5	Nothing but great things to say about this place!! I am so so so picky when it comes to stylists, but PLEASE go to Luis Solis, one of their stylists for an INCREDIBLE cut. Seriously the best cut and style of my life. Massage therapist named Sarah, I think the only one there, is nothing short of phenomenal. It's a small Salon in Old Town Scottsdale, just east of Scottsdale Rd on 1st, definitely a hidden gem. I will be back. Both leaps of above Taglio (before all the changes) and other high end salons.
5	Well I love Applause.  I have been going here for a while, and when I started I just went to get a cut and color... Jackie is my gal.  She is funny and has a magical way with color.  Mine is red, not the easiest but I get more compliments - and everyone thinks it's my own color!  But now I also hit the Nail Goddess every 4 weeks for a pedi, Suzanne is her name and her pedicures are a dream.  If you like a good leg/foot massage, you will think you have died and gone to heaven.  I have also just tried their new massage therapist Sara, and really had a relaxing massage - at a reasonable $$$.  All in all, I have to give them 5 stars - for the people (nice, funny and NOT Scottsdale Pretentious/Snotty), and the excellent service!
5	My experience to date with this wonderful and fun salon is with Suzanne...the self-described Nail Goddess!  And she truly is...each time I go for a mani/pedi is like a trip to heaven.  Oh, and she is probably one of the most personable and funny people I know.  I look forward to every trip, even though it's a bit out of the way for me from Mesa...but well worth it.
5	UPDATE 08/01/10 - Unfortunately, Sam is no longer at Applause.  But I've followed her to where she's now working.After getting a horrible set of Gel nails for the first time back in April at another place, I started Googling salons around where I work.  I read up on the reviews for Applause, and figured I'd give them a try.  The salon is clean, everyone is friendly, and I couldnt have been happier.  Sam does a WONDERFUL job with my nails each time!
5	Suzanne is Amazing!  Truly a nail goddess :)  I have never had nails that looked so real and held up so well ever!  She does everything by hand and they are perfect every time.  She also has an amazing personality!  I enjoy the hour I get to spend with her.
4	I love Suzanne the Nail Goddess I can't even sing her praises enough. She treats you great, does wonderful nails and makes you feel very welcome. Only nail girl I'll go to any longer.
5	I go to Suzanne at Applause Salon in Old Town Scottsdale to get my acrylic nails. She is the BEST! I would definitely recommend her.
5	I am in love with a salon. I said it! I've been talking about this place randomly while in conversations even a week later. I laugh out loud when I remember the ridiculousness and down to earthness of everything that was said there. I feel like I have been missing out on something now that I have found this place. I discovered this little hen house from Groupon and just redeemed it a week ago. Immediately I was comfortable and happy when I walked in there. Its all about customer service with a sense of humor. Trisha was my nail tech and she was frickin amazing. It was never awkward, like most manicure/pedicure experiences. I had fun there, so much fun there, that I would go back once a week if I could afford luxuries like that! Trisha recommended a shellac manicure since I am an artist and super rough on my hands. She promised that they would be shiny and chip free days later and boom that girl delivered. I LOVE my manicure. I am so happy. Nothing is more frustrating then getting your nails down only to screw them up washing a dish, popping open a can, picking a sticker off of something blah blah blah. Plus, you want a french, you get a french, at no extra charge, they give you what you want. They don't nickle and dime you like those ninja salons. This place was awesome. Everyone that works there is soooo down to earth and awesome. If your not the type that likes to talk about life, be silly, laugh and get your nails down at the same time then don't go here. And do yourself a favor and get the stick out of your ass and free fall off your pedestal.
4	Great salon.  I got a cut and color by Ashley Wright and she did a phenomenal job.  I have been going back to her ever since and trust her every time she does my hair.  She listens to what I want and does it; simple as that.  She never chops inches off when I just want a trim and always gets the color just right for the season!
5	I actually started seeing Suzanne many many years ago and she left the salon for a short time so after a several years of having to deal with terrible experiences, and ultimately removing my acrylics.  I was able to reconnect with Suzanne and am so happy. She is as wonderful as always and does a perfect job every time.  And above and beyond the wonderful service and product she provides she's an absolute joy to deal with!  Happy to be back at my manicure/pedicure home!
1	I got extensions by Ashley Wright and I have had nothing but problems since. Had to go back for her to put back in 10 of them then the day I did that and she supposedly tightened them ALL I had one fall out again. I paid $500 for these extensions and they are supposed to be good ones. I DON'T think so. If they can't even stay in my hair either they aren't good for the money I paid or the person putting them in ISN'T very good. DON'T waste your money!!!! I drove a long distance to have this done and then to have to drive back to have them replaced isn't worth my time and then to not even get an I'm sorry or anything is total BS!!! I want my money back but doubtful that will happen either. Not sure If I will go back to have them tightened as she didn't do it this time when they all started falling out, will probably find someone else that KNOWS what she is doing....Signed,LIL PISSED OFF B**CH
5	Loved, loved, loved my experience today! Mani/Pedi with Tori. The place is simply adorable. The nail area is set up with comfy couches, pillows and a chandelier. I was there for a solid two hours and was not rushed out the door (even though the salon had clearly closed for the night). Tori took her time analyzing my nails and skin and did a wonderful job. I left feeling refreshed and pampered. Great place to go.
5	I discovered this little gem after buying a groupon for their pedicure party for 4.  After some scheduling issues on our part, we made it work and BOY am I glad I did!  Everyone had a great experience, but I ended up with Kim, and I have to say it was the BEST pedicure I've ever had.  I'm prone to ingrown nails and have to wear "cute" shoes all day, and I have hard time finding nail techs that will "do the job" and get the little buggers out of there.  Kim did such a phenomenal job, I'll make the trip from Gilbert to Scottsdale for my pedicures!   I would recommend Kim and Applause to anyone!
3	I visited Applause after purchasing a deal for a shellac mani and pedi.  Called and made my appointment, the receptionist was super friendly and polite.  I had my mani/pedi with Brandee.  I agree with the other reviews, the place has a very cute little set up. Love the chairs and the chandelier.  Felt very cozy.  The reason I gave a three star rating is due to the quality of the manicure itself and overall lack of professionalism.  The pedi was just fine from what I could tell.  During the manicure, the tech never soaked my nails... so when I asked her to cut them down, they were so hard I'm literally cringing thinking about how hard she hard to push down on the clippers to actually clip them.  I even cringed while she was doing it and she asked if it hurt.  It didn't hurt, but just watching my nails bend and not wanting to be cut was uncomfortable.  All of which could have been avoided if they were soaking first.  There was no soaking, no hand massage... basic shaping with a file, buff and cuticle push back.  Just a very average mani at best.  Also, the next day when I looked at the polish, it looked like I already had a weeks worth of growth.  She didn't paint them close to the edge of my nail bed :(As for the overall deameanor, Brandee was a super sweet gal with a bubbly personality.  I really did like her, I just felt like the atmosphere was almost TOO casual. All of the employees were having conversations with each other while taking care of customers.  Another employee came in and stopped to say hi to my nail tech and give her a hug while she was doing my nails.  I'm sure its personal preference.  some people like the really casual laid back atmosphere and I'm all about having fun at work, but I also like a bit of peace and quiet when I'm getting my nails done.   I work full time and have an infant at home... I get very little time to myself, so when I like to indulge, I like to do it without hearing everyone's sidebar conversations.Bottom line is... Applause is a really cute salon and the employees seem to have fun working there.  The overly laid back nature of the place is just not for me and I prefer a more full service mani/pedi.
3	I bought a groupon deal for a shellac mani and pedi.I scheduled an appointment with them so that I could take my mom to get her nails and hair done at the same place.Here is what I have observed.GREETING- We arrived 10 minutes early and checked in with the receptionist.She told me to wait and then went about her business.So, I sat down with my mom and my 2 little ones and waited.About 10 minutes AFTER my appointment time we were finally asked (i believe it was tori that was going to do the mani/pedi) over to their mani/pedi section.All the while we waited... we got some glances from other employees, one which turned out to be doing my mom's hair and overall felt uncomfortable being there.SHELLAC Mani/pedi- was NOT SHELLAC anything!!!I researched this and found out that only CND made shellac nail products and really are the only true shellac.  I looked Applause up and they were indeed one of the authorized salons to use it.  However, what my mom got on her finger nails were Gelish which is NOT a shellac and instead a gel.  Honestly, it wouldn't have mattered much except that I made it a point to ask about shellac and one of the nail artists said that its just another top layer that they use to protect the nail polish!?!?!?!Obviously not true and the fact that I specifically wanted my mom to get shellac made me a bit upset.HAIR CUT and COLOR- A cute stylist colored and cut her hair and she tried to be polite and all and I appreciate that.  However, she seems to lack styling and coloring techniques.She is proficient in cutting though and her technical skills show it.Coloring- was straight forward and simple since my mom's hair is really short.  There were a lot of mess around her forehead and neck but it wasn't to the point of excessiveness.  As for styling she was holding the hair dryer very awkwardly and it was up her chest so she couldn't manuver it easily and had to push up onto my mom's hair in order to try and style it.  we pretty much stoped her and said it was fine so we can leave.When it was time to pay, the lady seemed confused in how to charge me since I had a groupon for the shellac and also had other service.I was told $45 for cutting and coloring special when I originally booked appointment but was instead charged $59.When we were done, there wasn't much of a goodbye.  It appears that since we aren't the "regulars" they didn't really care much.I say this because there was a another lady who got her hair done that chatted up quite a bit with her stylist and other employees seem to know her well as well.When she left, the receptionist women who rang me up got up and opened the door to say good bye to her... but for us.. it was just ehh.it is a cute place... just wish the employees there are more personable.
2	I recently got married out of the country, and in preparation for leaving for my wedding I had to make all my "get prettied up" appointments for 6 days before the big day. I had never had a shellac mani or pedi so I was excited to get something that was going to last through my week. When I got to Applause the girl that worked with me informed me that there was a misprint in the Groupon I purchased, and the deal only covered a shellac mani but a regular pedicure. I explained that the shellac pedi was the reason I purchased the deal and because this was for my wedding, they needed to honor the deal, so they very kindly worked with me. My overall experience was mediocre. I basically got my nails polished, but my skin was really, really dry, and my girl didn't even bother to moisturize them. No hand or foot massage either. Isn't that a requirement? It really was as basic as you can get. While the polish didn't chip as advertised, it started peeling at the top as my nail grew and the the polish separated from my cuticles. As for the pedi, the toes were not looking great after a few days. The polish was touching the cuticle and sure enough they peeled faster than my fingernails. Needless to say it wasn't as picture perfect as I had hoped, thus will not be returning to Applause for any of their nail services in the future.
5	Karen is amazing!! I'd trust her with my hair anytime!!
5	Karen Borden is an amazing talented woman w not only hair but also with color and teaching me how I can continue the style she did for me and I continue to feel beautiful. She has been with me since 1997 as my hair beauty expert and with the several states I have moved to she finally relocated to where I am to stay and I am so glad she's here and now I will always have her and we are all blessed :)
2	Cute atmosphere and friendly staff, but as previously stated, the actual service is not impressive. No massage with my manicure or pedicure. Before getting the gel polish, I looked at my nails to find 3 of them were horribly shaped (i.e. very jagged edges). I'm not one to complain, but it seemed like my nail tech was paying more attention to what service he was going to provide his coworkers after he was done with me than he was to my service. My toenails were chipped the next day and the gel polish lasted about 5 days. Pretty disappointed.
5	I got a groupon for this salon on a whim. I was set up with Karen from Chicago!  First off the owner is insanely nice! Salon is clean and inviting!  I had wanted a major change from long hair to a short styling. First the color she did was so fresh and gorgeous! Then for the cut I was so scared but she assured me she knew what she was doing and that it'd be fab! It was fabulous and I love it. I will go to her forever! Color and cut was awesome! Can't wait to go back!
5	Ashley Wright is a fantastic hairstylist! I have gone to her for over five years and each time she has done an excellent job.  She always listens to what I would like, makes wonderful suggestions and just takes her time and is so sincere and truly caring.  Applause is also welcoming to everyone. It's a great atmosphere! I highly recommend Ashley and Applause Salon
1	Bought a groupon for partial highlights, morrocon oil treatment, and style. My hair looks like a blonde skunk just a strip of highlights down the middle and none on sides. I really don't know what I"am going to do for my brothers wedding in a month. She was also coloring her own hair while she was doing mine, who does that!!!!!!! Very disappointed, should have read the reviews first!
5	it's been a while since I reviewed Applause, but i have been going back and am really enjoying the place and the staff.  They have made some decorating changes and added some services that I can't wait to try.  Still love coming here for the great services!
5	Purchased a living social dealio and had the pleasure of meeting Gina for a cut/condition/highlight appointment. Sometimes I've noticed that there's this attitude because your coming in with a dealio. Not the case with my experience at this salon. Everyone there was great and kind. Gina is an amazing hair dresser. My cut and color was perfect and she was so genuine in all of our conversations. I've already recommended a friend to go here and with Gina! When I left, Gina even offered a generous discount on my next two visits. I finally found a new go to hair stylist!  Thank you!
5	I LOVE this place. I've been to a lot of nail salons here in the valley and I can honestly say this is one of the best. It's so cute and cozy inside, and everyone is super friendly. Henry gave me one of the best gel manicures and pedicures I've ever had. He is very thorough with his work and a perfectionist. I will definitely be back! Thanks Henry!!
4	I went to Applause recently for a gel manicure and pedicure. I have no complaints. It's been 10 days and my right index finger polish has chipped a bit, but I am not gentle on my hands. The lady who performed my manicure and pedicure did a thorough job, and unlike MANY other nail salons, she did lightly massage my legs and arms - I had a great experience and I'll be back!
1	My experience at applause salon was extremely dissatisfying! (FYI despite the name I am a girl writing this review not a boy) Anyway, I went in because of the groupon offer and figured I would be getting a great deal based on my previous experience with new places I've found on groupon, but this was certainly NOT the case with applause salon. When I first walked in, the place was not busy at all yet I had to wait for my nail technician to finish filing the nails of an employee before working on me; a client with an appointment. After I had chosen from the extremely limited color selection, my pedicure started. However, I had to change the color of my polish twice during my pedi because the nail technician didn't like the polish I chose! But the manicure was even worse!!! I chose a shellac mani and was promised a hand and arm massage which I didn't receive. I had to compromise my colors (again) and that's not even the worst part! One of the colors I chose wrinkled once it was dry and after voicing my concern instead of taking it off and redoing my nails, my technician said it's not going to get any better!!! Umm, I've gotten plenty of gel manicures and this is NOT normal!!! He also left visible edges of paint around my nails because he didn't cut or push back the cuticles even after I asked! I was so fed up all I wanted to do was leave but I couldn't because the front desk receptionist was busy having a lengthy conversation with an employee about a shirt while ignoring me waiting to check out. My manicure is so bad I would love to go back and get it fixed but I do not want to step foot in there again and waste more time and money. Based on my experience, I do not recommend this salon!Please do yourself a favor and save your money!!!
1	When I walked in to Applause, I appreciated the comfortable/casual atmosphere, but quickly changed my mind and immediately thought of Tabitha from the salon takeover show, this place is a prime contender! Unprofessional to say the least. My manicure/pedicure turned out to be only a manicure as it took a full hour and based on the quality (or lack thereof) I didn't want to waste my time getting my toes done too. Nails were not soaked, there was paint all over my skin, not to mention the chunk that was cut out of my cuticle and would not stop bleeding. My manicurist mentioned something about school, as in, she is still in beauty school. I also overheard what appeared to be the boss and a manager speaking in regards to the nail area saying "Do they need to be supervised over there?" implying the nail technician didn't have the proper skills to begin with. I wish I could give this 0 stars. Save your money. Applause shame on you for your lack of professionalism and care for your clientele, perhaps in the future you can hire qualified individuals.
5	It has been about two weeks since my hair appointment here but I have not forgotten about the great job they did.. Now that I have a few moments I just wanted to write a Quick review to explain how great they are.I have been living in California for the last year and I just returned to AZ..  A friend of mine recommended Applause so I called and set up an appointment..  Being a male I usually go to a barber because I feel like a salon is more suited for a girl (I'm an idiot)..  Anyway - um my stylist was Audrey and she took very good care of me, she even trimmed my beard a little...  One of the ladies even waxed my bushy eyebrows for me..  Everything went super smooth and I walked out of there with exactly what I wanted.  I have definitely had the worst luck in the past when it comes to my hair so I am writing this review just to say how pleased I am and you all at Applause will be seeing me again shortly..
