1	I think they have moved to:(Phone number is the same) 6800 S. TORREY PINESThis is the Enterprise that is attached to Findlay Chevrolet.    My wife has to rent cars often for business and she spends approximately $300 per month on rental cars.  We recently moved here and we selected Enterprise since it was close to our home and saved us driving approximately 10 more minutes to the Airport to pick up a car.  However, I have found Enterprise to be very disorganized.  My wife is typically made to wait 30 minutes to get her car because it is never ready (ie they still need to clean the car etc)  for her dispite her making a reservation.Recently my wife experienced trouble with one of her rentals.  When I called the manager, Tai, to ask her about the service my wife was receiving, I got nothing but attitude.We will be using another car rental place from here on out.
1	Worst service ever. Rented a chrysler 200 what a pos. Low coolant level, disgusting smell from a/c, tpms light on, horrible gas mileage due to exhaust leak. Thats just the car!! Customer service by the manager Kyle, Chris, and the girl who helped me (wasn't wearing a name tag) sucked. Could have cared less if I was happy or not with the pos car they rented me. When I brought the car back in Kyle's exact words were "everything that could go wrong with the car did." That pissed me off more then I already was. Horrible service terrible cars take your money else where. I will be
5	I get taken care of every time I rent from this location. Efficient staff and excellent customer service.
1	Walked in today with my family to rent a car.  There was no mention online when reserving the car about providing proof of address.  We tried to compromise with the guy behind the counter, we even offered the registration in our car and he told us, "You can put ANY address on those". YES, you heard him right.  You simply can NOT put any address on a registeration PAL.  If that was the case we wouldn't be getting reminds from the DMV sent to our house.  Then he says "have a great day", which in my opinion made things WORST.  More insulting.  You're useless.  Thanks for nothing.We're taking our business to the Sahara Enterprise because we're not treated poorly there AND my boyfriend knows Tiffany the DM. She needed parts one day and mentioned to just stop on in if we need anything. This would be one of those times... FURIOUS that ignorant guy didn't have a name tag on, SHOCKER!!!!!!  Big thumps up for being the worst enterprise I've been to. WOO you can tell he has no idea about customer service. He just wanted to be DIFFICULT with US today, but he treated the couple before us CHAMRINGLY. Hmmm...NEVER AGAIN.
5	The price was Ok. The  employee at the counter was 2 from 5. But after you go to pick up the car...woww. You have VIP service directly to your car. You can upgrade to any car , there have 2014 BMW 650 for $300 a day with 150 mile limit. I'm recommend enterprise but remember ask for GREG LEVY best costumer service EVER
