2	I came across this place driving by one day, it was another eatery before wingbonz.   I was hoping this would b a new wing place for me .  The place is small but friendly,very much a beach feel. I first ordered their mozzarella sticks w marinara , they were fried golden brown n very cheesy.  I saw they had southern wings an I luv southern wings of course I do lol.  However when I asked our waitress if they were served with gravy which is why it's called southern , she said they stopped serving the gravy !! I told her that was like serving grits with no butter lol Not to mention they have alot of up charges which I'm not a fan of.  All charges should be in the charge of the food :). I thought I'd try the chicken fingers but they are battered in a spicy breadding per the menu.  I don't do spicy so no chicken for me , they had a nice black n blue burger so I ordered that :( The burger was not good , the ground beef was as if it was shredded yuck.  With blue cheese crumbles on top , letter, tomato n onion. The burger just didn't have any taste an what was I Thinkin ordering a  burger at a wing place lol. The fries were good , my friend got the wings n said they were good. Not so sure ill go back , but if you like spicy wings n such you might like this place but be prepared to be hit with .75 xtra ranch or blue cheese . Too many up charges for me :)
4	Great wing place! The restaurant has a tropical decor to it and the staff are friendly and laid back.
3	Pretty okay.  We've been twice now - once after they first opened and then a few months later.  Very good service both times. Staff seem well trained and friendly.  Lots of choices on the menu.  The tenders are tasty.  Hubby likes the wings.  One complaint is that the tenders they serve with the kids meal are standard frozen Tyson foods type stuff. They are not the fresh strips they serve when you order an adult meal.  That just seems unbelievably cheap to me.It bothers me that they have done nothing to the decor from the previous tenant at all.  It feels like Key West - not a wing place.  The empty fish tank, the dry water features, etc, just feel weird.  I understand that margins are tight in the food world, but come on.  I noticed they did change their sign to say Wing Bonz Cantina, so maybe they think this will help tie the decor to the food?  I can't quite figure that out at all.  But, I realize I'm being nitpicky about this;). The rest of my family would say "relax"!
5	Wings were good. Traditional was better than grilled. Very friendly and efficient service by our waitress, Brie.  We sat outside on the deck.  The only patrons there at 2:00 on a Thursday...location, possibly?  We are new to this city, only here for a business meeting and happened to be passing by.  Worth a try for wing lovers.
4	Great place to stop in for lunch or a quick dinner. Had the buffalo chicken wrap and it was great. Their blue cheese dressing is AWESOME! I wasn't drinking, but they had some great drink specials written on the chalk board. Seems like fun for after work! Pretty affordable menu too!
4	Solid hot wings cooked the right way: not breaded and legitimately spicy. Great service even during lunch. It's also great that they don't skimp on the sauce leaving you with dry wings to deal with.They manage to put out great wings - definitely worth giving a shot if you like good wings.
3	I've only tried this place once and it was an okay experience. I got an order of 20 wings for pickup that took 25 minutes to make but I had a couple errands to run so it wasn't that bad. I got the blue cheese dressing to go with it was very good I have to say. I would definitely try this place again.
2	Plain and simple, good cold beer, food is a rip off.  Asked for Chips and Queso, no salsa, paid full price for chips and salsa then was up charged $2.99 for a tiny / half full portion of cheese, thought it was small said something and was told they were losing money on normal portions, I still had 3/4 of chips left and was charged another $1.30 for the same 1/2 portion. So $2.99 + $2.99+ $1.30 for a 1/3 cup of Queso and chips, which I left most behind because of the aggravation. By the way my two beers were $5, makes no sense.  David
4	I tell you what, I can't help but love WingBonz!  We have yet to eat in, so I can't give you the scoop on the servers or the ambiance.  But we have gotten two meals to go from there since we moved to this area six months ago, and it's so nice to have a place where all of the people in our family can find something tasty to eat!  Simply put, it's good food at fair prices (when compared to all the other joints in overpriced Fort Mill!)
5	Wow. Had the wings. Really great flavors of sauces. Homemade bleu cheese dressing. Wow. Great attentive and friendly staff. Must try if in the area or make a special trip. Worth it for sure!
4	Went with my large family, (10 adults, 4 kids). Small and quaint, sports bar meets Jimmy Buffett feel. Gotta say, I was pleasantly surprised. Great prices, good food, great staff. Quick service for my large bunch, and the bill was $110. Not bad at all for 14 eaters! Definitely go if you feel like a relaxed atmosphere, a beer, wings, and yummy wrap.
4	We've tried a few wing places in the Fort Mill area since coming back to the East Coast and for the most part have felt underwhelmed... until we tried WingBonz. If I'm in the Rock Hill area I typically get wings from Luke's Bar & Grill and I used to go to the WingBonz in Rock Hill, too but for some reason the service and food dropped off the past couple of times I've been. This Wingbonz (the Fort Mill location) is crazy good. It doesn't look like much from the outside (more of a residential home converted into a restaurant) but the inside is much, much better. Tons of seating both in and outside (a lot more than you would expect from the exterior), great beers on tap, and the service was fantastic. Here's what we ordered: -Chicken Strip Meal (with Raw (Crispy) Fries *Honey Hot flavoring on the strips-25 Wing Sampler Platter with:*24 Karat Gold *Honey Hot*Garlic*Chili Tai *Smoking Hot HotAll of the flavors were great but I thought Honey Hot, 24 Karat Gold, and Chili Tai were the best out of the 5. We're very happy to have found a legitimate wing place like WingBonz (in Fort Mill)!
1	I visited WingBonz a couple months back and was told they were to busy to regrill my wings. I have not been back. I sent an email to the owner, but got no response.
1	Crap. Absolute crap.First we started out with chips and salsa. Wasn't bad. My mother and I got water, which both had some things floating around in the cups. Weird.Then our order came out. My father and I both got three chicken tacos and my mom got chicken wings. Buffalo and lemon pepper. Our tacos wee inedible. So disgusting. The chicken just LOOKED weird. I took a bite with no chicken and my dad took a huge bite and almost got sick. The chicken was brown on the inside. Seriously? Wow. My mother's wings were super dry. Both inside and out.They charged us for the meal when we said it was disgusting.Mind you that we were the only people here at 6:30pm on a Saturday night.I would never recommend this place to anyone.
3	If you just want to chill out in a usually quiet place with a friendly staff for a beer, some wings and a football game, this isn't a bad place.I drop my rating because aside from the wings, the menu is VERY confused with a mix of Mexican dishes and american.  Very odd menu that needs to settle on its identity.
5	I ABSOLUTELY LOVE THIS PLACE! Every time I come into town, I have to eat here! Best variety of wings. Ever. Everything I have ever had here had been so delicious.
