4	I was greeted by a very friendly and helpful staff. She was wide eyed and chirpy! I came in here looking for Clinique Super Lip Balm treatment cream however, they were sold out. She was kind enough to let me know that just around the corner is the Clinique store itself and I can probably find what I'm looking for out there. Thank goodness so I don't have to hike over to the Fashion Show Mall. Every step you save walking in Vegas is a big deal!
4	Located at the Miracle Mile Shops in Planet Hollywood hotel. Staff was helpful and friendly. If you can't find what you're looking for at Ulta, you can definitely find it at Sephora.
4	forget about ulta.  sephora is the store that lets customers browse several lines of cosmetics and skincare without having to visit a bunch of department stores or boutiques- one stop beauty shopping.  love it.  this store is great, except for the lack of chanel.  can't win them all, I guess.
4	I love to shop, I love makeup, so what's not to love about Sephora? If pressed, I'd have to say the prices.  Don't really see things on sale at this place; probably because there is such a high-demand for the high-end goodies they sell.   Sales folks are usually helpful and friendly.  I truly feel like a kid in a candy store at this place!
4	I love all Sephoras...  this one is very nice and big.  People are helpful in asking you 3 times if you need help but don't really know what to do when you do ask a question.  I was working a convention and tired of standing on my feet so I asked for a relaxing foot cream.  The man kept pointing me towards scrubs for callused feet.  Not quite the same.  I looked on my own and settled on my usual Soul Owner from Philosophy, so not too helpful.
4	I go to Sephora in my hometown, so why review this one? The employees were wayyy nicer and more informative than the employees at my local Sephora.They helped me find everything I needed and knew right away whether or not they had something in stock. No need to go searching or look it up. They were definitely on top of their stuff.This Sephora isn't as big as some I have been in, but it surprisingly has a lot of product for such little space.
4	I am a Sephora fan and this one in the Miracle Mile shops is a nice one, although a bit crazy with foot traffic off the Strip and the mall.  It is light and bright with big windows at the front which is a nice feature since it is always nice to see colors in natural light.  The selection is as good as any Sephora, although not as big as my regular store in Colorado.  Still, there are lots of associates there to help & still enough products to paruse.  They seem to do a lot of make-up applications at this one (or were the day I was there).  The checkout was a little disorganized and people kept cutting in line and causing all kinds of nastiness - which the cashiers handled the best they could.  All in all a nice store and one you can lose yourself in for an hour or so :)
5	I just want to review this from a perspective of someone who has done freelance makeup. Nothing irritates me more to go places where people dont know what the hell they are selling. It's a fairly big store with so many brands to remember, yes, but have at least some basic knowledge and recommendations. I can certainly help myself knowing what I know about makeup, but definitely kudos that they can answer my questions. I've been out of he industry for a while and they can tell me about whats new/next in the industry and talk "shop" basically since many knew I did makeup.Theres a lot of foot traffic but they make sure to greet everyone and everyone is all pretty friendly. Was glad I worked in the PH so this was my location. I like the Venetian one but occasionally been and felt they were understaffed so I did them a favor and just made my choices on my own with a little research on my iPhone.
4	Although I didn't end up purchasing anything at this particular Sephora (I adore the online coupon codes and samples!) I am still reviewing it because I did take a friend who ended up buying a lot of items, blowing her budget out of the water but adding many points to my Sephora Beauty Insider card. (Thanks, girl!)This Sephora usually has some problems because it is usually very busy as it is located right next to the Strip entrance of the Miracle Mile shops. We came in around 8 PM on a Sunday and it was moderately busy, but not claustraphobically so. We ended up getting to peruse by ourselves for awhile, but were asked a couple times if we needed help. One associate helped my friend with some mascara. I have to say that these women are very knowledgeable about their products which makes this shopping experience very relaxing compared to a lot of other cosmetic stores that shove everything in your face, demanding that you have a make-over RIGHT NOW. The one thing I really like is that the store is brightly lit, there are a plethora of testers available for almost every product, and checkout is usually very quick without hassle, even with a long line. And I love that at the checkout section they have smaller versions of a lot of the big selling products, so trying one or two things won't kill you or your wallet. Overall I am a huge Sephora supporter, and this store was very nicely laid out and the associates were friendly but not overly-so. The product can get pricey, but that's just the price you need to pay to be gorgeous!
4	I love Sephora. See my review for the shop in Town Square for why.I was attending an event Saturday evening with a girlfriend, and we wanted to get our eye makeup done extra dramatic. We decided to go to the Miracle Mile Shops location because we were closer to it at the time. One thing Sephora is always great at is service. We were welcomed  as soon as we walked in. We inquired about having makeup done, and the sales associate called over her manager. We were told that Sephora requires a minimum purchase for makeup application if it is full face, but we were only wanting our eyes done so there would be no charge. We were disappointed to learn that we would not get to have fake eyelashes applied, against store policy apparently.  This ended up not mattering because while the store's selection of fake eyelashes was fine, many styles were completely out of stock. I ended up passing on the lashes, making this Sephora visit one of my only visits where a purchase was not made.The ladies that did our makeup were both very nice. I felt a little bad for my friend though, the girl that did her makeup got about halfway done and then asked another person to take over. She stated that 'dramatic eye makeup really wasn't her speciality'. Eek. Wish you would have said that before you started applying bright shadow to my friend's lids! The girl that took over really made her look great though so it wasn't a big deal. And the lady that did my makeup made me look fab. I will stick to the Town Square location in the future simply because it seems to have better stock of the items. This is still a great store though and very worthy of a visit if you love makeup and are nearby.
4	I'm a total sucker for Sephora stores so of course I had to go inside and find something to buy.  The staff here were friendly but not overbearing and while I sprayed myself with some nasty perfume a sales associate noticed how desperately I was trying to get the scent off with baby wipes and offered me a cotton ball with rubbing alcohol.  It almost worked.  She saved the day!  Oh yeah, good selection and helpful staff.
4	I walked in.. and I felt like the greeter lady at the door was following me.  Long story short, we were waiting for a 15 minute table at the restaraunt across the street.. so I popped into sephora real quick to see if they had the Chloe perfume I wanted.  they did, so instead of buying it right then and there I decided to wait and then come back, just in case I found anything else at townsquare.  so I come back later, and i guess the lady recognizes me... and that's when the following took place.for a moment, as i was browsing.. i stopped to look at her and we made eye contact.  she was really close to me the WHOLE time.  I promise u, I'm not a theif.. nor do I look like 1.  it was weird.so i make a comment and i say.. "really?"to which she replies.. "did you need any help?"0_-  "no.  did YOU need any help?" and she just smiled and walked back to the door.  bitch.  ugh! besides that... the store is stocked...the OTHER woman that helped me with my purchases even gave me a free sample of two different eye creams.. AND wrote down the instructions...so when I told her how i felt about the lady following me around..she was shocked and said, yeah.... she should be at the door at all times.  hmm.  anyway, just because women nowadays carry huge humongous purses [such as myself] doesn't mean i'm gonna fill it up and run. anyways, 1 star off for you lady...4 stars for a great store with all the things i come to sephora for... and the amazing help i received after being stalked.
5	This place had the best service ever!  The cashier who rung me up informed me that if I bought any Dior item, I could receive a free make up bag.  How helpful is that?!  All the other workers were very engaged and seemed happy to be there.  If I'm back in Vegas and I need any last minute makeup, I'm definitely making the trip back to this location!
5	My college roommate and I have a DEEP love for Sephora and all things Sephora.  So when we were in Las Vegas we dragged my husband and our other friend (or more like we ran and they followed) into this Sephora.It's right on the strip and near tons of the nice hotels/casinos.  It's huge and bright which makes shopping even better.  Prices and products are similar to other stores but I feel it was even larger because it was Vegas.  This Sephora is visible from the street and isn't the only one in Vegas but still gets a lot of traffic.*sigh*  I love you Sephora!
4	Not my favorite Sephora I have walked into.  I gave it four stars because I did find what I wanted.  The staff is not as helpful, I had to hunt them down to find my products and then they only had one register open and she was not excited to be working.  This is also a much smaller location, even though it's in one of my favortie tourist malls in Vegas, I would rather go to another Sephora in the area.
1	When it comes to brand name stores like this one, I base my reviews on service rather than product. It is a Sephora and they are going to have an equal amount of products/inventory as any other Sephora, here or in Cali. Just take a peek at my beauty insider points and you will know just how often i shop at this store(not this location, but Sephora in general). I buy all my makeup from here because they carry brands that I cannot find at the department stores. I use Benefit Dear John for my face cream(although they have discontinued it), Perfekt for my primer, Makeup Forever for my foundation, Bare Minerals Mineral Vail to seal in my foundation, Nars for my blush, Lancome for my eyeliner and mascara(Hypnose Drama), Marc Jacobs Daisy for my daily perfume and these are just my regular purchases. I also have items that I do not regularly use but love nonetheless. Now I am not trying to name every product I have ever owned but I am trying to make a point that I shop at this store quite often and spend a lot of money during each trip. I came here last night, close to closing time, with my 12 year old cousin who was trying to show me around Vegas. No it is not my first time here, but she felt the need to show me around since she is now old enough to somehow have a feel of what Vegas is about. Maybe that isn't such a good idea but anyhoo. We walked in and although there was a young lady up front, she neither smiled nor greeted us. I work for retail and I know those are the basics of keeping customers happy. I just made my way towards the back of the store to see if anything caught my eye. I did not intend on buying anything since my supplies are pretty stocked, but if I found something I liked I was going to buy it. We spent a good 10 minutes in the little Perfekt section which were offering a new tanning cream. It does what the Perfekt primer does for my face, but it adds a tint for the rest of your body. I sampled it on my arms and legs and kinda liked it. Had an associate approached me and offered any assistance, I probably would have bought it($58?). Sadly nobody came near us and I was whatever about the experience. Would have given them 3 stars at that point since they were closing.On our way out, the doors were closed and two of their associates were guarding it. They saw us walking towards them, no smilie, no goodbye. Waited for me to get there, then this tubby short girl/woman, with short hair, kinda gave me the look...staring me down head to toe, made an 'ehh' breathe/sound, then proceeded to open the door to let us out. Yea I totally butchered the sentence with run uns but I don't care. She was so rude and bitchy. I had to be the one to say good night to her since I am accustomed to being nice to people. I work in retail, and I do my best to make my customers happy, whether they buy anything or not! Now I know my review is not going to make a difference since this place is a tourist area, but this had to be said. I was not happy with their service. Maybe if she had approached me then I would have actually bought something.
1	I just read Anna G's review and totally agree with it.  The store has a similar inventory to other similar-sized Sephoras.  However, the beauty studio staff takes the grand prize on rudeness.  The employees in this store need much better training on customer relations.  The only thing this store has going for it is its location and the Sephora name.  If it was in any other location, no one would likely go to this store because of the employees.  Overall my experience here was horrible.  I will always shudder as I walk past this store in future Vegas visits.  I will never encourage any of my friends or family to shop at this store.I was in Vegas for my friend's bachelorette party.  I had called in two days prior to schedule a makeover appointment for our night out.  I knew I needed new makeup supplies... I'm out of foundation, mascara, powder, I wanted to buy some new eye shadows, etc... I scheduled a makeover for myself too. So my makeover was scheduled for 6 pm and my friend's at 6:30.  I am in general frugal BUT I like to spend money on things that matter.  To me, good quality makeup is an investment so I suck it up and spend $$$ when the time comes to buy.I got there and this nice older gentleman greeted me.  I asked him where to go for the makeovers and he directed me to the general area.  Although he did not seem to know much about the beauty studio, the fact that he greeted me was a plus in my book.The ordeal began when I got to the beauty studio area.  There were three girls in the red and black coats chatting up a storm with each other.  I must have looked like someone with no money to spend because I stood there for five minutes in front of them before one of them even acknowledged me.  When I asked about the makeover they looked me up and down, no smile, made me feel like I was intruding, then one of them finally asked had I bought the $50 gift card yet, the cost of the makeover.  Well it was my first time doing the makeover so I had no idea you had to buy the gift card first.  It turns out you buy the gift card after the makeover!!!!  Per my cousin, the Sephora makeover veteran.Dutifully, I went to the cashier and paid for me and my girl friend's makeover.  When I got back to the beauty studio area, not one of the girls could be found.  I circled the area a few times and finally another one of the girls came back to the beauty studo area, so I told her I was there for my makeover and I had an appointment.  She had this blank look on her face, no smile, and said she was the one who will be doing my makeover.  She never introduced herself.  It was only later that I found out her name from her manager.  I will not mention her name here but you know who you are.She said she was finishing up with her other client yet and told me to wait.  I looked around and sure enough there was now someone sitting in a once-empty chair.  I said sure. After all, what could I do?  I understood sometimes things just go behind schedule.  She apparently believed that was the end of her responsibility in customer service since she didn't tell me where to sit nor did she give me any reading material and she pretty much ignored me for the next 15-20 minutes.  Remember my friend's makeover was scheduled for 6:30 pm.  It was now 6:15.  We had dinner reservations at 8 pm.  Time was running out.  She did not seem to be getting done any time soon so I started looking around the display shelves.  I figured being the customer service expert that she was, she would look for me or page me when she was ready.  When I got back to the beauty studio area she was working on someone else. What the???  I looked at the appointment booklet and my name had been crossed off.  What the???When my friend arrived a few minutes later for her makeover I was fuming.  When my friend found out what happend she didn't want her makeover anymore.  Thankfully management was very appologetic and gave us our refunds.  Thank you for saving me $$$ on this Vegas trip!!!
2	Wow, what a selection!  This place is amazing...if your shopping for perfumes or makeup.  I entered the store with my wife and quite frankly it was clear that these were not the same employees that other yelpers gave grand reviews for being so helpful.  There were about 7 employees and 4 customers in the store.  The employees were talking among themselves about personal things.  We interrupted them twice for questions.  They seemed almost as if they were pissy for us interrupting them.  I won't put up with this crap again here.
5	To work in Sephora is hell. It's retail. It's make-up. You have to deal with women who you would swear were raised in a barn by chickens and pigs, because of their attitudes and lack of manners. It is evidenced by the need to peck another woman down then throw her in the mud. Yea, I saw several women like that in this store in the 30 minutes I was there.Yes, I encountered an extremely surly older than me woman (she had to have been at least 50) who was working there.Yes, I found what I was looking for. Yes, I spent a little over $150. Yes, I was happy.Yes, I encountered the store manager whose name begins with a D. She had a big happy smile that wasn't forced. She had beautiful hair! She asked how my shopping was going. She asked if I needed help. I was fine...I had all I needed.Check out was a breeze and even the cashier was super smily and helpful. Out of all the Sephoras I've hit, this and the one in Caesar's are my absolute FAVORITES.
4	If I had to rate it:1. I talked to my friend about a product that is near the front of the store and the lady working there jumped in and talked about her experience with it (which is fine because I used it too) - So that was nice the lady wanted to answer q's if we had any.2. The lines were not as bad as LA's3. Good that it's on the strip because as a girl going to the club that night and you forgot a certain make up utensil, you can get it easily here.4. Free parking at Miracle Mile5. It would get crowded at times.
4	smallish store, and very crowded. hard to move around in there.  but gets the job done.  found what i needed and moved on.  the major plus for me is that i can get everything i would need from the department store, without having to go to the department store.  i go for the clinique eye makeup remover and lancome foundation.  on the way out... i grab nail polish.  the sephora brand by OPI is great.  keep an eye out for gift sets... more bang for the buck
4	I LOVE LOVE LOVE any and everything Sephora, so during my trip to Vegas I had to make a stop. Staff seemed a little hurried, but I got the things I needed...ok the things I wanted, and was on my way w/ out any issues.
4	Mid Vegas trip I ran out of my favorite gloss and I stopped in this Sephora that I had seen in the Miracle Mile Shops. Just like every Sephora, the store's layout is easy to navigate through and find what you need with little assistance needed. The staff was very friendly and I was out of there with my gloss within 10 minutes.
5	I always have a good experience when I come to this Sephora. The ladies are always helpful in suggesting and testing out products. During my last visit, Tasha help me pick out a BB cream. She tested out Smashbox and let me know the benefits of the product. She was definitely professional and knowledgable of the products. Leaving a happy camper, I got exactly what I was looking for without the frustration of having to guess which brand would work out best for me. Thanks Tasha! I'll definitely be back.
3	I have been shopping this Sephora location for about 10 years.  That anything lasts 10 years in Vegas says something, in and of itself.....  It has been there longer than the Planet Hollywood name has been on the resort that houses it.  Anyone remember the Alladin?This place reminds me of an airport terminal.  There is a ton of traffic, and even though you're surrounded by others coming and going (it's right by one of the entrances to the Miracle Mile Shops), no one is engaged.  Sadly, that includes the staff with the customers.  On my most recent trip, I blew through with foundation already applied and added highlights, blush, bronzer, and eyeshadow from the ubiquitous sample pans.  (Yes, I ducked into the restroom to do my own liner and mascara later.  I'm not a total germ whore.)  This took me a good 20 minutes or so.  Did any staff member approach me?  Nay.  Not a one.  I didn't even see anyone working except behind the register.  This was on a Friday evening at 6:30 p.m., BTW.  Where were they?  Airport terminal, I tell you.   I was interested in a couple of products and easily could have been talked into buying them if anyone had approached me, even though I'd just dropped some bank at the Sephora over at the Venetian a couple days earlier.I was disappointed on my most recent visit because I've had some great makeovers at this branch.  Come to think of it, they were all 6-7 years ago, at least.  Hmmmm......Bottom line, if you want a great Sephora, go over to the Venetian.  This one is serviceable as long as you go in knowing what you want to pick up and don't need any help.  On the other hand, if you want to DIY makeup from the store samples with minimal interference, this is your place!
5	This was the BEST Sephora I have been in.. everThey had a DJ to start.. plenty of people walking around to help and sample things on. They had an awesome makeup bar... Sarah was my helper and she was GREAT!! I bought way too much thanks to her.. I love this place and when I get back to Vegas it will be on my list of must stops
5	Michelle at this Sephora was a makeup genius. She was so helpful with not only what I was looking for, but also absolutely transformed my mom's makeup routine in a helpful, not judgey way. Sometimes I feel like Sephora is full of Judge Judies, but not this one. We spent a good 90 minutes learning tips from Michelle (long red hair, generally kind and adorable) on everything from hair products to red lipstick to Retin-A.This Sephora is generally pretty organized and clean, too, though it is one of the smaller Sephoras in town. I am no fan of the Miracle Mile shops, but Michelle made the venture worth it. I want her to be my own personal beauty advisor! My biggest piece of advice for Sephora is to ASK. They know their stuff here, and their job is to help you figure out products. It might be hard if your store is full of Judge Judies, but not at this one!
5	Had a great experience at this store thanks to your amazing employee Sam. My friend and I renamed her marvelous Sam because she was so attentive to us and so informative and enthusiastic.  You are very lucky to have her as a Sephora rep as she makes you want to stay in the store and listen to her knowledge and her ideas. We LOVED Sam!
5	Great store! I have visited several Sephora's and this is at the top of my list. Yes, it is on the strip so there is the "tourist factor" but I think they are pretty awesome. Great customer service and good samples. I was looking for a little compact mirror and they didn't have any for sale. They do have little mirrors for when you buy a gift card but they are not for sale. The sales associate heard me and slipped in a compact mirror for free! I didn't even notice until I got home that he had done that. Little touches like that can really bump it up for me.
5	I sometimes come here for my acne medicine and wouldn't want to risk buying from the local drugstore. I'm always satisfied with the service plus they have lots of good deals near the cash register area for travelers.
2	Located in the Planet Hollywood Mall, which is extremely small and cluttered. This location no longer carries The Art of Shaving products.
1	Came to this location thinking that all Sephora's have the same great customer service.  I couldn't be more wrong.I came here one morning on a weekday shortly after it opened.  I was looking for an eyebrow product to replace the Bare Escentials product they no longer carry.  As I walked into the store, I noticed everyone was huddled in groups of 2-3 talking to each other and not welcoming anyone that walked into the store.  Usually after the first 15 steps into a Sephora they ask you if you need any help.  Most of the time I say no, but I actually needed help this time.  I was completely ignored.  After walking around the entire store by myself, I managed to find some product.  As I continued to walk around (and this isn't a very big store) I was looking for someone dressed like they worked at the store who could help me.  But I felt like every corner I turned in the direction of a staff member, they turned the other way and walked away.  WTF?!  I finally managed to corner some girl to ask her for her opinion of the product I picked.  She gave me a curt reply, walked me over to the section of the most popular product.  As she walked away, I noticed that they were out of the shade I needed.  i called her back over to ask if they had more.  She checked the drawer beneath and they were out.  The girl proceeded to go in the back to check (wow! finally some real help!) but came back empty handed SEVERAL minutes later.  I could have totally walked out with the original product I picked but I refuse to give this store my business.  Maybe i came at an off day, but there are 2 other Sephora's on the strip.  I will definitely pass this location next time.
1	Horrible horrible experience! NOT ONE PERSON WANTED TO HELP ME. I went in there to grab a sephora lip stain and wanted to try a eye primer. So FINALLY I FOUND someone. He was short and I think Filipino with make up on. And HE DID NOT WANT TO HELP ME. I just asked for a sample of the primer he recommended me and he said okay I'll be right back. And then he leaves for give minutes and NEVEER CAME BACK. WTF. He seriously sucks because he saw me waiting for his ass. So I just decided to put back my lip stain and leave. That was terrible. Usually Sephora workers are helpful!
4	My girlfriend and I stopped in here while we were waiting for our table at Gordon Ramsay BurGr (http://www.yelp.com/biz/gordon-ramsay-burgr-las-vegas#hrid:8hu0T6Fy6UXkQRU87KVAoQ). I have to admit, I don't do much shopping here because I don't wear too much make up and the make up I do purchase is usually bought online from Saks. I use the same old product each time so it's easy to purchase what I need and when I need it. I've been running low on my tinted moisturizer and I was very pleased to find out that this store actually carries the Laura Mercier make up line that I use. I'm not sure if it's typical for them so this is how out of the loop I am. LoL  I've also been looking for a foundation with a little more coverage so sought out help by one of the associates. I'm pretty lame when it comes to make up so was a little worried when a gentleman came to my aid.  But, he ended up being great and helped me select a foundation that matched perfectly. I picked up both products and put the foundation to use later that night.  The foundation was a little heavier than I'm used to but it provided great coverage and didn't make me look too made up. I'll probably use this for going out and not every day wear but something I'll definitely use. The service was so great here that I might do more shopping at Sephora's in the future.
4	Great service, numerous products and fair prices.I dropped by right before closing and was elated that the staff was kind enough to help me find the correct color of concealer for my skin. The gal who helped me took her time and applied it correctly while no one else seemed to be in any rush either. It put me at ease knowing that I wasn't hindering them in any sense and they wanted my business. I am a HUGE fan of Sephora in the first place but I would have to say that this is by far my favorite location. Needless to say I walked out with 4 different products (only came in for one) and was handed a couple samples to try out. I will keep coming back!
5	This is the Best place for cosmetics, hair & facial products...Absolutely love Sephora. Helpful employees & they always have new products coming in. Very fair return policy if you are unsatisfied with any of their products. Fun location & one of my favorite stores!
5	I stopped by just to spend some hard earned gambling money and I was pleasantly surprised. The store is pretty big and has a decent sized section for hair products. The store was really organized and everything was neatly placed. But I really want to just leave this review for Ashley who was super helpful and resourceful without being too pushy. She was really sweet and helped me pick all the right items.
5	I gave this Sephora a not great review a while back, and after visiting over the weekend, I felt like an update was in order.The staff greeted me as soon as I walked it and didn't ignore me while I shopped. There were plenty of employees even though the store was busier than I've seen it in a long time.I had a makeover by Alanna, and she was knowledgable and skilled. Had lots of compliments from my girlfriends that night!The Sephora at Venetian still wins out based on sheer size, but if you're on the south end of the Strip, no need to schlep it up to Venetian for a good Sephora fix.
5	Had a great experience here with customer service, and stock availability! Couldn't have asked for a better experience, there was ample staff to help advise, find, and show new and great products. I left with far more than what I had planned for and am loving all the products I bought!
5	Everyone in here is always so friendly when I come in. Always ask if I need help and make sure I get the right match of makeup for my skin
5	After hiring a make up artist for my wedding that was such a disappointment, I went by Sephora to pick up a roll on perfume for fun time on my honeymoon night...when i explained why one lash was coming off and why the make up was pealing around my neck....the amazing staff at Sephora felt so bad for me that they helped me transform into glamour...so grateful to all of their wonderful people.
5	Sephora is definitely one of my favorite places to shop, and this is one of my favorite locations. It is in the Miracle Mile right next to BurGR. Sephora is expensive, yes, but great makeup is worth spending for -- facial skin is super sensitive! This particular store is a little smaller than most Sephora stores, but that only means that they are usually stocked with most of the most popular and best selling items on the floor! Actually, I called in advance to find a product and they pulled it out of the back just so we could purchase -- even though it was going out the next morning. Here, they really care about their customer service :) All you need to do is ask! Don't forget to be a beauty insider! ;)
5	Last Sunday, I had my makeup for my wedding done at Sephora.  I love Sephora, and the fact that I could get my wedding makeup done for FREE if I spent $50 on products is amazing.  I would have spent $150 to $200 for a wedding makeup artist anywhere else.  Why spend that kind of money and have one day to show for it, when I could buy products to use later and have my makeup done at no charge?   It's an excellent value.  My makeup artist (I didn't catch her name) did an excellent job.  I am sensitive about my eyes and they twitch whenever anything comes near them. Despite this, she still made my eyes look amazing.  I have never felt so pretty in my life as I did after my makeup and hair was done.  While doing my makeup, she explained to me what she was doing, why, and how to replicate it myself at home.  I picked up some really good pointers, and finally found a foundation that works for me.I really enjoyed my experience and I highly recommend it.  The people at Sephora are always great.  There are so many choices for makeup.  I always feel like a kid in a candy store when I go there.  The customer service is excellent, the staff knowledgeable, and you can always ask for a sample.
1	I took my great experiences and service from other Sephora stores around town, for granted, and I didn't realize so until I stopped by this one. I'm a local who works retail and customer service also, so I know what to expect.. I was looking to get a foundation but I couldn't figure out which exact color/style Makeup Forever foundation samples I had received last time at another Sephora store, so I stopped by this one to maybe get some help. A man working there did ask me what I needed then asked one of the Sephora associates to service me. I let her know I was in a hurry but I just needed to figure out which of two different Makeup Forever foundations I had wanted to get, and that I'd be back to buy it after trying out the two samples. She, unlike this wonderful lady Gina who had helped me at another Sephora - could not match my skin tone to the brand! And barely even tried. She even used the makeup ID machine and everything and wasted a lot of time trying to show me other things when I had told her again I was set on Makeup Forever, I liked the foundation and shade I had tried out previously I just couldn't remember which one it was. She acted like there was nothing she could do about trying to find out my shade. So I told her ok I think it was either of these two shades, can I just get one sample from either type of foundation in that shade I guess. I had told her I don't want to try it on but she still tried to put some on my face without warning, I had to tell her again no thank you, Im pretty sure it might be this shade, if not I'll still be able to try it and use it as reference. I'll just try them on later at home so if I could just get some samples. She got in a huff and grabbed a completely different shade that was far too dark for me and gave me some miserable samples of each.. later on at home I didn't even have enough to apply on my whole face. After she handed me the samples I thanked her and glanced at her name tag that said Danielle. I almost feel like it said Danielle K, but I am not 100 percent sure since this was two months ago. She told me her name was something else and that she was wearing someone else's jacket... hmm, interesting. Since when do people wear someone else's name tag? I've never been so disappointed by my service at a Sephora. She was very rude and didn't really seem to care to listen to what I wanted and needed. And I have the suspicion that she tried to lie to me about her name. If she really isn't Danielle I wouldn't want Danielle to have to face the heat from a negative yelp review.. this lady was tall, darker complexioned and had a mole on her face. I won't be returning to this Sephora again, even though I frequent the Planet Hollywood mall often and have even seen the associate walking through in passing. Awkward!
4	I stopped by the Sephora in the Miracle Mile Shops in Las Vegas to kill a little bit of time while the hubby gambled nearby.  Surprisingly it wasn't as packed as I thought it would be being that it was black Friday.  This store is a bit smaller than the one I'm used to in Sacramento's Arden Mall.No one helped me in particular but it didn't really matter since I knew exactly what I was looking for.  The store was well stocked and was pretty clean, and checking out was fast.  Would probably stop by again if I needed anything to do with makeup while out and about in town.
4	Great store!  Helpful employees willing to go the extra mile. Came in for a pale pink lip gloss or chapstick type lip color & a re-up on my favorite mascara.  The lady, who was very knowledgeable, walking me around to different lip colors in slightly different textures while testing each one on the back of her hand.  Then directed me to the mascara I wanted.  Bada bing, bada boom!  DONE. Every shopping visit should go like this... flawless.  Too bad I didn't bring any of the several giftcards I've been hanging onto, hah.
