3	Upon entering, this place takes the initial feel of a sports restaurant, with so much team paraphernalia draped throughout the place. They have a pretty big bar area with a good selection of brews & pretty good tv viewing. While the atmosphere inside invokes a large sports restaurant, the outdoor patio area is relatively small but you'll always be in the shade.The wings aren't anything spectacular & I'm not sure how they won best wings in Charlotte by Creative Loafing. Nevertheless, they do have tons of sauce choices, but the prices are really unreasonable. If you aren't going there with a large group that all want wings, then expect to pay quite a bit per wing. For me, the wing quality just doesn't equal the price you pay. So the wings are better than average, but you can find plenty of places serving better ones for cheaper.Other than the wings, the other menu items are actually pretty good too. From slider burgers, to wraps, you can usually find something you're in the mood for, & I really haven't had anything I wasn't happy with. But once again, I just think the prices are a little steep for the quality of food you're getting. So overall, I'd say Wild Wings is a nice retreat to watch a game or grab a brew, but make sure you go with a beefy group to order the wings in bulk, or else expect a pricey tab at the end of the night.
3	This place is just okay. It's your typical sports bar, nothing phenomenal about the food or ambiance, but it gets the job done when you want to drink beer, watch football and down some wings. The one positive it has going for it is that they serve VERY oversize salads that are really good. It seems as though it's missing something; I can't really put my finger on it. But it feels as though it could be so much more if just a little more effort and care were put into this place.
2	Blah.  You would think or expect a bit more with how hard it is to find a parking spot.  I was expecting a packed house... nope.  The wings are not good.  Sauces are, but the wings are small.  Price was fair but this place was just a little too rough/mean for me.
4	Finding Wild Wing Cafe when I moved to Charlotte from Orlando in 2004 was a blessing.  I was a regular at Florida's Ale Houses and missed their Zingers (chicken fingers smothered in hot sauce that you can't find just anywhere).  Wild Wing Cafe was the only place in Charlotte that came close.  WWC has over 30 sauces to choose from -- mild to "wild!"  My favorite sauce?  Jo Jo's Red Dragon Wing.  It's sweet and spicy.  And when I feel daring, I order the China Syndrome sauce...but pay for it the next day.  Oh well...  Live in the moment!  The prices for their apps and entrees (sandwiches, wraps, salads, wings, fingers, etc.) are fantastic.  Top it off with a beer on special and you've got yourself a cheap night out!   David's Chicken and Friends (diced chicken, hot sauce, bacon, cheese, and ranch dressing on top of nachos) on the appetizer menu makes a great entree to take small bites from occasionally when you're sitting with friends drinking beer.   And for you health conscious people, they have "chicken feathers," which are unbreaded, grilled chicken fingers dipped in sauce -- also a tasty treat!  (But you have to order an extra side of sauce -- for 50 cents! -- because the "feathers" don't hold onto the sauce like the regular fingers do.)Now onto the bad...  In the past few years, this Wild Wing Cafe has lost their liquor license 2 or 3 times (I've lost count).  For a place you go for wings and beer...that's not good.  Wings with Diet Coke just isn't the same.  And this resulted in server turnover...and poorer service from the new recruits.  Hopefully they're getting their act together and will revive WWC to the fun place it once was.  Also, parking here is a nightmare.  There's one small parking lot which usually fills up quick.  You're better off parking on the street into Ayrsley or in the lot across the street.  All in all, WWC is a fun, inexpensive, good-tasting place to go for a casual meal with friends.  Be sure to check out their website for a listing of nightly specials.  Especially on Tuesday nights when they have "Buy a Dozen, Get a Dozen Wings Free!"  And don't forget the sports events and live music throughout the week!
1	Ever hear the statement, "If their bathrooms aren't clean nothing else is"Wow were these bathrooms trashed.  Not just dirty, but over the top off.  This is just a cheap, dirty place.  As a sports bar I give it a 1 maybe 2 stars.  Tube TVs?  Are you serious?  Almost all of them were tubed... hello?  Welcome to the 90s.Food is a 1 but I guess it depends on how much you drank.Service was bad, and I mean bad.  The server even said so, which kind of made up for the bad part of it, but still... it was bad.I find it kind of interesting that the server comes over with a leg brace on and freely tells us that it was due to a slip and fall in the kitchen.  Shocker... I honestly just can't see any of my friends ever pulling me back into this place.  Parking-SuckedBathrooms-SuckedService-SuckedTVs-SuckedFood-Sucked (but was probably the best part, and it still sucked)EEEK...
3	Go with a group and split a couple of wing samplers. Their hottest wings are called the "Bravehearts". They'll definitely make your lips tingle, but I've had spicier food. It's a great place to meet for a drink, with the buzz of Ayrsley all around.  It's nothing worth driving across town for, and frankly there are plenty of more interesting restaurants nearby. But if you're looking for a beer and some bar food, this place will fit the bill.
5	WWC is our weekly hangout. A friend bought his house nearby specifically because it's within stumbling distance of a bar. This bar.I've been here probably 30 times in the last six months, usually on Tuesday night when they have their "buy a dozen, get a dozen free" special. (It's also good on the "buy 8, get 8 free"!) Clue: the specials are not available to go, but you can have them delivered to your table and immediately ask for a box. Beer specials are usually a choice of one or two different bottled beers for a discount and maybe a special draft. Tuesday has been $2.50 Corona/Corona Light night for at least six months.The wings are very good. Meaty and well cooked with enough sauce (choose from 33 different sauces from "virgin" all the way up to "Braveheart"). "Boss" is my favorite. They recently introduced a new menu with more pub grub items like quesadillas and different burgers, even ribs. Trust me, you want to stick to the wings.As said elsewhere, parking is a bit of a pain if you get there during peak hours. Don't park in front of the nail salon or the dry cleaners when they're open - they will tow you quickly. There's a lot across the street. And yes, the bathrooms can sometimes get a little out of hand. This is one of those times it's good to be a dude. ;-)Every so often, they have a live band. Sometimes they're pretty good. Most of the time, however, they are entirely too loud. I know I'm old, but I'm not that old. I am here to hang out with friends and eat chicken and drink beer. Not shout at them. It was so overpoweringly loud once, I had to write my order on a napkin for the waitress. Maybe the management will get a clue and notice how the place empties out when the noise begins.
5	Some of the best wings in Charlotte.  The buffet lunch is a bit pricey but very good.
1	I have been to the WW in Asheville I Guess more than 30 times always great food service and drinks. BUT... there is something about The WW At this location and one other it seems like it must be KFC.     IT all started about 230pm I guess I had passed by this location a few times but, decided to stop. They had a all u can eat wing and soup I think (I am trying to forget). FIRST THE SERVER DID NOT HAVE A CLUE. So I get to the buffet line 4 dried out wings and no soup. I stopped 2 employees and asked about the food they looked at me like I was from MARS...I and I guess 4 people waited for wings nothing came out. I LEFT 3 dollars on the table for the tea and was out of there. I CALLED THE PLACE a few moments later and spoke with a bartender who sounded like he was on crack that said he was 'in charge right now"HE kept repeating over and over what I was saying so there must have been some sort of medication... issue so I hung up.          I called their Corp office and spoke with "David" who said he was a district manager he said the bartender should not have been in charge and laughed about it   ????After he tried to sweep it under the rug he invited me to another location and told me it would be better and after about 3 weeks sent me a letter with a gift card..         So after about a month I was stuck in traffic pulled off and decided to give then one more chance... NOT goin to go into the terrible service while there you can message me if anyone wants details.. Anyway got wings to go got home opened the bag and a ROACH CRAWLED OUT DAMM. !!!!!! I called the CORP GUY and he said there is no bugs in that store...I ASKED HIM THEN WHAT JUST CRAWLED OUT A CHICKEN WING? Again he invited me to the location on Ardslye his FLAGSHIP LOCATION NOT ANY BETTER I GAVE UP ON WILD WINGS IN THIS AREA
2	We arrived in Charlotte after driving from Raleigh and were desperate to watch the Yankees win the world series.  Our hotel was near the airport so they recommended Wild Wing as a decent sports bar.  So off we went on a 20 minutes drive to eat and watch the game.   Yes, it is a sports bar.  Yes, it has multiple monitors.  That satisfied our baseball viewing requirement.  How was the ambiance?  It was a sports bar. It was COLD.  It was fairly loud, but didn't feel intimate in the least.  The high ceilings and decor probably doesn't help in that area.   The food?   Just okay.  Wings were so-so.  Onion rings were kind of gross (actually it was the puddle of grease under them in the plastic bowl they came in).  We got a heaping pile of BBQ chicken nachos that was kind of disgusting too.  I got a bowl of the white chicken chili that was decent.   You know when you go out to eat and you can't help but devour food that you know is mediocre and really bad for you?  This was the situation.  My colleague and I both agreed we had just eaten some really bad food.      I am adding a star because when Hideki Matsui hit a home run, the whole bar broke out in a cheer....so for the fact that there were Yankee fans there, I have to upgrade my review.     My advice if you need to go here?  Get a designated driver and then drink so much you won't taste the food.  Make sure your health insurance is paid up....
3	Good wing bar for lunch... when they keep it full, and add the little extras like chips or seasoned fries. The best part is when they surprise you with the "Flavor of the Day" at the wing bar... yet those only come in bone-out nuggets. The other standard flavors come in either bone-out or bone-in. All-You-Can-Eat for a good price.
5	Wings were great, beer was cold and they are about to start using Team Trivia on Tuesday Nights!!!
2	This place is pretty uninspiring.  I feel like you can make anything edible with the magic buffalo sauce - but this was still pretty lame.  They have some all you can eat wings and tots bar during lunch, but I did not partake.  Next time I have a chicken craving I will probably hit up Chick-fil-a or Zaxby's instead!
3	I'm on a never ending quest to find good wings in Charlotte so I was surprised I didn't visit this place sooner. It reminded me of a Buffalo Wild Wings knock off but luckily I love BW3's so that's a good thing. It was quieter than I expected when I went on a Saturday night (especially quiet for a football night) but again, thats a good thing. Efficient service which was appreciated seeing we were going to catch a movie right afterwards. I found at these types of places you sometimes have to flag your server down which definitely wasn't the case here. There was a decent crowd but you could definitely carry on a conversation, watch a variety of games and enjoy the food. Speaking of which, I was pleased with the wings --I got the Gold Rush flavor which is a semi hot honey bbq and the sauce was tasty and the wings weren't all fatty how some other places are.All in all, a good place to get some grub, have some cold ones and watch some ball. From reading the other reviews, I need to hit this place up on the Buy 12, get 12 wing night!
3	First of all its so loud in there you have to yell for your waitress to hear anything you are saying. Secondly, the waitresses shorts were wayyyyyy too short for me. I didn't order wings for whatever reason. Instead I got a sampler that had mini hot dogs, mini chicken sandwiches, and mini burgers with fries. It was OK but I've had better. The bathroom was not the cleanest and I have serious issues with nasty restrooms in restaurants.
1	I used to love going to Wild Wing Cafe in college back in Charleston. I have tried the Wild Wing in Ayrsley 3 times and each time I say to myself, never again! After this last time, I had to write a review and vow that I would not give them another chance. The wings were cold and the bathrooms were dirty as usual. The whole place just feels gross. Go somewhere else for wings!
1	This was about my third trip to Wild Wing Cafe. I had been before for lunch and often their all-you-can-eat-wings-and-tater-tots-bar. It was, at best, meh. Today I decided I would forgo the sticky-hands experience of wings and order some boneless wings. Or as they call them here, "nuggets". They had a sampler platter... choose 5 wings or nuggets of 5 flavors  - 25 wings for around $20. I wanted to try several flavors so I went with that. I would bother to remember the flavors I tried, but it hardly matters: In a word - Sucked. In two words - They sucked. In case I'm not being clear - All 25 of these boneless chicken nuggets sucked big-time. The flavors ranged from salty to oh-my-God-but-that-is-salty. . But, not one to turn away food in front of me, or send something back, I did eat about half of them, but that stopped once I ran out of ranch dressing and blue cheese to liberally coat these disturbingly scrotum-like "nuggets".
3	The place isn't that bad.  There's a huge sauce selection for the wings and if you ask, they'll put the sauce on darn near anything you order.  Want some parmasean garlic sauce on your burger?  Not a problem here.  The beer selection is plentiful and comes to your table ice cold which is always nice as well.  The biggest pitfall is trying to find parking.
3	Had lunch here today. At best, it's alright. I wouldn't want to rush back here anytime soon though. Typical American food (check), loud atmosphere (check), average waiters (check).
3	Good service, good food.  Only gave it three stars because they don't give you enough dressing for the wings, then charge you 50 cents for a second one and two something for Ice tea..  Got the cherynobyl wings.  They were hot.  She warned me, tried to talk me out of it.  I like it that way, so they were good.
4	I'm not a huge fan of the service at this location, but I'm in love with the Flaming Parmesan wings and there are so many games going on that the so-so waitstaff isn't a distraction.
2	There are a few positives: the wings are (usually) good, there is a pretty good variety of beer at reasonable prices, and there is live music on Fridays.Beyond the above-mentioned things, I can't find any more positives.  I used to go to here regularly but due to poor service and inconsistent food quality, I have become a more and more infrequent customer.  With several other newer sports bars in this area, I would expect Wild Wing would step up their operation. They haven't.
4	I like Wild Wing Cafes in general. They have a great beer selection and always have great music. The food is pretty good as well.The only downfall to this location is parking. If you are going on the weekend, plan to have a very difficult time finding parking.  People who plan these complexs need to tak inter consideration the occupany of all the business that are going to be there!
1	Never again.UGH...I absolutely hate giving bad reviews. I mean, there always has to be something good about the food or experience...to act as a saving grace to the review. So to be fair, I would have given this place at least 2 stars because our waiter was very attentive and they had a live band Saturday night which was awesome. However...here is where they lost the star...my food literally made me sick. I opted for the turkey burger and fries and it didn't look appetizing but I figured not to judge a book by its cover. It came out on a multigrain bun, lettuce, raw red onions and chipotle mayo.I can only describe the taste as bland and rubbery. Very unappetizing. To top it off the fries were not crispy or hot, so that was very bad as well.The longer I sat there the more my stomach began to hurt and I ended up paying for the meal all night.Not good, and I don't see any redeeming qualities and I have no plans on going back.
3	Removing two stars for limited parking area and poor service. -Long wait for appetizers -Served food without providing any plates-The food was not hot just warm
2	I came here for a friends happy hour bday event. It was okay but honestly I wasn't all that impressed. The wait staff was mediocre and the food that was laid out was okay but I've had better bar food. The drinks were decent and their beer selection is decent but overall I wasn't really impressed with the place. Parking is limited and really a pain so be aware of that as well.  The location is convenient to my work but overall I don't think I'll be coming here again unless a friend insists.
3	I liked this better than Buffalo Wild Wings. I had the grilled chicken feather with Spicey Asian marinade. It was simply really good food . Great spot for lunch. Too bad the parking is limited.
2	I had the turkey burger and it was okay. I was turned off by the brown lettuce on sandwich. The waitstaff is rude and it took forever for our food to come out. Also the parking is terrible! I had to drive around for about 10 minutes just to find a park.
2	Well I thought everything was fine until I realized they screwed me over. I went in at lunch, ordered wings and fries and then after I was finished found out there was a wing special that was cheaper and included a salad. The bartender "forgot" to tell me. The card she then handed me with the special was so old and torn up. This is not a new special. Make sure you ask. Otherwise they are just trying to run up your ticket.
4	Helpful staff, Great lay out and Beautiful Asian American Waitress. Oh yeah, they have decent food and decent beer.
5	Best wings in the area.  I usually prefer buffalo style, but their Jalapeno Cheddar are excellent.  I also prefer drums over flats and they do not charge extra for all drums.  The variety of wings is staggering.  If you can't find a wing flavor you like here, you probably should not be eating wings.  We have tried many different flavors:Medium, Hot, Atomic, China SYndrome, Ragin Cajun, Gold Rush and of course... dun dun dun.... Braveheart!  All were very good to excellent.  The Bravehearts are aptly named... they are ONLY for the brave at heart.  I like spicy but these bad boys are the hottest wing I have ever eaten.My son and I had a challenge to see who could eat more - I won!!  3-2.  I'm so glad he didn't eat another.  4 wasn't in me!As Bruce K. said, go on Tuesday.  Its busy but the buy 10 get 10 free is an awesome deal.The place is quite busy on Tuesdays but service keeps up.  Oddly, Saturday's seem to have bad service.  We have been 3 times on a Saturday afternoon where the restaurant has not been crowded any of those times.  ANd, the service has been sub-par every time.  Orders taking too long, orders wrong.  So, we just avoid Saturdays now.Go for the wings!
4	Absolutely the best wings and service. Waitress was not annoying, food was fast. Wings are crispy and baked with one of many flavor choices. The meat inside is juicy. I could not have asked for a better dining experience aside from the obnoxious meatheads screaming and yelling at TV screens.
3	Looks like every other wild wing nothing special. Decent staff they are nice and keep track of you. Beer menu needs some work they only have one local. Menu is the same as other locations. Great for wings and they usually get you right in. Parking really sucks though it's right and not a lot of them.
3	We visited 2 times during a 2 week business trip.  We had a rule of no repeats, but it was so good the 1st time we gave it another go.  The 1st trip was a friend/coworker,  a 3rd party coworker, a friend from the area who joined us later, and me.  We shared drunken shrimp, chipotle jolt and thai wings, sliders, and an order of nachos. The food was great, the wings was spicy and flavorful. The sauce in the drunken shrimp was a beer marinade that you could almost drink straight it was so good.  I had several cherry limeade vodka drinks.  On our 2nd trip, my friend and I returned the day of the Panthers playoff game. We literally spent the entire day/night there, it was so much fun.  Our food was disappointing this time however.  We had a dip sampler and the only good dip was the hot spinach dip.  The waitress brought us the cold one first, but then corrected the order.  The queso was mediocre and the buffalo chicken dip was just gross.  We also ordered a tomato basil flatbread that was terrible.  We had an amazing one at BlackFinn a few days before so we were disappointed by this one which was simply some cheese slapped on a tortilla. However, we relocated from the table to the bar, enjoyed the atmosphere and our many, many drinks, and had a really good time despite the disappointing food that day.
3	Made 2 stops here while in Charlotte for business.  First stop was pretty good.  Ordered a bunch of things and shared.  Oh and wings are bogo free on Tuesdays! Wings -thai and ragin cajun or something-5 starsdrunken shrimp-5-these are a must!  Great bread for dunking! mile high ult nachos-5 great amout of toppings for chips.slider sampler-peeps, litttle b's and bbq pork slidesrs-42nd trip was during a big game day-Panther's in playoffs (sorry panthers) so the place was jam packed!!  We expected this.  We started a tab at the bar until a table was ready and had to stand.  okay by us.   Then got a table maybe 1.5 hours later.  Again ordered more stuff to share.flatbread pizza tomato basil-1-horrible excuse for pizza. Elios is better.dip sampler-spinch dip which first came out cold when we ordered it hot-3buffalo chix dip-1 (be ashamed of your self Wild Wings for not knowing how to make a good  buffalo chix dip? Really)chile con queso-2-sucked but not as awful as the buff chix dip.Quesadilla-3  Good thing worked paid for the food however we still aquired 160.00 bar tab!  Stick with wings and nachos here.   And don't forget the drunken shrimp!
4	Second time eating here, both times were positive.  I go here for wings and have had wings at most places in Charlotte.  I would rate these as some of the better overall wings in town.  They are bigger than Hooters and Buffalo Wild Wings product.  The sauce selection is nice. I got the medium hot and Pad Thai last time.  Didn't like the Thai, tasted like peanut sauce and not much else.  I was hoping for more of a spicy hot and sour flavor like BWW's Spicy Thai but whatever.  The medium were good but not buttery enough for a buffalo sauce.  Tonight I had the Spicy Parmesan and Lime Sriracha.  The Parm are awesome, very tasty and juicy.  My fav so far.  The Sriracha weren't that great.  The deep fried mushroom appetizer was actually really good, best I've had in awhile.  The batter was on point.  Service was good, the girl was friendly and attentive however we were at the booth right next to the server station so that may have helped.  Service the first visit was also good, very friendly guy.  I didn't notice any long wait times like other reviews mentioned but we were there at slower times.  The parking here does suck but you can find a few extra spots near the gas station up the hill.  This place is very open inside and can get kinda loud with crying infants and "loud" people in larger groups.My criteria for wing places are:-Good sized wings, no mini wings-Fryer prepared, not just grilled or oven baked-Good sauce selection, flavor, and applicaiton (enough sauce to drip off is nice)-Not overcooked and too hard-Offers all drums or flappers if you ask-Good Blue Cheese dressing and allows all carrots (no celery)-Decent prices-Easy atmosphere, decent area of town, friendly staffI think this place fills all of those points.  I plan to keep coming here unit something changes.
2	I have been to many Wild Wing Cafes throughout the southeast and love the food!  Charlotte, NC is where I currently live, and we have a Wild Wing within convenient distance from our home which we have patronized for several years.  For the third time today, I have said that due to the unacceptable level of service here, I won't be back.  Does anyone at corporate have a clue?  This place is failing miserably and some drastic action needs to be taken to save this restaurant.  Wake up people!  I don't want to lose my Wing place!!!!!
2	The boneless wings are terrible. Food is mediocre at best and prices are definitely not worth it. Won't be going back!
5	Me and my two kids came for late lunch to enjoy the wonderful chicken wings. It was not our first visit , although it's been a while. Our waitress Suzanne was very pleasant ,helpful and quick. We have definitely enjoy the time. Thank your.
4	Great Atmosphere ,  Great Wings what more do you need.  I am a frqent flyer at buffalo wild wings and my personal opinion is that Wild Wing Cafe beats them by a long shot!  I went on a Tuesday night with a few girlfriends,  it happened to be half off night and also bingo night.  So much fun! Wild Wing Cafe is located on a street full of "best in town wing spots" and from the few I've tried this is the best place yet!   Definitely will be returning again!
2	Well, I've eaten here plenty of times and the last 2 times....I don't know what happened. I love wings and hopefully this place will be my goto spot..BUT last 2 times I ordered....the wings had hardly any seasoning on them. The waiter actually brought more seasoning out to the table....really!!!?? And what happened to the size? I don't eat large wings, I like them normal medium size. I did not enjoy it at all, spoke to the manager who confirmed they used a different vendor for the chicken and thats why they were larger....the guy at the next table chimed in and said yeah...I noticed that too!Will give this location another chance....there are other locations
4	On Sunday afternoon, I walked down here. I decided on the Crispy Chicken sandwich, which I requested to be made non-spicy. My meal arrived just as I wanted, piping hot and fresh. My server was very attentive. I'll come back.
4	I like coming here before/after the movies since the theater is right there and whenever I want some wings. I like their fries/wedges also. The servers are nice. They can be slow sometimes. This one time it seems like our waitress had forgotten that we hadn't payed yet because she took a while and it was annoying because my sisters and I were going to see a movie afterwards. My two favorite wing sauces are red dragon which is sort of spicy and raging Cajun which I don't think is spicy. Just by writing this review I'm craving it now..
1	Shouldn't even get a star b/c I usually get to go a lot and evidently you must need a masters degree to add extra celery now b/c I get it all the time and they told me I couldn't have it and one one my orders was wrong and b4 I could place another order the girl was pretty much done w/me. They need to hire people w/some common sense and stop hiring people who acted like they just got off the party from the night b4. When I called to tell them about them messing up my order the girl didn't even get my name or even care to apologize to me. Won't go back for a while.
3	I only come here when friends want a run-of-the-mill wings and beer to watch a big game. The food isn't bad but it isn't great. The wings are fine but a little pricey, and if you've been to Wild Wing Cafe or Buffalo Wild Wings, then you know what to expect.  In my opinion, for good wings at a good price, just go a couple miles down the road to Wing King Cafe, a more "local" bar atmosphere.  However, I was pleasantly surprised by the individual television screens at some of the booths there. 3 of us shared a booth with screen which made it pretty convenient to watch the game and chat at the same time. Servers were nice but nothing spectacular.
3	Been going here for 4 years.. Going downhill fast.  Poor service, dirty and food quality has gone way down.  Stopped in today.  Bathrooms were dirty,  service was slow and food was not what it used to be.  The "new" items on the menu were "new" 4 years ago.
3	The lunch buffet is small but it stays fresh and hot. So a good choice for lunch. Evening and weekend the service will be hit or miss. If it's during a sporting event the TV's will be blasting and food service seems slow.  Food quality is fine. There is a big sauce selection and chicken is available several different ways. Salads are good, cold, and fresh. I am getting hungry thinking about the food so we will be checking in this week.
