5	Awesome staff, Awesome rooms, Awesome Location and Awesome Rates!Im glad that we were able to find this place in Scottsdale! After a long road trip from our four corners states we stayed here for one night. Walking into the lobby was nice and clean. The lady that help us was pleasant and helpful. We got our room on the second deck and their room key access was kinda fancy, no swiping of the card but sensor key access. Inside the room: Nice! comfy beds thick comforters, remodeled bath ( but tiny ) a fridge, microrave, flat screen tv. Overall feel was clean and up to date. I was able to catch some NBA Eastern Conference finals between the Celtics and Heat ( game 7 ) in the comfort of our king size bed. There is a swimming pool outside for those hot summer nights. We also walked down to Old town Scottsdale which is right across the street from here for good eats and a walk to the art district of town. Also there are boutique stores and more resturants right around the corner from Howard Johnson.They serve continental breakfast in the morning which is worth it for your in for the budget. Bagels and cream cheese also an Apple juice is all I need.This is the best Howard Johnson stay we've stayed at. This is the best way to put it:A five star Howard Johnson
5	WOW......okay this might be a little winded but follow along. My wife and I travel quite a bit and its normal for us to do the red roof inn, best western and sometimes motel 6. we bypass the ultra fancy places preferring to spend our budget on resturants.    Okay so we were making plans to travel to Scottsdale and decided to check out prices on Priceline. We were looking in the 60-80 price range which in the hot summer gets you a little better than Red Roof. But oh the crappy reviews everywhere. so then we run across this jem listed @ 34.00 bucks a night. normally even on a budget this price screams "run down-run away" But the reviews told a different story. So believing the reviews we took a chance and booked the room. First impression was our call to the front desk to reserve the room. Donna took our reservation and was so friendly and nice it almost seemed wrong. the kinda of friendliness that says "hey I am buying a ferrari for cash.These guys love me. Yeah serious that kinda of friendly. And it was the same on check in. Never.......... and in almost any interaction with people who work with the public have we been treated so well. Andrew also at the front desk actually brought menus to our room after we called to see who delivers in this area. ...   The Manager truly cares about the travelers who stay here and has made sure her empolyess are the very best in customer service and its a total pleasure. The service is so good the place could have been a shit hole and we woulld have been happy. Yeah its that good. But rest assured the place is exceptionally nice. Most places that we stay if you get a No Smoking Room" all thats seems to mean is recently No smoking" The smell of old smoke in the carpets and walls. Well not here. its all new. Carpet, paint. Beds everything. Super clean and smells awesome. And OH the beds......I can not even explain how soft and comfy these bed are.....No crappy thin pillows either....fat and fluffy........Was a total pleasure how quiet and laid back this place is......and I never call anyting perfect....but if the shoe fits.....super close to old town, good eats and bars everywhere...perfect.........So HONESTLY due yourself a favor dont be scared by the $34.00 price tag......just pretend its $60.00-$70.00 a night and you will be impressed. and best of all its really not.....
4	So we drove out here from Southern California, thought we got a great deal on the room for two nights (we did). The staff is friendly, the rooms are well-maintained and clean - comfortable beds, huge fluffy pillows (actually a little too huge for me), nice flatscreen TV. However, the AC unit kind of sounds like a jet engine, especially at night. A solution to this is to not run the AC unit at night, but then you hear the other people outdoors yelling at each other or on cell phones at 3AM...This Howard Johnson's is nicely situated in a good area. I'd recommend this to anyone who isn't a light sleeper :)
1	This place is new??? Dirty room, crappy breakfast. When I asked for a new pillow because I didnt like the thickness of mine (size of a cylinder block! 1.5 feet thick! Huge and uncomfortable pillows), they said "they're all like that. Put it between the matressed" and laughed thinking I would play along. I sat there unphased and angry and walked away unsatisfied. Also the Internet connection is atrocious! Never will stay here again!
2	Not recommended.I stayed here for three nights.  On one day, housekeeping decided not to clean my room.  I made the bed myself.  Garbage was not picked up.  Apparently, a rugby tournament takes place on the first weekend in December.  The players book up blocks of cheap rooms and party all night.  There was noise at 1:30 AM.  There was more noise at 2:30 AM.  There was even more noise at 3:20 AM.  The rugby players left garbage in front of room 218, which was not picked up for 12 hours.  Additionally, some of the rugby players vandalized my car.  I also saw one of the rugby players climb over the locked gate to go swimming at 6:30 AM, while I left early to go to the gun show.I will not be back.
4	Nice place.  Clean rooms and real nice area.  Would use and recommend it again.
5	Awesome Location, cheap rates and the hotel looks recently remodeled.  I typically stay at Hyatt, Hilton or Marriot Properties and I felt the inside of my room was similar.  I would stay here again and recommend it to my family and friends.
3	In terms of hotels, it should be noted that I generally stay in Hampton Inns, if that gives you perspective on my expectations--for around $100/night, I want a decent room, some form of breakfast included in the room rate, a desk and wifi, and usually parking.  Also, I have stayed in plenty of rooms at the Extended Stay America/Red Roof Inn tier, and when I don't travel with my wife, I'm happy to do that since she is a little pickier about hotels.That being said, HoJo in Scottsdale is a reasonable, decent, average room.  My desk and wifi have been fantastic; in fact, it should be noted that the wifi has been steady and secure, the only real requirement I had here as I had to work from this room two of the days of my stay.  It's on street level (window facing Indian Head) but quiet enough to make phone calls, also important to my work.The bed is fine, the pillows are fine, the clock radio is fine, the second sitting room-style chair is fine.  The room has a microwave and a mini-fridge, so that's a positive.  I wish my VIZIO TV had more HD channels, but I'm not watching much TV anyway.  I wish that my standing floor lamp worked, but the two other lamps work and the entryway lights work, so I'm good.  The shower head isn't attached quite right, so you get some spray when taking a shower; not a dealbreaker.Breakfast is average; not many choices.  But, I need fruit in the morning, and the granny smith apples have been good.  The Yoplait serving size is perfect, and if I wanted a muffin or an english muffin, they've got them.  Just don't go in expecting a big Hampton Inn-style hot breakfast with meats and a waffle maker and you'll be fine.  Besides, you just need something to get started and HoJo provides that.I am in the fourth of a five-day stay and I really don't have any complaints.  The location is pretty close to the heart of Old Town Scottsdale too, so you probably won't be spending much time in the room anyway!
4	Stayed for 2 nights, good value, comfortable, continental breakfast good, free wifi.Great location for Old Town where there is a great choice of bars and restraints so had a great night out. Not a bad pool either, so great to relax after climbing Camelback.
5	Clean, well-run, terrific location and price.  My son and I stayed here for a Spring Break/Spring Training trip.  We were driving all over the desert to catch ballgames and it was so nice to come back at the end of the day and walk around to find our dinner.
5	Stayed here during the Giants Spring Training. Nice clean room. Near the fun bars and only a ten minute walk to the stadium. Will definitely be staying here every year :-)
4	Other than the fact I booked a single king and got two doubles instead the place is nicely redone. The rooms were very comfortable and the location can't be beat. Walking distance to everything in old town scottsdale. Plus a free continental breakfast? Great deal. I will be back here again since all of the other hotels around are usually $200 or more. (Hilton Garden Inn is usually the cheapest of the higher up brands and it's right across Scottsdale Road).
5	Nice staff and very friendly Prices more than okay !Rooms spacey and cleanClose to many shops and bars
4	I usually get a room when I go out in Old Town and I know I will be drinking all night. Getting a DUI here is stupidly expensive. The price is perfect the rooms are very clean and pretty big. I was pleasantly surprised when I entered the room. This is always my go to I've stayed here 4 times over the last 2 years. But it is ALWAYS booked because I think others are starting to catch on to how cheaply priced the rooms are.
5	Nice staff, good location, room was clean, would stay again if visiting Scottsdale. So close to the strip of bars and restaurants. Walking distance!
4	Sometimes you don't really need all the pomp and circumstance of the other area hotels. Sometimes you just need a clean, simple, and comfortable place to sleep for a night or two. Besides, there is too much to be doing outside of the room in this area of Scottsdale. When I need to crash in Old Town Scottsdale, it will be here.
4	Great location! My friend and I were here for a couple of days, and this hotel was perfect.  Got a great deal on hotels.com. I read that the place was newly renovated. For the price, I was surprised at the room & service we got. Of course it's not a 5-star resort, so don't expect a spacious, luxurious suite...lol. It's just a basic room with a comfortable bed & a bathroom with a shower. (They got a microwave & fridge too, btw).  But hey, I'm not in town to hang out at my hotel room all day, ya know?  The rooms were clean, & had a flat screen TV with basic cable. They even have free WiFi.  Plus, the staff is super friendly & helpful if you have questions or need anything. A free continental breakfast is offered in the morning too, just to hold you over for a nice lunch at one of the many restaurants that are close by.  My friend and I basically did not need to drive anywhere. The fashion mall was pretty good walking distance, and the restaurants and bars were basically right at your doorstep (maybe a block or two depending on what you're in the mood for, but close by). Definitely staying here again whenever I'm in Scottsdale. =)
3	Wir waren auf der Durchreise und haben 5 Tage dort verbracht. Freundliches Personal, leider wurden die Zimmer nicht richtig gereinigt. Poolbereich war auch nicht gerade sauber.
1	It's not worth it! The breakfast is poor, the rooms are small, air condition too noisy, and Internet is slow. In addition, the customer service is not really friendly!! And no covered parking!! No more!
3	The good:-Really nice, remodeled rooms. -Mini fridge in the room.-Nice flat screen TV with cable.-Very close to alot of restaurants, shops and bars/clubs.-Quiet and clean. -Decent continental breakfast.The bad:-Hotel clerk checking us in was extremely unhelpful and rude. She literally ignored me when I asked her questions relating to check-in. -I was not told if WiFi was available and was not given the password.-Parking lot was unsecured and I was scared about the safety of my car. Fortunately nothing happened!-Parking lot was a little awkward to get in to coming from the west.Overall, I would definitely stay here again. I just wish they would train their staff or at least expect them to have some basic customer service skills.
5	Great location. Great service. Nice pool and hot tub. I enjoyed my stay here and will certainly stay again!
