5	One of the awesome things about Fruition is that it is proof positive that young people with a vision, a goal, and some business savvy can make, to be trite and cliche, their dreams a reality.  In the year and a half that Fruition's been operating, owners (and my friends) Chris and Samantha have built it from a store to a brand with a loyal following.  Focusing on vintage street wear, nearly anyone with an eye for unique fashion can find something that suits them inside the airy, funky digs on the corner of Flamingo and Maryland.   (Yep, right next door to Paymon's.)  With offerings from the 80s and the 90s, Chris, Samantha and their team of fashion connoisseurs stock the store with more urban funk than you can take in in one visit.  Find clothes from labels you're looking for to ones you've forgotten even existed (Cross Colors, anyone?)In addition to dressing a good portion of the city, Fruition's dressed a good portion of the entertainment industry (Kanye West sound familiar?  Fergie?  M.I.A?) and they keep making huge strides forward to get their name known.  Regardless of their huge success, Fruition stays a Las Vegas entity.  They support the Las Vegas arts scene by hosting art shows in their space, and have a sidewalk sale at the Epicenter every First Friday.  They are some seriously suave young people with some seriously suave clothing and some seriously stellar plans for the future.  Get in on the ground floor.
5	My GF wanted to check this place out on our recent trip out to LV. They have a wide selection of vintage clothing. The pricing is bit much for me but i guess that is the price to pay for to be funky. Great selection of old school kicks. The employees seemed so cheerful and eager to help out.
5	My review is better late than never.  I visited the store on Sunday during Memorial Day weekend 2K7.  Usually they  are closed on Sundays, but we happened to catch them and they graciously let us in.  Overall, the vintage wear was great, we were informed that we came right after Kanye West was done going through everything  (Ironically we saw him at Undefeated).  They also recommend stores to visit and they have it ready on a sheet with directions and everything, great idea.  Come here if you have style, bottom line.  Be back in 6 months on my next Sin City extravaganza.
5	My absolute gracious respect to Sam and the girls at Fruition. They are doing it right here. For guys they have lots of vintage tshirts and jackets, vintage Nike's and things like that. For girls they have great one of a kind dresses, vintage belts and scarfs, and endless amazing yummy things for girls to wear. I really believe these little shops are the future of Las Vegas and I'm so proud of them for being visionaries and working so hard to have a great store which I spend lots of $$ and happy to do it!
4	fruition has caught the eye of the streetwear industry with a twist of fashion and style. the whole vintage feel is is a good idea. there wasn't too much of a selection in my size, but the staff is friendly
3	I had stopped by the store on a recent trip to Vegas. I had heard a lot about it and I was looking forward to their vintage pieces for women, but it was mostly over priced cut and sew tube dresses and jeremy scott pieces.  The store definitely has a unique steez which I dig, but I guess it was just too over hyped for me.  The girl working that day was such a doll, but her over achieving customer service became an annoyance especially because her voice was so very helium like. I did find some pretty cool glasses and the guys collection was decent.
3	Being an absolute germaphobe, I never was comfortable with any kind of "pre-owned" clothing or  "antique" anything.  Because of this, I have to preface this review with the fact that I am just not into the whole vintage clothing thing. With that in mind, you can probably understand why Fruition is just not up my alley.  Place is stocked pretty much with all vintage pieces.  Most of the selection are vintage items revamped with a streetwear twist.  Overall, I have to say that everything has got a very 80's Fresh Prince style to it.  Some people can pull off this look...but I definitely can't.Being more of a Supreme/ALIFE kind of guy, Fruition just did nothing for me.  But if you personally are into the ultra-retro, 80's splatter paint, zig-zag look, Fruition is a must-see.  The place is a few blocks off the strip.  If you're vacationing, it's definitely a long 30-min trek there by foot...So plan on grabbing a cab.
5	I went here last year when I visited my friend. I love the atmosphere of this store. The vintage clothing is off-the-chain! The prices range from $40-$100 something depending on the quality. I bought my best friend a vintage nike jacket for about $50. He loved it! I wouldn't mind coming to this store again:)Oh and Samantha, one of the workers, is hot! haha!
4	I visited Fruition on my last trip to Vegas, after I had read the reviews on here about it.Let me tell you, it does not disappoint!The owner Samantha was working and the service was impeccable! She helped me when I asked and kept my little sister occupied, allowing me to shop just a little longer. She was very nice and her little dog was absolutely adorable. The dog was donning some vintage nonetheless! As for the selection, I will tell you I was very satisfied. It does not require you to dig through bins or anything of the sort. Everything was extremely neat and well organized. The pieces are in great condition.For the guys they have great t-shirts and jackets. For the girls they have even more of a selection.The only thing I would have changed was the amount of inventory. Though the pieces they have are all very nice, I wish they would have had just a bit more to choose from. I don't mean the next time I want to be digging through bins in here; I just wish they had a few more jackets and shirts for sale. Especially the brightly colored jackets - my weakness.Oh and I should mention that this is no cheap vintage store, so expect to pay for the quality. Though it wasn't unreasonable by any means.
5	I had heard about Fruition long before I actually went to check it out. Customers from the nearby Undefeated LV storefront will likely be directed here for some additional gear hunting.The moment you step inside, it's like walking back in time. Their collection is truly epic, and I found all sorts of gear that I used to wear well over a decade ago (maybe older than that). One item that blew me away was an original pair Nike Air Raids, "Peace" colorway. I had these kicks when I was younger, and it was pure nostalgia to see them again in the flesh. They were not in any condition to wear around (sneaker materials don't hold up so well over time), but they looked dope nonetheless.In addition to their vintage clothing, they sell a few designer creations (Jeremy Scott, and Dr. Romanelli when I was there last). The price tags speak louder than the outfits, and they are not for your typical streetwear bandwagon shopper.Overall, Fruition is a true niche clothing store, and stands out much farther than most others out there. It's worth the visit even if you don't walk out of the store with something in your hands.
5	You definitely have to give praise to the buyer of this store. I believe they could charge the prices they do because of how rare the products are. I personally have a hard time buying used stuff, but this store is a must if you are into thrift store shopping. I will be back just to check out all the vintage purses they find.
4	If you have money, this is the spot to get some sick retro and original vintage (80s/90s gear) t-shirts, jackets, hats, kicks, etc. from brands like Nike, Reebok, Fila, Adidas, Jeremy Scott, Dr. Romanelli, etc.Some of my USF friends' friends opened up this spot a few years back and they've sold a lot of gear to the likes of M.I.A., Kanye West, and more.The Dr. Romanelli x Nike track jackets they got here are sick ass hell, but for a $1200 price tag, all I gotta say is THAT'S TOO RICH FOR MY BLOOD.Some of their Jeremy Scott gear is pretty sick and original too, but also expensive.T-Shirts over here cost anywhere from $30 to $120 or so.  Jackets even more.New Standard Boutique is in the plaza across the street from here for all your modern and more mainstream street fashion gear aside from Stussy, Undefeated, Laced, and Workmen's over in Las Vegas.
5	Dope Rare Vintage Fashion. Their steez in clothing is soo different. From the clothing (tshirts, jackets, some jeans) to accessories to kicks all their items are limited and super rare extremely hard to find. If you have the money then this is pretty dope spot to go n splurge and not see it on someone else. I usually just buy a shirt or two but the women I usually go with love it when I take them there.The co-owner/worker (Samantha and Valerie) are nice and friendly; after a while of shopping there I never leave without having a good conversation with them.. They definitely know many people in the fashion industry; with collabs from stussy and dr romanelli-you know your in good company.RECOMMENDED!
5	Classic vintage clothing from the 90's! In Vegas?Much props, i feel like I'm back home in San Francisco thrift shopping around Haight St. It's clothes you'll see on Martin, and In Living Color.I believe the shop owner also owns UNDFTD a few blocks away, its right next to Stussy.
3	Fruition was ok. It seemed to be a 90's edition of American Aparrel (and American Apparrel is today's edition of the 90's! - Funny how that worked out huh?). There was nothing spectacular about this place. The set-up was nice and the clothes were in good condition but they seemed to be all guys' clothes? I didn't see much that looked like it was for females. I really wasn't expecting that. There also wasn't a large selection. Everything seemed very spacey and empty. I feel like they try to seem like there's more by adding props and patterns on the walls. Eh, I wasn't impressed...not bad at all but not great...
4	I am a habitual visitor on their website, fruitionlv.com. I think local San Jose skateboarder, Shaun Baptista, shared this little diamond dust with me when he was going through his Cazal sunglass hunt.I've been to Vegas three times this year. That's pretty ridiculous, especially for someone who has doesn't drink, gamble, and party (just a little). I do love the buffets, pools, and entertainment. Dare I say, THUNDER DOWN UNDER?I finally got the chance to be with someone with the same mindset as me, and was able to nudge her along with me to a visit outside the strip. We took a $17.00 (including tip) cab ride to this spot. A shoot? or interview was going on with who I can assume was the owner of the store. Two other employees, a cute girl and a styling male employee greeted me and engaged me in some conversation. He gave me a little flier with addresses of the neighboring boutiques (Undftd, Stussy, etc)Majority of their wares are vintage, from Chanel flats and bags, Gucci belts, Teddy bear Ralph Lauren sweaters to new items like Keith Haring by Jeremy Scott tees, Ambush skull rings, etc. Emphasis is very late 80's to early 90's.Take note, this store is only worth your while if you like the funky stylings of the Fresh Prince of Bel Air, looking for some vintage designer accessories, or BAWLING (cause you gonna spend hella $$$ and BAWL afterwards lol) otherwise the effort to drive or get a cab here (assuming you're not a local) may make you a bit sour.
1	Ugh. If you have the opportunity to visit Fruition in person, fine, great. Maybe their brick-and-mortar experience far outweighs their online experience. I live in San Francisco, so I only have the online experience to go off of. Verdict: Won't be shopping with these folks again. Thinking about the hassle I went through just to complete one (my first and last) transaction with them makes me not want to write this review. But I will. Because the masses need to know. The long and short of it is this: It took Fruition a month to get my order to me. They want to lay blame with USPS, and that's fine. To an extent. Sometimes, things happen out of your control. I get that. But you make a concerted effort to fix the situation, not a half-assed one. I've worked in the customer service industry before, so I know how important it is to avoid disgruntled patrons. And yeah, kowtowing to one person might *feel* like the most inane, spineless thing to do, but you do it because you're in a business that relies on repeat customers and good word-of-mouth. So how you, as a proprietor or store manager, feel about doing something doesn't negate what you *should* do about something. That said, the moment Nate knew something was afoot with my package and the USPS, should've been when he became proactive in resolving the matter. He should've high-tailed it to the post office, talked with an employee about the problem (I believe it was a postage due issue), and resolved it. Barring that, he should've been on the phone with me detailing his efforts and the current state of the situation. At the very least, he should've emailed me this information. Instead I got silence. Until I emailed. Until I called. Until I threatened to leave a negative review on every online site I could. That's when Nate called me and explained the situation. And this was two weeks after my order. At over three weeks in, I threw in the towel. I filed a claim with PayPal and requested a refund. And just two days shy of hitting the one month mark, my item finally FINALLY arrived. I've had Etsy items from Canada shipped regular post get to me faster than this. Vegas to San Francisco via USPS Priority Mail shouldn't take more than two days, three if there's a Sunday in between. In the end, I received my item, yes. But what's burned me on Fruition is the poor lack of communication with me throughout the whole ordeal. Basically, they're saying I'm not worth the time. Well, you know what? Neither are they.
1	bottom-line....bought from their website an"archival" gucci bag and discovered upon receiving it's FAKE! confirming for myself i know it's fake because the interior was straight vinyl - dark blue!!!! it's so embarrassing ,why should i bring it to a gucci boutique for authenticity or even carry it knowing it's FAKE! my heart dropped when i received my order.  i didn't even want to waste my energy with complaining disappointment because i should've known better and should of done more research purchasing from a used consignment store.  i just thought they would be reputable because on their online shop they have celebrities modeling their clothing.....but never again will i shop with them. if you want real authentic vintage jewelry or bags buy from boutiques like WGACA, Malleries, ect....
5	love walking into a boutique clothing store knowing that the clothes will actually fit my figure!! It's like having your own closet to pick and choose from.  I was also glad to be able to see this place in the flesh
1	If you are looking for selection and good prices go to Buffalo Exchange across the street which has 10 times the floor space.Fruition has only a small rectangular space, with a rather limited amount of clothes on display. Took less than 3 minutes to determine that our visit was a waste of time.
5	The prices here are pretty pricey but most of the selection is rare vintage pieces so it's understandable. I didn't even buy anything but I had to rate this place so high for their selection and customer service. Most high end type boutiques try to snob you and give you attitude or not even acknowledge you in the store which turns me off the store. But the customer service here was the complete opposite. I was greeted first thing at the door and just chopped up with the dude behind the counter like we were old friends. Made me feel very welcome opposed to other shops I've been to. Definitely gonna come back here next time I'm in Vegas hopefully with more money.
5	The SpotIn an unassuming strip mall storefront just a few minutes off of the strip, Fruition Las Vegas is so much more than a vintage shop. Fruition has just about the freshest collection of vintage streetwear and custom creations we have come across yet. Many vintage stores are packed to the rafters with racks of treasures and awesome odds and ends; but lack any distinct flavor or theme to tie it all together. In terms of the selection process at Fruition, we can only say that their standards for quality and style are high and that their curatorial eye is on point. What you get at Fruition is not simply an assortment of beautiful garments and accessories but a cohesive collection of fantastic pieces which all play off of each other, making the store as a whole so much more than it's individual parts.What's Really GoodThis isn't your average vintage shop, here, the attention to detail goes well beyond the clothes on the racks; it extends to the racks themselves, the art on the walls and even the publications available. Walking into Fruition is like walking into a living breathing lifestyle editorial. They only carry the freshest in fashion forward vintage gear (there's a paradox for ya). We can't say where they source their products, however, we can say that the proper research is done to ensure that the pieces are authentic. They have a great selection of vintage, but it's the brand collaborations and limited run custom pieces which truly stand out. The staff are great too. Obviously, they are super stylish but they are also friendly, knowledgeable and honest with their advice. All things considered Fruition has far more to offer than one might expect from their humble stripmall storefront.You'll Want to knowGetting past the distractions of the Las Vegas strip can be a bit of a task in itself. If you can pull yourself away from the slots for an afternoon, a trip to Fruition is like a stylish breath of fresh air when you're being smothered by the omnipresent douchebaggery.However there is one warning that you should keep in mind. You're gonna want to buy everything (thats not the warning) unfortunately, as is the nature of vintage and limited edition customized articles of clothing, they won't necessarily have a full size selection, so we advise you to take your time and try things on before you buy. On the other hand, Fruition's online shopping game is on point too. If taking the trip down to Vegas isn't in the cards, check out the online store. They ship worldwide ($7 for domestic shipping $25 for international orders).
