5	I can't say enough good things about Dr. Bowers and the staff at Johnson Ranch Animal Clinic. My beloved Ginger got sick and ultimately had to be put to sleep last week. Everyone was so wonderful to me and to Ginger. You can see that threy truly care about the animals. One of the vet techs even gave her a kiss on the head after completing her IV. As hard as this was for me, they all really made it as bearable as possible with such excellent care of me and my dog.
5	I've been taking my animals here for over two years now, and I couldn't be happier.  Dr Bowers and all of the staff have a genuine love of animals which definitely shows through in the care they provide.  They always take the time to make sure all of my concerns are addressed, and show love and compassion for my zoo.  Whether it's my most hyper dog or my shyest cat, they all receive the attention they need (and usually a treat or a kiss too!).  I'd definitely recommend this clinic to anyone looking for a new vet.
5	If you want the very best care and consideration for your pet, Johnson Ranch Animal Clinic is the place to go. Dr. Marc Schmidt is a gifted with the knowledge and passion for animals and the care they receive. His bedside manner is phenomenal and he truley cares about his clients. We love you Dr. Marc..............
5	What an impressive clinic! I still can't get over how well I (and my dog) were treated. Beginning to end the service was excellent. Dr Schmidt and the staff were very kind and thorough and never made me feel rushed. All my questions were answered and my dog responded quickly to the treatment provided. All this with a bill that didn't knock me over! I highly recommend Johnson Animal Clinic to anyone who want's to provide their furry family members with top notch care.
5	Dr. Bowers & Schmidt are fantastic, they are always attentive to when we bring our "kids" in and the staff is always so nice! Really happy with their services!
5	This was my first visit after moving to this area and it was so much more pleasant than I expected given I had an old cat  who had stopped eating, stopped grooming, obviously didn't feel very well and who hates being handled.  The place is clean, bright and the staff were wonderful with my old girl. Dr. Bowers is terrific and took pains to be very gentle in her examination of my cat.  In the process she found a small hernia in the cat's stomach and very gently manipulated it into place. They did blood tests and we discussed treatment and started an antibiotic just to deal with a possible infection.  The next day the doctor called and discussed blood test results and I told her my cat had started grooming and eating immediately when we got home, so it seems the hernia may have been in a position that was causing her discomfort.  Some things on the test may have been caused by her not eating, so we are in a wait-and-see period to see if she stays feeling good.  It is now 3 days later, my cat is back to her old self, grooming and eating very well.  I am more than impressed with the care and treatment at this clinic...for both my cat and myself.  It was all I wanted a clinic to be and more.   Cost was what I would have expected for a first visit examination and with the tests that were run, but certainly was not exorbitant. Definitely will continue to use them for both my cats and to recommend them to anyone who needs care for their animals.
5	I have been going to Dr. Schmidt for several years. I can't say enough about him and his staff. Nice people.
5	We moved to San Tan Valley about 10 years ago.  We have taken our dogs to a couple of different veterinarians including the one in Queen Creek and the newer one at Combs Road.  For some reason, neither of these really impressed us. Somebody suggested we try the Johnson Ranch Animal Clinic and I am happy we did.  We really like Dr. Schmidt and all the staff for that matter.  These people truly love their little clients. They have treated my dogs with compassion and gentleness. One of my dogs, Rusty, was suffering from a discharge from the eyes.  The previous vet did not know what the problem was. Dr. Schmidt diagnosed  Rusty with a form of dry-eye and prescribed an eye drop that needed to be specially compounded by the pharmacy.  We have been using this medicine and Rusty's eyes are much improved.  All in all, a very impressive experience.  We will be back.
1	Never again will I take my dog to a place where she is treated like dirt, the staff at the desk is very nice and helpful, the vet not so much...very high strung man that obviously does not like big dogs, my baby was nervous and scared, and he made it worse by being very forceful with her and then proceeded NOT to do the check up and shots we needed done because she was scared of him....we just moved here from out of state so it was heartbreaking for the first place I find to be so horrible to us and our dog...we love our dog more than our own selves so to see someone refuse to give her shots and check ups was devastating ...we have never had a problem with anyone before this, I will never recommend anyone here...the rest of our day was ruined and now I am stuck, not knowing where or who to go to.
5	Great group of people. Doctors are spot on and techs are gentle and caring. Love them!
5	Wow awesome staff to start off, Dr Schmidt is awesome as well they treated my dog very well the first moment he came in. He had surgery done on his elbow for a tumor and so far after one week he's doing awesome and I will gladly recommend this place to others.
