5	A (hog) heavenly host of barbecue enthusiasts, pros, savants, and eaters, craft beers by the barrelful, tons of sweet treats, homemade sodas, great music and beautiful weather. All of these elements gathered at The NC Music Factory make for a fine Saturday afternoon enjoying some incredible Memphis-style bbq. We had the pleasure of sampling some amazing BBQ from the pro 'que gentlemen, got to sample some fantastic beers, made it around to some of the other challenger entrants, and even got to sample some of the other items. The funnel cake, Wild Bill's Soda, and street corn were all fantastic. This is event has such better flow than when it was in Uptown. The utilization of Reelworks studio space for all of the leftover bbq eating was incredible. Solace from the sun and loud music is a nice perk. Also, demonstrations from Home Depot and other vendors sampling as well. Even if you were to pay the $5 for parking (which is hilariously more easy that navigating parking for the event when it was in Uptown) and just peruse the festival and not spend a dime, it would still be a blast. Many of the BBQ entrants are willing to let you sample their work and are so fun to talk to. Going earlier in the day makes parking a snap, but showing up after 2 or 3pm, it seemed to fill up and cars started backing up. May want to keep that in mind for years to come. Love seeing how this festival has changed/grown over the years. Happy it's at the Music Factory now! Cheers!
5	Oh, my tummy. What I did to it today was just cruel. But sometimes it's necessary to punish one organ when you reward another. And the part of my body getting the reward would be my taste buds. Yay for taste buds!Amazing BBQ to be had here at the festival. Starting with one of the finalists (I didn't find out if they were a winner), Rocky Top Smokies. I have never in my life had more tender melt-in-the-mouth ribs in my entire life. I will have to keep an eye out for these guys because they're simply amazing.The rest of the festival is an opportunity to sample more roasted meat and side dishes as these folks compete for prizes and bragging rights. And then are the non-BBQ tents. Prize wheels from Time Warner Cable and Fifth Third Bank (thanks for the hat!). Greyhound also had a prize wheel (thanks for the cool shopping bag and T-shirt) and one of their new buses for touring (really slick - wifi and power at every seat that is more comfortable than flying for sure).Parking is only $5 and it's a pretty good deal. We were fortunate to have great weather today - I can't imagine that it would be nearly as much fun in the rain. Get there early, get your 'cue and beer, and get going. It got crowded later in the day and it wasn't as much fun with all those people around.As Yelp Elite, we got a bit more insider information, including a "media pass" and a guided tour and explanation of the competition process for the Memphis Barbecue Network. (Side note - I need to plan "Memphis in May"). And that meant meeting the Rocky Top folks and getting to sample their wares as well as ribs from a half-dozen other competitors. So much food.Don't skip the beer sampling - hopefully they know how to pour better than I do! Purple Haze from Abita Brewery and Carolina Brewery's Sky Blue were good, but Starr Hill's Dark Starr Stout was a surprisingly delicious pour.
4	We were lucky enough to join the elite gathering at this event and were media VIP graced with a plethora of delicious ribs as well as some ice cold brew! I was curious if this was open to the public (the food samples) or if that was just a nice perk we received? I will say that even if you don't get a chance to sample the wares (which you really should cozy next to any tent to nab yourself some since it's that good), there are still some local options (i.e Mac's) that you can purchase. This is ultimately  a contest- so if you pass a tent and people don't say much it might be because they are going through judging. Skip the Bud or Bud Light beer options which to us seemed to be the only beers available for purchase outside. We found out later Mac's sold some local beers on tap and inside they have a little tasting featuring some beers, though none that I saw from our immediate area. $10 for 5 tasting pours was the going rate. There are also cigars, corn, funnel cake, local sodas, and other  products available for purchase. The band was more on the classic rock side than the blues side (think Tom Petty), as least while we were there, but it's a two day event and I'm sure there are different acts that play. Don't forget  to get your free promotional gear-on...we spun a wheel for Greyhound and received a $50 giftcard and took a picture with a cardboard candidate of Obama (Romney was available too) and won a free 7 eleven travel mug with 5 free re-fills- score! The only teeny tiny negatives, $5 parking irritated my boyfriend since the parking is usually free, but overall the event was free to attend so $5 isn't a big deal in the grand scheme of things. Lastly, I wish they were a bit more organized. Yelp was asked to pitch in for a short period of time and serve beer which wasn't a big deal at all but I was curious as to what they would have done had we not been there? I was also surprised there wasn't any alcohol training involved since I've had to go through that when I served beer to the public at other events. Overall it was really fun, and the perfect day to spend outside in the sun,  I'll check it out again next year for more of that tasty barbecue!
4	My first visit and if it's like this every year I will certainly be back.  I think the best thing I liked about it, besides the fantastic pig, was the cool names of the BBQ competitors.  But lets keep this in perspective, the food is why you come.  Yes they have bands, they have craft beer but the pig is the reason for the season.  Park your car and as soon as you get out you will get a wiff of the BBQ and it's like a trail of bread crumbs leading you to the promise land.  Shout out to Rocky Top Smokies for their generosity with samples of their award wining pig!If I had any criticism it would be to get the local beer involvment up a bit and I think this even would be a complete blowout for all involved!
4	This was the first time I had been to this event since it was held on Tryon Street, and though I agree that seeing a charge for parking where it is normally free can seem troubling at first, it is definitely worth it when you consider trying to find a spot uptown, especially when you have a nice, big lot to park in. Of course, even that went away as the day wore on and the spaces filled up.The festival itself has undergone some huge transformations over the years. Rather than just being a few food carts strung along the street and a mess of people gathered around looking at them, there is now an organized barbecue competition, and that is awesome. Pros on one side, challengers on the other. What's even better is that if you stop and talk to the teams, they will feed you (or they fed us, anyway - make sure you get there after they have submitted their food for judging and you might score as well!).I agree that the downside is the beer pavilion. I don't mind being asked to help pour, but I also recall when this was called the "Brews, Blues and BBQ" festival, so I get that the brew portion has been relegated to the back of the shelf. It's a shame since there are so many places with beer in the QC these days. Surely at least one of them could come out to represent, and maybe more than one? Instead there were four places from all over the Southeast, and that was just disappointing. Maybe it'll improve in future years, as that would blow this thing out of the water.Still, a great event that is really worthwhile!
