5	What a wonderful experience we had last night at Spa Massage for You.  Our former fabulous massage therapist moved a few years ago, and we've been trying different places ever since to try to recreate massage heaven.  Last night was as close as it gets.  My husband and I booked 90 minute massages, he with Peter and I with Lisa.  The owner, Neal, was very pleasant and welcoming, as were all the staff.  He gave us a bit of his history while we waited a few minutes for one therapist who was caught in crazy hail/snow weather (in Phoenix!) and, to accommodate our having to wait, gave us extra massage minutes.  The massage was a FULL 90 MINUTES, which is atypical, and done completely professionally.  The therapists found all the usual knots - plus a few more - and checked regularly regarding comfort, pressure, etc.  They offer fabulous rates if you rebook when you check out ($54 for a 90 minute massage!)  This place is almost too good to be true.  Go soon, and be very blessed.
1	Horrible massage. Maybe because it was groupon, very unproffesional and worst massage I have ever had. They tried to sell me on return for 1/2 price but trust me $35 is toooo much to pay for their services. As I was leaving from this horrible experience the owner actually asked me If was going to tip the therapist which I would have never done after the crappy massage. I ofcoarse tipped them $20 each for a massage I would have never paid a dime for. I do hope they take this review to heart if you have a groupon offer don't do a crappy job since you get 1/2 or less on them, maybe you would make a customer. I can say I will never return.
5	I have nothing but great things to say about Spamassage. The hot stone massage with Pete is the best I've had! Cannot wait to go back! :)
5	I've been coming to this place since December and i've been very satisfied with their all around service. From being greeted right when you walk in, to leaving the place and everything in between, I always feel so relaxed and appeased. Unlike other spas,  my first time there I was greeted by an owner at the front and after talking briefly with the woman (Beverly), I already felt at home. Welling up noticeably, they embraced me with a level of compassion that impressed me immensely. After spending a full hour (and a little more) with my masseuse (Mary), I was in awe of how professional and nice she was making sure my requests of my hurt back was served even though we went over an hour... then managed to compose herself in order to afford the next patient the attention they deserved. I knew from that moment on that I will be coming back to this place on a regular basis. Not only are the people great, but the noise and background music was just perfect. Thank you, SpaMassage for your desire to develop such amazing customer relations while effectively doing your work. -Jamie
5	Best facial I have ever had in my life from Shana.  Amazing neck and shoulder massage include - soooooo relaxed and pamperd.  I paid extra for the peel (worth it!)  I will be going back for sure - no need to spend my money elsewhere when the prices are so great.Keep up the good work!
5	I just had a fantastic 90 minute massage with Peter.  Going back for a facial next week.  The facility is warm and inviting and spotless.  Very friendly staff.  Great Loyalty program that just makes sense and saves you 50% on subsequent services.   - no contracts and no pressure!  I highly recommend this to anyone wanting or needing a great massage.  Easy to find at Via Linda and 90th (SW corner)Don't let this one slip by you!
5	Shayna  is fabulous ! She gave a great facial with a neck and shoulder massage that was pure ...heaven!  If your looking for a great massage..... PETER... is the god of massage! Hands down the best massage I have ever had!!! Give this place a try great prices, service and a very skilled staff!
2	The staff was very nice at this small spa/massage business, but I would not recommend or return.  I went with a friend who had purchased a Living Social deal for a facial and massage.  The deal was great, but the spa was average at best.  It is in an older strip mall and while clean in the front lobby area, the place had a musty/damp smell & feel to it.  My massage was nice, but not great.  I was left waiting for longer than expected in the room after changing because the masseuse couldn't find a robe and basket for my things.  After the massage I picked up my basket & walked in bare feet (no slippers) across linoleum flooring (no carpet) to sit in the hallway to wait for my facial.  Even with the robe on I was freezing!  My friend said she was chilly during her service also.  I waited about 10 mins for my facial as the owner was chatting with the esthetician.  It turns out the esthetician was actually the new spa manager who had been there only 3 days...and she had to fill in for the normal esthetician who quit unexpectedly.  She gave me a great facial tho!  The ambiance of the room needed some work.  The music was very low to non-existant and the clock was very loud.  Tick-tick-tick...not very relaxing.  Also, throughout all of the treatments the owners and others were talking quite loudly and could be heard in the treatment rooms.  They did ask for my feedback and I gave it on a written survey.  Hopefully they make some changes to make the feel of their spa more comfortable and on-par with other spas that offer the same services.
2	Went back and Shana was not there.  Had an unremarkable facial from a new girl.  Just wasnt the same.  Ehhh.
5	I started going to SpaMassage For You after I bought a voucher for a 90-minute massage and facial. Peter gave me the best massage I've ever had. Now I don't think I can ever have a 60-minute massage again. Then, I had a facial with Shayna and she was equally outstanding. I've been going back for massages and facials every three weeks. Both Peter and Shayna customize my services with each visit and I always leave extremely relaxed and happy.
1	I went to the spa expecting a great massage with a name like spa massage for you however the owner, who checked me in, did not even know what forms I should fill out. Then the massage therapist's pressure was too hard.  I had to keep reminding her the whole hour to lighten up. The facial bed was atrocious. it was like a giant clam that would close up.  I had to lay still. The place did not seem that clean. Nor was it a relaxing atmosphere.
1	I hated this massage. Period.  At one point the therapist climbed up on top of me, straddled me from behind, and I felt really uncomfortable. There was also no sheet on the bed and I had only the blanket covering me, I hope it wasn't see through.  There was no music except for therapist's heavy breathing. Awful and uncomfortable.
1	I can only share what MY experience was.....and the owner asked me not to reveal my experience, therefore I will. I received a Groupon massage and was told if I wanted to use my debit card to tip my therapists, I would be charged $1 per $10 to cover the costs the spa incurs for the transaction. When I balked at this, the guy at the desk explained that they encourage clients to use cash to avoid these fees in addition to what the therapist would then be obligated to claim as taxable income. So to help the business avoid fees and therapists avoid taxes, they prefer cash transactions as often as possible. Groupon asked me to review my experience and I told them my experience. I didn't look for trouble and didn't look for a way to bad mouth this company, Groupon asked for me review!! The following is a copy of the emails that followed that review. Make your own judgments. Response to Your Groupon Comment Hi carolyn, SpaMassage For You has sent you this message in response to your feedback: SpaMassage For You  (spamassageforyou@hotmail.com): Can you please let me know by email on who would have said this to you as this is totally is against our company policy and we will have to reprimand the person who said this. support@spamassageforyou.com. Thank you for the feedback. We would have really appreciated if you let our management know of this before you left the building so we could take care of this right then and there so we could have recitified this immediately.Your Comment  (August 14, 2013): I cannot believe you told a client that you wanted cash to avoid tax obligation-stupid and unethical. Why would you tell a client that? What if I worked for the IRS?___________________________________________________________________carolyn burr   8/17/13 To: support@spamassageforyou.comHope this helps. The person who told me this was who I assumed IS the manager! He was the only man I saw there on the day I was there. Short man, I think he was bald or cut very short, and I think he had glasses but I have pretty much eliminated most details because I don't intend to go back-for the reasons already discussed. Seems that it would be easy enough to identify the person. A man, I think I was there August 5 at 1230. Good luck________________________________________________________________support (support@spamassageforyou.com) 8/17/13 To: carolyn burrUnfortuately you are saying things that are untrue. You dont know how we run our business that is completey on the level.  Your comments without any facts or truths are uncalled for. You are exactly why small businesses fail because you say wrongful things on written forums that are completely untrue. Wish you well in the future but please refrain from stepping in my spa again or lying anout my business. For all I know u probably work for one of our competitors. RegardsSpaMassage For Youcarolyn burr  7:05 AM To: supportI will forward this outrageous email to Groupon.
4	I bought a living social deal for a 90 minute massage and facial.  I had booked to go here on my birthday but they called me a few days ahead of time to let me know the esthetician could not make it in for my facial.  I rebooked for the next weekend, and again got called because they didn't have an esthetician.  They ended up offering me a two hour massage in place of voucher, which I accepted.I went in for my appointment today and it was a great experience.  Front desk staff was awesome, very sweet girl.  My massage therapist Kat, was PHENOMENAL! The entire 2 hours she hit every muscle, knot, sore spot, and just has an all around fantastic technique.  The facility is a little lack luster, worn, and quaint...but I didn't expect a full day spa.  You can hear a lot of chatting outside the treatment room but only for a few minutes as they change out customers.  This place is busy, and I assume it is because their staff seems awesome.They offered me some smokin deals on my way out.  $90 for 3 one hour massages!  Needless to say I jumped at that!  I (obviously) will be back...even if it is 30 minutes from my house.
4	I had a LivingSocial and got a back to back massage and facial. Both were absolutely fabulous. I like how they don't have contracts, but instead you can pay for your next visit in advance and get a discounted rate. THe only caveat is that you can't then cancel that appointment. Smart business for them. But, Zeina was my massage therapist and no one has ever been able to get as deep as her. She really knows what she is doing. I will definitely come back for massages (already have!) but not facials, as apparently they can't keep good aestheticians around.
4	Update to my previous review.  My mother-in-law had purchased a pre-paid massage when we visited in August, so I returned with her.  Today I have to update my review to say that I LOVED my massage.  I had my massage with  Beverly and she was awesome.  The place was warmer than the last time...not as chilly.  Given my new experience I would say to give 'em a try.  I would probably go back if I lived closer to get the awesome massage from Beverly.
5	Great massage place! Kat is an awesome therapist..very friendly and professional..she answered all my questions and explained the details of the massage techniques, etc.Great service at great price!
5	Spamassage for you is the only place that I will go for my massages. The staff is always friendly and very helpful. They have great prices and always make accommodations with any type of schedulesNeil and Beverly are both wonderful. Would recommend you get a massage with either of them. I already have purchased another massage at a wonderful discount rate and can't wait to use it.
5	My husband and I visited for the first time using Groupon deals for 90 minute massages.  His therapist was Kat & I had Pilar.  Both of us were so pleased.  Easily one of the top massages either of us has ever had.  Professional staff; clean; affordable.  Looking forward to our next visit.
5	SpaMassage for you is great! I recieved a wonderful massage for a great price! I have already scheduled 2 more visits since my first time. They are also very helpful and flexible with scheduling.
4	I had a great massage for a reasonable price. Everyone was friendly and professional.
5	My wife and originally visited Spamassage For You from a Amazon Local deal back in September.  We both enjoyed the  quality of the massages and friendly service of the staff and owners.  So much so that we bought a 3 massage package and then again an additional 3  massage package.  Looking forward to our next visit!
5	I have been a customer for awhile at SpaMassage For You, Pete is my guy - but I am sure they have someone for everyone.  It is friendly and accommodating to my schedule.  Most of all it is very affordable.  I think anyone would be very happy with the service and staff here.  I look forward to every visit.
5	This place is awesome.  I've been going to the same massage therapist for over a year.  He is one of the best therapists I've ever experienced.  The pricing is extremely reasonable and your not stuck in a plan like Massage Envy.  All you do is pay in advance for your next massage to get the discounted rate.  The decor is pleasant and restful.  Just the right environment to be pampered.
4	I adore this place, not only their employees, but their business model as well. It was my significant other's and my anniversary, and they got me in for a couple's massage at the last minute (same day) because another company had cancelled our couples massage earlier that morning. They did what they could to accommodate us and make us feel welcome and comfortable on our special day. They also went ABOVE AND BEYOND with regards to preparing the room and making sure we were comfortable and knew what to expect and how to proceed. The 2 individuals that gave us a massage, Cindy and Karen, were great at what they did, consistently asked if we were ok and comfortable with the level of pressure, the areas they were covering, etc.The only downfall was the sales tactics when we came out, they definitely went all salesy on us afterward.However, because i was overall a great experience, and I went ahead and purchased another massage for the future and cannot wait to go back!
5	Just left my third massage and feeling more than amazing! My husband and I started doing the couples massages last month and keep rebooking, Pilar and Dolche are awesome they listen to our request and we always leave happy! Everyone is so nice and professional! We just want to thank them for all their hospitality! See you in a few weeks!
5	I have severe lumbar disk problems. I had heard about SpaMassage and Pete, and stumbled across a nice coupon deal.  On the first appointment, Pete wanted details about my situation and was very thorough. He moved and worked slowly and methodically through the trouble areas, with deep pressure, rolling pressure and stretching at just the right spots. He really seemed to intuitively grasp my peculiar injuries, arthritic conditions, etc.  I've been back to see him several times, and if you buy the next one on the way out the door, you get a nice discount.Give it a try; if you know the kind of technique that works best for you, ask about the therapists to see who is the best fit.
5	I went in with serious pain in my shoulder blades and they gave me the best deep tissue massage I have ever had. I'm going to keep rebooking for sure.
4	Great day spa with great massages.  Highly recommended.  Try the double massage, fantastic.
4	Just what the Doctor ordered. Experienced staff with attention to details. Try the double massage, not to be missed.
4	Fantastic experience at a SpaMassage for you. Kelly D. did a fantastic job on my tight neck and shoulders. Very relaxing atmosphere... you don't hear cars going by or loud noises outside the door, as I have at other massage places. Great deals too, just ask before leaving. I'm definitely going back!
1	I originally heard of this place when I received a living social deal for Christmas. Around Valentine's Day I found a Groupon for a couples massage which my boyfriend and I used about a month later. During that massage, my therapist was rushing through my massage and left for over 5 minutes during my session to use the restroom while my boyfriend was continuing to be relaxed by his thorough therapist.  The experience itself wasn't one to where we were eager to return but not bad enough to not return. Since I had not yet redeemed my original gift that I received for Christmas, I tried to book an appointment using my living social deal, that I received as a GIFT and the woman who I was speaking with (I believe the owner) informed me that since I had been there before I would have to pay a $35 fee because I was not a new customer. My question to her was, how was the person who purchased the deal supposed to know I wasn't a new customer? She said it was their policy. I could understand if I purchased the deal for myself, but it was a GIFT! I love massages and will frequently return to a place who treats their customers well, and refer friends to a place that I love, but I do not see myself returning to this place unless they rethink their policy about gifts. Just ridiculous!
5	I came to town for a conference and lucked out with a great Yelp coupon and Pete! It's now a week later and I'm still feeling the goodness from his excellent work.  He did an excellent balance between the orthopedic work my feet and legs needed and deep relaxation the rest of me needed.Fabulous! Thanks, Pete!
5	Best massage ever!  Trevia was my therapist, she 's amazing, I kid you not!  My husband also says it's the best massage he's ever had.  Try this place, you will not regret it. Also they offer lots of different ways to make your massages affordable. Just ask.
1	You're apologizing now and are offering to discuss this matter further after you send me the below passive aggressive message, I don't think so. Maybe if you treated your customers with respect you'd still have one who would be loyal and give excellent word of mouth reviews for your small business. And, don't you worry, there are many other day spas in the valley who are able and have accommodated my needs since this horrible experience with you.Beverly K.Business OwnerWe want to thank you for your feedback today. We do appreciate all comments whether they are positive or negative. All comments make us a stronger company each and everyday and we hope your experience at another day spa goes more according to what you are looking for. All the best!!!Regards,NealOwnerSpaMassage For You
1	All these 5 star reviews are total wack. They have a sign that says if you give a yelp review and like us on Facebook upgrade an additional 30 minutes. Duh. Let's be honest. These guys are totally rude people. Don't honor groupings and tell guests "that it's best they just leave." All because I had a groupon- no wonder this place was empty. Not to mention lack of relaxation there. Loud people. Owner totally disorganized.  GO ELSEWHERE!!!
5	Neil and his staff go out of their way to make sure all of your needs are met. Massages are very reasonably priced and they take pride in their work. I recommend!
1	I bought two $55.00 Groupons for 90-minute massages, and made appointments for the two of us a few days prior.  I presented the Groupons upon check-in and we were told that they thought we would be "paying them directly," and that they had reserved their most expert massage therapists for us.  Does that mean they treat Groupon customers worse by handing them over to inexperienced staff?  They hemmed and hawed about it for several minutes to the point of making it very uncomfortable for us.  When we quickly realized they were not going to honor our Groupons, and they realized that we were not going to pay them directly, they asked us to leave!  I have never been treated so rudely before.  Why do they even partner with Groupon in the first place, if they will not honor the certificates?  My guess is that this place will not be around long with business practices like this.  Fortunately, Groupon refunded our money in full.  Unbelievable!
1	I can't believe I had to issue them even one star!!!  On 06/19/14 I purchased 2 90-minute massages from Living Social for a business called SpaMassage For You in Scottsdale, Az.  On 06/26/14, I was having back pain, and called to try and redeem my first voucher.  I was told by the female owner that they "didn't have a therapist on today that accepts the vouchers" but if I needed to come in that day, she would charge me an introductory price of $55 for an hour, and we could schedule the Living Social massages at a later date.  I agreed.  I went in and paid $55 plus tip, and received my introductory massage.  On 07/02/14, I went in to redeem the first of my 90 min massages that was already purchased via Living Social. I had no issues during this visit, and scheduled my husband to use the 2nd 90 min massage on 07/13/14.  The next day, 07/03/14, the male owner called me to see if I was going to pay for a "loyalty member" plan for my husband.  I was confused about what he was referring to.  He basically stated that before he would honor the 2nd of the 90 min massages, my husband would have to first become a "loyalty member" and pay for a plan, or at the minimum $55 for a one hour massage. I told him that I was not able at this time to purchase any memberships, but just wanted to receive what I have already paid for.  He proceeded to tell me that he would not honor that massage, that he would cancel the appt on 07/13, and unless I purchased a plan, he would "not get your husband in until 2 months or more!!"  I tried to clarify, and ask questions and he became very defensive, rude and demeaning. He began to speak loudly, speak over me, and refused to let me talk.  He yelled that they do not make any money on Living Social or Groupon deals and that the therapist works for free.  I told him that is not MY issue, that is something he, as the owner is responsible for!  He said he had the right to do what he wanted regarding Living Social specials.  This is extremely unethical business behavior, and I have reported them to Living Social, Groupon, The Better Business Bureau, and to Yelp.  This is truly a "buyer beware" situation.  As I saw on a review left on SpaMassage For You's Facebook page, another client had a similar experience when trying to redeem his Groupon voucher.  He was told to leave the establishment!  I have also shared my negative experience on my Facebook page, and subsequently have had dozens of people share it to their page.  Whatever it takes to get the word out!  I am all for sharing excellent, positive reviews when deemed appropriate.  I am also determined to save others from wasting their money, and/or being scammed like this business has done.  I am out half of the money I spent, and only received half of the services promised.  I was essentially told that in order to honor what I have already paid for, it would require me to spend even more money.  This is such an inappropriate business practice!This establishment also has a sign posted as you leave the business which states:  "write a review on Yelp for us and receive a free salt scrub on your next visit."  This is HIGHLY unethical; it is bribery and not in compliance with Yelp's policy, which reads in part:*Conflicts of interest: Your contributions should be unbiased and objective. For example, you shouldn't write reviews of your own business or employer, your friends' or relatives' business, your peers or competitors in your industry, or businesses in your networking group. Business owners should NOT ask customers to write reviews.Not only are they asking customers to write reviews, they are promising them services if they do.  This business deserves to be reported.  Not only is their customer service the worst I have seen, their business practices are not ethical.  I would not frequent this establishment again, even if they called and tried to make it right.  The owner is offensive, a bully and very very unprofessional!The only positive experience in dealing with them was my therapist, Kelly D.  She was literally one of the best massage therapists I have ever had.  I was going to be a loyal, regular customer of hers, and of this establishment, until the owner pulled these antics.  Kelly D, please find a job in a reputable, upscale spa.  You are far better than this place!  You knew exactly what to do with the issues I presented, and I left feeling much less pain, and relaxed.
1	I visited this place on 7/27 after finder them on SpaFinder. My Fiance & I had received a couple of Gift Cards for our recent engagement and decided we could use a Massage. I went on SpaFinders website to finder a merchant who accept their SpaFinder Gift Cards and I stumbled across SpaMassage For You. I checked out the Yelp reviews prior to visiting the business and the majority of bad reviews were placed by disgruntled Groupon users. First off, I don't think the majority of Groupon users are Cheap like some of these other reviews state. I think that without clear and concise Fine Print things are easily confused. My issue comes from the fact that prior to going to this business, I looked ALL OVER for any fine print, restrictions, exclusions, or anything at all regarding the usage of my SpaFinder Gift Cards. When I say ALL OVER, I mean I look on the merchants website, I looked on the merchants SpaFinder page, I looked on SpaFinders Website, and I also looked on the Gift Cards themselves... There was ZERO restrictions stated anywhere. Needless to say at the time of payment I handed over my Gift Cards and I was promptly told that the Gift Cards weren't accepted on the weekends and that I would have to come back another day to use them. I was also told that I should have said something when I was scheduling the appointment. I gladly obliged to pay and still tipped the Therapists over 20% on the service, this was because I actually thought I might have missed something somewhere, somehow. The reason for this review is because I went back and looked everywhere, AGAIN, and still couldn't find anything. So I called SpaFinder's Customer Service and asked if there were any restrictions or stipulations to how their Gift Cards are used. The Representative quickly and easily told me no, there are NO restrictions on the usage of their Gift Cards. At that point it was very easy to tell that there was some sort of share on the value of the Gift Cards between SpaFinder and the merchant, which is evident in why they didn't want to accept the Gift Cards. I am by no means a "cheap" person and I FIRMLY believe that you pay for what you get.. But if I have a Gift Card given to be as a gift, why wouldn't I attempt to use it? It's unfortunate because I was looking for a Spa to become a frequent customer at because I realized the importance of getting massages done regularly. I would've considered calling this Spa 'home' had it not been for this experience. There's no excuse for not accepting the Gift Cards and if they honestly don't accept the Gift Cards on weekends (even though SpaFinder clearly said they cannot make up their own rules on accepting their Gift Cards) then they should be the ones to have that clearly stated somewhere, ANYWHERE. ~~~ ON A GOOD NOTE ~~~ The Therapists were very talented, nice, and seemed to truly care about what you were looking to get out of the service. They were all pretty friendly and although they were remodeling, I'm sure it will be a beautiful place upon it's completion. Just make sure to spell out anything and everything you intend on doing or using at the business as they do not do it for you.UPDATE:Merchants responding to Yelp reviews is crucial, so I appreciate the quick response. However, I still do not feel as if the response is justified in regards to my issue. First off, there was never any communication regarding the price I was receiving being Discounted, especially since there isn't anywhere for me to see pricing for Services. Secondly, the excuse given to me by you after my appointment was that you do not accept the gift cards on the weekends. Nothing was ever mentioned about it being due to a discounted rate. Lastly, if given the option, I would've preferred to be charged the normal price of $79 because it actually would have ended up being a less amount for me out of pocket. Whether it be $49 or $79, they are both still very fair priced amounts, so this is not the issue. The issue is the lack of communication as well as the fact that even if the services were discounted by you, SpaFinder specifically & clearly explained that merchants on their website that list they accept SpaFinder Gift Cards have no control over dictating how those Gift Cards are used. To avoid future complaints or issues similar to mine, maybe you should consider asking potential customers if they plan on using any coupons, or gift cards for the service.UPDATE 8/17: This merchant has repeatedly lied to cover their tracks. They told SpaFinder that not only did we not present the Gift Cards at the time of the appointment, but they stayed open later for us and made special arrangements. You guys are cheapskates and worse than the "cheap" groupon people you say come to your business and screw you guys. Well good for them, liars tend to get what they deserve. Unfortunately for you, you're not smart liars and I have taken screenshots of your responses in regards to you REFUSING to accept the Gift Cards.
1	**LivingSocial coupon users beware**Doesn't even deserve a star.A very deceptive desk lady and a disappointing experience. Was given a two massage "gift" for my wife and I through Living Social. Called to make an appointment and the desk lady gave us the "you can't use it for two people. Didn't you read the fine print?" runaround. I contacted the person who gave us the coupon and they decided to give us another so we could both go, so I called back to schedule an appointment. They couldn't do it on a few days that we could because they were "remodeling." I explained that my wife and I live overseas and only had a week and a half to get both massages. The desk lady promised me she would get us in twice before we leave, but refused to schedule the second ahead of time. She said they can't do that until the first appointment, but again PROMISED she would get us in both times before we leave... more on that later.We arrived to the place in shambles and obviously in the middle of being remodeled (why were they even open?). Holes in the drywall being patched and scraped down, paint cans laying around, the whole nine yards. The lady at the desk had her back turned to us and barely looked up to greet us when we walked in. We filled out the paperwork and noticed right away that one if not two of the workers were obviously under the influence. Not a great first impression.Both ladies who gave us the massage were friendly and the massage itself was good. Though it was a bit uncomfortable in the tiny room with the smell of alcohol and the cramped quarters. The room smelled like strong alcohol every time one of the ladies breathed. Not an ideal environment for a massage. I had asked when I made the reservation for my wife and I to be in the same room for the massage, so they stuffed us in a room the size of a walk in closet. The ladies could barely move around the tables and kept knocking things over throughout the 90 mins. Again, I want to stress, the massage was great, I just couldn't be more unimpressed with the overall experience. We got dressed and walked out to schedule the second time and SURPRISE... they were all booked up. I threw out all the dates and times that we could before we left the country to go back home, but all we're taken for "paying customers and clients" (does a coupon not count as a paying customer?). She passive aggressively suggested we should have come in sooner, even though I explained we weren't even in the same state. There were obviously huge gaps on the calendar open on her computer screen, but she assured me they were all booked until the day after we left. Convenient.The desk lady then explained that I could just give the coupon to someone else (something she had already told me on the phone we could not do), so after being lied to the first time I asked her to write it on the coupons. She only wrote it on one and I had to ask her to wrote it on both. I'm pretty sure she will still try to argue about it with the poor souls who we may or may not give these coupon to.The cherry on the cake was that after being lied to and offered no practical help to get us our second massage; I was chased out into the parking lot by the desk lady asking for a tip. I explained that I don't tip for the level of service and unprofessionalism we experienced (mostly her fault). Never done that in my life. She gave me a guilt trip about how the ladies were on commission and also passive aggressively indicated that I was unaware of the cultural norms in America. Ha! I'm pretty sure being drunk on the job is not up to cultural norms in America either. I explained that I would not tip for that kind of service and for being treated as a second class customer to their "paying" clients.This is the first negative review I've ever posted on yelp and probably a waste of time. But I wrote it because the level of customer service from the desk lady WAS REALLY THAT BAD! I left asking the question, why offer a coupon on LivingSocial if you're going to treat those paying customers like garbage? Still a mystery to me.Stay away!!!
1	I gave this one star only because I had to, otherwise they would have gotten none. I used a groupon to try it for the first time to see if I liked it. The location itself is in a strip mall and the entrance is uninviting and seems disheveled. The massage was good, but I couldn't get over the squeaky table that constantly moved. I thought it would break at any point in the massage. Then to top it off, I rated them on groupon saying these things so they would improve and they responded with a snarky, rude message. Definitely not the way to run a business! Don't go there, not worth the money or the poor treatment!
