4	Go to Mexico, Baja Coast, even further south - and these are the types of Taquerias you will find.  Order at the counter, enjoy chips and salsa while you wait, then enjoy street tacos the likes of which you think you can only get south of the border.(The building is yellow on the outside, still bearing its former name - so don't be confused.)The price of a  street tacos here? $1.25.  For that price, try all of them, especially the Al Pastor.  This type of taco is unique in its preparation.  Typically pork meat, it is marinated - giving the meat an orange color - and then roasted on a spit.  Similar to the way gyro meat is carved off a spit.  The result is an incredibly flavorful meat taco.  They add cilantro and a little pico de gallo, a squirt of lime and a dash of picante sauce, and it's pure heaven.On Tuesdays its Taco Tuesday - $.99, with coke only $1.25.If you are not a taco fan, the menu features Tortas ($3.75-4.25), burritos enchilada style ($4.50), Beam burritos ($2.50) Carnitas burritos ($3.75), Fried fish ($12), Shrimp Cocktail ($9.95), Camarones Ahogados (shrimp $9.95), Tamales combo ($5.95), and Huevos con chorizo ($4.95).Live music on weekends, as Taqueria has a separate bar area for dancing the night away.
5	Best Mexican food in Chandler. So delicious! Their street tacos are absolutely delicious! I do at least once a week! If you're looking for authentic Mexican food this is the place to go!
4	I left this review on the restaurant, El Taco de Chandler, but apparently they have a new name so here it is on the new/correct name... :)I REALLY want to give this place 5 stars but due to the service I simply cannot.  But the food was AH-mazing.  Some of the best chicken I've ever had.  Had the chicken burrito combo, and although the rice and beans were just OK, I thought I might cry right into my platter because the chicken burrito was so delicious.  The chicken was so tender and juicy... ohmygawd I am drooling just thinking about it, and I am still overwhelmingly full from the meal.  The burrito also had onions (both white and green) and cilantro (YES PLEASE!) which I'm sure added to the overall deliciousness.  Sadly the service was less than stellar and SUPER slow (and I was the ONLY one in the restaurant so no excuses), but their food (and cheap prices!) will certainly get me coming back.  Nom nom nom.
5	Best tacos ever - just like being in Mexico. Definitely try the alambre...bacon, onions, tender meat - I could eat these every day! Tuesdays are $.99 tacos!
4	its a good place when you have that Mexican food fix, I had the carne asada tacos and the al pastor tacos and their rice and beans where cocked perfectly all was very tasty, so I'll come back again.by their menu they have a lot of good options for lunch so we may check it out later
3	I had came here once when it was closed because yelp gave me the wrong hours of operations. Second time was a success and was able to order my tacos.  I had ordered carne asada and al pastor because the man behind the counter said that the chicken took awhile to make. So you have been warned.The carne asada was mediocre, reminds me of ground beef, huge let down. I hate when carne asada is like a ground beef rather than diced.The al pastor was good. Only thing different about this place that I will remember to change next time is they add some kind of a orangey red sauce on top of the tacos so if you like crazy spicy food don't ask to have it removed. But i personally like to add the heat as I go. Not in every bite. So until next time this place is just  a C for me. I'm a huge Carne asada Freak and this place didn't cut it.
