5	Amazing raw vegan restaurant and juice bar.  They have raw versions of dishes like cheeseburgers, meatloaf, fries, lasagna, etc... all made with raw fruits, veggies, nuts and grains.  They don't exactly taste like the originals, but you won't care when you taste them!  It is all so delicious and you can just feel all the good enzymes flowing through your body after you've eaten.  Beautiful presentation- each dish looks like a colorful art work.  I would reccommend just about anything on the menu but lately I love the veggie wrap.  If you're not so adventurous, just try their house salad- it's the bomb.  One thing is the staff always seem hesitant to bring water if you ask for it!  On multiple occasions they just haven't brought the water I ordered.  Maybe it's because drinking with a meal is supposed to be bad for digestion and they don't want to encourage it?  But, if you order one of their fresh juices, of course they'll bring that.  There always seem to be different people working there everytime I come in, too, not many familiar faces.  But the food is always excellent.  Prices are reasonable for the quality of food you get; expect to spend 7 to 15 bucks.They also have a little store area where you can buy books about healthy eating, vitamins and herbs, raw and vegan snacks and more.  And, while you eat, you can gaze out at the beautiful "lake"... make sure to check out the lego house right across!Such a treat to have a place like this in Vegas, especially after living in Berkeley and getting used to having tons of healthy vegan places to eat.
4	Being that I'm not a vegan or a vegetarian... I have many things that I can eat in this world. So, coming to a place like this is rare for me because I so often crave dairy, meat or fried stuff.But I was mightly impressed by their Mexi wrap. I'd go back there immediately for another one of those. The almond butter toast with fruit stuff though... was... well, "healthy" tasting. :)
5	Wow. Go Raw Cafe is AMAZING! Delicious, phenomenal, nutritious, 100% raw cuisine. The pasta is outrageously tasty! This restaurant is the best thing about Las Vegas. Yum!
5	We were in town for a conference and to see petroglyphs and the Valley of Fire, and we vowed to stay far away from all casino food.  We found the excellent Go Raw Cafe with the help of Google and our rental car's navigation system (the aid of both was necessary).The food was fantastic and unique - the place is a real gem.  It was late in the day and we were the only patrons, but we kept the staff busy by ordering a few items from the menu, savoring them, then ordering a few more, then more, then more....  All of the tastes were so clean, nuanced, and tantalizing that the meal became an 'experience' rather than just a means of sustenance.  The mock items don't taste much like their namesakes - which I consider to be a good thing (too frequently the effort of making faithful meat-taste-copies out of meatless items results in a dull, plastic-food taste).  At Go Raw Cafe the namesakes instead seem to function as gentle inspirations suggesting creative new ways to combine flavors.We racked up a decent bill, deepened the exhaustion of the staff (they confided that many of the items on the menu require a lot of preparation work - which we guessed, because it sometimes took a while for what we ordered to arrive), and looked forward to our next visit.
3	Tried this for the first time a few weeks ago while visiting a friend.  It definitely was filling and tasty.  I had one of the wraps which was really good - wrapped in some chard.  I also ordered a veggie soup - not so keen on that - a little too thick for my licking.All in all, a very good place to go to if you want to eat something healthy and good.
2	I would have to say that if you like or are used to eating raw food that this would be a wonderful place to eat, but I guess I didn't know what to expect and I left with a belly ache.  Raw cabbage with raw cauliflower and broccoli......ugh....my stomach couldn't take it.  I think that people must have to get used to this way of eating, but I definitely am not.  I tried it, hated it, and wouldn't go back....but not because the food was awful.....just because it is a lifestyle of eating I am not used to.
2	Overpriced. All the 3 entrees we got tasted like oversalted mush. I've eaten at many veggie restaurants, I expected far more creativity with spices. If the raw lifestyle means uncooked, barely seasoned food, I guess this is your place. You're better off with the  Veggie Delight  on Wynn road or Long life veggie on Sandhill, right off Flamingo.
4	Go Raw is a small cafe that I discovered upon moving into The Lakes housing community about two years ago.  Everything is raw, vegan, and organic.  Because this way of life is more expensive, their prices are quite high but I only frequent Go Raw for one thing - the wheatgrass.  For the past two consecutive weeks I've gone in for the same thing 1-ounce of the grass.  I can now go in and say I want "the usual" and they know exactly what I want! The set-up of this venue is slightly awkward and cramped but the staff are friendly and knowledgeable about the raw, organic way of life.  It's not easy to eat healthy in Vegas, so consider Go Raw a great and unique resource.
4	I am torn between a four and a five star review. I have eaten at Go Raw Cafe a couple of times. The first time with my folks, which kind of soured the experience for me since they were continually criticizing of everything (which they do in general regarding my being vegan). The food I had the first time I went was pretty good, though I got one of the veggie juice drinks and I just could not stomach it. As surprising as it is, my mom the ultra nag ended up drinking it!Fast forward over a year. I just got back from Go Raw Cafe and I had the "Cheese burger". The burger was HUGE. It came on a well decorated plate with the burger on one "bun" and the toppings on the other. I started to eat the two separately but one of the ladies at the restaurant urged me to put the burger together, mash it all down, and go ahead and make a mess. Well, I did and I have to say the burger was amazing and very filling.I will definitely be going back to sample more of their dishes. Who knows maybe I'll end up changing the review to five stars!
4	i love this place..i really do..mostly b/c its the only raw joint in vegas..and b/c this place started a new health quest for me that has changed my life..the owners are a couple...Lou the lady is ususally at the LV location on sahara..her other half..not such a vibrant dude works the gv spot.They serve fresh juices, smoothies, amazing raw entres at reasonable prices.They serve duiran shakes..kefir beverages and have the most insane salads and raw pizzas around...not for the garlic shy...They have a bookstore and small area for raw food snacks and high quality oils, berries and health treatments..they have healers and massage therapists working on tip basis some weekends..lectures and raw food demo classes..throughout the monththe gv location has a soup and salad bar..the sahara loc. does not..I wish the owners lived more in abundance..the vibe is not as vibrant as it should be..if it were my spot..i would have open mic..a place for artists to come.. and make the energy there safe..inviting..and empowering..none the less..tell them annie bear sent you..order the kefir margaritaand buy the superfood snack products!!warning..if you are planning a large take out..make sure you call ahead of time..like..5 days ahead of time..they drive fresh produce in and are not prepared for large unexpected orders..
5	Only been here once and I had the salad bar and a smoothie.  The "Kookies and Cream" smoothie was really, really, really, good.  Salad bar was really good, fresh and they charge you by weight - good to know that ahead of time.   I would like to go there again to try some of their entrees.  From what i saw, the plates were huge and nicely presented.  The service was nothing spectacular but I wasn't really expecting it to be fantastic.
4	Great place for eating light during the very warm vegas summer !  Lots to read, products to look at and of course great juices and smoothies!
4	If you're going to go raw in Vegan, this is the place to do it!  This restaurant is soooo amazing! The burritos are very tasty.  You have to try their juices as well; they're impressive!
4	Very tasty, very raw, very vegan food. Pretty much the only place like it in Vegas. They do a good job.
4	Amazing that a wholesome place like this exists in Las Vegas.  Good atmosphere, clean facility, and freshly prepared food, right by the lake.I'm happy to know this place has survived.
5	This cafe was so good. The raw pizzas and burgers were excellent.  They also have a large selection of fresh juices and shakes. The Cookies and Cream' shake was my favorite.  I strongly recommend this place for any raw food enthusiast in the Vegas area.
5	Dear Go Raw,Did we ever thank you for delivering our food to the Red Rock Hotel and saving us from God-awful hotel food? ((our co-workers were envious))Did we ever thank you for picking us up from our hotel and taking us to your restaurant so that we could enjoy your raw food goodness? Did we tell you that you have the most amazing food in all of Las Vegas? See you next time, ok?
5	Discovered this place while on a recent trip to Vegas with a fellow vegan friend for the weekend.  Have been eating raw from the beginning of the year and was excited to find a restaurant to break up the monotony.  This was the most amazing place!  Fantastic food and great people.  It was my friend's birthday and they were gracious enough to find a candle for his cheesecake.  :-)  Going through hot vegan mocha withdrawal...
5	I live in New York City now, and have tried every raw food place in Manhattan, and NOTHING, not even Pure Food and Wine compares to the exquisite tastes and dishes of Go Raw Cafe. Everything is pleasing even to those who aren't regular raw foodies.I'm really addicted to the Purple Burritos- so much so that I used to make them at home! Not as good, but inspiring. Purple cabbage and Raw Heaven. All the smoothies are rich and full of flavour. Wheatgrass is fresh and potent Every time. Don't miss out on the pizzas or the Pate. Pricey but SO worth it. Your energy levels will rise and your body will thank you.My favorite chocolate they sell is the Raw Omega White Chocolate- This is Indulgence.  (You can find it other places but I choose to support independent chains)Plenty of Reading Material and other Raw, vegan, organic grocery items for sale. My mouth is salivating already- too bad I'm across the country!
5	This place was AMAZING! I was on a road trip and sick of fast food, so I suggested something healthy. After asking around, they recommended us to the Go Raw Cafe. I was a little scared to try raw food, as I've never had it before, but one bite and I was in LOVE! The girl who worked there was extremely helpful; she told us all about raw and what foods we might like. Everything was so delicious. The environment was very relaxed and clean, and it seemed like everyone knew each other. I want to go back again!
5	So grateful for Go Raw!From the menu - house salad | kale salad with cilantro dressing. Those are in the current rotation. I was stuck on the Beet Burger and the Mexicali Pizza for years - those are great too. The new coffee cream dessert in the fridge is one of my all time favorite desserts. It is up there with the raw mint chocolate chip ice cream I had at Pure Food and Wine in NYC.In short...go there.
5	I don't even understand how a place like this can exist in Vegas. Stepping in to Go Raw Cafe feels like home to me (Austin, TX) from the lake view to the uneven parking lot to the supplements and homemade bath products on the walls. The menu is amazing. Mexican pizza is like normal pizza but with totally different ingredients. Sprouting bread! Lettuce wraps! What am I eating? I don't know, but it's delicious. The meals are surprisingly filling as well. Love it!
1	Thick carpet of BLUE MOLD on the food!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!I ate here once and loved it. The second time I ordered to-go. I ate as soon as I got home. Entree was soggy and the desert was covered in MOLD. And not a little mold. Like a week's worth of mold. I called to complain and they were very unconcerned. I don't think they believed me and I was not about to drive 30 mins back there to show them. I have pictures, but they didn't want them. So, I'm posting them all over the internet. Click on the 'photos' link on this listing and see for yourself.And, yes, I called the health department.
4	Love this place!  Its great to have such a raw, organic, local place here in Vegas!  The location is perfect overlooking the lake and I can't help but love the food and juice selection. The only reason they do not get 5 starts is because the juice is way over-priced and they skimp on the beets! =(  I can make much more affordable juices at home.
5	YUMMY! When I think of Vegas "raw" and "vegan" do not generally come to mind but now I think whenever Sin City is mentioned in my presence I will begin to salivate thinking of how sinfully delicious the macaroon I had here was; hopefully this reaction doesn't confuse anyone in the wrong way... I'll just direct them to my Yelp page if so! I am currently on a cross-country road trip to New England.  Las Vegas was our first stop out of California and after spending just one night there I was in dire need of some sustenance and nutrition! Thanks to Yelp I found just what I was looking for in the form of this location of Go Raw Cafe. My friend ordered the Traditional Pizza and after much going back and forth I settled on having the Vegi-cotti, and then devoured it.  In retrospect I wish one of us ordered something different because the ingredients of each seemed pretty identical.  I didn't try hers because mine was huge! The zucchini pasta side was simply amazing and I am now a firm believer in raw  "pasta" although I was previously a skeptic.  Maybe it was the intense garlic flavor of the sauce that sold me but regardless it was delicious and I am definitely going to try to recreate my own once I get to my own kitchen and acquire the right utensils. :) I was stuffed from my meal but we heard some other diners, and the owner herself, raving about a dessert.  It turned out that the owner had made up a coconut macaroon the day before and decided to sell/serve them.  For about a buck a pop and as small as a quarter I figured it couldn't do too much damage.  WOAH! There was so much flavor packed into that little morsel of delight!  I used to love the Girl Scout cookies previously known as Samoas (excuse my non-PC terminology; I don't know the new name and haven't had them in years!) and although the taste of this macaroon brought them back to mind they were 100 times better and I am sure at least 10 times healthier for you, somehow!  This place gets all of my stars and then some.  I may just be convinced to brave taking my liver back to Vegas if it means I can try out some more menu items!
5	You won't find a more hippie place than this.  As you walk in you can smell the fresh aroma of green organic goodness and the cacophonous sound from the VitaMix tells you it's as raw and homemade as you can get here, all prepared with love and good intentions.  I'm not a raw foodist nor do I plan to be; I just love to eat healthy as much as possible.   I've been coming here for more than 5 years now.  I have a stamp card for smoothies.  If you're used to jamba juice or any other popular smoothie places then you'll be pleasantly surprised by the freshness and thickness of their smoothie.  It's not as big but you get more bang for the buck because they use fresh fruits, berries and nuts.  No ice or watered down fruit juice as filler here.  My favorite is the Pina Cool-ada.  HEAVEN!  Now for their food.  For starter the house salad is the best salad i've ever had anywhere bar none!  The ginger infused nama shoyu dressing is amazing!  I've tried to replicate this at home many times but couldn't come close.  Whenever i finish all the salad, i would lick the plate (if no one is looking).  It's that good!  The lime-cilantro dressing is also good.  The Mediterranean wrap is delish.  The full wrap is very filling.  You could order a half wrap and a smoothie.  The "burger" is full of flavor.  It probably has around 50 ingredients.  To make this yourself at home would cost quite a bit.  This is not something I would attempt.  I have tried to copy the smoothie and salad and that's it.  If you're not sure what to order, just get the different sampler plate.  It has small portions of some of the popular items like pasta, mexi wrap, enchiladas, lasagna and zucchini pasta.  Writing this review is making me hungry.  I think I'll stop by after work today.
3	My husband and I got a Groupon to try Go Raw Cafe.  It is very quaint and non fussy.  When we received our menus I asked the waitress if they had any Gluten fee options.  She was very knowledgable ( may have even been the owner) and told me that 99% of the menu was Gluten free!  I was so happy. She was then kind enough to list the items that were not.  We ordered the neat loaf, the chip and hummus platter and the  vanilla- date smoothies.  We did not care for the neat loaf, but LOVED the smoothies and the appetizer.  Their fresh salsa, guacamole, and hummus are perfect.  Next time we will try a wrap or the beet burger.  Sit by the window and you will get to watch the duckies.  :)
1	I literally cried leaving this place. I just can't even.....Matt decided to come here for his birthday lunch for some-odd reason. After perusing the menu I decided on the neat loaf and "fries" [a lot of things on the menu are in quotes. You will see them used in this review as well.] and Matt got the purple burrito, and we both got two small Fiji waters. The total was over $31! I thought of the CenturyLink internet bill that was around the same price and bit down and paid. I hoped that the food we would get would be delicious and amazing for that price. Now, before I go into the "food" (see what I did there?) section of my review, let me talk about the actual property. It sits right next to The Lakes and is gorgeous. Tons of ducks were gathered outside. When you go in there isn't too much room to move about, and when you get to order you don't quite know where to go. After our orders were taken I guess the guy assumed we had been there before because we got no direction. Finally we saw someone else pay so before our food came out I paid and the woman behind the register was confused since apparently people come up and pay after their meal. Finding the register in the first place was difficult, the place has a very strange layout. Anyhow, after 15 minutes or so we got our "food." The entire plate looked unappetizing. The neat loaf was just a rectangular-shaped lump of brown stuff, the fries were... well, nothing like fries whatsoever, and two small triangles of the hardest bread ever that should truly come with a warning since I swore I almost chipped a tooth on them. I received some random mixed veggie salad on the side and two pieces of fruit, as well as some orange paste for the "fries." Being completely honest, I couldn't even identify what was on my plate with the exception of the two pieces of fruit. I really tried to be open-minded and started to eat what was on my plate but everything tasted "off." Not a thing on my plate was edible. The flavors that were there were so strange, peculiar, and really hard to describe. I just know that they were terrible. I couldn't eat more than 4 bites before I had had enough. And trust me - this morning I was STARVING and I would much rather prefer to starve than eat here again.Maybe I'm the crazy one, but I don't think that an oven is necessarily a bad thing. Maybe Matt and I both ordered the wrong thing or should have ordered a (ridiculously priced) smoothie, but I can't believe that anyone in their right mind thinks that what was on my plate was flavorful and tasty. I can't believe I spent $13.88 on a plate of vegetable mush. As a vegan I'm used to eating new things that might not work in theory but this just did not work at all, and at least those questionable items were still edible and identifiable. I was so angry that I just cried instead upon leaving Go Raw and I know for a fact I will never be back.
2	Let me start by saying I that I sometimes choose to eat a vegetarian diet.  I sometimes consume meat, but try to keep it to a minimum, strictly because it's a healthier way to live -- not from any moral considerations.  When I do eat meat I try to avoid, if possible, meat that has been tainted with nitrates, antibiotics, and hormones.  I wish there were more restaurants in Las Vegas that catered specifically to vegans and vegetarians.  Many restaurants offer vegan and vegetarian options, but my Internet search turned up only one restaurant in town that does not serve meat at all -- the Go Raw Cafe.After greatly enjoying a vegetarian Thanksgiving with Tofurkey bought from Whole Foods, I wanted to continue my meatless streak at the Go Raw Cafe.The first thing I noticed was a flyer that had been placed on every table advertising pressure acupuncture.  There was also a bulletin board and counter near the entrance covered with business cards and other flyers.  I wasn't wearing my glasses, but squinting I could make out that one of the flyers was promoting the healing power of crystals.  There was also a book nook that I browsed briefly while waiting for my order to arrive.  One book was all about The Lemonade Diet.  You get the gist.  Why is it that so many natural/health food restaurants and markets are in bed with pseudo-science, Eastern culture, and New Age mysticism? Perhaps it's the health food crowd's general mistrust of mainstream culture that results in a gratuitous openness to anything that seems to be a counter-culture alternative to the mainstream.  The irony is that whether the pedlar is selling cheese burgers, snake oil, or scientifically-unsound books touting fad diets, the profit-motive remains the same.  It is the stealthy hand of corporate culture that tries to tempt the health food crowd with non-mainstream offerings.  I think there must be marketing research which suggests that health food advocates are susceptible to buying anything that appears to be outside of mainstream culture, as long as it makes attractive claims to improve our physical and spiritual health.  It's pretty insulting, if you ask me.But none of that is a critique of the Go Raw Cafe.  Just an observation.  On to the dining experience.Our waiter started by asking my dining partner and me if we had been there before.  When learning that we had not, he provided us with some luke-warm recommendations of a couple of things that he liked all right, and warned us about some other things that he didn't care for, but which some people apparently do like.  It almost seemed as if he were apologizing in advance for the menu.  Seeing as the Smoothies and Veggie Juices were in the range of $6 to $9 each, we just ordered a couple of waters with lemon to start with.  The tepid waiter brought our waters in small plastic glasses without ice.  My dining partner's lemon wedge was all skin and no pulp. We decided to split the International Sampler and a half-order of the vegi-cotti.  I was looking forward to the hummus and garlic bread sticks that were part of the International Sampler.  But when our food arrived, I couldn't see or taste any hummus anywhere.  Maybe it was inside of the Mexi Wrap, or mixed in with the Pasta?  As for the garlic bread sticks, there were four of them, stuck upright into the pasta.  They were about the length of a finger with only half the girth.  They were crisp, barely flavored, and gone in six bites.The pasta primavera that came with the vegi-cotti looked almost identical to the pasta that came with the International Sampler, but there was a very subtle difference in taste.  The taste of the food was unusual, but not unpleasant.  It was interesting, but not exciting.  I never had any hesitation or reluctance about eating the food because I knew it was healthy and wholesome.  But I eat healthy, wholesome meals all the time without having to sacrifice good taste and delicious flavors. One can eat healthy and also enjoy it. This food was merely edible.  It didn't taste like shit.  It wasn't repulsive.  But this is not high praise. The menu was also overpriced given the moderate serving portions.  You don't get a lot of food for the price you pay.  Our meal came to $26, and we had no leftovers. The best I can say about the Go Raw Cafe is that it serves healthy, edible food.  But it is under-seasoned and overpriced, and I have no desire to go back there.
5	Vegan and raw food extraordinaire! A great little place tucked away in a tiny shopping center. I ordered the veggie wrap which had an awesome pesto, almond cheese, veggies, and an avocado handsomely wrapped in a collard green. So good. It was fresh, delicious and left me feeling comfortably full. I had the blueberry cheesecake too. I'm hoping to get back there again while in Vegas.
4	I am a vegetarian (have been for my entire life) and I never order salads (except papaya salads at Thai restaurants) unless I have no other choice. I bought the Groupon for Go Raw literally 6 months ago and decided to finally go there today. My groupon expires tomorrow. I was dreading this visit primarily because I'm not at all a fan of raw vegetables for the most part. I was pleasantly surprised. My husband and I entered the small cosy restaurant right next to the lake (sounds quaint and nice but the lake is actually pretty smelly) and we were surprised to see 4 tables (out of a total of about 7) with people. On a Tueday night. Vegas. Raw food place. Yes..I was intrigued. As we were having dinner, a few more tables got filled.There was one waitress for the entire place. A very sweet young lady who was knowledgeable about the food and had some very good suggestions. Our order:1. We ordered the only cooked item in the store : their hot soup ($5.80 for a bowl). This was a simple blend of multiple vegetables in a thick stock with spices. We literally licked our bowls clean2. Cheeseburger with "fries" (about $10.50) - the burger patty is made out of beets, various vegetables and grains and was presented in between 2 pieces of sprouted bread, tomatoes, onions, homemade ketchup/mustard and of course a generous helping of fresh avocado and almond "cheese". I was floored at how flavorful the burger was. It was one of the top 5 veggie burgers I've had in my life. When the ingredients are presented to you on a Yelp review, they do not look appetizing. In fact, the burger itself looked pretty bad. But the food is mighty mighty tasty. The burger came with their raw fries. I'm not sure what they were made of (I think avocado and some breading) but these were pretty bad. I'd skip this next time3. The "Manicotti.:" I got the half order that was $8.88. If I were Chinese, this would be my lucky meal! I have to rave about the side "pasta salad." This was made with slivered zuchinni/squash and various different veggetables and had such robust flavors of spices and garlic and marinara all over it. I didn't even miss not having spaghetti. This was just the best alternative to pasta I have ever had the pleasure of tasting. The Manicotti itself was also pretty good. Our meal came up to just under 30 dollars.I regret being so close-minded to not try this gem in Las Vegas nestled away in the Lakes area. To have the opportunity to eat clean, absolutely unprocessed food is hard to come by anywhere and although I don't believe I could follow this lifestyle (as unintrusive to nature as it may be) on a full-time basis, I think it does wonders to partake in a meal like this ever so often. I'm looking forward to my next meal here. I've already set a date on my 2011 calendar for this.
4	A long time ago (okay not that long ago) I bought a Groupon for Go Raw. As typical for my procrastinating self, the Groupon was not used until the day it expired. I wish we hadn't waited so long, and I wish we would have gotten another Groupon.This place is hidden away in a strip mall that is really not on any major road. It is nestled right off the "lake" and you can admire many a large house from the seats inside. We arrived at about 11am, and the place was pretty quiet. We were greeted right away by a very helpful and friendly young woman. She was really excited that it was our first time, and she offered us many suggestions. She also went over some of the differences in how raw food is made. The wife and I chuckled a bit as we don't look like your typical "health food" eaters, but on the inside we are both hippies, so we knew what to expect. We went with the International Sampler and the Veggie Sushi plus the chocolate cheesecake for dessert. My first reaction to the sampler was how big it was. It is pricey for sure, but the I really expected the portions to be smaller after reading other Yelper reviews. Everything on the sampler was delicious. The hummus is the best I've ever had. I don't like runny hummus, and this is not. It has little chunks of chickpeas, has a nice strong garlic taste and the raw tahini flavor is nutty but not overpowering. I could have eaten a pound of the stuff. The Mexi-cali wraps were very flavorful and fresh. The guacamole was incredible. However, my favorite was the pasta. I don't like zucchini, but the pasta was so delicious. The sauce was beyond words. I wish I had bottles of the stuff. It was like a marinara salsa but was so full of flavor. The veggie sushi was also delicious. It was jam packed with fresh veggies and some sort of flavorful paste. The seaweed was a bit chewy, but other than that it was very good. The ginger sauce was also very strong, but not overpowering. The chocolate cheesecake was not made in house, but was good. It was a bit grainy, but tasted like cheese cake. It was very small, but was nice to split after having filled ourselves full at lunch.This won't be a normal stop for us as its a bit out of the way and a bit pricey, but it was a very good filling healthy meal. As other reviewers mentioned, they do have assorted food, supplements and books for purchase. Nothing seemed to out of the ordinary. There was also a lot of art on the walls.
4	The smoothies were amazing!  Yes, it has a healthy fresh food smell as you walk in, but it's enjoyable.  The food was delicious and was great to try something new.  I had the Mediterranean pizza and my husband tried their version of burger and fries...be aware that the smoothies will fill you up, so don't order too much after that.  As others said, it's a little pricey, but you get what you pay for.  If we were in the area, I'd think about stopping by again.
5	If you enjoy raw vegan living cuisine, then this is for you.  Personally, I enjoy raw vegan more than cooked vegan or vegetarian.  There a more gourmet quality to me.  I've visited both this store and their other store on the East side of Las Vegas.  Have had all sorts of dishes, smoothies and juices and all have been tasty, well-presented and satisfying.  If you've never tasted raw vegan dishes, then treat yourself.  I suspect you'll be very pleasantly surprised.  Your body will certainly love you for it.  Just don't expect a $5 meal.  Prepared raw (at a restaurant) I've always found to be a bit more pricey and that's to be expected with fresh, organic prep.
4	It can be tough to find good vegetarian restaurants here in Vegas, so I am definitely a fan of Go Raw. The cafe is located in a nice part of town and has a funky yet relaxing vibe. They sell a variety of books, tea, and snacks, with seating for about fifteen to twenty people inside.I got the Mediterranean Salad Wrap, and while I did enjoy it, I would recommend just ordering the salad version -- much more food for just a dollar more. Go Raw is known for their smoothies and for a good reason. My friend ordered their version of the cookies & creme milkshake which was sooo good and filling enough for a whole meal. Next time I go I will definitely try one.
3	This place was alright. Good selection of books and the juice we tried was tasty (something with coconut water/flesh, beets, carrots, and ginger) plus the staff was nice. But when we came on a Saturday they were out of wheat grass and out of raw pies. Kind of a bummer. We tried a couple of packaged cookies (not made in house) that were good.The main drawback is that this place is expensive. Raw food always is, but this felt a little excessive for Vegas (more like NYC prices).
4	This is one of the only few vegan restaurants in Vegas, so automatically I am a fan of this healthy establishment overlooking a man made lake with nice houses & boats. If you plan on visiting, order by phone and pick-up for an outdoor picnic, there's seating outside. Bring some breadcrumbs or seeds for geese and ducks by the water so they can get a treat too.The place is pricy, but the food is healthy, tasty and nicely prepared. I got mock salmon sushi and portobello mushroom wrap and I enjoyed both but got hungry soon after (I'll blame the workout I had earlier) Next time, I want to explore their little shop a bit more and get the hazelnut mousse. It's a nice little restaurant and gathering spot for vegan and health conscious people.-YanaFor more vegan reviews, pictures and recipes, visit http://www.littlemissvegan.com
4	The last time I tried an appetizer and entree here was a few years back, I remembered enjoying it, but it's too vague for me to write about. Perhaps I will get an entree one day and update my review then. I have just moved out to Vegas from California and finally reunited myself with this wonderful place. (Hooray!)I got their Body Cleanser juice (beets, apples, and a couple other things)  the first time I returned. I was nervous about the flavor because I have never had anything like it, but it was absolute love at first sip. I don't know what the heck I was tasting, but it was goooood. Also, beets tend to dye things so beware of your clothing, enjoy your red "kool-aid" tongue, and have fun when you go to the bathroom. Heh. Also bought a raw apple cookie, and that wasn't bad. Raw cookies are VERY different from baked cookies, that's all I can say. Not bad, but will not get it again.The second time, I returned to try the Kookies n Kream smoothie and a raw chocolate cheesecake. The way they make smoothies just blows my mind. I witnessed the juice chef chop open a fresh young coconut for the juice in my smoothie, and collect a bunch of other fresh ingredients that he skillfully threw together into the blender to make my delicious bev. All good stuff, no nonsense fillers such as sugary juices and ice. Because there was no ice or anything like that, my smoothie came out a bit warmer than I expected a smoothie to be. It was very thick though, and it filled me up surprisingly fast. But then again, I was also chowing down my cute little plastic bowl of raw chocolate cheesecake. That was very tasty as well, and it was even a bit sweet to me! Both items I tried were very good this time, and it left me full in a good way...if I were to eat a plate of nachos and a slice of cheesecake from Cheesecake factory, I would be full too...but it would be a "stuck" kind of full. Like my digestive system would be clogged up with a bunch of junk. After I finished up my meal here, I was stuffed, but I felt wide awake and walking didn't feel like a chore at all! :) This is healthy, guilt-free stuff people. And for that, I would gladly pay what they ask for.  Service is good, nothing over the top and impressive, but I am pretty easy-going about service. As long as they are not bitchy or slow, they're good in my book...and the staff is far from bitchy and slow. If your food is served a bit slower than you like, remember, they are making this stuff fresh! Not Jack in the Box "we don't make it 'til you order it fresh", this is "I just climbed a tree to pick the coconut for your juice" fresh!
4	Last night I enjoyed the "Neat Loaf" at Go Raw Cafe on the Lake.  The view is amazing, and the paintings inside the cafe are phenomenal.  I was just expecting a regular cafe, but they have an array of superfoods, vitamins, and books for sell as well.  I just moved to vegas from ohio, and this is now going to be one of my regular spots.  I look forward to trying the Beet Burger with Fries next time!
1	Absolutely terrible.  When I think of raw food, I think salads.  I think hummus, tabbouleh, with raw, fresh veggies, or gazpacho... Things like that.  This place however, was unlike anything I have ever seen.  If I see it again, I'll know to give up, get up, and go to Taco Bell.  The only dish, ordered by the entire party of 6, that was remotely appetizing was the raw, shredded zucchini with cold marinara sauce.  Their version of sprouted bread was an abomination.  And trust me, don't order the mock meat loaf patty thingy.  You'd be better off ordering a refrigerated cow pie.  Way too expensive.  The waitress was aloof and inattentive.
2	Alright well I will attempt to make this review as Raw as possible, My boss is on this Go Raw kick and decided that we were having Go Raw Cafe for lunch. The menu was put on my desk and I took a close look and needless to say I picked the closest to normal thing I could find on the menu which to me happened to be the house salad. He mentioned they make the salads gigantic so just order a half. When I arrived at the Cafe I walked in and I must admit it smelled a little odd. I put that off that I am used to walking into places that cook the food you are eating and that have a smell of some sort of meat or fryer. Unfortunately I cannot pin point what the smell was. I then ordered the salads, which yes, they were huge. The lady that was working on our salads guaranteed me that I would love it and I would be back. Now, Let me take just a moment and acknowledge that she was very enthusiastic and upbeat when it came to pitching the company, but I wonder if I ordered it to eat in instead of to go, would the pitch had been the same.Let me just break it down why I am only giving 2 stars. 1. Yes the salad was huge, but sometimes quantity over quality is not a good thing2. The overwhelming smell was a huge set back for me3. The salad was overly plain, nothing spectacularThis place is just not for me and it is one of those places that I think you need to be fully into the Vegan lifestyle to truly appreciate a place like this. I am in not saying that this place all around sucks but I am saying that I will not be back.
5	This place is a God-send in sin city, where everything is all you can eat and larger than life meat, fish and other scary stuff!  EEK.But seriously, I'm traveling on business in Las Vegas as I type, and I have been going daily for my juice fix!The Green Zing juice  is amazing, especially with the apple, lemon and ginger combo.  It tastes refreshing and hits the spot.  Ahhhh, my body is so happy.  I also had a sample of this energized cinnamon ginger honey water drink yesterday.  Tasty and a little sweet.  They also have wheatgrass shots, E3 live, all the good stuff.The staff are friendly in this open air kitchen and shop.  This cafe is the "Raw Makery" company which has flax crackers, breads, kale chips, cookies and other raw snacks/foods distributed all over the U.S., particularly NYC and Florida.  How cool is that?I haven't tried the food yet, but when I am off my liquid detox (when I'm I not on one?), then I'll write about it.  The grocery shop is pretty cool.  They actually sell clear agave which is the "rawest" form of agave, not the yellow/brown stuff that we all see and labeled as raw.  There's some processing that goes on so the colour turns yellow.  The plant give you clear, so that's the original form.  There's a nice selection of Health Force Nutritional products too.I'm a regular now, with a juice card, buy 8 and your 9th is free.  With at least 2 juices a day, I'll be there before I return to NYC.
4	Raw, vegan food sounds scary to the uninitiated.  Nothing is cooked, no animal products are used=what the hell am I going to eat? But, do not be afraid, the raw-foodist vegans will not hurt you. You may even really, really like their food.The menu at Go Raw resembles most american restaurants.  They have sandwiches, salads, smoothies, "burgers," etc.  The ingredients, however, are a bit different.  For example, the "living bread" used for the burgers and pizzas is not really bread, and it's alive (but dehydrated -- it's not crawling around your plate).  Go Raw also does not use animal products whatsoever, so, their "sour dream" ain't your grandma's sour cream (meaning no cows involved).My go-to favorites are the Purple Burrito, purple cabbage wrapped around veggies, guacamole and and salsa. Soo tasty and healthy.  I also love the Mexicali Sampler which allows you to taste several entrees such as the Enchiladas, Mexi Toast, Flax Crax, and Mexi Wrap.   If you're looking for safe bets, try the pizzas, sandwiches, or "burgers."  I may sound like a total wacko, but, whenever I eat at Go Raw, I feel totally energized for the rest of my day.  I love bloody, bloody meat but I get why the raw foodists swear by this stuff.My only criticisms are that the food is crazy salty and the food takes forreeevvverr to get.  I realize the saltiness is probably to make up for the fact that nothing is cooked, but, damn, I drink a lot of water after eating here.  Regardless, Go Raw is great for someone looking for healthy food that is actually delicious as well.  P.S. - If you're a first timer, try the Westside location, it's, in my opinion, better than the Windmill location.
5	We drove out to the westside location yesterday.  Bit of a drive to get there from the strip (20 mins).  We ordered the pate platter with hummus and spicy mex pate, with carrots and zucchini chips.  We licked the plate dry.  The sprouts that were the garnish were amazing also.My wife got the mediterrenean salad.  Tasted really good!  I got the Gimme the Beet "Cheese" Burger with fries.  The burger was really well done.  The addition of beets was a surprising success!  The avocado fries were a bit interesting.  I liked it.  My wife thought it had a weird texture.We each got a veggie juice and again it was great!! (could you tell that we were hungry??? :))Definitely a recommended place to go in vegas if you're vegan.  Nice view of the lake next door also.  Food came out quick, I had read reviews that it took forever.   Only problem is that I probably won't be able to return on our trip :(
4	The juices here are interestingly delicious and I could easily become addicted to them.  I could have one twice a day.    This is a veggie heaven in Las Vegas, where it is tough to find something healthy to eat.The restaurant is hard to find, even with a GPS and just a few wobbly tables inside a store front, but the food is yummy.  This is a great place to come when you need a healthy alternative after a night of overindulgence.  If I lived in Vegas, I would probably do take-out, but the the woman who served us was very sweet, and I enjoyed our conversation.
5	Best green zing juice! Plenty of take out snacks. Best chipotle Kale chips.I'm back, and it's just as awesome as I remembered.  Although I'm on yet _another_ cleanse, I broke down and had a lot of food as mentioned above and below.  I sampled the pizza thing - the crust was a flat bread made with almonds and seeds, finally a bread without buckwheat!  I also had their desserts, WOW.  The dark chocolate heart with almonds and currants, to die for and I don't like chocolate and I'm allergic...eek.  I also had the fudge which is really nuts and seeds in a bar, sweet and lovely.  Filling, and still eating some now.  Fabulous.A double bonus is that they soak all their nuts and seeds for easier digestibility and absorption and less fattening! =)  Yes, ladies we can enjoy a little and not feel too guilty.Everything is fresh and made on the spot.  The staff are so friendly, just love them.  It's not your upscale place like NYC's Pure Food and Wine, but the food and people are great.  They have take out snacks, desserts, books, supplements, drinks and even t-shirts with their logo.  They occasionally hold raw food preparation classes too.Whenever I'm in Las Vegas, you'll definitely find me here!
1	Went into Raw Food Cafe today to get a juice and I was denied.  The door was open, people were in there, I saw the veggies.  But when I went to the counter the girl said "no" the air conditioning was out and they were going to close.  I don't think it would have been a big deal to throw some veg into the juicer,  but she preferred to turn away a customer.  I probably will not go back.
5	If your looking for healthy food in Vegas, look no further! Everything is fresh, & RAW! I'm not a health nut, & I love a good bloody steak, but we all have to try some rabbit food now & again & this will not disappoint, even super picky eaters like myself. The wraps are huge (a half portion is the same size as a wrrap from most fast food places) & not too pricey, the smothies are AMAZING, & though they are a little overpriced (8 bucks for a drink?!??!?!) its well worth it. I will save a couple trips to starbucks & do my body a favor by coming here more often. They also have a great little reading section & its one of the only places I have found Kombucha, statewide!
5	wonderful vegan raw foods! every item is amazeballz De-lish
5	Las Vegas, you have a treasure.  This place should be front and center. Get your asses in and try it!
4	I love the food here, especially the Mexicali Combination. I'm not a health food nut, although I am coming around to avoiding all the damn chemicals and preservatives that the food and pharm industries like us to consume.It is not cheap to eat organic or raw, so the food here is not inexpensive. But every once in a while my body says, "Dude," (I call my friends Dude often so I think my body is trying to mimick me here) "Dude," it says, "I need something in that raw, yummy goodness so please direct the car to the Raw Food Cafe." I find that when I oblige, I feel much better, especially the next day or two. If I don't, it's okay, as long as I don't mind paying the price for resisting my body's request for the fuel it is asking for.
3	This place could be so much more than it is.  Incredible location, right on the lake; cool art & a nice vibe; and I enjoy the idea of eating well.  A good cleaning would do Go Raw a world of good. Whatever natural cleaning products you'd like to use, and put some muscle into it!  The food is OK & the juices are wonderful.  It would be so much better if the food quality was up there with the juice quality.  I had an apple, beet, carrot and cucumber juice that made me happy all afternoon.  It tasted amazing, fresh and sweet.  However, the bruschetta was like cardboard - my teeth hurt after the first bite - and my salad had wet lettuce in it.  The prices are a bit steep... I paid $14+ for a large salad and regular-sized juice.  There is so much potential here - I hope they can make Go Raw into the cool little (clean) funky restaurant I know it could be.
4	This was a rare find! I'm a gluten free vegan and it was great to be able to order anything I wanted on the menu! We actually ate here once on our trip to LasVegas and came back the next day to pick up a dessert to go. For our dinner, I had the Beet Burger and my  boyfriend had the Enchilada. We loved both of them! The avocado "fries" weren't really to my taste, but the burger more than made up for it!  For dessert the first time, I had the "cheesecake" I was a little disappointed because it was not made in the store, but prepackaged. It tasted fine, though. The second dessert we got the  next day to go, was "fudge". It was good, but the name is misleading. The "fudge" was made with oats and nuts. It was good, but not fudge like. Also, the staff was not sure if the oats were gluten free, or not .This place has the typical health food store atmosphere that I love and will definitely come back again!
4	The food was terrific! :) A-Chips & salsa were great!I had the veggi cotti, WONDERFUL!!  The "pasta" had the perfect amount of garlic, nice flavor!My man had the burger, DO NOT eat the "catsup" it seriously tasted heartburn acid. It was horrible & I never want that taste in my mouth again.The service was lacking & not great.  Management needs to step up!!!This place has soooo much potential, I feel sad seeing it in it's current state.  Beautiful view of the Lakes.  I will go back because the food was great, but we'll take it to go next time.
2	This place was sooo disappointing!!! I am highly confused on the rave reviews.Just to let everyone know It takes a lot to get a bad review from me. I usually give places the benefit of the doubt. And I was SO hoping this place would be amazing. But it sucked! First off it is located in a beautiful location right on the lake. But as we were walking up we couldn't sit outside because there was garbage everywhere! And I mean everywhere the ground in front of the door, all over the 2 tables. Not a big deal because we could just sit inside but when we got in it was confusing. Is it a self serve cafe or restaurant? the decor is funky there are a few tables strewed around and to the side there is a mini store (just shelves). I finally had to ask if we should seat ourselves to which our rude "waitress" if you call her that.. told us to pick a seat. After 15-20 min she came up and asked us what we would like to drink. By then we already knew what we wanted and started to order. She looked at us very strangely and walked away. I was under the impression thats how we ordered considering she ordered our drinks...I ordered the Beet Burger..and my boyfriend ordered the loaf i think.. The food was eh'. Considering the price I expected a little more but it was fine. After we had finished..30 minutes later she finally came back and gave us our check. This was also confusing because there was a bar to order things and a mini cash register on the side. We were not sure if we were to pay there or to her. So i just assumed we pay up front. We waited for 15 minutes while the woman talked to another woman about some products. This place has so much potential. Especially because there are not many raw/vegan restaurants here in Vegas.Save yourself the time..
5	Hands down the BEST raw food in all of Las Vegas. I've taken plenty of meat eaters here and so far every last person has enjoyed their meal.
5	I searched vegan restaurant in las Vegas and up comes everything in the search. Like Prime Rib Loft.... This place is an actual vegetarian and vegan place.  The food is good here. If that kind of food is what you like.  I have eaten at the west restaurant and every here has been good.  Some are for more extreme eaters but if you just want a good house said theirs is fine for normal eaters too. My wife and I have had about 8 different things and all were ok.  Several were great. Two were not my preference. But I tried and ate them ok and would try something else next time. I see some complaints about some of the more extreme meals on this site. All I can say is talk to the waiters.  The first time I went in the manager awaited on us and told me that the juice that I was thinking about was not what I wanted.  It's an old-time hippy interior design inside.  I will be back.
4	My usual vegan lunch spot was closed for the holiday so I had to find a new option.  Thought I'd try some raw deliciousness since I have not been so kind to my body over the New Year's Weekend.  I had a half order of the enchilada and a reg #5 juice (can't recall the name, but I asked for the greenest one).  On the one hand I wasn't crazy about my enchilada.  It was alright, but it's what you would expect going to a Raw Vegan Cafe.  Very earthy and healthy.  Things I love, but a stereotypical experience none the less.  Also, bear in mind I compare this enchilada with the ones from Gracias Madre and Cafe Gratitude in San Fran... and those really are amazing.  So I didn't hate it, but i certainly will be ordering something else next time.  As for my juice, I really liked it.  Very cucumber-y (which kind of made it taste (i assume) and smell like Nair).  Once my taste buds adjusted to the cuc, i enjoyed it thoroughly.I will certainly be back.  I left feeling satisfied and full of energy, and that's what food is all about right!  There were tons of entre options that seemed delicious, I had trouble deciding.FYI, google maps and yelp BOTH steered me near the restaurant but dumped me off in the surrounding neighborhood.  Easy to find, just follow the old fashioned indicators that you're close by - street name, number, and sign.
3	I have to admit the reason why I gave this location in particular three star is because of the location itself. It was such a hassle for myself in order to find this place (did anyone else have trouble too?) For a raw & organic cafe, I can't believe how tucked away it is from everything else on the west side of town! Sure, the lake view side is beautiful, but I'm a little puzzled at how this place gets business if their location is nearly secretive from everything else on the west side of Vegas? Well, the location sort of does make it seem like a cafe sort of atmosphere you would find in California, but I really did wish the location would be more out in the open in the area!Compared to the one on the east side, the area is very cramped & small (once again it has the California cafe-esque type atmosphere). Their food is just as delicious as the one on Windmill, & they have quite an extensive selection of books at this location (even a more privatized area to browse, unlike the Windmill cafe). The staff here seemed to have really good relations with the locals who come here, since the day I went there seemed to be a revolving door of people that knew each other & were at the most happy (which made me felt a little more homey at this location). Same great menu at this location, just a real pain to get to!
1	If you want to go to "Go Raw Cafe" make sure you go to the other locationwhat makes me unhappy here is1. I asked for a shot of wheatgrass and the person who took my order went to cut the glass and put it in the juicer without first putting on a glove. gross!!!!2.I asked to pay first 3 times , two times she didn't respond and the last time she asked me to wait until the other girl is done preparing but she didn't even communicate that to the other girl. so I had to wait until I finished the meal.3. people working here not very helpful or friendly4. no salad bar like the other location5. I am not a vegan so I didn't know that the carrot soup is cold soup. and there's no mentioning of cold soup in the menu.  I really didn't like it!
1	Okay. Today is the day... I am submitting my very first 1 star Yelp review. Please forgive me.So, I must first state that I am not a vegetarian or vegan, but I am an open minded person ESPECIALLY when it comes to food. I frequently visit vegetarian/vegan-friendly restaurants--My favorite being VeggieGrill in LA. Today, my vegetarian friend and I decide to make a trip to Go Raw Cafe because 1. My friend is a vegetarian and we typically cater to his preference when dining and 2. It is Ash Wednesday when Catholics observe by not consuming meat. We arrive at Go Raw Cafe pretty excited being that it was our first time. We even mention this to the woman behind the counter who didn't receive our enthusiasm as we thought. She simply tells us to take a seat at the tables and she'd be there shortly. To her, "shortly"  meant ten minutes.We politely asked the waitress what she would recommend. We went with a few of her recommendations and ordered the Mexicali Pizza, the Neat Loaf and "Fries," and a Tropical Smoothie. We were also served two glasses of water with about one ice cube in each glass. We asked for more ice which never came. So... our food arrived. As soon as it was placed in front of us, we were somewhat satisfied. Presentation was pretty decent. The Mexicali Pizza looked very well put together, the Neat Loaf and "Fries" looked "interesting" and the smoothie was well, not worth the couple cents shy of $7.00. It was about the size of a small in most places. Onto the taste. The Mexicali Pizza tasted how it looked--decent. The buckwheat crust was just not what I imagined it to be. It was about the consistency of what you would imagine biting into a dog biscuit would be like. The toppings tasted very similar to a 7 layer dip which wasn't bad. The Neat Loaf was in my opinion, disgusting. We knew the second we took our fork to it, it wasn't going to be a great experience. The consistency was like that of poop. Kind of looked like it too to be honest. The "fries" were what I believe to be breaded avocados. I have never wanted to endulge in the greasy goodness of REAL fries ever in my life until after biting into those things.  I honestly try to make the best of every moment, and my friend and I were willing to order something else off the menu. When they waitress came, my friend had told her the Neat Loaf was not what it imagined it to be and asked about another item on the menu. I'm sure she took this as an insult, and she disregarded his question about the other item and asked "do you want to box it up?" My friend replied, "Um, no, I don't think we're going to eat it later." She then says, "then give it to your parents." Puzzled, he says, "Um. No." Turned off and no longer interested in ordering something else, my friend reminds her of the ice she never brought us and she comes back with it ten minutes later. After all that, I asked for the check, paid the $40.00 tab (in which I did leave a tip that my friend said I shouldn't have based on our poor service), and we left in search of something to eat. We wished we had just gone to Yardhouse for their Gardein items.  I do not plan to return to Go Raw Cafe... Or maybe I shall call it "NO Raw Cafe."Note: It is obvious that Go Raw Cafe caters mainly to their "regulars." Sitting there for the time that we did, it was clear that we were not treated like their "regular" patrons were and not only felt ignored, but felt unwelcomed. First impressions often are lasting impressions.
3	I was visiting from California and decided to try this restaurant along with my sister and parents.  The place has a nice vibe, is clean and cheerfully decorated.  I perused their selection of supplements and also the raw foods available for purchase to take home while waiting for our order to come up.  (They also have a fairly large selection of books but I did not have a chance to look at those.)The food was pretty good and it did come out quickly but the service left a lot to be desired.  There was neither silverware nor napkins at any of the tables--not a big deal but our server did not bring any out for us even once we were seated although she did bring us glasses of water with lemon slices.  We decided to order the flax crackers with guacamole and salsa and share it as an appetizer.  The food arrived pretty soon after with some brightly colored melamine plates but--still no napkins or silverware, which was a bummer since of course chips 'n' salsa can be a bit messy.  The chips were crispy and had a good flavor and the salsa and guac were obviously fresh and brightly colored.  The guac had a good consistency with little bits of veggies in it and the salsa was chunky.  (We could have used a few more chips though.)My father ordered a small salad and the cooked item of the day--a curried soup.  Mom ordered a portabello wrap, sis had the purple burrito with mex pate and I decided to try the mock salmon cakes.  Everything looked great and was beautifully presented on colorful dishes.  Our waitress did eventually bring us napkins and silver but she just plopped down four settings at the side of the table rather than handing them to us.  She never did take away our menus after we'd ordered so I finally moved them to an adjacent table.  I don't think she ever checked back with us to make sure our food was OK but she did eventually come back to refill our water glasses.  (The place was not busy, either--I think there was just one other customer there at the same time that we were.) I have to say I was disappointed with the "salmon"--perhaps I should have gone with my other choice which was the "neat loaf."  The rest of my family seemed to enjoy their food well enough though. We had a somewhat tight schedule so I'd inquired early on if their desserts could be ordered "to go."  Our waitress said that they could; she said she would find out what the day's selections were and let us know what they had.  She said she thought they had "pies" but she never did get back to us on that.  At the end of our meal I got up myself , went to the kitchen and inquired about desserts which, as it turned out, did NOT include any pies.  They had several flavors of individually packaged cheesecakes, some commercial chocolate bars, and something billed as "fudge" that looked mostly like chunks of chocolate-tinged granola.We decided to take three cheesecakes and some "fudge" to go.  As soon as we'd gotten up from the table our waitress came out to clear the table and as we were on our way out the door she thanked us for coming.  The cheesecakes were quite tasty.  The "fudge" was not bad but I really think it should be called something else--it really is nothing like fudge.  It has nuts, seeds, honey, and some cocoa in it but not particularly fudgey.Overall I would probably go there again to try some of the other items on the menu but I am interested in raw foods to begin with.  I don't know if my family liked the place well enough to want to go back.  The Go Raw Cafe gets points from me for the wide variety of menu selections, pleasing food presentation, and the speed in which we were served.  Subtract points for our waitress not doing basic things such as bringing us silver right away, not taking up our menus, and not checking back with us once we were eating.
4	The food is really good and fresh -- I was surprised as I am not a veg, so this was one of my first times in a shop of this nature. I had the burritto and smoothie, both were fantastic. It's a bit overpriced, but I think they can do that -- considering the time it takes to prepare and the quality of the product. Also, as previously mentioned, time to prepare is a bit lengthy but understandable.
4	Hard to find the restaurant in the parking lot, it's tucked away in the back corner. This was my first experience with vegan food. I was impressed, the food had excellent flavor for being served cold, I heated mine up and it was better than expected. I ordered take out, which was very easy and my food was ready on time. The quality is outstanding for the price. If you are a vegetarian or vegan this place is a must try.Note, there is a small section of the restaurant used as a vegan store, score!
3	I've been vegan for 2 years but not raw. I recently got interested in raw food so when Bob found this place during our trip to Vegas, I was eager to try it and we went for dinner. The results were mixed to say the least.  The atmosphere is very casual and the service lackadaisical. The appetizer of hummus and sprouted bread was awesome, could not have been better. I liked my green juice and Bob loved his multi-juice concoction of carrot, tomato, green, etc. We both ordered lasagna, bec I ordered it first and Bob copied me, and then I refused to change my order to something else. Big mistake.The lasagne looked good, and parts of it were good. But there was some kind of sauce in it that tasted strangely bitter and sour that was a total turn off. I picked it apart and ate the greens and squash and avoided the yucky sauce. The little salad mix and toast squares were tasty. The food was really filling as others have mentioned so small portions are just what you need.During the meal, Bob mentioned that he felt like his sinuses were stopping up and we chalked it up to hayfever. We bought a few packaged things from the store to go. On the way back to the hotel, Bob macked on some cinnamon & raisin "tortillas" that smelled great but tasted like sand.  The really bad news is that Bob rediscovered a flaxseed allergy that he had only experienced once 10 years ago and had forgotten about,  that within 30 minutes had closed up his throat and made his neck swell up like he was storing nuts for the winter. A trip to the ER and 5.5 hours later, Bob was on the mend from various injections and IV drips (food allergies are nothing to f with as you may know) and we spent another hour finding a CVS pharm that was open and getting prescriptions filled. So much for a fun night out in Vegas.None of that was the fault of the restaurant but it did put a damper on the experience, not to mention that Bob's newfound sense of adventure to try vegan/raw foods with me has been set back about a decade.
5	If this place had been in Vegas 20 years ago I might not have given it up being a vegan.  If you like raw vegan food, this restaurant will not disappoint.The food is fresh and good.  It has that wonderful clean smell of a vegan restaurant that serves green juices.The atmosphere was very laid back, relaxed and casual.  It's a small, casual place with a homey feel.  The waitress had a calm, gentle demeanor.  She was very helpful without being intrusive.  She didn't breathe down our necks, or interrupt our meal.  The food was served promptly.  I had the vegi coti and the #2 juice, and took the gimme the beat burger home to my husband.    My friend had a salad and a smoothie.  We finished with delectable carob pie.  I thought it would be good but it was much better than I expected.The food was not  salty, over processed, frozen and heated, or greasy.  The flavor came from authentic fresh ingredients.  It's my new favorite place to eat out.One tip I can offer to first time diners if you aren't accustomed to raw vegan food - don't compare it to what your normally eat.  Don't expect the pizza to tasted like a typical pizza.  They don't use the same ingredients or prepare things in the same way.  Vegan restaurants go by a different set of standards and should be judged by those standards.Update:  Loved it so much I went back yesterday, this time with my family.  My husband ordered the purple burrito, my son ordered the American pizza and I ordered the beet burger.  We each ordered a different delicious smoothie with our meals.  I told my son in advance - "Don't expect it to taste like what you are used to."  We all tasted from each others plates.  We all loved all three plates, although my son didn't like the crust of the pizza.  It's raw vegan flatbread, and even though my husband and I loved it because it has a wonderful nutty flavor that compliments  the fresh toppings, my son prefers a  traditional pizza crust..  Unless you already appreciate raw vegan food, you might  want to order items that don't have a crust.Before we left we picked up a cookbook so that we can attempt some raw vegan meals at home.  We can't wait to return to Go Raw Cafe!
5	Ok, I'm not a vegan. In fact, when my hubby picked me up for lunch and surprised me by taking me to this little hidden restaurant, I was a wee bit nervous about finding something on the menu I would like. Instead, I just returned to my office, handed my co-worker the menu, insisted she go eat there for lunch, and sat down to write this review. Yup, it was THAT good. When we walked in, we were greeted by Areeya who informed us that the salads and pizzas (on gluten free crust) were something that were favorited by most since we were new to the place. So, that's exactly what we got, a half House Salad with the House dressing and a full Traditional Pizza. We got our salad first and it was a smorgasbord of fresh veggies (avocado, bell pepper, cucumber, mixed greens, sprouts) and nuts mixed with the house dressing which tasted fresh and garlicy. Then came the pizza, which the menu claims is 'unlike any you've ever had'... and this is why that statement is true: The gluten free crust isn't a thin piece tasteless cardboard like one would expect, it is a thick, delicious, buckwheat crust that was the perfect consistency for piling on the delicious pesto marinara, basil, cauliflower, almonds, & walnuts. The flavors were extraordinary! I'm not a total health nut and I'm definitely not a vegan but this place serves up DELICIOUS healthy food and I cannot wait to return to try more items from the menu.TIP: If you're ordering for lunch, call ahead and place your order - It did take a little while to get the food.
3	A little slice of earth that sin city hasn't devoured! Nestled way out in a residential no mans land, welcome to a heath oasis appointed on the corner of an emerald blue lake. The FRESH squeezed green juices are just as legit as Nektar in OC & the vibe is super organic.
5	I was VERY happy to find this restaurant on my recent trip to Las Vagas. It is not a town I can easily eat so Go Raw was a life saver. Not only did they have an interesting menu but the food was fantastic. I want recipes!I'll be back next time I'm in town.
4	When it's time to eat healthy, I turn to Go Raw!! With no microwaves, stoves, or ovens, it's gotta be good for ya, right!?  I submerge myself with granola guys and gals, and certainly don't tell anyone I'm a Republican!  Their juices and smoothies etc are great!  For lunch I've tried the traditional pizza and the international sampler...I like the sampler more, but both were great.It's pricy but you are getting the freshest, finest ingredients you can put in your tum tum, so why not!Friendly service and healthy food can never do you wrong!
5	i love this spot!such cute art work and employees are helpful!i got the house salad and the veggie sushi roll... they were absolutely delicious!! the roll was a fair size and the fillings were delish! i loved the enoki mushrooms!i also bought their dehydrated onion rings and they were a nice change from kale chips.. if im in vegas again i will definitely be back!oh... and i loved the little ducks outside!
4	I checked this place out recently after watching a documentary called Forks Over Knives and I attempting to increase the amount of raw plants in my diet. What I believe was the owner of this place greeted me and continued to give me a lot of information about the lifestyle, he was polite and informed. I would recommend checking this place out.
5	Going raw is hard to do, but with the food that they make here makes it way easier!  The beet burger is one of my favorite things on the menu!  The juices are sweet and healthy!  And the soup is fantastic!  They have a different soup on special every week.  The last one was a curry coup and it blew my mind! There is a dining area along with a cute little store front.  You can eat outside and enjoy the lake!
4	Great salad and I can tell the lady who works here is special. She has the zin
5	I absolutely love eating here! The atmosphere is very earth-like, the staff is super friendly, the food is alive and delicious!I enjoy their fresh juices. The Chlorophyll Cocktail is one of my favorites. I've tried all of their wraps, pizzas, sushi, and most of their salads, and must I say they are all "rawesomely" amazing. Everything taste so fresh and you definitely won't feel sluggish after eating. They also have a mini bookstore where you can read. As well as vitamins and various other health supplies. The location is quite hard to find at first. It's in a small area with random stores by it, and cute little ducks that are great company. An awesome place to try out.It's pricey, but worth it for getting live, nutritious food!
5	This place is soooooo good!! I'm so thankful to have Go Raw near me-- they deliver right to my door!  Fresh organic healthy raw food is all I could ask for. I just wish they made me desserts!
4	I just dined at this spot for the first time yesterday evening with a dear friend.  I am so glad she introduced me to Go Raw.  I wasn't certain what to order so I selected the pizza and she had the veggie pasta.  I'm glad we only ordered 1/2 sizes as the portions are generous.  Initially I was a little sad everything is cold, I know it is a raw spot but the weather is chilly and I wanted to warm up a bit.  I didn't mind the temp of the food at all once I had a warm cup of chamomile tea.  The pizza was seasoned perfectly and the crust was yummy and crunchy.  The veggies were very fresh.  I would order the pizza again. . . in fact I may return tomorrow!  I also shared my friend's veggie pasta, it was fantastic!  Who knew raw food could be so amazing?!  Well. . . now I know, and I will be back to try some more treats.  The very best part of the meal was how I felt after, I felt contently full with out that weighed down feeling.  The staff are super friendly and helpful.  I want to try the curry soup next.  If you are looking to try something different, give Go Raw a shot!
5	There is no better raw food place in town. It's expensive but worth it. I have tried pretty much everything and it is all good. Try the hummus and the Mexicali pizza.It can't be easy to get fresh food in the desert so I'm sure that causes a price increase.
4	My husband and I are going vegan for a couple of weeks to try something new and hopefully rid our bodies of the aftereffects of 6 weeks of holiday gluttony, so for our first vegan lunch out, we tried Go Raw. It was my first experience with raw cuisine and it was good!I felt a little awkward walking in since my husband was wearing a hoodie from the (amazing) Chicago drive-in Superdawg and I was wearing a wool coat and leather boots but hey, no one threw paint on us so everything was good. The seating procedure was a little confusing but you are supposed to seat yourself and wait for someone to show up. Ok. Service was mildly apathetic but competent.The food, meanwhile, was delicious! I loved the carrot avocado soup and my Love juice- apple, beet and ginger, a sweet and refreshing deep pink treat. We ordered half sizes of the vegi-cotti and enchiladas. The enchilada came with yummy guacamole, fake "refried beans" and yam rice. It was tasty and topped with a pretty realistic sour "cream" and red sauce. My vegi-cotti was a huuuuuuge portion with a really flavorful, fresh sauce- a soft tortilla filled with almond cheese and veggies with a side of zucchini pasta. I could not finish my plate and left satisfied.The prices are a bit steep but everything is pretty much prepared-to-order and the ingredients scream FRESH. I will definitely go back as we continue to explore vegan cuisine in Vegas. I want to try the burger and avocado fries next time!
4	Great green drinks and superfood smoothies. My favorite item is their tiramisu - "Coffee Cream" raw desert. The gourmet flavour aspect on some of the items doesn't measure up to many of the restaurants I eaten at in LA, SF, NY or Chicago, but still, it's not half bad. Almost everything is raw and vegan, so you really can't go wrong here.Go Raw has 2 locations. This west-side one is especially nice, because it is next to a man-made lake.
3	The view of the "Lake" was a nice treat. it was my first time at  a Raw food establishment. The waitress was very helpful with my questions and gave me some helpful hints on what to order. The kale salad and tropical smoothie were very filling and refreshing.
4	My husband and I ate at the cafe on Eastern Ave. I have tried raw food a few times before,  including a takeout from Whole Foods, and this was much, much better. I had the " cheeseburger " and "fries" (which are coated avocado slices) and enjoyed them both. What's more both my husband and I had a very filling meal, weren't hungry later and had plenty of energy. The next morning I didn't seem to have the crankiness I often wake up with. This was also the first raw food that didn't sink to the bottom of my stomach and lie there. There is no atmosphere at this place and the service is minimal. There will also be no hot food. And the food will be nothing like what you might expect, but it is quite tasty, very satisfying and, for one who tries to eat very little wheat flour, it's fun to just be able to order anything I want.
4	Sadly since moving to Vegas I have not had many vegan choices for restaurants. But I guess I can't compare to LA where the choices are endless. I love all the smoothies-but I am assuming some are pretty high in calories, especially the ones made my favorite the Pina Cool-Ada and the Vanilla-Bana. I once asked about this calorie question and was told it's only a tablespoon of almonds. The juices are good too, but pricey. They do have a stamp card, but still. Veggie Cocktail is a version of V-8. Good stuff. My favorite thing to eat is the Go Raw House Salad. Luckily they sell it at Whole Foods when I am really craving it and don't want to drive to go Raw. The kale salad is also good. The Gimme the Beet Cheese Burger is good, but the living bread does not do it for me. "Salmon" sushi is good and the Mexicali Sampler, but nothing beats their house salad!
1	Was so excited about trying this restaurant. My boyfriend is a health nut and we try and venture out often. Literally one of the worst meals I've ever had! And I spent a year and a half in Iraq eating MREs!We left without finishing anything and immediately went and got something else to eat...So disappointed. After the first bite my boyfriend looked more disappointed than the little boy on Christmas who didn't get the present he wanted...Never again...PS We tried the carrot and avocado soup, the veggie wrap and the traditional pizza.
5	The go to place for eat all you salad bar and juices. We came here for the juices and wheat grass shots.They also sell vitamins and other nutrients you can add on to your smoothies and juices.
3	So I went here to meet up with a group, but it was a bad experience since most of the group flaked out on me. Anyway, when I got inside, I saw that the decor was very colorful and vibrant. It gave a hippie vibe and it seemed to be runned by hipsters (which I don't mind because I consider myself a hipster). I had one of the strongest juices they had on the menu with the most ingredients. I had the biggest cup...which could've been bigger, but eh it was a good drink anyway. I didn't eat anything so I will update my review once I try their food.
4	Showed up for a meet up happy hour and that wasn't such a hit however Go Raw is a gem. Right off the lake with a beautiful view. The food looked phenomenal as I watched a couple of people eat during our conversation and they validated for me that it was as good as it looked.The juices and smoothies are absolutely incredible and the staff was very friendly.
5	Gah this place makes you feel so healthy, like you could run eight miles carrying a baby elephant. It is confusing for new people, you have to order in the far back of the store, and pay back there as well. The part of the store where you have tables to eat isn't manned a lot, so in theory people could eat and run without paying :(.This is a RAW food cafe, meaning that the food you get is NOT cooked. That's what raw means...so you've been informed. My friend took us here to try it out, she got the Italian Sampler and I chose the 'Cheese' Burger. Everything is made with organic veggies and vegan almond cheese, along with live bread (which is NOT cooked, dur). The cheese was a little dry for my tastebuds, it kind of overpowered the flavor of the bean sprouts and excellent house made catsup and mustard. The bread was really tasty, and the fries are slices of avocado rolled in what looks like crumbs served with the catsup (SO GOOOOD!) Every plate comes with a garnish of bean sprouts and a slice of apple and orange to cleanse your palate. My friend really liked the pasta she had, which was really zucchini, and the lasanga, but the toast with the tomato and cheese was overpowered by the cheese as well, but still very tasty.We got boxes of fudge to go, which is nuts, oats, honey and carob chocolate squares, not at all dry but very moist and sweet. I want to go back and get a bowl of their soup and a smoothie sometime!
3	The layout:Stupid, please, hire an interior decorator or something to help you rearrange your store/cafe. The fact that customers don't even know where to go to order their food or even find the cash register shows that the layout is flawed. It's too cluttered and everyone that walked into the place after us also seemed confused, unless they were a regular. Also, don't have a "bar section" complete with stools and whatnot if you're just going to use the counter to dry off appliances. Gross.The service:Lacking. The lady was nice enough, but she gave us no greeting when we came in, gave us no instruction on of we order/sit first or how to pay.The food:The only decent thing about this place. I got the italian sampler. Lots of tomato, maybe too much, but the pasta was delicious as was the toast and lasagna. The only thing I'd have to say about the lasagna is to lay off whatever herb they put on the tomatoes for that particular dish. It's too overpowering and really ruins the taste of the lasagna itself. Had to scrape it off to enjoy it. Also bought some fudge, which was delicious and I really want to know how they make it.Didn't get to try any smoothies, but will probably back to give it a test.The price:Alittle pricey, which was to be expected, as all vegan/organic food is usually on the high dollar side. Final Note:Also, I heard someone complain that the food was cold. It's called Go Raw Cafe. Everything is raw. You're an idiot.
5	Amazing food and super friendly staff :)
5	For the vegans and glutens-free among us, this is where the party happens.Salad bar looked absolutely incredible, as did the mini-market of raw, vegan goodies just inside the door.You have a tough decision between the beet burger and the pizza. Transcendent, both of them. If you could only see our faces the moments we took our 1st bites... Let me put it this way: we didn't speak for the entire meal.N.B. Skip the dessert cups; ain't worth it.
5	First time at this place and it was AWESOME.  They have a tomato, pea & ginger stew which was AMAZING.  It was late, cold and rainy out, so this hit the spot.  We also had some fresh juices and a smoothie.  When on this side of town this place is a MUST.
5	Great place, I love the purple burrito.
4	Go raw cafe is the only place I've found that's even relatively close that provides completely raw, vegan, organic food, and they do a pretty good job imitating some of the dishes we were used to eating growing up (most of us anyway, unless your parents were hippies... In which case, I'm jealous). But yes, in case you didn't put two and two together, raw = no cooking. Expect cold things. I love their variety of juices and smoothies, and the ones I've tried have all been quite good. Yes it is on the pricier side but they also offer half orders on a handful of their dishes (still a lot of food) and, I mean, what do you expect? The foods are more expensive in a grocery store for organic, so organic meals are obviously going to cost more.The layout could definitely use a makeover. You would think considering the food they provide, and various things on the walls, that they'd want good feng shui or something.
1	I always get a weird feeling inside and can't wait to get out. I feel sort of claustrophobic and uncomfortable that I could never even imagine dining there. In fact, it's one of the most uninviting places I have ever been in.  I think the dark and poor layout contributes to a bad flow to the place. People walk in and don't know what to do or where to pay without guidance from the employees.  I think the employees figure if you were able to find the place then you have been there before.  If you are new to Go Raw Cafe--just head to the cramped area in the back near the bathroom to place your order.I always wonder if they are still gonna be in business when I drive up.  After looking around my last visit I asked myself why not just get a juice at Whole Foods 5 minutes away??  I made up my mind and I am officially all done with Go Raw Cafe.  They recently put a rack of vitamins in front of the stainless steel bar area which seems so large and out of place.  They also moved the cash register around the corner which is awkward.  It's beginning to feel really cluttered even though there is plenty of space to work with.  They have it laid out horribly.  I used to enjoy my juice outside by the lake but the chairs are always missing and the outdoor trash can is usually over flowing.I usually get the spicy veggie cocktail, whatever my boyfriend wants, and 2 coconut waters or to-go. The girls have no personality and border on rude...definitely not friendly not matter what day of the week or what worker you get...it's actually kind of strange?  I guess if I was crammed into the back of that cafe to work all day I would be unhappy too.GO RAW is hidden...with gem potential if they would just hire someone to redesign the layout.  The bar stools at the stainless counter were the only place I ever saw people sitting and that option is gone now.   You can't get a good vantage point on the menu from the small area that is left to place your order from.  If it's busy you can't watch them make your juice because you are in the way....unless you want to peek through the shelves of vitamins.  This place is a wreck and I have seen better use of space in a food truck.  (The photo shows the menu from where you order and the rack I am speaking of is off to the left.)Dear Owner: Improvements to the inside are beyond needed...at the very least, move that rack.  If you get really CRAZY with renovations the wall near the lake should be all WINDOWS....corner to corner windows...you are a cafe on the water with one of the BEST views in Vegas.  Your space has the greatest potential and you are wasting it.  Your rude and grouchy employees are also hurting your business.
5	Love! It's definitely one of my favorite vegan places in town- and I am super picky!My favorite is the Mexi wrap- such great flavor and texture. And it comes in sifferent sizes. This location (the lakes) is a great spot with beautiful views. I love how it's hidden away.
5	I love that this is so near to my business. Being from California I am right at home here with the raw food and by the water It reminds me of being in Venice beach. The staff is nice and always has a good suggestion and the food is pure fresh and great! I love love love the mexi wrap! Can't wait to try more things off the menu. My fav. #5 add Green Apple. I'm an avid juicer and vegan and thrilled to find it!
3	We visited this place on a Thursday afternoon for lunch. Firstly, we couldnt find the place, as there is no banner that says Go-Raw. They have large signs that say VEGAN! Now, I figured out that there is no way there would be 2 vegan cafes in a strip mall - so we went in, turns out it was the place. It is certainly surprising that there is one such place in Vegas - which is the town of buffets, steak, sinful food and wastage. Ambiance: it was somewhat boring. Looked more like a homeopathic clinic or bookstore than a lunch place. The lighting was un-flattering, furniture was boring, decor was average. Food - Certainly a lot of variety - but perhaps that is the problem here. They had american, Mexican, Italian  and Mediterranean dishes and it is really difficult to come up with so many good combinations, especially if you are planning to Go RAW!  I am comparing with other organic, vegan and raw places, so I am setting my expectations right. I tried the lasagna, and it was horrible. They told me the pasta was made out of Zucchini, I thought it would be something cool and unique - to my disappointment, zucchini was the pasta. The sauce was average and so was the salad. We also tried their beet burger, but the bread (which must have been made out of almond meal or something) was really dry and chewy. The Mediterranean platter has some kind of wraps made of collard greens (sucked), hummus and a cold salad. The hummus tasted, but again - I've had better. The portions are really huge and so are the prices. When you are eating raw food, the truth is that you wont eat a whole lot - the food energizes you quickly and is leafy and cold so you just dont over-eat. It is a good thing, but its also not food that you want to take away and eat later when it is colder and stale. This place needs to really reduce the amount of dishes on the menu, focus on few good salads and sandwiches and make them really well and tasty. Service - The waitress didn't seem to care that much, kinda typical vegas attitude. The owner came down to explain the menu options, but no one really came back to check in on us to see if we liked the food, especially considering we were first time customers. There were 1-2 other people in the restaurant but seemed to be there for medicines or books and ate something while they were there.
4	Had the purple burrito. It had a lot of flavor and it was a lot of food. If you are looking for all natural food. This is the place.
5	One of my favorite restaurant in Vegas! The raw beet burger is the best veggie burger I've ever had! :)
5	So yummy! Service was attentive and very nice. We had the Mediterranean pizza and was delish. I wish we had one of these is Phoenix, I would go all the time!
4	Very creative and tasty raw vegan menu.  Salads are excellent.  Also beet burger, neet loaf, pizza, lasagna and desserts are very good.  Lots of juicing, smoothies and and other raw food delicacies to nourish you.  Ambience and service are pleasant w/lots of vegan products and books to take home to learn more.  Remember nothing is cooked.  De-humidifyers are used to make sprouted bread and "baked" goods.
4	The Go Raw Cafe is located in The Lakes Right off of Lake Sahara Dr. It is a small strip mall right on the lake. They offer a raw vegan menu and they also have a small grocery section where you can buy packaged items.The menu has a variety of different items all made from raw foods. I ordered the following items:Beet Burger - Excellent!A burger made from beets and other veggies served between living bread with a side of avocado fries.Avocado Fries - Excellent!Sliced avocado rolled in bread crumbs.Italian Sampler -  Excellent!Veggie spaghetti, veggie lasagna, and lining bread with veggie cheese. It was all made from raw foods.Vegan Sushi - Excellent!A veggie roll made with mock salmon.Acai Berry Bowl - Good.Acai berries blended and topped with granola and banana slices.Overall it was an interesting meal. Definitely a must try if you enjoy raw foods.
5	I love this place; I go every time I'm in Vegas. Had the raw vegan "Purple Burrito " yesterday along with the green #5 juice. Talk about a punch in the face of nutrition! Nothing better to detox your body after a beer or two (or too many) than a visit to Go Raw. Until next time!
5	We got the acai bowl, gimme greens juice, chips+salsa, mexicali sampler, and house salad with garlic vinaigrette.BY FAR. The BEST salad I've EVER tasted. If I have one regret it's not getting a recipe for that dressing.Beware of huge portions, the acai bowl and chips+salsa could've been meals individually so I could barely dip into my sampler platter, which was incredible.
2	Dang...I was really excited to find this little place as options for vegan dining are rather slim in Vegas. Food was okay... Had the lasagna and it was an interesting blend of flavors that became somewhat overpowering towards the end. Portion sizes were WAY too small and the price was WAY TOO MUCH. The biggest disappointment was the service. Upon walking in I found the employees sitting together at a table in the back and had to ask if it was "seat yourself". After a few minutes I was asked if I was ready to order... Wasn't asked if I wanted anything to drink... Just asked if I was ready to order. Once I got my food it was as if I was forgotten as I never was approached by any of the 3 employees working for nearly 20 minutes. I finally had to get up and ask for a refill on my tiny 8 oz glass of water. When it came time to pay the server literally stood next to my table until I filled out my debit cars slip and signed it and then she immediately took it off the table and disappeared never to be seen again. Very disappointed as this place has so much potential in an untapped market.
4	I had extra time between appointments while driving around town and yelped for something close by.  It was a little hard to find tucked in the back of a small shopping complex in the lakes but the food was great!  My only regret was getting it to go because they had tables by a window looking out at the lake.It's a funky little raw restaurant but there's one in CA I fell in love with and this one is every bit as good.  I'm going to go back an dine in.
5	by far my favorite Cafe in Vegas, iv been coming here for at least 7 years, about once a week if not more, my favorite items on the menu, the house salad & portabello mushroom wrap, w a full coconut, the servics is great, the food is fresh & healthy, the atomsphere is awesome.  nice to have a place to eat and not feel guilty because ur not eating process junk food. love this place!
4	4 stars may be generous, but I like supporting healthy restaurants. We've never felt so uncomfortable at a restaurant before. After I specifically pointed out my interest in the "Kookies & Kreme" smoothie because of the coconut and cacao nibs, the waitress agreed that those ingredients were delicious together & made no mention that the smoothie also included banana & several other ingredients. The menu says #20 smoothie with coconut & cacao nibs. So rather than writing out all the ingredients in that particular smoothie, if you don't notice that it says it is a "#20" WITH the coconut and cacao, you'll get a totally different smoothie.The smoothie tasted like BANANA. You don't taste ANY "cookies & creme" flavor. AT ALL. It just tastes like a banana smoothie. Neither of us could taste anything but banana. When I said something, the waitress pointed out that it DID say the smoothie had banana in it. I was super bummed because I didn't want banana. The waitress seemed to take it really personally, even though we were very nice to her despite the confusion. Like it seemed she was really angry at us for the miscommunication. We weren't angry with her at all, so it was awkward how she seemed offended. She didn't charge us for the smoothie, which was nice of her. We ate the enchiladas, which weren't BAD but weren't GREAT either. There was some dry stuff inside...it seemed like a recipe gone wrong. Enchiladas should have lots of yummy stuff inside, but instead it was just a thin layer of this dry nutty stuff. The sauce and toppings should have been on the inside. It wasn't as good as it could be.I ended up ordering a coconut-durian smoothie (since I didn't want to the banana 'cookies and creme' smoothie), which I've ordered before and knew I would enjoy. It tastes mostly like durian, but durian is overpowering. I like it.It is awkward when you walk in, because no one greets you. You have to walk up to where they make the food and let them know you need help.I prefer this location to Go Raw's other location - it's by a man-made lake with a nice view of beautiful homes and has outdoor seating. There's a huge selection of raw vegan goodies. I would go again, mainly because there aren't many raw vegan options in Vegas.
1	I used to LOVE this place but in the last year, I keep getting the same useless waitress that has really ruined it for me.  I won't be coming back.
4	This place is really yummy. I never felt uncomfortable but I have had nonveggie friends tell me that they did. The house salad is hands down the best thing on the menu.
5	First time in and was shocked at how creative the menu was.  I had the beet burger and mother had the Italian sampler platter.  The beet burger was hearty and filling with great taste. The portions are very large.  Prices are reasonable. Will be going back to try the pizza.  Yes pizza.
5	Raw-mazing!!!  This place is fantastic. The menu is HUGE!  It was hard to choose but I went with the Chips, Salsa and Guacamole for starters. Three people shared and it was plenty. The chips are so good, they make them and also sell them at Whole Foods. I  got the Veggie Wrap, with avocado, onions, almond cheese, sprouts, cucumbers and carrots wrap in collard greens. The side was a beet slaw, also amazing!  My sister got the Beet Burger, which was to die for. My husband got the Mediterranean Wrap, I didn't try it but he loved it!They have juices, desserts and more. All raw all vegan!  They have a little shop inside, they sell books, nut butters, bars, sauces and so much more. What a gem this place is, you must try it!  I'd love to come back. I wish I had this place back home.
5	Dynamite!I love it when I can just feel, see, and of course TASTE the pride of ownership in a restaurant. After a long day of driving, my wife and I stopped into Go Raw for dinner and each had a cup of soup, plus shared a wrap. The portions are very generous on the wraps, so sharing one was plenty for us.I had the one cooked soup on the menu which was a vegetable puree. It was so flavorful and fresh tasting. My wife had the raw, made to order, carrot soup, and I could actually feel my body thanking me as I swallowed a spoonful.What I liked most was how pleasant the owner was in explaining his menu, and also how knowledgable he was about the Raw/Vegan lifestyle when answering our questions. Will definitely return.
3	There's a growing number of healthy restaurants in Vegas, but those that deal in raw food are very few- location is hard to find but worth the search. Bonus points for having lakeside seating to dine alfresco!Menu mostly consists of veggie pasta dishes, buckwheat pizzas,  wraps, soups, and the obligatory salads, juices, and smoothies. Wraps are made with collard green  leaves, and a half order will get you two- the Mexi wrap (nuts, seeds, herbs, guac, and salsa) and the Mediterranean wrap (hummus, sprouts, veggies) are both tasty. I prefer to get half of each to make a solid meal that clocks in just under $15.Location is a little odd- it's part diner, part bookstore, has the feel of a hippie crystal store, and friendly staff. Parking can be difficult as there are other popular businesses in the plaza but this one is tucked in an awkward corner.
