4	We didn't try their pizza but instead ordered hot buffalo wings.  The wings were delicious.  If you don't feel like having a lot of carbs, this would be a good place to get some wings.
5	I'm very impressed by the service here, and the food is pretty damned good. I'm also impressed how they play nice with the neighboring Crapriotti's, despite the fact that Crapriotti's had people break the Pepe's sign on the building. (Funny, the only sign that got broken on the entire building on a night with no wind, is the Pepe's sign that was advertising Subs, huh?) Will be ordering from here again, though. Pretty good price for such a huge amount of food. Sean and I have more than enough left for lunch tomorrow.
2	I had a pretty bad experience with Pepe's tonight. I stopped to order a couple pizzas, and this being my first time at Pepe's, I talked to the lady at the counter and asked about specials, and we talked about the lack of decent pizza in Las Vegas. She did a good job of convincing how good their pizza is. So, I ordered my pizzas, and ordered extra cheese. She told me "you don't need to order extra cheese on our pizzas, we put plenty on them," so I didn't order the extra cheese.When I returned 15 minutes later to pickup and pay for the pies, she told me the total was $36. I thought the total was supposed to be something like $31-$32, so asked her if the total was right. She immediately got quite defensive and angry. The price turned out to be right, the confusion was due to a miscommunication about the price of extra toppings. The problem is, when I asked about the price discrepancy, she grabbed a calculator and said "I was a F***ing craps dealer for 15 years, I know how to do math." At that point I signed the credit card slip and left.SO how about the pizza? The whole family agreed that the pizza was pretty poor quality. Two of the pies were very overcooked, and all four of them were light on toppings. The sauce had a very distinctive flavor, not really bad, just a bit unusual. I like my pizza crust soft and chewy, and Pepe's is kind of dry and crisp.  The worst part is that the cheese coverage was so light, that you could barely notice it (refer to the last sentence of paragraph one.)If nothing else, at least I will never have to speak to that awful former-craps-dealing-mathematician-pizza-shop-woman again.
5	Pepe's is the BEST pizza in Las Vegas!  I highly recomend.
