5	Fuck yeah I love Fresh & Easy, because it is exactly that. I went here today to get a bunch of ingredients for a crazy-ass meal I'm cooking my boyfriend, and this location is the closest to my new apartment.Went in and was greeted by no less than 3 workers who were unloading veggies into the produce area. I have to say one of my favorite things ever is their 98 cent produce packs. That's right, 98 cents. I got a bunch of tangerines, tomatoes, potatoes, and lemons all for 98 cents each. Legit. Also they have a wonderful selection of flowers, and I got 8 beautiful long-stemmed Kenyan roses for only $5, including flower food. Going around it is easy to find what you need, and they have their own store brand as well as regular branded things. I especially love that a majority of their store brand items are actually organic and priced much less than the competition. The only problem you will face here is that they only take their store coupons. Got 30 cents off for your toilet tissue? Too fucking bad, they won't take it. Don't cry, I wasn't that mean, jeesh.Anyways, after filling my cart with a ton of goods, I went to check out with a couple coupons. I had one for $5 off $25, $10 off $50, and a free reusable grocery bag with $20 purchase. I assumed I could only use one but I asked the extremely helpful woman at checkout if I could combine them. She surprised the hell out of me by combining ALL of them. That's right. She gave me $15 off my just *barely* $50 cart AND a free bag, and handed me back the $5 and reusable bag coupons. Okay then!I literally feel like I'm robbing these people blind every time I walk out of there, this time especially. This location has been exceptionally helpful. I wish they would carry some more fake meats though *coughcoughnudgenudge* Also, this location is usually deader than a cemetery (probably due to its location) which is maybe why the employees are nicer - less people to deal with, more happiness to go around. Either way this place is by far my favorite grocery store and this particular location is going to get a lot of my business.
4	What's great about this Fresh & Easy is that it is easy to get in and out of the parking lot, its also not in a huge shopping center so parking is right next to the store and its also never been super packed, which means no lines and fighting to see what meals are available.
4	Nice clean location, that's not too busy, a security guard present, helpful and friendly staff, and good prices on produce- 98 cent produce and don't forget to check the markdowns. Good selection of organic body care items. Small, but you can find a wide variety of items here. Cheaper than Trader Joe's on some things like, the produce. I bring my own canvas bags with me but it's nice to know that there is a recycling station past the self-checkout. Doesn't take manufacturer's coupons- just their coupon located on the weekly circulars.
1	I used to shop here all the time. Until I realized most of the food in my cabinet was expired or would soon be expired. I called the store to complain but after I googled fresh and easy I found a website called freshandqueasy.com, I can't seem to access the site today, I was planning to put a link to it. It just does not seem like a great company.
