4	Wonderful!!The new look is wonderful.The food was amazing!  The usual Greek fare with a few twists.  Fried zucchini with skordalia, oh my gosh what a wonderful treat. The avgolemono was delish, maybe a little more lemon juice could've been added.  The entrees were scrumptious, hubby had the combination platter, all his faves.  I opted for the Greek chicken and wasn't disappointed.I hope Plaka is around for a long time as I intend to be a regular customer!The waiter we had also worked for the family that owned OPA, he has some amazing serving skills that are worth noting!G
1	My wife and I had enjoyed Opa many times over the 7 years we have lived in Las Vegas. We eat out very often, and Mediterranean/Greek/Lebanese is a regular on our favorite fare. Yesterday (10-2-13) was my birthday. We could have gone to one of our favorite "Fine Dinning" haunts. But instead, I thought we could do something different and go to Plaka and check them out. I could go on with many details about this experience, but decided it would take way too long. All I can say is, the only thing that resembles Opa, or any other fine Greek dining experience is the decor. It had to be bar none the worst food and overall experience we have had in a long time. If you are looking for Greek/Mediterranean go elsewhere! There are plenty of other choices.
5	Had a super fabulous time! The service was great! The food was amazing! Coming back this weekend for an amazing bellydance show! I was told Makara 2010/2011 USA Bellyqueen is performing along with amazing bouzouki player Yiannis HatziMilousis. I saw them perform together in Arizona and was amazed! Im so excited they are coming to Plaka!
5	Very good food and excellent personal service. I really enjoyed the vegetarian plate and Greek wine. This was my first visit but won't be my last.
1	Our food was poor at least took forever to get our food it came cold and over done. The waiter was poor service sucked they need to go to Chicago Greek Town and learn how it's done. Food is over priced for what you get.
2	This place doesn't know what it wants to be- formal dining, smooth Greek music lounge, or quick sandwiches. S-L-O-W service (probably the formal dining experience they're shooting for), and ok food. Nothing spectacular. There's also a Greek mafia feel to the place (I don't even know if that's a thing), but there are various older gentlemen around wearing gold chains and button-down shirts half unbuttoned who seem to be doing "business".
1	Very poor service....we usually go to the Mad Greek for Greek food but decided to try a new place.  It is very quiet on a Friday night with only 5 other customers and 2 waiters.  We got the waiter who really is probably 80+ yrs old...we ordered humus and we waited over 10 minutes after our pita bread was cold and had to ask another waiter to get it.  The food was fair, not great.  Our waiter went to a table he was not serving to talk to the customer over 5 times,  but never checked on us.  He never asked for drink refills on our beer or how the food was. ....not coming back here again...
5	This is the place in Vegas to get authentic Greek food that is piping hot from the grill.  I love the combo plate - the variety in flavors and textures leaves me very satisfied.  The lamb is divine and pairs well with the wine.I like to come on the weekends when they have live music, which makes for a fun night out AWAY from the casinos!
