4	I always try to find the best scones wherever i go.  During my trip in Montreal, I found this cute little place that is known for the best scones and shortbread.  i made my reservation for tea time, but i should've just order scones, shortbread and tea only.  anyways, the scones and shortbread are really good.  but, it's still not as good compared to my favorite scones with double devon cream at lovejoy's tea room in San Francisco though.  my mission continues.......
5	Once a year I like to take a friend to the Gryphon. It has become a decadent, rich and lovely tradition. While I tend to wish for a more whimsical atmosphere (it is bare bones ...minimal in decor and 0% cozy factor) the home made scones and preserves are to die for as is the hospitality. Haven't found anything close to its' quality in Montreal. Just be sure to reserve your tea service in advance!
5	This place is a lesser known gem in Montreal. The first time I went it was for the scones, and then we couldn't resist the split pea soup, and enjoyed one of their signature shortbread cookies.Now, I visit this place for a casual sconewich every time I'm in Montreal. The place delivers a delicious wholesome meal every time I visit, with a scone sandwich (vegetarian or meatloaf), and side of soup and salad, always topped off with a shortbread cookie. It's excellent value, and the owners are just lovely and really seem to know their regulars.Love love love it!
5	While staying just down the street on our honeymoon last week, we frequented the Gryphon a couple times  -- once for a delicious light lunch, and again for a peaceful late night pot of tea and dessert.  Both times I was blown away by the service, especially from the charming and funny cafe owner.  She gifted us a box of shortbread when I mentioned we were visiting NDG on our honeymoon, and was just generally hilarious and awesome.  My soup, his sandwich, the incredible chocolate cheesecake and scones -- the Gryphon's kitchen can do no wrong.  Definitely one of the brightest spots of our week in the city.
5	Go there for either the brunch or the tea! This place is like no other in Montreal. The owner is exceptionally nice and friendly.I have been in this place a few times. Scones were the best I ever tasted. I had the eggs Benedict with brown hollandaise sauce (the beer made the sauce brown).I went with a friend for tea which comes with sweets and freshly made sandwiches. When I say fresh, I mean they make it as you are enjoying the first items with your tea, which is scones and preserves.
5	Finally I've found it, my go to brunch place!! Yes there are many fine brunch locations in Montreal, but I find that the menus are often similar at so many places and I've been searching for that homey brunch feeling. Well at the Gryphon d'Or I found what I have been looking for. This is a small homey feeling restaurant with friendly staff. The menu, displayed on the blackboard, is short but very unique. We were a group of five so we got to sample most of the menu, perhaps the entire menu (ok it isn't that hard as I think that there were only 3 items on the menu). The two standout items are the Rarebit Benedict, a poached egg on a scone served with melted cheese, either bacon or roasted vegetables and rarebit sauce (made of sharp cheddar and dark beer), and stuffed French Toast, hallah stuffed with either home made strawberry jam or lemon curd. And the best part is that you don't even need to choose! You can order a plate that is half Rarebit and half French Toast. True genius! Many of the dishes are served with homemade scones and/or home made apple crisp. If you what you order doesn't come with one its worth it to order it extra on the side. The scones are to die for! Everything we had was excellent and I can't wait to go back. Oh, and everything on the menu is only $14 tax included!!
4	The best scones I've ever had! And they have frozen scones you can bake at home (I did and they turned out great). Generous portions and affordable. A little gem.
4	I absolutely adore this place. Their quiche is incredibly mouthwatering, and the brisket is so tender, it just falls apart when you glance at it. I've had many tea dates with the girls here. And even planned an afternoon tea bachlorette party. The only downside is how incredibly tiny this place is. No room to even push your chair back to squeeze into the washroom. Other than the intimacy of it all, I love everything that comes out of the kitchen, including the lovely workers.
5	Came here for weekend brunch and had a half and half (half eggs Benedict, half French toast) and loved every morsel. Brunch comes with tea, coffee and water (self-serve) and was $15 all included. Although I was extremely stuffed afterward (I couldn't even finish my plate since it also came with fruit, salad, and homefries) my husband and I wanted to try the scones "plain" and wandered over to their bakery two doors down. Oh my goodness there were so many delightful small cookies and sweets (free tastings!) that we ended up buying more scones and sweets "for later". I've never tasted a scone quite as delicious as from here -- buttery like a biscuit but without crumbling and flaking all over the place. I love the idea of brunch but I balk at the idea of spending money on eggs and toast that we can make at home. But the food here is one-of-kind and not something you could easily make for yourself. It was a great bargain considering I'm still stuffed 6 hours later!
5	I absolutely LOVE this place. I've lived on Monkland for several years and walked by here so many times without trying it. Can't believe it took me so long to do so! Gryphon d'Or is probably one of Monkland's most unappreciated gems. Although known for their brunch, I went for dinner. The veggie-nut burger on a butter scone bun is to die for! My boyfriend had the meatloaf burger and loved it as well. All the meals come with soup, salad, tea/coffee, and dessert for a total of $15! We had the chocolate chip pie for dessert (Oreo crust, with pecans, chocolate chip cookie "filling", vanilla ice cream, and chocolate sauce), which I think is what has been missing from my life it was so delicious. The two owners are so sweet and nice, they make eating here even more pleasant than it already is. I seriously cannot recommend this place enough. They are open for dinner on Monday nights now too, so we will definitely be back many more times!
5	Gryphon d'Or is one of my favourite lunch/brunch places in NDG; I go about once every three to four weeks. There is always at least one veggie option and it's always delicious. Any dish with a sconich in it is a wise choice because the scones are mouthwateringly good.The meals are always served with a few side dishes and come with a small and exquisite dessert. I've never left feeling stuffed nor starved, nor having wasted any food.The staff are very welcoming and down-to-earth.
5	My gosh! This place actually looks like a hole in the wall from the street...but once you walk in...it is quite quaint! Went there for brunch...the coffee and tea is self serve, and the waitress who served us was funny and very nice. Had the half and half...would for sure go for that again! Challah bread with strawberry shortcake 'stuffing' and a poached egg with bacon on bread with the most amazing sauce...with fruit and potatoes!Also they had board games! Played trivial pursuit with my family while waiting for our food.Loved this place!!!!!
