4	This TCBY just opened and offered free small fro-yos to everyone yesterday 12/17. It's smaller than other TCBY's I've been to, like the one on Abby Place, but it offers just about everything the other one does. TCBY has really changed it's model since I was a kid-- they're more like the wannabe Menchie's except without the fresh fruit. (Which is why I deducted one star. Something about thick gooey syrup and mushy fruit just isn't appealing.) The yogurt is fine to me-- if not a bit sweet, and comes in some more unique flavors like egg nog, cheesecake and peanut butter.  Customer service was okay too-- the manager, or person in charge that evening rushed over Overall, it's a nice, modern looking, bright place.  It sticks out a bit, compared to the old, dated look of the shopping center, but it'll be interesting to see what happens once the remodel of Quail Corners happens, maybe there will be more people hanging out! (Because right now there's not much going on, except GNC, Domino's, Wolfman, HT and a few other smaller shops.)
5	TCBY has totally had a makeover and I LIKE IT!This new location has tailored itself to be more like all the emerging fro-yo joints in Charlotte: self serve and by the ounce.  I was impressed with the range of flavors more than anything. There were your usuals: chocolate, vanilla.  Some fruity ones too, but I was in love with the savory variety (cheesecake, white chocolate macadamia). I went with half Peanut Butter Cup and half Coffee. MMMMM, They were both amazing but the Peanut Butter Cup blew my mind! Lots of toppings to choose from too, I had pecans, waffle chips, yogurt chips, and chocolate-covered pretzels (which were the best).I dreamt about this fro-yo all week until I went to the TCBY closer to my home on Abbey Place. The service definitely was not nearly as good as this Quail Corners location and they didn't have the Peanut Butter Cup flavor, I was devastated! I will be back here ASAP.
5	I'm addicted to the little Mango, Strawberry popper thingy majigs.Clean, small, a few seats inside. A lot of room outside. Friendly Employees.Does not take American Express.Go enjoy,TTFN
4	Tons of parking spots to choose from, store is very neat and clean.  Yogurt selection was ok...nothing that wowed me but the stations were very clean so that was a plus, not like other places were there is melted yogurt everywhere...same for the toppings, but a lot of selection but station was very clean.  Staff was friendly.  Store decoration was kinda boring and the seats aren't that comfortable, but there's a great shopping center to walk around with your bowl of yogurt.  I recommend this place.
