4	Me and my husband been here twice all I can say is good Vietnamese food! Comparable to my mothers matter of fact we brought her when  we came back will make this one of our regular place toMe and my husband been here twice all I can say is good Vietnamese food! Comparable to my mothers brought her here 2nd time we came back she liked it will make this one of our regular places to eat!
4	My wife and friends convinced me to drive over to ChinaTown and try out the new Vietnamese restaurant.  For us, it is a bit of a hike from Henderson.  I would have just been happy to have dinner at Pho Mailan (which is really good by the way) or some other place nearby.My wife tells me that 3 of the cooks walked out and left Pho Saigon 8 and work here instead.  Given the fact that I can't stand the management at Pho Saigon 8 and their customer service (note: based on our last and final experience there), I decided to give it a swirl (yes, kinda personal there).Anyways, the restaurant is rather new.  As you walk in, you will find the restaurant is quite spacious.  There are about 30 tables or so, they were evenly spaced, and there is plenty of room to walk by.We were seated and our meals and drinks were takened promptly.  Like many Vietnamese restaurant (except Pho Mailan -- really cool there), the customer service is a bit lacking, but not rude.  Man, I wish Asian restaurants shore up their wait staff.  It probably would bring in more customers and definitely better tips.... a simple hello, smile, and several follow-ups would be nice... however, I find this always lacking...My wife ordered the Fried Rice cakes with Egg and Onions.  I ordered the Bun Bo Hue and a drink called 3 color dessert (che ba mau -- spelling.. i can't write viet for the life of me).Btw, 3/4 through the meal, our waiter had to be reminded to bring our drinks.  I guess they were a bit busy...Well, my 3 color dessert was pretty good.  It had the right mixture of beans and coconut.  In addition, they used crushed ice (like the "icies"... i hate it when restaurants serve this with cube ice -- it just does not mix well).  Only issue was that the bottom tasted a bit salty.  Hmmm, for a dessert, I thought it was a bit strange.  Possibly due to the water softener/ice mixture???  Owners may need to check into this.My Bun Bo Hue was served in a large bowl.  Usually, the bun bo hue has a "reddish" color to it.  When it was served, it had very little color ~ usually, this is a bad sign.  However, as I dipped into it, I discovered that the broth was actually pretty good --- good sign.  There could have been more meat; however, the meat that was provided was very tender and quite good.My wife's Fried Rice cake was good as well.  She commented that this was the only place that she has found that serves this.  Pretty interesting.For two, our meal cost about $25 bucks - includes tip (1 dessert, 2 entrees).Here are my ratings:4 stars - restaurant layout2.5 stars - service and wait staff3.5 stars - foodNeed fixing - outside entrance (safety issue - see below).Overall, I would recommend this place ~ 3.5 stars average.  I would list them as one of the restuarants that I would go to in China town.By the way, there is a step right out the door.  If you are not watching, you can easily trip and fall down onto the pavement.  I would recommend to the owners to put up guard rails.  Otherwise, they may be liable to a possible lawsuit down the road...
3	Stopped by for lunch the other day. The place is new so it was super clean. The decor is nice and there are some LCDs on the walls so I was able to watch COPS while I was eating.What I ordered:-Pho Tai with my beef on the side and added tripe $6.95-Soda Chanh (fresh lemonade with club soda) $2.95The waiter forgot the plate of veggies for my pho so I had to ask for it. The bean sprouts were fresh and clean! The bowl is a decent size and the soup came out at just the right temperature...hot enough to cook my beef even towards the end of my meal. The soup tasted a little bland though. The beef was fresh and there was was just enough to satisfy my craving. The tripe was good, but some of the pieces needed to be cut smaller.My Soda Chanh came out and was about 80% ice. If you give me that much ice, you should also give me the rest of the can of club soda like normal pho places do.This place is still new so I will come back again to give them another try.
3	My wife and I decided to tryu Pho Thai Binh again.  After a second time around, we decided that the original rating was a bit too high.  Yesterday, I ordered the rice with fried chicken (served with a side of salad).  My wife ordered the Duck Noodle soup.  My rice was a bit too dry for my taste.  As for the chicken, there was a positive and negative.  The outside was very crispy (good); however, the inside was a hit or miss.  Parts of the chicken was tender and other parts were extremely dried and rubbery.  You could tell that it was NOT freshly made... mixture of nuke and deep fried.  I rather wait for the meal to be done right!As for the soup, I tried her duck and it was kinda tasteless.  However, the brothe was very good.In addition, I ordered the 3 bean drink.  It was a bit watered down.  but, good.Overall, I give the meal a 2.5 star rating.  Average it out with the last outing, it deserves around a low end 3 star.Personally, if I had to do Vietnamese food in Vegas, I would go to either:1. Pho Mailan (Henderson)or2. Hue Thai (Las Vegas - China Town)
2	Pho is one of my favorite food and finding a good Pho place in Las Vegas is like trying to get rich gambling in these big casino, it's "Pho-get about it" hard. Everytime a new Vietnamse restaurant opened up in Vegas, I always hope that  they will finally have good Pho. What define good Pho? Must have good flavor and  flavor must come from either beef bone or meat + enough herb + spices (star anises, ginger, onions, salt, sugar, etc...), not just MSG +salt+sugar+ star anise. Even though I grew up in California, I don't think I set my standard high when it comes to Pho in Vegas. Anyway, get back to Pho Thai Binh. Tried it the first time when it was first opened, wasn't impressed. Tried it again this week, it's even worse. The broth was so bland and flavorless that it tasted like water + salt + sugar only. Also tried the rice dish, wasn't impressed either. Rice was old and hard, so was the meat. Bun Thit Nuong, decent.Overall, Pho # 1 or Pho # 8 are still better choices. The only upside is the restaurant is really clean, but I think b/c the place is still new.
4	Beautiful inside, Friendlu service very very clean fresh fresh food. awesome a must go again.
1	disgusting , Pho served with a bowl of ants ! I didnt order a Pho Kien ! gross !   told me to just eat it !  WELL EXcUSE ME !!!! its not one ant its about six ! , its also some type of bugs with wings  ! EWWW! they insisted it was black pepper and told me to eat it !  PHO DOESNT COME WITH BLACK PEPPER SIR !i picked out all the bugs to show them on a napkin ,  they still made me pay for MY LEMONADE ! WTF !!???NEVER GO THERE AGAIN !?
3	This place is okay for Vegas. It is very clean, as it is new. The menu items are fairly priced. We had the Bo, Tom, and Muc nuong vi and it was around $25. The com bo luc lac was decent. And their rice dishes were okay. It is a little bit more expensive than Pho So 1. The service was excellent though.
2	"I need pho" is what I told myself 10 in the morning after taking my exam and hanging out at Marquee a few hours earlier. Pho Thai Binh must have the coolest sign out of all the Vietnamese places here, so using logic they must be some pretty cool people with some pretty cool pho.. right? In 2 minutes I was seated, given water, and my order was in.My pho tai nam came out a few degrees short of boiling.. just the way I like it :), BUT a few pieces of my rare steak had dark brown spots.. like when the meat is old. I finish up the rest of the pho and go pay.The card minimum is $10 or they will add another dollar to the bill if its under. I'm fine with that, but instead of my bill coming out to be $8 something its $28.59. Uh.. what the pho? The guy apologizes and gives my difference minus 1 dollar. Sorry I don't understand, why am I being charge the extra dollar when you've charged me way over the $10 minimum already? He fixes that and then.. proceeds to asks for tip. Yeah.. I don't think so.The pho was mediocore and the service needs to be checked. The only positives here was the super hot broth and cleanliness of the restaurant.
1	There wasn't much to review..I walked in with a group of friends (5 people). Initially, we were very happy that there weren't any lines outside the restaurant being Labor Day Weekend. The minute we walked in, there was no greeting, no acknowledgement for that matter. We self seated ourselves. We looked at the menu that was there at the "semi" dirty table. We waited.. We waited.. We waited.. And waited.. Finally! We made the best decision of the day. We all got up and left. Worst restaurant ever. At least at a bad restaurant (food wise) they'd take our order. This place prioritized cleaning tables and taking additional orders from guests who already have food rather than greeting new consumers at the door who are patiently waiting. And it wasn't like they were busy either. Maybe half the restaurant was full.Service. 0/5Food. ?/5I'm not going any deeper than that. Best of luck to you.
