1	I went into this Buckle store looking for some jeans and had an awful experience!!!  The sales people bombarded me with things to try on and insisted that I show them everything so they could give me fake compliments. Once they realized that I wasn't going to buy anything, they seemed really annoyed and kept questioning me as to why I didn't want the jeans. I didn't even get a chance to look around- they just picked out stuff they thought I would want. My boyfriend was there with me too and had to contend with the guy sales associate while I was in the dressing room. He was just there waiting for me and started getting harassed about trying on some $130 jeans. He said that he wasn't interested and told the guy that he didn't really have the money anyways...Being shocked about the experience I had, I looked online at reviews that other people have posted and was surprised to see that some people actually like to be stalked while they're shopping and think that's good service! I will never go into another buckle store again and hope this place goes out of business.
1	Having been a fan of Buckle for a few years now, I like to treat myself to a shirt every now and then. Just recently I received a couple of shirts as gifts and decided to return them for somethinng else in the store. Upon entering - I browsed the shirts and styles while holding my bag of items that I wanted to return.Immediately someone asked if I needed any assistance, I notified I just wanted to make a return and was browsing. Not a problem. Probably 30 seconds later a different woman approached me asking if I needed help. I again explained I was just browsing. This time, another 30 seconds later - the manager approaches me - Rose"something" - and asked me how I was, I responded great and she quickly asks "What kind of bag is that ya got there?" I said "Its a Buckle bag....(at the time I thought it was actually Buckle but it turns out it was a Kohls bag with the Buckle inside it). She raised her eyebrow and scoffed "thats definitely not OUR bag..." realizing it wasn't I apologized and explained it was in the bag. I informed her the last thing I wanted to do was appear as if I'm stealing, I just wanted to make a return (I was sensing she was questioning my intentions). As I go to remove my Buckle bag, she litterally joined in sifting through my bag and pulled out the shirts I intended to return. I was very offended as a) she was touching my belongings and b) I felt that I was being judged as if I was some kind of shop lifter. This experience immediatley turned me off with the store - I didn't feel comfortable at all to continue browsing. The manager's arrogant demeanor and judgemental actions prompted me to simply return the items fully with my receipt and never look back. Of course, maybe she was just having a bad day?
4	I don't go to the mall often to shop for clothes, but when I do I stock up. When I entered the Buckle, I was casually met by the store manager who was very friendly without being pushy.  I browsed and gathered for a bit, then she got me a dressing room offered to bring me additional items she thought would work for my build.  Her manner was extremely attentive and she was probably the most cheerful salesperson I've ever dealt with.  EVER!The sales guy that showed me a few of the watches was very patient and helpful as well - and took his time with me even though it was near closing time..  I left with a fairly hefty bill, but it had to be the most pleasant shopping experience I've ever had.  The only negative thing I have to say is that I think their prices are a bit too high.
