2	You don't need to be a food critic to know that the stuff you get at Red Lobster ain't necessarily up to snuff.  This location is right by my house and my roommate and I and a few friends ventured out, mostly in humour, to get us some seafood.I got crab legs which were small and disappointing.  We all ate, but we paid too much money and didn't see enough return.  If I'd paid half the amount, it'd probably be a good deal.Service was slow and orders got messed up.  Blah.
3	I have not been to Red Lobster in a long time since my last experience was not too great.  But that was in California.  I was hoping the LV RL would be different. My son loves crab legs so this is a good time to check out RL.The service was outstanding.  Our waitress- Ardell was very very attentive and really deserved the big tip I gave her. I AM disappointed in the portions of the crab- as if it was anorexic.  Am I just too spoiled with the LV buffets???My ceasar salad was ok- the leaves were quite wilted and a bit too much on the dressing.  The biscuits were always as good as I remember. I had asked for medium on the steak and it was barely pink inside which made it quite tough.  When I told the waitress about it,...she took it and was gonna get me the steak the way I wanted it originally and w/out hesitation.  Got the Alfredo and I was gonna get the shrimp w/ it but Ardell tempted me w/ the crab alfredo.  Yum....that was a good choice. My steak finally came but I was already done eating.  By this time the manager came to the table and I did not even have to ask- she informed me I will only get charged for two choices rather than three because the steak was not done right. HOW NICE...My son was satisfied w/ his crab legs.....he was just so happy he got them.   Overall I wish there was this kind of service at any establishment.  This was the best service I have had in a long time.  The food  was A-ok.  It will pass.  But pound per pound and dollar per dollar.....I will have to choose seafood buffets.
4	This is one of our favorite chain restaurants. Is it the cheddar bay biscuits? Is it the Endless Shrimp promotion for $16.99 each, from August to November? Is it the service? It could be a combination of all these things. We've been to this location the most compared to the others (Decatur & Oahu) over the years. This one usually has a wait on the weekends- it seems to be the most popular out of the three locations here. Sometimes passing by, I see people outside sitting on the benches. And the parking lot is usually pretty filled. I've had some of the other dishes here and yes, portions are not that great (for seafood). So, we come mainly for the Endless Shrimp event. It is not a buffet. The server brings you the order when you get the urge for a new dish (kinda like the Sizzler, with the all you can eat shrimp). Note: the shrimp linguine alfredo takes a while to cook, so order that first. You can choose from the following: shrimp scampi, coconut bites (used to be divine when they used Captain Morgan's rum, a few years back), popcorn shrimp, shrimp on skewers, and the linguine alfredo (the best out of all of these choice). The server starts us off with the famous warm cheddar chive biscuits. I try to have just one because I don't want to fill up too fast. The server asks you for your two choices (and then go from there). It's easy to get full with this event that we love so much. Everything is delicious. Ok, the shrimp is not going to be huge, at this price. But this is still a good value overall. The service: the hosts are always welcoming, the servers here are all very good and attentive (refilling glasses and asking if we'd like to place another order for more shrimp). If you are still hungry, try the warm chocolate chip lava cookie- it's really yummy. Oh, I almost forgot to mention that when you walk in, you feel like you have been transported to New England. It's got a fun nautical theme. Booths & table seating available. If you join the e-mail club, you can print off dated coupons (usually expire in a month). The lunches start off at $6.99 per person. I've had the soup combos, served in a sourdough bowl- it's pretty good.
3	ok. red lobster was pretty good but i've had better.  the shrimp pasta was delicious. however the lobster didn't really have its on flavor. kind of tasted like card board. i had to add my own seasonings and shouldn't have had to because its not my job.
2	Standard Red Lobster. Good food. Wood grilled lobster tail is way better than the steamed version. The bartender made a good long island- heavy on the liquor, which was a surprise because this place is so close to the strip where they make the weakest drinks known to man.  It was way too crowded....15 min wait for a table for two on a weekday.  Clean bathroom, fast service, good server.  Just a bit too close to the strip for me, too many tourists and there was the idiot pimp with his two girls and facial tats in there too...saw a bit more skank upper thigh than I wanted to.
4	My Husband and I went there for Valentines. The restaurant was pretty empty when we arrived. Our server was quite a Character making funny jokes every 3 seconds. The food was great! We shared a lobster pizza which is the best I have ever eaten. I had barbecued shrimp and chicken and my husband had shrimp scampi. Both where excellent!! I can't wait to go back!!!
2	I have never been to Red Lobster up until this point in my life. I am 27. I never want to go back to Red Lobster ever again.I was whisked away to RL over this past weekend for a dinner birthday celebration for my brother. He wanted lobster, my parents immediately thought of RL. I really wish we had gone somewhere else.Everything in this place is salted beyond belief. I guarantee you they serve the food this way because they are catering to the general American public and the general American public have an overly iodized taste (in my opinion). I ordered one of their shrimp dishes, and selected the shrimp scampi and seafood stuffed shrimps. YUCK on both accounts. The shrimp "scampi" was coated in butter I'm very certain and it was horrendous. The stuffed shrimps were not any better. My salad came out slathered in ranch dressing (I should have asked for it on the side). The famous little cheddar bay biscuits were okay, but pretty dry.The rest of my family got dishes with lobster tails, and I did have a few bites of the lobster. It was good, but nothing spectacular. However, I really have never had amazing lobster. But I doubt I'll ever get it at RL.My favorite dish was the appetizer we ordered off of the "build your own" appetizer selection. We selected clam strips and mozzarella sticks. Well, it's pretty damn hard to mess up clam strips and I thought they were yummy. I think the mozzarella sticks could have been heated up a BIT more, but they were good none the less.Our waitress was very nice, good humored, and very quick. She kept our drinks filled and was an all around champ about getting our food and clearing our plates. However - it was definitely mentioned that my brother was having a birthday - and NOTHING! No complimentary dessert! Seriously, RL? That was just really disappointing.Needless to say I have no intention of ever returning to Red Lobster. If I'm going to throw down money on seafood it better be some effing good seafood and I know I'm not going to get it here.
2	For some reason my dad has been pushing for Red Lobster for the past 6 months. "David, you just came home after two years, let's go to Red Lobster". "David, it's your birthday, let's go celebrate at Red Lobster". "You know Red Lobster has a four course meal for $15". Finally the day has come where dad gets to be the king. Father's Day was the chance to take him to the place where he has been wanting to go to and get it out of his system. Sadly, on the way home, the conversation was centered around how cheap they were with the quality of seafood and how this place used to be the it place to go.The four course meal is a deal at $15. You get a choice of bacon potato soup or New England clam chowder to begin. It is followed by a garden or Caesar salad. The starters are accompanied by their cheddar cheese biscuits. At this point I was full and there were still two courses to go. My parents and I ordered the butter herb chicken and shrimp while my sister got the mango habenero coconut shrimp. I found my dish to be extremely salty. I had a few bites, but the rest was taken home to be eaten with white rice or something bland. The two chicken breast and eight small shrimp was more than I was expecting at this price. My sister's shrimp platter came with two skewers of grilled shrimp as well as a nest of golden fried morsels. This was the better of the two dishes as I was not gulping down cups of water after each bite. With most of it packed away, I was not feeling dessert, but it came with the meal. Three slices of key lime pie and an order of the cinnamon donuts came out. The key lime was not as tart as I am used to, but the balance of sweet to sour was good. The donuts were a little on the dry side, but was not sickeningly sweet.After this experience, maybe my dad will stop insisting on Red Lobster and we can go back to Chinatown for less. Anyways, it was a nice Father's Day.
1	I haven't eaten at a Red Lobster for about 15 years, and my daughter talked me into going here. My previous experience (in Central California) was, in my fading memory now, pretty decent. This was a contrast. The server was good, helpful and doing her best. She could not be held responsible for the food. Biscuits were ok/good, but not great. That was the best part of our experience. 19-year-old had lobster shrimp fettucine. It was okay. Just okay. It wasn't "bad," but one would expect better from a seafood specialty restaurant.Partner and I split the shrimp wrapped in bacon and steak with mashed potatoes and broccoli. We ordered the steak "medium." The shrimp was "okay," but the bacon was undercooked and rubbery. the broccoli was good and not overly cooked. The mashed potatoes were runny and tasteless. The steak was browned on the outside, but bloody and red throughout. It was definitely "rare." We sent it back. The waitress explained that this was how they cooked their "medium" steaks. When the steak came back, it had been cooked a bit, but was still pink all the way through and "rare." We sent it back again. The waitress explained that "next time" we should order "well done" if we wanted "medium." We were still not happy, but they did cook the steak well the third time (which we took to go at this point). The manager came by with a laminated card showing a picture of how each steak should be cooked at "rare," "medium," etc. I was amazed: their corporate policy is to undercook steaks at each level (compared to what are standards for how steaks should be cooked everywhere I've ever been). (Did I mention I used to be a restaurant cook?) The manager did comp our meal, which was generous.The staff really did their best, but the food was substandard and their policy on how to cook a steak is strange (and against industry standards). You can do better elsewhere.
5	It was my mom's birthday not long ago, last month, and decided to go back for the 4 course meal for $15. Very well worth it AGAIN! It was my second time at this location and I liked it much better than the Red Lobster on Decatur. This restaurant was cleaner, had nicer decor and staff was more focused on welcoming you than shoving you at whatever table they could find. My selections for the limited time 4 course meal included, New England Clam Chowder, Caesars Salad, Scallop-Shrimp Alfredo pasta and the Chocolate Brownie a la mode instead of the Apple Frittata this time. This dinner of course came with the famous unlimited cheddar biscuits. The soup was creamy, not the best I've had, but I really enjoyed it. Now the salad was delish, just enough dressing, crunchy, crispy and fresh. Now let's talk about that pasta. The Alfredo sauce was 3x better than the Olive Garden! The shrimp and scallops were cooked on point. Very well seasoned, super creamy. I was kinda full and the waitress was super nice, she asked if I wanted my dessert packed to go! Not many places do that, you eat there or you miss out! I wanted my frittata warm so I opted to have it served. The apple frittata was small, in my opinion perfect size for an after dinner dessert. -This second time around the chocolate browny was not as good, it was chocolate extreme to me. I should of went for the the Apple Frittata again.-Most places that do the number course meals, as offers, tend to always give you smaller size, salads, smaller main courses, but NOT RED LOBSTER! Hurry up and grab some dinner, this special is limited and ending soon!
1	The food here is just awful, when my plate arrived from the "seafood experts" my lobster was so dry and it looked super old, tasted like it had been in the freezer for 6 months and then cooked in the microwave, ugh. and my shrimp was soggy like oatmeal, the biscuits were super good. The service was way to much, there were about 6 customers and about 8-10 servers in the restaurant and the servers didn't  have stations so every minute you'd have a server coming by asking you the same question 4 other people just asked us...sooo annoying, our waiter chris was a nice guy and a good server but he messed with customers heads alittle to much, saying jokes that made us feel rude that we didnt laugh because we didnt understand what he was talking about, but when he asked how my food was and i said "gross" he was like "ohhh you should of told me i'd get the manager for you right now if you want" i said "no i'll go to arbys down the street but thank you" he was saying that i should just talk to the manager and take care of it but at that point i just wanted to get out of that place.In walkes a single mom with 5 little kids with her and they sat them right next to us, the mother of the kids actually said to the server "my kids are loud maybe we should sit somewhere else" then looked and me, i just smiled because it was true and i really appreciated her being thoughtful of others, so the server says "ohh no this is fine" luckly the kids were not that bad at all, phew.  The host was just a freak, he was staring at us the entire time we were in the restaurant and wouldnt even look away when we stared back at him like "whaaaaaat" ???? then some other server or hostess came by with our bill and said "for your convenience" which i wanted to say "it's not "convenient" to pay 100 bucks for the worst seafood ever"!!!  (but i didnt i just wanted to escape and fast) so she fails to give me a pen, so i see the host walking by and i say to him "do you have a pen"? and he says "not on me" and pats his pockets, then a server came by and said "ohhh i have one"..I looked at my partner and said "NOT ON ME ? ARE YOU KIDDING?  so walking out the door two girls held the doors for us with smiles and have a good day blah blah blah, so as we are leaving right outside the door is a huge pile of trash so we actually had to step over and into trash " well we thought it was over, then (yes there's more) we were stuck in our car for 5 minutes while two other cars sat behind us arguing about something, it was just so amazing how bad it was. We finally escaped shaking our heads and laughing about how we fly all the way to vegas and one of our dinner plans was going to be red lobster, what a joke! we will never eat there again....grossss! p.s. we tipped chris big because it wasnt his fault.....
5	This is the only location in Las Vegas that I have visited (since moving here in 1992), and that's because of a spectacular General Manager I met there, several years ago.My ex-wife and I were in there one day, and as I was using the restroom, I observed a Bartender enter, relieve himself, then exit without washing his hands.After returning to my table, I asked my server to summon the General Manager to our table, which she did, immediately.When she arrived, I explained what I had seen and how I was "grossed out" by what I'd witnessed.  After apologizing, she excused herself and told us, "I'll be right back."A few minutes later she returned to our table and said, "I just fired him, and your meal is on me."  When I mentioned that he should not be fired ONLY on my single complaint, she replied, "This isn't the first time that I've heard about it, but it is now the LAST.  Please enjoy your meal as my guest, and accept my apology for what happened."That kind of attitude is indeed rare, and it left a lasting impression on me, which is why I eat here, as often as I can.I've eaten at other Red Lobsters in the USA, but NONE BETTER than at this splendid location.
4	My family loves Red Lobster!  Since I have introduced my son to lobster, he just can't get enough.  Whenever they have a special going, we are always there.  It is just too good to pass up.
3	We had 2 waitresses after a dance game tourney. One was really nice. Five stars. One was really mean and crabby. One star. 3 stars it is.
3	Red Lobster's always been an okay place to get a lobster-fix when I need one. I like their bread, & love their stuffed mushrooms! I say stay away from the coconut shrimp & buttery shrimp. There's some recipes like those that just turn down your taste buds. Coconut shrimp is too sweet to where it seems like they tried making shrimp a dessert. The buttery-drenched shrimp tastes way too salty. However, I'd stick to their pastas & lobster tails. As for dessert, you can never go wrong with the typical chocolate cake + ice cream. As for customer service, they're always on point with cleanliness, mannerism, & courtesy. Come for your lobster fix 'cause they do get busy!
4	It was good. Love the all you can eat Shrimp. The menus are quite expensive. But I didn't mind spending more
4	My friends and I always planned a chain restaurant week, but it never happened.  For my birthday dinner, I was excited to get the opportunity to visit the Red Lobster as it's one of my top chain restaurants.  The outside looks like a dock house in Maine.  When you walk in, you'll see a lobster tank which reminds you where you're at.  The place is dark and intimate.  There's huge dark brown wooden beams and the overall lighting is low.  I was hoping the booths were a little bigger, but loved the windows looking outside.  Our server's name was Penny and she was super nice.  Refilled my water as soon as it hit half full which I appreciated.  For dinner, we started off getting the Lobster-Crab-and-Seafood stuffed mushrooms for $8.99.  Fresh mushrooms stuffed with seafood, smothered in Monterey Jack cheese and baked golden brown.  It was served in a baking dish and so delicious!  The dish came with 6 large mushrooms.  The cheese came with a slight crust from the browning and I loved it!!  For my entree, I got the Lobsterfest Rock Island Stuffed Tilapia for $18.99.  This dish was fresh tilapia roasted with crab-and-seafood stuffing and topped with Maine lobster meat in a creamy lobster butter sauce. Served with fresh broccoli and wild rice.  The stuffing was a little mushy and seemed like a lot of filling, however the rest was great!!  Loved the wild rice.  It was flavored so well, yet so simple.  The lobster cream sauce was definitely 75% butter and lovely!  The tilapia was nicely cooked and the Maine lobster claw meat was a nice touch!Red Lobster is a humble place, but so on point!  I'm so glad that this place has made my top list for chain restaurants.  I will definitely be coming back to this place.  You should too!
4	Went here for lunch with a friend, figured I'd use the gift card I got my from sister, bro-in-law & cat. I noticed at the front there was a sign stating apologies since they were still under construction. Upon entering it was hard to notice that this was the case. Oddly it seemed less than half full but there was a 5min wait. Ok, no big deal. The restaurant as a whole seemed nice n clean. Upon sitting I did see there was some minor touches unfinished but nothing that would bother anyone, even if anyone did notice it. Our server was the bartender which was a bit of a surprise. First time I've ever seen a bartender given tables on top of serving the bar and filling the drink orders. Jeff was very nice and courteous and even though at times it seemed like he was doing multiple things at once, he didn't let it hamper the service. I had the southwest chicken burger & fries. The center of the bottom bun got stuck to the plate. There was a small opening and the liquid from the toppings & burger were starting to seep through. Guess the skewer opened a hole and there was enough liquid to start leaking. Aside from that the burger & fries were good.When I got the check, I noticed he forgot to include a drink that was ordered($7 difference) and pointed it out to him. He was thankful for the honesty, so he told us to not worry about it, he wouldn't charge for that drink. What a nice guy, left him a little extra for that. Would definitely go again!
5	Awesome !!!! And now remodeling for us. Jejeje great biscuits.
5	Cajun shrimp pasta
2	I have eaten here several times and the food has been very good. My last visit was different. I had the Sirloin steak w/  melted blue cheese. The steak and potatoes must have been under a heat lamp for a very long time. The steak was one of the worst I have had in a while. It was very tough and over cooked. The mashed potatoes had a crust over them (from the heat lamp?) On the plus side the server was good and funny.
4	They remodeled and it shows :) Great service and good food!
5	We love red lobster it is always great and everyone is super friendly it is just always a treat to go here :))).
3	Not my favorite seafood spot.  The restaurant is clean.  Our server Jo was super attentive and friendly!!  A+ for her!  We always had everything we needed, refills and fresh bread.  The bread is my favorite thing here but it was a bit too salty. I chose the potato soup, which I also found to be too salty. I'm not one to enjoy crab that has been previously frozen.  There was nothing bad about my snow crab other than that.  It was very much what you would expect from Red Lobster and it still hit my crab craving.  They are pretty consistent...everything I remember from when I came here as a kid.
1	My husband and I came here yesterday for lunch.  I always wanted to grab a bite here (since forever). I dont know what I was thinking! The restaurant is clean, the hostess was nice, we where seated fast. Its why i give it one star ONLYOur first server was a total d*** we were brought our drinks but threw us our straws on the table.  He also brought us the famous cheddar bay biscuits, they where deli. (4).Our second server seemed to be rushing us. As i have never been to this restaurant. She kept asking what i will be having. She didnt even give me a min more. My husbands plate was better and more full of shrimp then mine. By the way mine was more expensive. He loved his plate, me on the other hand i was not satisfied. I was not full nor was it the best ive ever had. the shrimp on my plate which their was two diff, kinds the one that was suppose to be cooked was raw.  (Someone cant tell me other wise. why, because im a shrimp lover.   I could have done a way better job myself. )  The breaded shrimp on my plate was ok.  The salad that came with my plate was gross three crutons too much dressing with a little bit off romaine lettuce.  Didnt even want too finish it My soda ran out it took the waiter a good min. Too notice  she then a couple mins later noticed and i was brought a full sodaOur cheddar bay biscuits finished before we even got our main course.  She never brought us more.We where totally ignored. Even when we where done eating we had to get up and look for our own server. My husband had to go ask the hostess, she had to go look for her. It was a total waist of time and our money.It was horrible experience.I will NEVER come to dine here again!  Total waist once again. I will never recommend this place either  !
4	This was the first Red Lobster restaurant I've ever eaten at. The food is okay. It's your typical sea food chain restaurant fare. Nothing extraordinary.What I really want to do is give a big thanks to our server, Penny. She was attentive from the get go and she made us feel at home. We did have a problem, a rather big one, but she was super professional about it. My mother found a hair in her food. I know, gross. She brought it to Penny's attention and she was really apologetic. She called her manager over and she comped our meal. If it weren't for Penny, I would have rated it 2 stars, honestly. I'll probably never eat there again, but I wanted to make sure to give credit where it is due.
4	We've been coming to this Red Lobster for almost a year & has always been very clean.  The food has been very good & always comes out fast. The side portions I think should be a little bigger. More broccoli!  We got the fries for the first time tonight & they weren't anything special. Typical fries, probably won't get them again. Broccoli & mashed potatoes are always good. Service was just a little slower tonight too.
2	When I was young girl, many moon ago, living in Bum-tucky-nowhere, going to Red Lobster was a real treat. The fine dining establishments in my suburb was Red Lobster, Olive Garden, or Black Angus (can I get an amen from my California peeps? you know what I'm talking about!) And Red Lobster was the best out of them. Wow... they say you can never go home. (for me, that's a good thing, food is bad there). My, oh my, how Red Lobster has changed. In all fairness, I don't know if it's me or the chain, I think it's both. This particular location is a real stinkbomb. I mean, why is a Red Lobster even here? It's in the middle of little Mexico, next to Mariana supermarket and McDonald's. I love little Mexico (Tacos al pastor, anyone?), I live in little Tijuana myself, but I don't see why a Red Lobster would do good here? Maybe that explains the sub-par service, our server didn't seem the least bit excited about her job. But she was okay. Onto the food... Maybe not eeewww, maybe more, snoooooze. The only good thing was the cheddar biscuit, as fluffy and tasty as I remember. But everything else was so uneventful, the salad, the scallop and shrimp pasta, the fried shrimp and the dessert. All blah. Same quality and taste I could find in a corner fry-shop. For one thing, everything is over-salted. EVERYTHING is salty, I mean everything. The fried shrimp was salty, so I took a bite out of the broccoli, which was salty, then took a bite out of the biscuits, and THEY WERE SALTY!!! The fried shrimp are bigger than the ones you'll find at a fry shop, but not the $17 price tag. They also revamped their menu, there used to be a pasta dish that had lobster, shrimp, scallops and asparagus(?) in a cream sauce. It was bomb. Now it's shrimp pasta, or crab pasta, or lobster pasta. Weird. How about combining them all together again? If my memory serves me correct, the food was never fresh at Red Lobster. I think everything is frozen, that's why they can have Red Lobsters in Kentucky. BUT... it was tasty frozen, not Gorden's frozen fish tasty. Now, I can't tell the difference between this stuff and the stuff I can buy from the Walmart freezer for $4. I can also buy the Chedder Bay Biscuits in a mix too. Hmmm... the reasons to return to Red Lobster are diminishing. I wonder if they're headed to the graveyard of restaurants, just as Black Angus and Bob's Big Boy did. Sad.
2	I would give a two since everything is toooo salty and the king crab wasn't even fresh. The price is relatively high with little quality. Only thin that impressed me was the cheddar bay biscuits
4	I'm a fan of Red Lobster and Seafood in general. The staff was very friendly and courteous. It was a pretty standard ambiance for the Red Lobster restuarant franchise which unfortunately isn't very impressive but lucky the food makes up for it. It wasn't very busy at this time so it would have been disappointing if it wasn't up to standards but it was so back to the good stuff. We got the Crab Linguini Alfredo, Rock Lobster Tail, Snow Crab Legs, and Garlic Shrimp Scampi... And everything was absolutely amazing! It was the kind of meal that put me right to bed after :)
5	Always a great experience here! Food is OUTSTANDING!  Service is always up to par!  The fun frozen drinks never disappoint and the price is fair!!  Great lunch spot or to take a date or significant other for dinner!!  Highly recommend!!
3	Always a great place to eat. This I would say is my husband favorite restaurant.  He is the kind of person that will find one thing and order it every time we go.I had just gotten off work so I was a bit tired but it was my idea to go.  I went straight to the restroom when we got there.  When I came out my husband had been seated right next to the restroom doors,  with the sun shining right in our faces.  Asked the little hostess girl to please close the blinds and she said wr would have to wait because there whee people sitting at the table where she needed to closed them at.  (She had just seated the family). The mother must have heard me because she was the one to close them. Our waitress was good, I think maybe a little busy she seemed to be in a hurry.  Our biscuit came out hot and fresh.  She took our order and came right back with our salads.  When our food came out about 15 min later wr could not eat.  We had not silver ware at our table.  We had to flag our waitress down.    Me, I like to try new things. This times when we went it was lobster fest.  My husband as always ordered the admirals fest and I decided to go with the lobster lovers dream.  Not being a fan of green veggies so I opted for mashed potatoes.  My rock lobster was good it melted in my mouth.  My alfrado with shrimp and lobster was ok.  To much shrimp and not the good kind.  I would have taken a few Nice sized shrimp instead of three small salad shrimp they have me.  When I finally got to my main tail lobster it was over cooked and rubbery.  We will eat at red lobster again but I suggest going to the one on valley view and 215. Better cooks, better service and better food.
5	Really like the service. The food didnt take long and our server was excellent kuddos to him. Did push us was very good with the menue and gave is great suggestions when it was time to order. Definitely will be back soon.
4	coconut shrimp is the best here for me.  With the delicious pina colada dipping. Comes with a side and salad. delicious baked biscuits
5	good food ..better prices...always fresh and nice.  our server,mary ,was exceptional!good location for locals and close to the strip for visitors. a great night out!
5	Stopped by this restaurant on the way home, it was a pleasant surprise. The service was great and the food was very good.
3	I had fried shrimp and french fries which were okay. This salad is good as always the biscuits can't be beat. If you do want to try the biscuits at home sam'sclub has a fantastic mix I've tried them and they're worth it
5	It's honestly just like any other red lobster. It's good for chain restaurant seafood. The live lobster is always extremely good. The drinks are good. Amazing selection of drinks. The staff is nice, I haven't met a rude water yet.
5	The Ultimate feast was truly amazing. It was delicious and I basically ate the entire thing haha. My stomach is beyond full but it was worth it. My friend had the beer battered fish and chips and she said it was delicious. It looked really yummy. We had cheese sticks to start and they were pretty good as well!
5	Went into red lobster around 0830 pm after going to boulder station and catching a good buzz. We went in and they set us at a quite table in a corner. I'm assuming so our diner could be romantic haha. Our waiters name was Jesus and let me tell you about this man. He was amazing in every aspect. He brought water out immediately before we could even ask for it. Even though he sold us on a bottle of wine that you can get from a store for $9.00 that cost $27.00 at the restaurant. Our glass never went empty because he came over to fill it up before it could get there. So I remember going to red lobster about 10 years ago and I don't know what happened. Red lobster used to be an upscale restaurant and now i fill like it falls in the same bracket as like Joes crab shack. People would go to red lobster for anniversary and romantic dinners but now you go just for great food. I hate the fact that it has lost the feeling of romance but the food is still amazing.
5	At Red Lobster I had the shrimp plate and fries. For dessert I had Strawberry Shortcake in a jar which is seasonal by the way. My sister had the NY Strip Steak and mashed potatoes. Everything was hot and delicious! You get a lot for your money. The service was fast and they were super nice. There was plenty of parking. I recommend this location.
3	I don't usually like writing reviews for chains but why not?I came here for dinner today. The staff was nice. My food came out promptly. I had one of their specials. For $18 I got a soup, salad, entree, and dessert. For the amount of food it was really affordable being sea food.Their cheddar bay biscuits are crazy good as always.We had a nice waiter. Wish she refilled my water more than once.I did feel a bit pushed into the specials. The whole shpeel(sp) at the beginning was a bit forced but I can't knock a girl for doing her job.After having Joe's Crab Shack the night before I was pleasantly surprised and enjoyed dinner a lot better here.The server/waiter went out of her way to help my dinner mate an affordable way for her to get a combo meal she wanted which I thought was very nice of her.I would return because our food was prepared well, brought out timely, it was clean, and the server went out of her way to help us out.
1	Great food horrible service :/ be prepared to wait 30 minutes for a drink order! After waiting another 20 minutes we found out our order wasn't even getting cooked?! Wow. Ordered my own water at the bar. Ridiculous! Never coming back!
5	All the times I went they were nice and service was great me and my girlfriend ordered drinks on Father's Day they were exceptional mine was strong I ordered the Long Island ice tea
4	I had dinner last night in this location. I love the 4 course menu. The food is yummy, but the service is a little slow, but friendly. I definitely come back.
5	Our bartender Krystal, was surprisingly personable,  patient, helpful,  and bubbly.  The surprises continued throughout the crispy calamari with fried veggies,  and my favorite,  steamed snow crab legs.  I'm not one for chains, but then I have to remind myself that these type places have grown into chains because of their success.
4	A friend and I went here for lunch the other day, it was pretty good! We got put in Ellen's section, a nice lady that was always smiling and attentive but not too much around. You know? We both had the 4 course meal for $16.99, you get choices for each course. I got the clam chowder, the fresh garden salad and the tilapia and brownie with vanilla ice cream for dessert. Soup was good, salad was super cold and super fresh. I don't think they chop lettuce too much though as one piece I had to cut into 4 pieces! Anyways, the tilapia came with broccoli (a little too cooked for my tastes) and rice pilaf (I'd get something else to replace this side next time-just bland). It was ok. The tilapia itself was outstanding. The dessert of brownie with vanilla ice cream is a MUST! Don't pass on it. It's not too big, but just enough. Although I could easily eat more.My friend got the clam chowder, the Caesar salad which he loved. He then got the pasta alfredo  with scallops and shrimp. I did taste it though and it was really good. He too got the dessert that I did. So when you go to this red lobster, ask for Ellen's section! You will like the food and service. They just need to cook the broccoli less.
5	Terrific customer service.  They were out of several items we had asked about, and the manager came to the table and apologized and took care of the bill. Something she didn't have to do but was very much appreciated. Will definitely be back again.
5	Omg..the food is to die for! Ive actually gone like 5 times in one week alone to this location. The service is unsurpassef. Keep up the good work..its always packed and still they manage to keep great service and fast!  Amazing..must have a real good manager!  Their Lobster Bisque is the bomb...wat else can I say..the atmosphere at this location is special..I absolutely loooove it here!
5	Great service once we entered all the way until we left. Biscuits were fantastic my salad was just the way I like it. My husbands steak and lobster was the best he had he said he actually had no complaints at all everything was cooked perfectly and taste great.
4	My family and I celebrated my cousin's college graduation here and we had a very good time. We had a party of 10 adults and no kids. The food was excellent and did not take long at all. Everyone's orders were perfect all around. The servers were on point with beverages and removing plates. The only reason they 4 out of 5 is we were told 15 minute wait at arrival and it took more like 30. Also no reservations by phone?
3	Havnt dined at this location in over a year, so my 19 yr old took her parents. I had the ultimate feast lobster,  crab legs and schrimp scampi and fried schrimp.  Meal was really good cooked to perfection.
3	Food wasn't that great, but the service was, so my experience here averages to 3 stars.Ordered the platter w/ lobster, scallops, shrimp skewer, veggies & rice pilaf for about ~$24ish. Pricey for a chain, but it looked like the only good thing on the menu that's not pasta. EVERYTHING EVEN THE BROCCOLI ON THAT DISH WAS SO SALTY that I could feel my blood pressure rising. I know the food isn't really fresh so my meal tasted like frozen microwavable food heated up BUT it didn't taste like good microwavable food as I remembered back when I was little.Complimentary cheddar bay biscuits were okay too but extremely saltier than usual. I think I had to scrape some excess salt on top.However, service did not disappoint. I forgot our waiter's name but he was a young black man & he was awesome! He was an entertaining server and attentive to our needs - we had about 14 people in our group and he ALWAYS refilled drinks, checked up on us, and remembered everyone's orders even when they were pretty busy!Another plus too we were celebrating my little cousin's birthday and he brought us out a complimentary warm chocolate chip lava cookie w/ ice cream (HUGE too for all of us to share) and a candle on top and got all the employees to sing happy birthday. We didn't even ask, our waiter just overheard we were celebrating. So cute :3 We celebrated my mom's birthday at the Red Lobster in Henderson the same month few weeks ago and they didn't give her a complimentary dessert or even sing, the white waitress said we can buy a dessert :T
5	Let me atart by saying that this is my first review on yelp and i just had to do it!First of all and most importantly my server JESUS is the best server ever! And the reason why iam writting this. Thank you jesus, you are the best!Food was really good and on time.Would i go back? Of course as long as jesus is still working there :)
