4	This Johnny Rockets restaurant is located in the Venetian Hotel and Casino's Food Court and Mall area.I have always been a fan of the Johnny Rockets themed restaurants. Although this restaurant is different in one way only, you can only order TO GO or sit at the counter and get served by the pleasant wait staff. One thing that should be noted that if you sit up at the counter, you will always visible by any and all the wait staff....kinda' nice!I would imagine if this restaurant were to get busy, you may get frustrated with how long the wait can get.  But I think you can rest assured that the quality of the food is the same as with the other Johnny Rockets restaurants.During my visit to this restaurant, there were many seats available to sit at....the wait staff was quick to say hello and take our drink orders.  I ordered the Patty Melt with Onion Rings and Iced Tea...my food was up to par with other Johnny Rockets restaurants.  The food and service was excellent!My bill came out to almost $16 with tip, which I believe is slightly higher than normal. This Johnny Rockets restaurant's higher pricing is probably due to the location at the Venetian.  But it is nice to know that the quality is the same from each of their different locations.Four Yelp Stars!  ;-p
2	Here's a suggestion, if your restaurant is dead and there's someone waiting to place a to go order, how about u tell the staff to tend to them instead of performig their unenthused dance routine for nobody.  Poor prioritizing!!
3	only had iced tea and my son had a milkshake.  The tea was weak, but the strawberry shake was pretty dang awesome.  Pricey as Vegas is.  (saw the blue man group later that evening, good show, but again pricey)
3	Good hamburger for a quick cheap bite.
1	This Johnny Rockets inside The Venetian should be SHUT DOWN!  My husband had a bacon cheeseburger for lunch here on 01/25/2011 (his birthday) and about an hour or so after eating it he was vomiting, sweating, diarrhea... All classic signs of food poisoning.  His birthday was ruined.  Our third and last night at The Venetian was absolutely ruined!  Up until the time he ate this cheeseburger, he was just fine.  The only thing that made this horrible food poisoning experience bearable was that my husband had a king size bed in a nice luxurious suite to be bedridden in.We will never eat here or another Johnny rockets again!
1	It's been 2 1/2 days and my husband just starting to feel better and gain his strength back.  I filed a complaint with the corporate office of Johnny Rockets and have left 2 messages with the area vice president.
2	I'm not impressed. This is my first visit to ANY Johnny Rockets. I was terribly hungry and not picky.When you are hungry and waiting for your meal, the LAST thing you want to see is the crew out in the table area dancing to Chubby Checker.The burger was passable, but for the price, I expected better. The Chili fries were delicious and made for good gas later that night.
3	Good for a quick bite.  Nothing too special.
1	This place is run horribly. It was out of cheddar and steak for Philly sandwiches.
2	So having Johnny Rockets at about 5am is not to bad. Even though I was a little intoxicated. So my gf, good friend and I get into the flamingo were there Johnny Rockets is located. We were surprised to see how many people were in line. So we decided to sit at the bar and have a server rather then stand. So from the time we sat down our server gave us menus pretty quick and took our order fast too. Now idk what they do in the kitchen but I'm almost positive it doesn't take 45 min to make a burger and French toast. Though it may seem like a weird combo it's actually really good. So after waiting forever to get our food we finally eat and finish and get ready to pay and our server was no where to be found. 20 min later she arrives and gives us our bill and we pay cash to leave fast and not have to worry about waiting any longer. So in my opinion this place had really good food just had very slow service.
1	Disgusting.  fries bad....ugh.  my whole party didn't seem too enthused about this place.  and it's location sucks -- right smack dab in the middle of a PACKED food court inside the gigantic maze which is the Venetian.  we had such high expectations after seeing this franchise on Undercover Boss.  what a disappointment.  disgusting.
2	Sure it was 3:30AM in Vegas. Slow service.........
2	I ordered a shake here while a friend was eating his lunch.  I wasn't too hungry.The shake... meh.I got a straw to drink my shake.  Bad idea.  I went back for a spoon.  Bad idea.  There comes the dilemna... spoon or straw?The shake itself was pretty much one note.  Butterfinger, butterfinger, butterfinger.  I got pretty sick of it after a whie.  Too much sucking for me.  I don't do the sucking in Vegas man, I just don't.
4	Sit down style but still Fast-ish food that tastes decent and doesn't cost a fortune... How could you go wrong with that? Stopped here on a busy Vegas afternoon but service was mostly prompt, the burger as ordered (mayo as a default option... no thanks), even the french businessmen seated next to me gave theirs a thumbs up. The food court setting is definitely a strange choice and there are better burgers in Vegas but it's that balance between finding something really great and finding something now.
5	Ol school, good old fashion fat and grease just like a burger should be. Visiting Vegas from your Healthy California lifestyle? This place might kill you, try the subway up the street. Want a fantastic burger you'll love while you're eating it, but regret later? It get's no better than this! Sit at the bar and you get amazing service. Since it's themed from the 50s, I had to do an old fashion meal; Big burger, frys, and a malt. Hang out if you can, every few songs the staff goes out and dances. It's on the strip so don't expect to drive up and park, but if you're walking, you should stop in and play a few songs on the jukebox. Service...........5/5Food...............5/5Price...............4/5Parking..........0/5Atmosphere.. 5/5
3	I'm a fan of Johnny Rockets I guess because I like the ole "Soda Shop" Feel.  This one is probably at a bit of a disadvantage because of where it is located.  Bar only, so there isn't any intimacy with your date or wife, or whatever.The staff is friendly, and I thought my Strawberry Shake was good.  The Onion Rings didn't really sit well with me though. They were a bit TOO crisp, and I didn't care for the oil they were using. The Burger was good though, not great, but I ate the whole thing, so it was at least good enough for that!As with all the nearby places, the prices are undoubtedly elevated to fit with the location, so keep this in mind.
4	After four days of going to restaurants, it was nice getting a quick straightforward breakfast without having to be waited upon.  The omelet  was good, fresh made and a big portion size.  Will definitely stop back here if I'm staying at the Venetian and need a quick breakfast without all the wait.
2	Fast service, good fries, below average burger. For $9.50 you would expect a decent burger. I had a cheeseburger. Cooked beyond death. A very thin patty even crispy from being overcooked. On a fat tasteless white bread bun. If I had not been so tired and hungry, I would have sent it back and asked for a refund. Carls, In and Out, even Mcdonalds is better.
2	it's ok, but nothing to scream about.
2	I like Johnny Rockets, but this location sucks.You're paying a premium price for a certain experience, and then the experience is lost because of the space it's in. I'd be pissed if I dropped $100 on a steak and then was handed a paper plate and told to sit and eat it on a park bench next to homeless deviants. This isn't much better.
5	Ended up going here after knowing we needed a cheap meal, starving from driving 10 hrs from Los Angeles (yes, traffic was horrible that day!).  We were staying at the Venetian, so we just walked over to the mall's food court.Exceptional food.  Service was great.  Couldn't have asked for more!  Would actually bypass some fine dining options, considering you're actually getting what you pay for (and not getting gyp-ped by some stupid expensive hotel restaurant!)Unique in terms of the food court, because it's the only eatery in the court that had barside seating and service (yet the prices were still the same if you wanted to do "to-go").  Their shakes are AMAZING.  SOOOOOO good!!!Thanks, Johnny Rockets!
3	Was going through #thestruggle after pretty much not eating all day and needing to get SOMETHING in my system.  Luckily for me, the Palazzo is still connected to the Grand Canal Shoppes.  Which just so happens to contain the food court that's actually reasonable in terms of price and options.  Johnny Rockets is probably the best option of all of them, which honestly really doesn't say all that much for the rest of the food court.  But the Smoke House Double got the job done for me right before hitting the club.  Gotta get them cals so that I'm not dying on the dance floor!
2	About 25$ for 2 people to eat at a fast food burger place is a little much. My burger was good but the fries sucked. I won't be coming back.
4	This is in a food court and is a counter rather than a restaurant like many of their locations off the strip. They have a few seats at the counter and then many seats in the food court area. We were looking for something fast to eat, so we decided on this. We all enjoyed our food. It was your basic diner-type food, which I enjoyed. The employees were nice and we got our food quickly. The food court was also pretty nice and was clean. It is also a quiet place on the strip. I have eaten here multiple times and I have enjoyed it every time.
4	Mmmm I love Johnny rockets.  $22 gets you 2 orders of burgers fries and a soda. Groupon had a discount so check it out.  I hate pickeles but it was just so.good in my burger.  Sometimes it can get very greasy but they made it just right this time around.
1	The fries were terrible, there are no free refills, burger was just ok, and they have false advertising with the free milk shake!! Don't eat here ever!!!!
1	I love Johnny Rockets, but was disgusted with this location. First, my burger was raw when I bit into it. The lady then gave me another one and there was no cheese like I had requested. She then insisted there was cheese and I gave up figuring she wasn't going to have the cook put another piece on. So now I recommend that no one goes to this location ever!!!! Visitors from out of town: Beware!!!!
1	$74 for 2 adults and 2 children my burger was not cooked bun was a week old the whole burger was cold... Kids burger the cheese was so thin it only had one side very disappointing.... Non of the buns were heated to toasted ... Will not recommend :(
5	Just got amazing service from Daniel. He smiled while he explained the menu. He offered Eater cups and heated up out desert. The food was great but what made it rock was his service.
