5	So, how exactly do you rate your tax man?  My system is 1 star = I'm currently in jail, 2 stars = I will most likely be in jail, 3 stars = I will probably survive an audit with minimal monetary pain, 4 stars = I will definitely pass an audit, and 5 stars = the IRS would never discover what I've done and I'm driving a Bentley.Seriously, I'm all for doing your own taxes if you're into that sort of thing.  And I did my own until I got married.  My husband didn't trust me to fill out a 1040EZ in spite of having a math degree.  I'm fairly certain the first guy we used was a scheister.  The second guy was with H&R Block-he had one eye, which would have been fine had he known anything about taxes.  I had to explain to him how to report my IRA to Roth IRA conversion.Thomas Holly is my 3rd and final stop.  I just saw him today.  First off, he has both eyes so he can fully read the directions for the forms.  Second, he is competent, but doesn't come across as the "don't worry about what I'm doing...trust me" kind of guy.  Upon our first meeting, he let us know he is all for claiming every legitimate deduction you can, but is somewhat conservative.  Since I started working for myself, I have no desire to do my own taxes.  I can't really compare prices since he is the only accountant I have used for my business, but it seems reasonable given the number of schedules he has to complete.  His turnaround time is fairly quick to prepare the returns--usually about 2 weeks.  And I get the peace of mind that if I am audited, he can handle the IRS' questions for me.
5	Thom has handled my business and personal taxes for 4 years.  I was a self preparer before.  I discovered I was doing a few things incorrectly, not keeping the right records on a few things, and lastly, throughout the year as I have questions come up, Thom knows the answer and I did not!  They work with small business, audit work, payroll (they offer the payroll service) and business owner return work.  I believe they handle accounting work as well but I have not used.  Overall, nothing to worry about if you work with them.  Trustworthy, safe, experienced.
5	It's that time of year folks!  Spring is in the air and Uncle Sam has his hand out (much like my free-loading Uncle Fred at every one of my birthday parties).  Whether you dread writing that check or look forward to the IRS returning your interest-free loan, it's here.  You can't avoid it.  Well, legally anyway.  The best you can do is find a good tax man (or lady) to help you keep what you worked hard for, or hardly worked for, whichever applies.I'm happy to say Mr. Holly is still in business, proof his clients are not in jail, nor destitute, and ready to assist with all of your tax preparation needs.  As per usual, I showed up with my list of 102 ridiculously anal and sometimes irrelevant questions and all were answered.  One week later, my forms were ready.  Thom's a true professional, and I would recommend him to anyone.
5	Awesome experience!!!  I was having a crisis situation when trying to file my taxes on my own.  There was a particular area of my taxes that I just couldn't figure out.  I had called a couple CPA's and H&R block but everyone was clueless.  I originally called to find a CPA to hire to do this but Tom spent about 20 minutes walking me through it over the phone.....I am not currently a client either.  He basically walked me through how to do this on my own. -the issue was trying to file a 8606 for for the past three and calculate my basis for an nondeductable IRA to Roth conversion.  I spent about 3 hours of my life trying to figure it out until I called Tom.  THANKS!Oh and please don't just call him for free advice, he does have to eat!!
5	I was in a pinch and my taxes were late, I was also juggling some issues with my small business and just moved to the Scottsdale area. I called Thomas' office and I'm happy I did. He was quick to answer questions and his prices are fair. He was able to clear up my tax issues within 2 days!  I would definitely recommend him.
5	Great CPA! I just moved from California to Arizona, bought a home here,  and had to report my interest on  a few investments. I met with Thomas to secure the necessary paperwork , tax tips for filing this year,  and get an estimate for services. A week later,  my taxes were done(had to wait for my 1099s to arrive), Overall,  Thomas Holly made a seamless move for me and in my case, was even a little cheaper than the estimate.
5	I moved to AZ from CA in 2012, and coincidentally, my CA preparer retired at the same time, so I had to find someone here ASAP, and saw some of the previous YELP reviews.  Tom was easily able to handle my federal return as well as both the CA and AZ returns.  He caught a couple of deductions that I had overlooked (and then he explained them to me in detail, citing the specifics of the law, and why they were completely allowable).  In addition, he answered a lot of questions about my goal of early retirement, and gave me great guidance about how to structure my finances for a stable flow of income.  He analyzed the issue of when to take Social Security (and the answer can be different for all of us, based on dozens of different factors), and set me on the right track there.  He's also available during the course of the year for many what-if questions:  1) Should I refinance my mortgage?2) Is it better to just make additional payments in order to retire it sooner?3) At what point is the standard deduction greater than my mortgage interest?4) How much can I earn and not lose any of my Social Security when I'm under 66?5) When and how does my Social Security become taxable based on other income?6) For additional retirement income, do I draw on taxable or non-taxable IRAs first?7) Should I open a regular or a Roth IRA this year?8) When should I consider converting some/all of a regular IRA to a Roth?9) When can I reasonably afford to retire?You get the idea--so many financial decisions today can have a lot of impact on a person's overall situation.  Tom and his staff are knowledgeable, efficient, and very pleasant to work with.
5	Thomas Holly is terrific he is as good as it gets! I am very grateful for his services. B. Schade
5	My accountant, Tom has helped me with a lot, he is what you want in an accountant he is very knowledgable, honest, helpful, explains the things you want to know, very highly recommended. I specifically was looking for a really good accountant and I'm glad I found one, keep up the love Tom you the man!Ps- Sandy who is an accountant under Tom has also helped me with a lot of my accounting questions and has also been very helpful. I enjoy working with her too and overall, I'm very happy.
