5	Recently took my computer here to get fixed, and it was great service, and good prices.  Will definitely use them again for my computer needs! A+!!!
5	Went there because of the yelp reviews and was not disappointed. Computer wouldn't turn on at all. They looked at it right away without even writing a ticket. Plugged in a different power supply as troubleshooting and it came on. Then they blew me away with it will be ready in a half hour. I came back in an hour and it was ready, cleaned inside and out and a totally reasonable price for a bigger power supply than the original and great service.
5	WOW!!!!!!!!  BEATS FEDEX KINKO'S and GEEK SQUADAll in one storeThese guys are just awesome.I went in couple days ago with my son for my computer repair because my system was badly infected.  The job was finished in 4 hours with resonable price.  Free computer check-up was quick and accurate.  I ended up making business cards too!!!.  I used to go to Fedex-Kinko's but this place can do everything and I was very happy with customer service.
4	- ink refill-fast and cheap,,, but only one thing it was a little messy getting the refill cartridge out of the plastic bag and into my printer, fyi use disposable gloves so you don't get ink all over your hands..the staff is helpful and would go back, but will let them know,they need to clean up cartridge better before i leave the store..
5	My husband's all-in-one Dell computer (5 years old) decided to crash a few nights ago and we were extremely worried about losing the information we had stored on the hard drive (college work, pictures, music, etc.). Because I know the people at Best Buy would have just sent the computer out to God-only-knows-where to be opened and repaired, I decided to look on Yelp for a local place with people that know what they are doing working there. We are SO glad we found this place. The people working there were not only super smart but also very friendly. I was also impressed with how the explained the problem in detail so that we (non-tech people) could understand. Customer service was awesome, prices were fair and most importantly they saved what they could off of our hard drive when we are sure the big chain computer repair shops wouldn't have been able to. When you send computers out of store to a huge warehouse do the people working there really care about your master's thesis stored on the hard drive? I will go ahead and guess that no, they would not care. We will come to Tech Mail the next time we need anything for our computer and totally recommend them to anything looking for computer repair here in Vegas. These guys know computers and I highly doubt they will rip you off.
5	Run...don't walk to these guys.  The service was over and above what I was expecting.  I am very thankful that I found Tech Mail.  Great service, great people and great prices.
5	I started using tech mail a number of years ago and can firmly state they do excellent work, Timmy, the youngest of the group is a genius and helped me numerous times with my computer problems. You can always trust this business to do what's right for the customer.Dustime8
5	I have been a loyal customer at Tech Mail ever since they opened.  I have never left dissatisfied.  Whether it is mailing packages, sending multiple faxes, configuring something on the computer so it will print or repairing my laptop I am always happy with there service.  My stepmother recently moved to Las Vegas and needs help changing her resume about every other day and they are always so helpful. Once I lost track of an important address that I had mailed a certified letter to the owner took time to research it, found it and called me back an hour later to give it to me it must have been like searching for a needle in a haystack. I recommend them for all your packaging, shipping and computer needs!!!!!
5	One word: Amazing!!These guys are great. From the moment you walk in with your broken a** computer they are so helpful. I dropped it off and picked it up the next day and it was as good as new..even better actually since they installed some snazzy new software.If you have computer issues this place is worth the drive no matter where you are in Vegas. It was the best money I spent this year.I will be back for the cheap ink refills!
5	Very nice people who did an amazing job on two of our computers.  One was the transfer of files from an old computer to a newly purchased one.  The other computer was a laptop that was running very slow.  The laptop is now running great, it's like it is a new computer.  I am already recommending these guys to friends.  They do an amazing job!
5	Textbook (or techbook?) example of great customer service.I walked in and the line was only a few people deep. Both people behind the counter gave me that "We see you and get to you soon" nod which just makes you feel cool that you're being acknowledged.After a VERY short wait  of maybe 3 minutes I explained the issue to a smiling techie. "I have a computer I built that won't work/power on with my graphic card." The gentleman went out to my car after I told him I had a bad pack (what a nice guy) and brought it in so I wouldn't have to and immediately started looking into the situation. Now as a side note, I'm female and even in 2012 I get that condescending attitude based on the assumption that girls know nothing about computers.Not here. Never once was I spoken down to or addressed in a manner like I wouldn't understand what was going on. They were impressed I built one but to be fair, how many people build computers (or anything) these days?While I'm sure the techie would have been fine with me in the store, I didn't want to be one of those people that hover around people while they work. So I offered to go do something in the area. They told me to come back in 30 minutes or a 1 hour.I came back, and they discovered the graphic card was bad. Great. Actually that is great because I didn't have the means to discover that with a fair degree of assurance. Otherwise it would be questions like: "Did I hook up the motherboard wrong? Is the PSU bad? Do I have a bad cable?" All things that would cost me time and gas and more money as I experiment with replacement parts. Thanks for saving me money guys! =)At least now I know it's not something I did. Can't build a working computer with non-working parts right?So again, it's worth it to me to know so I don't have to spend more hours figuring out what could possibly be wrong. Return the card to Newegg and pop in the replacement.I don't want to name a price since I don't want to create expectations for the next person but they looked like they were about to give me the service for free.I gave that "I gotta pay SOMETHING" look of protest since they did save me some future headaches and their time is worth something. It's not the time they spend fixing my issue, it's the knowledge they possess that I'm paying for. Besides, why punish quick service right?So I did pay. A VERY low price which they quoted after seeing I wanted to pay something. The price was equal to something two or three people can spend at a fast food restaurant. Just depends on how hungry they are.So if you want friendly service, respectful people, and quick results go here. They're my go to guys for all computer issues, now.
5	I just saw these guys today after having found their rave reviews here on Yelp and I was not disappointed. These guys were fast and efficient and they went that extra mile to get my motherboard bios updated and updated me with the latest firmware/drivers and such for my desktop. Awesome Job! I called this morning to ask what they charge for installing a new hard drive in a desktop. I had ordered one from amazon to make the slave on my desktop for more mass storage of data (muhahahaha - I am running NORADS backup servers over here LOL - not really just lotsa videos, pictures and music) and the hard drive did not come with an install kit (no cables, casing etc) so instead of trying to rely on the guys at Major Retail Computer Store to help me figure out what I needed, I called Chuck. Reasonable flat rate I was quoted and they finished it today so that I could pick it up this evening. I will be taking my macbook over there for some troubleshooting soon here after.
5	I found these guys after a Yelp search and I was not disappointed. My business laptop was acting up after a drink spilled on the keyboard. I took the laptop to these guys and they looked at it for free and did all kind of diagnostic test to find out what was wrong. They also tested the Hard Drive for free! They constantly kept me updated through phone on the status of the laptop. Luckily It was the keyboard part of the laptop that was damage. They cleaned everything thoroughly and ordered a new keyboard. My laptop was saved and I saved a ton of money by just replacing the keyboard!  I love these guys. THey really know their stuff!!OH BTW. This is also the place to buy or refill your ink!! Great prices!!
5	Can't say enough good things about these guys! About six months ago, my computer suddenly went on the fritz. It was well past it's prime (about 8 years old), but I was determined to save it. I'm pretty handy with computers, so I thought I would try to resuscitate it. After a week of replacing various parts, still no luck so I dragged the poor thing into Tech Mail. After I explained the symptoms and my attempted fixes, the tech looked it over and quickly determined that the motherboard was toast :(  After researching what it would take to revive it, it quickly became apparent that it was a lost cause. So I made my peace and bought a much newer, faster, better used computer from them for $250. I double-checked to make sure it had everything I needed and they installed all the Windows updates and a few programs for free.They were very patient with me and didn't pressure me into buying anything. In the end, I got a great deal on a used computer and a great customer service experience. They're my go-to for anything computer related.
5	I've been to these at least 1/2 dozen times and walked away smiling and impressed with their customer service every single time.During Christmas I stopped in to buy stamps from them and they helped me stamp 100 cards I had to mail off saving me tons of time! Great customer service.Yesterday I had a FedEx box that I needed shipped and they printed off a pre-paid postage for me, taped up the box and shipped it for no charge and with a smile!They definitely go out of their way for their customers and are no simply profit motivated. Highly recommended!
5	Tech Mail is by far the best within customer-service, pricing, honesty & fast-service!!  I highly recommend them & they've won my loyalty!
5	I've been here 10+ times and everyone working there is always super friendly and assist you any way they can. I've been there for printing some documents and ink refills but they offer many services including converting VHS to DVD ($8), computer repairs, as well as stamps and boxes for sale. Lucky to have them in the area!
4	This place is very good, however I have had one experience with an older man that worked there which wasn't so great.. He wasn't so helpful and was more concerned about potential customers who may come in.
5	My boyfriend brought me here instead of my usual computer place and I'm glad he did ! This I will forever be my go-to whenever I need to get my computer fixed again !!!! I came in and it was pretty busy, but they let us know they acknowledged us and told us to set it up so we can show them the problem. They were very friendly and informative about what the problems may be. So then I just signed the papers and they said they'll call me when it was ready.They called the next day and let me know that it was ready to be picked up. I missed their call, but I'm glad they left a voicemail. I went back and my laptop was as good as new ! They didn't make me feel like I had to buy unnecessary apps or accessories & went straight to the point. They really do care about their customers.The total came out to be $80 before the discount, so I only paid $71.10 for everything. Which I think was a steal bcs he added a lot of apps for free ! He included ALL of the Microsoft apps (like Word, Excel, Publisher, etc.) which values WAY MORE than what I paid. Also he added 2 programs that cleans my computer AND an anti-virus spyware !!!!! THATS AMAZING ! They really really really really care and I'm so happy with their service (: I got my money's worth and extras ! I HIGHLY, MOST DEFINITELY RECOMMEND (:
5	Honest, knowledgeable, great customer service. For any tech problems come here
5	The service was great. The technician helped me destroy my hard drive and recycle a very old laptop and did not charge me anything. I would come back here for any future technical issues.
5	I bought a computer & wireless mouse / keyboard from them.A good deal / good price / & service.Thanks.
5	We literally have a computer graveyard in our garage at least 5 desktops, countless laptops and an iPad (SMH)...we didn't want to buy anymore so we decided to fix two laptops...hubs did a DIY replacing the screen to one himself...(he did a pretty good job!) the other laptop needed the adapter plug thingy fixed (I'm sooo not a techy). We are still pretty brand new to Las Vegas so we don't have any go to people to handle things like this. Hubs dropped the kids off at a nearby school and found this place...Well let me tell ya...they did a mighty fine job fixing it and debugging our laptop! They also added some software that works pretty awesome at keeping our laptop virus free :) They definitely know their stuff! I encourage you to bring your laptops and computers here to get fixed! Check-in and they might have an awesome deal available for you too!
5	The cover of my laptop was broken. Some internal clip had broken or snapped off, and a screw had fallen out.  I took it in, and the friendly staff greeted me.  The technician seemed very knowledgeable and confident, and fixed it right away.  I was out of there in 10 minutes. Awesome service.
5	Every time I go to this place, everyone is so friendly , nice and helpful.  I hardly ever have to wait for service and they explain everything to you in simple terms not in tech terms so I can understand lol.  I just ran in to get my color ink refilled and bought black ink.  I didn't even know they were testing my color ink and they guy say you have plenty of color ink.  They are not only efficient and thorough they are by all mean honest and that is why I keep coming back here.  Happy yelpingxoxoxo
5	Everyone here is so friendly and helpful. This is my go to mailing and ink refill spot.
5	I'm very satisfied with my computer now.  It crashed on me so I called and Chuck answered the phone.  He was very friendly and helped me get my computer back by next day back to normal and even threw in a few upgrages for free.
