3	Finally, we got some food when we went to watch the game after the Carolina Beer Company brewery tour.  This place was picked solely for the game-watching aspect, but they said that the food would be decent as well.Seeing as how we got there at 2:30pm, there was hardly anyone in the place.  In fact, I think there were more people in the restaurant than at the Georgia Tech coliseum for the GT v. NC State basketball game that we were watching.We sat at the long table just behind the bar so that we didn't make any of the staff work too hard to push tables together.  We were prompted waited on for our beverages, but seeing as it was a large group, with all the different cars trickling in, it took a while before the server was ready to take our order.This is bar food.  It's on the nice end of bar food, with lots of entrees of substance to choose from, but don't be fooled, it's Sysco food that's been heated.  I got the Napa salad - grilled chicken and spinach - and against my better judgment didn't ask for the dressing on the side.  Sure enough, it was coated, the way that many Americans prefer it, as my friends told me.  Jimmy got the brisket sandwich with fries.  The fries were decent, the sandwich looked a little rough, but Jimmy didn't complain (though he rarely does).  Some at the end of the table got the chips and salsa.  The salsa was good, but the chips were starting to get stale.  Jon had the worst time, since he got the chicken fingers, and being Sysco chicken fingers, they were about half chicken and half breading.  Jon doesn't like breading, so he proceeded to pick off most of the breading, mutilating his lunch.  I'd go back for a sports event - there were tons of huge TVs on every wall, but here's hoping that if we're driving all the way to Charlotte, we're going to the actual sporting event, not just going to watch it on TV at F&H.
3	Being a budget-friendly, better-than-domestic beer seeker and connoisseur, Fox & Hound is one of my oldest friends for a decent pint night with $2 drafts on Tuesday and Thursday. (i like when servers say small pints are on special...i thought a pint big or small meant 16 ounces) They have a pretty decent draft selection including New Castle, Old Meck Copper, Shock Top, Fat Tire, Sweetwater 420, and others.Our first round was slow to arrive. Our server checked on us a lot, but always gave the feeling that she was getting sent home soon, surprisingly she stayed with us the whole time we were there.  The Black Forest sandwich was pretty tasty. Turkey on a pretzel-like bun. The Queso is always a favorite for us here.  They had Tuesday night karaoke, but didn't really have the crowd for it.i should mention they do have a beer club card and although i don't actually remember what i can get with said card, the combination of their beer special and rewards for drinking beer will keep me coming back.
3	Not bad. I wouldn't go for the food though.
5	Went here for St. Patrick's Day.  I had business in Charlotte and frequented the Fox & Hound at least six times.  If you're in the mood for a fantastic steak.  This is the place.  Friendly staff and the manager is very attentive to his customers, the establishment and the service.  This tops my A-list of places to go in Charlotte...
2	My husband and I went here last night for a birthday dinner. Let me just say that this is the most disappointing service experience ever! We had a group of about 20 people with one waiter. She we never got any drink refills and no silverware. We had to get up to get our own silverware! But of course she didn't care about giving us service because they automatically charge a 18% gratitude on each ticket since it was a big group. The food wasn't all that great either. My burger was really dry. Overall, I will never go to this place by choice unless someone picks it as an event destination. *THUMBS DOWN*
5	Fox & Hound is one of my favorite bar chains in Charlotte, they are geared towards watching sports, offering decent bar food, good drink specials, and entertaining events.We are regulars here on Thursday nights for the live trivia, also because it is $2 domestic and $2.50 imports night.  The wait staff are friendly and cute, our favorite server at this Northlake store is Fran, she is friendly, fast, and remembered my drink of choice after only my first week there.The beer selection is above average for your average sports bar, lot of choices in imports, including a couple of my favs Smithwicks and Boddingtons.Besides live trivia on Thursdays, we have seen Jello Wrestling (check photos), Bikini contests, Karaoke (Sundays and Tuesdays), and various themed holiday celebrations.Make sure you join the FREE All Star Brew club, after only 50 beers you get half price wings for life.  There are a lot of other benefits as well, including free appetizer parties each month.  It is valid at all Fox and Hounds in the US and Bailey's and Champs restaurants as well.If trivia on Thursday brings you here come early, it starts at 9 but bar will be filled up by then.P.S.  The bathrooms have mouthwash dispensers if you find yourself going overboard with the Spicy garlic wings!
1	Let me preface this by saying that the food is not terrible (nothing interesting or special, but better than wet newspaper.)  The servers are hit and miss, although our last server was actually very good.  I'm giving this place one star because the atmosphere is trashy, loud, aggressive, and dirty.  I went into the mens room, and there was vomit all over the floor.  I told a server, who gave me a nasty look and then ignored me.  So all in all, this is a great bar to watch an MMA fight and drink jaeger till you puke in a urinal, but not so great for adults.
5	Oh black forest pretzel sandwich, how I love you!
5	I hadn't been to Fox & Hound in a while, and stopped in on Memorial Day with my gf & two out-of-town guests. It was really quiet in there, which was actually what we would have preferred for that night anyway.Service was prompt and friendly, which based on my other visits here, is always the case regardless of level of business - although be reasonable, if it's slammed your food/drinks are going to take an extra minute. We had wings (.45 on Monday nights) that were a little crispy for my taste, but still pretty good. Everyone's entrees arrived at the same time and hot, and the burgers were fantastic. Cooked just like we had ordered. There are plenty of TVs for live events, and this place is just as good as BWW/Hickory Tavern/etc for games in my humble opinion.
5	I enjoy this location.  The Beer Club event once a month, from 5pm-7pm, is a good look.  Its worth joining.  Going today after work.
1	Went in this afternoon, and after watching Bar Rescue Im much more aware of things. First, took 10 mns to get the server. Ask for drink recommendation and was served in the same glasses I bought at Walmart with a white straw. No drink glass or drink straw..thumbs down. Ordered the boneless buffalo wings, took 20 mins to get the food. It comes out in a stand that you serve fries in. Food was awful, and was more like chicken nuggets. The drink had no liquor in it.  I wont be going back. Its too bad because I have had food there before and drinks and it was decent.  Oh yea, the cherry on top is that Ive had gas for 5 hrs since eating there. UGH!!!!
3	Been a while since my last Fox & Hound experience so I was pretty stoked for trying the new location (to me) at Northlake.  It is a bit of a haul for me but peer pressure prevailed and I ended up having a decent time here.Our server, Meghan was super nice and friendly.  It did get a bit busy with the Panthers game on a Thursday night - also simultaneous trivia on the same night made for an interesting time.  We didn't stay for trivia but I would have been a little peeved since the game sound was interrupted by the shrill, way-to-excited voice of the woman who runs trivia.Atmosphere is similar to a lot of the other Fox & Hound locations in Charlotte:  dim with tvs all over the place.  The tables in here are very small!  The 4 top we were sitting at was totally full once all of us ordered drinks.   Then the food came out and it was a shuffling, puzzle match as far as finding places to set things.  It worked out though.Fish & Chips came out for me with 3 huge, honking pieces of beer battered/fried goodness that a proceeded to scarf down like I had never eaten fish & chips before.  It was nice and crispy.  The fries that came with it were okay - slaw on the side wasn't really anything to write home about.I'd say this is a solid hangout place if you live in the area.  Unfortunately for me, I had a nice lonely 40min drive home to Matthews, but I can see myself doing it occassionally.
1	Ordered french dip and the meat was tough and dry. The Aju seemed like it may have been previously frozen, like the stale bread.  Bozena got a burger and it was dry even though it was ordered medium. The fries were kind of crispy (a good thing to me), but flavorless.  Perhaps this experience was an anomaly or maybe what we ordered is not what this location concentrates on.  When paying for food at a restaurant, I don't always expect it to be better than what I can make, but I do expect it to be satisfying or better than average.  I normally like to leave funny reviews; the the only thing funny about this evening was how I ran into the grocery store after dinner to get some dessert.
4	Guacamole burger was JUICY! Lots of TVs.
3	I am giving Fox and Hound 3 starts because it is truly hit or miss. The food is always ok ( just your standard bar food from a chain) but the service is what breaks the experience. I work at the mall nearby and like a lot of mall employees the girls from work enjoy going out after work. But it is clear that the service you receive is directly related to the number of drinks you order. If you order bottles of wine your server doesn't leave you alone however, if you are in to have a coke and a meal after a long shift don't expect to find your server for over 30 minutes. Disappointed because I would expect the same service no matter what my bill is this time.
3	Welp, I live right across the street from  here- I will agree with some of the other posts about this place, basically average menu/ foods found at most chains and service depends on what you get. Many drinks equaled great service, hanging out for a simple bite? Not too attentive. That proved something to me, I haven't ran back to the place because of this. The people seem nice,  they just make it obvious what they're there for... and it isn't you!
4	There are many places to watch a game, so many choices in a town this size.I give this place high marks for the number of HDTV's, the quality and selection of food and the professional staff and one of the most important, flexibility of seating for large groups, this place scores on all accounts.I was there to see the Panthers whip up on the 49'ers!Lot's of fans wearing their game day colors.Emily was nice, pleasent & professional and took good care of us.They also have daily drink specials and daily $4 Blue Moon's.
2	Onion rings were really good! Drinks weren't prepared the best I had to send it back. Service was great! Clean bar. Several menu items. However do not attend their events! I went for fight night and they advertised free it was 10$ they packed the place out where there was standing room only and a fight broke out in the bar!
3	Had lunch here again today.  I think I've been over a hundred times in the last few years and I've never written a review.  Probably because it is never anything stupendous.  Just a good solid lunch spot near my office.  Sandwiches are all pretty good, service very good too.  Very solid beer list although I never partake at lunch.  So if you're around Northlake mall and need a beer and a bite, this is a very safe bet.
3	When is a "Long Island Iced Tea" not a Long Island Iced Tea?  When this establishment neglects to include tequila, it is however offered al la carte. The receipt even lists it as a "Long Island Iced Tea".
1	We are not ever, ever, ever, EVER going back to this place. This was our first visit and that was enough for a lifetime. We should have picked up and left as soon as we saw the lack of cleanliness of the bathrooms. If the bathrooms are dirty in a restaurant - the kitchen isn't much different. Take it from me, I know this. I sell into this industry and visit restaurants all day long. Good clean restrooms=good clean kitchen. So the place is as dark as dark can get in the middle of the day. All the blinds are closed so TV viewing is best, I guess. Our waitress Emily L takes our order with little enthusiasm but that's ok. 20 minutes later I'm asking where our sandwich and bowl of chili are. She says," It will be out in a little while." WRONG ANSWERThe correct answer is "I'm sorry, I will check for you." I expect hot food to appear in 15 minutes or less - in any restaurant. That's the correct wait time.That's all! Emily L got a $2 tip...and that was generous.Never again.  Or yeah, the food wasn't very good either. There are better places.
1	Manager and staff need to realize that all forms of government ID are proof of age. In my mid 40's and accidentally hand them an ID other than my drivers license and they refused to serve me a beer even though the ID provided carries considerably more weight than an ordinary state issued drivers license.   When I realized what has occurred I provided my drivers license and the they were ok.  Still, education is paramount!
3	I stopped in here one evening to have a quick beer and ended up getting a couple of appetizers. It is mostly a bar atmosphere with lots of TVs everywhere, there were tons of people watching games etc in there. We had the pretzels and beer cheese which was actually pretty good. You could taste the beer but it wasn't overwhelming. We also had the jacked up cheese wedges, I had them before at another Fox & Hound and they were much better there. These had too much breading and not enough cheese. It may have been a one time thing. Most of their beer selection is standard beers, not a whole lot of local options but a few.
3	I know I'm a minority here, but I hate bars with TVs everywhere.  What ever happened to simple human interaction?  I also was unaware that they were a chain.  Where have I been?  On the upside, the beer is good with lots of local and craft beer options.  The food is typical bar food but is tasty.  I've had their Jacked-Up Cheese Wedges and Pretzels with Beer Cheese.  Not bad.If you want good beer and food this isn't a bad option, but there are better, LOCAL places in Charlotte.
5	Great time
1	We ordered two appetizers and two side salads on a Sunday when the place was basically empty and we had to pull aside someone (not our server) to ask where our salads were after about 25 minutes. Then received our food, wings were gross dried out little turds and although my friend liked her hummus I thought it was weird and chunky. I was so annoyed by the indifference of the staff here that I would never go back. Drive a few more exits and go to Duckworths, I mean it
1	WORST BAR/GRILL EXPERIENCE EVER!!!!Let me preface this by writing, I am a mature black man. Always neatly presented in public. Clean cut, and articulate the English (my native) language very well.  September 13, 2014, I attempted to view the Mayweather fight at this establishment, I've never felt so disgusted behind trying to see a sporting event at a pub in my life. My wife and I walked into this place about 7:30pm. Upon entering, we both noticed the temperature was chilli so we left to buy her a sweater. Returned approximately 8:00pm. As we entered, we were asked if we were here for the fight.responded "Yes". We were advised of a $20.00 cover charge for two which we paid immediately. Found a table and got comfortable. Placed order with waitress. Just before our food orders were brought out, waitress comes to our table and ask if we were paying cash or card. I stated  "card,why?". She said the manager sent her over to pre-authorize my card. I said no and asked to see manager. I also explained to her that I've already used the card for the cover charge, why wasn't it stated and done at that point. A female manager then came over to our table and asked if we had any questions. I responded that I wasn't comfortable with any type pre-authorization on my card at this point and that I would gladly pay when we were finished. She leaves and sends "Aldo" the guy at the door!! Basically he was rude, obnoxious and in need of an altoid.Tried to communicate to this man that had we been advised at the door or when we paid the cover charge of this, it probably would not have been an issue. But... to come with this after the fact, ( 30 mins) now after receiving our food just seems strange. It comes across like they've profiled my wife and I to be "the type" that would run out on a bill. I wonder what attributes were used if indeed that was the scenario. He claims that they have a lot of people running out on their tab.   I advised "Aldo" that when we are done, we will pay. His response...OMG   "IF YOU LEAVE WITHOUT PAYING, I"M CALLING THE POLICE ON YOU"The short of is...We bagged and paid for our meals, LEFT NO TIP!!, and were refunded $20.00 cover charge. The only reason I even paid for the food was because it was already at the table, untouched but nevertheless...we considered that to be the "trickory".I've never experienced anything like this in my life. It's not about the few bucks... but I so regret giving these people one cent of my money.I WILL NEVER, EVER PATRONIZE THIS PLACE AGAIN
1	Found out today... another couple we are familiar with attended this same event .      Guess what...They weren't asked to preauthorize anything, nor were they asked    for their method of payment.       SO MUCH FOR CLAIMING THAT IT'S (THE B.S.) POLICY!!!
3	Cool vibe. I used to come here for trivia, but my team broke up and that was that.Food wise, haha...don't kid yourself! You only eat here to burn off the booze! The drinks are decent, but i'd have to take another person's word since I don't partake of the spirits.
4	Lots of Beers. Lots of TVs w/Sound. During football games, they have 2 rooms, each with 1 game's sound on. Raffles on game days. Free wi-fi. Great service. Food choices aren't too bad. I mean...what's there not to like about this place.
4	I've eaten and played trivia here a few times and I've always had a good time. The jacked up wedges and the wings are awesome. Really enjoyed both of those, and the French dip sandwich was impressive as well. I've only had poor service once and it was obvious our waitress wasn't attentive. Besides that, pretty cool place.
3	Ok food. Slow service. Table was dirty and silverware was dirty also. Very limited food menu. Plenty of other good choices in the area. It's really just a bar with bar food.
3	I only gave 3 stars for friendliness. ......wings were horrid, and if you are going to have all female bartenders make them semi attractive......no one wants to have 3's and 4's serving them
