4	I only gave it four because I got takeout and havent had a dine in experience. I ordered the Pho(fa) and it was Pho-king awesome. They had it all separated and ready for me to assemble, I only assume this was done to ensure the freshness. I can't remember what everyone else had because I was so engrossed in my meal, but they said it was super tasty... I will definitely be heading back for more. This prices are really good also. I believe they also have sushi. Weird thing is that they shut down for a bit midday to set for the dinner service. So phone first.
5	Service is great! This is a family owned business and are very friendly and helpful if you don't know some items on the menu. Pho is great. Even better for left overs. Sushi is super fresh and delish. Been here 4 times and I try something new each time. I love it. The atmosphere is very nice as well. It's pretty. They also have a very nice bar.
3	It's likely a place is going to be either really exciting or really bizarre when there is a Lucite stripper shoe with a melted heel on the sidewalk in front of it. Sadly, Asian Roll & Grill in Tega Cay, South Carolina, wouldn't be classified as really exciting or really bizarre, even though there was a Lucite stripper shoe with a melted heel on the sidewalk in front of it. The feel of the place is a little incongruent. Tables don't fit quite right within the booths, but that is part of the oddly familiar appeal. The owner and the servers are eager to please without being overzealous, and the dining room is spotless. Over in the bar, the blue tile provides a sleeker background for sushi noshing than the main dining area. Patio dining looks like it would be popular for diners and would draw in other customers. However, even in pretty weather, the umbrellas remain closed and customers are behind windows tinted so dark it is hard to tell if the restaurant is open.Some not so great things about Asian Roll & Grill: They don't have brown rice, they don't take the skin off of the grilled chicken, and the Vermicelli Bowls are a little heavy on the vermicelli. A certain server will tell you they can't make the Summer Rolls substituting tofu for shrimp. When it is explained to that server exactly how the substitution works, it miraculously happens. (Why wouldn't it be an option? The whole conversation was strange and not due to a language barrier.)The Pho, though, is well, PHOnomenal (sic). Huge portions of the fresh and comforting soup are Asian Roll and Grill's dish forte. Fresh house made chicken stock mixed with noodles, bean sprouts, cilantro and choice of meat are crave-worthy. Although there isn't a specific children's menu, the Miso soup, Yakitori, large bowls of Edamame and Fried Rice are winners with discerning kids.As a whole, Asian Roll & Grill is on the cusp of being a favorite small town eatery, especially compared to some of the other Japanese/Chinese/Vietnamese fusion restaurants in the area. With a few small improvements, it could corner the market.
4	The pho is unreal. "Craveable" was a word used in an earlier review and that's absolutely right. Like, wake up at 3 am craveable. The flavors are fantastic. The service is very good, you can tell they try very hard to please you and make sure you enjoy your visit. I've had the fresh summer rolls which are fantastic. I've had the tempura sweet potato, which is awesome. But I keep coming back for the pho. I haven't even tried anything else on the menu for my main dish. As I'm typing this I realize I'm going to have to pick some up for dinner, because now I'm craving it again.
5	I give it a 5 star! Amazing food and service. I was a bit confused on was taking my order, there were 3 people waiting on me and end ask the sushi chef to assist me in future orders. I would have rated 4 but, the sushi, spring rolls and pho was so amazing and fresh it deserves a 5 star rating. The rolls are a healthy serving and the spring rolls are WOW. My fav was the masago roll was my favorite. It was like a drug I had to get some to go. When I opened my to go box at home I had more than I ordered!
5	They have thee best sushi I have ever had!  I LOVE their stuff!  And the service is great. Very nice people.  I think it is a family owned business?  Which is really neat.  You will not be disappointed in whatever you order!
4	This place is fantastic.  Quite a surprise.  It's definitely "asian" and not "chinese".  Vietnamese Pho - yum.  The sushi is also very good.  Try the Godzilla, Fort Mill roll and Tega Cay roll.  Service is very attentive.  Almost too attentive - like there are 12 people working there when only half that are needed.  Perhaps the one weak spot is the drinks - they give you a can of soda not a fountain soda.  But the food is great and the people are very nice.  And it's been fairly quick too both times that I've been there.
5	The sushi is fantastic, especially the Godzilla Roll (the tiger roll and Dragon roll are great too).   They have fantastic Pho as well as the noodle bowls.  The sushi bar ambiance is cool.My 6 year old love the Edamame & Yakitori sticks (zucchini and chicken).My wife loves the summer rolls & Chicken Vermicelli bowl.The service is excellent.
4	For a rare Vietnamese from Orange County, CA visiting the South Carolina area I found the alternative from burgers, BBQ, and fried chicken very refreshing.  After days of just dense caloric meals, stumbling upon this place on a Sunday evening was a God send.  I got the brisket pho noodle soup and it was surprisingly VERY good.  It was on par with what you would get in Southern California or Little Saigon.  I know it might sound hard to believe.   The broth was piping hot and well seasoned with earthy aromas.  My girlfriend got two sushi rolls which she also  thought was fresh and delicious.  We also shared a fried gyoza appetizer and was pretty darn amazing too.  Dinner came out to $40 for 4 items.  So for you folks wanting to try some great Vietnamese food, this will hit the spot.  Oh yeah, it's healthy too!
2	I'm terribly disappointed that Yelp led me to the Asian Roll & Grill.  Let's begin with the food:The pho was without a doubt, the least flavorful I have ever had...and I've had alot of pho.  If they're building a savory pho from scratch...they sure fooled me, because it tasted like something from powder or a can.  No matter where you get pho, they're going to give you the fresh goodies to go along with the noodles and broth.  This doesn't make the pho itself good.  I won't bother getting into the other dishes tried as they were also mediocre.The decor of Asian Roll & Grill looks like a DIY project.  There's definitely not a Feng Sui to the place.  The layout is almost uncomfortable and haphazard in a neat and orderly way somehow.The service was OK, but it didn't matter much considering the less than average fare.Try:  I'm not really sure what to say here.  The sushi seems to be a hit...but then again...the pho seemed to be recommended as well.  Avoid:  The pho.  Seriously...if you eat pho regularly, you will find this to be a huge disappointment.
5	Very pleasant surprise.  Food was delicious and the service was exceptional.
4	Pho was delicious!! Sushi was very good too. Service was a little slow but they had a few large parties at lunch while I was there. I'll be craving that Pho thru the winter, I'm sure.
5	Solid feed here folks!  Great noodle bowl and excellent service!  Thank you!
5	Excellent food and service.Top choices:Soup - Pho soup is the best I have had!   Sushi - I really enjoyed the Godzilla roll the most.Noodles - the grilled chicken vermicelli was great!Salad - the mixed green salad had green leaf, cucumbers, tomato, apples, mango, and a ginger dressing they make there fresh.  You can taste so many unique flavors in the dressing it really makes the salad.  Love the apples and mangos in it!
4	Continues to be a fave of ours.  The pho is great (sorry to read one review about tasteless pho.  Chef /gramma must have been out that day or something. Ours is always really flavorful and rich). Hubby loves the stir fry dishes too -- and being from So Cal, I considered myself a sushi snob. Have to say I have not been disappointed in Asian Roll & Grill's sushi.   As far as decor/ambiance -- I'm not as crazy about the main dining room. We prefer the bar, with it's blue glass tile, cool faux'd walls and booths.
