4	I've said it before.  I will say it again.  What would Saturday be without a gyro & fries special?!
4	Oh, Showmars...how I love you.  Your pita burgers, ranch dressing, sweet tea with the BEST. ICE. EVER., and excellent service make me miss you all the time.Whenever I'm back in Charlotte, I make many trips to this casual and quick restaurant.  They make it really easy to take and order to go or eat in their dining room.  Head to Showmars and order anything, you won't be disappointed.  They do have a couple of specials every day.
2	Sorry, but I have been to Showmar's several times and can't climb aboard the Love Train like so many locals.It isn't unpleasant, but the ambience is meh, the food is meh, the price isn't a wallet-buster, but there are other places I can think of which are comparable in price and superior in taste.Props, though, to the staff, which is very attentive. I honestly have no huge gripe with Showmar's, just a distinct lack of being wowed. Perhaps my minority view should be seen as just that; I don't get opera, either, and the fact that opera has been around for centuries would indicate it is my failing and not opera's.
4	,Delicious food, cheap, fast, friendly.
4	Great place for a fast, casual meal at a great price.  I am always reluctant to go because I associate this place with mounds of fried food - but they have good salads too. On my last visit, I had a greek salad with grilled chicken and pita bread on the side. I really enjoyed it for what it is - a fast casual family oriented restaurant. The place is clean, the employees are helpful and friendly.
4	I really like this Showmar's for lunch. I especially like the fish sandwich or the fish platter. The service is great - the wait staff come around often and they are always cheerful. This is one of those places on my list that I can always depend on for good food and good service.
3	What can you say about Showmar's? Good burgers (I like the Super C), gyros, onion rings & ice cold Cheerwine! Yep, Cheerwine, a southern classic. You don't see that everyday in the fountain drinks!  When we visited this location on Friday night, the service was friendly and the food was served up fast. And it's affordable. My family of 4 got out of there for $25 bucks.
4	Just like most the the chain, which I am a big fan of, my first visit to my neighborhood Showmar's was a great one.  Recently moving into this 'hood, I was happy to see a Showmar's so close to my new apartment and took the opportunity of a long day at work as an excuse to blow off my "diet" and enjoy some fried shrimp.Located at the Providence Commons shopping center at the corner of Providence and Ballantyne Commons Pkwy (on the Providence Rd side) parking was ample and well lit - but look out for all of the speed bumps (more like speed curbs), they are ridiculous.  I was probably slightly early for the dinner crowd, so my wait was only behind one family.  I quickly ordered the calabash shrimp platter with extra tartar sauce (they do charge extra for extra sauces, as most places do, but their tartar sauce is YUM), which comes with a good sized portion of fried shrimp, french fries, a few hush puppies (hello carby goodness) and cole slaw (their slaw is crunchy and creamy, with a slight sweetness, very good) and a giant sweet tea.  Showmar's has GREAT sweet tea - not syrupy sweet, just the right amount and they have the pellet-sized ice that I love.  I was in need of some sweets too and don't like baklava (I know, I don't know what is wrong with me - it's sweets and pastry, how can it be bad...?), so I purchased one of the white chocolate macadamia nut cookies that were on display.The food was hot and fresh.  I quickly got my takeout and it survived the 5 minute trip back to my apartment still on the hot side of warm.  I was disappointed that neither ketchup or utensils were in my bag - they usually ask at the Park Cedar location and I forgot to tell them.  No big, I was at home which contains both ketchup and utensils.  The shrimp were standard calabash style shrimp - well breaded, decent sized, good flavor.  The tartar sauce is what makes the meal for me - delicious.  Fries were fat crinkle cuts, cole slaw wasn't pulverized like some places, but nice sized chunks of the veggies in a creamy sauce that coated everything well but didn't drown it.  Hushpuppies were good (I don't think I have ever had a bad hushpuppy?!).  The cookie was bleh.  Mushy, not very well flavored, seemed underdone, I was not a fan.My order was ready quickly and was correct, food was delish as per usual (except the cookie) - love Showmar's and this location is a great one!
4	Cheap. and Nice place if you go to the restaurants , They also have these places in food-courts and the food is about the same. Decent
5	Great food and great service! I've been coming to this location for years and they always provide awesome food and fast service. I usually do to go orders and call ahead, but they always have it ready for me even if I'm calling a few minutes before I arrive. The employees are friendly and the location is close by. Only downside is parking around busy times, but that's common in south Charlotte.
2	Livery strong greasy odor all thru dinner
5	Excellent!  Good food, very fast service, dependable,  consistent.  The service is so good,  it's almost competitive among the servers.
5	Best Showmars in Charlotte! Food is always great and the service is always better! Great for lunch of dinner!
1	My dad loves this place but to me, Wendy's has a better burger and that's not saying much.  The burger you could tell had been frozen and wasn't even warm when served.  The onion rings were inedible.  The salads my dad got were pretty good, considering.  I will avoid this place from now on for sure.
