5	Love this place! We're looking to build our own kitchen island as well as a little bar for our house. We came here and bought an upper and lower cabinet and drawers for just a little over $50. They're perfect and so much cheaper than buying a brand new island. Now we just have to prime, paint, add some wainscoting and a top, and we'll have ourselves a pretty little island.If you need anything for your house cheap and don't mind it being used, this is the place to come. Doors, cabinets, drawers, microwaves, ovens, etc. - they have it all and it's super cheap. They're really nice here and plus, the money you spend helps the charity. And if you're remodeling, be sure to donate your old stuff here.
5	I went here with a friend who was looking for some cabinets to put into an out building.  My jaw dropped when we walked in the front door.  It's packed with kitchen cabinets, vanities, some home entertainment systems, bathtubs, counter tops, doors, windows, office furniture, etc.Most, but not all, of the inventory is used.  Some of the wood products had scratches but none of them had any serious damage so I suspect they're picky about what they take in.My friend was able to buy two kitchen's worth of cabinets that matched.  He plans on painting them.  They sell kitchens in full sets but they also have individual cabinets for sale in another part of the store so if you just need a base cabinet for an island you'l probably be able to find it.Of course their inventory will change frequently because they rely on donations but it's worth checking out if you're looking for something.
5	Maybe it's a guy thing, but I love this place. I've visited on perhaps 15 or 20 occasions, finding different items, ready for repurposing, every time. It's a do-it-yourselfer's dream! That said, if you see something you like, buy it. It may not be there tomorrow.So what types of things you will find? A lot of gold chromed lighting fixtures and shower doors. A lot of oak cabinets. Very 70's. Very 80's. All the things Millennials who watch HGTV are immediately pulling out of the homes they buy. Need to match a fixture at your grandmother's house? This is where you'll find it!Do not despair, however, there are contemporary gems to be found as well. You just need to be a frequent visitor to find them. And the kitchen cabinets... at these prices... they can be refinished. You'll also find doors, dishwashers, ovens, sinks, bathtubs... The staff is quite friendly. A very nice non-profit vibe.
