4	Hey it takes some real guts to open up a Restaurant in this current economy, so first off we want to give them a big cheer! We were so happy to have a new place to try and equally happy with the food. They have only been open for two days and still making plans for growth inside the Restaurant. We started off with the mambo platter with Dominican friend chicken and pork. Well the thumbs went up and smiles erupted from everyone's face. Our Friends that joined us that evening are from Jersey and this type of food is popular back there and they were thrilled. The Cuban sandwich was a huge hit and the pickles inside are scrumptious, giving it that perfect snap. The others had pork platters with yellow rice, they licked their plates clean so that was a good indication that it was fantastic. I really enjoyed the Dominican fried chicken, great seasoning on the outside and very moist on the inside. They have a pretty good sized menu and serve breakfast and amazing looking deep dish pizzas and wings. So there are plenty of choices for everyone.We look forward to dining here again!
1	I've had a better cuban sandwich at Village Inn. Still trying to figure out what part of the chicken the "Dominican Chicken" is ????  and my salad came after my entree.  Not impressed ....
4	So i have been meening to stop by and try JJs pizza. Well jjs is gone but you can still get their pizza here. I however chose a 2 tostada meal. I had one pork and one chicken. Both were very good but the pork was my favorate of the 2. I also ordered a small soup and a juice. All I had was very good. I will be back.
5	Just went with my family for the first time today! It was AMAZING!! Everybody ordered something different and shared and we did not eat one thing that we didn't like. What a great variety to choose from. Thank you Eddy for the amazing food and the incredible customer service. This will be our new Go To place to eat!!
5	I love this restaurant!! The food is delicious and the service is amazing...They always treat us like family.  What a great selection of food to keep you coming back with out getting bored of eating the same old thing. This is definitely  our new go to place to eat.
5	Great place and great food!
3	This was my first experience with Dominican food and I was excited to try it, especially having a new and culturally diverse restaurant out here in Queen Creek.For the record, we ordered takeout.  Maybe if we ate in the restaurant things would have gone better.  One big plus for Mambo's--they poked holes in the Styrofoam containers containing items that should remain crispy such as french fries and plantains.What we ordered:  Mambo Platter (large)                                   Cuban Sandwich                                  Ham and Cheese Empanada                                  Seasoned Ground Beef EmpanadaThe large Mambo platter is HUGE and way too much for two people.  Since my husband did the ordering and pick up, I know he thought he'd want leftovers if the food was good.  Too bad that wasn't the case with the Mambo Platter.  The pork rinds were way overcooked and pretty much inedible.  The plantains were bland and blah.  The Dominican Fried Chicken was pretty good but also overcooked a bit.  Not recommended as takeout.  Not sure I'm willing to shell out $12.00 to try it again at the restaurant (that's the price for the small platter).   The large platter cost us a whopping $22.00.  Way too much for the quality we received even though it was a huge portion.The Cuban Sandwich was decent.  It was pretty well packed with meat and had good flavor.  It could have been pressed for just a couple more minutes to get that great crunch on the outside and the gooey melt in the middle with the cheese.   Came with bland, underdone french fries.  Reasonably priced at $6.50. The standouts from this meal were the empanadas.  Both kinds were excellent!  Wish we'd ordered a shredded chicken one as well.  These tasty treats are the reason I'm willing to go back to Mambo's and try again.  I'd say again and again for the empanadas.  A bargain at $1.50 each, they are deep-fried yumminess.  I'm used to the Mexican sweet  baked version but wanted to try these savory babies.  So glad I did.  If the other food had been on par with these, my review would have been a solid 4.  I'm definitely going to give Mambo's another try because I'm already craving their empanadas.  Can't speak about their service because I wasn't there but the hubby didn't complain so it much have been okay.
4	Delicious!  Everything we tried was good.  Defiantly get the Cuban It is scrumptious!I would go back again and again... Yes I need to go back now!
1	33.00 for a "Special" and a mofongo that nearly broke my teeth.
5	I love this place. This is not a chain. Everything is fresh and prepared when you order. On separate visits  I have had the Empanada, the Chimi burger, the Cuban sandwich. All Awesome!  The fried plantains were incredible. On my next visit I will try rice and beans. If you go say hello to Cesar, his dad and cousin Eddie. I highly recommend that you give this place.
4	Food tastes like home cooking like my grandmother used to make... If she was Dominican. If you're allergic to flavor, you might  want to stay at home and make a bologna sandwich.
2	This was our first and last visit to this restaurant. We split the Cuban sandwich and the pork was terrible.  My daughter had the chicken salad and it was boring.  The inside of the restaurant smells like fried food And you will leave smelling like the fryer.
3	They DO NOT deliver.....
5	Great food....  Beef and chicken empanadas were excellent.  Had steak and yellow rice.  Was just the right amount of spices.  Good atmosphere ( enjoyed watching sports while eating).  Everyone seems really happy here.  Good for families.  Will be back.
