5	Just used Dad's Catering for my wedding in November. First of all, they are very affordable. When you are paying for your wedding yourself, this is very important. Second, they allow you to purchase all of your own alcohol and they will provide a bartender. This saved me so much money as I was able to buy all my alcohol when it was on sale. I had a pasta bar at my wedding and I got so many compliments on it. I highly recommend them for your next event!
1	Completely inedible.  Some people say the price is right, but I say you get what you pay for.  I would have rather been served dog food... at least then I would have known what it was.  Servers couldn't even open bottles of wine.  I certainly wouldn't use this company.
1	I have used Dad's for two events, a 25th Anniversary and my own wedding. First event food was inconsistant, dry and unappetizing, service was amazing. My wedding just the opposite food was great service was a mess. Servers were late, out of uniform, in dirty clothing, standing out front smoking and drinking. Did not follow direction. A nightmare. There were major fails in both events, but the worst part is how unresponsive the management was to concerns/complaints. It was like we have your money so we don't care. I felt totally blown off and will tell anyone who will listen about my experience. I would not use them again for any reason. You really do get what you pay for in this case. Spend a little extra and use a quality caterer who will respond to your concerns and ensure that your event is what you want it to be. Don't take a chance here.
2	Had Dad's catering at a Christmas party I attended and even for free food I felt ripped off. I would have brought a lunch that day if I knew that I would be eating canned green beans, undercooked scalloped potatoes and cheap packaged rolls with "whipped spread". The little desert trays were good at least, and the staff was friendly enough, which is why I bumped it up to two stars.
5	Dad's Catering just catered our daughter's wedding last Saturday at Stonebridge Manor and they were outstanding! The food was awesome, the pork tenderloin was out of this world and the Cheesy Chicken was great too, not to mention, we had so many compliments on the garlic potatoes!  Dad's also did the Cocktail Hour appetizers and the guests loved all the selection and variety. We were very pleased with them and we would NOT HESITATE to use them again in the future. The servers were polite, well groomed and excellent and they cut and served our cake as well. From the Mother of the Bride
4	Dad's Catering was great to work with for our wedding.  We were starving when we met with them for a tasting, and we could not even finish the sample plates they brought us. All the food we tried was super fresh and really tasty.  We got a great deal too - two free appetizer trays (we chose chips, veggies and dip) and a free 1 year anniversary cake!They went out of their way to help us keep our budget down, never pressured us or tried to upsell us.  They were just great people all around.The only reason they don't get the full five stars from me is that they are not that tech-savvy and that's important these days. Email communication was not their strong suit, so I felt I had to call anytime I had a simple question.Other than that, I loved their food, and next time we need catering they will be at the top of our list.
2	I have now had this catering service food as a guest at 2 different weddings. Both times the steak was cold and the vegetables overcooked , flavorless and discolored.  The service was good as was the dessert tray.  The cocktail hour meatballs were very unattractive and strange tasting.  Other guests were afraid to try them.  I was a guest but as a recent bride I'm glad I didn't use them.
