4	Nice community, coffee served after mass in the morning which is nice and sometimes food.Mass bread is a little thick.
3	My son is in middle school and is currently enrolled in their catholic school program. It takes two years for him to finish and take his First Communion. The ladies that run the program are all very nice. If you are looking for a place to take your son or daughter and live near this area, I recommend that you check them out.
3	I attended Mass while in Vegas on business.  The deacon asks visitors to stand before Mass and introduces / welcomes you to the church community.  I thought this was very thoughtful.  There are no kneelers so you stand when you would normally kneel.  The altar is in the middle of the room with everyone facing in which was nice.  There was no crucifix so I know that would have bothered my wife had she been with me but all in all I really enjoyed Mass.  Felt very inviting and comfortable.
5	I've been part of this parish since before I can remember. My husband is also a part of the parish - so we obviously decided to get married there. It isn't the most conventional church. They seem more modernized than other churches, but the community really seems to like to get to know you as do the priests. They were super organized with our wedding and I loved meeting with father bill for our marriage classes. He gave us lots of cool tips and didn't try to force his beliefs onto us. They worked with us on the way we wanted our wedding to be and even let us bring in Albert to sing for us even though he wasn't on the list. He was amazing! They even found out which days my husband and I had our first communion there and it ended up being the same day at the same time! So that was pretty cool. :) Anyways, I love it here and it has a much bigger sense of community than other churches I've been to.
5	My sister-in-law took me to this place and it is very well hidden.  I think they mostly perform low masses here so that's good!
5	I've been to many other parishes in the Vegas valley and I always prefer going here. It is not a grand church. It is not adorned in gold with granite or marble tiles and candles in front of saints. Wine chalices and plates for hosts are ceramic and simple. The alter and side panels are wood. It is not traditional seating where all the pews face frontward to the end of the church for the alter. The seats are interlocked chairs with no knee rests. It is odd, but here is why I like all this.The alter is in the center of the church which I feel is appropriate because the alter is the center attention of mass.  Having gold and beautiful adornments shouldn't show the credibility of a church or parish, it is the people. Here, the people are welcoming and accepting. It has its own LGBTQ parish group, marriage support retreats, and sunday breakfast/brunches with donuts and coffee. The music ministry is dedicated and offer music aside from the usual organ and single cantor.We don't kneel during eucharist because the parish believes that the standing is symbolic as the people standing together in the faith and celebration of communion. Father Manny is a great speaker in homily and promotes children's participation. During baptisms, young children are invited to sit around the alter and watch up close as the baby is christened. It is a community built at this church. They took a different approach to presenting Catholic mass, and for me, it works.
