3	This salon isn't much to look at, but I didn't go because I wanted to be in a "spa environment."  I went because I wanted a cheap pedi!  $20 is nothing; the ladies here do great work.  They are meticulous and take their time.  I was here 45 minutes.  I have paid WAY more elsewhere and been less satisfied.They do get busy, and I had to wait a while before someone could see me.  Make sure you bring cash for a tip--they take cards, but only for the base price of the service.
4	Ok, so obviously a priority when I moved to Pittsburgh was to find a nail salon stat! Immediately I was blown away with the prices of mani/pedis here, typically around $10-$15 more expensive than in Los Angeles.  I digress. Anyways, after doing some preliminary YELP research, I discovered NY Nails, and decided to check it out.  I went on a Tuesday morning, probably around 10am, and the small salon was PACKED.  I could not believe how busy it was on a Tuesday morning...damn Gina.  The salon boasts the cheapest prices in the area, $30 for both mani/pedi, and although it wasn't a high-end spa type of environment, and was very busy, it felt sanitary and clean.  I always bring my own nail polish, and my experience was pleasant.  I also asked a couple of women in the salon if this place was really "the best." The basic consensus is that it is for the price, which is pretty darn cheap.  All and all I would rate this place a good value for a clean, nice experience. Don't expect the Ritz, but you get what you pay for. You dig?
5	my cousin told me about this place so i thought id check it out. stopped in today around 330ish for a pedicure and they took me right away even tho they were busy!! it was seriously the best pedicure ive had in pittsburgh!!! the ladies who work here take their time & THEY SPEAK ENGLISH!! plus they dont talk about you in their language in front of you. anyway back to my pedicure .. she let my feet soak for a good bit of time, the water never got cold, enough time was spent on the nail shaping, etc. plus i didnt even flinch or anything .. some places can be rough! then she cleaned my feet with soap and did the best leg/foot massage ever! it was the best .. and for only .. $25!!! pedicure are $20 but i got a french so it was an extra $5. ill deff be returning here!! can't wait to get my arylics filled and another pedicure!!
5	Went here for the first time last week. I was SO pleased with the service and the price !!!! I arrived 10 minutes early for a pedicure and I was seated almost immedietly. The cutest little lady did my pedicure and dud a great job. Pedicures cost only 20$... That's a HUGE deal in my book. Why didn't I come here sooner ?! I will absolutely be back !!!! PS*** keep in mind you cannot tip on a credit card !!!!!
5	Hands down, best manicure place in pittsburgh!
3	I went in to have my gel polish changed because another salon applied it wrong and it was coming off after 2 days! The salon was clean, but I wish they used the sanitizing equipment  the correct way.  They applied my polish perfectly and were reasonably priced.  I was a walk in and they took me right away which is a real plus.The service and color selection was good as well.
4	$30 mani/pedi. That's worth 4 stars. Secret must be out, because it's always busy - but the technicians are all very polite, they have a huge selection of colors, it seems relatively clean, and they have been on-time-ish with appointments. The massage chairs are huge and comfy. The do take credit cards, but you have to tip in cash (for those of you, like me, who never, ever carry cash). My only complaint is that it can be a little inconsistent. Sometimes you get hand warmers, sometimes you get a 5 minute leg massage, sometimes you don't. Meh. Just seriously, prepare to be grossly underwhelmed with the decor and lack of spa-like environment. It is straight up just a nail shop. There are no organic foot bubbles, or vanilla hand scrubs - but the price is right.
4	The day after I wrote this, I went in for a pedi. There were signs abound that a price increase has hit, and mani's are now $12. So, mani-pedi = $32.
4	This is an updated review.  I edited my review to reflect my newest visit.  They were extremely busy and my french manicure is not at all even.  Three nails have clearly thicker white tips than the rest.  The only reason why I didn't make them do it over again was because I was running late to another appointment or else I would have had the manicurist fix it.  Ehh not too shabby for something that will last approx 1.5 weeks.
2	I made an appointment for three of us to get a pedi. The place smells like chemicals and it doesnt seem like they have a proper ventilation system. The nail polish selection is outdated and looked old.Finally, during the pedi, the water was cold, the woman's hands were cold and it was the most half ass pedi i have ever received; tho as most reviews indicate, it's hard to find a decent place in pgh that isn't an expensive spa.The woman finished my pedi in 15 minutes and i was left sitting while my friends and other women who were seated will before us were still enjoying some foot tlc. There was no massage, which I am accustomed to and i had to tell the woman 3 times not to cut my cuticles. Im sure it is completely dependent on the person who does the pedi, but i have no desire to come back to this place.
2	the worst place i have ever been!  i went to get my nails done before a wedding, and they had this very elderly lady working there, who i felt really bad for!!! why was she doing my nails! i don't think she could see properly.  Besides the horrible manicure, they place looked dirty, staff was not very nice, they just stared at me when i walked in.  My nails were so bad, i had to get them redone at a airport spa on my way to the wedding.
5	I've been to New York Nails twice.  If you are looking for a spa experience, this  is not the place.  However, NYN is a great place to go for fast, friendly, clean service.  Lucy did my pedicure and she did a fabulous job.  I had a different person last time, who was also friendly and professional.  I called ahead of time and made an appointment for three of us.  They worked it out so we could sit beside each other, which I thought was very nice considering the place was completely full.
4	Today was my first time here. Before I moved to Pittsburgh my husband bought me a gift certificate to this nail salon to make the transition from New York a little easier. (He's definitely a keeper).I called at about 9:45 to see if they had any availability around 10:45. They did and put me in the book.I showed up on time and picked my colors. Then I was told to go to the 4th pedicure chair at which point I turned on the massage chair. Then my pedicureist set me up with a bowl to soak off my acrylics while he began the pedicure. It was thorough but the massage was week. After that someone else did the rest of my acrylic removal and manicure. It was great!The prices are higher than in New York, but the quality is fantastic. I am very happy and will be returning!
5	I went here today to get a manicure and a pedicure for a total of $30. The man who did my nails was very kind, as all other workers appeared to be nice as well. He took his time, got rid of a lot of dead skin, and really made sure my nails looked beautiful. Also a very clean environment.
5	I had a great experience bring out of town friends here. They have a big salon with lots of chairs so we could all be together.
1	I visited for the first time 4 wks ago for a set of acrylics.  Kahn did my nails.  Because I didn't understand how he was applying the tips, I must have had a confused expression on my face because he started to explain that he does thing differently than everyone else and that I wouldnt find a person anywhere who does it like this.  He said that instead of attaching the tips to the nail, he attaches it to the skin...HUH?? I have had tips before and it was never done this way.So a week later, one nail fell off!!  Two weeks after another nail fell off!!! Two and a half weeks later, a third nail fell off!!This has NEVER happened to me and I think if he would have applied the nails the normal way, this would not have happened.Anyway, I plan on stopping in today and I am requesting that my nails taken off and a new set reapplied by someone other than Kahn.I will update this entry after the visit..UPDFATE: I went to salon today and talked to manager. she agreed to redo them.  when the new guy was doing my nails he said i wasn't being charged for the redo (which is what i thought because manager never said i would have to pay for a redo). when i checked out the girl told me that they were charging me $30!! are you kidding me? If they werent going to make this right by doing it free of charge, then the LEAST i should be charged is for a fill in, not $30!!I will never go back here.  I will go back to Venetian in Waterfront.  They are a little pricier but apparently worth it.
5	Love this place!  I have been going there 2x a month for years for mani/pedis.  I have had just about every tech there and they all did a good job.  If you have a problem ask too speak to Kim the owner who is always there and always tries to please.  Good hard working people and good prices.
1	I haven't lived in Pittsburgh long, and was looking for a new nail salon. I went clear across town to get to this place, after reading the high reviews. They were very busy, the salon was clean, and I was quickly seen by someone at the front desk. All good signs. However, it quickly became apparent looks can be deceiving.I came in for a full set of gels. The first thing that happened was that the nail technician argued with me about acrylics instead for no discernible reason. I repeatedly said no, and he just kept saying, "acrylics?" I would say, "No! Gel!" eventually loud enough to draw attention from everyone getting pedis. I asked if there was a reason I couldn't have gels, and he just kept repeating, "I'll give you acrylics." I should have walked away then, but I'd driven far enough I didn't want to have wasted the gas and time. Eventually, he settled on, "gel powder okay?" Gel powder is NOT gel. I knew that, but I was sick of arguing, and accepted it.He did not ask me if I wanted rounded or flat tips. When he started making them flat and I said I wanted round tips, he said, "okay, last, afterwards," so I figured he'd round them all at once. Nope. He left them flat. When it became apparent that's what he was doing, I tried saying again that I wanted round tips, and again I was met with an answer that implied he'd fix them at the end. When he declared me done and sent me to the dryer, I said one last time that I had asked him for rounded tips, which he IGNORED!!! And just walked away!On top of the absolutely horrible service and failure to listen to me OR explain why I couldn't get gels (something I've never had a problem with anywhere before), the nail job itself was absolutely horrendous! They were crooked, half of them COVER my cuticles, and far too bulky. I measured; each nail is almost 3 millimeters thick. Go find a measuring tape and see how thick 3 millimeters is. It's like having clogs strapped to my fingertips.Maybe their other nail technicians are better; maybe their pedis are amazing. I wouldn't know, and I'm never finding out. Be sure to steer clear if you're looking for fake nails. AWFUL!
5	Oh boy!!! If you have not tried the 'deluxe pedicure' for $40 yet please treat yourself.  It was my birthday so I splurged and I thought that was the best money I have ever spent on myself.  Get the deluxe pedicure if you can afford it....you will love it!  Regular pedicures are $20 and they are a super good deal also.  Love this place and the people that work there are the best!
5	This is the place to go in Pittsburgh for a manicure and pedicure.  They are clean, don't make you wait long, do a a fantastic job, and reasonably priced.  For both a manicure and pedicure it is $30 and for just a manicure $12 or just a pedicure $20. I usually make an appointment but the best days to go (least crowded) are Monday or Sundays (yes they are open on Sundays). They have many colors to choose from and do offer shellac polish as well as waxing and massage services.  The staff are friendly (I highly recommend David) and take their time on your nails.
4	When I was a teenager, my stepmother took me to a fancy-pants, expensive salon to get our nails done. This gave me a high bar against which to measure all future manicures, but I think I might have actually found a place that measures up rather well.The location is rather small, and as expected, difficult to ventilate well. Especially since it was January, and they couldn't exactly open windows! That didn't stop them from having plenty of good smelling candles that managed to cover the expected chemical odors. Even though one couldn't escape the smell, I was quite pleased that it wasn't as all-encompassing as it has been in other nail salons.Also, I was quite pleased in the treatment that my hands and nails got. I've been to several nail salons in the last few years, looking for a new "home" for my occasional treats. I had no need to argue that I like my nails shaped differently than the current trend. I received much better cuticle care at this salon than I have at the last few places. They were quite professional and efficient, while having very reasonable prices.I can't wait until it's time to return to New York Nails. I only had a manicure so far. Next visit, I'll get a pedicure, too!
4	I always come here to get my nails done. It smells a bit like acetone but what nail salon doesn't? I always get the acrylics and they have always done a good job. It's not the best I've ever had, but the prices are cheap and you get what you pay for.
3	Eh - 5 stars for my pedi, 1 star for my gel mani.This place isn't much to look at, but it is clean.  I thoroughly enjoyed my pedicure, and the technician actually took the time to give me a massage!  Most places SAY you are getting a massage - NY Nails delivers.My gel manicure was uneven and started lifting the next day.  I did not have time to head back and get it fixed, unfortunately.  So I ended up paying 15 bucks extra for a manicure that was off my fingers less than a week later.  Humbug.Prices have increased since April 1 - pedicures are now $22, mani/pedi combo is $32, $15 extra for gel/shellac (if you get shellac on both that's an extra $30).  You cannot add a tip on your card and they ask that tips are in cash.  Parking is metered and on-street.TL;DR Get the pedi, skip the gel mani.
2	While they do an acceptable job at manicures and pedicures, the customer service is not up to par.  My experience here is that they are overbooked and understaffed.  It would make a big difference if they keep to the time they tell you to be there for an appointment, rather than saying they can take you "now" and then have you wait.  That seems like a simple customer service fix.  I'll try a few different salons before returning here again.
1	By far and away a not pleasant experience.  I felt rushed and through like I was on an assembly line, which would be ok if my mani and pedi looks reasonable.  Instead it looked poorly done and sloppy.  Further more I got a toe nail infection shortly after pedicure.  I have never gone back!!
4	I enjoy being pampered, but for some reason the idea of a pedicure always creeped me out -- being perched high in a massage chair while someone sits at my feet sawing off the calluses and cleaning out the nail yuckies just seemed wrong. Who am I, the Queen of Sheba? So for years I attempted to service my own feet, and it often resulted in bleeding cuticles, crooked toenails, and polish that looked like it was applied by a six year old. So a few years ago, reluctantly, I decided that I needed to put my weirdness with pedicures aside and start enlisting the help of a nail professional.Enter New York Nails. They were my very first pedicure, and though I've dabbled in other places over the years, I usually end up coming back here. This is not the Taj Mahal of nail salons -- it's small and a bit dated, but appears to be clean. I've never gotten any foot diseases or nail infections after coming here, so that's good enough for me! They are extremely busy...it doesn't matter what day you come or what time you come, it will be busy. They are very popular and seemingly too small for the amount of clientele that they have. That being said, I always do a walk in and not an appointment, and usually my wait is no more than 20-25 mins (sometimes less, but I've never waited more). I don't have a "regular" that I see -- I've gotten my toes done by almost everyone who works there, and they are all decent. Some are a bit better than others, but not to the point where I feel the need to request someone in particular. They all take their time and do a thorough job. And you can't beat the price -- $22 for a regular pedi, $5 extra if you want a French or design. I've never gotten a manicure there, but you can add one to your pedi for only another $10 ($32 total).And yes, like others have mentioned, this place definitely has a pungent chemical smell. It's not as bad in the summer when they can open the doors, but in the winter it's quite strong. I don't really mind because I'm only there for an hour or so, but I feel bad for the employees...I'm no doctor, but surely that can't be good to be breathing in all day?!
1	Wouldn't recommend this place to anyone. Very rude and refused to do a simple design.
5	Love my nails! I came to NY nails after a disaster at a different salon and I was so happy with everything.  The woman who took care of me was Rosie she was very nice and funny and did exactly what I wanted with my nails.  Not to mention the prices are very reasonable!
1	The worst service ever!!!!!!!  Try to get a gel nails(French ) she did it all wrong and tell me that is my fault , cuz I didnt explain it right!!! She charge me more for that!!! And it's cheeped by the end of the Same day  !!!
5	I love this place. I've been coming here for about 8 years. They are quick, clean and very reasonable. Where can you get a pedi-mani for about $30? And, while they are quick, they are meticulous. My regular manicures last about a week without a chip and that's pretty good for regular polish. I've not had a pedicure chip ever. Even thru a beach vacation. Their colors move fast, too so the rotation in polish is regular. The selection is ample. Recently have moved to shellac manicures and I love them. Fairly priced at $27 with manicure. $22 without. Place is clean and sanitized. I haven't done waxing there, but that seems to be popular as well.Make an appointment! This place can be very busy so it's tough to get in right away as a walk-in. Be prepared to wait if so...they are busy!
