1	It's a quick meal for lunch, but fairly unappetizing. I am quite unsure why there was such a long line leading to the entrance. It's place I am definitely not look forward to visiting again.
1	Why do people think they can just make teriyaki? Samarai Sam's is definitely a great white hope to asian goodness. Ok so here's a teriyaki lesson:Japanese make teriyaki usually with shaved beef or chicken pieces. and a light sauce. Usually from soy sauce, sugar, and sake...usually a thin sauceHawaiians: grill meat so it's got the charring and add a sweet sauce with a base of shoyu and brown sugar, pineapple juice/honey so it's sweeter.Samarai Sam's: What the hell is a teriyaki wrap with rice? Doesn't it defeat the purpose of Atkins? Is this fusion? It's basically cheap, fast faux teriyaki bowls. For what it is....it's the McDonald's of Teriyaki. Is it good? Eh It's boring....
1	Wow... Even with my BOGO coupon, this food was horrendous. I'm not even joking and not that you thought I was. Please save your time and do not stop here. The chicken was dry and their rice tasted like hard white pellets. The veggies were okay. They do give you extra teriyaki sauce and now I know why, so the chicken would have some sort of taste!There might be other Samurai Sam's locations that are good, but this specific store is a no go!
1	CLOSED?! Wow, this must have just happened because I was just there 2 weeks ago.But, regardless, it was terrible. The service was flat out BAD -- I was ignored for 5 minutes while 4 employees dicked around by the fryers.We ordered two chicken bowls and an order of potstickers to share.The potstickers looked like deep fried testes. We asked them to redo them when they initially served us these shriveled little balls that had melted wax paper stuck to them because they put them in the bag when it was covered in hot grease. They brought them back raw, but dripping in grease. I actually said to the girl behind the counter, "You've got to be kidding me."The rice was mushy, the teriyaki sauce was ICE cold, the chicken was dry, and the mixed vegetables were just a bunch of greasy bok choy and limp carrots.This was a favorite place to go in San Diego and the first one we'd tried in Vegas since moving here last year.Totally, inexcusably awful. If it really is closed, it's good riddance.
5	Best thing I had today: their blackberry jasmine iced tea. Unsweet, so its dyi sweet. Perfect.
1	Customer service was horrible, me and my boyfriend walked into the place and the cashier was  busy and rolled her eyes at us because I guess we interrupted her . She didn't greet us and while we were looking at the menu she kept sighing at us to hurry up and pick. On top of that the food wasn't good at all. The brown rice was really hard and undercooked, the steak and chicken was ok overall this location and it's food was really bad.
4	Had the steak and rice bowl here.Fast friendly service.Food was delicious.Only negative at all was too many veggies, but that may be a plus for some.
1	Let me tell you a true story about this location...I needed to use the restroom before I ordered and ate.  I walked down a hallway and passed kitchen supplies and a bicycle.  The bathroom was a horrible mess and immediately I noticed there was no soap.  One bathroom, employees and guests...no soap...hmmmm.  I immediately turned around and got out of there...sickness waiting to happen.
4	I'm here at least once a week.My normal order:Large Chicken Bowl (white meat), extra Chicken, brown rice, and broccoli. 10oz of tasty chicken breast!!!If I'm here 1 to 2 times per week, obviously I recommend this place. Staff has always been good. This place is not incredibly busy so you may find associates doing nothing. I don't mind it.Biggest perk is a discount I get because I go to the gym. See you guys Sunday!!!
1	This food was horrendous. I'm not even joking and not that you thought I was. Please save your time and do not stop here. Gummy noodles and raw veggies...ughI even asked for veggies well done. They better shape up or they won't  be open much longer. Just my thoughts.
3	I prefer the other Samurai Sam's in Village Center but when I don't feel like driving I end up at this location as it's closer to home. The quality is not as good as the other location (rice is sometimes mushy or hard) but it's convenient.
1	I usually write out some lengthy reviews...Today is not that day. The food quality, quantity and price - horrendous.Save your money...please go elsewhere for your teriyaki.
1	Disappointing....My first time to this business. I have eaten a few times at another S.S and had a great experience but this unfortunately was not know one of them.So walked in and they were packing up around maybe 2hrs early, I had to look online to see if they were open.The lady who served me was nice, I explained that I had not been to this location and she went through the menu ok.Ordered mixture of both rice and noodle bowls.Got them home and the meats were dry and the vegetables were not cooked well.As i walked out one of the employees was smoking at the front door!! Bit of a shame
5	I see other reviews on here and complaints about the back area and bathroom. This is a smaller business and if someone rides a bike to work and keeps it in the back to prevent theft that doesn't bother me. As gas as the bathroom being out of soap, it happens...... Just let someone know about it!Food is great, prices are fair.
1	Must be new owners. I have been to this location before and it was pretty good back then. Went tonight and the food was terrible. The vegetables were overcooked and mushy!  Ordered two bowls - one brown rice and one white rice. They mixed up the two orders.  The white rice was very soft and mushy. Too much water and cooked too long.  Not as much food as before either. Very disappointing and wont be back.  They should heed these reviews and do something to improve the quality.
4	I had dinner at Samurai Sams tonight and it was good. I had the Teriyaki Steak rice bowl and the meat was very good. The Vegetables were excellent and the rice also good. I will go back again.
