4	I came here for the CrossFit Games Open WOD 13.3.  A group of CrossFit gyms were rotating the schedule.  This gym is huge!  It's very clean and well set-up.  The owners and staff were nice and did an amazing job with hosting the Open this week for over 100 competitors.  If you're around this neighborhood, I would definitely recommend joining this box!
5	Great place. Good people and very passionate and caring owners. These people really care about your success and are good hearted. I highly recommend coming here if you're looking to mix up your workout and be surrounded by some really supportive crossfitters.
5	Love this place! I was a first time Crossfitter and was a little intimidated but everyone, members and staff were so welcoming. Coaches are friendly and very detailed orientated especially when it comes to perfect form for all of the movements. I have been going here for two months now and am already seeing results.
5	I have been going to This is Crossfit for almost a year now.  Best decision I ever made to join crossfit and to choose this box.  I am much healthier and more physically fit than i have ever been before.  The coaches here are very zoned in on making sure all your movements are safe and correct.  They bring in outside experts from time to time to enhance our experience and ability.  Joining This is Crossfit has become a lifestyle change for me and has created a community that i consider my 2nd family.  Everyone there is very supportive and pushes each other to the fullest.  One of the most inspiring things This is Crossfit provides is their kids program.  I have been lucky enough to watch this program grow and to see how the kids have excelled and the confidence they have inherited from their coaches and through this box.  The patience and knowledge the coaches have here at This is Crossfit to have such a successful kids program and adult program is proof enough why you should stop by and try out some classes.  It's a place for your whole family.  It is a community, it is a lifestyle and for me...it is my happy place.  Best box in town hands down!
5	This is an amazing gym. Why you ask? #1 The owners go at your pace. Whether fit or a beginner, they work with you. No expectations until you're ready to lift with the big beasts!! The gym is well rounded, yoga, nutrition, and kids crossfit. There's also an Olympic lifter who works with technique. Not only is it fun but family oriented too. The owners are down to earth, couldn't ask for any one better. And the other coaches are just as amazing. They all keep you motivated through positivity.
4	I was introduced to this gym by an amazing friend at work! She is absolutely nice and in-shape so as a fitness obsessed individual that I am, I had to try their free "Share the Pain" week! It was a week of WOD and on-ramp classes of form, technique and basic workout movements. I loved it and would recommend it to anyone who is interested in Crossfit. There staff is so nice and not all snobby like some Crossfit gyms. :)
5	I tried out this gym when they were offering a week free. This would be my second time trying out a Crossfit gym. There was a 180 degree difference from my first and worst experience with Crossfit. I ended up hurting my back at the 1st place. (I'm going to remain polite and not mention the name of that gym). If your fears are that you are coming to a place similar to a very intimidating Golds Gym-- you would only be a fraction right.Yes--there are hard bodies (Shout out to my friend Jackie!)Yes--there's some exercises you may not have tried beforeYes--there are gym patrons that are on their way to having hard bodies I wasn't the only one! There were multiple body shapes and fitness levels. Personally, I like to see that. It speaks volumes about the trust others have about joining a gym they can really dedicate good effort toward. :) Yes--they offer Crossfit kids classes!No--there are not weird "sizing you up" looks from other gym patronsNo--you are not forced to do heavy weight that you can't handle.Bottom line, it is a warm welcoming place that is encouraging and friendly but they will have faith in you to overcome you initial challenges--so give it your best shot and the results will surely follow! Happy Crossfitting! :D
4	I had a really fun time at my first ever crossfit class. Jackie did such a great job making sure I was pushing myself but within my limits, especially since this was my first time to crossfit, not just to their facilities. I really enjoyed the other members cheering you on and showing support. I felt very comfortable and super motivated. It was a great experience and I can't wait to do it all over again!!!
5	This is CrossFit is an awesome gym, I am currently enrolled in the on ramp course here and I am learning a lot about proper form and technique. There are numerous coaches here who take time out to personally show you how to do things the right way! This gym is great for anyone who is interested in doing crossfit. All the instructors genuinely care about your progression.  I recommend trying this place out if you want challenge yourself and take your workouts to the next level.
5	I've been a member for almost 2 years.  Great facility and coaches.  The other members are what really makes this gym great - there's a strong community and it's a friendly environment.  I encourage anyone shopping for gyms to schedule a free trial workout and see for yourself.
