4	Birthed from what was originally Mulligans, Social House is a pub atmosphere that Scottsdale has been needing for a long time.  The ceilings have been raised, and there is a big center bar that wraps around the entire place.  Dark wood is a theme giving the place an Irish pub feel but with enough style to fit into the Scottsdale scene.  A group of us were here for opening on St. Patty's day and had a great time.  The staff was friendly, the place was roomy, and the music was overbearingly loud.  The drinks were nicely priced which were surprising, since it's next door to Revolver.If you're looking for a place that has the look of Marley's but with a pub feel, Social House will be a great place to go to.
3	My gang usually stumble in her at some point during our nights out and about in Old Town.  They have a decent selection of beers on tap and there are usually a couple tables open if you want to sit down. It's a bar, not a club, so don't expect much.  They have servers that are polite and prompt and the wait at the bar isn't usually very long.  Worth a stop to support a local biz.
4	MUCH better than Mulligans was! Good job turning this place around guys - the location is spectacular and the vibe is casual and comfortable. Two nice outdoor patios cater to smokers and people watchers.
2	If you're looking to meet people this is not your spot. I came in and there were only 4 people while the bar next door was packed. The place looks like it has potential for a nice chill spot but would seem a poor choice if sports or food are on your mind.
3	The Social Tap seems like a fun bar. I stopped in last week with some coworkers for happy hour. It was not exactly hopping at 4pm on a weekday but the bartender was very friendly. They had several beers I had never tried before and he was nice enough to let me try a few before I found one I liked. Their specialized in bombers, and have a different shot you can pair with each of their beers. The hit of the night was whipped vodka shot in a glass of pumpkin beer. It was like drinking a chilled pumpkin pie.  Other highlights were Guinness and Bass on tap (so they can make a proper black and tan), Old Orchard cider (my new favorite cider), as well as Phoenix Brewery's watermelon ale (yum!).The environment was nothing that really stands out from other bars nearby but the service was great.  We were told they plan to debut a new food menu next week so I am looking forward to that.
3	I just kind of glanced at the other reviews for this place to see if I was "missing" something, and it doesn't seem like it. I've been here twice, and both times I was admittedly already drunk and may or may not have had the best recollection of things. I can't remember anything that really stands out about this place, but nothing is horrible.At the end of the day it's a pretty clean, spacious establishment that serves alcohol, so you really can't go wrong (if I recall, the place that used to be here was kind of a dive). It's probably not "the" place to go to on a night of hitting up Old Town, but it's definitely not a bad place to pop into for a drink or two.
2	This place calls themselves the social tap, right?   Meaning they are known for having alot of draft beers.  I came in and asked how many beers they had on draft, the bartender said about 30.  I asked if I could see a beer list, they didn't have one.  If you don't have a beer list, then I expect anyone who works there to be able to tell me each and every beer they serve.  She could only list about 7 beers that they had.  How hard would it be to make a beer list and print it off if you are an owner.  Fail!  Oh yeah, and they gave us paper plates for our wings.  Keep it classy social tap.
3	There are few choices for late night eats in Old Tow Scottsdale, and when you have done your carousing and galavanting for the night, and you have an insatiable craving for hot wings and burgers, Social Tap is your destination.You can come here at 1:30 AM and order a dozen savory hot wings with bleu cheese, or roasted red pepper and garlic hummus.    The 10oz ground chuck burger is great for a pub burger.  The Turkey Melt with Havarti on Texas Toast, spread with a garlic aoli came highly recommend by the bartender and did not disappoint.You can enjoy a light bite with a pretzel, or a healthier option with a salad, or kick back with your favorite comfort food such as the loaded grilled cheese for  $7.Almost two dozen beers on tap, rock and classic rock playing on the sound system, so the vibe is laid back and feels like a great neighborhood bar.  Staff was attentive and knowledgable, and I would definitely return here for my next sojourn of late night eats.
1	Seriously?They have a website.Their website does not have their phone number.Their website does not have their address.Their website does not have a map.I'd be tempted to wonder why, but I suppose if that's an indication of their attention to detail I should just take the hint.
1	I did not eat or drink here but was planning to.  I got a Groupon and was heading over Friday about 6pm for food and drinks.  No hostess or anyone to seat you when you walk in.  I asked and found out there was only one bar tender serving all the food and drinks for the entire bar on a Friday during happy hour.  That is crazy.  Menu didn't look great either.  I didn't want to wait an hour to put in a food order or get a drink so I left and went to dos gringos.How can you have a large bar with only a single person working???
3	Thanks to Groupon, we've eaten here a few times.  The menu is limited, so after a few visits we pretty much tried everything we wanted to sample.  Here's what we've had:Racer 5 IPA, $6http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/social-tap-scottsdale?select=PBgeQRzhpuD-07GzUumpJA#PBgeQRzhpuD-07GzUumpJACabernet, $6http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/social-tap-scottsdale?select=r4uk5ZnUquSKrujCYFmvZw#r4uk5ZnUquSKrujCYFmvZwStella, $6Wings, $9.75http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/social-tap-scottsdale?select=nO7P0Xcodnd3NU4qK5VB5A#nO7P0Xcodnd3NU4qK5VB5Ahttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/social-tap-scottsdale?select=vmZfV2k6aydkR3-KC8PRtA#vmZfV2k6aydkR3-KC8PRtABurger, $10.50http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/social-tap-scottsdale?select=5F8Rj5qlsFa9lKStFX19aQ#5F8Rj5qlsFa9lKStFX19aQhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/social-tap-scottsdale?select=WiimpheFtu1ZdGbXis4unQ#WiimpheFtu1ZdGbXis4unQNachos, $8.50http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/social-tap-scottsdale?select=MdVpb7msG8AHMNAAkeZ7EQ#MdVpb7msG8AHMNAAkeZ7EQhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/social-tap-scottsdale?select=TxRg1jtEwBK5Y0C-SqhmEw#TxRg1jtEwBK5Y0C-SqhmEwBBQ Pork Sandwich, $9.50http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/social-tap-scottsdale?select=oR5xQkrpk8vUSPamSNQotA#oR5xQkrpk8vUSPamSNQotAPrime Rib Sandwich, $10.50http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/social-tap-scottsdale?select=s3h3A-PBM7WtlznywbGLeA#s3h3A-PBM7WtlznywbGLeAThe Wings were average.  They don't cook them crispy here, the skin is a little 'rubbery'....flavor is good though.  I think if they cooked them longer it would be better...just my opinion though.Their best items are the Sandwiches....Burger, BBQ Pork, and Prime Rib are all very good.  The BBQ Pork is topped with Cole Slaw and is full of flavor....that was my favorite out of the 3.The Nachos were "meh"....tasted like Nachos from a Stadium.....not much there, very plain and below average.The service here is below average.  Every visit, we came around 6-7 pm when it was slow and the bartender was serving us.  She took our order, etc and that was fine....but I had to walk up to the bar to ask for re-fills on our Water, Wine, and Beer....no bueno.  I get it, this is a dive-bar type place and all they cater to that younger, partier who doesn't care about regular restaurant service.  That's why I decided to give it 3 Stars....I have to remember where I'm at and manage expectations walking in.Return Factor - 60%
5	I have come here quite a bit and I have to say its probably one of the best places to get lunch and food in old towne. They have this great lunch special that is a $3 burger with side. Also their regular food menu has a lot of great choices. Yes it is a pub/sports bar but the quality of the food is not like you would think a pub would be. Its high quality food. The bartenders and serving staff was also great. They are very professional but also helpful and if I had a question or didnt like something they were always eager and willing to help. I would highly suggest to any to come to this restaurant.
5	For my girls' birthday bunch of us wanted to hit up some bars we don't normally go to. Came across Social Tap and was instantly hooked up with EXTREMELY YUMMY shots with our drinks!! What I especially loved though, was dancing to all the old jams you DON'T hear anymore, unless of course you have good taste in music! ;) Any who,  the bartenders are a really fun solid group, && quite the comedians!! Had to come work with these guys, so come check us out 'cause guaranteed we'll make your night one to remember!! Officially My GO TO BAR ANY && EVERY NIGHT I'm Out Prowlin' Old Town! ;) ;)
5	With over 20 different Popular Drafts on TAP the Beer selection is great! The food was Amazing and the idea that "its just bar food" wasnt the case. It past my expectations and made me want to try more of the food off the menu! Fun games to play like Foose-Ball, Darts, Golden Tee and lifesize JYNGA!! Its a great laid back place and atmosphere to hang out at!
5	I love the food at social tap came out fast and the food was great sat at the bar got to watch a few different things on like 5 different tv that were right I. Front of me and the bartender was good company kept me laughing the whole time it's a must stop by if you near the Scottsdale area !!! :)
3	Cool peeps. I didn't like the food maybe I wasn't drunk enough but the bartenders were awesome.
5	Fun!
3	the stars are for the service. but then again, we were the only table there from 6pm-10pm...with a random patron here and there, on a friday evening. our server was extremely friendly and efficient....and since we were essentially her only table, she hung out and talked with us a bit. their beer selection is good, with a dollar off pints for happy hour. if you like burgers, their 5 dollar burger and fries looked like a good deal. but basically, it's a small bar food menu. i got an order of fries to munch on while drinking beers....most of the fries were soggy. i liked it because i was there with some cool folks, and it seems cool for a drinking spot.
4	As I have never been to Social Tap before, I probably would never have walked in here with their cheesy sign next door to Red Revolver, but I was hungry and thought I'd drink some before going next door and I am happy I did. I really liked this place. I mean, sure I was in a good mood with good people, but this place added to it. The Service was personable and they mix up a newly invented drink if you want them to. They also have some cheap-o beers for the one not being so daring. They have some bar grub that was tasty and to satisfaction. Its not that big really, which I kinda like. The bar is in the center and you can walk around it, but I can imagine that becomes impossible when they are at capacity and there will be very little movement in any direction. The interior matches the outside sign in cheesiness, but once inside you kinda get it. The negative was that they mixed up the tabs fairly hard. I know I paid for me, and for those around me but I was cool with it since I know them. Still I dislike this kind of stuff, because I hate to have to deal with stuff like this.. Overall, a place I definitely will come back to.
2	Go here if you want cheap drinks. Other then that I'd avoid it. Food is lousy and service is the same. What really annoyed me though was the fact they water down there srirachi sauce with ketchup! Disgusting. Wish I would have known that before I put it all over my hummus platter.
4	Social Tap has decent drinks, easy going bartenders with a nice mix of music. Plus I hear now it has a soul food hour from 11pm -3am where chicken and waffles will be served after the club lets out...YESSIR? 4 STARS
3	Good food, good service, kinda quiet for a Friday night.
1	This bar use to be Mulligan's and was a blast 7 days a week. After a name change, some renovations, and a hand full of owners and mangers. This place is complete crap. On two occasions I've gone and waited for a server and either I had to ask the bartender or security to track a server down after 5-10min of waiting. On a busy night I would understand, however when my group in one if maybe 3 tables there's no excuse. Food is inconsistent, and disappointing compared to its competitors. And the fact that I've gotten sick from eating there twice is another reminder on why I refuse to return to this bar.
