5	Our realtor recommended Isaac from IC Home Inspections for our recent home inspection. We were especially interested in the home inspection process and report because we were purchasing an as-is short sale and the seller would not be fixing any issues prior to closing. Since we watch a lot of HGTV and have had the fear of home inspections put in us from Mike Holmes, we decided to give Isaac a call a couple days before the inspection. We wanted to ask Isaac some questions about the inspection process and to make sure it would be okay if we tagged along during the inspection rather than just showing up at the end to go over the report. Much to our relief, Isaac was happy to take the time over the phone to discuss the process with us and to answer all of our questions about his experience and qualifications. He also assured us that we would be welcome to attend the inspection and he would even stay late if our questions slowed the inspection down. On the day of the inspection, Isaac was friendly, thorough, and obviously knew what he was doing. He took the time to show us and explain all of the issues he found as he found them. At the end of the inspection, he sat down with us and our realtor to go over all the pictures he took during the inspection process. Later that night, we received Isaac's report, which included the same issues he had already gone over with us in a clear and concise manner, with pictures illustrating all of his written observations. His report also included recommendations and required fixes to bring the house up to code. All in all, our experience was very positive and we would highly recommend Isaac to any potential home-buyers!
5	Isaac is my go-to inspector now! I am an agent in the East Valley and saw his recommendation on the U.S. Preferred internal website. I gave him a call and met him out to a property in Scottsdale. He did a great job with the Home Inspection and I highly recommend him to anyone looking for a professional inspector. The reports were well written, pictures were great and the BINSR was easy with his summary report. I have used Issac for 2-properties and will continue to do so.
1	Do not trust your future home with this company. After an over sight of black mold in my secondary bath all along the bath I should have known from there that there would be more....AND there was. I paid extra for them to inspect my pool and in the end they did a lousy job. The noted the and pictured the cartridge filter was leaking but failed to even look at the motor that was inundated with calcium deposit coming out of it from plain sight. After having 2 pool companies look at it they stated this was such A HUGE over sight on their part. Once I contacted them and tried to handled in a professional manner the only person that could respond was their inside person. After talking to their inside person and emailing her pictures of the motor she noted that there was a LOT of calcium. Not only is this an huge issue but the motor is an old motor you cant replace because they no longer sell the single speed to be installed. It took the Isaac the 3 days to respond after I emailed 2 to follow up. VERY poor business tack. In their contract it states; Client further agrees that they company's liability for errors, omissions, and consequential damages is limited to the refund of all the fees paid and agrees to immediately accept a refund of the fees as full settlement." The refund of this inspection will not even cover a new motor like I need. Bottom line this company not only could't even admit fault or error they pointed fingers at the warranty company along with standing by well it was working while I was there. You pay an inspector to have your best interest and this company DOESN"T. STAY AWAY!!!!
5	I was very impressed with the attention to detail provided by Isaac.   He was very helpful also in giving tips to conserve energy in our home.   He was very reasonable and his report with the pictures was great.   I would definitely use him again and refer to anyone who needs an inspection done.
