5	Our son began at SpringStone Lakes Montessori School at 18 months of age.  At the time I worried he was too young to be there but I was quickly proven wrong as he developed at lightening speed!  His communication skills improved remarkably fast and the staff taught me that he was capable of much more than I realized.  He is now almost two and can recite his ABCs, count to 20, uses sign language, carries his own food tray, drinks freely from regular cups & even cleans up after himself.  It is 100% due to the expertise and Montessori trained staff at SpringStone.  Their program exposes children to many stimulating activities and subjects from math and science to music, dance and art!  He loves going to school and is in great hands with the caring teachers and staff at SpringStone.  Our kiddo has thrived and we couldn't be happier with his well rounded and continuous development.
5	Our son started at this location in March 2014.  He has been in daycare since he was almost a year, so he was familiar with what was expected in a school environment to a point.  However, the daycares he had previously attended were home daycares and were not so structured.  In looking for a school to send him to in Las Vegas, we quickly ruled out home daycares.  Many of them seemed to be child storage with no real effort towards learning.  We also ruled out the larger daycares which seemed to have too many children and too few teachers.  This school really seemed to strike the perfect teacher/student balance.Previous to signing up here, our family had just moved from California.  Our son's whole world had just been turned upside down.  We left everything he had been familiar with and he was not taking it well.  When we first moved, he stayed home with me for the first three weeks - and he was miserable!  He was having massive tantrums that lasted an hour at least every day if not more often.  We were genuinely beginning to worry that he might have a behavioral disorder.  I felt utterly helpless and frightened.  My husband, having started a new job, could not help much.  It became clear that he could not stay home with me and we needed to find the right environment for him.  Our son is a big boy.  Tall and strong...and stubborn...really really stubborn.  Really.  Stubborn.  it was obvious that we needed to focus all of his boundless energy in a positive direction.  After looking into the Montessori method, on paper, it seemed perfect.  The focus was on teaching each child in the way that best suits the child.  I loved the concept and after touring the campus and meeting Miss Jenilee, I felt confident that the school was the right one for our family.  It was honestly the best decision I have ever made.  Our son started in the Pond Room with Miss Rosemary and Miss Adrianna.  I cannot say enough good things about these two.  They are lovely human beings who take obvious joy and care about what they do.  Apart from their awesome demeanor, they were able to focus my son and allow him to find joy in his work.  After two weeks, he was unrecognizable. Drop-offs were painless and pick-ups delightful.  Thanks to his teacher's open communication with me and my husband and our commitment to consistency at home, our son's tantrums all but disappeared after the first month and when he did have them, we were able to keep them to a much shorter duration.  Just before his 3rd birthday we started potty training.  Again, with the help of his teachers, we were able to get Oliver fully potty trained within a few weeks. Shortly after his 3rd birthday, because he was potty trained, it was time to move into a pre-school classroom.  I will not deny that this made me very nervous.  However, my concerns were quickly put to rest.Our son moved into the River room with Miss Norma and Miss Stacey.  I was nervous at first because Miss Norma definitely demands more structure.  Initially, I confused that structure with severity.  That is not the case.  After the first week, it became clear that Miss Norma is incomparably good at what she does.  Where Oliver's attitude and energy had improved in his previous classroom, in this new classroom, his language and understanding really blossomed.  Suddenly he is reciting the alphabet and recognizing numbers and colors.  The excitement he expressed in the car when we passed a GREEN CAR! or a the LETTER 'C' in CVS was contagious.  We could not help getting excited with him as he began identifying things in the world with things he learned in the classroom.  Both Miss Norma and Miss Stacey have given Oliver a true gift in giving him the joy of learning.  Lastly, I do not want to leave out the front desk and office staff.  Miss Jennilee and Miss Lori are excellent at what they do.  They are tactful, thoughtful, attentive and kind.  On the very few occasions when I had to deal with them about concerns I had, they always made me feel that my concern was legitimate and would be taken seriously.  i would recommend this school to anyone.  Whether your child is outgoing or shy, the teachers and staff here will find the best way to bring out the best in your child.
5	My son is in the 3 year old room with Ms. Norma. My son has been learning so much information and is growing right before. My eyes. This is a wonderful school and the staff is amazing!!!
