4	Service is wonderful and the food is even better.  In a small city like Casa Grande this is a 'must stop' for casual lunches and dinners.  Everything is flavorful, slowly prepaired, but well worth the wait.  Try a Meaty Callazzo its AMAZING.
3	Because I'm gluten intolerant, I give Picazzo's 5 stars for their extensive gluten-free menu.  I can go there and eat normally without feeling left out!  I've also had very good service when I've eaten there.My one problem with them, and this is a big one, is that I've gone there 3 times in the past 8 months and they've been closed during regular business hours.  Two of those times were to get GF dough to go.  The other time was after the movies when my hubby and I were having date night.  We don't go out often in this economy, so we were both dressed up and ready to have a nice meal.  But we couldn't because they were closed.  I e-mailed the manager of Picazzo's to tell him about this, and to ask if they'd still honor the coupon that was only good for that weekend that we wanted to use, but he never got back to me.  Since then, I've been mail ordering different GF pizza crust from a company in Scottsdale.  When I plan on eating out, it's a big deal because I can't just go drive through Mickey D's or someplace else because I have to eat GF.  Eating out can really be a chore when you have to eat GF.  I was initially thrilled with Picazzo's for the fact that they had a GF menu alone, but if they aren't going to be reliable or respond to my complaint, then I'll take my business elsewhere or just eat at home.
5	Wow! Wow! Wow!We discovered Picazzo's this afternoon. Holy moly, this is my new favorite place to eat. The menu is huge and fun, the service was terrific, the food was delicious. I am a happy girl!Try the oven baked wings. Yumm-o!The garlic pizza crust was perfection and the chopped Italian salad was great! This place is a must, especially in a town where the word "gourmet" is unknown. I'll be back very, very soon!
5	This place is amazing. Love the food - pizza, wings, salads are terrific. It's quiet and the service is excellent. Food quality is consistent. Place is spotless. Very upscale in this little town. We take all of our out-of-town guests here. It doesn't get any better than this. They just opened another restaurant in Tucson off Oracle.
5	I always have a great experience here, the setting is cozy and romantic because of the size of the place (small) not bad though. The food comes out fresh and flavorful with lunch specials being inexpensive. A great place for lunch in my opinion.
5	Great service and great food. Its not very heavy and the portions are just right...
5	In need of a location between Tucson and Phoenix for a birthday dinner I turned to Yelp. Would I find something fun and tasty in Casa Grande? Yes, yes I would. Picazzo's ambiance would stand up in any major city. It's clean, the art is funky and fun, and the lighting is perfect. All of this pales in comparison to the food and service. This is an upscale pizza place with a large gluten-free menu. They have pasta, salads to go with the pies. Local, organic and sustainable ingredients are used. My guest and I split a Greek salad and a pesto artichoke pizza. They have their salads in three sizes, which I think is a nice touch. Being hungry we ordered the medium to split. for two people this is far too much food. Stick with the small. The salad was delicious! Olives peeked out everywhere, pepperoncini slices were included along with some incredible feta. I could have made a meal out of the salad alone. Then the pizza arrived. Damn! What a tasty pie! the toppings were such that it almost needed to be eaten with a knife and fork. The pesto was delicious, and there were tons of pine nuts as well. We got a side of marinara sauce just to try it and it was heavenly. Dessert consisted of a giant, oven baked cookie topped with ice cream. Did I need it? Nope. Did I want it? Of course! Our server was perfect, plain and simple. He did everything right. I now have a go-to spot in Casa Grande.
2	After reading the fabulous reviews we had high expectations.  I had the lunch special with a slice, salad and drink.  My pizza had been sitting around for a while the crust was over done on the bottom. soggy and doughy on the edges.  Two other members of our party had the same thing and the same complaint about the pizza.  The salads and soup were good but not great.  My husband ordered just a pizza with pepperoni, sausage and mushroom but thought it was just average.The restaurant was clean, the service was excellent but we felt the food was over priced for just so so quality.  If we lived here I might give them a second chance and order something else.The dessert looked great but we weren't offered any )o: and when the bill came figured it was high enough.
3	Went with friends for lunch.Pizza crust was undercooked but burnt on the bottom where it was reheated...Loved the Asian salad.Will try again for the Gluten free menu.
1	We just noticed that Picazzo's had opened in our area and were excited about trying it. We dined there two nights ago with another couple and were so disappointed. I hate to complain, but the first thing I noticed was that the water and wine glasses were so spotted that they looked dirty. My husband ordered a very, very dry vodka martini and could not drink it because it had so much vermouth in it. He ordered a small pizza and was charged for a medium one because the waitress typed in the wrong entry. I ordered the Penne with wild mushrooms, peas and broccoli and was served the Penne with some sort of meat in it. By that time, i was so discouraged I didn't' complain but just didn't eat my meal. I don't know whether the waitress couldn't hear or just wasn't paying attention, but the whole experience has us convinced that we will never return here again. So so sorry.
3	I love to eat here, however it is hit or miss. Sometimes we get good service and other times we don't. Sometimes the food is really good, but other times it's off. Our order is usually messed up, but they are good about fixing it. One thing I have a problem with is using coupons here, I had a coupon for a pizza and also ordered an appetizer at happy hour half off. They did not want to combine the two offers but the coupon didn't say say anything about that. When the food is good though it's really good, which is why we return.
5	Definitely the best pizza place in town,nice and very clean environment,good service.Love  the Blt sandwich and the fresh and delicious strawberry salad
3	This is not my first time eating at a Picazzo's, but the first time I've been to the one in Casa Grande. Previously, I had been to one in Sedona that had a large, modern feel to it--kinda medium upscale. I was expecting that again, but didn't quite get it.This location is TINY. My entire family was meeting here as a halfway between Tucson and Phoenix, and our party of 12 pretty much took up the whole restaurant. Luckily, we were the only ones there, as we had a few small children in our group who were very interested in exploring and walking around to everyone at the table.The ambiance is more of a classic italian restaurant in this location, and definitely not upscale. Its not tablecloths, its paper that the kids could draw on with crayons. I'm not poo pooing on that, as it worked out well for our group, but its just not what I was expecting.The service was pretty good, maybe a little on the slow side, but not overly so. The pizzas are delicious, and the menu is pretty extensive. I had a pesto and goat cheese pizza, and also tried the bbq chicken. I think between the two, I liked the bbq chicken better, but they were both seriously good. The prices are a little steep, but manageable. For dessert, some people tried the pizza cookie with ice cream, and someone else tried a brownie with ice cream. There was very little ice cream on either one and it was mostly melted by the time it came to the table. The cookie was overdone and the brownie was dry and not particularly delicious. Wont be ordering either again should I return.
5	I always go to Picazzo's for lunch when I am in Casa Grande for business. Why? The service is always terrific and they have delicious lunch specials. My go-to lunch is the slice of cheese pizza with the Ceasar salad. Everything is always fresh and delicious. The nice thing about the specials is that they come with iced tea. The prices for the lunch specials range from $7 - $11, depending on what you order. It's high quality food for the price. There aren't a lot of good restaurant choices in Casa Grande, so I am thrilled that Picazzo's has a location there. Definitely sign up for their "Power Card" while you're there. It's good at many different restaurants in the Phoenix area and on certain days of the week, this Picazzo's location offers double points.
5	One of my top 5 restaurants anywhere (not just Casa Grande) Really loved the organic salads and pizzas. Top notch food, and the cookie/brownie ice cream desert thing is really good too.
4	The food was good, the service was fine. Not exactly the place  to take a baby because they don't have high chairs. However, we managed just fine and we will go back again....with the portable baby dining chair.
2	We have eaten at the Picazzo's in Tempe/Chandler (Warner and Kyrene) several times and enjoy their organic menu which is always delicious.  That's what we THOUGHT we were going to get with this place.  In fact, we chose it because someone in our party was on an organic vegan diet.  No such luck.  As soon as we sat down, the server said, "You know we're not organic, right?  We're different than the Picazzo's in Phoenix."  Uh, no.  But we were there, so we tried to make the best of it.  The food was disappointing and unremarkable.  The service was attentive, but uninspired -- no real energy.  There were a few tables with people outside on the patio, but we were the only party inside.  When they seated us in an empty restaurant with plenty of choices, the put us right next to the swinging door of the kitchen because it was a round top that easily sat five.  They could have pulled another two-top up to a four top in the corner and the seating would have been much more pleasurable for us.  We were embarrassed as we had raved about the place to our family whom we were visiting in Casa Grande, and made a point to go there for the organic food.  We will definitely NOT be back (nor will they) and have told several people about this, as well.
5	So good! A salad and a slice.  Delicious.  Great service, too!
4	I love Picazzo's.  It is sophisticated dining in Casa Grande.  The pizzas and salads never disappoint.  I had the portabello mushroom sandwich today.  Delicious.  It is like eating at a little bistro in Europe.  The service is ideal.  Thank you.
5	Met here with family as a halfway point between Tucson and Phoenix. Loved it. Everything from the drinks to the appetizers to the pizzas were delicious. Loved every bit of our experience. Definitely recommended.
