5	love me some costco! it is probably my favorite store in phoenix ... mainly because you never know what super fantastic special purchase you might find. this new one has a great stock of merchandise. one must be cognizant of prices however. i have found that some items, like soda and beer, are actually cheaper at the regular grocery if you catch the right sale. over the counter medications can be the same way. it is important to be aware, that's all. don't assume that just because it is costco it is cheaper. clothes were impressively high-end at this store (7 for all mankind jeans, under armour, etc.) and i'm stoked about that because most of my dear husband's work pants and polos come from costco. and i was especially thrilled to find my favorite (and expensive) Bliss bath products in an extra-large super value pack in the health/beauty section - at only $17.99. yay costco! yay low prices! yay friendly workers! 5 stars all the way.
5	Like children, every Costco is amazing in its own way. This is the first store I have found that serve Kirkland Signature Hot Dogs in Arizona. To the uninitiated, these hot dogs are twelve inches of perfection made with high quality USDA Choice Beef and natural seasonings and without corn syrup or nitrates. My girlfriend was in town and we drove all the way over from Glendale just to savor the goodness. At $1.50 they are an amazing value, too. Also, this store has the best selection of wine, beer and cheese I have seen at a Costco in Arizona.
5	The Christmas stuff is up and the Halloween candy is out!  Welcome to Costco! The new Costco at PV Mall is super nice!  It just opened and it's so clean and new and everyone is so nice.  The parking lot is a bit funky, the way it is positioned on the lot, you park on the sides of it.  I walked up to get my brand new clean and unbroken cart, that feeling right there is enough to make me squeal with excitement, I hate grocery carts. It's laid out like every other single Costco, so nothing new in that department.  The staff is really nice and helpful.  The best part is that the location on Beardsley will probably half the traffic since this one went up on Cactus.
5	WOW! no full parking lot, lots of spaces available (like, since when?!), no line up going in, and guess what (no way!) only 1 cart in front of us at check-out!  (bonus).  All the shelves fully & neatly stocked.  Gas was about 20 cents less than all other contenders. So glad the mayhem at other costco @ Raintree is a thing of the past - ugh!  This visit was actually pleasant.  (footnote: where the heck was the samples??)
4	This will be a boon to the PV Mall area, indefinitely. I'm just hoping a Sam's Club doesn't open up somewhere in the vicinity and the mall shatter beneath corporate giants, we don't need another Christown.
5	New costco is so nice and clean. They have free samples everyday and I love them for that. Much nicer than the ones on oak and bethany home. The best part is that I don't feel like I'm going to get shot when shopping here .
5	I am a Costco fan...for many reasons:The Meat - couldn't be better, and what a great priceThe Cakes - Haven't had a better 'office cake' The online resources - believe it or not, I received the best insurance rates from costco (car and home), I got a great deal on a rental car, I have a fabulous closet and well The gas and the tires! - need I say more?Mattresses are top of the line - Televisions - I love my Visio Then there is the returns policy, the exec membership with special benefits, the zip lock bags, the samples, the discounted booze, the horrible crowds, the neat holiday gifts, furniture, meds, vitamins, and the parking nightmare.Where did the salt and pepper cashews go?HELP ME ON THIS ONE!!
5	This is one of the best costco's in town. they have all of the usual favorites plus some special items.High end liqor and wine, some $500+ bottles  Thirsty?Kosher section with cheese, deli meat and some heat and eat items.Larger Gift card section.And some times a hidden gem in the tool aisleMy one gripe about this location is the food court, they opted to use Kirkland hot dogs over Hebrew national.This costco is part of the PV mall but you can not enter from inside the mall.
5	Maja, costco's never taken visa. It's a sales tactic. haha. They under price everywhere else and get enough volume where if you don't want to shop there, you don't have to. Personal I love Costco. I used to work at this one awhile back in the food court and I can honestly say that Costco isn't the kind of business to cut corners. They don't want to screw you over. We would do anything in our power to avoid making a customer angry. They accept american express and debit. They have the best prices on tires (paid 500 for mine there. Top quality tires as well.), clothes, food... yeah. most everything. Shop at Costco!
5	Costco gets 5 stars in book.....and really it goes without saying why....but here goes. Great Deals....clean aisles.....Great Service....reliable products....Great customer Service....and most importantly they honor all the policies that they promise you especially when you buy big ticket items. Now with all that being said here is where Costco really excels....currently the gas prices here in Arizona are staggering....if you don't have a Costco membership people....you need to RUN....not WALK to a warehouse right now and get some membership. Gas prices at costco are running a full 12-15 cent cheaper then most other gas stations anywhere in the valley with the exception of maybe mesa and chandler. I know everyone needs to save money right now....so if you truly do then become a Costco member ASAP....you won't regret it trust me. Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!!
5	I have been a Costco member since 1987 so I am biased but they can't be beat for value, quality and experience.  When I travel I will often visit other Costco's just to see what they do different than mine back home. This location is my home store I like the layout  and this is the only place I buy my gas. If you don't like lines go during the week Mon-Wed during the day. Doesn't matter what you buy here is there is a problem with it you can exchange or return it, so you can buy without fear of wasting your money. You can't go wrong with Costco whether it's for a gift, groceries, prescriptions, clothes or fuel make this your go to spot.
3	Costco is amazing. I must look a little strange to other people when I come to Costco because 80% of the time I walk out with 2, maybe 3 items. I don't necessarily need to make the trip sometimes, but I'm pretty much just looking for a reason to go.One problem I have with Costco is more of a personal problem than a problem with Costco. I love their pizza and frozen yogurt too much. It's too good and every time I walk into Costco I am always battling myself about whether or not I should walk out with a goodie. This point was not factored into my rating of Costco.Alright, so the first REAL problem I have with Costco is that buying fruit from them is always risky. There is absolutely no consistency with the quality of products they get in and you have to be really diligent about checking what you're grabbing. I must look like a loon when I spin my grapes around so that I can check and make sure there is absolutely no mold. I have a process down that reduces the risk, but I have had their fruit turn on  me a day after I bought it. Actually, I've seen them stock fruit that's already expired or that already have mold on it. Bad form Costco, bad form.Another problem I have is the parking lot at this particular location. I always tell someone that I'm going to Costco and that if they don't hear from me within 3 hours then they should start calling the hospitals. This parking lot is a death trap. There are many blind curves that people come whipping around and there are practically no speed bumps so people are driving closer to 25-30 mph rather than 10-15mph. I've actually had to jump out of the way of a speeding car before. Thank god I was carrying my customary 2 items and didn't have a cart.
3	I love Costco but the cart return here blows! Yes I am one of those people who always puts my cart back.
3	For some reason, I try to avoid this Costco at all cost.  For me, it doesn't have the same vibe.  I feel people at this store are not as nice.  I was parked with the twins in the car while my hubby went in to check if they had a book we had bought at the other Costco.   Suddenly this guy and his wife who were parked next to me came back with their loot.  Once he unloaded his stuff, he decided that the best place to leave his empty car was against my door.  I couldn't lower the window since I had turned the car off, so I barely opened the door and said "WTF", I never expected to hear what came next.  My twins need speech therapy because they don't speak clearly, but yesterday well, my little girl said it very clearly... WTF perfect!  At least the guy took his cart an put it at a different spot.   Darn doesn't seem to have the same effect.   I guess I'll need to learn to love "Darn", darn.
4	Why, yes, I would love to try a sample!So despite taking out a quarter of Paradise Valley Mall, I still love Costco. I always find more than I need, but I'm set for like six months when I come out of this store. My only grudge is the parking. It can get a little crazy with people wanting the closest spot to the door and nearly run someone over to beat another car that eyed the same spot or they stalk you while you walk to your car. Anyhoo, food is yummy, always plenty of samples to try, and I've always encountered friendly employees.
4	Costco!  I can get discounted gas, a rotisserie chicken, huge bricks of cheese and mountains of paper towels all in one place.  Not to mention meat, and dog treats, and, and, and...I recently visited this location after work, and was not entirely paying attention to what I was doing.  As I got up to the checkout line, I realized that I had put unsalted butter into my cart rather than the regular variety.  I was ready to head back to the far end of the store to return it (I think it is rude to leave things you don't want at the check stand and make it somebody else's problem) when the nice girl who was assisting the cashier offered to take it back to the refrigerator section for me.  Cool, thanks!  What was even better?  When she ran back up to the check stand with two kinds of salted butter (regular and organic) just in case I still wanted to make that purchase.  She turned my mistake into a perfect example of good customer service.  :)
5	Food Court=great food and it's cheap. People are happy to work there and it shows! Their prices are always fair. Never are they trying to kill you wallet or their own. It's truly conscious Capitalism.
5	Awesome customer service! If Costco doesn't have what I need, I guess I don't need it that badly. Love it.
1	Great gas prices.  Convenient location. Parking could be better.  Giving one star because on several occasions I've heard employees talk about negatively about customers.  They seem to congregate by the cash registers and talk smack about people.  My husband also heard one employee make negative remarks regarding the staff at the N. Scottsdale location and complain about how she had to buy a case ofChapstick when she goes there--and starts to make kissing sounds (implying she has to kiss @$$) to management at that location.  My husband called to report what happened especially the racist remarks and they placed him on hold and proceeded to muffle the phone and talk in the background.  They keptHim holding for several minutes then hung up the line.  Sigh...again a bunch of professionals, right?It's too bad a few employees ruin it for the entire Costco.
3	Great atmosphere, food was good, however, the prices were really high for what you got.
4	This is a nice Costco, that doesn't seem to be as busy as the North Hayden location.The Costco model is simple enough to understand.  Whatever they pay, you pay that price, plus 14%.  How's simple is that?  If you choose to be an Executive Member ($110), over the $55 a year Gold Star (individual), you receive another 2% as a rebate at the end of the year.  We have been members of both over the last twenty years, depending if we are going to make a large purchase.  BTW, you can switch to Executive at any time.  Just pay the extra $55.00 at Customer Service.Granted both Costco and Sam's Club (Walmart) are competing for the same customers.  My experience has been that you are usually a fan and dedicate to your Wholesale Club over another.  Though members of BJs back east are the most fanatical.  I have found, that you will also believe to your last breath, as Yelp'er Andre E says, that your Club has: " Great Deals....clean aisles.....Great Service....reliable products....Great customer Service."  It's almost takes on an religious article of faith!All of Costco's Kirkland brand products are execellant.  I have found their Wine section to be unparalleled.   In the past Costco has sued various States to get the lowest price for it's Members. BTW, I try coming only during off hours. This helps to minimize the nonsense that Yelp'er Marisa S wrote about that goes on in the parking lot.  Sadly, civility tends to go out the window when you are looking for a parking space.  Just watch any Seinfield episode. LOLCurrently, Tuesdays @ 10:30 or 11 am seem to be the best time.  I just take an early lunch.Enjoy, and drive carefully!
3	I love Costco but not this one as much. I much prefer the one on Cave Creek and will only go to this one if we are at the mall and it is more convenient. It is smaller, and I don't like the layout as much.
5	5 stars of pure awesomeness.Costco is a great membership warehouse club.* I have a great deal of respect for their business model (I even watched a documentary once)* I absolutely love their return policies.* Their food courts have great quality food for such a low price.* Costco is my preferred gas station, (we get 3% with the Costco Amex card) and now going to any other gas station feels like such a stressful experience : (* They have regular coupon books with manufacturer discounts (and occasionally they also have mail in rebates)* Even more, this local Costco has started carrying some great healthy items at unbeatable prices, such as chia, quinoa, coconut oil, etc.* But above all, the people is so helpful and friendly. I also like the consistency. We have been to warehouses in Nevada, California and Texas and as soon as you step in you know you are in a friendly, familiar place.I gotta confess we went to Cd Juarez, Mexico, once to take care of a family matter, and we had about 3 hours to spare waiting for someone... we were worried and not knowing what to do, until we saw a sign for a Costco Warehouse. We went there (huge roomy parking lot), we got in, sat in a porch swing they had for sale, and we felt like we were back home for the time we had to wait there.  I heart CostcoIf you have not had a membership, take a chance and try them. If you are not satisfied they will refund your membership anytime.Also, if you upgrade to Executive Membership, and your check does not make up for the amount you paid to upgrade, I believe they reimburse you. So you have nothing to lose.
5	This is my favorite Costco location. I'm in here so often I think the employees recognize me as a regular. Lol. I know the layout of the store, the employees here are professional and friendly. They often joke with me as I check out. It's not as crowded as the Hayden location and just FYI, gas here is always cheaper than the Hayden location too- significantly lower. A little secret that I'm sharing with you!
4	Great location, right next to PV Mall.  Easy access from SR-51 & Loop-101.  Go there for food sample all the time, worth of your yearly membership fee.  Still haven't check their garage yet or buy anything from their online store.
5	This Costco is definitely one of the best ones I have been to. Very clean, well stocked, friendly staff... The membership is definitely worth it if you like shopping bulk. We are a small family and mostly go there for non perishable items; but I really really like that Costco is now carrying a variety of organic products. I hope they will expand their selection even more in near future.
5	I'm a huge Costco fan. The workers here are so helpful and they somehow manage to keep the lines moving quickly. I've never had to wait very long. You can't beat their food court either....best chocolate almond dipped ice cream bar ever!!!
4	The only thing that keeps me from shopping at this Costco more often than at other locations is the distance from where I live. But during those times that I find myself in this area, this is a shopping destination I look forward to. As with the other Costco stores of the region, it is huge, with a large inventory of affordable merchandise and always many new items, especially seasonal ones. But this is one of the less crowded Costco stores in the region, both inside and in terms of parking outside, and that makes shopping here even more pleasurable.
5	Ooops, I've been kind of sick and we didn't feel like cooking, we also had to go pick up a prescription at Costco so we stopped by the food court. : )Oh man, we had dinner for 2 for about $7Hubby had the new pulled pork sandwich with coleslaw and I had the Polish. He thought it didn't have enough BBQ sauce, but it was still very good. I tasted the coleslaw and I liked it. So affordable, drinks are only $0.59 We have a great respect for this company and their business model.Way to go Costco!
3	The parking lot is the worst, be careful! Seems like alot of items are no longer carried at this store, also the cashiers can be kinda mean. I think Sprouts is a better option and it's right up the street. Plus you won't almost die in the parking lot.
2	I have spent hundreds of dollars at costco when my mom and I go. She always shows her card and we have never had a problem with the Costco on 44th street and Thomas. I went to pick up a graduation present at the costco near Paradise Valley Mall and was spending another 130.00. At time of purchase we were asked for the membership card which was shown and I went to pay for the item and we were refused tender. I was told that I could not purchase the item my mother had to... OR I could go get cash and hand it to my mom who in turn could hand it to the employee. Really funny because it's the same dang thing. I will no longer be a spending a dime in a store who sells to people on welfare which is covered from my hard work and taken out of my taxes when they refuse refuse service to the person who's entire family are members. Bye bye costco... I may only be one fish in the sea of your members but guaranteed if I experienced this poor service someone else will as well.
5	The best Costco in AZ in terms of selection, highest quality, nicest jewelry / watches, and overall just everything. They have it all and the best of it all.
1	Never shopping here again. We ordered a large combo and two slices of pepperoni. They had the pizzas ready but instead sold our slices to other individuals. We waited 30 mins then just told them were cancelling the order. They were extremely incompetent or racist. I will be canceling my membership here.
5	Without a doubt this location has the largest selection of upscale items from wines, watches, jewelry,  clothes and specialty items. Generally look at this location first and then compare with others. All the employees seem friendly and a little more up-ity which I describe as the opposite of a walmart night worker.Their overall selection is just better than the other store with exclusive brand names such as Tommy Bahama,  Lucky Brand, Cartier,  Tag Heuer etc.Just a cleaner and well kept store and not the busy fight like the store on Hayden Rd.Also this is one of the lowest fuel prices of all costco stores which is a surprise because of the location. This is my favorite store and will continue to come back as my go to location.
4	Pretty nice Costco, the pizza is awesome! The store is clean. If you can get there DURING normal Monday-Friday work hours, it's not so bad. But, if you shop there on weekends or after work hours it's a madhouse! The parking lot is small for a Costco, it's next to a mall so there high traffic all around. 5 stars of it weren't for the anxiety causing, shoulder to shoulder claustrophobia :p
4	I love Costco. I love THIS Costco. It is really busy all the time. The selection is great.  Just watch out those Sell By dates in the meat department.
5	This is a fabulous Costco! It's not as busy as North Scottsdale and I think they have a great selection of wines.I also buy the orthopedic dog beds whenever they have them. This is the only size my Dobie fits on and he loves the egg crate cushioning much better than the regular stuffing. AND...they're only $46!!! This bed would be triple the price anywhere else. That alone always brings me back!
