4	CELLAR 13 Wine Bar officially opened.Owner Mike Hightower has created an ideal wine bar located next door to Maduro's Cigar Emporium.  Wine + 2  outdoor patios + cigars nearby = CELLAR 13.The small but mighty CELLAR 13 offers multiple seating areas.  A  front patio (next to cigar shop), and two floors with bar seats, 13 steps down to the cozy wine cellar (leather club chair seating) AND another rear patio.  Many cozy nooks to hang out and linger. A simple menu with 13 items including the ultimate grilled cheese sandwich, salads and cheese plates.Come drink wine in Carefree but, expect a couple of 'opening kinks'.Warning =Major secondhand cigar smoke on front patio.
1	I had this on my list for so long!  Looked so cute!  What was with my luck tonite?!  This place, then C4 down the street?  WHY DID I DRIVE ALL THE WAY UP HERE?!We walk inside, cute & tiny.  No one else  but us.  We sat at the bar and were attentively and promplty served by such a nice girl.  (That's were this "1 star" comes from.)Had a nice glass of wine, but within minutes my eyes were stinging.  I had thought, is it my makeup?!  I never said anything, but eventually my husband's eyes were streaming and he said his eyes were driving him nuts!  The server noticed and said, yes, it is the cook prepping oinions and garlic for the night?  (as i said, tiny place, kitchen inches from behind the bar).We moved to the furthest corner, still did not help.  There is a small front patio, which i asked hubby to ck, but it was a last ditch effort to go  out since it was well over 100 degrees.  As he peeped out, the owner (?  appeared as such) who was seated outside said, "O, is it the onions bothering you?  I can certainly smell them out here!"  Anyhow, we did move outside.  Our eyes burning the entire time.  My makeup in ruins.  Eyes bloodshot.  NOT FUN!Footnote to the owner: Prep at a different time when customers are not present!!!!  ie: night before !!!!  or invest in a new exhaust system !
5	I really do enjoy going to this place. Its small but so cute and Mike (the owner) really does like the number 13. The waitresses are really nice and the food is good, but the wine is fabulous. Me and the girls needs to come back and visit again ASAP!
4	My husband and I found this place by accident last night. We went out to do something else and ended up here. We found their wine to be wonderful, the service was fantastic and we even met some new people we hope to see again. Can't wait to go back!
1	We have been in several times and had a great time. My Daughter and 6 week old grand son were visting from Austin Tx. I told her all about the cellar and I wanted Mike and Melissa to meet them both with my wife. 3 min after sitting down just inside the door, Melissa came up from the cellar and tossed us out in with in 45 sec's. Somthing about no kids allowed under 18.The baby will disturb the other patrons. He was sleeping. We had to leave NOW. I said hi melissa remember me? We had to go and she walked away. Wow. Never been tossed before. So long Cellar 13
5	We went as a small group to the wine tasting event they host every 13th of the month. Even though we were late, they allowed us to participate in the tasting. The staff was very friendly and knowledgeable. I fell in love with 3 Girls Wine. I would go again in a minute! It was a very relaxed atmosphere with a great guitar player out on the balcony and a cigar shop next door. It is a fantastic place to hang out with your friends for a night since they close at midnight!
5	Nice ambiance. There are 3 main areas for seating: at the bar, on the patio, and in the basement. The basement is quiet, intimate and comfortably furnished with couch chairs. (this is where we sat) One can hang out in comfie couch chairs, sip on beautiful wines and snack on cheeses/other appetizers. We highly recommend this place and the cigar store next door.
4	Cellar 13 is a great place! The food is outstanding! The grilled cheese sandwich is the best ever! I have also have had the cheese course and we all loved it. The wine s
5	Great place!!  I drove by it by accident, stopped in for a glass of wine and fell in love with it!!  Owner Mike is great and Mark the chef is a super guy as well.  Definitely check it out!
4	Cellar 13 is awesome because Mike the owner gets it! He gets the idea that people like people who like people, and they like consistency!  On any given day you will Mike (and Sam owner of the cigar shop next door) hangin' out on the patio with his patrons.  It doesn't matter who you are, a stranger or not, you will feel welcomed.  He has a nice selection of wine and champagne, and great appetizers!
5	First time here...very lovely and excellent service
5	I have been a huge fan of Cellar since day 1.  I stopped in prior to their official opening to catch the owners (Mike & Kelly) putting the finishing touches on the place. I quickly became a regular, enjoying great wine, tasty appetizers, beautiful sunsets and the occasional cigar (thanks Sam at Maduro) on their patio.  It's a great place to visit with friends or for a date. If you're going solo, there are always plenty of friendly people hanging on the patio to visit with.  Be sure to check it our for happy hour. You can get 2 menu items (food or wine) for $13 from 4-6.  And definitely stop in on the 13th of every month for live music and wine tasting in the cellar.  Normally I don't have positive associations with the number "13," but Mike Jones has definitely changed my view on that matter.
5	I have been going to this place since Mike opened a couple of years ago, it's always a very warm welcome from both Mike and his ladies Melissa & Maggie. The food is excellent if you want more of a tapas type meal, my wife always getting the grilled cheese at least once every couple of visits. If you are going to be up there my mind do yourself a favour and drop in. You will not be disappointed I promise.
5	This little wine bar is indeed a gem!  The always-affable owner, Mike Hightower, has quietly put together a very comfortable and welcoming spot to sip a great selection of wines and tasty tapas-style nibbles.  And his concept is all based on his "lucky" Number 13 - there are 13 whites and 13 reds on his wine-by-the-glass list; 13 menu items, and there are even 13 steps down to the cozy and attractive cellar / back patio.  BTW - the cellar area is perfect for private parties - I hosted my Wine Club here recently and we had a thoroughly enjoyable time!Don't miss the great Happy Hour (where wines and tapas are featured for the worthwhile price of 2 for $13), and stay for another glass on the front porch to enjoy a Carefree sunset or a fine cigar at the convenient shop next door if you're so inclined.
4	Super nice, love the intimate vibe and smaller than Scottsdale setting.  Nice simple food.  It was a 5 stars for my first visit.  Really nice folks, and a complete lack of douches and gold diggers.Not perfect though.  On my 2nd visit brought my wife along on her birthday for their Friday the 13th party.  Fun event with major issues though like the paid wine tasting finishes at 8PM (which they didn't tell us) and they'd lost their cook that day so it took 90 minutes to get a minuscule flatbread.  So we had to go to Carefree Station to get a 2nd dinner.Lesson is don't expect to eat there during their big parties, especially if their cook is MIA.
5	Stumbled upon this place while driving home--we really felt welcome here. Sat in the cellar, which is a very cozy lounge. We had the place to ourselves. Melissa was our server. She was great. We had the cheese plate, which was stellar. The grilled cheese and Tuscan sandwiches were delicious. Our wine was wonderful. Very relaxing, and most important, unpretentious! That will keep me coming back.
4	Very nice place, and small, located in Cave Creek.
5	Very nice wine bar in Carefree, AZ. Great variety of wines of course, but also top notch food. Very cozy atmosphere - loved the downstairs cellar, it was very comfortable for our group of 5 - we had wine, appetizers & sandwiches - nothing was overly priced and it was all great. We will go back to try more things!
5	Absolutely fabulous!Food was great.  Atmosphere relaxing and that lovely blonde (English Accent) Bartender/Waitress was Awesome!  Highly recommend!
4	We had attended a Meet-Up winelovers  tasting event here a few weeks ago, but I am reviewing based on our first one-on-one experience, which is when we realized the Groupon that we had purchased 6 months ago was expiring that very day!!!  So we hustled over to Cellar 13, arriving about 6.30 pm.  The basement lounge, where our Meet-up Group hung out the first visit, was evidently full up, so we ended up sitting at the bar.  We were served by this really nice young woman---blonde, English accent, a great combo of friendliness and professionalism.  Very knowledgeable about what she was serving.  AND she was hustling her butt off!  She was behind the bar then out on the patio, then down the stairs, then here...there there...I got exhausted just watching her and had to drink an extra glass of wine!They were offering a special of a chicken cordon bleu sandwich.  DH ordered that, and it turns out he got the last one!  I guess they had had two other specials and they were already gone---that's how good the food is!  I ordered the grilled cheese sandwich with the sundried tomatoes and arugula---as opposed to the grilled cheese sandwich with four kinds of cheese.  It was a tough decision!  It was delicious---the bread was amazing, the cheese gooey and full-bodied...  Anyhow, we can't wait to go back.  Great ambiance, great food, great service, and every wine we sampled was...great!
5	Always an excellent experience here.  Classy bar.  Great people.  Good wine and food.  The ONLY thing I'd change is that the Cigar Shop next door built some Red-Neck / White Trash barn like enclosed patio on the front.  Really brings the neighborhood down.We'll go back, but our favorite part - the patio - is ruined.  Only sitting inside now.
5	Really lovely. Tiny but lovely. Melissa was great, perfect. Cheese board!Ask her for wines. (Share glasses to make wine flights because they don't do that.)Recommend.Cozy and intimate.
5	Mike is a cool dude and even though I'm not a big wine guy, I have quite a few lovers of the grape so I like to send them here. The place has a nice ambiance, I know some don;t like all the cigar smoking outside but it's cozy out there. Food is good and plenty of room downstairs as well.
