4	During a recent visit to the Charlotte area, my bud Jay B. told me about a massage therapy service he had been hearing about that has been getting the good word. We had an afternoon to chill out so decided to get a massage and enjoy some downtime.This service is located in the Shops At Eastfield Village, great little area of local shops. Through no fault of their own, they found themselves down to only one therapist that day, so my bud and I went one after the other. I took the last spot and took advantage of the wait time to explore around the area shops (see my separate review of Carolina Wine Shops coming up). When my bud was done, I came in and got a good massage and relaxing experience.My therapist for that day, Dave, did a good job in every aspect. Making sure about comfort and expectations first, then giving the massage needed. I had a few knots built up from my training and he did well in applying adequate pressure to not only give me a good massage experience but making sure to work those knots out to help in the future. Very professional and always wanting to make sure everything was up to expectations and needs. Bottom line: Good massage visit! I recommend coming by here if you are ever needing a massage and want a good, attentive, and professional experience.
5	I am one of those people who was apprehensive about getting a massage.  I've thought about trying it for a while, but had never found a place where the therapist made me feel comfortable.  That changed after talking with Chris & David...  If you are new to massage or just looking for a new therapist these guys are worth a try.  They really go the extra mile to make you feel comfortable.  They have created a very relaxing studio where you can really relax and enjoy your time.  They also have a great online booking system that works great on my mobile, I have them bookmarked on my phone so whenever I think about it I can book an appointment and add it to my calendar in no time flat.  I have recommended them to many of my friends who are also very happy customers.
5	What a great experience.    Great Guys who know what they are doing,   Never have I felt more comfortable getting a massage.  Unlike some places,   these guys run a great massage studio. I hope to make it a monthly visit !
1	STAY AWAY! I purchased a groupon as a gift for my boyfriend. i attempted to call several times and did not get a response. Nothing in the fine print said that it could be purchased as a gift. After countless rude and unprofessional emails back and forth they told me that they could not assist me or my boyfriend. Massage therapists are dime and a dozen in charlotte.
5	I have been going to Bear Kneads for over a year and have worked with both Chris and Dave. They are professional and very knowledgable guys. I play sports and have gone to Bear Kneads for sports related injuries as well as for relaxation. Their skill level compared to other places in Charlotte is second to none, especially considering how reasonable their rates are!I HIGHLY recommend Bear Kneads!
