1	Fail!   Fail!   Fail! I will probably regret this post (much like a drunk dial) later, but the facts are the facts.  I had a cosmetic removal procedure done last week and over the weekend my stitches popped open. My daughter was like, "Mom, your boo-boo is bleeding. Low and behold, one of my sutures popped open. Graphic I know, but it is necessary to illustrate the severity of the situation, and to give you a worst case scenario analysis of Stockton Dermatology. So, I called Stockton Dermatology and the phone service said they wereclosed and you can't leave a message. Also, there was no number in case of emergency except a referral to 911. So, I went to Urgent Care and they tell me they can't help me because I got the stitches somewhere else. Really?!? I will have to review them later. Anyways, I went to the ER and after a 2 hour wait and a $100 copay all ended well. Next step was to cancel follow up at Stockton Dermatology since I already got the stitches out at the ER. Well here was the nail in the coffin for Stockton Dermatology. You can't reach a person on the phone. They are suppose to open their phone lines at 8am on Mondays, but this was not the case. I called at 8:02, 8:05...( and this wasn't Althea time, this was real and actual time. Anyways, after getting frustrated at the fact you can't leave a message to cancel an appointment I let it go until noon when I tried again. Well, now their phone lines are closed due to lunch between 11:30 and 1p! I get breaks...I get normal business hours, but if you are offering surgical procedures you should offer some assistance in case something happens! I am not asking to have a person pick up on the first ring when I call, but some human contact and acknowledgment would be nice. In short, since I can't reach you via phone, I would like to take this opportunity to cancel my appointment for today via Yelp.
4	Stockton Dermatology is a great group of dermatologists. The facility is  clean, the staff is courteous and professional, and the Doctor's themselves seem very knowledgeable. I've only been here twice for two different situations, and both experiences I felt comfortable and received high quality service. I chose Stockton Dermatology at the recommendation of my mother. I absolutely trust her the most when it comes to Doctor referrals, she does an amazing amount of research prior to picking a professional to go to. She'll also drop them if their level of service starts to slack or she starts to feel uncomfortable with their expertise. When it comes to your health you can't be too careful and I always feel like I'm in good hands with Stockton Dermatology.
1	A friend of mine highly recommended Stockton Dermatology, so I called to schedule a check up with Dr. Stockton after finding a strange new spot on my skin.  I also wanted to have an overall exam, since I had never been to a dermatologist before.  The staff said that there was not an appointment available for 2 months.  I was worried about waiting so long since I had something I needed checked asap, but made the appointment anyway.  When I showed up for my appointment 2 months later, it turns out I was scheduled with a physicians assistant, not even Dr.Stockton.  She was absolutely horrible.  I had several areas of concern, and she had NO idea what ANY of them were.  I also wanted to have a small skin tag removed, and she said she I would have to come back for another appointment to do that.  I scheduled the next appointment, but when I found out that it was going to cost $600+ to have a small skin tag removed, I cancelled.  I had a horrible experience with this office.
1	Arrived  exactly 12 minutes (apt was at 8:45) late mostly because I parked in the wrong area and had to re-park and find the place. Not very hard to find, mostly my mistake for parking on the wrong side of the building. After I sign in I waited 4 minutes a lady call me and give me extra  papers and collect my Id and insurance card. A couple minutes later the lady (not very nice) calls me and tell me because I'm "15" minutes late she needs to see if they can work me in. Well at 10:15 ish I'm finally called in. However, the front lady was not nice at all and treated my "15" minutes late as a total crime! She even told me that he doctors would not address all my concerns, I had to choose one or two only to discuss. Terrible waiting, I'm sure they overbook people! The facility is clean, comfortable and some of the inside staff was nice. However their phone service is terrible as it took me a few days even to make the initial apt. The front ladies were not very friendly and their "late" policy is awful! I wish had told them that if I could not be seen for all my issues maybe I should pay half a visit too! Not a nice attitude towards a new client/patient. I will look for a new place where staff is friendlier, better working hrs for the phone lines and better over all idea on how to treat your clients/patients that keep you in business! I felt that most of the staff were too much like barbies too worried looking at themselves all the time and forgot to be nice/polite to new clients! This is not a review of the doctors but a review of the facility and the front staff and phone service availability. There are so many ladies working on the front that I wonder why no one answers the phone!Finally when I saw the doctor I did feel that she rushed me and looked at her watch a couple of times. I won't come back here. They just want to see numbers not a quality visit. Definitely catering for the rich and snob!
4	I've been a client for the past two years.  My review is mixed because I do like going there but, sometimes, I have my disappoints with them.  Like that one time, I paid a hefty co-pay just so the PA could tell me there was nothing to be done for that particular appointment.  I was like..."I paid all that for that."  Also, they are very rigid with their tardy policy.  However, they have shown me mercy once or twice when I showed up late.  I get it.  It's a place of business.
5	Have been a patient for several years.  The staff has been a great to work with.  They have helped me with my Rosacea.
1	First visit here, will not go back.Waited at the reception desk (ignored) until staff was finished joking and laughing amongst themselves. They were snotty and unwelcoming. My appointment time came and went. Finally, I was seen by an assistant, instead of doctor.   I paid my copay and left.  After I left, they revised my bill higher because I saw a specialist? Pick another dermatologist. PJ
4	I'm a pretty new patient and was referred to Stockton Dermatology by a trusted friend who works within the specialty healthcare industry and has insight into the best Derms in the state. Although it's true Dr. Stockton is booked out until 2014, I have been extremely happy with Laura Devlin. The care I have received for myself (skin cancer screening, biopsy and Mohs surgery referral) in addition to treatment of my 2nd graders' skin condition and my daughter's acne have been outstanding. The office is modern and professional, and the medical staff are very helpful. I was really surprised reading the yelp reviews because I haven't had those experiences. Yes, you will see cosmetic related advertisements in this office, but that is because this practice happens to offer aesthetic services as well. Not once have I felt pressured to consider cosmetic procedures or services at any of my appointments - although I wish I could afford them! I also don't have the best insurance plan, but I was never given any problems. In fact, they took the time to find me a doctor they trust to perform my surgical procedure that would accept my plan so that I did not have to deal with the frustration of doing it myself. It's true they are sticklers about being 15 minutes early for your appointment; however, they were upfront about this when I was scheduling so I was not surprised the one time I was running late that I had to reschedule. I am really happy with Stockton Dermatology and trust the quality of care they provide. I plan on continuing my relationship and would highly recommend them.
5	I can not sing the praises enough about Dr. Toni Stockton and her staff.  From the moment you walk in to this office and sign in with  Erica, you are treated with big smiles and warm personalities. They have always been prompt and I have never had to wait beyond my appointment time. Dr. Stockton is extremely thorough performing  an examination with professionalism and incredible care.  Not only do I go to her for my yearly skin checks for cancer, I have also received cosmetic procedures from her using Botox and Juvederm. She is an artist when it comes to doing procedures and is careful to ensure you look natural. I have also been seeing her Licensed Aesthetician, Laurie Devlin, who has been treating me  with a laser procedure called Fractora Firm and she has taken 10 years off my 63 years of age.  I feel younger and so refreshed from this non-invasive procedure. She is a master at what she does.While their procedures exceed expectations, it is the friendliness and caring of the staff which goes beyond anything I have ever experienced in a doctor's office. Their customer service is sincere and done with perfection.Thank you all for being THE BEST and making me feel beautiful!-Ellyn D.
5	I used to get the worst ingrown hairs around my jawline and it was causing me to break out, badly. Tweezing only made things worse. My dermatologist recommended I go get laser hair removal after a few failed attempts at electrolysis, but I was scared because I'm African American and I didn't want skin to get hyper-pigmented or the dark marks on my face get worse.After doing my research I found that Stockton is the only dermatology place in Arizona that has the ND Yag (or whatever the laser is called) which is REALLY good at zapping dark hairs on dark skin. So I called and set up my consultation with Debbie Jessica who had worked on other women of color before. I came in, they assessed my skin, took before pictures and gave me these prep pads to prepare my skin for my appointment. Went back in for my appointment, she zapped my hairs and in about a week I started to notice them fall out! It was the craziest thing. I set a follow up appointment for six weeks, then 8 weeks, then 3 months. Each appointment time longer than the next because the hairs weren't growing back, and when they did they weren't ingrown. 6 treatments later I'm done. Will only need to go back if the hairs come back for a touch up. But overall, an amazing experience! I definitely recommend this place for anyone looking to get laser hair removal from people who know what they're doing. Not to mention, this an actual doctor's office with licensed physicians and medical staff, not just a hole in the wall spa.
3	I am a current patient, currently being treated for hyperpigmentation. I've never actually seen dr. Stockton, and was told she's booked for the year! I was told at my last appointment, around closing time, that my provider would have to "walk me out the back" since the front office staff didn't want to stay and wait for her to finish with me. How completely unprofessional.In addition, they are big on trying to sell you their in-house, compounded concoctions at ridiculous markups. Hydroquinone pads-$70 when I can buy the cream at the same strength online for no more than $10. Retin a cream $110 when you can buy online for $20.I will continue going because they treat darker skin tones, but not really impressed.
