5	My family has been going to this church since it was a temporary building in the early 90's.  We've grown together with the parish and we plan to continue to be a part of this community as long as we live in Las Vegas.Even though we moved to a different parish's region, we still attend St. Joseph's.  The church is large and comfortable and the priests & staff are friendly.
5	On Sundays that I wake later in the day, later afternoon hours would be an hour of this church's time I attend mass. Located in the westside of Vegas, this church is situated on the corner of Tenaya Way and West Sahara Boulevard. Parking spaces on the church's grounds is easily accessible. Opt to park by the streets curbs or across from the church is another lot to park on.This is a large church of Spanish-style architecture. Quite impressive as seen from the roadway. A courtyard with flowing fountains lead to the church's doorways. Upon entry, a large concrete structure filled with Holy Water is the centerpiece of the church's foyer. It is bordered by four posts of tall steel frames draped with flowing sheaths of cloth. Two cubicles along the church's doorways offers a place for reverence to St. Joseph and Jesus with his Sacred Heart. To the left of the doorway is the Parish Office. To the right of the doorway is the statue of St. Francis of Assisi. Continuing onto a hallway to the right are statues of St. Theresa, St. Maximilian Kolbe, Mother Teresa, St. Martin de Porres. All these statues have electric candles before it for the faithful devotees to light a candle for a prayer offering. A small metal box is where money for the candle lit is collected. I like it that this church have these saints to adore. Furthermore into the hallway leads to the Comfort Rooms. Entry to the main church is via glass doors. Natural light from outdoors sips through stained glass walls. A large Christ the King portraiture is the main altar fixture. The pews semi-circularly faces the altar. On the left side is a glass-walled room where churchgoers with infants, toddlers or young children can attend mass without distracting the solemnity of the mass with their childish noise or cries. Typically, it is called the "Cry Room". On the right of the altar is where you will see the piano and the organ. The "Stations of the Cross" are on walls of this main church room. "The Pieta" can also be reverenced on a cubicle to the left rear side of the main church room. It's life-sized in a beautiful bronze cast.Church choir adds beautiful music to masses especially on Sundays. The Parish Priests deliver the mass with an air of solemnity. Friendly and attentive Parish Staff will usher churchgoer to a seat or assist if need arises. Sunday mass have the tendency of having a full attendance of parishioners. Having to stand through a full mass is not uncommon. Otherwise it does not detract from the spiritual eucharistic mass. Church bulletins are handed out by Church Staff after each Holy Mass. It informs of upcoming church events, mass schedules, church activities and news. Notice that the hours of Sunday masses are offered starting at 8 a.m. and the last mass is at 5:30 p.m. Web site is www.saintjosephhom.org St. Joseph, Husband of Mary Catholic Church was established in 1989.
5	This is a beautiful church!  Of course it's the church my husband and I were just married at.I've been coming here for a while now and always enjoy it.  The priests and staff are friendly.  I like the way the choir sings.Parking is easy since they have two large lots but try to arrive about 15 minutes prior to mass for good parking.  Location is great.
5	Grew up coming here. Love this church
5	My family and I have been attending this church for 3 years now. It is beautiful, the members are friendly and my oldest daughter who is 11 is taking her 1st Holy Communion class here. So blessed.
5	I love this church. My family and I went here for the Christmas Day Mass and it was beautiful. The church itself is beautiful. Is different it doesn't feel like the traditional Vegas architecture
4	This is one of the churches I go to in this town. I'm a fan of gothic architecture but you won't find that in Vegas churches but it's beautiful here anyway. There's a small fountain right outside the church and I've come here to find inner peace when something is troubling me. (That just sounded like Kathryn from "Cruel Intentions"...aaahhh!)The interior has lots of gold. The murals behind the altar and the tabernacle are gold. Very pretty. The service is great and they don't seem to do overtime...40-60 minutes and mass is over. The priests here are not boring. They would actually step away from the altar and walk closer to parishioners during the homily. This keeps me awake the whole time.Their parking lot is a bit small so sometimes when I really have to, I'd park at our office lot across the street.
