4	This is a clean well lighted store.  Their produce always seems to be fresh and their seedless melons are fantastic (in season).   I really like their deli meats, but beware there can be line at any time, day or night.  The only negative thing I can post,   Some items are priced higher than some of the surrounding stores.   All in all, I'd recommend this Fry's to anyone.
3	This Fry's is a good one.  It's clean, and their produce is usually good.  They have a good variety of products, too.  This is probably my favorite Fry's, and not just because it is closer to home.
4	This is a classy grocery store! Sounds weird, right? But that's seriously how i felt going in for Doritos and Coke Zero yesterday. I also like that the layout introduces you to the produce and natural foods section upon entering, and if you REALLY want the junk food, you gotta hoof it to the other end of the store (literally; the crap is on the farthest wall from the entrance. The alcohol is closer than the snacks).Super convenient when I'm on the east side hangin' with friends. All i need to do is fill out the Frys card info sheet and I'm golden.
4	I've stopped here plenty of times for this & that. clean store & good customer service. Most important is the fuel, love getting a discount on fuel!
5	Frys is the best regular grocery store. They have a decent organic selection and a natural food aisle. They are big and have great deals not to mention they hustle you right through the line! It's clean, well maintained and part of Kroger...an awesome corporation! 5 stars all the way! This is one of a couple Frys I go to. GREAT Fuel Center with AMAZING gas prices. Also really sweet special promotions outside the store like a vendor who sold me my Christmas tree and another who fixed my headlights and impulsed me on the BEST car care product! Love this place!
5	I'm not a huge, huge fan of Fry's but I do periodically shop here for their sales when they are really good.  A few times, I've had some issues, and they are ALWAYS willing to do whatever they need to appease me.I remember one time they had something priced wrong, like corned beef, and it rang up really expensive.  This was one of their sale items at a really good price, like $1.99/lb.  I bought like a bunch and it became very expensive because it was the wrong price.  I went through the self-checkout area.Not only did they easily refund the difference and did not make it painful, they didn't make me grovel or anything like some places were.  They gave me I think 1-2 free corned beefs and then like gift card for my troubles.  Wow!Another time, something rang up wrong in self checkout and I had to go to customer service because I didn't notice until I got to the car.  They refunded my money and gave me the item for free.There are some drawbacks to Fry's in general - not enough registers with cashiers and lines are long, but thankful for self checkout.  The parking lots are always filled with people and crazy drivers.  Guess the coupons and great sales drive the droves to their stores.  Despite this, I always receive excellent customer service from Fry's from looking for stuff, to issues, to wrong pricing, whatever it is.  There is always someone willing to help me.The customer service stations are always nice.  Periodically we get lottery tickets as gifts from family and we have no clue.  We just take the tickets to the counter and they are so friendly and tell us if we have winners or not.  So, despite the few negatives, I give them 5 stars because they have excellent customer service and that will make me a customer for a long time.
