5	Have been seeing since 2000. Very professional, friendly and knowledgeable.
5	Dr. K. has been my doctor for some years now. My mom sees him, my sister sees him, even a friend sees him and he delivered her 3 brothers. He is located in the tall building on the Children's Sunrise Hospital property. Normally there is no front parking, but if you drive around long enough, you might actually get lucky. Once you make it inside go straight to the elevators and go up to floor 4. He will be the door directly in front of you once you exit the elevator and turn right. I have had nothing but terrific experiences here. He delivered my son Deegan at Sunrise 5 years ago and continues to ask about him even after that long. (Could just be notes in my file too ;) He is always professional! The ladies in the back who get you situated, weighed and in a room are always friendly and kind. Every once in awhile the girl at the front counter, the ones who do the insurance crap can get snappy and grouchy, but nothing I can't handle. I have been there so many times I've had the pleasure of visiting each room. Some with views and a few with none. Those get kinda claustrophobic feeling for me. Each room also has beautiful wall art. They are boards with different children, babies and families that he's had the pleasure of being a part of.  That's usually what I spend my time doing while waiting. And It's not weird having a guy Gyno. I completely recommend him to anyone and everyone for Gyno services.
5	High praises go to Dr. Kartnizel and his staff. He's simply the best OB/GYN in the valley in my opinion! His staff is super friendly, and most importantly they keep their appts on time!Out of 10 appts we only had to wait overtime once. The exam rooms are cozy and feature wall art from his clients. He's funny, nice and engaging and shows genuine care and concern for his clients. Very highly recommended!!
5	I've been a patient of Dr. K since 2006 and he delivered my 3 children.  He came highly recommended by the staff of Sunrise Hospital including the nursing staff who deal with so many doctors.  Two of my pregnancies had complications and he provided excellent care and his judgement calls were constantly proven correct again and again.  He is calm, knowledgeable and focused on the best interest of you and the baby.  He listens and understands but also gives you accurate advice rather than just what you might want to hear.  In all my years as a patient, including many many OB appointments I rarely had to wait or deal with lengthy delays. His staff answer phone calls, return messages, call the pharmacy when required, follow up with insurance and are just generally nice and pleasant.  I'm even able to talk to Dr. K if needed via phone.  That may seem basic but I've found in Vegas that is difficult to find.  The office is small but the level of care is so good and the customer service from the staff so wonderful I don't mind traveling or the smaller office space.  I highly recommend Dr. K.
