5	This review is for the Sears Auto Center at this location.  Manager Rich Kuzma and staff were very helpful when I came in with a tire problem (which turned out to be a bent rim).  They rotated all my tires (free of charge bec/ I had bought the tires at Sears), changed the oil, and checked each of them for leaks.  Rich then gave me the location of a parts yard where I could find a replacement rim on the cheap.  I went, found a rim, brought it back to Sears the same day, and they tried to change it out before realizing I had picked out the wrong size rim.  As a last resort, one of the employees bent the rim back to its original shape so well that even Rich was impressed.  Turns out I have not had to replace the rim since.  And again, no charge for all the labor.  Great service.  Highly recommend.
5	After a disappointing trip to Dillard's, I decided to go to Sears.  The store was clean, it was easy to find what I was looking for, and the customer service rocked.  A+ for Sears, except for when they push their credit card.
1	Made an appointment at the Portrait Studio for 5:30pm. It is now 6pm, and I am still waiting. They "close" at 6 and there is someone after me. The "consultant" is still talking through photo choices with the family who was here before 5:15 when I arrived. I came to take Maternity photos, and I feel like leaving, but this is really the only chance I have to get them done so I am trying to be patient. We will see what happens.***********So, 50 minutes after my appointment time, I am still waiting. I walked out.
1	I hate them. don't shop at sears! Way too over priced their price match policy is bogus, they won't work with you on deals regardless of what it says. Just go to lowes/best buy/walmart/ home depot etc etc! rumors have been said they will not exist after 2011. What does that tell you??Just an FYI every thing you could possibly call about is outsourced and the delivery team is extremely rude to talk to regardless if you are a customer/employee whatever(don't ask me how i know i just do wont get into it).  Sears may have awesome deals on appliances but i can guarantee that if you go down the street and pay a little bit more elsewhere it will be worth it in the long run as far as manufacturer warranties and customer service with problems and the delivery and installation will be 110% smoother than sears.  Mattresses- do not buy here. I can tell you right now and i kid you not that for your mattress to come in pristine condition and for it to feel amazing is very unlikely because with delivery again its unlikely it will come in PERFECT.Once i pay off my sears bill i will not be entering any sears and i will never step foot in this particular sears for the rest of my life unless threatened.
4	Not much to write here. I always park on the Sears (upper level) side when I visit Chandler mall. My last visit to the mall, I ended up buying a luggage set on sale at Sears. The cashier was helpful and even checked to see if all four pieces were present (I didn't even think to, LOL). Four stars. No negative feedback to report.
4	As I feel that over the years the quality of most Sears locations has extremely deteriorated, I feel that this location deserves a good review. I don't shop here very often but every once in a while I find myself stopping by an aisle on my way to the Sears parking lot. Today I was in need of a basic polo without a logo for an upcoming event. Apparently no one makes un branded, basic women's Polo's anymore and I never got the memo. Anyhow after about four stores and no luck I headed into Sears on a whim. I found a table with nicely folded basic Polo's, exactly what I was looking for. I headed into a dressing room which was clean and it was a bit aged but at least it wasn't full of discarded tried on clothing like many other mall fitting rooms.I made my way to the check out and the gentleman behind the counter was very nice and seemed to have an interest in customer service. He folded my Polo's very nicely before putting them in the bag instead of just crumpling them up and throwing them in. He did ask the standard Sears card, membership and other questions but at the end of the day he is just doing his job and after working in customer service I respect that he can still ask those questions with a smile. I had a good experience here today. Sears is sometimes underrated and I have had bad experiences at other locations but they have decent merchandise at fair prices.Give this Sears a shot. I can't guarantee you'll leave happy as I did but you might find you get better customer service than you thought you would.
1	I bought a $3,000 highest end Bosch fridge from them. Had a 2 year warranty.Then it died in 8 weeks (total death - nothing worked). So they replaced it after a few weeks.Then the replacement died after another 1 year and 11 months  (again, total death, had a an official Bosch repair guy over, etc). Sears refused to replace, because even though it had a two year warranty - they said the 2 year warranty started at the first purchase (the one that died in 8 weeks), and not with the replacement fridge (which died in 1 year and 11 months). So by their calculation, I was four weeks late to even try to get my third replacement crappy $3,000 German fridge replaced by them in a 25 month period.And then Veronica Chapparo, their appliance manager, was very rude. She wouldn't answer my emails at all until I finally contacted the general manager after her many ignored emails, and then she grudgingly said they'd she'd give me a third Bosch fridge at 10% off next time they had a sale on the condition II'd buy a long-term insurance policy from them next time (with heavy judgment that I hand't bought an overpriced Sears appliance policy in the first place). And when I replied - could you tell me when the next sale is - a month passed with no response until I gave up and replied again - sorry to have troubled you. And no response after  a year and counting. KEEP IN MIND - I DID NOT HAVE A REFRIGERATOR FOR MONTHS ON ENDin my home while I was trying to get someone at Veronica or anyone at Sears to talk to me.Yelper - I will send you the complete correspondence between myself and this horrible Sears executive staff to anyone on request. My email is rkillion@me.com - email me and the correspondence is yours in full.  Please don't spend your money here. Also, the awful rude managers are:Craig Scott, General ManagerVeronica Chapparo, Appliances ManagerTbey are the worst of the worst, and this Sears is the worst of the worst - run from this place.
1	I bought a suitcase here during the holidays in 2011 and also purchased the warranty. The suitcase broke so I went to sears again to exchange it like the sales person said I could. It turns out they lied and don't do exchanges. After calling the 800 number they will give you a gift card of the purchase price. Which means I can't get a new suitcase since the price now is much higher. Goodbye, I'm going to Macy's.
5	I worked at this sears location from 2005-2010 and the people I worked with (many who are in management still) are the best of the best and like family.My parents first credit card when they got married was a sears card and they've sworn by kenmore ever since. They always get the warranties on the appliances they purchase and they have yet to need a new washer, dryer or refrigerator since their original purchase in the 80's. the purchase agreement you can get at point of sale and renew for years to come have paid for any repairs or replacements they've needed.I am now a homeowner and have all of my appliances from this store in particular and kenmore brand - no exception. The prices are fair and the warranty is unbeatable.I'll be a loyal customer for life.
1	On 9/2/13 my wife and I went to the Chandler Mall Sears to buy a tool set for our sons birthday. We selected the set we wanted (no assistance from the staff). I carried the ~40 lb box to the checkout counter. We had parked near another entrance so I left my wife to check out while I moved the car. I didn't think I'd have to ask the checkout clerk to help my wife get the box to the curb. but sure enough when I asked my wife if the clerk helped her she said no. When the checkout process was complete he turned his back to her and sat down on the counter. That is where I found him when I went back in and ripped him a new one in front of other customers. We then contacted the department manager named Veronica (the same one mentioned in another review here). Veronica was of no help and in fact her attitude made me realize the store management is the problem. They do not care if customers are helped or walk out happy. I'm not sure where they think this strategy is going but my guess is it will take Sears out of business.
2	Overpriced compared to most other department stores, but they offered us a great deal on air conditioner installation (wall-style). The process to actually get it installed was incredibly frustrating though. It took about 10 calls to people who kept transferring us back and forth to get the whole process sorted out.We had to pay someone $50 to come out and measure the hole in the wall that was already there. We were able to go out and buy the AC unit from another retailer as per Sears' communications, but this created a lot of confusion for the installation process. At once point, the Sears representative was confused about "how does Sears get paid to install someone else's equipment"? Well, that is what the fees for installation were for :-)Overall, it took extended effort to get the people of Sears to understand what we were asking for, but eventually they came through. The unit was installed for thousands less than anywhere else, but the value came at the price of aggravation for having to deal with the people on the phone...
1	the Worst Customer Service ever ! Store manager sucks ! Don't spend 1cent here ! We spent over $4k here and still was treated like shit ! Fuck you sears !
