5	This place is awesome!! If your looking for something sexy for a bachelorette party this is the place to go. The guys are good looking and you can get lap dances just like a regular strip club. Me and the girls had a blast and a few guilt ridden stories ;)
5	Great show! Great place! The only place to have your bachelorette party or girls night out. If your coming to Las Vegas Men Of Sapphire is a must. The staff is friendly and place is clean.
4	Brought my best friend/Bride to Be here for her Last Night Out and it was awesome! Signed up for their best package and this place did not disappoint at all. They were professional and attentive all night. They gave us the BEST TABLE. We had a blast! I've never done this and was worried how this all might go down, but overall this place was awesome. Once we got to the place the hostess walked us in and they took care of us from the front of the club and onwards. The only thing I would not recommend to any future customers is using their 'Sapphire limo pick-up' to the club. Even tho it was nice that it turned out not to be a limo but a party bus with a pole inside... I had no idea other people would ride with us... Plus the 'other people' were 2 creepy old married men trying to make us pole dance for them... YIKES... This is the Bride to Be's last night out and she did NOT like seeing two creepy old married guys sharing the ride with us wanting us to strip and pole dance for them. Also, 30 minutes before pick-up we were almost convinced by some other strip club business in Vegas to go to their club and then be dropped off at Sapphire Club 30 minutes after their own show would have started. If it wasn't for a random bystander witnessing the whole thing and telling us the situation isn't how it seems and how weird the conversation turned that Sapphire Club wouldn't know where we were it would have been a horrible night. Yikes... I hope that Sapphire Club would warn future customers about sharing the limo pick up and to warn us against other businesses trying to pick us up. Oh, and if you plan on getting drunk, this is not the place. My friend and I had 10 shots and NOTHING. Just a small buzz. LOL (Just being honest!)So Other than the ride situation that Sapphire offers you.. The Club experience itself for a Bachelorette Party is totally awesome! I'd love to go here again for another friend's Bachelorette Party... While arranging a non-Sapphire related business of limos to pick us up LOL.
1	Service sucks. Place is dirty. We were supposed to have a table and never got one and had to seat ourselves. Took 30 mins to get a server. Drinks were awful. Paid to put bride on stage and it lasted a whole 3 mins. Will NEVER be back.
5	Take your wife to the strip club,  enjoy the ladies and then pull back the curtain on the men's theater for good time part deaux.Theater setting so you can be as close or far as you want. Buy your wife some dances after the show as the guys walk the floor,  $20 per.
1	Called and made a reservation for the show for my best friend's bachelorette party. The woman I spoke to was very nice, and assured me that a limo would pick us up at our hotel and we would be getting a table with our package. I asked about upgrading when we got there, and she put me on hold, asked someone about it, came back and said she would make a note that we were interested, took down my name, number, location, etc. Fast forward to the night of:  after waiting for the limo I finally called only to be informed that there is no show on Sundays, and this woman didn't know why I would have been given a reservation. I have a group of eight girls and one bachelorette standing at the curb of Mandalay Bay and I'm horrified. Not only had I been basically lied to, the women on the other end could not have cared less, did not offer to try and make the situation better (offering to bring us to the strip club anyway, etc). So I can't review the show, but what I CAN say is that these people do not have their stuff together and suck at customer service- beware if you're planning a party and have people depending on you!!
1	Seriously the most unattractive, demeaning thing I've ever witnessed! Almost no one gave even a dollar, and the women who did got pulled onto stage so the men could do disgusting things to them that looked like they hurt. Please do not go here!
