3	The waitress was a lady ooooh I forgot her name, but one of the oldest there.  We sat in the back (straight back when you walk in) if that helps???She was very nice and courteous.  I had the shrimp scampi with a steak,the shrimp was good but steak had no flavor and was too tough.Raspberry lemonade was really good, try it.The popcorn shrimp, crab pasta and fries I pilfered from my friends plate they were average except for the pasta, that was pretty good.  It does taste like crab so if you don't like crab stay away.Just 3 stars because of the steak and even though I told her about it she still charged me for it.Not my first choice for seafood but I would go back.
3	After years of not eating at Red Lobster, I came here last night, since I had seen a commercial...slowly but surely I remember why I stopped going here. Service was ok, food was eh...and the prices are high for mediocre food. Will I be coming back... only if my meal is free. There are a bunch of better seafood places we can go to...
3	We like to go to the Red Lobster near Fiesta Mall. (I know, I know who goes to Fiesta mall anymore. They have great deals, but that is another review!) We decided to try a Red Lobster closer to home. This is a new layout for the Lobster, looks like more open seating rather than the traditional booths. I don't care for the open seating, but I always sit at the bar so it doesn't matter. Our Bartender was nice, but everything was very rehearsed. Welcome to the Lobster try the blah, it's on sale. Where is the personality! The lobsterita was just not the same here. What can I tell you, Nate our bartender in Mesa rocks! We will be coming back, it's close to home but this just isn't our favorite Lobster!
4	Update: On our last visit  we met a bartender called Derek.   Service was much better than the first couple go rounds and everything truly came out on time.  He mixes one hell of a great Lobsterita!  What a difference one good person can make eh?
1	We got seated quickly, but waited 15min to place our drink order. In the meantime, a group got seated next to us, they were greeted them, follewed by another server telling th about their "team service".... Too bad we didn't get any of that team service'! We ordered the crab crusted tilipia, they forgot the broccoli (and when they bring it, it tasted like rubber), the dish was disappointing! They were nice enough to take it off the bill. Overall the service was poor and food was sub par, I hadn't been to Red Lobster is some years and not I remeber why. Next time I'm in that area, i'lll choose to go elsewhere.
4	The parking lot was packed, but we didn't have to wait to be seated. The waitress was friendly and very helpful. The food was pretty good, a little overpriced maybe. Overall a good experience.
4	Delicious lobster nachos and berry sangria! And Matt our server was super nice and funny too.
4	I love the cheese rolls and seafood pasta.
4	My family lives in Chandler so we get to this area frequently. We had a gift card to offset the purchase, so it made this location ideal, and we are seafood lovers.The decor and inside of the restaurant was lovely and clean and we were seated immediately (a Sunday around 4:30pm)It was my wife and I, and our 2 boys, 7yrs and 20mos. We were greeted by a "seafood specialist"Whenever I go to Red Lobster I always order the Ultimate Feast (lobster tail, bredded shrimp, shrimp scampi, crab legs). The meal is so tasty I am beside myself, and this time was no exception. I am not crazy about scampi for some reason, I'm sure it is considered good. I would have rather had a few extra breaded butterly shrimp.I didn't want the eating to stop, the crab legs were succulent and the lobster melted in my mouth. The melted butter didn't hurt eitherThe wife shared this dish with me and we added another order of crab legs and a bowl of soup.The soup was lobster bisque, which is probably my favorite *type* of soup. This soup,howver, was slightly disappointing. It was tomato-based, not cream-based, and I've had better. The bowl was $6.50, which I consider well above average, but the waitress gave us the $5 price because she misquoted.Terrific cheesy biscuits and average sald consumed as well.I order the Sunset Passion Colada, worth every penny of the $6.75.Overall the experience was exceptional, but I have to temper it with the fact that I believe the restaurant is overpriced, even for seafood. Our tab without tip came to $56 for 2 adults and 1 child, and my wife and I even split an entree.I believe this true for all Darden restaurants as well. I wonder how much longer Red Lobster and Olive Garden will get away with this. Bahama Breeze went out of business in Phoenix because of pricing.I recently reviewed Olive Garden and gave it 3 stars.
3	Good service. Nice atmosphere. I'll be back.
4	Have been going to red lobster for years and years now, and am happy every single time. How can something as simple as grilled shrimp be SO GOOD! Good mixed drinks as well and dessert. Popcorn shrimp is decent for the non seafood lover or steak. LOVE this place and their pasta is good as well. :)
3	I tried Red Lobster food  for the first time and I was not impressed with my order. I ordered the Broiled Seafood Platter TO GO and it was disappointing. My review relies mostly on the food. I was expecting restaurant food, not fast food. The fries were thin and chewy, the shrimp was a little bigger than a quarter but flavorful, and the scallops were just plain. Overall the food was not worth the price. I would give this location 2 stars but because my server/cashier provided great customer service, I'm giving 3 stars.
4	My fiance and I wanted lobster and we didn't want to pay an absurd amount to eat it.  So this was perfect!The lobster pizza appetizer was good.
4	I love seafood. And being away from the ocean, Red Lobster is where i go to get my crab, shrimp, lobster fix.service was slower than normal because it was busy. Had to wait about 30 minutes to get seated. Food to me was good. I ordered the ultimate feast.
5	We ordered the Lobster Fest lobster/shrimp grill which was served with lobster/shrimp macaroni and cheese and steamed broccoli. The wait staff was outstanding. The food presentation and taste was excellent and the price was a good value at $24. I can't speak for other Red Lobster locations but this one has a highly trained and motivated staff.
3	I went hear for dinner on Saturday, 4/21/12.  What can you say?  It's Red Lobster.  We went because we had craving for Seafood.  And they were having their Lobster Fest.  The food was fresh and tasty.  We were able to get in quick.  For the meal and price, I got my moneys worth. This is not a regular.  It has probably been a year since I went to a Red Lobster.  And probably will be another year before I go again.  But it is dependable and I walk away full. BTW...  I think the best part is are the cheddar biscuits!!  And they must be in limited supply because even after asking our waitress twice for some more, we they never managed to come...  Probably why they got 3 Stars and not 4 this time.
5	Outstanding service and teamwork with employees! Tina, our waitress, was friendly& quick! We met both managers who introduced themselves and asked how everything was. We used a gift card and coupon, but still left a great tip! Food was hot, fresh and yummy. We left with leftovers ( doesn't happen much) we will request Tina next visit!
5	Always an awesome experience at this Red Lobster.  Good food, good service, & good atmosphere.  Prices are a little high, but everything is worth the price. =)
1	I am not a fan of red lobster, but once a long while we still go there if they have something new like the endless shrimp. So we went and its again a disappointment. Too much butter, too much salt. Dishes are way too salty. Service way okay, not great but acceptable. That's probably going to be my last time ever visited Red Lobster.
4	Had a gift card so we got items off the lobster fest menu. The service was great. The food was really good. Probably the best meal I have had at a red lobster. The cheesebread here is my favorite bread anywhere! The shrimp scampi are my favorite and were really flavorful. No complaints! I hadn't been to red lobster in probably over a year but this meal was really surprisingly good and I would go back now more regularly. They also put coupons regularly in the paper so we got $4 off our bill which always makes me happy :)
4	Great services. Cheese biscuits still amazing.
2	Though the food was good the service was extremely slow. Took 20 min to order, 40 min for food, 35 min to get our check after we completed eating and the waitress asked if we wanted dessert.  Service was poor for Red Lobster
2	I have been to this location 4 times with the hopes that what I have experienced here would not repeat itself.  Unfortunately, it did and the experiences have all earned this restaurant location 2 stars at best.  Slow, Mixed up, Food cold and a generally inability to get it right.  I am afraid that I will not return to this location again.  Four times is by any measure enough time to turn it around and they could not do so.
4	On Friday lunch last week I had the best service here that I have probably ever had at a restaurant. She went above and beyond. It was truly a pleasure! My daughter and I each got the 30 shrimp. We had food to take home it was so much! The new shrimp on the special are really flavorful and a great value for how much you get. The meal comes with a side, salad, and the amazing cheese bread. We had giftcards from the holidays left to use and we also had a coupon. I hadn't been to a Red Lobster in a really long time and this was a very pleasant experience that will bring me back here more regularly.
4	Always a fan of Walt's Favorite Fried Shrimp and the cheddar biscuits!  Will say that this particular location was cleaner than most of the Red Lobster's I have been to.  The food came out quickly and was piping hot and our server, Rico was attentive and friendly.  No complaints here.
2	Yeah...so for some reason, I'm writing about Red Lobster.  I mean I guess I did eat there yesterday but it really almost seems like a waste of effort.A while ago (like 20 years) I liked Red Lobster a lot.  Use to go to the one in Torrance Cali by Del Amo mall pretty regularly and it was halfway decent.  But somewhere along the way it kind of went off the rails.Prior to last night the last 2 times I ate at a Red Lobster was in Bismarck and Grand Forks ND...at that's about 7 years ago.  After those experiences I swore the place off.So back to last night.  It was Lobsterfest time so we ordered two lobster based meals.  Not bad.  The melted "butter" stuff was waaayyyy salty.  But other than that things weren't bad.The service...nice guy but waaaaaaayyyyyyy tooooooooo slooooooooowwwwww.  Asking for tabsco sauce after the meal came took waaaaaaaaaayyyyyyyyyy tooooooooo loooooooonnnnnnnggggggg.  Getting a refill on a soda took waaaaaaayyyyyyy tooooooo loooooooonnnnnnngggggg.With a bottle of wine, a $10 off coupon and tip, bill came to $100 for two.  Whaaaaaatttttttt!!!!!?????  For not much more money I can get a far better seafood meal, at a far nicer restaurant (a few places in the Scottsdale Quarter come to mind).It might be another 7 years before I return.
2	I don't get the excitement over these darn biscuits, they aren't good at all. I've been here a few times, food it OK, and prices are OK, but I'm not impressed.
4	Get the warm chocolate chip lava cake..... Hands down amazing!!We were a large party and ended up getting seated before a lot of the small parties. It was great becuase we were the large party but it would have kinda of been a bummer had we been a smaller party. Either was it was great for us :)
4	Complained to Hq about problem. They were nice and sent 35.00 gift card.  nice of them i thought.
4	I am not a huge Sea Food lover, but from time to time I like to get me some shrimp! I don't get all crazy with Lobster or Crab...... shrimp is where its at for me! The reason I love Red Lobster (because I get the same dish every time I go) is for their delicious Shrimp Linguine! If I am in the mood for sea food alfredo Red Lobster is where im at. The shrimp is always tasty (rarely ever fishy tasting) the linguine is perfectly al dente and the alfredo sauce is del to the ishious! Red Lobster is also known for their Cheddar Bay biscuits! Sweet mama I will eat 12 of these in one sitting, if my stomach permits it. The combination of the biscuits and their delicious fresh salads are a perfect start to your meal!This particular Red Lobster is always a pleasure to visit. We come here maybe once a month maybe more for the location and the service. Not once have I been disappointed with the food or the service. The wait of course for Friday or Saturday night dinner is pretty long, but that is to be expected. For a chain restaurant I have to say they have their game face on, for I will visit any chain in any state to get me some scrumptious Shrimp Alfredo! Keep it up Red Lobster and this Shrimp Lover will be back for your annual Shrimp Lover Months!!!
3	standard red lobster. came here after a very, very, very long work day and a co-worker and i were headed back to tucson. we were seated right away, and our server was prompt to grab our drink orders and bring us delicious cheddar bay biscuits. we ordered and the food was slow to come out. when our food arrived, everything looked pretty good.if it had not have been such a long day, i think i would have had more tolerance for our server. she just seemed in a rush and wasn't the friendliest.
2	I used to really like Red Lobster. After many sub par experiences at different locations over the last couple of years I have come to the conclusion that Red Lobster is going downhill fast. Today I met my sister here for lunch around 1:30pm. We were seated right away but it took our waiter about 15 minutes to approach the table. We eventually got our drinks after asking twice. I looked over the lunch menu and they definitely had some new items since the last time I had dined with Red Lobster about six months ago. The lobster grilled cheese and shrimp salad sandwich were among the odd choices on the lunch menu. I went with the staple grilled shrimp house salad with a cup of clam chowder soup, my sister had fried shrimp and scallops. The food took at least 30 minutes to be served which I thought was quite ridiculous for a lunch service especially for some salad, soup and fried food. My clam chowder was mediocre at best, tasted like it came out of a can for sure and the grilled shrimp in my salad still tasted half frozen. My sister did enjoy her fried shrimp, maybe fried is the way to go at Red Lobster because clearly fresh is not the top priority here.Overall bad. Service was just mediocre. Food was bad. I will not be back anytime soon.
2	Took the family to this particular Red Lobster for my oldest son's birthday (he wanted Red Lobster).  We usually go to the S. Alma School location, but decided to try this one.  Big mistake!  We entered and the hostess was not very friendly, and was rolling her eyes about something when we greeted her.  We waited the 15-20 mins to be seated, no biggy.  We get seated and the waitress comes by for our drink order.  We get drinks and take a few to decide our order, and this is when the fun started.  The waitress never mentions specials, etc so as we order I ask for a particular item that she states is popular and that is why they're out of it.  I make a choice on something else, but this could have been avoided by a simple explanation of specials and a "by the way, we are out of this"  So we get our slads and biscuits and it seemed to be ok.  Now our order arrives, me and my sons get our orders, my wife gets a portion of what is supposed to be served as an entree in appetizer form.  The waitress explains here are these shrimps, the grilled take longer, it's my fault but it should be up in 2 minutes.  Ok, 10 minutes later, the grilled shrmp skewer is brought out, no sides that are supposed to be with them.  The waitress asks did you want me to bring those out?  Really?  With a little bit of an attitude I might add.  My wife then asks to speak to  a manager.  He comes over about 5-7 minutes later, which makes me think he may have over camplaints.  He was very nice and comped her meal and my son's dessert.  The 2 stars are for him making her order right,  It will be a long time, if ever we go back there due to some piss poor attitudes by people that should be working in a toll booth rather than dealing in the service industry.
2	Nothing out of the ordinary it's red lobster A. Food was o.k service is o.k. Just A O.K. We all been there,it's not changed in 20 years...
4	Came here for the yearly Endless shrimp. Being a sea food fanatic, all you can eat savory shrimp for one low price, how can you go wrong? The staff was very friendly and we were promptly seated. Didn't take them very long to have the waitress over and before you knew it, food and drinks were on our table. Overall this was an enjoyable meal and a nice red lobster!
1	Why would anyone eat this stuff.  It's like the Mcdonalds of seafood?
4	Had the endless shrimp last night, and was more than satisfied!  Tried 3 or 4 different kinds of shrimp, and they were all fantastic.  My girlfriend and I left stuffed as can be.  We will go back.
4	Its a great place to eat a special meal but I wouldn't go here again for lunch. A little expensive for lunch. great fried shrimp though.
1	I figured that I would give RL one more try...can someone say NEVER AGAIN!!!! The Lobster was tough. Matter of fact everything was gross. The waitress gave me some lame a** excuse why the lobster was tough. She forgot our appetizer. She kept forgetting of our requested items. The floor was nasty and the lobby smelled like urine. Do Not mop the lobby with the bathroom mop. My advice is they need to close all the Red Lobsters. So Sad...
4	, High quality service, excellent food. Ill be BACK. I love crab fest, waiter was on top of his game..
5	Love Red Lobster. Everything was delicious. The lobster crab and shrimp were  perfect. Pricey but worth it
3	Sit in the bar, ask for Jim. Food was basic, hence the 3 stars, but Jim ' s service is spot on! He has been with Red Lobster for 14 years,  very experienced.   Would have been 5 stars if the food would have..A) Been freshB) Cost a lot less for a previously frozen mealC) Had a better rum selection for as many rum based cocktails they serve(Bacardi? YUCK!)D)Not come to the table reheated in a micriwave (chocolate chip molten cookie)
2	my wife: everything about here made me madno happy hour, no to go bags for the food, servers who clearly don't want to be there - just part of the magical, family friendly dining experience you can expect from red lobster.on the other hand you're eating at red lobster. I guess 2/5 is still a 100% improvement over what you'd expect, but it still doesn't make the experience any betterseriously no happy hour on a Wednesday at 5:30p? just because you're down the street from the grand poobah Mormon temple doesn't mean your business can't have fun
5	Our server Cassy went out of her way to accommodate my kids and family.  She was very helpful and friendly.  I had a 3 year old and a 10 month old and she was very patient with both of them. She made us feel comfortable and brought out crackers and oranges for my kids. Food was tasty and bread was delicious as usual. A favorite place for my kids and my grandmother to come and enjoy a yummy lunch. When we were leaving the kids were looking at the lobsters and the host, Robert was very nice and friendly with my grandma (who is 82) and my kiddos also. He even took a lobster out of the water for my 3 year old to see it up closer. It was a very great experience and I love this red lobster location best of all!
4	We have been here multiple times and always get the raw oysters. We usually always sit at the bar and always get great service. We will get drinks and other appetizers but our focus and reason for always coming that is the raw oysters. We enjoy this place and will continue to come back for the raw oysters.
4	I enjoy coming here, especially for special occasions. The food is great and the servers are nice. My favorite dish is lobster pizza. I've had lobster pizza here multiple times and it's consistently good every single time and I would come back just for the pizza. I also like their bread. Very generous refills of the bread!
4	It has been years since going to a Red Lobster. My wife got a gift card so we went. The new wood grilled lobster, prawn, salmon plate looked awesome so we gave that a try. It was just the right size for us to share. That with the salad and the complimentary bread had us satisfied and not over stuffed. Good quality food that tasted very good. I would have given 5 stars but the whole experience was just lacking something. I had a great time and liked the food, but not sure when I will be back.
