4	I moonlight as a makeup artist (unfortunately this is not yet my full time career, but one day), and I had read about other UBS shops & how great they were for supplies. I think this is a franchise location since it has the same name as the stores in downtown PHX? Anywho, this location was closest and I've now been in there a few times. Its no Sally's (as far as organization is concerned), yet I think it gets mega points for carrying some professional grade cosmetics lines (think La Femme, Cinema Secrets, Red Cherry etc) which I cant really find anywhere else other than online. The prices are a little more expensive than what I could order online, but I figure with shipping it would probably equal out. The lady with the red hair is AWESOME. The other people that work there are really nice as well, however that lady is always working when I go in, perhaps she's the owner? She's always super helpful. Now the biggest selling point is ladies- this store carrys Red Cherry false eyelashes for $2. So if you just like wearin' em or use them on models or both (like me), its a freakin steal and they are great. La Femme eyeshadows and blushes are only $3 and are just as good as if not BETTER than anything you could buy at Sephora. I cant say much for the quality of the hair stuff, but it seemed like they carried a lot of hair and nail supplies at great prices, so if you're a beauty queen, dont walk-run there! Or to your nearest UBS, you wont regret it! :)
1	These people are the rudest people!  Spend your money with some one who appreciates your business!!!!
4	Great place to buy all manner of beauty supply products and I found the owner ( at least I think she was) to be very helpful.  I was in here several times in 2010, my last visit to Mesa.Unfortunately when I drove thru the little center this was in today, the store was empty and signage was down.  Whether they moved or closed I will have to find out but it is gone, along with at least two other businesses I know of in this particular center, the wonderful little Z-lantro Mexican restaurant I frequented on my last trip, and the Blue Goat restaurant I found on Yelp but didn't find in the center.  So sad.
2	The people here are so very nice, BUT the prices for hair are ridiculous! They charge 3x more than other places and especially online. I haven't bought other products from them but I don't know if I will. The price for hair is almost like robbing customers. I bought Boss something Indian Remy Wavy and no one could believe how much I spent. I just bought Zury and I just saw it online for only $14 and even with shipping it's less than buying it here.
5	I bought  8 packs of jumbo RastAfri hair and it was a pretty reasonable price at $2.99 each. I also got a comb and some mascara for really cheap! The store is really clean and very well organized. They have a ton of options to choose from extensions, wigs, and so forth. The owner and her daughter were really helpful. Better than Sally's so I will definitely be back!
5	My favorite beauty store in all of AZ , hair land is a close second but this store has awesome customer service and supply selection.
5	This is the best beauty supply store I have been to since living in AZ. They have a large selection of black hair care products, and a nice selection of quality hair extensions at a reasonable price.
