2	It's now "$3.49 Cleaners".  They do a decent job but I finally realized they're the ones stapling the return ticket to the garment itself.  And I don't like little holes appearing on the fronts of my dress shirts.
4	I went to this cleaners since it's close to the HT I shop at on East....As someone mentioned it is now $3.49 cleaners - or something like that...my dress came to about $5 for the cleaning with tax (can't beat that price). I took the other reviewers advice and specifically asked them to watch where they stapled the garment- and happily they obliged.  I lost my ticket- and they were still able to give me back my dress based on my phone number and address. They also were able to remove red wine on a silk dress so that's always a plus. Overall they were friendly- and quick - I was very happy, so I'll be back.
1	I went here for a couple months, and everything was ok. Then I went to pick up some dresses one day and one was completely faded. It was an orange dress and some spots were faded to white and it was ruined. I told the woman working there that it was not in the same shape I brought it in and all she said was there was nothing she could do...not even give me my $3.99 back. I will never go again
1	I have been taking my husband's shirts to be laundered here for several months.  Over the course of those months, three times the shirts were not ready on the agreed upon date and the excuse was always the machine broke.  I finally had enough and told them they had lost my business.  They did not try and save it.
3	Seems like they do a good job here. $8 for my dress to be drycleaned. Nothing is $2.99 to be cleaned I dont think. Theyre also now called Preferred Cleaners. The people are super friendly and I usually end up chatting with them. Your basic friendly neighborhood drycleaner. They also have frequent user cards so ask for one and eventually you'll have $10 off!
1	First of all, this place is now on South Blvd, called Preferred Cleaners.Do NOT take your clothes here if you want to see them again in a reasonable amount of time.  I dropped off a silk dress to be dry cleaned.  It was not ready when I went to pick it up, a couple days after the day they quoted for me.  Nobody knew where the dress was and I was told that they would call the plant and call me back the next day.  Did I get a call the next day? No.  I called them and was given the run around again, no one could give me a straight answer about where my dress was. Long story short, I was eventually told (at least 2 weeks later) that beading on my dress melted and then my dress was ruined in a fire; because of that, I needed to fill out a complaint form for insurance purposes.  After I filled out that form, letting them know that the dress is worth at least $125, the dress was magically restored and ready for me to pick up at the store location.  When I went to pick it up, guess what...it wasn't there!  I talked with the manager and she promised it to me the next day- I made it back to the location a week later and finally picked up my dress.  They tried to give me free dry cleaning for 3 pieces in exchange for my troubles.  I told her I would never be back and they should give me the $7 I paid upfront to have this dress cleaned and we could call it a day.Over a month later I finally got the dress that I dropped off, with different beading on the front...I never want to step back in that dry cleaners again.
1	If I could give zero stars I would! This place is a total joke! I took a COTTON duvet cover to be pressed. After waiting a WEEK to get it back I looked at it to see it was wrinkled! Heavily wrinkled! They stated they would send it back.... another week! Once again, its wrinkled and looks like it did the previous week. This is the only Dry Cleaner I have ever been to that charges you up front. Should have known when they asked for payment up front. After getting poor results again I advised them I wanted a refund and I would be taking it somewhere that knew what they were doing! They refused to give me a refund, stating "We don't give refunds"??? BBB will be contacted! Please save yourself the agony....
1	I had been taking my garments to be dry cleaned to their location on South Blvd for about 3 months, giving this location much of my dry cleaning business. I never had any issues with the quality of the actual dry cleaning. Sometimes the promised returned date on the receipt was not honored. I took two pairs of pants here to get alterations, just a simple pants hemming...it has taken them three tries to get it right. The first time the hem fell out while I was out work, completely embarrassing, so I took back to have redone. Another pair the hem was so loose! They also fell out. The manager refused to give a refund for my troubles! Not even a free cleaning, claiming "he was the cheapest in Charlotte" Another issue I have with this business is they raised prices about halfway through the summer and the staff did not notify the customers, I had to go back into the store with my old receipts and ask why it was so much more expensive....she couldn't answer my question. I have since taken my business elsewhere.
