5	Admittedly, I look like a complete fool working out. I'm ridiculously out of breath approximately 6 and a half minutes into any physical activity that I try. I chalk it up to the fact that I was born 2 months early and my lungs were under developed, but I'm pretty sure after 28 years that point is null and void. But seriously, are you going to question me when I tell you I have "little lungs"? No probably not, so I'm sticking with that excuse.So being that this is the case, I usually shy away from anything that involves me having to do "group fitness" activities and embarassing myself. Give me a Biggest Loser DVD any day. Bring it on, Jillian Michaels! However, now that I'm trying to squeeze myself into a wedding dress in September I thought I might give Glow Tanning Retreat & Fitness Studio a shot. So frickin' glad I did!Paula, the owner, has an infectious energy that makes you completely forget that you've actually never Zumba-ed in your whole life. (What the hell is a "cha-cha"?) Throughout the entire hour that I flail around to the likes of T-Pain, LL Cool J, and Pitbull in the Hip Hop Zumba class, I never once think about giving up. I went for the first time in September of 2010 and can't stop. I plan my entire day around the fitness classes at Glow so I can be sure to get there for Hip Hop Zumba, Body Sculpting, or any of the other numerous classes. This is coming from someone that can't keep a gym schedule to save her life.Geared towards women, Glow welcomes females of all shapes and sizes, at any fitness level. It's clean, bright, and the energy flows through the air conditioning ducts, I swear. It appears, in the time that I've been there, that Paula centers the fitness around a few core classes that stay constant like Zumba, Hot Yoga, and Body Sculpting, and then adds in awesome new classes like Hip Hop Yoga and Ballet Fit. There's no way to become bored with your fitness routine here.Above all, I've never felt out of place or ashamed for my "little lungs" or felt guilty for missing a week because my schedule got ultra busy. Glow always welcomes you with open arms and sends you home with sore muscles.
4	I bought a groupon for 15 visits at Glow and could not have been happier.  I took yoga classes (80s yoga on Tuesday nights and Aroma yoga on Thursday nights - Elise is the best ever!)  I took a few zumba classes, but didn't enjoy the music enough to return to many of those.  I loved, loved, loved the sculpting class Tuesday nights and the pilates class on Monday nights with Denise.  She is a machine and the class is really hard, but in a very good way.  The only teacher I did not like was Keith and the kettlebell class.  I felt he was a bit condescending with my level of skill. Although my groupon is done, I will definitely be back.  Paula is about the nicest owner I have ever met and actually extended the groupon end date when I missed a few classes over the winter with illness and long work days.  A great "classes only" gym.  I would definitely highly recommend!
