5	I stopped in at DVF on saturday to check out their selection. They currently are running a contest of "guess the shells in the water tank" The winner receives a nice .22lr.  They had a good selection of guns and really great prices. The store had just about everything you expect in a nice gun shop.  I have to say that the employees were top notch! They were extremely friendly, helpful and knowledgeable. I did not end up purchasing a gun but I did walk out of the place with a fair price on a holster and a carrying case for my hand guns. They also had plenty of ammo in stock. I will be frequenting this place often.
5	I swung by the other day after seeing in a gun forum that they had relocated.  I don't know what the old location was like, but the new location was bright and clean and new (just like you would expect from a NEW location).  Best thing about it was the people.I wasn't there to buy anything - they were sorta on the way home and I thought I'd swing in.  The guy behind the counter was nice and spent plenty of time with me even though I told him I was just looking to kill off 20 minutes of my day.  He gave me great customer service (didn't blow me off - hey, I might be back with Benjamins next time...) and took fantastic care of two other customers that walked in while I was there.  You can get firearms anywhere but good people are hard to find these days.
5	Fantastic place no ripoff a fair prices amazing customer service. If you have a question just ask the guys they do an amazing job of explaining. Got my first AR here for a deal even in this shitstorm they really pulled through for me. Signed up for concealed carry class as well. They really want you to be a responsible and well educated customer. Check them out you will not regret it!
5	This is one of my favorite stores.  The service is great.  I'm not all that knowledgeable about firearms and their employees always take the time to answer my questions.  I never feel like they're rushing when explaining something to me.  Plus, it's great to shop someplace that is family owned.
2	Holy smokes! I spent more time driving then I did in the store and I was only a minute or so away. I walked in, saw the gun I was looking for, saw the price and saw the exit. I've been shopping around for a 715t and Sportmans had it for 299 which was high. The tag on the Mossberg 715t (remind you it's just a 702 plinkster in a fake AR body) for 390!! DANG! For 79 bucks more I can go to Sportsmans and buy the S&W MP15 which is a real 22lr AR. This place must be feeding off ill-informed people. I wonder if they have a "I know what Im doing" price. $390?? really?
