5	I love this place!  My favorite girls are Kim and Min.  They do a spectacular job.  Always spotless...and consistant!  These girls are friendly, painless and give a great foot massage.  If you like a flower painted and an impeccible French mani or pedi this is your place!!!
5	I am just visiting the Scottsdale area but had some free time tonight and Yelp'd to find a decently priced salon. Min did my mani/pedi and did a great job. Although they close at 7p, she took her time and even offered an extra massage, despite the time crunch. She's super sweet and fun to talk to and I most definitely recommend her!
1	Worst nail job I've had in my life. Didn't do what I asked and began chipping off next day. The actual nail not just the polish. Then even after I went back in and requested them to fix them my nails (it's been 4 days) have began cracking. There is bubbles in them. Horrible:( and a waste of mula to go here.
1	The nail polish chips off less than a day! They don't massage your hands like they do other salon's. Not worth the money.
1	Horrible job. I got a mani/pedi and I could have done a better job myself. I know sometimes they can accidently cut your skin, but she took a huge chunk out of my cuticle then tried telling me I had a hang nail.... um I think not idiot. The paint job was horrible... the whole nail wasn't even covered. Pricing was alright, service horrible.
3	Not bad, not great.  Just okay.  Looking for a nail salon in my new "hood" and I think I'll keep looking to see what else is close-by.
1	Worst gel manicure I have ever had.  She destroyed my nails when taking the polish off.  She clipped my skin and then smiled at me.  And the next day the polish was literally peeling off.  Bad service + bad results = bad review.  I was hoping to like it since it is in the neighborhood.
1	I'm new to town so thought I 'd check out this place since it was close to my new home. I'm looking to find a regular salon to go to and this is definitely not the one. I got a gel manicure and the whole time she was hurting me like no other! She was VERY rude to me throughout the whole visit and didn't even give me a massage with my $25 manicure. The place itself is very dirty. It seems like they haven't cleaned for about 6 months. They blatantly point at you when they are talking about you in another language. I would never go back! I wouldn't mind paying a little more so I don't have to put up with my nail lady disrespecting and hurting my skin like that.
1	When I arrived I presened a photo of how I would like my toenails pedicured and painted. The lady said " ok. No problems we do dat for tou"   I was under the impression that she spoke very little English. She began the pedi ... I kept reminding her what I wanted and showing her the photo of what I wanted.  She still didn't speak English.   The lady then said " hi Linda how are you. ..is your son walking yet?  " to a client that just walked in the door.    As my pedi continued my pedi lady said.   " oh I have special for you" because I requested rhinestone as the photo. Anyway I did not get what I paid for    the tech played the no english speaking game
1	The staff was incredibly nice but my nails looked so bad!
3	I went in for a mani-pedi on my lunch hour and got just that. In and out in under an hour, which is just what I wanted. It wasn't the most luxurious experience, but for quick and cheap ($38 total), this place is a good find.
1	I would do my own nails before going back there. They appear indifferent and slovenly. When the "nail tech" got out her acrylic, it looked like it hadn't been used in months - covered in dust. I shudder to think about the hygiene of their foot baths. There are dozens of nail salons in the valley, so don't settle. The cost is comparable to the nice salons, so you're not even saving.
1	HORRIBLE experience. OVER PRICED- do not waste your money. I had an overlay with polish and they were so bumpy... They looked like a 3 year old polished them. I had to go back three days later to get a nail fixed and they still look BAD! Never again.
5	This is the best nail salon in town. My gels stay on for two weeks or more every time. Staff is friendly and efficient and know my name as "trace" when I walk in the door. They make you feel welcome. Reasonably priced. Comfortable. No brainer. Relax and enjoy!
