3	The food looked fresh, I'll give it that. A small little spot among the restaurants in the "A" wing. There are some better prices around on things, but they have water, soda, chips, salads, and sandwiches. Really that's it. There is a small island with the salads and sandwiches, drinks on the wall behind and you are done. If you have more time invest your money in a restaurant near by. The food looks good, but not for the price. A simple wrap is 7.99, that's a meal near by.
5	This is a tiny grab and go version of the delicious locally owned Dilly's Delis around the valley.  Of course it is no where near the menu of the actual restaurants they have outside of the airport, but obviously that is because it is a Kiosk in an airport.  The wraps are delicious and better than most of the larger restaurants in the airport by far in my opinion.  If you are wanting the yummy soups in homemade bread bowls, you will have to drive the 2 miles to University and Hardy Dilly's Deli, but you can still get a great ready to go wrap or sandwich in 2 minutes and still make the flight that has started boarding!  I am thrilled to see little locally owned shops have made it into the sky harbor airport and hope that people will remember that they are in fact supporting local establishments and not the big chains found at most airports!
4	Just a small shop at the airport. They have sandwiches, salads, and a whole variety of drinks you can shop to.  Overpriced, but isn't everything at the airport?  I think I was flying United, so its probably close to those gates.I grabbed a salad and a bottle smoothie drink, not much to rave or complain about, food looked fresh and tasted decent.
4	Solid take-out wraps to bring with you on the plane!!! Delicious!
3	Generous portions, simple foods that are quick between flights and easy enough to bring with you on the plane. It is a much better option for me than bags of chips, chocolate bars and all the assorted garbage that is readily available in airports. It was a nice change up.
1	My husband and I purchased an overpriced salad and sandwich at Dilly's in the Phoenix airport on our way to Baltimore. As I was eating my salad on the flight, I discovered a very-dead moth in my salad. The bug was not wrapped in lettuce, but clearly on display. Needless to say I did not finish my salad and have reached out to the company to express my disgust. In the airport we are beholden to the vendors to provide clean food in a hurry. I will not ever visit this place again. I would suggest no one else do either.
1	For one sandwich it was $8, now don't get me wrong I get that airport food is overpriced but this is just ridiculous. The prices aren't even openly labeled.The sandwich itself was not fresh, the veggies were limp and the bread crumbled into itself. I couldn't even eat half the sandwich before I was covered in bread crumbs. Vendors were too busy talking to each other, so I just looked around, paid and got out of there. Get food elsewhere.
