5	i (thankfully!) found Liz doing a google search for Brazilian blowouts...though i was initially nervous as one might be with a new stylist, Liz immediately set my fears to rest with her extraordinary knowledge and professionalism. this was my first Brazilian blowout, and Liz totally transformed my previously unruly hair into a gorgeous silken mane...I LOVE IT!!! i have been back now for several Brazilians, each one as perfect and long-lasting as the first. though i had initially intended on just the Brazilian treatment, i was so impressed with Liz that i had her cut and style my hair too...best thing i ever did! Liz is a master stylist using only the most advanced cutting techniques...all her cuts are very up to date and absolutely on-trend. now i receive compliments on my hair everywhere i go, from complete strangers!  even my teenage daughter is hooked on Liz, and won't let anyone else touch her hair! if you are considering a new stylist, or maybe just a change, you absolutely must try Liz, i guarantee you will NOT be disappointed!!!
5	Liz is a great stylist. One stop shop. She does hair, nails, make-up, etc. Its good to have someone like this on your team. I didn't know what I wanted to do with my hair for my wedding. So she consulted me on what would look good on me based on my face and various aspects of the day that I didn't expect. For months prior to the wedding she helped prep my hairstyle, showed me some supplements to help my hair grow more full. Her suggestions were right on the money. On the big day, all her suggestions were totally right. I would highly recommend her to my girlfriends.
5	OMG I'm so glad I came to Liz! I've had trouble finding the right stylist for the past 7 years since I've been in Vegas. I'm not great at handling hair so I needed someone to hold my hand . There are several great things about her; 1. She gives you her honest and professional opinion of what kind of look is right for YOU. 2. She has confidence in her work. 3. She took the time to educate me on how to take care of the look she's given me. 4. She does a rocking job! 5. She answered all my questions without making me feel like a looser for not knowing. 6. And of course she has a great attitude while she works her magic. What more do you need? Liz knows what shes doing and I'm definitely going back!
