2	THEY SUCK! Phil is the ONLY ONE that knows what he is doing. They call to tell you new lenses are ready. You drop off your frames. they tell you about a day and they will call you Three days later no on calls. I call and I'm told they were damaged during tinting so they had to reorder another set of lenses. I understand things happen but NO CALL, no follow up. When I ask why no one called me to tell me this the response was "it wasn't me you dropped them with", "I don't know why no one called you." This is POOR customer service. And this wasn't the first time this has happened. This is the 3rd time! DONE.
3	I've talked to management and had a better experience from my previous review.
2	The customer service is so bad here. You walk in and you're not greeted. I've had 3 separate occasions to be here and never once was I greeted. No one looks up to speak. When you finally do catch someones attention they simply tell you to sign in. They may or may not be working with a customer. You sign in, then they acknowledge you, even if no one else is in the store!! The only reason they do not have 1 star is because they have a large variety of frames and the prices for frames are reasonable. As far as getting your lenses I felt those prices were high even for their basic lens without any upgrades. I don't have vision insurance so eyeglass world it is but it is definitely not my first pick and wouldn't recommend them to anyone I like.
1	Place is terrible.  Takes 45 minutes to pick up glasses. More than 2 weeks to have glasses made.  Awful customer service, was standing by the front desk for 15 minutes before being told to sit down for another half hour.  Out of control. Paid nearly $400 for glasses to be treated terribly.
1	This is a horrible place and surprisingly still in business. We paid 800 dollars for eyeglasses and were treated terribly to say the least. The wait is incredibly long, and the service is non existent. The lady who greets you over the phone and in person is very rude and has major social issues. I do not recommend this experience and store to anybody at all. Save yourself some time, energy and money.
4	This is an updated review....Their customer service really shines with their management and senior leadership team. They recognized the service they provided was poor and went above and beyond to rectify that situation. Based on my experience with management alone I would recommend this location to someone else.
4	Josh was great!  My wife and I both received a pair of glasses and am going back for sunglasses.  Insurance accepted without a problem and he took the extra time to make sure the fit was correct.  Actually good prices even on the designer frames.  Compared to lenscrafters they are MUCH more affordable.  Unfortunately selection is a little limited, however still a nice selection.
5	This place has excellent customer service  excellent Selection of lenses for women not so much for men. My husband had his eyes checked here the optometrist he is the  most thorough eye doctor I have ever seen. He did test on my husbands eyes I have never even seen before! I was very impressed! When it came time for my husband to pick his eyeglasses my husband took more than an hour in questions and comments and the staff was still patient with him and smiling.
3	My eye doctors choice of frames was a joke, so I headed here expecting just to look at frames to see what choices they had but not expecting that I'd purchase anything because It's stupid of me to buy full price when I have insurance. Luck would have it, they accepted my insurance (even though my directory says otherwise) so I was able to actually shop. The staff was super nice and eager to help. We worked with Josh who was just as happy as I was that I could shop using my insurance ( he was awesome). They do have the two for 78 sale which looked very limited on selection. If you don't have insurance the frames are slightly high in price, but competitive. The only thing I noticed is that they had an abundance of  Sarah Palin type glasses which was the style a few years ago so I wondered if they were a "few years" behind on product but I was told it was making it a come back (I dunno bout that). I was looking for square black glasses that are trendy right now and had to shop the men's section. I was offered the half off on my second pair so I purchased a pair of sunglasses, I had no issues finding a good pair as they had a really good selection. My sunglasses are 10 days out but my eye glasses they were able to return 45 min later. We left though and came back and holy hell it was busy. I had to wait an hour to get them. In the end I paid like $315.00 for two pairs of glasses which included insurance. I'd say that's pretty good considering my husband paid that same price at our eye doctors for one pair (yikes). I feel like this place is worth it if they have your style of glasses. I have never seen the optometrist here so have no comment on that. I'd say it's worth the stop though if you are eye glass shopping, because they do have a wide variety of frames for both men and women, just depends if you'll be able to find your style.
5	Holy Canolli Batman! Great selection, affordable prices, friendly service and fast turn around on glasses and repairs! Toni and Mark are spectacular for your spectacle needs! What?!?!?!?! That's right!
