5	I've been going here at least once a week with coworkers lately. This is definitely the best sit down restaurant in Apache Junction. The salsa is absolutely addicting, the servers are friendly (and technologically advanced with their neat little electronic order pads), and the food is plentiful and delicious. I like to get the chicken breast lunch meal when I go for lunch, and have yet to find a definitive favorite when going to dinner, since that is more rare. They're really good about bringing your food out quickly when you mention you're on your lunch break.They need to sell the salsa in bottles!
4	I have been going to this place for almost 5 years now and it has always been good. From the time you walk in and notice the great decorations and the smells of sizzling fajitas. You are greeted by friendly staff people who actually seem happy to see you and then are given a choice of where you would like to sit. They do offer seating outside on the patio but the inside is best given it is usally over a 100 during the summer time and they always keep it nice and cool. The menu is not very large and features old school Mexican fare such as tacos, burritos, and rice and beans. Now if that was all they offered I would still suggest going there. One of the things that makes this place really great is the fact that they give you Free Fresh chips AND salsa!! How about that?? No over priced stale tortilla chips and jar pace picante sauce, but great tasting free food ( not normally seen hence the reason for the caps). They have a full bar stocked with every kind of mood altering beverage you could want to pour down your throat to chase that extra cheesy mouth full of queso dip you are going to want to order as a starter. Warm with a little bit of spice to give it a little kick it is the best way to get your dinner started right. If you are really in the mood for a few drinks, some great food for the after work crowd or a nice family style sit and eat some good food type place then this is the spot for you. (NOTE) Make sure to go there during happy hour as the drinks are much cheaper and the SUPER BIG nachos are half off. They also serve breakfast on Sunday if you are looking for a new Sunday breakfast joint.
5	My brother took me here when I was out visiting. He really liked this place so we went here. I ordered the green chili and corn tamales and loved them! They had a kind of sweet and spicy taste to them. They were soft and delicious! This place is a little pricey, but very tasty and awesome service! We sat outside and there is a really nice waiter out there but I cannot remember her name. I would love to go here again the next time I visit AZ. P.S.... my brother is a crazy white boy.
3	Los Gringos is a good place to stop before heading out on the Apache Trail.  My husband and I stopped by the family-owned place and ordered up some delicious tex-mex style food.  The food is cheap and delicious and the large rooms make it feel like a Chevy's or other chain tex-mex place you're used to eating at already. Friendly service - and check out the electronic ordering pads!
4	excellent views of the mountains, very laid back atmosphere with a very attentive staff, overall a good place to spend a relaxing lunch
4	I'm a hard-cord SoCal foodie, so coming to the 'junction in the A-Z isn't always a culinary delight.  Gotta say, I was really pleasantly surprised by this place.  The food is well-prepared, tex-mex style - more veggies, citrus, not as much lard/grease.  Portions are decent size (not "bistro"), and the service is spot-on. The kitchen has clearly got its act together.  Our stuff arrived relatively quickly - done to perfection - and piping hot.  They've got outside seating, which looks pretty nice, and the full bar doesn't hurt either.  Price?  Very reasonable.  Triple Z snap from me - we'll be back.
4	After some Hobby Lobby shopping with my dtr., sis, and mom, we headed to this place. First of all I was shocked there was this type of restaurant in AJ. Friendly greeting right away is always a plus. Chips and salsa came right away and were yummy.My daughter asked for hot sauce and it wasn't very good, so we stuck to the salsa. Our waitress came, took our drink orders and left us to peruse the menu which had a very nice selection of food. Our drinks came, dtr. and sis had a beer, mom had a margarita on the rocks with ice, and I ordered a frozen strawberry margarita. Egads, I should have stayed with my usual" on the rocks" as my margarita was the only bad thing of my experience here. It got a 1 out of 10 limes. I was encouraged to send it back but decided just to drink it...should have sent it back. It tasted like the bartender used a really bad margarita mix, and the strawberry did not seem fresh at all. Yuck Yuck.On to the food-with all the choices I still stuck with my favorite item to order, a chile relleno plate. It was very good. It arrived hot and cheesy. Sometimes at mexican restaurants the food arrives semi-hot and the cheese has already started to "harden". My dtr. had a bean chimichanga and said it was good. My mom had cheese enchiladas and said they were ok.  My sis had a chimichanga and beer...she said the chimi was good but the beer was kind of warm. The restaurant is cute, and our waitress was very nice. If my margarita had been good I could have given 5 stars easy.
2	The salsa sucked.  The food was ok.  Being a native Arizonan I am hard to fool.  When you look at the clientele dining here you will know what I mean....
2	Yelp was not so helpful on our food hunt in Apache Junction. We went on a nice hike and found ourselves very hungry. Rather than driving back to Phoenix to eat, we decided to YELP search out something yummy and well reviewed in the area. Mexican sounded appealing, so Los Gringos won out.We arrived quickly and found ample parking (as if we wouldn't in Apache Junction). We were seated quickly and offered drinks. About 15 minutes passed without our water. We were quite parched from the hike and the heat and desperately wanted water. Do I need to get it myself? Finally, when I was about to trip the waitress, she noticed us looking like cacti and brought us water. She apologized and took our order. Enchilada Poblano and a grande burrito.It seemed like forever until our food came. We also had to ask for water refills several times. It seemed like the wait staff just disappeared for long stretches at a time. The wrong dish was served to me, though it ended up looking far better than what did finally arrive. The food was average. I cannot say that I was impressed and I also can not say it was bad. It just filled my belly but did not make me jump for joy. I do not think Mexican usually does, but I was hoping.Overall, meh is about right. I was terribly disappointed by the service, despite them all being very nice. I just expect to not be forgotten for 10 plus minutes at a time. I will not be back here.... but I will also not likely be back in Apache Junction. I recommend you try another place in Apache Junction, though, if you are looking for something good.
4	Good Happy Hour with discount apps and drinks.  Enjoyed the chips and salsa with hot sauce on the side.  The mini chimi platter app was delicious.  Would be five stars except prices were a tad high even with the Happy Hour discount.
4	This resturaunt is a diamond in the rough. Los is one of the best sit down Mexican food restaurants I have found in the East Valley. The ambiance is great, and the restaurant is often frequented by a live mariachi band.I have tried many dishes and everything has been great, my personal favorites being the carnitas plate and the carne asada plate.I would reccomend this resturaunt to anyone who wants great Mexican food at a decent price!
5	The food is always excellent and the service is great as well.  They have the best chips and salsa in the valley.  A nice outdoor patio too!
4	Love the salsa, can't beat it if you like it somewhat mild.   Chips and salsa plus the hot salsa are free, and refilled in a snap.  Food is excellent and the menu varied.   Never been disappointed.It is always clean, outside patio with mist and a smoking section, TVs throughout the bar area.  Service has been terrific.  Food is served hot and with fresh ingredients.  Parking on private lot, well lit.
1	It was okay last year - nothing great but nothing bad.  Maybe it's because we've had some pretty great food this last year, but we weren't pleased with this place and will not return..  The food on the plate ran together.  It looked like soup.  We couldn't even make out the enchiladas as they were covered with the rice and soup-like sauce.   It was an awful presentation.  The sauce around the edges of the plate looked like it had been overcooked and burned.  The meat in the taco was seasoned really weird.  It was awful.  I couldn't eat it.  We love Mexican food and this place is at the bottom of the barrel.  The service was slow and food took forever.
2	Mediocre, corporately-bland Mexican food (as one would expect from a chain restaurant, even though Los Gringos apparently isn't). The perky waitress either didn't deliver my simple request to the kitchen or they ignored it: I asked for my Chimichanga extra crispy, it arrived soft and doughty. Good chips & salsa, but that should be a given. Wouldn't go back and can only assume the diners giving four or five stars to Los Gringos have never had top flight Mexican. It you think the Olive Garden is good Italian food, this might be the place you; otherwise steer clear.
4	I really like this place! Since we live in Tucson and my mom lives in Gold Canyon, this is my girls and I favorite place to dine when we're in the area.I have never had a bad meal here! The service is usually pretty good but sometimes you have to ask more than once for something. I think they have the best green corn tamales I've ever had! (way better than Tucson Tamale Company's tamales)  The patio is very nice and large so the tables are not jammed together. They have a full bar and the margaritas are YuMmY.
4	After 4 visits here, I feel comfortable saying that this is my favorite Mexican restaurant (thus far) in the area. The food is good, service varies from great to at least decent, and the prices aren't too bad. Full bar with a good selection of beers and mixers. I'm not a margarita drinker but I've been told by several friends that they are great here. The only thing that I've tried that I didn't really care for was the mole sauce which I found too bitter and overpowering. I recommend this place!!!!
4	Los Gringos Locos is my own personal desert oasis in the Far East Valley! This larger-sized, but cozy-feeling restaurant is "just right" if you're looking for a casual Mexican sitdown where you and your friends and family can enjoy loads of complimentary chips and salsa, interesting daily drink specials from a fully stocked bar and an assortment of very tasty south-of-the-border food fare at a price that won't break the bank! Though the menu selections consist mostly of predictable Mexican restaurant favorites, portions are generous and the quality of the food is very good. My personal suggestion is to grab a hot n' flaky, sour cream and guacamole-topped Chimichanga and split it with your significant other! The Chimi, like most of the entrees, comes loaded with lots of meat inside, plus rice and beans on the side, for around $10. With the complimentary chips and salsa, neither you nor your loved one will leave hungry! Plus, you can each toss a mixed drink on the tab and still get out for under $20! Now, that's a "cheap" date that she'll actually thank you for!For a solid and safe choice when it comes to restaurant-quality Mexican food, Los Gringos Locos is certainly an excellent value at the Far-East end of the Phoenix Metro area!
1	I used to go there was good food and the price was reasonable but now the food is sort of fairy and the price is skyrocket. Not worth going there.
1	I went here on mothers day and had to ask for some one to serve us as an apology we was given free soapapeas that was grose tasting....the bread did not seem to be fully cooked and looked like it was sitting around for an hr or two the put in the micowave and served with only a small bit of powdered suger on one part of it. I would not have given a tip so the only thing that save the servers tip was that I was rong about a wab site that I talked to the manager about. I also would have walked out but realy wanted a sangria. The food later made me run for the restroom later on that night.... Iv been here befor in the day time and the service was some what ok. The food was good but if u go at night be there befor 7pm cuz they close at 8pm and at night the service sucks. I realy will not take any of my kinfoke here if they came to vist..I would rather travel to phoenix to arriba mexican grill or makios or garcias or cheveys they are much better. For the people that thought it is not help-full I can bet you work for this awful place....the service sucks big wet green donkey dicks and I hope the owner really thinks about firing the whole staff except for the cooks. . . . Managers and wait stuff can F*#$...off.
3	We only gave LGLG&C 3 stars because we are still deciding...we will need to visit again. On the up side...super clean restaurant, great hot chips quickly arrived with delicious pico and hot sauce, great service by all including Tony who kept our drinks full and was always available when we needed him plus good happy hour prices.On the down side...the nachos were the only food we ordered as we are nacho lovers. But they left us a little underwhelmed especially at $10. The chicken in green chili sauce was delicious but the dry chips, sporadic cheddar cheese and sparse refried beans made for a bit of a disappointment. We prefer a queso blanco over shredded cheddar as the cheddar cools into blobs.We have high hopes for LGLG&C and will visit again and re-yelp our experience.
3	We tried LGLG&C again because I just had to know if they could make the nachos better. As before the restaurant was clean and the staff very friendly.This time we asked for 'cheese sauce' instead of blobs of shredded cheese (to which the waiter grimaced and said, 'that's much better'...he obviously didn't like their standard nachos either).It seemed to be a bit of a big deal as he returned to the table to say, 'it will be a minute they have to get it melted.' But they came out quickly and were delicious! We have been popping in for nachos as we run around town and haven't had time for a full meal, once we do I'll update my star rating.
4	Lots (tons) of tequilas to chose from, many TVs in bar dining area. Has a main dining area also, as well as an outdoor patio with  mist system & umbrella shades, and I do believe a smoking area.  In winter they have the huge gas heating lamps.  The chips and salsa are complementary and refills are gladly given.  The food is traditional gringo-mexicano, (I like mild spiciness, so I can't say if their hotter items are for the true Mexican food lover). It is very similar to Macayo's, but less expensive. Always served hot and fresh, so food coming to your table is a little slow at times.  I always get the chimichanga with beef.  I tried the lime shrimp which was tasty but 6 medium sized crustacians with a huge bed of boring rice for $14 was not a great meal. They have a green horney enchilada which is very good.  The fried ice cream is about $5 and  a decent sized scoop.
3	We have visited LGLG&C twice in the last month. Both times sitting on the patio and found that the service on the patio was SO BAD that we swore we would never go back. Bad service on top of high prices  are not a good combination, even if the food is good.BUT after an even worse experience at another local mexican restaurant tonight we put our tails between our legs and went over the LGLG&C to give it one last chance as we were hungry for Mexican food and it was close. This time when we walked in I politely told the sweet hostess that we wanted to sit on the patio but we have always had HORRIBLE service out there and we needed her help to make sure we get a good waiter/waitress who will not leave us to fend for ourselves.She was VERY receptive assured us that she would make sure everyone knew, and she did. Our waitress was incredibly attentive, I wish I remembered her name, I would recommend her, but I did make sure her manager knew that she had single handedly changed our impression of their restaurant. Also, this time around at LGLG&C there was a lovely woman walking around making sure everyone was happy and a nice man came around shaking hands. It felt like a place you wanted to be as opposed to avoid, which was becoming our opinion. I don't know if this show of enthusiasm was because the neighborhood 'squeaky wheel' was squealing (me) or if it has become standard, but it was a great move in  our book!:)It will take more than one good experience for me to change my opinion to 4 stars, but tonight was definitely a step in the right direction. I hope they will keep stepping up their game!I hope they don't let this place run itself during the summer only to come to town to make sure it's up to standards during the busy season. If that's the case hopefully they will read this and reconsider or hire a strong summer manager as it's the locals that make or break your restaurant.One last suggestion for LGLG&C: You charge a premium for your food, but the food is good and I don't mind paying for good food if the service is also good. The only suggestion I would add is that the abundance of beer flags hanging around the patio flapping in the wind really cheapen the setting. Take that part for what it's worth, the tacky flags won't keep me from going back, but they might keep me from taking out of town guests or business associates. Just a thought, I wish you well:)
4	Good food!! Great prices for breakfast.
1	for thoughs that are giving this place good service reviews wate till u have to run for the restroom later. This place is not a very good place to eat and there are much better places to eat at. I stopped goin here a long time ago. good redens. and i dont care if you think it not usefull.
1	This place is still open because the snowbirds don't know what real Mexican food is all aabout and there is no where else in AJ to eat.  If you have a car there is no reason to eat here at all.
2	We lived in Apache Junction 1995-2002 and Los Gringos Locos had already opened and we tried it once and never went back. The next ten years we lived in central Mexico in a wonderful artsy historic community called San Miguel de Allende, before having to move back to the US for medical reasons. We actually like our Mexican food a bit gringoized, so the name of this restaurant grabbed us.Los Gringos Locos is very close to us and we saw their ads that they had brunch on weekends, so we decided to try it out.So sorry we did, the service was horribly bad. The booth tables are so flimsy and crowded that we were pushing ours around like a coffee table that wouldn't stay in place whenever we shifted our elbows.We finally got chips and an okay pico de gallo, though there was never any question of whether we'd like a chips refill, and the empty bowl sat there by the edge of our table, waiting to be picked up or refilled, for at least half an hour until we were almost done eating while various bus boys and our waiter sauntered by without looking down or around. Most places all the service people look at the customers to see if something is needed; not here. I finally piled straw wrappers and Splenda envelopes into the empty bowl so that it looked over-ready to be picked up and finally it was.It took 15 minutes from our finishing our coke and iced tea before our waitress asked if we wanted refills. Hey, our food hasn't even arrived yet--ya think? It was Sunday morning and various tables and booths near us were church goers who held hands and prayed loudly over their food, which always arrived long before the silverware. Same with us--we had to request our forks and napkins.Our waitress was a sloppy grouch to start with, just as well she disappeared most of our visit. I would have liked being asked how things were so that I could request some hot sauce before I was two-thirds done with my meal. I got a green chili chimichanga which I actually liked a lot. Let that not be forgotten in this mostly negative review. I'd come back for this dish alone, and there were other things on the menu I'd like to try. Maybe on my own. My partner ordered a shredded beef chimachanga and she said the meat filling was kind of gelatinous, like from a really cheap Chinese dive. She was disappointed for a long time afterward while I was licking my lips long afterwards.The two burrito platters and cokes came to $35 with taxes--we could have gone to PF Chang's or the Cheesecake Factory and had decent chain food for that price. Serrano's has better food for much less money.Over-priced, lousy service, erratic food quality, and the whole place was so noisy, with a screaming baby punctuating the praying and loud conversations bouncing off the too-bare walls, that we won't be going back. Too bad, we'll drive the eight miles more to Serrano's on Power and Superstition Springs. Still, those huevos rancheros sounded good, though, and I'd like another green chili chimichanga some day. I'd ask for a table, and look around to make sure no prayer group was convening nearby, and have really low expectations on service.
4	this place is great. been going here for years and have never had anything to complain about. when we go to arizona to visit my parents we almost always eat here.
4	Had the enchiladas poblanos with the wifey... my two favorite kinds of hot and spicy!
4	This is one of the only restaurants I actually eat at in Apache Junction that is not fast food.The food is delicious...I do think it can be a bit expensive for what you get but I've always had really good service and the food I order is always delicious.  I love love love the chips and salsa!  The carne asada is really good!  I've had the guacamole that is made table side and that was also really good!  The cheese crisp is also very good!
2	Nothing to get excited about.  The food is OK but don't go out of your way to visit this place....the prices are a little expensive for what you get and the food isnt any better than what you get at Filbertos.  At least the dinning room is nice, clean, and comfortable.  (unlike many other places in AJ).
4	Came here with a large group after a day of tubing on the Salt. The bartender did a great job of accommodating any request we had and the happy hour prices were great!For dinner I had the Camarones Verdes, a delicious shrimp and poblano chile dish that was not only pleasing to the tongue but also to the eye. Every part of the dish was perfect - the green rice was beautifully plated and deliciously spiced with the poblanos. Every piece of shrimp was cooked just right and so flavorful.We were admittedly a large and rowdy crowd but were treated nicely and our service was great. Thankfully there was another large group (baby shower??) in the same room as us so we weren't the only loud ones in the place. Our young and obviously new server told me it was the first time he'd ever served such a large party and I can say he was GREAT! He honored all requests and kept his wits and sense of humor about the whole thing and our crazy group!Los Gringos Locos was a welcome spot for us after a long day in the sun and a place I'd be happy to come back and visit.
5	great tacos.  service is excellent. I called my order in and it was ready when I arrived. I took a picture. awesome
4	Came here with a huge group recently. We had 65+ people on the patio and the wait staff handled it like champs. I bought some tasty burrito that's supposed to be the best seller there and enjoyed my beer, but I wish you had craft beer. The patio is very nice & everyone was older so it was pretty chill there.
4	There are not many restaraunts in Apache Junction that are clean, not packed wall to wall with snow birds, and serve decent food.  I realise I may be missing out but I tend to avoid restaraunts in older buildings with dirt lots.  There are a lot of those in AJ,  That being said, Los Gringos Locos is a new building in a nice parking lot, with lots of nice clean things inside and out of it.  That gets me in the door.  The food is ok there.  I have never had anything great there, or anything even better than average.  It is normal "chain" restaraunt mexican food.  It's ok. I think a lot people go there because of the building, and service.  Top notch.  Not because of the food which is mediocre.
2	I wasn't that impressed.  But we might have just gone on a bad night.  The waiter told us that their computers were down so they were doing everything by hand.  So our waiter took our order (and didn't write anything down).  We got one meal that was slightly wrong (ground beef instead of shredded beef) and our appetizer came out with our entrees.  The food was just okay...I've had better.  Not likely to go back.
4	Decent Mexican food. Always have had great service. My husband and I usually split a meal and that fills is up no problem. Lobe their salsa.
2	Not a fan.  I'm used to authentic Mexican I didn't find it here.  Moreover, the service was lackluster.  I was alone and no one greeted me for about 5 minutes.  After I was seated no one came around for another 5 minutes. The carne asada was average and I finally got a refill on my soda after I had finished my meal.  I won't be back.
5	We were tight on time so we stopped here for a late lunch after stumbling along Rt 88 for several hours.We sat on the patio. A very vibrant lunch crowd.  We were greeted immediately and drinks came quickly. Order was taken by a very polite, young man.  Our 3 orders of Diablo Enchiladas arrived. Excellent!A very nice oasis on a dusty trail. Being from NH, we don't get the greatest of Mexican cuisine. This was very good and memorable!
2	We only stopped in for a drink but the margaritas had to be the worst I've ever had. I honestly don't think there was any alcohol in it at all it or it was completely watered down. The chips and salsa were very good. The bartenders weren't the mist friendly but they weren't the worst. I probably wouldn't ever go here again.
4	This is one of our favorite Mexican restaurants.  The chips, salsa and the fajitas are exceptional.   We have always had good service even with a large crowd.
1	Don't waste your time.  Blah food, horrible service, the waiter was very nice but seemed way over worked.  The salsa had zero taste, my daughters cheese quesadilla was dripping in grease, they never brought her sour cream, but charged us for it.  My husband and I shared fish tacos and they were BLAND, the menu said they came with "special sauce" but when they came there wasn't any sauce, we asked for it but never got it.
2	My friend Keri and I visited for Taco Tuesday in hopes of some excellent tacos. The salsa was mild with little to no heat, but we anticipated it with the name of the establishment. I ordered a ground beef taco that had an abundance of onions in it. I ended up not being able to consume it, since I generally do not care for onions. Tolerating a little for added flavor is one thing, but when there is more onions than beef then it becomes a issue. The server just cleared the plates without asking if something was wrong. I don't anticipate us returning in the future, there are far better Mexican eateries out there.
3	This is definitely Americanized Mexican food.The good: beautiful decor, great atmosphere, friendly staff, and fast service. The bad: not as authentic as other places, a little more expensice than other places in the area, overall a few steps above On The Border.If you're from the Midwest and want to stay within your comfort zone, this will be the best Mexican you've ever had. If you want to experiment and try real authentic Mexican, this isnt the place. Still the staff was friendly and great atmosphere with lots of menu options
3	We have almost never been disappointed here and know what to expect. Most of the servers are very nice, service isn't always the fastest but as long as the food is hot when it comes out that's ok. The chips and salsa are typical if a American/Mexican restaurant and so is the food.
3	Had the chili releno and white corn tamale. Yummo! For a mainstream Mexican restaurant the food was good still good. Just a bit too pricey when you can get the same or better at other places.
4	The best chips and salsa I have had in Arizona.   I buy it from the restaurant for parties at my house.  I am a regular lunch patron.  You can't beat taco Tuesday.  The tacos are large and filling.  The hard taco shell stays crispy as opposed to some other places I have been where the shells have been soggy.
5	Exceptional service here and delicious tacos! A la carte all day long! Great price too.
5	The best Chimis ever.    Delicious.   And great customer service.   We are regulars there.
5	Always exceptional service. Food is always fresh and orders arrive correctly. We eat here on average a couple times a month and have been for a few years now. The owners are unlike any others you will find anywhere!! I would highly suggest the Chicken Tortilla Soup (love the presentation), the fajitas, the Watermelon Margarita, or the taquitos. The salsa and hot sauce are also not-to-be-missed!
5	Awesome food and service!  The mucho grande quesadilla is what I ordered and it was SO good!  Great drink prices too-$3.50 for a draft beer and $4.00 for a decent sized margarita.  The food was taking awhile but before we had a chance to say anything, our waiter apologized and gave us $10 off our bill.  I think we have found a new favorite.
3	Second experience here was not good, especially since the first time was only a few days ago.  The service sucked, chimichanga was ok but the chili queso dip was awful.  Tasted like melted cheese slices.  And the nachos looked like they had been microwaved five times...pretty disappointed.
2	We have been going here for years. Service is ok, but the food has gone downhill. Too bad. Use to love this place.
4	The place really is a gem.. Outside patio, great chips good salsa and they have a deal that if you join their club and sample all their tequilas you get a cartoon caricature with your name painted on a wall inside the bar. Food is usually good (but inconsistent), service during the summer was awesome. Service during the winter is obviously not as good. Always clean, nice fresh atmosphere and reasonable prices. Separate restaurant area from the bar for family dinning and the patio always works on mild days. I hope they can regroup in the kitchen and get the servers trained so they can get the consistency back on track. I rated them for their past not present conditions in the hope they will get it together. Oh and Elise was awesome as a waitress.
3	They have a good happy hour. Quesadilla flavor was good but tortilla needed to be crispier.
4	Good food and service. We've been here for lunch and dinner. Will keep coming back when here in aj
2	Disclaimer: I'm from Vancouver and have not been immersed in Mexican food my entire life. But, I do know good food from bad food, and our last meal was not good food.I ordered the vegetarian quesadillas. On the menu, it states they are grilled vegetable quesadillas. I love smoky grilled veg and was really excited for my meal. Yeah... they weren't grilled. They took a cheap, mixed bag of generic veg (carrots and celery, REALLY?), sauteed them in some butter, and popped them on a tortilla with cheap, nasty cheese. They didn't even cut them all the way through.Service was good once our server got to us. We were left at our table for a solid 10 minutes before our server came by to grab drink orders and bring chips and salsa. I like the patio with the water feature out back.Overall, disappointing experience that doesn't warrant a return visit.
2	Have been going here for 10 years. My wife really likes the Camarones Baja (sauteed shrimp). But this time full of salt. Sent it back; next batch just as bad and inedible. Server and manager apologized, but no offer of replacement or even a dessert. Was a chef mistake. Just took the item off the bill. I didn't make a ruckus in the crowded dining room, but very unhappy. And the vegetables were oily too. Maybe it is time for a change.
5	I've been coming here for New Years night for like since we moved here I think 12 years it's always a nice place great atmosphere like can't recommended enough it's really good place to eat share some food with your friends it's gteat
4	Great place great service Michelle is an amazing Waitress,  you will given great service for sure if you are fortunate enough to have her as your waitress!
