5	Recently I was in a car accident and my insurance company was unable to cover the charges to repair my vehicle.  I took my car to about 6 different auto body businesses around town, and each place gave me an estimate ranging from $3,500 to $5,000.  When I took my car to Ivey Auto Body, the guy gave me an estimate of only about $2,250.  I was initially skeptical because the price was so much lower than other auto shops, but I let the guy work on it, and now the car looks as good as new!  He charged me the exact amount that was given to me as an estimate, and  moreover, he replaced a burnt-out bulb in my headlight for free.I feel the other auto body places were somewhat taking advantage of me, but Ivey did a great job for an unbeatable price.
5	I got a scratch on my boyfriend's car and took it into Ivey to get an estimate of what it would cost to fix. He offered to see what we could get out by buffing the scratch. After ten minutes the scratch was gone and he refused to let me pay him for his time. I plan to go to Ivey's for any future car needs.
5	I put one heck of a scratch in the side of my boyfriend's car. I thought Ivey's Yelp review was a little too good to be true but I took the car there anyway. The minute I pulled in Mr. Ivey was there to help me. He wasn't sure how deep the scratch was but he offered to buff it for me just to see what could be done. He spent 15 minutes buffing the scratch and it was like it was never there. When I asked him how much for the service he told me it was free. I offered to at least pay him for his time since I didn't have an appointment and was taking away from paying costumers. He wouldn't even let me do that. He just asked I remember him if I got in an accident. Ivey's quality of work is superb and I can recommend him wihtout hesitation.
5	I recently had a few small problems that I took my car in for (hood sticking up for unexplained reasons, door stuck shut because it had been stuck open and I thought I could fix the problem using wood screws. Note to self: only use screws on the material for which they were named.)   Anyways, the guy didn't make fun of me too much and had my car fixed by the end if the day for not as much money as I thought. I would definitely take my car there again.
5	Ivey Auto Body Specialist is a little nondescript body shop near University Avenue that you might easily miss if you are not looking out for it. I had to look up Google Maps a couple of times to be certain where it is. However, don't let its appearance fool you. Though small, it offers both professional and affordable service - vital qualities for college studentsI was borrowing my friend's car (Honda Civic) when I accidentally scratched the front bumper. I felt really bad about it so I wanted to pay out of of pocket to fix it. I saw the reviews that Ivey Auto Body Specialist had on Yelp and decided to give it a try.I brought the car in and meet Doug. Doug was very friendly and professional. He did a fantastic job fixing the scratch on the front bumper of the car. He was both accurate about the cost estimate (not a penny more) and the time estimate (12 noon sharp the next day). Additionally, he also noticed that there was a small dent at the front of the bumper and fixed that too.Needless to say, I was very pleased with the work that he had done. I'd highly recommend you pay Doug a visit the next time you need to have your car fixed. He definitely knows what he is doing and is very good at it. As other Yelpers have noted, the price is more reasonable than what you would get from other places in town.
5	Our car got hit and needed a paint job on the front bumper.  We took it in for an estimate, and brought it back the next week to get it worked on.  The car was finished in ONE day and for the exact amount of the estimate.  No fuss.  Totally recommend.
5	Top flight service, excellent work. Two cars damaged within a week due to winter weather. They had me into the shop in no time, and it was finished when he said it would be.This is what a body shop should be--low overhead, no frills, but amazing work.Highly Recommended.
5	Great place! Had my entire bumper replaced after a winter collision. Prices are very reasonable. Best price I found in Champaign area. Great service, the guys are awesome. I'll use Ivey again if I ever need to in the future! He got the part in next day, which was 2-3 days sooner than what he told me. Car was finished the day after I dropped it off
