4	I really enjoyed doing my nails here! Typical prices for manicures/pedicure ($12 mani, $25 pedicure or $35 for both). They were fast though they do try to just file down your nails. I asked for mine to be trimmed. Overall, it was nice (not amazing), but I enjoyed the service. I'd go back! Seemed clean with sterilized equipment. Since they are downtown, they give you free parking at the lot across the street (for services that are $10 or more). You have to pay for it first and they will give you a discount in your bill.
5	They did a really great job!
1	i was the only customer in the salon so you would think it would have been good service, but i got a man and he was still rushed for some reason and did a terrible job. i had to file my own nails because they were all crooked. the polish is very sloppy (must not have been a 'color inside the lines' kind of guy), and i got shellac to prevent chipping of course and my nails werent even hard and one of my nails is cracked (didnt even know that was possible). luckily i had a gift certificate so i didn't have to pay full price...but i still had to pay $15 and it was definitely not even worth that.
5	Ran in to get a quick polish change. They were fairly busy and still managed to get me in and out in good time- while still doing a fantastic job with quality and customer service! The prices are very reasonable as well ($6- polish change/ $8 for toes), and they are in good spot right on campus. Megan did my nails, and we talked the whole time. She suggested several colors without me ever asking. (Talk about customer service!) She was super- grab her if you can!
1	I absolutely hate Campus Nails. Their practices disgust me. They don't bother to clean up the bits of everyone's nails flying everywhere and hitting my face, and they don't sanitize their tools in between clients. Do they even have an autoclave? I had French UV nails done here and the nail artist was anything but. She didn't clean or file or prep my nails as every other nail salon in the world does, so I had to ask to have that done. She glued nails too wide for my actual nails so that they stuck to my skin. Her boss saw the job she did and started yelling at her. It was that bad. The shaping looked like utter shit. I didn't ask for nails that I could flip a frying egg with. At the end of it all, I asked why they didn't do the French like I had asked for, and they looked at me, bewildered. They told me it wasn't something they did but I could add it on as a separate treatment (not free of course), which was totally contradictory to what they told me at the beginning when I asked them what this option WRITTEN on their service menu was. Ugh. Disgusting. So the boss was pissed at her incompetent serf and offered to make it a GENEROUS $35 instead of the $40. Stupid suids. Fuck you.
