5	Cora is fantastic for breakfast. It is a fast growing Quebec restaurant chain for breakfast and lunch. Breakfast is the bomb. They service fresh crepes with all types of fresh fruits and berries. I had crepes with filled with honey and sweet creme topped with a ton of red raspberries. So good. Cute waiters here, as this location is in the heart of the gay village. I have also been to the one in Victoriaville.
1	Ewwww.... this place is NOT so good.  Rubbery crepes, overcooked everything, SUPER sweet fruit toppings. Big, ridiculous menus...  It's like IHOP but in Canada.  The food quality is REAL bad.  Stick with bagels for breakfast if you're in Montreal. Or coffee and croisant.
1	With so many better breakfast places to go to in the city, there's no reason to go to Quebec's version of Denny's. Okay, it's better than Denny's but the food is greasy, the place is dirty, and it's overpriced. Luke B.'s review hit the nail on the head except not everything is overcooked - the two times I've eaten there, the potatoes were practically raw.  People don't seem to mind though since there's often lineups on weekends.
5	This place is delicious!  And, best of all, when they say "fresh fruit" on the menu, they actually mean fresh fruit!  I am from New York and I am used to all fruit usually tasting pretty much the same at restaurants.  But here, each kind of fruit tastes like it should.  And, the crepes are to die for.  I am going to visit Montreal again in a couple weeks and will definitely be paying a visit to Chez Cora!  Plus it is fairly inexpensive, which is good if you are on a budget.  And, this location in the gay part of town, is very safe and clean.  It is also within a couple blocks of the bus station, making it a very convenient stop for travellers.
5	Best breakfast ever. Although, the cinnamon bread was a bit burnt, it still tasted great. They have the freshest fruit and delicious jams. Their bacon was pretty good as well. This is NOTHING compared to IHOP. I usually get a weird aftertaste with IHOP pancakes but not with the food here. Although, there was a bit of a wait, it was totally worth it. I don't remember the name of the item I ordered, but it came with cinnamon bread, an egg (that was rather small), bacon and fresh fruit. It was very filling and all around delicious. I tried my bf's crepes and although I can understand how they can be rubbery, they were not overly sweet like the ones I've eaten in America. I would def. come back again!
3	Fun menu and good food, it was nice for a quick breakfast. I got a crepeomlete(eggs, spinach, and cheddar wrapped in a crepe and covered in hollandaise) and it tasted good. The service was prompt but the waitress seemed a bit reluctant to speak english to us. The presentation was very neat though, the towers of cut fruit looked incredible! For a local-seeming chain it is definitely a good choice
3	Went here for breakfast with the boyfriend. Great service, the waffle I ordered was huge with lots of fruit, but I wasn't impressed.  The price for two was reasonable. If you want breakfast later in the morning, this place isn't that bad.
3	Very good western brunch, but a little expensive.
3	Let's start with a story... The experience first started in Montreal in search of the best breakfast... I was in Montreal for a work conference and Rice Bucket came to join me over the weekend for a mini vacation. We were on a mission to find the best brunch in Montreal. The concierge recommended Cora's in Du Village (aka The Gay Village) along Rue Ste-Catherine Est. We did our research and Cora's had raving reviews.  Little did we realize that Cora's was 10 long blocks away from the hotel...We walked the 'East Hastings' of Montreal, we saw cathedrals, poverty, two guys fighting over a backpack, another lying on the side of the street... slightly intrigued yet slightly nervous... Light came on the other side of the tunnel when we arrived Cora's.  The place is filled of sunshine (literally sunny logo, yellow decor and cheerful staff)...  The food is tasty and the egg is truly incredible with so many variations to a hearty breakfast - egg benny, omelette, crepes, waffles; you name it! The portions are huge! Most entrees comes with toast (pre-buttered, and a choice of sourdough, whole grain, white, etc... )... sometimes, you just don't feel like pancakes!Spinach and Cheddar OmeletteOmelette made with bacon, ham, sausages, Frankfurters, bologna, spinach, green onions, tomatoes, onions, red peppers, green peppers, mushrooms and Cheddar, served with roasted potatoes and toast.Eggs Ben et DictineTwo poached eggs on an English muffin covered with Hollandaise sauce, served with roasted potatoes and fresh fruit.The ironic part was this experience was that Dave discovered later at night, Cora's wasn't a stand-alone diner; but was a chain with a franchises all over Canada and one located in Coquitlam (less than 10min walk from home!!) ... oh, irony, how I love you!So... we occasionally return to Cora's not just for a hearty delish brunch but also for nostalgic reasons... sometimes for a good laugh...Apparantely, if you go to Cora's website there was some madness to our adventure...The adventure began in May 1987, when Cora bought a small diner in Montreal's Saint Laurent district. After just a few months of operation, Cora changed the diner mission, making breakfasts her specialty. Combining fruit, cheese, cereal, omelettes, crepes and French toast, culinary magician Cora started a whole new breakfast concept in Quebec. Ham  & Swiss Cheese OmeletteOmelette made with ham and swiss cheese, served with roasted potatoes and toast. 10 Star - Egg in a Skillet au Gratin  Skillet with an egg on a bed of potatoes, served with fresh fruit and toast. Bacon, ham, sausages, Frankfuters, bologna, spinach, green onions, tomatoes, onions, red/green peppers, mushrooms and cheddar.They have daily smoothie specials - today's was mango, pineapple and banana!The table next to us had the bagel with smoked salmon, served with a heaping pile of fruit which looked absolutely amazing and also a cinnamon brioche made French Toast served with an egg, bacon and also more fruits. I guess I know what to order next time I (we) return... au reviour!p.s. come early because this place gets really busy, esp on the weekends!p.p.s. their coffee is apparently more expensive than a Stabucks grande drip coffee...
2	Meh. That about sums up my feelings about Cora. It's interior is bright, the servers are cheery, but the food is a letdown. Bacon was charred and the crepes were poorly done. The two eggs weren't bad, over easy. The coffee was decent too. However, for breakfast, there are better options.
5	I loved this place. My boyfriend and I went here for late breakfast before the Pride Parade, and we arrived just in time to miss a big rush.I got one of their savoury crepes and my boyfriend got blueberry pancakes. A generous portion of various fresh fruits came with my meal. The crepes were yummy, and I liked the sausages that filled them. My boyfriend devoured his entire meal and remarked how good the place was. My boyfriend also go a yogurt-based strawberry milkshake, which he finished within a few minutes of its arrival. I had a little taste of it, and it was divine. Our waitress was pleasant and efficient, and that's fine. I would have liked it if she checked with us more often, but the place was getting busy, so I would give her a pass on this one. The interior decor was okay -- eccentric, but also obviously from a chain restaurant. I'd go back here just for the fresh food alone....
4	I have been to Cora restaurants before and this one pretty much fit the bill. We went here because it was the first breakfast place we happened across and it was warm and inviting. The place is cheerful and the staff were friendly and helpful---always offering coffee or water refills. The great thing about Cora's is the fruit is always plentiful--you will definitely get some of your daily servings here. The crepes are big and full--I especially like their cream sauce. The savoury dishes have fairly large portions as well.I always feel the tables are a bit too close together at Cora's and this location was no different. Overall a good experience though.
5	Cora's might be the same across the board but loved the service at this one.And God knows good service in Montreal is NOT a given. Enjoy!
4	Great spot in the village. Friendly staff, even though they forgot our cutlery. The portions are huge. And the view of St Catherine St is awesome.
4	Very pleasant dining experience. We sat outside on a Sunday morning, and enjoyed everything.
3	I'm rating this location over all a 3 for service but the food and the presentation was excellent. I had the fruit cup with a bagel, a cup of tea (water was Luke warm), a glass of orange juice. I was told at another location that Cora's has access to a Florida orange grove for their juice (it's not fresh squeezed though).
