4	I live downtown so I don't need to come this far to shop. But I did, today, and I was pleasantly surprised. The Rockland Centre is quite large, clean, and has a lot of great stores, shops, and restaurants to offer you - men, women, children, and even our lovely furry friends! I always imagined it would be old and run down, but not at all. I think I just have this flawed perception that anything beyond downtown is part of the stone age. Next time I'm asked to go out there, I probably won't kick and whine so much!
4	Classy mall with marble floors and chandeliers and oversized couches in the food court. It's brightly lit and expansive and full of a good mix of higher end stores, Sephora, Birks, Michael Kors, Browns, as well as your H&Ms and Zaras and Stokes. They also have Vie En Rose, La Senza and La Perla so fun for the sexy shopping times. It's clean and caters to the TMR moms and their kids, ie; designed for long slow browses, back to school sprees, and shopping for formal occasions. Definitely oriented towards the cars and not pedestrians, definitely a big box on the side of a highway. So not particularly soul-enriching but definitely soothing in the retail therapy, floating in a shiney suburbubbley type way.
4	A more high end mall just on the N boundary of Montreal right on the cusp of the 15  and 40.  Check out the SAQ as it's one of the best wine selections for SAQ in Montreal!
4	This is one of the malls I grew up visiting with my parents, and even worked in a couple retail stores here over the years. The mall has undergone a lot of renovations over the years, and the stores have rotated, but there is a consistent feel of quality here. They have a wonderful selection of stores, services, and food court. However if you're hungry, try the sushi place Okane on the first floor near the main entrance. It's better than your typical mall food, just don't expect stellar service.There are multiple levels of parking, but getting there by public transportation isn't the easiest.
3	A good mall, with higher-end stores and a pretty comprehensive food court, and tons of parking. Can't complain about much here, except for the geography. Getting in and out of Rockland can be a royal pain during rush hour because of its location. If you can shop in off-peak hours, you'll like it here.
4	Being an avid shopper, I strive to check out all the potential places one can possibly perform such an activity where ever I happen to live. Although Rockland is annoying to get to sometimes (don't even think about trying to go during rush hour..or high construction times..which is 100% of the time in this city), it is a very nice place to shop. Clean, modern, and full of options ranging from the normal H&M type stores, to the Laura/Melanie Lynn type stores, to the higher ends one like Michael Kors. Not to mention, they also have a La Baie (beware, no furniture section in this one!). They have a decent food court with very nice furnishings and an OK selection of restaurants to pick from. Overall, a cool place to shop...if you can ever get there.
4	J'y vais car c'est proche de chez moi, puis y a un Sephora, la boutique Change et mon cordenier prefere. Une SAQ enorme avec beaucoup de choix! Si non ca resemble a un centre d'achat normal.
