5	A dream come true. I would love to have a place like this in San Francisco. We were eating dinner downstairs in the Public House, and our server Gary mentioned that the awesome cocktail recipes come from the 'lab' upstairs at R&D. When you think about it, a scientific approach to mixology makes even more sense than molecular gastronomy. We were there pretty early on a quiet Thursday night, so we got great personal attention from Richie and Tara. I love the intimate, relaxed feel. We started with the delicious infused-at-your-table gin and tonic and a drink whose name I forget but it involved concentrated "popcorn tincture." We finished up with a very refreshing paint-can shaken lambic sorbet. In addition to the fun and whimsy of the drinks, the taste and textures are a different level of cocktail experience.My wife and I are both scientists, so we chatted a little with Richie about science equipment and where to buy a used centrifuge. This guy is awesome, and I can't say enough good things about the place. If i lived in Scottsdale I would be here every week.
2	"Hey, we have an unused room above the restaurant, what should we use it for?" says one Citizen Public House owner to the other. "I know, lets make it a swanky speakeasy where people have to find it and call the host to get in," says the other Citizen Public House owner. "Yeah! And we can make people wait down there for a while for no reason to make it feel like it is the real deal and the coolest new place in town!""Can we overcharge for every drink?""You bet!"Now, I don't know if it really went down that way. Heck, I don't know if there are even two owners for CPH, but let me tell ya, R+D isn't all that great. My date and I found out about R+D from the bartender at Casablanca down the street and thought R+D sounds like something, lets go check it out. We walked over, talked to the CPH hostess in the main restaurant area and she instructed us to walk around the building to the back, pass the dumpster, go to the bottom of the stairs, read the instructions on the wall, and call the number provided and wait. We were thrilled! What a fun thing! This is like in Swingers when the guys say something like the harder it is to find a bar, the cooler it is.We followed her directions, read the instructions, called the host and were informed they have some room so he will be down shortly. We waited about five minutes and another party of three arrived. It was their first time and they were equally as curious as us, not knowing what to expect. The friendly host calls us up and I joke to my girlfriend this is a set up and we're goners. Before opening the door to the "speakeasy" the host explains how everything will go down. One thing that stuck out was that we were told that drinks are made at table. Cool. We get seated and receive a drink menu. Before perusing the menu I'm thinking I have to bring my out of town friends here next month when they come to visit. All drinks are between $10 and $18, except for the one beer on the menu, which I think was New Castle for $5. Long story, short (too late)...I should have gone with the beer. Instead we order two cocktails. My girlfriend got the Barbi Girl and I forget my drink's name, but it had some dry ice in it. Both drinks were way too fruity and sweet for my liking. Our waitress didn't prepare them at our table like we were expecting, but brought it over from the bar. A little disappointing, but whatever. As we sat there drinking our drinks, looking around the room, we discover one thing. This place is boooooooring! It has a nice decor, very friendly staff, but man...kinda lame. Sorry.Overall, we liked the whole set up as to how you get it, but once you're in you get over it quickly and realize the drinks are just eh (at least ours were) and your getting way overcharged (there is also an automatic 20% service charge, so be aware of that). Frankly, I was hoping to see some bathtub gin on the menu, but no. What kinda speakeasy is this? Oh right, it's not. It's a bar in Scottsdale. I asked my beautiful girlfriend how many stars she'd give it on Yelp and she felt two was appropriate and I agreed.Epilogue: Remember the party of three that waited with us downstairs? They finally made it up ten minutes after we got seated and there were two or three open tables next to us the whole time! Lame. As we exited the bar through the main portion of Citizen Public House we said to each other how this bar seemed way better and wished we just went there. We'll be back for CPH, but not Citizen R+D.
2	I had some high hopes for Citizen R+D. Noticing a revival of classic cocktails and bartenders beginning to take a pride in their craft, I was excited when I heard about the "speakeasy" upstairs from Citizen Public House. It's hard to argue that Richie Moe isn't a great "mixologist," though I would rather stick with the term "bartender." He knows his alcohol and has a palate for pairing those with small nibbles. However, because this is Scottsdale, I don't think that allows an automatic 20% gratuity on EVERY cocktail after they are already on the high end as far as price goes.Following the trend of revived speakeasies and classic cocktails, the entrance to R+D is pretty cool. It's more of the event and experience that helps set the tone for the night. Walking through an alley to a lit staircase is cool, and it makes you feel like you're walking into something special. We called the number to get in, waited for about 5 minutes for a Richie to come outside and let us in. A 5 minute wait isn't bad to be granted access into an exclusive bar... but there was only two other people in there.We ordered two drinks, A Monk's Life $11(gin, yellow chartreuse, grapefruit juice, muddled blackberries, lavender sugar and candied ginger), and G + T $17(double-boiled R+D made citrus infused gin, fever tree tonic, and lime). The Monk's Life came out a few minutes later, delivered by Tara. She explained the drink and how we should nibble on the candied ginger while we sipped the cocktail, as it paired well together. She was right, it paired very well together. It added depth to the drink... which was otherwise flat. You could only notice a bite of the gin, and no chartreuse, over the sweetness of the grapefruit juice and lavender sugar. About 5 minutes after that drink was delivered, we were brought the set-up for our G+T. They use a double boiler to infuse Absolut 100proof vodka with dried juniper berries, citrus peel, anise, fennel, and a few other spices to create a "gin." As he lit the burner to begin infusing the vodka, he told us he would be back in about 5 minutes when it was finished. He came back with an ice bath to cool down the "gin" before he would pour it over ice. Richie said that would take maybe 2 minutes. We waited for between 10-15 minutes for him to return, only after we flagged him down, asking where our tonic was. He was apologetic and brought the rest of the set up for our drink. He apologized and took the drink off of our bill. As he poured the gin over ice and topped it with tonic, you could smell the anise in the drink. First sip, extremely over powering with the anise, I couldn't taste much of the juniper berries. After letting the drink dilute for a few minutes and adding the lime, you could begin to taste more of the flavors in the vodka. I would have been content paying $17 for a G+T with a house made tonic and a very well sourced GIN, instead of an artisan tonic and juniper infused vodka. Since my drink was done about 20 minutes after my dad had been served his cocktail, Richie offered to "sponsor" my dad's next drink. He obliged and ordered Smokey and the Bee $10(Jameson, Smoked almond + honey syrup, maca root, and grilled lemon). This drink was the best of the night. The smoked almond take on orgeat syrup was a great compliment to the Jameson, and the grilled lemon paired nicely with the honey in the syrup. Overall, I was underwhelmed. I had high hopes because of all of the hype around this speakeasy type establishment. However, it didn't seem to live up to it's expectations. A lot of these drinks are things you could make for 1/4 the price if you did a little bit of research on where to find the liquors. I'll come back and maybe try another cocktail or two, but I have a feeling that they are trying too hard with pairing and adding "tinctures" to their drinks instead of focusing on the actual liquors. Adding a flavor to enhance the alcohol's natural flavors is great, but it seems to be an afterthought when each drink has so many ingredients.
2	I was really looking forward to trying this place out. I love their restaurant ! But I was disappointed. The concept is great ! I love the house rules and the "call us and we'll come get you" . But it is not as charming inside. It was way too bright for a lounge but overall cute space. The drink menu (which you can only order from) is nice but really doesn't cater to those that don't like sweet drinks. I personally will have one , maybe two of the cocktails on the list but then I won't want any more. too sweet, too fancy. I like my liquor simple. Now, if you have a professional mixologist there - wouldn't it be great to tell him/her what I usually drink and they will create a new cocktail for me based on that instead of making me leave the place beacuse I don't like their cocktails? It also takes long for some of the drinks, they should mark those that take 10 minutes to "cook".Our cocktail waitress was very nice and friendly and the mixologist definitely knows what he's doing. They charge a 20% service fee that our waitress explained to us goes to everybody else and now much to her... NOT okay. Charge me more per drink. Don't charge me %20 service and then I'll have to tip over that.Overall I guess good idea, great concept. Wrong execution.
2	Visited here a few weeks ago with 3 friends after hearing the hype about a new, cool hipster place for fab cocktails. Plus I am a fan of whatever Bernie does, so I figured it had to be cool. Without repeating what everyone else has said, this place leaves a little something to be desired. The hokey, NYC-wanna-be-like process of getting into the place is kind of lame and was an immediate turnoff to me. I completely understand wanting to limit the number of people in this cute little space, but come on! Gimmicks just bug!As mentioned by others, the drink list is very limited and you cannot order anything but what is on the list. The G&T takes well over 20 minutes to "brew" and when the bill came, which did include the 20% grat, we spent $100 for 4 drinks...seriously, no drink is that good...it is still gin and tonic at it's core.My least favorite thing about my experience is the rotten, grease trap smell that invades this spot. It is completely and utterly nauseating making it impossible to stay for more than one cocktail, if you had the bankroll to afford another.I hope after reading some of these reviews, they make a few changes and lighten it up a bit as who needs to be so dang serious about cocktails!
4	I love what R+D is going for here: swank, some tricky mixing, and top quality drinks. My G+T (gin and tonic with the gin infused right in front of me, and a number of other embellishments) was phenomenal. The service was friendly. Once you get in, that is. It's worth the experience.Honestly, though, I think I'd just prefer downstairs at Citizen. The whole idea of a "speakeasy" brings to mind a cozy, inviting, secretive place, and R+D isn't cozy. The decor is coldly modern, it's loud as hell (especially since the seating is too far apart to talk comfortably), and the clientele isn't my kind of thing. Some asshole tuxedoed guy tried to bypass my friend and I in line by whipping out a stack of credit cards and whispering to the bouncer "I'll make it worth your while".So, all in all, here's what I'm saying: absolutely try out R+D. It's fun and interesting and the mixing is a thrill to watch. Then, just get your cocktails downstairs at the marvelous Citizen Public House, because they're just as good, the money goes to the same place, and you can have a discussion with companions without shouting. Or follow Greg H's advice below, and maybe show up on a Thursday, because that G+T really was something else.
4	Yes, the drinks are expensive.  They can take some time to make, and you can't order anything but what's on the menu.  And sure, it's a small place, you have to call the phone number to see if you can even get in.  I can understand why people aren't too excited about this place.Why do I like it?  Because it's one of the rare places in Scottsdale, where you can have a unique cocktail, be able to actually have a conversation, and see the menu because there are actually lights on inside.  I'm only 27, but sometimes I get tired of the loud music, and having the bar so dark I can barely read the menu.  This is a nice change of pace from the typical scene and a great way to start the night.  The staff is friendly, the drinks were great, and I had a fun night talking with my friends.  Check it out, but don't expect it to be like any other bar.
4	I'm a fan mainly because of the drinks! I thoroughly enjoyed my Old Fashioned drink. The bartender even put a tiny bottle of bitters upside down in my drink which slow released as I was sipping and hanging out with friends for a birthday celebration. My friends ordered more unique coctails with extraodinary ingredients. It would be difficult to replicate some of these drinks since it would be difficult to find the exact ingredients. It's entertaining to have the drinks prepared in front of you. What makes it different from pouring just drink mixtures together are the unique ingredients. One of the drinks being made looked like fire was being poured back and forth between two coctail shakers. Maybe since the drinks are so expensive, plan on eating less downstairs to make up for it?..I get that people find the whole going to the back side of the restaurant and up some stairs guided by a bouncer was a little corny, but so what? The bouncer, host, or whever you call him (I can't remember his name) was very friendly, nice and informative. He made suggestions about good drinks to try and was down to earth and helpful. (Helpful hint: they usually don't like parties bigger than 6 upstairs. 2-4 is preferable)I guess I should have known by the ambiance of Citizen Public House Restaurant that the "speak easy" would be just as trendy looking. I pictured an actual "old school" speak easy stuck in my head beforehand so I was surprised to see little conversation set couches by a fireplace. Even though I was not totally impressed by the "living room-looking" speak easy, it was still a fun and different way of getting drinks, so I do recommend at least trying some of their drinks once, because they serve different drinks upstairs from the ones down in the restaurant. I haven't found that many places like this either in Arizona yet ("yet" is the key word).
5	If you haven't figured it out already, R + D stands for Research and Development.  They are doing some cutting edge stuff here with cocktails.  And what makes this place truly unique is that the make the cocktails at your table and will explain the process in detail, if you want.  The entrance is in the alley behind Citizen Public House.  You have to call a number listed at the bottom of the stairs and someone will come and get you.  Not so much a problem on a Thursday night but I can see it being a bit annoying when they are crowded.  It's a small place, so probably 6 people max per party would be the rule of thumb.  I think they can seat about 20-25 people total.But the drinks and experience were both amazing.  If it is still on the menu, I highly recommend the G + T.  They distill vodka through juniper berries, lemon peel, and various herbs and spices to make the gin.  The process takes a bit of time but we ended up with about 2 drinks for $17 and the flavors were amazing.We talked with the bartender for a while and he has some amazing ideas for future drinks.  I won't disclose here because he swore us to secrecy, but seriously, some amazing ideas if he can pull them off.The venue shares restrooms with Citizen Public House.  Once you are in through the backside, you go down another set of stairs to the restaurant, in and out of a door marked Mixologists Only.  So technically you could sneak in, but it is such a small place and the service is so intimate, they would know in the heartbeat that you sneaked in the back way.Many people were ordering food from the restaurant so it's a great place to have a few great appetizers (see my review for Citizen Public House http://www.yelp.com/biz/citizen-public-house-scottsdale#hrid:GMD6vCtOlmjAt828xaC6Sw) with some amazing drinks.Open Thursday, Friday, and Saturday.
5	About as hip as it gets in Scottsdale. Lots of fire, paint can shakers, construction-drill mixers, lab equipment and very unusual cocktails... all done in a secretive upscale modern lounge. There are rules too: men may not approach ladies, no pictures, no rowdy assholes, no calling ahead - show up and cross your fingers a seat is open... nice. Bring a date!
5	So hearing about it from a friend and reading the reviews on yelp, I had to check it out.  To get in, you wander behind Citizens Public House and you see the staircase with the sign posted at the bottom.  You have to call the number on the sign to get in.  So after calling the number, out comes this 7 ft tall character who would be intimidating if he wasn't smiling so wide.  His name is Tony and he tells us it will be just a minute before he can get us seated.  Their drinks are so complex and take so long to make that they moderate how quickly they seat tables so people aren't waiting for drinks.  In the meantime he asks us about food allergies..(?) and my interest is peaked.  This place is thorough.  Inside the atmosphere is classy and clean, exactly my kind of hip, casual lounge where you can have a drink and still sit down and enjoy a nice crowd.  Ohhh emmm geee the drinks!  I started with a light and refreshing vodka cucumber drink, delicious.  Then I had this drink called the Barbie Girl.  Don't kid yourself, this is not for children.  It's some patron, with some more patron and then they sprinkle some kind of ground up shellfish on the top.  It's sparkly, pink, and it will knock your socks off!  My friend had their Old Fashioned- it was one of those layered drinks where the flavors change as you drink it.  So ridiculously amazing!  I'll be back!  And I'll be really disappointed if Tony doesn't answer the door.
5	Must try drinks here include the Gin drink as it is made from scratch at your table. I won't make any other comments on the drinks as I don't want to ruin the experience. This bar is good for small groups on 6 or less only. My only complaint will have to be the wait but it is needed for the ambiance of the bar.
4	This place is PRETENTIOUS. The crowd is mostly Scottsdale-douchey. The drinks are expensive. The rules are ridiculous.But I'll be damned if the drinks aren't delicious. Also? The process of making the drinks is turned into an awesome show. And it's science! Fire! Smoke! Bubbling liquids! Who doesn't love science?!  Especially science that results in a delicious cocktail.A few tips: NOT for a big group. Don't try to go with any more than six. And if you have six, expect to wait a while because there are only two tables that accommodate a group that large. We had over 10 people in our group and it was made very clear to us that they do not want people up and moving around and mingling between tables. So don't try that. But DO try the Smoked Bloody. It's the best Bloody Mary I've ever had in my life. I will go back JUST for that.Overall, R + D is a great place to go with another couple to have a few drinks and some quiet conversation with a bit of entertainment.
4	What a cool little find!  I first learned of Citizen R+D when a friend and his wife invited me out for a drink.  When you approach the stairs leading up to the bar, which is behind Citizen Public House, you are confronted with a plain white sheet of paper on which are posted the "Rules."In today's age of excess and access, I was a little taken aback at being told NOT to walk up the stairs to enter but instead to call the number at the bottom of the sheet of rules telling me what I could and could not do.  Being that I was meeting friends, I acquiesced and dialed the provided digits.  The guy who answered (Tony, coincidentally) was gruff and didn't seem particularly interested or professional.  I had to ask if i'd gotten the right number, the response to which was "Ya, how many people you got?" I responded "four" and was told he'd be out in 10-15 minutes when a table became available.  Needless to say I was irritated to wait in a dark  alley reeking of sewage to get into another cookie cutter Scottsdale bar that was more pomp and circumstance than meat and potatoes.About 10 minutes passed and Tony the doorman/waiter who turned out to be an affable big bear of a guy, came out and ushered us up the stairs to a door where we were stopped, asked if we had been there before (I hadn't), explained the rules, what to expect and then lead through a locked door to our waiting table.Once inside, I could see the reason for the wait.  There are only about 7 or 8 tables depending on whether or not two have been pushed together.  Parties of 6 or more are broken up so small parties are better.  The room is intimate, comfortable and inviting, the kind of place you WANT to sit down with friends and share a cocktail.R+D bills itself as a "Speakeasy," harking back to prohibition days and therein lies  of the reason for all of the cloak and dagger.  Cocktails aren't merely "poured" they are actually "crafted" and everyone you come into contact with is well versed in what it is they are serving and how its being constructed.I've now been several times and though i've seen and tasted several different cocktails, I can't bring myself to order anything but the ********GIN****** For *****Price***** you get a coffee siphon filled with a neutral spirit (vodka), and in place of coffee grounds, a mix of Juniper berries and botanicals which when brewed in the vacuum, turns to gin before your eyes.  Some may think this a novelty but the food geek in me is just fascinated by this process. Listen, if you're looking for the "typical" Scottsdale bar, cheap drinks thrown together by a busy bartender who doesn't get that "pouring heavy" isn't the same as pouring a good drink or you want drink "your way" Burger King style, go somewhere else.  At R+D the cocktails are expensive (even by Scottsdale standards), the wait for your concoction is between 10-15 minutes (worth it in my opinion) and you order what's on the menu, the way it's on the menu, period. I'd like to tell anyone reading to go elsewhere so this little gem can stay a relative secret that I can always get into and enjoy but not sharing just wouldn't be right.  If you get a chance and are looking for a refreshing change form the "norm" drop by R+D and tell Tony that Tony sent you!!(note: ask for an order of bacon popcorn to munch on while your there, you'll get freshly popped corn, chunks of tender belly bacon and though it tends to be a little bit greasy, it is the perfect accouterment to your cocktail.)
5	16 Reviews, and its hidden.  I will leave this review somewhat vague, as that's what they want.  Its an old school speak easy.  Really good drinks, very knowledgeable mixologist (not bartenders).  Parties over 6 will have a tough time sitting together as the place hold 30 people.  This is not a great place to "pre-party:, as they will ask you to keep it down if needed.  Great place to have a drink before hitting the rest of Scottsdale, of 1 after dinner.  Remember, this is a little place, but everything is hand made.  10 minutes for your drink is expected, but well worth it.
5	So obviously everyone that left anything less than 5 stars for this place is looney. I almost don't want to write a review because I don't want more people to find out about this place. It's a hidden gem and it needs to stay that way. It's a legit spot for sure. Yeah, it's a little weird that you have to wait at the bottom of the stairs and call a number before you get up there. But that's the whole point. It's playing into the speakeasy vibe they're going for. Get with it people. If you can't appreciate what they're doing - maybe you should walk over to RockBar and grab a drink. Sounds like it's more your kind of place. R+D is for people who can appreciate the art of mixology. They have crazy ingredients that you're just not gonna find at any ol' bar. I tried a couple drinks up there and they were delicious - unlike any cocktail I've ever had. I can't remember the names of them, but one was gin with crystallized ginger and muddled blackberries. The other drink I had was some kind of pink martini. It could possibly be one the prettiest drinks I've ever had. It has shaved pearl in it!?? Like who thinks of this kind of stuff? The pearl gave the drink a gorgeous iridescent sheen. It was like too pretty to drink. haha. jk. I drank it. All of it. Shout out to Chris, he dealt with my friend and I last Thursday. "Um. Sir, have you read 50 shades of grey? Because this place has a Christian Grey vibe going on". Ladies, that should be enough said.
4	Experience is the key word for me, when describing R+D. It's not often you wait in a dark alley to go someplace swanky. Once called, up you get a briefing and an Inquisition: "been here before? familiar with the rules? any food allergies?"You get directed to your spot. Intimate as you want it to be... make eye contact and someone may ask you about your drink -- or tell you about theirs. Don't make eye contact and you'll be left alone.You must order from the menu. No tweaking (i.e. club soda instead of tonic is NOT an option).Each cocktail is hand crafted and takes 3-10 minutes just to MAKE. Some are performances in them self! Dramatic flaming tequila falls; bubbling "gin" being distilled before your very eyes, complete with a lesson on the history of gin. Prices range from $11 - $18/drink.A very unique special occasion experience!
5	Holy smokes. This is awesome.I'm so happy we ran into some other yelpers that talked this place up. You enter in speakeasy style - you call, wait, and someone comes to get you. They ask for any allergies, and then you're on to drinking heaven.The drinks are different in a good way. It's all about the melding of things you wouldn't normally try in an amazing presentation. Take the Dunkin' Pumpkin'. It's bourbon, served warm, with a pumpkin butter 'dipper'. You'd stir the pumpkin butter until melts down into your drink. Continue to stir with the rock candy center to add sweetness. It was fantastic . I also had the 'Other side of the Pillow.' It was elegant, herby, and wonderfully refreshing.Overall, the evening wasn't cheap, but worth every penny.
1	I have never written a review on Yelp before, but I felt so strongly about the negative experience that I had at this place that I had to express my opinion.  I would never recommend this restaurant.     I had a work meeting at the Citizen R+D last night.  I arrived right when the door opened to assure a table for me and my clients.  One of my clients was arriving late so I asked the staff to make sure that when she arrived that they bring her up swiftly.  The staff was very rude to me when I asked for that favor and told me she had to wait outside like everyone else.  When she did arrive, I went out the door where people had been streaming in all night to show her in.  When I returned with my client back to the table, I was harshly scolded for not following "the rules" and my client and I were forced to go back outside to wait with everyone else.    Mortified with embarrassment, I went back outside only to find a long line waiting at the door.  We were forced to wait outside for more than 10 minutes even though we already had a table and half the party was already seated.    Throughout the 4 hour meal which simply included a main course and 4 drinks per person, the staff was generally rude to us. I have never been treated so poorly at a restaurant in which I paid a $350 bill.      Afterwards, I asked if anyone would ever consider coming back, and everyone gave a resounding "Hell No"!
5	Thank you Yelp for helping me find this place.  My husband has been asking to find a nice place to enjoy some after dinner cocktails and this place did not disappoint!  I highly recommend the art of flight.  Part of the fun is not only enjoying your beverages but oohing and ahhing over other's drinks as well.
5	Drinks are amazing with long pours. Ask about the secret gummy rings. They are great. The ones we were given were soaked in vodka for 5 weeks and they were huge. Loved this place.
2	This place is STUPID and the epitome of 'Snotsdale'.  You could get better customer service from a 10 cent hooker.  If your idea of fun is standing in a back alley next to a dumpster and being treated rudely by a douche bag bouncer who looks like he is from Oklahoma, then definitely come check out Citizen R+D.  Also, the only reason we came to Citizen R+D is we met the bartender at Citizen Public house the evening before and he talked it up as an amazing experience to my girlfriend, visiting from Chicago on a business trip ...Well, it wasn't.  We called in at 9:02pm with a party of 3.  There was a group waiting in front of us so we knew we would have to wait a bit.  The man on the phone said it would be about 15minutes.  So, we stood in the alley next to the dumpster and chitchatted about girlie stuff.  20minutes later, 2 fine gentleman walked down the stairs and we thanked them for leaving, so we could have a table.  They responded, "If we had known you were out here we would have invited you to our table"...darn.  We continued to wait and 2 more large parties left....hmmm, why are we still in this alley? So, at 9:36 I called again.  I said we are the party of 3 and wondering if there was a table, he said they are cleaning the tables.  I asked if we should go to Citizen Public house for a drink instead if they needed time, since it was cold that night.  He responded, "I don't care what you do."  WHAT!?  SNAP, Lisa got bitchy! "The only reason I am standing in this stupid alley is because the bartender told us to come tonight because he thought my friend from Chicago would enjoy the crafty cocktails."  All of a sudden there is another voice on the phone.  It was the bartender.  He said it would be five minutes while they clear the tables.  I said okay and hung up.  My friend was pissed, and she is impatient anyway, and wanted to go immediately... we waited till 9:47 and nobody came to let us in.  3 other groups had come up behind us and my friend told them they should go somewhere else.  We told them to go to Mable's on Main where you can go have an amazing cocktail in 'speak-easy-ish atmosphere' with great service and no wait for half the price.  In the end, I was embarassed I even took my friend there, she was supremely annoyed.  We stood outside in an alley for 45 minutes, in the cold, and ended up talking 10 people into going to another bar.  We found great drinks, for half the price, and better service at another joint.  The reasons it gets 2 stars and not 1 is the bartender who we met the night before at Citizen Public house is a good bartender and I have been here before on my birthday and we had a good time, but the drinks are expensive and they add an automatic 20% gratuity which is also stupid.  I don't foresee this place lasting long because the customer service is really horrible, and you really only need to experience a 'unique' place like this once.  Not to mention the prices are ridiculous for a cocktail that you have to wait 20minutes for it's assembly.  Now that I think about it, you really do just spend a lot of time waiting.  Also, you owner idiots, if you are going to make people wait outside while you have open tables, you should probably have a different exit than your entrance.  I had such a bad experience I think I have boycotted Citizen Public House as well... what a shame.
3	First off, let me clear the exact algorithm I have used to come to this rating of 3/5. Drinks - 5/5Price -3.5/5Ambiance - 3/5Service - 2.5/5Setting - 2/5Food -2/5There you have it, no rocket science. This is a speak-easy or should we say 'was'. So many people know about this place (for whatever reasons). I have heard people hate this place for the way they are treated to get in there (even though they have open spaces up there) and for the price of the drinks. I have heard people love this place for the drinks and the personal effort they put in to make them, and also for the 'special feeling' one gets going to a speak-easy place. (Check the pics). I love the bloddy mary here, has a lovely smoky feeling. Check the way they make the drink, oh be careful dont just walk up and try to watch it, they might throw you out, bcs u need to follow 'rules' here. They make several drinks by your table as well, some of them a great performance in themselves and for that they charge upto $20/drink. hey its circus and a bar together and hence the price :P. Black Blazer is the best example for this. You would wish the drink would taste atleast half as good as the performance or the price, but well guess its all about the whiskey. Please whatever you do, make sure you dont use a flash. Thats right, u will get kicked out. 'Rules'. Oh I was rude earlier not to tell you about the 'rules', dont worry, u wont miss it, they have it displayed everywhere. I can go on and on about the drinks, but I will stop. I wont talk about the dark alley, the phone call to get in and the long long wait to be called into the 'exclusive' club up, but this is all I got for today. I am a big fan of Citizen Public house and we need places like these, that r out of the box (for whatever reasons). That said I love the drinks at Citizen Public house equally better, minus the drama and way more friendlier staff. Guess this is all bout making people feel part of a 'special club'. So to each one his own, and I like this place, and have been here many many times and wouldn't think of any other place to have 'drinks'. But you do get tired sometimes of the price they charge and more annoyingly the automatic 'service charge' for anything you order here. I hate it bcs the service aint as good every time but somehow we are entitled to pay them the full 'service charge' of 20% every time? Just wish this place gets better where there is a chance for improvement.
5	I didn't appreciate the stupid wait to get in. It was a cold rainy night and 15 minutes seemed like an hour. I was about to leave when they called my name. I was pissed when I walked in and there were several empty tables. Why did I have to wait so long? When I sat down I was greeted by our bartender and he handed me the menu. I looked at the menu and it replaced my anger with excitement. The drinks here are so unique you can't order them anywhere else. I met some friends here and we all ordered something different. One drink  was on fire and another one had pearl in it. We were highly amused and excited to try each other's drinks. It's all about the experience here. I loved that I could conversate with my friends in a bar without yelling while enjoying the best cocktails in town. If you appreciate a good cocktail you have to come here at least once but make sure you bring lot's of moola drinks range from $11-$18.
4	Well the super secret door by the dumpster behind the restrarant leads you to tiny room with pretty impressive coctails.  Be prepared to wait, at the bottom of the stairs, at the door and once you get in.  The service is not fast, this is not a place you go for quick drinks or with someone who can't hold a conversation.  It is a place to go if you want to try one of a kind, handmade cocktails!
3	Loved the ambiance---but the drinks were a little too complicated.  The Cotton Candy drink was really good, but the strawberry compote one missed. Service was good, but didn't like the fact that the 20% gratuity was automatically added.  We were going to tip and didn't think it needed to be required. Speakeasy concept is really fun.
1	My date and I had a dinner reservation on Saturday at 9 at FnB so we decided to get a drink before at R+D, right across the street. I understand this isn't a place that you just pop in and out of so we got to the dumpster and called at 7:45. One group of 4 was in front of us, and we were told 20 minutes to wait. That was expected, so we hung out and waited. The foursome was let in about 20 minutes after we arrived, and we anticipated we should get in shortly. After a 45 minute wait we decided to go across the street to make sure we got to have a drink somewhere before our meal. Would have loved to try it, sounds fun, but the wait was absolutely ridiculous.
5	First of all... Richie Moe, you're the man. Only a true gentleman of cocktails could envision this in Old Town. Such a great place to gain that San Fran/NYC SpeakEasy vibe. We were invited here by a good friend of ours on Spike TV's Bar Rescue. Great Choice Brian!Grab reservations early as it's tough to score a seat walking in.
5	Incredible experience.  Short wait to get in and totally worth it!  Tony the host was great.  We tried three drinks and enjoyed them all.  The flaming presentation for the Black Bomber was awesome!
5	Very unique 5 star speakeasy type experience. Chris, our bartender, and Tony, the maitre de (we think?), made us feel incredibly welcome at this seemingly exclusive one-of- a-kind joint.  The strawberry dolce after dinner drink was dessert in a martini glass and they even accommodated my husband who doesn't drink by making him a "mocktail" with blended fruit and dry ice, how cool is that? It was the epitome of what you wish for in an after dinner night cap.
5	Citizen R+D is one of my favorite places to have a unique cocktail experience in Scottsdale. Yes, a COCKTAIL EXPERIENCE. Set your expectations correctly people, the naysayers who have reviewed this "speakeasy" lounge have it all wrong. Take your negative Nancy attitude elsewhere.This isn't just some place where you come in and mingle with the rest of the people in the bar, and casually chug down your lackluster gin and tonic or classic martini. So don't come here expecting to meet someone new, or drink "your old favorite", or pay $8 for a cosmo...that isn't what R+D is all about.First of all, the key to having a great experience here is being patient because it is worth the wait to get inside. Seating is limited and not everyone can get in all at once. Also, these are custom, one of a kind cocktails - they take about 10 minutes to make so you're going to have to wait on those too. This is something that they preface before you even enter the lounge, so don't think this is an in-n-out type of thing. That being said, the drinks here are absolutely awesome, each offering something different for the senses via taste, smell, and visual presentation.My favorite is the Honey and the Bee (whiskey) and my girlfriend loved the Barbie Girl (tequila) which is accented with edible glitter and pearl dust. For presentation flair I recommend the Fear & Loathing Margarita, a deconstructed cocktail that flips your expectations of a traditional 'rita as well as the Black Blazer which is mixed table side. There's only one way to describe that drink, en fuego.Citizen R+D is amazing, and I will keep coming back. Cheers to a unique experience and one of a kind cocktails that you absolutely will not find anywhere else in Scottsdale.
4	I visited Citizen R&D in October 2012 when I was in Scottsdale on vacation. I didn't tell my girl friend where we were going because I wanted it to be surprise to her. It was our first time there and we absolutely loved it!. It was quite a cocktail experience. Yes, the drinks can be a bit pricey but its not just some bartender quickly throwing liquor into a glass for you. You are paying for the impressive experience of having one of a kind hand crafted cocktails. We tried about 3 and all were delicious. I also recommend the bacon popcorn! MMM!The ambiance was nice, the staff was friendly and attentive. The reason I gave this place 4 stars instead of 5 is that we paid cash for our bill and usually change is given back or the server/bartender will ask if you need change back. This was not the case. Our bartender assumed the change was his for a tip and never returned with the change. He would have been tipped nicely but the change that we had leftover would have been quite a hefty tip! We finally caught his attention and he seemed a bit caught off guard when we asked for our change back but he did so and we still tipped him well.Other than that, love this place and will be back anytime I am in the area.
5	So. Worth. It.Definitely a "speakeasy". Find the staircase and call the phone number. Theyll ask how many you have and what your name is. A word of caution, if you try and bring a larger group here go right when they open. Cuz otherwise youre not getting in. This place in ti-ny and once youre there, youll be there a while.We waited about an hour to get in, even w/ a group of 3. There were 2 groups ahead of us.Their cocktail menu is impressive. We all had 2 drinks each, all different. Cuz why not right? My friend had a Hummingbird lane (delicious) and a Dolce. The Dolce was her fave. I was lucky enough to snag a sip and man, it was good. Cream cheese foam?! Yes please. Her husband had an Aztec (his fave) and a GI Joe. This is an interesting one. Its green and sparkly. If you like really dirty martinis, youll love this one.I had a Blue Eyed Swizzle (very sweet) and a Fallen Angel (loved it).They serve a limited app menu from Citizen downstairs as well.We had 6 drinks and 2 apps, and our bill was over $100. Thats the downside, they add gratuity to every drink.The mixologists and door man were very, very nice and attentive. It does take about 10 mins per drink to make so yes, you will be here for a while.I would wholeheartedly recommend this place for a small girls night, date, or otherwise.
2	If this concept was in a big city it would be a hit but this is Old Town.  We got there around midnight on a Friday and called the # and was told it would be 15-20 min and we should wait at the bottom of the stairs.  I don't mind waiting but the bottom of the stairs is right next to the smelly dumpster that has been sitting in the 110 degree sun all day.My friend got tired of the smell and moved up to the top landing only to be chased back down by the hostess when she went to let out another group of people.After 20 min we finally get called and head upstairs.  The cocktail list is AMAZING but be prepared to wait, our first round of 3 drinks took 15 min to get.  The place wasn't busy at all.  It seats 30 but there were maybe 12 people there.  They also have a separate late night menu than the one listed on the drink menu so we had to wait for the new menu before we could rethink our order.I know it was their late night menu but it left a lot to be desired and if you don't like pork there is like 1 option for you in the hummus plate.  I got the porkbelly bahn Mi which was mediocre.  No flavor from the pork at all and the pickled vegetables overwhelmed the entire sandwich.The speak easy concept is interesting but I don't know how it would ever work at this location  Guys aren't allowed to approach girls but are encouraged to send drinks to a lady they may be interested in.  With only 30 people in the room, that doesn't leave a lot of room for interaction with strangers.  Also would have been nice to be informed of the 20% service charge automatically added to all drinks.  Auto Grat makes for lazy servers.
5	This is a one-of-a-kind hidden gem in Scottsdale. The reputation around town is quite douchey and Ed Hardy-ey but R&D provides a wonderful, classy escape from the normal riff-raff of Old Town Scottsdale. Anybody who complains of slow service must not understand the craft and care this place puts into their drinks. I don't expect to be served immediately, I'm not ordering beers. Watching these guys make your drink is almost like someone in a Mexican restaurant who makes salsa or guacamole at your table or better yet, a beverage Benihana. Everything I've tried there is delicious and I can't recommend this place enough for a laid-back evening of sophisticated imbibing.
1	Seriously disappointed in this place. This used to be our favorite spot, but after last night, we may never come back. We had family in from North Carolina and they specifically asked to go here. We got there, called in our table of six and was never asked our name. We were told 15 minutes and soon after we arrived a party of seven showed up. They called in and after 15 more minutes they called the party of 7 up. We stopped the bouncer and asked why and he blew us off. He finally told us (10 minutes later) it was the "new guy" who talked to us and didn't write down our info. For the sake of Customer Service, the bouncer should have held the other table up to figure out what had happened, but he could give a shit less. The drinks are great and the atmosphere is awesome, but shitty customer service and the obvious lack of any training for the "new guy" will deter me and the everyone else I know from going there any time soon. Not cool R & D, not freaking cool at all. I wouldn't bother going if you don't like being looked down upon by the snobs in Scottsdale.
5	There's a "speakeasy" in Old Town Scottsdale! Who knew?! We had a great time here at this place (it was fun but VERY CHILL). It would be a perfect spot for a romantic late-night date. My friends and I only had one drink and they were made by  mixologists. It was an experience that I definitely want to relive again. There is a staircase and you have to call the number when you find the staircase ( you WILL have to wait) but it's worth it to me.
5	This is my favorite place to drink in Scottsdale. Aside from the fun "speakeasy" quirks, they mix some damn good libations here. I've visited at least a half dozen times. Sometimes I'm looking for a "dessert in a glass" type drink, sometimes I really want something bitter or bracing. The breadth of the menu has something for every cocktail fan.If you like gin and tonic, by all means, try theirs. They use a double boiler to infuse 100 proof vodka with juniper berries, citrus and a few other herbs & spices to make a fantastic house gin. The night I had it, it had a really good caraway rye finish. If I'm going here, I'm going to plan my night around it. I'm not a huge fan of waiting in line, so I shoot to get here close to when they open.
5	Thanks for creating an atmosphere perfect for a party of two of four to enjoy impressive cocktails. The Mixologists provided table service at the perfect frequency. Never did I feel pressured to place my next order, nor did my thirst feel unquenched. You were so Goldilocks!The codes or conduct kept the bright flickers of the photograph-everything generation  from disturbing my evening. It was truly an excellent experience.   Stay classy Citizen R+D.
4	So I had no intention ending up here. I came to have dinner, but without reservation to the place around the corner we were SOL. Someone mentioned that R+D opened up, and that we should try it out. I wasn't impressed but the forced mystique of the modern speakeasy approach. By now I just wanted to sit down and have a drink.10 minutes later I found myself at a low table, having a mixologist explaining how things were going to work and what I could expect. The evening had taken a turn for the better. Ambiance. I think it is absolutely beautiful up here. A minimalistic modern decor together with 2 mixologists mean a personal, even if slow, service. Wrongly I expected the clientele to follow suit, but anyone not-to-uncouth can get up here. The allure of exclusiveness is a false assumption.Food&DrinksThe food comes from downstairs. The drinks are created in your vicinity by aficionados. It becomes what you came here for. If your poison is a solid quality drink that is tasty, interesting, and you are willing to pay for it - this is doubtlessly your place. - Example: My drink was spicy from habanero in a "holy crappers batman, my eyelids are about to self-combust"-kind of way. But the adept mixologist swung by with some diluent, in my case a juice blend that was already in the drink, that adjusted the proportions for the guy (read me) that thought he could handle more heat than he could.- Ps. the basic salad is the bomb. Overall I really like it. I will not come here often, due to the fact that you pay more for experience than product, but I still really like it and I can see why some people might not like it. And I have a feeling that the people that put this together had that in mind. Better to please a few epicures that will keep visiting, and let those to whom this experience is not appealing to their own devices.
4	Great drinks, friendly mixologists, and amazing atmosphere.  The mixologists were fantastic about explaining all of the intricate details of their specialty drinks at the table and made sure you knew exactly what we were getting before we ordered. We did wait almost an hour though after being told it would only be 20 min, not terrible for a "speakeasy" style lounge, but also a little annoying.  Would definitely come back next time I'm in Scottsdale.
3	Are you a fan of craft cocktail bars?If so, you may want to pass on Citizen R&D. It has the elements of exclusivity (expect a lengthy wait at the bottom of an outdoor stairwell) and attendant pageantry in the presentation of cocktails. I can abide and even enjoy both of these elements if the quality of the cocktails is exceptional. Unfortunately that was not the case. My friend and I had the Old Fashioned and New Yorker and both were lacking in quality (in spite of the lengthy explanation and presentation by the very kind and knowledgeable server). This was disappointing, I root for these places and am pleased when they deliver well.In the spirit of fairness, only two of the 30 or so cocktails were sampled, so there may be something we missed quality wise. But.....as our choices were adaptations of classics, if you can't get the basics of blocking and tackling correct, it inspires little confidence and interest in exploring further. The craft cocktail movement is welcome and when well executed, a pure delight. Recently, my favorites have been in San Francisco, Seattle (with a special shout out to Rob Roy), and Williams and Graham in Denver.
5	Original does not do it justice.  Unique!  Impressive.  Must be experienced to be appreciated.
2	Not at all what I expected. Wanted to try something new. Cool concept but to have to wait 20 minutes outside then go in and see the room is empty is a little absurd. Waiters take forever to get your order and no decoration inside the bar. Downstairs had a nice atmosphere-- citizens public house. But this bar concept they have upstairs is extremely lame. Or at least they haven't executed the idea properly. Waste of time.... And drinks were fine but nothing special. Service just way too slow for me!
4	Honestly, I had a great time here this past Friday. I went in expecting snobbery and bullshit, given the nature of some of these reviews, but experienced nothing of the kind. I went for a going away fling for one of my gf's and she picked R+D as it was one of her favorite places for a cocktail and her top pick for a G+T in the area. We arrived at 7PM, went up to the hostess and got the secret number to call and waited about 20 min for our table to get ready. Granted, I did get a little antsy, but that's mostly because I was starving and forgot all my purse snacks at home *sob*. Pro tip kids, ALWAYS bring a snack, I don't care if I sound 80 years old, when have you ever been disappointed when a snack appears?! Anyway, after we are seated, our host for the evening comes by, explains the menu and gives us some time to look it over. We're also introduced to the mixologist of the evening. Every drink sounds incredible, I want them all. Our waiter was also great at explaining each drink and making sure we knew what we were getting into. The G+T my GF ordered was infused at our table, explained in great detail, we even got to pass around the gin and smell it. It may have been $18, but it made her about 2 drinks. My drink (honey bee or something) came on fiiiire! Our last round of drinks also came on fire, which is just so much fun to watch. I wish I could remember what it was called, but I'll just have to go back. Who knows, it might actually be against the rules to tell you anyway. The rules, yes there are some rules. Guys, you don't get to be sleazy and walk up to girls and hit on them. Also, no swearing. I broke this a few times, luckily it wasn't too loud and our waiter was no where in site. Flash photography, NOPE. The group next to us did get a slap on the wrist for this and my friend did mention she saw people get kicked out once for that. There were a few others, mostly, just don't be an ass and keep the place classy. Oh, we also ordered food (try the grilled cheese and the scallops, soo freakin good). The 5 of us had 5 dishes and 7 drinks + tax + tip = $50ish a person, not bad at all in my book. Some of our drinks were more expensive, while others had more expensive entrees, plus the experience alone made me not care about dropping dough. Would I go every weekend? No. Would I want to go every once in a while, especially on a girls night? Heck yes! My advice, get there early! The place only has space for less than 50 people. If you show up at 9PM on a Friday or Saturday, of course you are going to wait. What do you expect? Also, it's not some shit bar on Mill. You aren't going to get away without dropping at least $20-$30 on a few drinks, but they are worth it. The 2 drinks I had were perfectly made, got me buzzed, and came on fire. What more does a girl need?
5	This is the place you want to go in Scottsdale if you want expertly crafted cocktails that are so delicious that even your tiny-liver-having significant other will order more. They're that fantastic.Citizen R&D is the "speakeasy" concept from the creators of Citizen Public House and with all the good food and drinks you can have downstairs, you should know that this is going to be the kind of place that really knocks it out of the park. You used to have to call from the back of the building to get in, but they've made things slightly less sketchy and all you have to do now is inquire at the host stand to find out details of how to get in.Once you call to confirm space (no reservations allowed), you'll be directed to a door back behind the bathrooms and a secret stairwell that leads you up to the space. It's fairly sparsely decorated and no one is allowed to stand -- if there aren't seats, you can't come up. I recommend getting there earlier rather than later as you can often find seats at 6 or 7pm, but the later it goes the more busy it gets. There's no backing on the seats, either (they're all benches), so if you have a bad back this could be a bit tough for you.That said, getting in is worth it. They change the menu fairly regularly, but you can always count on delicious cocktails and enough tasty bar snacks to keep you from getting to faschnicka'd. I highly recommend the Black Blazer, which tastes basically like a toasted marshmallow but you're not going to go wrong with just about anything.Small groups are best here -- more than six is probably pushing it, and four is ideal. And once you're done with drinks, go downstairs and have a full dinner. It makes for a great night out.
5	We ended up here because we couldn't get reservations a CPH until 9:30PM.  We arrived right at 7pm when they opened and checked in with the hostess at CPH.  We were almost immediately brought up through CPH (not through the back like many people).  I agree with other reviewers that this really is best for a smaller (4 or less) crowd.  Our group had a bunch of different cocktails, but the all around favorite was the Gin and Tonic.  It was absolutely delicious (and I don't even really like liquor).  The prices are quite expensive for a cocktail, but we got two full drinks out of the Gin and Tonic, so it really wasn't that bad.  It did take a while to get our drinks because of the long preparation process, but we didn't really notice that much as we were caught up in conversation.  A few of the cocktails had really cool presentations that made it an even more fun experience.I will definitely be back - I thought the experience and the cocktails were worth the price.  Just a tip - they also serve the full CPH menu, so if you can't get reservations there, go to Citizen R+D and just spend your evening there.
5	My boyfriend and I love this place! Kris, the main mixologist, is super informative, friendly and seems to genuinely want to shake you up a unique drink(even if it's not on the menu)! Every single drink is super worth the price. Can't wait to go back!
5	Absolutely love this place!!!! Some of the best, unique cocktails in Scottsdale can be found here. The people who run the show are always friendly and accommodating. The atmosphere is very laid back and relaxed. I'd definitely recommend checking this place out.
5	(Lyrics - Color Me Badd - I Wanna Sex You Up)Come inside, go make a call, they'll make you feel at homeNow let's pour a glass of wine 'cause now we're all aloneI've been waiting all night so just let me know when your ready for meCause I've been dying for your drinks and mixology......Oh you make me feel real We can drink it till we both fill upOh you know I'm hooked on youAnd this is what I'll do...Let's go to the R&DAll nightOh you make me feel real good.Let's go to the R&DShhhh......yep the one and only speakeasy in the valley that I know of and it's here in the heart of Oldtown Scottsdale. I came here on a Thursday night with a gal pal of mine and we were so excited!  Get the rules at the host desk and give them a buzz for instructions to the location; which is upstairs from the restaurant.  As we waited for short period of time downstairs before the mixologist called and escorted us up.  The place was pretty swanky with a minimal feel.  Meaning there wasn't too much to look at, but some framed portraits and some couches.  I ordered the Fallen Angel; aged rum, pineapple juice, watermelon, habanero, honey, eggwhites, and Saigon cinnamon.  Overall, the favorite of the night!  I don't drink a lot of mixed drinks, but I can down this one anytime and all the time.  The sweetness of the honey and the juices gave it a sweet and sour punch, while the habanero spice gave this drink some pop!  Yummy and yummy again for my next visit!  My friend ordered the Fear & Loathing Mezcal Margarita; in the end it was more show than anything and I didn't care for it! Along the way we ordered their Crab Cakes and their Tuffled Grilled Cheese.  The Crab Cakes were done just right, but we didn't care for the coleslaw.  Their smoked red pepper aioli gave it a nice kick.  The Truffled Grilled Cheese was awesome!  We asked for extra tuffle oil and it really made the sandwich taste 10 times better!  Crunchy, aromatic, and gooey, this grilled cheese sandwich is definitely one of my favorites in town! - Enjoy!
4	One of the first and only "speakeasys" I have been to and it was so fun!  Everything from waiting outside to get in to the rules of the bar (Women can only approach men) was great!  Aside from the drinks taking forever to arrive they were definitely worth the wait!  Citizen R+D serves some of the best cocktails in Scottsdale!  There is nothing better than telling a bartender what you like and him knowing exactly what to make...true mixologists behind the bar here!
4	Love the drinks and the atmosphere here. Yes the drinks are a bit pricey but they taste good and are strong. Favorites are Fallen Angel and Aztec (love the bee pollen). Also, glad they stop having customers wait downstairs by the dumpster. Entrance is now the same as the restaurant.
