1	This has happened to me too many times so I felt the need to put them on blast. Went through the drive-thru and when I got home the order was not right. There's nothing worse than being hella hungry and finding your food to be not what you wanted! How f-ing hard is it to read an order and make it correctly. This is the last time I will be forced to eat something I didn't want. Drive-thru customers beware!!  Check your order-inside and out-before you leave.
1	As this is a Mcd's, Even with a one-star rating, I'll probably return. The rating is for the service. I have NEVER received the correct order in the drive-thru; ALWAYS check your order before pulling off.I have to say that my guess is that this occurs is due to no one being a native English speaker in the establishment. Just a hunch.....
2	I can't argue with anything the other reviewers have said. There are two comments I want to make, one positive, one negative. First, the good: This is the only McD's I have been to that has electrical outlets in the dining area where I can get a booth and plug in my laptop. This is convenient as I am often stuck in south Charlotte for several hours and need a place to kill time and search job listings, etc. This is why I gave two stars instead of one.The bad: The cleanliness of the rest rooms (at least the men's room) leaves much to be desired, even for a McDonald's. I get the impression that all of the employees are hoping that someone else will attend to it.As for the food, well, it's McDonalds, so what can I say. I usually get a drink and, if anything, maybe an apple pie.
5	As MCD's go, this one is deluxe!  For families, the indoor play area is 3 times the size you normally find, and appears quite clean.  Also, plenty of seating, even booths right inside the play area.The food is what you would expect, but the decor is quite nice -- even a stone gas log fireplace.Lastly, an employee went out of her way to find the Puss in Boots toy my daughter really wanted even though it wasn't the toy of the week.  Nice customer service!
2	I know this is just a fast food place but you still have to hold your eating establishments to higher standards. More times than not I find the food to take  a while to get and the play area is DIRTY!
2	Key: Notice the dates on the reviews. This place was great but mismanaged into not so great. First thing to understand is that this is a fantastic location. The result is that they don't have to do it right to keep people coming in.I went inside the restaurant to eat last Saturday at 5:45 pm. Immediately noticed the place was a dump. Trash everywhere. Even a seat cushion was ripped. (When was the last time you viewed a ripped seat cushion in a McDonald's?) I used the restroom - same thing - one hand dryer was busted. Gross. But I thought, maybe they cater to the drive through and neglect the store? So I went ahead and ordered my food anyways (plus I had a coupon). Both my Big Mac and the 1/4 pounder came with stale buns. How is this possible at 5:45 pm on a Saturday night?It's all the fault of the management - the sad part is that it used to be fine but now it's not. Also there is a Chick-a-filet a mile up the road that is awesome. Maybe that is where the management goes to eat?
1	The service here is very, very poor. The place is dirty. I took a picture over the overflowing trash can inside the restaurant at 8:45 am on a Sunday. Consistently slow service. Every time I have been here the service is slow and the staff is at best confused and very indifferent. This morning the service is even worse. Many people are complaining about the wait, wrong orders, and unprofessional staff. One man even asked for a refund. This McDonald's needs a new franchise owner. Avoid this McDonald's unless you want slow service and a poor experience.
1	Horrible, I asked if a could add a large drink and the man at the drive through said " Add it on at the 2nd window", in a rude way. Then we had to wait 14 minutes just for two four piece chicken nuggets we ordered since they only rang up one. So we pulled off and  they didn't give us any sauces, so we went back and got them. When we opened it up and they had given us the habanero ranch. Strange the woman in jeans and a black shirt "no uniform?" missed it. Needless to say the 5 and 9 y/o that they were for couldn't eat that. You would expect better on this side of town. Tip: "Don't waste your time and money here!" Ps, don't miss the current 93 sanitation rating from this February!
1	I order here all the time on my lunch breaks because they have any size soda for only 1.00  and fresh fries......NEVER again! I orderd a burger, fries, and a soda, the drink tasted kinda bitter at first but didn't pay it much attention because i know fountain drinks very in taste and i figured they prob put the wrong soda in my cup. Long story short what ever was put in my sada has me really sick and after i finished drinking it i noticed dust/ dirty looking partials at the bottom of cup. I'm grossed out to think about what was in thier. The employees here very from acomidating to bi polar, I've had times where they mess up my order then have huge attitude when I bring it to thier attention. I even had a girl yell at me an tell me I wasn't at a five star restraunt when I paid for an aditional topping that was NOT On My sandwitch.  Chick fillet is right up the street at stone crest and has  amazing customer service, fresh food, and clean drinks. Guess I must have pissed off the person who made my drink or something.   I will never order from this place again, or drink a soda that I don't make myself.
2	Ok so it's McD's.... What I absolutely can't stand is the fact that's it's the only one that I've been to where they only accept cash. Stop being lazy and do the damn card machine! I mean seriously who carries cash anymore?! And how do u not put cheese on a CHEESEburger?!
