5	My husband and I decided to try something new for a date night.....we enjoy eating out and trying new things so we thought a cooking class would be interesting. Well low and behold, Dorothy, the owner and teacher, offers a Date Night Couples Class. Honestly had no idea what to expect, but now after getting home I can say WOW! What a wonderful way to spend an evening out!!!!!!! So not what I expected (not that I really had a clue as to what it would be like) I can not wait to do it again! Food was fabulous, recipes were well explained and it was above all...FUN!
5	My friends and I started a dinner group where we go out to eat somewhere new each month.  We decided to try cooking class as something new for our group.  We all had a fantastic time.  The food was delicious! The instructor Dorothy was so easy to work with, and she's a great teacher! I highly recommend this to anyone looking for something different to do.  You don't have to know anything about cooking in order to take the class.  Trust me it is well worth it!
5	I helped organize a bachelorette party for my friend and we picked Chop Wok and Talk as our daytime activity. We all had such an excellent time and learned so much too!Dorothy was really easy going and responsive throughout the process of booking and a great teacher during our class. We chose to do a 4 course thai lunch and every dish we made was delicious. I would definitely recommend trying this place out!!!
1	Let me get the positive stuff out of the way first. Overall, the food was good.There done with that. Now let me tell you exactly why you shouldn't take a class from Dorothy.Here's the main reason; this woman got her own blood in our food, and then thought it was OK for us to eat the food she had just bled in. In case you don't believe me (which would be understandable) here's the story. One of my team members nicked Dorothy in the pinky with a knife. This I admit was an avoidable mistake. But then, and this is perhaps one of the most shocking things I've witnessed is a while, Dorothy preceded to put her bleeding hand back into the salad we were preparing and continue to mix the salad, getting her blood on the bowl and our food. I suppose it's possible she didn't notice she was bleeding (even though she looked directly at her bleeding finger). But then, after someone pointed out the blood on our bowl, she wiped it off with a paper towel and said, and I'm not making this up, "it's fine". She then continued to prepare the food despite the fact that there was still blood in it.Let me be extremely clear for any aspiring food professionals out there: BODILY FLUIDS OF ANY KIND (especially blood) ARE NOT "FINE" TO LEAVE IN FOOD YOU ARE SERVING TO OTHER PEOPLE. I have absolutely no idea how she thought this was OK. We also had to ask her to wash her hands after all this. You know, so that she didn't get BLOOD on our food again. There were lots of other things as well that on their own would warrant a poor review. Dorothy was rude, not only to us, but to her assistant, who was very kind and helpful and didn't deserve such treatment. The class itself was also poorly run; it was almost entirely Dorothy telling us what to do and ordering us around, which meant that I didn't really learn anything, or have much fun for that matter. If you want good food, find a good restaurant. If you want a positive cooking class experience, don't come to Chop Wok and Talk.
5	My wife came up with the idea of having a date night that involved learning to cook and having dinner at the same time. I wasn't wild about the idea but as usual she got her way. Boy was I happy she did. I had the greatest time I have had in years. I never write reviews about anything but this experience was one I felt I needed to pass on. Guys if your wife suggest this take her up on it, but if you really want to earn some points , you suggest it. I can now cook an entire Chinese meal, and I couldn't cook an egg before the class.
