3	Plenty of seating for a sort of express Starbucks at the corner of craps tables, a few nightlife venues and a several show rooms inside of the MGM Grand. Cell phone service is somewhat limited if you are on anything other than Verizon. There is no WiFi either at this location for you to connect on. If you need a quick coffee fix before hitting a blackjack table or you are walking to a game of poker, you find this Starbucks to be convenient.
4	This Starbucks near the monorail entrance was our regular source for breakfast during the trivia championship weekend we attended at the MGM. Each time we went, our orders were filled correctly and promptly, even though it was in a very busy, high--traffic area.
3	How come whenever I'm looking for a Starbucks I can never easily find one?  Did you realize there is approximately 1 Starbucks for every 345 square miles in the US.  When I'm looking for one...that number seems about right however when not looking, it seems there is 345 to every square mile.Long story short, that was my basic experience during a recent trip to Vegas.  I get very cranky if I do not have my morning coffee and since I am an early riser, I can typically count on Starbucks to be open to allow me my fix.Nothing that stands out about this particular Starbucks other than the fact it doesn't offer WiFi.The location is busy as it is located within the MGM Grand so I was fully expecting to wait awhile.  Fortunately for me, that wasn't the case as the baristas were quick to greet and equally as quick to serve.In summary, it's a Starbucks so you're basically going to get what you expect.....an overpriced drink.  In the mornings, I'm willing to pay almost anything for that black gold.
4	I have been here a few times when staying in Vegas and I always have a good experience. I did find it odd that they didn't have a toaster, though. But the baristas were nice and we got our order quickly. We usually go on weekday mornings and we've never found it to be overly crowded. This is a great place to grab a cold drink and a small pastry before heading out for the day.
4	Staff are always friendly here. It is slightly more pricey than an average Starbucks.They do ask $1 for tap water. But I brought my own water bottle so they gave me tap water for free.
2	Please retrain your staff, specifically Ariel.  Words like "pinche" and "chinga" can be easily translated for someone who is very familiar with Spanish.  Also, rolling your eyes doesn't help either.  I know my girlfriend didn't hear these things but I was standing right next to her.  I just sucked it up and told myself to stay cool while on vacation and not let a sour piehole like Ariel ruin the vacation.  On another note, drinks came out quick and accurate like all other Starbucks.
2	Went here because it was close and I needed to eat something for under $10.  The drinks and food are overpriced but they are consistent with all the other locations in the casinos.  The staff is pretty nice though so that's always a plus.I ordered the oatmeal(about $5) for my late night snack (dinner) and when receiving it, the cup was about half-full with about an inch or so of water covering the oatmeal.  I had to dump some of the water out in the trash just so it wouldn't be like I was eating oatmeal soup.I didn't order any coffee but I'm sure it would have been fine.  Either way, it kind of bummed me out a little bit but that's how things go.  Overall for coffee I'm sure they are just fine as they probably are for their other foods and pastries just don't order the oatmeal.
5	Good location!
