5	In one word, ShinBay is AMAZING!!!  Let me preface this review by saying that this is NOT a typical sushi bar, it is a gourmet Japanese restaurant, so if it's specialty sushi rolls that you're looking for, head to Geisha A Go Go or any of the other sushi spots that serve deep-fried, cream cheese laden, Americanized sushi as you will not find such fare here.  Rather, what you will find are some of the highest quality and most unique dishes that I can honestly say I've ever had paired with exceptional service. We decided to sit at the sushi bar, at which the manager had graciously reserved us prime seating.  My husband and I opted for the seven course chef's tasting as we've found that this is usually the best way to get a feel for what a new restaurant has to offer.  The courses that we had are summarized as follows:1.  Chilled asparagus soup - light and flavorful, left us looking forward to the courses ahead.2.  Scorpionfish carpaccio - the fish itself as well as the sauce it was served in had excellent flavor, I could have eaten a whole plate of this as an entree.3.  Sashimi sampler - a beautifully presented plate of six entirely different preparations of six different sashimis (including things we'd never had before such as giant clam and Japanese sea scallops), each having it's own unique flavors.  We watched this dish being prepared while we were consuming the first two courses and it took over 15 minutes just to prepare this one course.  The attention to detail and presentation was unbelievable!  4.  Steamed manilla clams with 5 types of Japanese mushrooms, served in their own broth - this dish actually derives its incredible flavor simply from steaming the clams and mushrooms together.  So delicious!5.  Foie gras wrapped in halibut - this Japanese "fondue-style" dish was incredible!  Our waiter brought out bite sized pieces of foie gras wrapped in a thin piece of halibut and served on a pick with a variety of dipping sauces and then brought us each a wooden box which housed the flame that heated a paper-lined wire mesh basket containing sake and water in which we placed each skewer for approximately 30 seconds before eating.  The foie gras absolutely melted in my mouth!6. Nigiri sushi - two separate plates (perhaps even two courses) of the highest quality Nigiri that I've ever had.  We inquired with the manager as to where the chef gets such high quality fish and were told that he has his fish flown in daily, which explains how such a small restaurant can have such amazingly fresh fish.7.  Japanese egg custard with fresh fruit - light, fluffy, and the perfect end to a perfect meal.  We aren't typically "dessert people" and rarely order dessert at a restaurant, but this was delicious!The chef's tasting that we had was $130 per person and without a doubt, was worth every penny.  We typically don't splurge quite that much when dining out and it would certainly be possible to order items a la carte and keep the cost to $50-$70 per person.  If you've read any of my other Yelp reviews, I think it's apparent that I do not gush about mediocre restaurants and am probably a bit harsher in my reviews than most are, but I can honestly say that if it were possible to give ShinBay six stars, I would.  We will be back soon and often.  I'm so glad that we found this gem!
5	ShinBay will absolutely blow you away.  Seriously.  It's an entirely different dining experience from any other Japanese restaurant.  Michelle G's articulate review from 6/27/2011 said everything perfectly, so I won't be redundant here.  What I *will* add is that I also did the Chef's Tasting for $130, had no idea what was coming, loved every single bite, and would do so again without hesitation.  Not only will the food *truly* redefine your expectations of how a Japanese meal should taste with unique flavor combinations that will surprise and delight you, but the superb staff will spoil you with the professionalism of a Ritz Carlton.  (Shout out to Seth and John!)I was a huge fan of "ShinBay 1.0", which closed in Ahwatukee 5 years ago.  It quickly became a mandatory stop for all visiting friends, relatives and business associates.  When we found out ShinBay was reopening in Scottsdale, we were ecstatic!  And our first return visit did NOT disappoint - to the contrary, it was even better than we remembered.It's hard not to speak in hyperbolic cliches when it comes to this level of dining experience, but suffice it say - there are plenty of Japanese restaurants and sushi places.  But there is only ONE ShinBay.Thanks for coming back.  We've missed you!
5	Japanese cuisine is by far one of our absolute favorites and it has been a challenge finding tasty and authentic variations of it in Arizona. We have been disappointed far too many times, so were cautiously optimistic about Shin Bay. It blew our minds! The chef took our likes and dislikes into consideration creating a truly enjoyable experience from start to finish.  Every course was masterfully prepared and presented. The excellent selection of japanese beers, including a japanese pale ale, and delicious chilled sake help to elevate the meal. Our experience was so good we went back the next week to celebrate our anniversary! Yes, it is not cheap, but well worth it. Shin Bay is a gem to be found in the desert. We will for sure be regulars.
5	I have to agree with every word that Michelle G. said...AMAZING only scratches the surface!  My friend and I usually go to another sushi restaurant, but it was closed on Sunday, so I pulled out Phoenix Magazine Best New Restaurants and thankfully we found ShinBay!  The restaurant is tucked away in the Scottsdale Seville, and the atmosphere is very clean lines, modern, fantastic!Our server Meredith, and another server (I'm so sorry I forgot your name) helped us navigate the small menu...when I small, it is not to offend.  I believe a menu should reflect one cuisine and every single item should be able to done to perfection.  In this case, this small menu does not disappoint!  Meredith suggested a wonderful wine, a crisp, fruity Sauv Blanc to go along with our ShinBay tasting menu.  1.  We started with a trio of cold items....Tuna tar tare with pine nuts and avocado (melt in your mouth, the pine nuts added a different spin on the typical tar tare), Halibut sashimi in miso, and a charred Scallop on heirloom tomato with truffle oil, truffle salt, and thinly sliced truffles.  I am normally not a truffle lover, but this knocked my socks off!  Each item was seasoned to perfection and delicious!2.  The hot course was Wagyu  beef served with a Japanese ceramic grill.  It was accompanied by oyster mushrooms, Himalayan sea salt and ShinBay's variation on steak sauce.  This was an interactive course.  The grill is presented sizzling hot, you add a bit of the beef fat to the grill to season it, then you start grillin'!  Cindy and I had a great time preparing everything, and I am sure the expressions on our face were priceless to the staff!3.  The third course was a compilation of fresh nigiri.  You will have to forgive me, I can't remember their exact names...each piece was meant to escalate from lightest tasting to the fattiest.  Again, I don't intend to offend by stating "fattiest".  In this case this was Toro, which literally melted in my mouth!  We actually started with the Toro and went backwards.  Next was shrimp, a "sardine" like fish but less oily, tuna, and then something similar to yellowtail.  Each piece was seasoned again to perfection to enhance the fish.  There was just enough ginger to cleanse your palate after each piece!  No need for wasabi and soy sauce AT ALL!!4.  The final course was a Japanese custard with black sugar cane syrup and fresh fruit.  I love Creme Brulee and this was light and delicious, the perfect ending!On a Sunday night, we were the only patrons, so we chatted with everyone there.  They were all so kind and we had a fantastic time!  You have to forgive me for not remembering everyone's names, but your wine selections were spot on!!Thanks for an amazing Sushi experience!!
5	Cannot say enough about our superb experiences at ShinBay.  Upon entering the serene dining room, and until the last morsel is eaten, the diner is treated most graciously.  The array of pristine, beautifully plated dishes thrill the senses.  Splurge on the Omakase, sit back and marvel at Chef Kurita's exquisite offerings of favorites and rarities.  Those who consider themselves purists of Japanese cuisine will find the dining here transcendent, and the adventurous will find space in their wallets to come back as often as possible.
5	Forget whatever you know about sushi and come to ShinBay. The food here is wonderful and each dish pushes the envelope of what you know as the "best tasting sushi you've ever tried..."  Don't get me wrong, there are several nice sushi places around town but ShinBay doesn't hold back on the quality of fish they use so the end result on your plate is PHENOMENAL. Go try it and I'm sure you'll enjoy it. :)
1	The food is good but the attitude and service is horrendous! We went to Shinbay last night. It was our second visit as we wanted to give it another try.  We will not go back.Apparently, I did the unthinkable and asked for soy sauce, wasabi and ginger. I was told the sushi was already seasoned and I would not be getting what I had requested.  The customer was not the priority here and it lead to an interesting dinner. Really-no soy sauce, ginger or wasabi?
5	Elegant sushi art at it's finest!. A class unto itself. My FAVE sexy cozy spot.  The fact that they have amazing, and I mean amazing orgasmic food and ambience in this strip mall is crazy! I close my eyes with every bite and melt into my seat. I am so happy I found this little slice of refined sushi heaven. Top notch, top class. Worth finding and worth every single benjamin.
5	A real gem, hidden behind a Starbucks in a strip mall in North Scottsdale. Minimalist decor was soothing and service excellent. No sushi rolls, just delicious well prepared Japanese food. Restaurants in Scottsdale are often expensive and mediocre, but ShinBay delivers on every level. If you love fresh well prepared sushi and other Japanese delicacies, then this is the place for you.
5	OMG, the definitely the best Japanese restaurant in town. I'm Japanese and I'm very picky about Japanese food. We had chef's special course and was seriously amazing!! Thank you Shinji san:)
5	The food, ambiance, and service here are phenomenal.  The 4-course tasting was unique and divine in it's flavors, and beautifully presented.  The portions were generous but not excessive, and each dish was truly memorable.  ShinBay holds it's own to other fantastic meals I've had at excellent Japanese restaurants around the country including Urasawa in Beverly Hills, and Nobu in Honolulu, Miami, Vegas, and NYC.  This is not a large restaurant - so make a reservation for sure if you're in the area!
5	Top notch restaurant. Delicious food and great service :-)
5	Probably the most serious restaurant for food in Scottsdale.  Great attention to detail from the chefs, management and servers.  Shin does warm up after a few visits - we've been there probably 10 times in the last 18 months.  ShinBay is a must for anyone truly into food.  Given the ingredients - both the sheer number of them and the overall quality I would actually call the pricing here a downright bargain.
5	The best meal I ever had! It was worth every penny (the tasting menu starts at 50 bucs a person). The quality of fish paired with the different flavors was amazing. I also loved the ceramic grill that you can cook your own meat on. Truly a unique experience. I recommend anyone who wants a high quality dining experience
5	I've lived in Tokyo for 4 years and go back regularly for work and always enjoy the food, especially sushi.  I find it very hard to find comparable style food Stateside, but will say that Shinbay is just that.  The chef is from Japan and the food is absolutely phenomenal.  We had the chef recommendations and everything was fabulous (keep in mind that I have a taste for Asian foods).  Great sake menu to boot.  Highly recommended if you have the wallet for it.
5	We celebrated our wedding anniversary at Shinbay.  We ordered the $100 dollar Omakase, and we were not disappointed.  We started off with a seared grouper (absolutely amazing), next came 6 Japanese tapas which included a Kumamoto oyster with uni, maguro tartar, scallop roll everything was excellent.  Next was a delicately pan fried prawn with an uni.  4th course they brought 2 personal grills to prepare some amazing American wagyu beef with mushrooms and asparagus!  Wow it was really good.  Final course was a quality sushi set, my favorite was mackerel, otoro and maguro was quality as well.  We finished with a dessert of chawanmushi and green tea.  The meal was a bit spendy, but the quality and attention to detail was spot on.  Service was crisp and friendly.  My wife is Japnese and I lived in Japan for 4 years, and we were both extremely happy diners this evening.   I was even able to enjoy an Asahi Super Dry draft  in an icey mug yummy!  We are sure to be back!
4	The food was delicious but the portions were like appetizer size and priced like entree prices.
5	Absolutely amazing!!!Delicious food with beautiful presentations, nice ambiance, super friendly staff and excellent services!! We had the four course 'Yu' tasting menu with a complimentary chef's dessert, every single dish was to die for. So here's a bit of recap:1st course - seared halibut 2nd course - trio of sashimi - tuna tartar, Japanese amberjack, and Japanese sea scallops3rd course - 'grill your own steak' (you literally get your personal japanese styled grill and started cooking however the way you want your meat to be!4th course -  sushi nigiri - blue fin tuna, atlantic trout, white shrimp, japanese horse mackerel, toro (tuna's belly) and one other japanese fish that I couldn't remember the name...dessert - housemade pudding/custard with many kinds of fresh fruit - YUMMMM!!What we had today might not be yours even if you ask for the same four course tasting menu because the chef receives different fish and other ingredients based on availability and seasons, but no matter what you have, i'm sure it'll be just as amazing.Oh, please do not expect to see little bottles of soy sauce on the table, everything is perfectly seasoned upon arriving at  our table, all you got is to enjoy it :)I can't wait to go back!!!
5	We ate here on September 8 to celebrate my wife's birthday, and I have to say this was, without doubt, one of the best meals we've ever had in the Phoenix area!We were lucky enough to get a seat at the chef's counter and got to watch the masters at work.  We both ordered the 4 course omokase meal and let the chef decide what we'd have.  We also shared a bottle of amazing sake.1st course - white fish carpaccio - OMG delicious!2nd course - trio of tuna sashimi salad(?): sashimi with pine nuts, oyster with sea urchin,  forgot the third piece :(  But it was all fantastic!  I was a bit scared of the oyster/urchin but it was AMAZING.3rd course - washu style beef - we grilled the beef on a hot rock.  Was delicious!4th course - the best damned nigiri sushi either of us have ever had!!  OH MAN!  This was almost worth the full cost of the dinner.  I've never had any sushi come close.  Unbelievable.We also had a complimentary japanese custard desert that was also outstanding.The service was perfect.  The atmosphere is super high end Japanese - simple, zen, wood, cool.  Classical music played.  This was also one of our most expensive meals here in the Phoenix area.  Pricier than Mastro's even, but it was worth every last penny.  Dinner could have been considerably less expensive if we'd tried one of their rare Japanese beers instead of the sake, but we were really happy with the sake.For the money, this place is worth 6 Yelp stars if that was possible.I haven't eaten at Nobu-san's followup to Sea Saw, but Shinbay was at least as good as Sea Saw if not better, so it may well now be the best Japanese place in the Valley.
4	ShinBay is a very fun and adventurous sushi experience. The chef's tasting menu was diverse and satisfying: the halibut appetizer and clam/mushroom entree were standouts.The relaxing atmosphere enhances a special occassion.  The service could be crisper.
5	My friend who visited the are encouraged me to try this place.  I made my reservations and specified that we wanted to try the $125 tasting menu.  I received an email to make sure there were no dietary restrictions and my reservation was confirmed.  The restaurant is tucked away inside a strip mall (I guess there are a lot of strip malls in Scottsdale) and we were warmly greeted by the host/manager.  It's dimly lit, but warmly decorated, with classical music in the background.  The food was fresh and delicious.  Who would have thought that fish this fresh could be found in the middle of the desert  Like my friend said, this place is on par with Urusawa, Morimoto, Nobu... all the big names in sushi.  If you want rolls with funky names and weird sauces, or deep fried sushi, this isn't the place for you.  It's also not the Ocean Buffet where you can stuff your face with 100 pieces of sushi for $19.  I only poke fun because I've done both.  You go here for a nicely paced, delicious "sushi" experience.  Service was attentive and worth the $$$$.  check it out.
5	Amazing!  I was so happy to see authentic Japanese in the Phoenix area. This is not your standard sushi bar.  The chef makes you pretty much whatever he wants to.  NO ROLLS HERE!!Memorable items:Uni wrapped in halibut wrapped in shiso, then tempura fried. It was out of this world. Tai sashimi dressed perfectly. All nigiri was awesome.  I am a pretty tough sushi critic, and ShinBay gives me a solid reason to come back to Phoenix. If I lived here, I would be a once a weeker, I would get to know this chef, because I have a very strong feeling that I barely scratched the surface of what he is capable of doing.  Great great great!
5	I broke my cardinal rule of dining, which is never eat sushi/sashimi/Japanese food outside of California or Manhattan in the U.S., because the reviews of this place were so solid that I had to try it.ShinBay blew my mind (in a super fantastical way). We did the 4 course tasting menu (we couldn't call ahead to reserve a bigger tasting menu because we only found this place online 3 hours before dinner on our last night in Scottsdale). We also got a bottle of sake from the less expensive menu. Every course was ridiculously amazing. The uni alone changed my world. It is the best sushi I have ever eaten in my life, and it may have ruined me for lesser places.I will seriously fly back to Scottsdale just to eat here again, and I'm not that big a high roller. It's just worth it.
5	An Experience.  Order from the menu, or try the 5 course tasting ($100) or 6 course ($125). I did the 5 course, and it was PLENTY of food + you get dessert.  This is the real thing for sushi. The chefs carve it right off the fish, so you know it's not prepackaged.  The staff is very attentive, the food is adventurous, and a lot of care is put into presentation.  If you're looking for something DIFFERENT, this is not your typical sushi place.
5	For Asian Fusion, this is a very rare find. Foodies will be amazed. Started with a Tempura appetizer which was house made, light battered, fresh and served with several spice cups for dipping. I strongly advise the 3 or 4 course tasting. Similar to an Asian tapas, we started out with a seafood selection including an oyster, shrimp, etc. It was total savory stimulation. The main course could be kobe beef cooked on your own hot ceramic plate or a cod slowly cooked with light spices. Finished with a sushi assortment which was the best I'd ever had. I found the white shrimp to be the best, but all were excellent. Price is reflective of the great food and service. Small venue. Splurge and enjoy!
5	Amazing!  All 5 star reviews are right on!2nd time was as good as first!4 course with wine/saki pairings each time.OMG!
5	Great!  Loved it.  Expensive, but a wonderful experience.  Ambiance and decor was innovative.  I did the 3 course meal.  Uni and oyster on the shell was something I enjoyed and haven't ever had.
4	With all due respect to previous reviewers, I feel it necessary to add a bit of moderation here. We come from LA and are used to pretty terrific Japanese food (try Sushi Kimagure in Pasadena for a lovely kaiseki experience outside of midtown Manhattan). The food here is good, but it is too expensive for what it is. We got the multi-course $125 per person kaiseki dinner. The sake menu is slim and there are no inexpensive options; it is missing most of the reasonable favorites one is used to finding. Our check with tip was around $500 for two people. Yes, you read that correctly. Furthermore, our dinner was identical to the couple next to ours who did the $100 dinner - we simply got one extra course. The staff is nice, the dishes are well crafted and attractive. The food is really good (sometimes over-sauced or overcooked - you get the idea), but it is not really, really great - and it darn well better be if I am paying that much. It is sort of a trendy, hipster version of an authentic kaiseki experience, from my perspective. That is reflected in the food preparation, alcohol selection, pricing and general vibe. It just isn't on par with the great Japanese meals I have eaten in NY, Vancouver and LA. I am not going to belabor the details, if you have eaten high end kaiseki meals, you will see what I mean. Good, but not amazing. And they need to offer people sake options that do not force them to spend another 200 bucks. Yikes.
5	This is my first review. Omakase (i.e. "chef's choice") is not recommended for everyone, but if you are in the mood for the best meal you will ever eat in your life, this place is for you. Went with a date, and had the 5 course tasting menu, with a couple of bottles of sake. Every bite of food was better than the last. I won't go into detail about our entire meal, but standouts included the steamed clam soup, with 5 different types of mushrooms, and the whole fried shrimp appetizer. (Don't be afraid, eat the head)Itamae, Kurita-san, is a master of flavor and composition. 5-stars. I will be back... as often as my pocketbook allows.
2	As soon as I finished dining there I made a promise to myself that I am going to write a lengthy review about this sushi place to share some thoughts. Read on IF and ONLY IF you are a crazy sushi-lover who knows the difference between Americanized sushi and authentic Japanese sushi, can tell a bluefin from a yellowfin, and could basically read a sushi menu in Romanized Japanese without referring to the English translations. You are advised to ignore this review if you do not fit the description above. I know this makes me sound like a snob, but I am not one. In fact, I take pride in being open-minded to culinary creativity. I like good restaurants, but I LOVE those with creative twists. That's why I read the reviews here and decided to try the tasting menu ($125 pp) at this place. Needless to say, it was a major disappointment.First, the chef broke the fundamental law in sushi philosophy. A sushi chef, who uses only the best materials available, should try his best to bring out the natural tastiness of fish. Why ruin it with all those strong scallions? What's the point of eating raw fish if it tastes EXACTLY like a steamed fish dish with soy sauce and scallions from a Chinese restaurant? Oh except that this raw fish does NOT taste as good and that eating undercooked meat might lead to health risks! I would have tolerated it if that sushi dish was the only scallion-ridden dish in the tasting menu, but it WASN'T. There were so many that I felt bad for the chopping guy in the kitchen.Second, the chef did a poor job with the menu design. We had strong and rich dishes back-to-back with each other, without an intermittent light dish. The order in which the sushi pieces were arranged was also a bit wrong.Last but not least, the restaurant's selection of materials could be improved. The tempura shrimp was almost tasteless, possibly because it was not as fresh as it should have been.In short, I came in here looking for innovative sushi, but found commonplace Cantonese food instead. (I am a Cantonese Chinese person who loves steamed fish so I felt proud for my own culture for a second there, in a very awkward way.) Hence, I'm not saying you should never be taking your friends from Japan there, but all I'm saying is that maybe you don't want to brag about it too much before they taste the food. Just lower your expectations and you might enjoy it nevertheless.
5	One of the first things I noticed when walking into Shinbay is that the decor is very clean and simple. Very FengShui.  A sleek modern appearances matches the style of food served at the restaurant.  We had the 7 course chef's special which I recommend b/c it'll give you best variety.The meal begins with a hot towel presented to you to prep you for the rest of the night.1.  First course: The Abura Tsukuri - wild halibut with hot grape seed oil.  The fish was very fresh and served slightly cool.  The oil has a tangy taste with a subtle sweetness which was a good complement.  2.  The hamachi salad with onion soy dressing seemed plain, but at least the hamachi was fresh.3.  The 3rd course was my favorite.  It had 6 sample pieces of tsukuri: Tuna tartar, king crab, live orange clam, seared scallop, kumamoto oysters & blue shrimp.  The presentation was immaculate.  I didn't want to eat it.  :-)  The fresh fish in each sample complemented the seasonings and vegetables.  Each sample is able to eaten in its entirety.  This is the best way to eat it as all the flavors and textures mixed in the mouth creates a wonderful blend.4.  The steamed black cod with shimeji mushroom, spinach, etc.  This soup was probably the most traditionally prepared dish of the tasting menu.  Light, simple and good transition before the heavier course that came afterwards.5. Washu beef with housemade steak sauce.  This was a fun course b/c you get to be the cook.  Let the beef fat melt on the grill, and grill the meat.  The beef was of high quality and very thinly cut.  It only needed to be lightly seared on the grill to bring out the flavor of the meat, which I liked.  The steak sauce (used sparingly) was an added bonus.6. Nigiri section: kinme dai, kisu, sheda ebi, big eye tuna, kampachi, o-toro.The sauce, wasabi & rice were already added on the sushi. The blend of the ingredients didn't overpower the flavor of the fish. 7. Steamed egg custard with dark cane syrup and fruit.  This was a great way to end the meal.  What I loved about this dessert was that it was simple and not too sweet. Overall, this was an excellent place for modern Japanese cuisine.  I felt like each of the dishes provided a hint of sweetness in the flavor and the Japanese fusion gives a different appeal to the traditional Japanese food.  All the fish was of fine quality and served at the correct temperature.  Sometimes I feel like the sushi/sashami at certain restaurant are served too cold.
5	Best tasting food I have had. Pricey but worth the money. Went there for my wife's birthday and she loved it too. We both had the 5 course chefs choice. It was plenty for my wife but I will go for the 6 course next time. I highly recommend this place.
5	One of my favorite Japanese places is Wakuriya in the Bay Area.  Each dish there is a work of art.  However some are better tasting than others.ShinBay is the opposite.  The food here is all about quality and taste.  Ask me what dish was my favorite.  Very very tough.  Ask me which one I disliked the most.  I can't tell you.  Don't get me wrong, the presentation was excellent but the food was the star.
5	The difficult thing about rating ShinBay 5 stars is that it makes me question my previous reviews and my own desire to go places with a 5 star rating, when perhaps 4 is the benchmark of truly awesome.  Let's face it, 5 stars should be an unforgettable experience that few places could hope to achieve and ShinBay is just that.The other thing that makes me know it was that incredible is when I think about what it cost vs. what we received I feel it was a bargain.My husband and I actually stumbled upon ShinBay several years ago in Ahwatukee.   It was the first place I ever went where I put my dinner in the hands of chef and just said go there.  I ate things that I still to this day have no idea about as at the time it was just the chef and his wife.  He didn't say and she mostly showed me pictures when I asked.  We have never forgotten though how incredible it was and have been waiting for the chef to find a new home. For various reasons we didn't make it in for what I am guessing is a year since its opening.  It was a bit of shock to see additional chefs, one of whom was a favorite sushi chef from another restaurant.  There were also servers and a host, all things you didn't see before.  One comment my husband made about the space was the amount there was between diners allowed for more focus on the food and not other patrons.   There is no questions that the food deserves all of your attention.  We ordered the $125 dinner which was 7 courses at all.  It started with halibut sashimi which I can't really explain other than it melted in your mouth and was incredible; then there were 6 different tastes all completely different and each a work of art; a mushroom and clam soup; a massive tiger shrimp; a do it yourself poaching adventure with scallops, blue shrimp, and uni; two nigiri courses where each piece was treated to master craftsmanship; and an exceptionally light custard with dark syrup and fruit.That is a very short listing that only tells you the idea of courses because there is no way for me to describe what we had with any amount of justice.  Also, the nature of the food is that it will change with season and time.  One thing I am of sure of though, it was a true 5 star moment.
5	Amazing culinary experience.Find out what you're getting into before you go. Maybe not for everyone, but if you like an adventure and don't mind paying for the occasional extravagance (Anniversary? Yes.) this should be on the list.ShinBay chefs are artists, and food is their medium. What is available to eat is entirely up to them, and varies from visit to visit. Each course you are served is another step in a journey of taste.We're working on finding a worthy "excuse" to go back as soon as possible.
5	Shinbay was everything I expected it to be and more (which is pretty impressive as we had built it up in our minds for months before we went). We went there for my fiance's birthday and ordered the 5 course tasting menu. Each course was more phenomenal than the next. Keep it up! Phoenix is lucky to have such a phenomenal restaurant.
5	LOVE this place. The best sushi and one of the best meals I've ever had. Prix fixe menu. You can clearly feel the quality and emphasis on detail as soon as you walk through the door - the owner is meticulous and it shows.Expect to pay $50+ per person minimum. The menu is perfection and prix fixe changes daily. One of the best restaurants I've ever been to, and unbeatable for the price.Book your reservations today!
5	Just came back from ShinBay.  It was the best dining experience I had in Arizona.  This is compares to Kai, Roka Akor and Binkley's.My wife and I chose the $125 Prix Fixe menu at the Chef's table.  My wife added a glass of bubbly and I got a Japanese micro-brew beer.  It was a great learning opportunity to see the precision and delicate touch of a great sushi chef.  All the cold dishes are prepare right in front of the chef's table.Well thought out dishes.  Beautiful presentation.  Amazing combination of favors.  The desert custard is a great finish along with a cup of green tea.  My stand-out dish was melt in the mouth Toro sushi.  My wife's favorite was the cook-at-the-table scallop.All dishes are changed per availability of freshest ingredient.  So each visit will be slightly different.Keep in mind this is a mostly seafood restaurant.  So be prepare for that.  You will be asked about food allergy when you make reservation.I believe the overall experience is well worth the price of admission.  Figure about $150-180 pp including drinks, tax and tips for the Prix Fixe menu.
5	Absolutely as good as it gets.  We went here for a birthday, and got the tasting menu.  There were 8 courses of incredibly detailed sushi plates, including huge amounts of real wasabi, and truffles.  This was the best meal of my life.
5	Wow. Sushi in AZ. Never would have thought.  The aji was great. I'm not always a fan of the mackerel, but this was excellent. Ultimately, everything we had was pretty darn good for land locked sushi. I'm a bit jaded on the art of sushi being an Angeleno.Lovely decor, lovely food, lovely sake. Excellent.
5	Wow!!!  So first of all, ShinBay is not a sushi restaurant, although their fish is as fresh as it gets (given the distance from the Tsukiji Fish Market).  While some of their dishes start as a sashimi or nigiri base, they add astounding creative fusion touches that combine flavors and textures that take your mouth and taste buds on a culinary safari.  Great attentive service that ensured a most memorable evening.   As a native Californian who has high expectations from the high bar that LA and SF set, this was a pleasant surprise.  ShinBay ranks with the best that I have had there (or Tokyo or Kyoto, for that matter!).    Will definitely be back whenever we pass through the Phoenix area.
5	Outstanding omakase, surprising in Scottsdale.  Really well done chef's choice tasting.  The whole ambiance is zen, and they have a surprisingly strong collection of sake.  I opted for the 5-course omakase (keep in mind you have to call the day before):- Course 1 - Kampachi with truffle oil.  Fairly classic opening, but set the tone due to the surprising freshness- Course 2 - Very well done sashimi platter.  This was more eclectic than usual, and perhaps the standout of the meal.  There were a number of items, ranging from firefly quid, Hokkaido scallop with truffle, Tuna Tartar with some in-house baked wafer, amaebi (with the fried head), and a salmon rolled into cucumber.  Fresh wasabi on a number of items gave a great pop along with the yuzu sauce- Course 3 - mushroom and clam soup.  5 different types of mushrooms.  Huge bowl.  Very filling and warm.  Interesting course- Course 4 - cooked alaskan black cod in miso sauce and japanese radish.  This is a classic Nobu dish, but ShinBay did it up with a larger portion.  Absolutely delicious- Couse 5 -  sushi course was 6 pieces of fresh, inventive sushi.  Everything was pre-sauced, and veered to the sea salt and yuzu side.  Reminded me a lot of Nobu, again.  Fresh ginger was good- Course 6 - dessert course was surprisingly fun, and thankfully light.  It was an egg custard with fresh berries and some sweet sauce.  Nice, smallish portion was a pleasant way to end the mealOverall, I'd highly recommend ShinBay over the numerous "roll factories" that hold down Phoenix's sushi scene.  The fish, apparently, is flown in fresh from Tokyo's fish market, and the staff is knowledgeable and pleasant.  The head sushi chef is in zen land and does not interact much, but his proteges are talkative.
5	5 stars. This place is no joke. They do it right. All of the food is fresh and delicious. The service is great and the atmosphere is what you'd expect. You have to be willing to surrender your will to the chef but I can assure you that its worth it. We had no idea what was coming to the table but it was all awesome! We'll definitely be eating with the people at ShinBay again.
3	We went to ShinBay for our anniversary dinner.  It was good food, but we've definitely had better Japanese food for half the price.  We went for the $125 tasting menu, and the best course was the dessert.  Hubby and I enjoyed Roka Akor much more.  I have to say the service was excellent though!
5	We choose ShinBay to celebrate Mother's Day.  My family thoroughly enjoyed our dinner and the total experience.  Omakase is an unique type of Japanese cuisine, unlike the regular sushi and sashimi dishes most people are familiar with.  ShinBay serves such refined dishes, each course, with individual pieces, was superb!  This place is small and cozy and the service was excellent!  Our server carefully described each dishes when it was presented.  My teenage son swallowed down every morsel of food and the rest of us savored through it.  My family travled to Asia quite often and had few experiences of Imakase, ShinBay delivered this cuisine in its true form!  As for price tag, it is actually very reasonable!  We would definitely go back again, however, will be for another special occasion.
5	ShinBay is a step above Roka Akor - and reminded me more of walking down a Tokyo street and dashing in for a creative culinary adventure. We nearly ordered everything on the menu and were delighted at every turn, starting with house made tofu, through a perfectly seasoned and textured black cod, to fresh and thoughtful sushi, tempura to die for, a steamed mushroom dish, a seafood sampler that included a fresh Kumamoto oyster with sea urchin, and finishing up with custard dessert styled from Okinawa. Every dish was something we had never seen prepared that way. Get the chef's course OR do what we did - order a variety of dishes off the menu, which for us cost about $75 per person (with a couple drinks each) versus the $125 (or so) chef's course that the house recommend. Either way, if you appreciate creative and fresh Japanese food, you will be in heaven.
5	Went today and invited a few of my friends to join me in an epic meal.This time, I went to see if the food was consistent and to gauge how different the omakase was, a month later.  First of all, I want to say EVERYONE that I had with me loved it.  They unanimously agreed it was the best sushi they've ever had and the entire dinner was filled with sounds of Mmmms and Ohmahgawds.  I think some agreed it was the best meal they've had.  There were a few overlapping items for me, but it was different enough for me to be satisfied.  Consistency!  It was just as good as the first time!  This place makes every other sushi restaurant in Arizona seem like supermarket fare.  Finally, a few people may think it is too expensive for a meal.  Here's my take.  We had six courses with a dessert for a total of 7 courses.  The second course was six different small portions of completely different items.  If you're counting the six pieces of nigiri in course number 6, that is a lot of different dishes and items to prepare.  Osetra caviar, huuuuge pieces of fois gras, nigerian tiger prawn, giant clam, toro, Kumamoto oysters, black sea bass... were just a FEW of the ingredients in our long list of bites.  That is sooo worth 125$.  Best deal and best meal in Arizona.  Period.
5	Absolutely fabulous . Pure ecstasy if you love Japanese inspired food. Worth every penny and I will be back!
5	Amazing sushi! We were delighted with our dining experience. We sat at the chefs counter. We had the $100 chefs choice dinner. Every course was delicious and unique!  I don't think to go and have the chefs choice at a table would do this justice.  To be able to view the process and the artistry/detail of the preparation and plating of the food is pretty special.  Sushi - Obviously tremendously fresh, melt in your mouth quality.  The beauty of the tasting is that it's just an entirely different experience.  If anything it's more than just the fish, but other dishes that you'd probably not expect to order.   I can't wait to go back.Probably if you're all about the sashimi i'd suggest ordering sashimi only and have no doubt you won't be disappointed.  But i gotta say, this experience was like no other i've had before.
5	EPIC culinary adventure.I recently heard about ShinBay from an out of town friend. She presented the restaurant as an exclusive Japanese experience with incredible food, basically the place you want to try at least once in your life.Since the website is meek and doesn't say a whole lot about the experience, I decided to pop by while I was in the neighborhood to hopefully land a seat after my meeting.Of course, on a Friday night they were booked SOLID and about to start service. I chatted with the host about how ShinBay works, the food options I could expect and the overall process. I let him know my wife was vegetarian, to make sure she had options available - so he showed me the beautiful photos of the dishes readily available via iPad.I ended up booking a reservation for Sunday evening (lucky for the availability) SO excited to try it out we showed up on time and were given a seat at the Chef's counter. Awesome view. I highly recommend sitting here if it's your first time in. The entire process is meticulous and perfect, like a Japanese ballet of food.After being welcomed by the host like old friends, my wife asked me how I knew him.  She was obviously surprised when I explained we just met on Friday...The entire staff was the same way. Attentive and friendly they made the whole experience event better.The food was perfect. All of the flavor combinations were so complimentary. The Washugyu beef was beyond amazing and of course the Nigiri was the icing on the cake.Of course this place cost a pretty penny, but I would definitely visit again and again for an incredible experience.++++++
5	Once in a lifetime experience. Super sushi, everything is simply awesome!
5	I went back just to prove to myself it was as good as I thought the first time. IT WAS!! Totally happy with everything !
5	It's always gratifying to have your expectations exceeded, especially when those expectations are already high. I had run across recommendations for ShinBay on a number of different sites and has for some time now been on my top 10 must-try list. No need to read through the rest of this review. Take the time out of your schedule and give ShinBay a shot.I took a date to ShinBay over this past weekend for a special occasion. I specified a few details in my Open Table reservation, including a wish for flowers, along with a couple of food requests. While the food requests should be pretty normal for restaurant of this caliber, I was pleasantly surprised that they had purchased a dozen roses for my date, waiting at the table when we arrived!So I could pretty much write a novel on the food, considering the level of detail that went into the seven-course tasting menu. It felt like much more than seven courses - Some of the dishes included more multiple parts, including the six-components of the second course and the array of nigiri laid out during the sixth course. Highlights of the meal included the savory and sweet foi gras (third course) and the very delicate and surprisingly lightly fried and battered colossal shrimp (fourth course). The sashimi as the first course, clams as the fifth course and the custard desert were all very special and came in as close contenders to my favorites.Upon departing, the staff wrapped up the flowers to go and also provided an amazingly detailed hand-written note on the different courses from the night. I can only hope that the standard dining experience, sans tasting menu, is just as special as what I experienced. ShinBay comes with my highest recommendation.[This review is based on my visit on July 27, 2013]
3	overpriced and under served ... would prefer to go elsewhere
1	I just want to say thank you for denying us service at 6pm when it was completely dead inside your restaurant and telling my guests and I everything was reserved.We ended up at Roka Akor which seemed like a better environment anyways when we walked in, and the food was incredible.Here's the ironic part, we went to you first because you had the highest rating on Yelp. Sucks to shoot yourself in the foot, aye? If I could give zero stars for customer service, I would. Good luck :)
5	We went to ShinBay for dinner last night after reading the reviews on Yelp. We were not disappointed! The food and service were excellent.  We will return.
5	I don't think I've ever had a better meal in all of Arizona. If there were 10 stars, ShinBay would get them all. MMM.We did the tasting menu. The starter was a halibut sashimi in a ponzu like sauce. Typically, you wouldn't think of halibut as being the go to sashimi, but it was prepared perfectly and can't think of a better sashimi dish. The next course was a bento box with different small apps. Each one was better than the last. We especially enjoyed the oyster and uni. The third dish was a mushroom soup. It was phenomenal! The fourth dish was a "cook your own" wagyu. At first we were hesitant to do this, but once we realized how amazing this meat was we couldn't get enough. The final dish (and surprisingly the best) was a plate of nigiri. Every piece was perfectly done and SO fresh. This was the best nigiri we have found anywhere in AZ. For desert we had a custard with fruit that was the perfect ending to the tasting. Overall, the prices are very high, but extremely worth it. Alcohol prices are reasonable. This is a truly perfect spot for any special occasion!
2	Do yourself a favor by saying you have shellfish allergy.We really wanted to love this place and be blown away. I was excited to see so many positive reviews and thought we would also enjoy the experience. I hope my review will serve s a cautionary tale to the real sushi lovers.  PLEASE TELL THEM YOU HAVE SHELLFISH ALLERGY IF YOU GO.. or you're just going to eat a whole lot of shellfish, like us.1. hirame also known as halibut, which was over seasoned with garlic and onions.the green onions over powered the entire dish. Still somewhat tasty compared to the rest of the meal.2. plate of 6 different appetizer samplers. this is where everything goes down hill. the only thing that was tasty was the tuna tartar with pine nuts & kumomato oyster with uni.  the rest was all flavorless shellfish-shrimp. chilled baby octopus. chilled seared scallops. miso clam. moving on.3. clams and "wild"mushroom poached in wine butter. there was no savory/ acid/something to bring this dish together. i was missing some type of texture or something to cut the richness of the buttery flavor. the server said that there was 5-6 types of mushrooms.. like i'm supposed to be impressed by shitake, shimeji, enokitake mushrooms or host of other mushrooms that are easily accessible at the local asian market for  less than $3. not impressed.4./5. shabu shabu of scallop, scallop liver, and one piece of halibut.. and deep fried king prawn with xo sauce. I don't remember in which order. the shabu was decent but redundant because of the choice of protein, the fried prawn was not crispy and actually soggy and over seasoned. at this pointed i told the server we no longer want shellfish. she said that the last course typically doesnt have shellfish, and went back to her corner to chat with the other server. as if my dissatisfaction of the meal wasn't worth alerting the chef about....Maybe we should've sat at the sushi bar.6. we had 5 pc of nigiri, of which 3 were good.. and had silver something shrimp.. which were some tiny slimy baby shrimps smaller than krill-which I couldn't stomach to eat--, and halibut.... AGAIN... need i say more? *pulls hair*We had halibut in 3 courses - although its not shellfish.. whats the point of having omakase if i get served the same thing. :(shrimp/prawn in 3 coursesScallops in 2 coursesclam/oyster in 2 courses.dessert was the saving grace of the entire meal. we haven't had shellfish since shinbay.needless to say we won't be returning.
5	Just thinking the name "Shinbay" makes my mouth water. The whole experience was perfect. The courses were a work of art. Every flavor was distinct, subtle and delightful. We lived in Japan for 6 years and I haven't tasted some of these flavors since then. I can't wait to go back. The decor, service and wine list were all five stars as well. This was a wonderful dining experience.
5	This is the best Japnese Restaurant in  Phoenix area!  All my family love to go there for dinner!  Make sure you call first to make a special request!
4	My wife and I were really excited to try this place as we have heard great things online. We left feeling torn about the place. The fish was fresh and tasted good but we don't think it was worth the 100 dollars for the 5 course omakase. This would equate to about $20 for each dish and I could not justify that. We dined at Brooklyn Fare in New York and had some amazing fish courses there and I was expecting the same quality but it definitely did not measure up. It was a place I really wanted to try at least once but will likely not be coming back for a second meal. I feel I could get very similar dishes at a nice Japanese sushi place without having to pay so much.
5	I had an incredible and unique meal here last week. I was traveling on business and wanted to treat myself to a nice solo meal. This place is quiet and has small portions on a chefs menu style. So it isn't your average place and you have to be prepared to try everything and spend some money an intimate setting. All three courses were delicious - it started with mouthfuls of delicious flavored and ended with a round of perfect sushi... But the highlight was a few slices of wagyu beef cooked simply by yourself at the table accompanied by small unique vegetables.They had a nice Japanese IPA which went with the meal well. This is in my top five dining experiences of all time and I have been to far more expensive and famous places from DC to NYC to Paris. My fives are rare, so if you are in the mood for a very special dining experience with amazing favors definitely give Shin a try.
5	like there concept, expensive but i don't think overprice, testy and I realy like there Saki choices
5	Perfect place for the adventurous palette.The three course meal was prepared exceptionally and left me satisfied. Not too much food or too little.The chef's attention to detail and use of seasonal ingredients made for an excellent dining experience.Well worth the price.
5	My husband and I thoroughly enjoyed our meal.  We were very impressed with many different subtle flavors. Due to the high price we will save it for special occasions.
5	Absolutely outstanding dinner last night. We did the $100 chefs tasting menu and it was well worth the price. The fish was incredible in taste and quality and the meat was beautifully marbled. Highly recommend for anyone who appreciates top notch sushi.
5	Excellent fish and service. Between this and Roka Akor I found my favorite sushi restaurants.They only do tasting menus, so come here prepared to be adventurous!
4	After wanting to have dinner here for months, my hubby and I just celebrated his birthday with the $125 pp chef's tasting.  The food was extremely fresh, beautiful, and delicious.  We do feel that the price of the tasting is high, given the food that you are given.  While it was perfectly prepared, presented, and all of the staff were friendly and helpful, the price for the tasting is too high.  That is the only reason Shinbay won't get a 5 star rating from us.  We have been to other "tasting" restaurants and have gotten a lot more variety and creativity for the same price.  Aside from the delicious food, we also enjoyed some smooth and tasty sake and some different beers from Japan.  My favorite of the 7 courses we ate was the Wagyu beef...cooked plate-side with our own ceramic hot stone.  My husband's favorite was the foie gras dish.  It was rich and melted in your mouth...  All of the fish was also perfect.  Highly recommended if you know what you are getting into cost-wise.
1	I'm torn...what to say about Shitbay..well guess I'm not too torn..okay my wife and I went here 6 month back and the need to review my experience has been haunting me since then. I'll make this short and sweet..The food was wonderful but..big but..my wife is not a sushi eater, she went with me for me..we ordered the large course dinner..at one point, we received some sushi and my wife asked the waitress for some soy and wasabi..now granted this is a gourmet restaurant...but still when one is paying hundreds of dollars for food they should get what they want?? So the server,bless her heart, went to ask the chef( and looked worried I might add) for these items..we were sitting at the bar..The chef looks at her and said "no way"..then looks at my wife and yells "NO WAY!" Then turns away..glad there were no samurai swords on the wall!!! My wife started crying (more from embarrassment). .I immediately got up had a word with the manager and he replied "sorry that's just the way he is!" Worst dining experience of my life!
5	Enjoyed this dining experience very much. The food was elegantly prepared and presented and tasted Devine. The service was exceptional and they even gave my friend a birthday card.
5	This was by far the most amazing birthday evening ever.  First off, this place is not for the financial faint of heart.  At $150 a plate, it is on the high end of meals I have ever had.  So would I do it again?  We booked our next evening before we left.The tasting menu was an epic event.  Course after course of quality dishes that superseded the previous.  Topping things off with the best custard dish that I've ever had.  The staff was amazing.  Friendly, involved, attentive and just great folks.  They even gave my wife a birthday card signed by the entire staff.  Talk about attention to detail and really serving the guests.  If you like sushi, you will love this place.
5	I asked my friend who is an awesome chef to recommend a place for dinner and this was one of her suggestions.  I met up with some girlfriends to catch up and we decided to spring for the 7-course omakase and some sake.  Even at $125pp, we did not regret it -- in fact the price was soon forgotten in the throes of foodgasm.  The fish was very fresh and the presentation was flawless.  Each course came out looking like a work of art and tasting just as divine.  The staff was knowledgeable and attentive.  The style of omakase served here is modern and the flavors are combined expertly.  Very different from more traditional omakase I have had in the past, but every bit as delicious.  The decor was minimalistic, comfortable, zen, and classy.  Definitely NOT a place for children, which means I will definitely go again!
5	This is one of the best seafood/sushi dinners I have ever enjoyed. I have eaten in numerous sushi bars and restaurants including Chef  Marimotos in NY and this was amazing fresh and unique. From the fluke in a spicy ponzu sauce cooked with hot oil poured over it to the incredible clam and mushroom soup to the mixed nigiri it kept my taste buds in a state of bliss. The price is steep but worth every penny.
5	On my most recent trip to Phoenix I was taken to ShinBay for the tasting menu. The space was sleek and comfortable, the staff was knowledgable, friendly and attentive, and the food was phenomenal. I enjoyed the mix of both raw and cooked dishes and the sake our server recommended was great. I'll be going back the next time I'm in town. If you live in Phoenix and haven't eaten here yet, it's time to get your act together.
5	OMG, the best Japanese restaurant in the valley!  Expensive, but worth every penny! Enjoyed the dinner very much, and will definitely come back with more friends!
5	I think other reviewers have done a great job describing the food. If you're looking for great Japanese cuisine or just an adventure in food I highly recommend Shinbay. Some things other reviews haven't mentioned. The chef's course will take about two hours to complete. In addition to a great sake selection they have three Japanese craft brews that are fantastic and are a world's different than the Sapporo and Asahi that most Americans are familiar with. They also serve Wagyu beef imported from Japan instead of Washugyu beef now (blend of Japanese and Angus beef). Enjoy!
5	Hands down, this is, by far, the best Japanese place I've been in Arizona. I tried the four course menu and everything was delicious and the presentation was impeccable.The place is intimate with great decor and you can sit at the bar to watch the chef work.Just be ready to drop a good amount of money, like 3 digits per person.It totally worth the experience!
5	Fantastic experience.  Our journey began with white fish carpaccio, which was topped with marinated green onions, yuzu, and a tasty broth.  It was delicate and very flavorful.  The next course was three different preparations... one poached shrimp with the head fried, a kumumoto oyster (only one unfortunately), and tuna taretar.  All three were very tasty.  Our third course was A5 kobe beef served raw in front of a hot plate where you grilled it yourself to your liking.  A side of house made steak sauce and some himilayan salt was presented to enhance the flavor.  I preferred only the salt after grilling.  The fourth course was six pieces of nigiri including three rare fishes from Japan that I had never had raw, and a very nice piece of oh-toro to finish off the meal.  Finally, they brought a custard desert with fresh fruit which was a great way to finish the meal.  We each had a half bottle of booze (sake for me and reisling for the lady).  The bill with tip was slightly under $300 so be prepared to spend.  That being said, if you found A5 kobe at any restaurant it would run $25-30 an ounce and the portions here were about 4-5oz so I felt it was well worth the price.
5	Being from Japan and now loving in Hawaii, I would never have expected such traditional and ultra high quality Japanese food in the middle of the dessert. Even in Japan, you would be hard pressed to find this quality at such a reasonable price. Meal included sashimi including uni, AMA ebi, mirugai. Hot dishes especially the ginger oil sea bass and Wagyu beef from Japan were awesome. Very comfortable not uptight atmosphere. Highly recommend and be will be back next time I am in Phoenix area.
4	So no rolls here, stop asking. This is a straight up really sushi, 8 tables and small sushi bar place.Owner called to confirm reservations, which was nice.Bottle water for everyone, great touch.Real,Real sushi you may turn Japanese after.I'm a fan and appreciate them not selling out to the average sushi roll typical place.
3	We had a company dinner at Shinbay in 3 weeks ago. 4 of us had the 5 course meal, $80 each, excluding drinks. Other reviewers have described the menu, so I will not go into details.My thought was the food was good (not high) quality, beautifully presented and well tasted. However, I thought it was overpriced for the amount and type of food they served. The clams with mushroom, seafood bites, etc didn't worth the price. Although the quality of the sushi fish was good, they were too thinly sliced. I am not a big eater, yet it was not enough to fill my stomach in that evening. All of us walked out feeling half full. My Japanese co-worker thought the meal was worth about $50.I travel quite often for my job, and I can find higher quality seafood (such as otoro) in both Japan and US at a more reasonable price.
3	The food was good, but overpriced. Nice presentation and it was great to bake the Wagyu by ourself. Nevertheless, due to the fact that we travel a lot, we found already better places to enjoy this kind of food.
5	My wife and I love coming here whenever we're in Scottsdale.  The menu (3 course, 4 course, or 5 course - if you call in advance) makes it so simple.  Everything they bring out is amazing.  Have never been disappointed when eating here!
5	I'm a long-time US resident of Japanese origin.  This place is a rare find, one of the few Japanese restaurants in the U.S. that's comparable to a fine-dining restaurant in Tokyo or Kyoto.  I've been to many Japanese restaurants in NYC, Phoenix, and elsewhere, but ShinBay is the closest to a high-end restaurant in Japan I've been to.First off--ShinBay is NOT a sushi restaurant.  Although it offers a sushi course, the chef's background is clearly more in the Ryotei/Kaiseki (Japanese Haute-cuisine) tradition than the Sushi craftsman's.  Japanese ryotei-type meals are characterized by an attention to detail, high quality ingredients, and cooking techniques that highlight the quality of the ingredients.Some of the dishes are challenging to an American palate.  My wife (who is American) commented that with some dishes she can understand that this is very fine food, but she had trouble fully enjoying it.  That said, if you want authentic Japanese fine cuisine  that goes beyond mere sushi, this is one of the best places in the U.S. to get it.
4	Great location for high-quality food, good service and a great feel. A west-side gem for a guy who has not had good experiences on the West side of the Valley. Check it out!
5	This place is expensive but totally worth it....SET MENU ONLY/ PRIX FIX ONLY....60 80 or 100 per person...interesting concept...amazing food....Eugene is the man!!
5	Was recommended the Omasake, and I went with the full out $130 dollar version.It was everything I dreamed off.Dishes:1. Tofu and Ponzu sauce - refreshing, but nothing that special2. Warm slices of Fluke in sauce and olive oil - AMAZING3. Sashimi  variety - The Toro was good, but amazingly it was the Amber Jack that blew me away4. Seafood platter - This was my favorite. Mind blown. Everything was great from the oyster to the scallop.5. Prawn - fried pieces this was perhaps my least favorite6. Wayu Beef - This was good. Not as impressive as the others7. Sushi Nigri - Amazing. Follow the chefs instructions to eat.8. Dessert - Fresh berries on top of syrupy and custard - WonderfulDefinitely super expensive, but really amazing.
5	Been here twice in the past two weeks. Once for my dad's birthday/cousin's graduation and another to introduce my significant other to fine sushi. I'm glad they phased out several courses for new ones.  The food overall has gotten less mind-blowing in my opinion, but the reason I'm still giving it five stars is because of the attention of the staff there. For my dad's birthday, we brought along our own cake and they offered to store it for us until our meal was over. Once it was, they brought it out with the candles lot and ready. They even took it back to cut it up for us. Great service. The staff also included a personally signed birthday card from energize. I thought it was an incredible gesture. Last night, we were just a walk-in. However, the host remembered me by name and we were accommodated to be able to get the Chef's choice course without having had a 24 hour notice. Consistently great food and service here. Thanks, guys.
2	I'll start by saying that I am not a sushi or Japanese cuisine expert. Some of you may be, and really that's awesome, but I am not. So this review is just written for those average people, like me, who casually like sushi and trying new foods, and are curious about this highly rated restaurant.I took a date to this ShinBay. She was a self-proclaimed sushi fanatic. We made reservations and arrived to a completely empty restaurant, which stayed empty for the first hour of our meal.We ate the 3-course meal, which was $60 each. That's about a week's worth of Chick-fil-A.1st course was about a tablespoon full of tuna tar-tar, one silver-dollar sized oyster, and one shrimp. The shrimp tasted like shrimp, the oyster tasted like oyster, and the tuna tar tar was okay for the single mouthful that it was (actually I shouldn't say mouthful, because I am too stupid to figure out chopsticks so I ate this tar tar one morsel at a time).2nd course was about three ounces of wagyu beef, some little mushrooms, and two one-inch long pieces of asparagus. Seriously, the wagyu beef tasted like a $2 skirt steak that I can buy from the grocery store for half off right before it expires. The asparagus was the best thing, and I only had TWO FREAKING INCHES to eat.3rd course was five pieces of nigiri sushi. This was good, but to my novice tongue, I couldn't tell the difference between it and the stuff I can pick up at Whole Foods pre made for $7. Oops.Obviously, I'm not thrilled with the portion size. 6-8 ounces is not a meal to me, certainly not one worth $60. I could have taken that money and purchased a 20 ounce prime beef steak, or four pounds of wild Alaskan salmon to eat raw by myself. Now that's a meal for someone who's 6'5" 200lbs.The service was just ok. Sure they were friendly and professional, but that's just a pillar of decent customer service. They attempted to provide no explanation or instruction to my date or I, who were clearly lost, which is something you'd expect from a restaurant that seems to want to spread passion for their food. An hour into the meal, the restaurant saw its second pair of guests, and they were seated RIGHT BESIDE us. I mean butt in my face as they scooch into the bench beside me, beside us. In an empty restaurant.Unfortunately my night ended in the drive through of McDonalds because I was still hungry after spending $160, including tips, on a dinner for two.
5	Want fresh fish in the desert? ShinBay is your answer! Living in the desert I accepted the fact I wouldn't get fresh fish. ShinBay proved me wrong. They have the best sushi in or out of town! Everything here is ridiculously good. I've never had anything I didn't like here. Sure it's a smaller restaurant but that what makes it so much better. It's all about the sushi and presentation here. Before writing a 5 star review of sushi I always eat there several times to get an idea of the average quality. ShinBay surpasses all expectations.
5	On a recent trip to Scottsdale, Arizona, my mother and I had the chance to enjoy one of the best sushi dinners we've ever had at Shinbay restaurant. I know what you're thinking, "how can there be good sushi in land-locked Scottsdale, AZ?" Well stop! The sushi chef at Shinbay has been cultivating his relationship with a fish monger in the port of Los Angeles for over 30 years. Built on decades of trust and loyalty, their partnership guarantees that some of the freshest seafood on the West Coast is making it's way to the small modern Japanese restaurant in an outdoor mall off of Scottsdale Road.The staff at Shinbay were professional, attentive, and informed. A mix of Japanese and American born, everyone is passionate about their contribution to the greater Shinbay dining experience and they all know both the Japanese and English names of each ingredient, style of cuisine, and preparation type. It's hard to explain it without experiencing it firsthand, but the sushi chefs at Shinbay are true artisans. Like composers, each bite is meticulously engineered to play a chord that when strung together become an edible concerto over the course of your meal. You will want to sit down, relax, and let the professionals perform their song and dance. This is why they don't allow for substitutions or even welcome the ordering of your more traditional sushi rolls and Japanese dishes. Because that's not the experience Shinbay is trying to cultivate. So leave your preconceived notions of what "sushi" is behind, and prepare yourself for something different. Everything is made fresh to order so if you have an allergy they'll gladly accommodate you with substitutions as needed, but if you're a control freak when it comes to food, you're gonna want to leave that in the car.Here's a snapshot of our dinner at Shinbay, and some of the photos that inspire a thousand words, or more, for me when I now think of Scottsdale, Arizona.http://eatsporkjew.com/recipes/dinner/sushi-restaurant-shinbay-scottsdale/
5	Yep, I know it's crazy to think there could be world class sushi in our dusty desert town.  But fear not...and you certainly MUST bring your MOST discerning sushi expert friends along for the experience.  Be prepared to wow those skeptics and drop some coin for hauntingly delicious morsels, top shelf sake, and craft brews from Japan.  Mmmmm...bari oishii!
5	I usually do not go the 5 star route but this small oasis of Japanese Cuisine nestled inside a strip mall is nothing short of spectacular. While the menu is a bit of a mystery when you first look at it, trust in the chef is quickly and handsomely rewarded. The omakase only menu was literally perfection on a plate (well plates).  From fresh seafood that tasted like it was caught this afternoon to Kobe that I can honestly say tasted better than anything I have ever tried. All that before some spectacular sushi and a surprise dessert of custard and fruit. Perfect service , portions and timing in a relaxed and casual setting. What else could you ask for. Domo Arigato , I will be back soon!!
5	I thought the food was delicious and the service was great. I took my husband here for his birthday. We really enjoyed it.
5	Dinner here was a great, relaxing experience. Service was attentive without being obtrusive. The dining area was calm. It wasn't loud and noisy, with people and tables jammed in together. The food was wonderful and the presentation was beautiful. We enjoyed the experience highly.
5	My wife and I dined here for her 40th birthday. The entire staff provided excellent customer service and attention to detail. We had the 5 course meal and the food was absolutely amazing. I've eaten lots of sushi and I've dined in gourmet restaurants in Paris and Vienna but Shinbay may have topped all of them on quality, presentation, service, etc. if you haven't tried shinbay yet, you're missing out!
5	I'm just writing this review to say what everyone else is saying: Shinbay is EXCELLENT.The service is top notch, quick, unobtrusive and suits the atmosphere of this restaurant. Our fabulous waitress didn't make a misstep. I was here for my birthday and they just found out when we walked in, at the end of dinner the whole staff had signed a birthday card for me! What a thoughtful touch.The food is incredible. The courses are fresh and original, definitely unique and cutting edge. This is statement food. Every taste was defined and fresh. There wasn't a sloppy dish to be had. It was beautifully presented and some of the freshest I've ever had. And I have NO idea what people are talking about when they say 'strip mall.' Have you even been to some of the stores or restaurants around there? Definitely high end. I get my hair done in this 'strip mall' and it's by far one of the best salons around. I was seriously looking for a strip mall and instead walked into a beautifully lit corridor that opened up to several beautiful restaurants that led straight here. We walked in and the ambiance and the decor was incredibly high end. Must be that affected Scottsdale attitude coming out (live in NYC/DC/Beverly Hills and then stick your nose in the air, please). This place is beautiful, the food is like nothing I've tasted here yet and I can't wait to go back. I am addicted!
5	I was surprised to find that a sushi restaurant in the desert had received two James Beard nods. After eating here, I totally agree that it deserves the recognition. This was my 1st omakase experience that was not just sushi. While the menu is heavily seafood-based, the variety of preparations and combinations of various elements was really quite lovely. The restaurant is spacious and serene but the chef takes reservations only (no walk-ins) so it's never full, very quiet adding to the feeling that you've escaped from the everyday hustle and bustle. the staff is knowledgeable about the menu. I will note that it seems more seasonal than changing every day. I left satisfied but not stuffed-  feeling like i'd just floated out of a really lovely special occasion experience.
5	ShinBay serves the best Japanese food in Arizona, hands down. I eat out much more often than I'm comfortable admitting, and ShinBay is easily my favorite restaurant in Phoenix. I often feel like I'm overpaying when, for example, I go to a steakhouse and get a $40 filet, but for $80 the "Yu Course" at Shinbay is an absolute bargain. Honestly, I'd probably pay twice as much and still feel good about it.I won't attempt to recite the detailed description of every item in each course that our extremely, but not overly, attentive waitress gave us, because everything, from the pine nuts in the tuna tartar to the shrimp and soy sauce reduction on the blue shrimp, had an origin story. Normally my eyes glaze over when a server gets overly enthusiastic about the home life of the food that's on my plate, and I start thinking of that Portlandia episode. But here it somehow works - I'm all ears. Maybe because it doesn't feel at all pretentious. You can clearly see that what you're about to enjoy is as much art as food, and it demands explanation. Were the waitress to simply deliver the plate and walk away I'd be left wondering, "what's the meaning of this?", as if a museum curator forgot to put a description next to a painting.
5	This is truly a 5 star Japanese dining experience. A real gem for aficionados of this cuisine. Service and food quality are superb.
5	When you first walk in to ShinBay, you really don't what to expect. The atmosphere is very simple, uncluttered. No loud music. Basic furniture.The reason for this simplicity is clear:  the focus of the entire restaurant is one thing: The Food!Wow!  This was our best meal in Scottsdale!
4	Great food. Great atmosphere. Coulda had bigger portions. The appetizer was great. The taste of sushi was impeccable. Wonderful waitress.
5	Phenomenal food. Excellent setting.  Fantastic service.  Ordered the four course meal with my wife for our anniversary.  Was blown away by how good everything was. Everything.  More expensive than I expected but well worth it for one night out.
5	There are two things you need for this restaurant: reservations and a sense of adventure.  I'm an avid sushi connoisseur but I'll be the first to admit the tasting menu pushed my culinary boundaries.  An extensive sake menu is available and they serve each bottle in a nifty little box of ice to keep it cold.  Service was exceptional and they were quick to answer questions, repeat things, etc.  They were also extremely diligent about accommodating several food issues in our group (dairy and gluten).  The food was exceptional.  Mind you, I didn't love everything that was put in front of me (and just between you and I, there were a few things I couldn't bring myself to try) but the preparation was awe-inspiring.   If you're a fan of things that swim or just eke along underwater, come here.
5	The food is 4.5 star but service takes to 5.0 star.  Zen dining experience focused on food vs being seen at the latest hot spot.  i was taken here for my birthday.  I had 5 course tasting menu and my husband (newbie sushi diner) had 3 course.  They brought sharing plates, great descriptions of the food and wine suggestions.  At the end of the experience, I was quietly presented a birthday card signed by the entire staff.  Attention to detail is exemplary.  Reservation highly recommended.Patrick did a great job at service. This is a new "special place" to dine.  We live in SE Valley - if we were closer we would be regulars.
