4	Located in the Fashion Show Mall, this is the place to grab those Hawaiian goodies while in the City of Sin.  Come here mainly for the cheap bottle water, it is twice the size and the same price as the hotels are charging.No spam mitsubi on the counters though!
3	If you're staying at TI or Wynn, this is a very convenient place to get all sorts of miscellaneous supplies for not very much money.  Bottled water is cheap, snacks are cheap, and there are even a few Hawaiian bits and pieces for sale.  They also have some less common items, like the time I needed an emergency tube of Fixodent (chew PowerBar; pull off cap from tooth; what to do?  A dab of denture adhesive will hold it in place until you get back home).
4	How awesome is this place! i was vacationing in Las Vegas , and i stopped by here to look around. and omg! they had everything! i got gifts for ppl  back home and some stuff for the plane ride. This place is huge, and has everything you would ever need, include 'n  a very friendly staff!Its a one stop shop!
5	$2.50 for a Hawaiian boobie girl calendar. $15 or so for 3 bags of beef jerky in its own carrying bag. $3 or so for one of those plumeria hair clips. OK, so we didn't get the boobie calendar, but this place it cool. I had to resist buying the mac nut crunch.
4	A little hawaiian goodness in the middle of Vegas, I love it.  This is where my friends and I did our grocery shopping for our room while in Vegas.I was a little sad they didn't have any spam musubi, they really should have that in their food area, I'm sure they get enough Asian folks frequently enough to get them to sell :)
3	So glad to find an ABC Store right when I needed one. I had not been feeling 100% and my stomach felt weird so when I saw one of these stores, I rushed inside hoping to find some li hing mui to calm it. They really had a poor selection when compared to Hawaii, but what do you expect? The fact that I found some was a miracle in itself, but I knew I could count on a trusty ABC Store to stock it.I got a packet of the li hing mui and it helped ease my nausea quickly. Unfortunately I only got one small packet and before long hubby had finished the entire packet.
3	You saved our asses, rather my husband's, for carrying alcohol. We were able to have some cocktails from the comfort of our room without the casino bar prices. Stars for its close proximity to our hotel and for having Belvedere on stock.
4	$2 for a big can of SPARKS and I believe $2 for big cans of beer.  It's cheaper than most places and in a good location on the strip.  You can easily pop in from the strip and enjoy a nice cold beverage.
5	These convenience stores are all over the strip in malls and casinos.  A lifesaver when it is over 100 degrees out and you need a bottle of water. Much cheaper then CVS, Walgreens, or 7 11.  We were constantly buying water and Hawaiian Sun fruit drinks and Iced Teas.  They are under a dollar and so good.
4	Like my review for the Miracle Mile Shops location, this place is great too.  I used to always go this location before whenever I stayed at Harrah's.  But this was before they had opened the Walgreens at the Palazzo.  Now I tend to go here less since the Palazzo Walgreens is much closer.  Still, if you're at the Fashion Show Mall, this is a good place to stock up on water and drinks on a hot Vegas day!
5	When we were walking around the Fashion Show Mall, my cousin wanted to stop by the ABC store to buy some stuff to bring back to her friends.  At first I turned my nose up at the ABC store because I was thinking, why would I want to buy Hawaiian souvenirs to bring back from Vegas?  Boy was I glad I stopped by!  The souvenirs here are CHEAP!!  My husband was able to pick up stuff for his boys back home and I was able to pick up last minute gifts and everything was under $5!  A must for travelers who want to pick up cheaper gifts and sundries.
3	HAWAII to VEGAS. :OI was super excited to hear that there was an ABC store in Vegas... my first thoughts were to load up on things from Hawaii since I wasn't able to go out there this year.. but I held back and just opted for the liter bottle of Grey Goose and a bottle of cranberry juice for back. It's not the cheapest prices but what can you expect for the convenience of buying alcohol on the strip.
5	A great store from Hawaii, I'm so glad this is in LV.Besides all the typical convenience store items available (water, snacks, sunscreen, lotion, etc.), they have alcohol!Don't waste your time paying for overpriced drinks at the hotels - get your liquor and mixers here and drink elsewhere - well worth it!
4	We loved this store in Hawaii and in Las Vegas they have great prices on wine. This will be out go-to place got booze on the future. Very friendly staff too.
5	A great place to pick up your snack and beverage essentials for your room.  Don't forget to pick up bottles of waters so you can stay hydrated after a day of drinking!
4	Whenever I need a dose of Hawaii I can always come here and stock up on all the yummy treats I used to enjoy when I lived there.I was just there recently for some wine and of course chocolate covered mac nuts. I had to buy a bag of the sea salted ones a well.Oh..cant walk past the guava jelly without grabbing that as well!These stores are everywhere in Hawaii and I am glad there are a few here.
4	The ABC store chain is expanding in Las Vegas- a great resource for souvenirs, snacks (baked goods, japanese rice crackers), food (like spam musubi), drinks (soda, water- the most reasonable price, etc.), alcohol (pretty impressive), magazines, t-shirts (cute characters like Hello Kitty), keychains, toiletries, and of course Hawaiian products (nuts, oil, lotion, etc.). On the island of Oahu, there are tons of these stores- and we've been to about 80% of them! (kinda like the 7-11 stores here but more concentrated, with a couple on the same block). It isn't quite the same as the ones in Hawaii- there's tons of Las Vegas souvenirs and LV themed chocolates, , for instance. This is the one of the first ones to pop up here- "the 9th island" as they say. But, if you go to Hawaii and you forget a few things for your family or friends, you can get the chocolates here; it won't be as cheap, but it will do just fine (especially with the luggage fees and all- if you find that you are short on room/space in your bags because you've shopped too much). The staff is nice and helpful. It's always well-stocked and clean. Too bad, we just can't get the pancake mix since it was discontinued (sending over to LV, I mean). But whenever we're at this mall, we stop by and browse.
4	For those of you that haven't been to Hawaii let me give you a little introduction: ABC is your all around go-to shop, convenience store-extraordinaire for almost everything/anything you can think of. It's the Starbucks/7-11 of Hawaii (there's practically a store on every corner of block) and somehow it managed to end up in Las Vegas!Good for those who need a good cheap alternative to buy anything that need for a trip to Vegas. Forgot your toothbrush, need cheap alcohol, itching for cheap souvenirs because you wasted all your money on the craps table? No problem--ABC Store is your answer. You'll find what you need at the ABC store from toothpaste, to cheap booze to souvenirs...it's all under one roof in one convenient location.And one quick tip: Next time you think about grabbing a snack or drink from your hotel room for an outrageous up marked price, think about heading to the ABC store at the Fashion Mall. And heck, gamble off the extra money that you've saved and if you're lucky you may be able to purchase the entire food/drink bar in your room and stay for a few extra nights. Good luck my friend.
4	I like ABC.  It's better than Circle K.  Appreciate the flower shirts and the help.
5	Cool store. Got my souvenirs there...and probably saved a few bucks compared to getting them in the airport.They had other things there, personal items,alkie etc. If you forgot something, this is the place to buy it.
5	THANK THE LORD FOR THE ABC STORE:After airport security confiscated my tiny bottle of hairspray, citing it as a 'security hazard' and violated my naked lady parts via the body scanner, I learned my lesson about bringing liquids through the airport. Case in point, this past Vegas trip the Man and I brought no alcohol with us. BLASPHEMY INDEED. I know, I know. A girl scout should always be prepared. That's why, using my handy yelp monocle I planted myself on the strip and monocled away. I probably looked like a drunken idiot waving my phone around in front of TI and yelling: Land ho, this way Matey!!But seriously, this was pre-booze. This is just the way I am. Walking into the ABC store was better than Christmas. Walls of glittering bottles, cases of chocolate covered macadamias and water, water! Water that doesn't cost $9 a bottle! It was nirvana. The man and I had snacks and beverages for the weekend, I got a replacement bottle of hairspray and all was right with the world. So if you're flying and you have to leave your trusty cooler back at home, remember the ABC store. It's the best.
4	Really awesome store.You can get many different souvenirs and things here as well as personal care items, magazines, food, and drinks as well. They have it all.
4	Stopped in here the other day with a friend. We wanted to walk the mall with some drinks but there is no Fat Tuesday over here so I come up with the idea...hey..lets get a bottle of booze and we can put it in our water bottles while we shop!I swear I am a genius sometimes. So we buy a bottle of this new sweet tea booze and find a corner and fill up our bottles.Its soooo much better to shop at Fashion Show while sipping a tasty adult beverage. I think this is the first time I didnt buy any mac nuts there.But I will be back...I love those mac nuts!!
4	Great prices on tourist essentials like bottled water and things you forgot to pack.  Since they are based from Hawaii, they have many items unique to the Islands except Hurricane Popcorn. I ask for it every time I got there and they say they can not get it.  But yet they can get macadamia nuts but the tons.
4	I always go to an ABC in Vegas. Mostly for drinks and some souvenirs. Other stuff like health care. Go to Walgreens and CVS neartby. This one is in the Fashion Show Mall. Weird location for a convenient store but it works in Vegas.
5	How nice to see am ABC store in Vegas! They were staple when I was in Hawaii.After feeling the burn across the street at Walgreens, The ABC store was just what we needed. We stocked up on Baileys, Vodka, Diet Rock Star, gum, snacks, and other assorted alcoholic beverage fun. The cashier was super friendly and nice. She had awesome nails ( done in Mexico for only 20$ !! ) she also had wicked eyelashes and said it was one they sold there.I noted that this mascara was 4$ cheaper at the ABC store then at Walgreens! I made a second trip to this location for additional purchases. Note to self - next time do all the rest of my shopping before I stock up here, to avoid sore arms and back from lugging heavy bags o booze.
5	I really like this store. It has great souvenirs, the workers are nice, and the prices cannot be beat. This is great for picking up a bottle of water while on the strip or souvenirs for people back home. They have shirts, hats, keychains, and lots more for great prices. I will make it a point to return on my next trip.
5	Thought ABC stores only existed in Hawaii but too my surprise, here it is in Vegas!The coconut papaya, plumeria, and gardenia lotions smell amazing and transport you back to Hawaii bringing back all those memories I have. Tons of Vegas paraphernalia inside as well as drinks, food, and wine. Don't forget to grab some macadamia nuts on the way out!
5	Definitely reminds me of being in Hawaii! Love it! Always a good time!
4	ABC Stores is where I get my revolving supplies of Milk Chocolate Covered Macadamia Nuts from Hawaii with Las Vegas Strip packaging, and our annual Las Vegas wall calendars.  Diane and I are no fools, and have learned through the years by experience to ALWAYS keep TWO of these nut packages on hand: one for display on the living room coffee table and the enjoyment of guests, and the other tucked away in our kitchen pantry for our mouths only.  The addictive power of these chocolates is well known!So, a finished box of the tasty treats was just replaced a few days ago, and a 2013 Vegas calendar duly purchased.  The store was busy as usual, but all was in good order, and sale associates were friendly and efficient.  I will most definitely be back!
3	Ok, add me as another reviewer that mentions Hawaii in an ABC store.  Really, who can't?  A good convenience store for Vegas tourist, but you could save a whole lot of money just driving down the road to a grocery store instead.  What makes this more than a 7-11, is that you can also get some tourist gifts in here as well.  I'm actually glad that more and more of these shops are popping up all over Vegas.
4	Cool spot with all your toiletry needs when in Vegas =)
