4	B&Q at Hermiston Gate was where the madness started. With all daft projects like - lets try and renovate the entire house and garden top to bottom including fixtures and fittings in a month and hold down a steady job, go racing and go on holiday all at the same time - it had to start with the tipping point - in this case, 'window shopping' for a kitchen. Having found our dream kitchen elsewhere, we were in the doldrums at the price of said dream and entered B&Q to see if there were any alternatives to the dream that would come close to acceptable. If you are anything like me, acceptable and dream are virtually identical i.e. one and the same. Makes things a little tough, no?Well, lucky for us, Cooke & Lewis came to our rescue with an identical kitchen. Except for the price. So we're getting our dream this weekend, and I can't wait. It even has a dishwasher, so I can look forward to having model-esque hands, probably. See me in a magazine soon!
4	A giant shop with all items you could ever want if you are some kind of DIY addict. Not that I am, but I still appreciated the extremely large selection of... things. Floors. Walls. Tiles. Kitchens. Lights. Carpets. Lino. Fixtures. Fittings. Screws. Nails. Toilet seats. Wallpaper. Glue. Plants... Pretty much an entire town of houses waiting to be built under one roof. Friendly staff too. I appreciate that they hire folk with experience and knowledge. Oh, and if you're over 60 you get an extra 10% off of a Wednesday. Nice touch, that.
4	A recent foray into the world of laminate real wood flooring took me to the place where can you get everything under one roof. B&Q not the cheapest, let me buy exactly what I required to do the job myself. Visiting online and in store a few times before hand did really help, as did being directed to their helpful advice page videos.Now being straightforward you would think that if visiting the store on a Friday, then by Sunday there would still be delivery spaces for a Tuesday drop off...how wrong was I. Newcraighall dept could not deliver until Friday, a week later the end of my holidays. So the only option was to contact another store, this is where the great guys at Newcraighall helped out 110%. Patching me through to their nearest B&Q store at Hermiston Gate, where I was able to complete the purchase and delivery for mid week...leaving just enough time to complete the job.Moral : if you think there is enough time to do things, always add 10% for the unexpected, cause you never know what your gonna get.
