4	Great selections of businesses, restaurants and bars in this "village" in Ballantyne. Located off 521 & John Delaney, you find anything from chain restaurants to local eats. It has it all. A YMCA too. The center of the village has great summer bands that can be seen at Mix at Six on Wednesday nights. Went there for one last week and was impressed with the size of the crowd post 7pm. Some great shops and boutiques located there as well.
4	I'm a fan only because of the Theather and The Blue Taj - Though Terrace Cafe is there now so that should be a good addition!  For some reason it seems to me, the Village itself lacks some Romantic element.
4	While it's a "sleepy Sunday", several shops / businesses were closed, I'll definitely have to come back on a Saturday or during the week to shop.This particular Sunday brought me to Terrace Cafe for brunch with the lovely ladies Dion L. & Rachel N. A glance around the "village", I really like that there are several shops, resturaunts, a YMCA, & a theatre. Clearly, I've seen check-ins & reviews @ several of these establishments, so it was nice to put names with physical places.
3	Nice shopping center in the Ballantyne area with lots of shops and eateries to browse.  It was quite busy on a Monday so I imagine the weekends are as well.  The parking and traffic flow seems a little strange for the area.......a little congested I guess, a more open plan seems to be a better fit for the area.  I'm looking forward to return to more of the restaurants and Kilwin's!
4	Ballantyne Village is a nice little spot that has a good mixture of tennants...FedEx/Kinkos, ABC Store, Massage Envy, the Y, a shoe store, lingerie store, outdoor gear, a nice movie theatre, cell phone store, nail salon, etc.  And the restaurants - everything from Panera Bread, Extreme Pita, Moes, Mellow Mushroom, Jade, Rush Espresso, Villa Antonio, Blue Taj, Divine Wine, Terrace Cafe, and now a fro-yo shop. A lot of people complain about parking here, but I think its not too bad... they have a nice parking deck which is handy when the weather is bad.  The Mix at 6 brings a pretty diverse crowd and things can get a bit lively then.
4	I love Ballantyne Village. We used to live out that way and we'd frequent several of our favorite shops....or shoppes. Plenty to offer on the dining/entertainment/lounge-y scene. Some favorites are: Ballantyne 5 TheatreExtreme PitaJade Asian FusionTerrace CafeOccasionally Mellow MushroomD'Vine WineRIP to Jesse Brown's Outdoors that used to be open. Loved that place.
2	Parking sucks now that the owner of the deck has closed off the deck & additional parking spaces.  No bueno!!! I used to love running over there for lunch, or stopping in at Rush Espresso for a coffee, and going after work to the Ballantyne Village YMCA, but now I dread going any time of the day because of the #$@Y parking situation. Right now a lot of the retail space on the bottom floor is vacant, so I really hate to see what the parking nightmare will look like if more shops start opening up.The new owners and the previous owners really need to sit down at the negotiating table and get the dispute over the parking deck settled ASAP!!
3	As with many things, there is more than one way to look at this village.On its surface, the place itself is quite decent: An upscale strip mall is perhaps the best way to describe it (don't tell any Ballantyne folk that, they might run screaming in terror). A nice selection of places to visit - a theater on the upper level. The Blue Taj. A few others that tend to come and go now and again, so I won't go into them, as you get the idea - it's a shopping center, after all.What makes this place interesting is that much of the parking here is actually not owned by the same people that own the center itself: It's apparently owned by the guy who built the center, and since he is no longer making any money from that, he has blocked off the parking garage. Understandable, really - why should he allow folks to park there when he isn't getting any money from it? I don't mean to be daft, but it does make sense, in a roundabout sort of way.Unfortunately, it means that it makes the village itself a bit of a pain to use, especially if you're there in a time crunch, like while eating lunch. Apparently some of the tenants - like Blue Taj - have reported that said business has dropped off by as much as half for this very reason.So if you  have time to park elsewhere and walk, or if you live nearby, then by all means, give them a visit. Otherwise you might not have a great time.
4	Things are up & coming for Ballantyne Village!!  They have plenty of parking in the deck just drive up or down. They have elevators!!  New 3H market on Tuesdays 12-6 & Saturdays 8-4. Check it out!!  More new fun things coming!!  Don't be left out!!
2	Tight shopping plaza with not much parking but they do have a complimentary valet available. Upscale shopping and they have a coffee place - Rush Espresso - that isn't the green siren lady. Let them have your car if you don't find a space the first pass. It's not worth the hassle of circling around!
