1	How can you go to a KFC and no matter what time of day they never have any chicken made?
1	I do not like this KFC ...or any really for that matter. Every time I have been here the place is filthy. I know they remolded the place and I have not been since then, so I am not sure if the conditions are the same.The food is just not good in any way anymore. Not that it was ever great, but you could get some decent chicken and some sides and be content. What the hell have they done to the mac & cheese? It is so gross..the color is just not appealing and the taste is worse. Food at this place has been served under temperature enough times to keep me from returning.
1	Mikie, that's me silly silly me. After Showing a home I was told to pick up some chicken on the way home. So the only chicken place on my was KFC. I do not like this store but it was supposedly cleaned up since my last disastrous visit. So I figured it must be better, right.... So I walk in and there is one guy taking orders. A nice queen of a guy who had all the sweeties, dears and honeys down pat. He did his job well and as I watched seem to do everyone else too. I ordered a bucket of twelve pieces with sides. And as it has always been with this store, no chicken ready to go. It will be ten minutes I am told for the breasts to be ready. So I say OK. 27 minutes later I am getting my order. In that wait time they made four orders that no one was waiting for. The other folks that came in after I; had left before me. Each of those orders involved breasts. Finally Mr. queen noticed I was still standing and waiting he gets my order, well tells the girl to pack it up. I get home and find one breast in the order. Silly silly me....
1	Way overpriced, since when did a tiny piece of chicken become $5. I can buy a 3 pound bag at walmart for that. Anyway, I went around 10pm and ordered a famous bowl and it was less than half full! Bull crap, this KFC reallly lacks.
1	Check your order.  If they can get it wrong, they will.
3	Chicken was good , cost to much in my
1	First they got my order wrong, they only heard half of it although they repeated it back to me as i ordered it...they didn't repeat the whole order at the end.... maybe they felt rushed as its dinner rush maybe..... While ordering i was told that they were out of pepsi... so i had to get mnt. dew...at the window i discovered they hadn't actually added my second 5$ meal...so i had to reorder that while i was there....as i looked at my receipt i saw that they had decided to give me ranch dip without ever asking me what i wanted...I asked if they could give me hot sauce as well and I was told they were also out of hot sauce.... so i paid for the other half of my order and returned home..... To find that they had actually forgotten to give me sauce as well.......i was very frustrated by then , but just wanted to eat.    This isn't the first trouble at this restaurant..last time they also got my order wrong by forgetting my sides but he replaced the meal my following visit,Tonight i called to tell the manager what all had gone wrong and the phone rang and rang..then disconnected the 3rd time someone finally answered...I wasn't even offered an apology.... certainly not any kind of compensation for my time and trouble. I wont be returning to say the least.
