1	Worst mani/pedi ever! First off, they don't even clean the foot bath. There is a brown film in each bath. Unfortunately we didn't walk out at that point like we should have.Next the gal doing my friend's pedi was on her cell most of the time and then once she got off the phone explained her friend's daughter was having problems...ok...Last the mani/pedi was just horrible in general. Ripped cuticles, jagged nails, and sloppy paint jobs. After explaining my unhappiness with the job they did, the woman started asking why we didn't tip on a $43 bill...for each of us.
4	I've been coming to Paradise Salon for multiple years, ever since it opened about 5 years ago, to get my monthly pedicure. Last year I moved to central Vegas and can NOT find a decent, reasonably priced nail salon nearby. It just so happens that I visit Henderson weekly to teach cello lessons. I specifically scheduled my lessons today so I could fit in a pedicure at my old favorite salon. This is not your average strip mall nail salon. It is more of a hybrid between a spa and a nail salon. In addition to nail services, they do massages, waxing, facials and hair.I've had dozens of pedicures at Paradise Salon & Spa and have only had one time out of twenty that was not up to par.  All of the other times I've been as pleased as punch.  I really don't know what that other reviewer (from a year ago) is talking about.  That review sounds like a completely different salon -- or a review written by someone who has a personal vendetta against Paradise (maybe a competing salon).  Or maybe she only gets her nails done at Strip hotels (at $55/pedicure!) and shuns places of the common man.  Whatever. Paradise Salon is really the best I've found for the price.  It's normal pedicure is $28 (worth the $8 more than most strip mall places) but also has a 15% discount on Mondays - Thursdays.
3	To be fair, I should review them just for their service...so I would give them a 3 as the pedicure was not bad.  My pedicure was about 15 minutes...and this included only a couple of minutes for the foot massage.I think it depends on the person attending to you she only spoke when she had to sell something. She started with 'would you like to upgrade to a premium pedicure?' Fair question but I wanted to see how they work before trying that next time. Next, would you like to get your eyebrows done..etc.She recommended a product for me to try and asked me to let her know if I did not want it so she could tell the owner who had apparently taken it out, to put it back. The rest of the time she was either on the phone or talking to a colleague in her language the entire time. I therefore paid extra attention to my nails being cut as I was afraid she might hurt me as she kept looking at her colleague instead of concentrating.Finally, as soon as my pedi was done...she asked me to pay. I said I would do that when my nailpaint dried. She was persistent and said she would bring the credit card machine back to me so I could pay immediately.Overall, they do a decent job with the pedicure but really need to work on their customer service.
4	I have gotten my nails done twice here by two different people and have been pleased each time. Recently I also decided to get my haircut spur of the moment. They were able to accommodate me and I was extremely happy with the results. The prices in my opinion are beyond reasonable. I will be back soon!
1	I can speak firsthand to the fact that there are no shortage of creeps on Yelp. I can also only imagine what kind of sick people read reviews for bikini waxes and fap, which is why I didn't want to write a review of this place in the first place. But after two days of misery and finding wax dripped on places that were covered by clothing, I have to write a review and implore you to never, ever come here.First, the esthetician room was boiling hot with still air. Uncomfortable isn't strong enough a word to describe the temperature. By the end of the procedure, and procedure is the right term here, I had sweat through my clothes onto the table. The table is positioned in the doorway such that there would be no privacy if the esthetician left the room while you are laying on the table.She asked me to put her hair into a ponytail because she had already put on her rubber gloves, but yet still changed the iPod while wearing the same gloves? Not sure of that logic. As I said in my tip for the business, I will spare the details of the procedure. But suffice it to say that the wax was not so much a wax but a forceful agony of less-than-optimal hair removal. Curse you, LivingSocial. That's the last time I try out a business without checking Yelp reviews first...there are none except mine for this particular service for this business.
5	Iv been coming to this salon for years and always a great experience! Kim does great manicure, pedicure, haircuts, and eyelash extensions.
4	I really love coming here an have for the last 6 months. They are super nice and if there is a wait it is not long.  It is the. Perfect place to come if stressing or your nails need some tlc. The salon is clean and they are good about hygiene.
5	I live in LA, and didn't plan on being in Vegas as long as I have. Especially did not plan on getting my fill done here either. As picky as I am...I waited as long as I could.I was at first delighted with the salon hours, open till 9pm! The salon was clean and bright and very nice staff. I wish I could remember the manicurist name but I will get it tomorrow since I will be coming back for a Blowdry! She did my nails perfectly. Even better than my regular lady and she was fun to talk too! Super smart and had great views. I had an acrylic fill with gel overlay, because I hate waiting for them to dry...and I love them! Plus plenty of parking, clean bathrooms and drinking water fountain. Seems silly to mention that but I drink lots of water and  usually have to wait till I leave to get another bottle. There I just filled it up! Most Importantly, the prices are so fair and worth it! Xoxox,Tina
1	i have gotten my nails done twice at this place. i wont be going back. they gave me the worse pedicure ever. i had to go home and scrub my feet because the lady just took a tiny scrub and barely scrubbed the bottom of my feet. i got white tips and the nails started lifting no more then a week later. eventually they just fell off. im used to not having to do my nails for atleast 2 1/2 weeks. the women at this salon were nice, but that was the only good part of this experience.
5	Met the new owner tonight.  Friendly, personable and a great manicurist.  The place is in the midst of a remodel/makeover and I look forward to my next trip back to Vegas to see it and get my next manicure.
