4	Pssst.  Don't let the other reviewers trick you into thinking that this place is famous for it's deep-dish pizza.  It's not.  (Well, maybe it is).  But there are few things I look forward to more than a nice slice of thin crust Oreganos.  You can't miss their billboards or t-shirts around town.If you're within 5 miles of Tempe, and you haven't checked this place out, go now.  No.  Seriously.  Go.And if it's not too hot, sit outside.  The ambiance can't be beat.
4	A cheerful crew, and hot Arizona ambiance greets you as you enter the world of Oregano's in Tempe. We started off on the right foot with their famous cheese bread (which was killer) and artichoke dip to die for. The brakes, for me, came with the pasta entree. A pesto and penne creation baked and smothered in cheese and sun-dried tomatoes. All served up nice in a bread bowl. Unfortunately, it failed to deliver for me. But, those I was dining with seemed uber-impressed with their signature thin crust pizza.Redemption came with a PIZOKIE on a level I have never experienced. Those of you who have had the fortune to experience a BJ's pizokie will be blown away hands-down by the Oregano Pizokie. Thick, lucious, and chocolatey...covered in vanilla ice cream. Pure chocolate cookie end-of-meal destruction.
4	Even in the 110 degree weather, I do not mind waiting underneath the misters to grab some grub at Oreganos.  Okay, maybe that is a bit of a stretch, but just drink a few beers and your table should be ready.  The thin crust pizza is worth the wait...a reasonable wait, that is.  But the pizookie (huge deep-dish cookie topped with ice cream) is probably worth the unreasonable waits that haunt this pizza joint.  Oreganos is definitely a Valley treat and they cover the Italian basics better than most.
3	i know everyone LOVES this place, and i feel like i should too, nay i WANT to love it, but i just don't. the food nor the atmosphere is definitely not worth the wait - and there is always a wait. living down the street, i would drive by this place sometimes 10 times a day, morning, noon and night, all days of the week, and there are always people waiting out front - crazy!i think the atmosphere is kind of cheesy - fake vintage posters and cans of funny looking tomato sauce piled on shelves - and reminds me of a disneyland type of joint.the food is ok, not amazing. but for the price it's fine, i just can't justify waiting that long for it, i guess.i like the part inside, part outside thing they got going on.sometimes i'll pop in the bar for a glass of wine late, but i'm just not that stricken by this place like the rest of the world is.... oh well.
3	I don't quite get the popularity of this place. I mean, the pizza's alright, the atmosphere okay. But geez, it seems like ask any ASU student where to eat and they get stars in their eyes as they talk about "Oregano's." It seems to be on everyone's favs on their Facebook pages. So, I guess it would be hard to live up to the hype.  Honestly, for my money, there's far better (and cheaper) pizza in Tempe just up the street and there's not a 20-30 minute wait nor any hype. The pizza's fine here, but nothing spectacular. Same with the pasta dishes. The waiters kinda annoy me with their buddy-buddy schtick, "Hey, good job bra, you finished that huge pie." I feel like I'm five.  I dunno. I feel so awkward eating at a place where it seems everyone else is just so excited to be there, and I just don't understand.
4	I really enjoyed Oregano's. The pizza is great. One of the better pizzas I have had. I visited this Oregano's twice while I stayed in Mesa in January. I highly recommend the bistro classic pizza, the pesto penne bake and the  pizza cookie for dessert.I had to wait 45 minutes for a table on one of my visits. It is closer to the university so very busy.
4	I used to think the stereotypical Italian grandmother who asks if you're hungry and then feeds you regardless of your answer, and then feeds you again, and then makes you a sandwich, and then brings you a canolli, and then packs something for you to take when you leave was just a myth.  Then I actually met one like that.Oreganos reminds me of just such a grandmother.  The wait is terrible.  Really.  Bring a fucking book. Better yet, load the back of your pickup with a generator, a wide screen TV and your favorite game console.  Or better yet, bring a DVD player, your favorite movie and some lawn chairs and make everyone happy.  Cause you'll all be sitting there for a very long time.  You will finish the movie.  You might meet the love of your life, court, get engaged, become disillusioned and divorce before you get called for a table.Deal with it.  It's pretty much worth it.The pasta dishes are all great.  I like most of the sandwiches except for the turkey.  The pizza is good but it takes a while.  I like all of the salads.  The portions here are fucking obscene.  That's right.  That's the only way I can put it across to you so that you'll understand.  Plan to share if you don't want to be eating the leftovers you took home for a week.If you don't believe me, you'll have plenty of time to check it out for yourself while you're waiting for your table.  Because like I said, it's going to be a while.  This is good because it gives you time to build up an enormous appetite so you can begin to contemplate actually finishing your meal.  You may even believe somehow that you're going to do it.  But don't kid yourself.  It's not possible.The saving grace here is that the food is quite good.  Kind of a spicy take on Italian with a few curve balls thrown in just to mess with you.  Try the UFOs.  They're disgusting.  Disgustingly good.  You'll hate yourself in the morning, but you'll enjoy every delicious bite.When the bill comes, you'll be surprised.I paid what?  For all of that?  Don't make a big deal about it or try to get your waiter to double check it for you.  It really is that cheap.  Why do you think you and 40 other otherwise reasonable people waited for over an hour just to sit in a kitchy booth and be doted on?What's that? You ate it all? No way. Are you sure?  Geeze dumbass, now look what you did.  How are you ever gonna have room for their signature warm cookie pizza treat thing with ice cream on top?  It's the whole reason you go.  I tried to warn you.
4	Oreganoes is fantastic, the pizza is alot better than main stream pizza and hole in the wall places.  The wings of fire is probably the best tasting in town.  the food portions are massive and reasonably priced.there is always a wait for lunch or dinner so its a great place to go for off hour eating.the pizzuki is standard issue, but i'm not really a desert person so I can't say if its good or bad.
3	A friend who used to live in Phoenix took us here. Like another reviewer, I thought they were known for their pizza but the pizza was my least favorite out of all the dishes (trust me, I live in Little Italy in San Francisco so I have had my share of pizza). The portions and the cheap prices are out of control but I guess that means you get a big bang for your buck. We went on a weekday for lunch and didn't have to wait which was great.
3	I heard great things about Oregano's so I had to check it out.  It's fairly good pizza, I think, but I don't think it was particularly cheap (just average prices).  The margarita I got in a moment of insanity was horrible but at least it was fairly strong.  We showed up at 4:30 PM and didn't have to wait for a table, but waited an hour from the time we ordered to get our pizza (a pan and a thin crust).  People were waiting for tables before 6 PM.  Had to get the pizookie at a friend's recommendation.  Definitely yummy but not irresistibly so.  I'm glad to have gone, and I'd recommend it for someone new to check out, but I don't think I'd ever go back.  The food is good and reasonably priced but not worth the hour wait for cooking plus the 1-4 hr wait just to be seated.  If I did go back, it would only be on an off-hour.
3	I need balance in my life, which is why I love the pizza cookie here.  The yin of the freshly baked brownie bottom fused the yang of the chocolate chip ice cream on top...delicious.  I used to come here in groups when I lived in on campus just for a late-night snack. Great for people on the see-food diet..
3	I met Andrea K. here for lunch. I haven't been to Oregano's in nearly 2 years and I've never been to this location.I thought I'd arrive a few minutes early so we wouldn't have to wait since Andrea was on her lunch break.I forgot how stingy and rude they can be about seating you until your entire party has arrived. OK so if I was alone I would still get seated at a 2 or 4 top so whats the BFD if she hasn't arrived yet!I wait and look at the menu, which they have redone since my last visit, what an eye-crossing mess they turned it into.YAY! Andrea arrives we get seated and order our drinks. The waiter does not tell Andrea that the Ice tea is flavored, she asks if he minded getting her a soda instead.  Waiting for that soda...................................Since we are seated right next to the drink station I offer to grab her soda for her........I pretty much get yelled at by some waitress,she gets it for her instead.OK so I ended up ordering something I have never tried before the "Veggie Wedgie" (wedge-cut foccocia bread  with dusted sauteed eggplant, fresh portabello mushrooms and provolone cheese and baked. It's then stuffed with roma tomatoes, spinach, goat cheese and feta cheese, along with an aioli dressing placed on the side for dipping.) And a small dinner salad.They have also changed the salads since my last visit, it used to be romaine and mozzarella now its spring greens and gorgonzola.......either way its good.My sandwich arrives and each half is bigger than my head,WOW! it looks good too.............Looks can be deceiving....it was not so good.....the eggplant was bland and cold, the sandwich did not seem "baked" enough and over all not really much flavor going on, and how on earth they thought I could dip that huge thing into their tiny cup of Over garlicked aioli is beyond me.When waiter boy comes by I tell him its not so good, he takes it away with no hesitation. Manager come by and offers me something else, I really am full and didn't want anything but let him oblige me with a slice anyhow. I really am against getting any other food items after having to send something back....Out comes my slice.........well cheese is sliding to one side and it's covered in a black soot as is the pineapple....maybe it fell on the floor to teach me a lesson??? I should have took a picture! All the other slices I saw go by looked pristine...what happened to mine?I wasn't planning on eating it anyway, I was full.I apologize to the waiter about the sandwich again and her assures me that its no problem they always encourage people to try something new, if you don't like it they will take it off the bill no problem. ~I thought that was great customer service on their part.So they did take off my sandwich and my slice from the bill, Thanks Again guys!~Andrea and I are still chatting.........~Waiter: "can I get you some boxes?"~ Us: "OK"5 minutes later~Waiter: "Do you need help boxing that up?"~US: "No thanks"5 minutes later~ Waiter: "Can I Get you a to go cup for your drinks?"Geesh I Think we can take a hint, I guess we'll get going....there wasn't any people waiting to be sat so whats the rush??3 stars for Their hospitable understanding over the bad sandwich
4	Why four out of five?  Because of all the waiting!  Other than that, I can't say enough about this place!  It's wonderful!  Everything I've eaten has been good not only the first time, but as a leftover as well.  Mmm!  The garlic bread with cheese makes for a great appetizer, and I confess I've also ordered it as my entre at least twice now.  Always get that homemade, meatless marinara too!  The salads are huge and delicious!  The pizza is thin and very West Coast, but it's alright.  I love the pasta dishes.  Also the Veggie Wedgie is a delightful vegetarian sandwich, truly unique and tasty.  The giant cookie dessert is worth it, if you make it to dessert and have someone to share it with.  The wine, beer, and cocktails available are also very nice and affordable at about $5 each.  They even sell shirts there for a reasonable price, if you're a huge fan like me!  There are many things on the menu that I haven't tried, I admit.  Some of that is due to the large amounts of meat in most dishes.  Otherwise, it's simply because I'm too hungry to wait for the 30-40 minute wait times many menu items incur.  I bring my out-of-town guests here when they're craving Italian.  This particular location seems busier than most, but you can't beat it.  And their slogans are right; garlic breath is sexy.
5	This place is great....just great.  Been going there for years.  You can get pretty good quality pizza......east like a pig.....for about $15...and that includes salad and drink with tons of pizza.
4	"Yum!! YES PLEASE!!!Love the thin crust, and that COOKIE!!  :)When summer is over, it's is so much fun to sit outside and enjoy at any of their locations.!!"
4	Can anyone say thin crust pizza...  Everything on the menu is great, but I'm addicted to the thin crust pizza.Tap Beer is around 4 bucks a pint, so getting your drink on isn't to expensive either.My only gripe, which illustrates how good this place is, is that it is packed every time I go there.  Word to the pizza cookie too... If you have the room, this will ensure a heart attack by mid evening.
4	One of my fondest memories when I was in college took place when I was on a diet for three months.  I had no sweets during that entire time.  So when my friends and I came here for a late night dessert visit, we each got our own pizza cookie.  I had them before, but this visit was heavenly.  The experience was the very definition of foodgasm.So when I returned to Tempe for the first time since I left in 2007, I knew I had to go back to Oregano's.  Fortunately everything was just as I remembered.  Huge sandwiches including my entree, the veggie wedgie.  It was a little underseasoned but the aioli helped it a lot.  The pizza cookie was just as good as every.  Nice and hot.  Simple concept and yes, I could make it at home, but why when they make it for you.
5	I love Oregano's! I especially love this location! The outside patio on a beautiful day is worth the wait. And waiting is something you should anticipate because this place gets packed! So if you want to eat early then get there before 7 and if not be ready to wait at least half an hour to an hour give or take ten minutes. Then remember that your meal will take about 20 to 30 minutes to come out depending on what you order but don't worry about all of that, just go and get a drink and sit and relax with friends and family. As for food I usually always stick with pizza and wings. I recommend the medium and gold flavored wings. Gold isn't on the menu but just tell your server and they'll know what you mean. They are so delicious, honestly one of my favorite wing sauce of all times. As for pizza, Oh my god, there are so many great choices. If you want something different and want to try their chicago style pizza then I recommend the Numero One-0. If you like pan pizza try the Lawrence's Chicken Cheddar Broccoli. And if you like thin crust pizza's, which honestly I love, then try the Grandma G's Rosemary Chicken Potato. The Grandma G's is my absolute favorite pizza at Oregano's, but don't take my word for it go and try them all out for yourself. Oh and I almost forgot, if you still have room left for dessert make sure to get the pizza cookie! That thing is so good, I just wish I didn't get full every time I go so I could actually order one.
5	Oregano's is my #1 favorite restaurant. While it's known for it's pizza (which is fabulous) I have to recommend the Pablo Picasso Salad. My mouth waters just thinking about it! You don't need to be a salad fan to enjoy this feast. If you don't like spicy, just ask for the dressing on the side and add as much or little as you like. But I've introduced this salad to many who were less than excited to try it, but coudln't stop talking about how wonderful it was after cleaning their plate.  Make sure to save some room for the pizookie!
4	I've been eating at Oregano's for as long as I can remember. It's definitely a staple of amazing locally owned AZ food. The guacatony is the best thing on the menu, a thin thin thin pizza crust with garlic, onions and herbs served with a huge pile of italian-inspired guacamole. I order this baby every time I come here. Other awesome thing about Oregano's is the beer selection and prices. Pitcher of Fat Tire for only $12? Sounds good to me! I am a big fan of their salads, when I used to eat meat their antipasto was amazing. Pizza is great great great. Thin and large! I like eating my pizza in square and mini-triangle end pieces. I always enjoy my meal at Oregano's. Some gripes include long waits, as the restaurants are rather small, and sometimes less than awesome service, but only sometimes. Oregano's is always a great spot to meet up for drinks and excellent food. I heard they are expanding the chain to other states, here's hoping SF gets one! I miss you Oregano's!!!
4	I'm not a huge fan of pizza...but I like this place because they have really good food in addition to pizza. The wings are AMAZING. You can't get two seperate flavors in one order of wings (which kind of bummed me out), but you can get the sauces mixed together. So the waiter suggested the Wong sauce mixed with the Medium sauce...holy cow! So so so so yummy! And I tell you what, that medium sauce has a hell of a kick. I was sweating by the time I got through my 5th wing. I'm kinda afraid to try the Hot sauce.I've also tried their Meatball sandwich. I got the Junior size and still couldn't finish the thing! I also got the side Chicken Ceaser Pasta salad which was tres delicious.You can also get giant stuffed pizzas which I hear are amazing, but they take about 40 minutes to get to your table which gives you plenty of time to fill up on beer. Which brings me to my biggest piece of advice if you plan on eating at Oregano's: wear loose fitting pants.The location on University is always pretty busy, parking can be a bit messy and they won't seat you until your entire party is there. So I recommend carpooling.
5	After reading some great reviews about this place I had to try this place out.  First off you are going to have to wait awhile but it is worth the wait. For appetizer we had the long cheese bread which is so good, and the pizza is out of this world, you have to go with the thin crust, did not really enjoy the chicago style, the pizza is freaking tasty.  Then we topped it off with a pizza cookie, that things is so good. If you want some really good pizza and don't mind the wait then you have to try this place!
4	Arrrgh!!! why do i keep coming back here???i guess i should be asking the more poignant question: why is their food so effing good that i brave the elements and the parking and the waiting just to come here??? pizza is a dream, salads are heaven and the ice cream on a hot cookie is perfectly divine.honestly, parking is a nightmare that even Freddy Kruger can't manipulate. no matter what time of the day it is, there is always at least a 10-minute wait. but folks, do not let these things deter you from fabulous pizza and rich dessert. i've braved the half hour wait, the cold, the rain and the heat to eat here.Oreganos truly tests the patience of the patient-less but is well worth the stress.
4	I will quote the friend who recommended this restaurant word for word --- "Oregano's is the only decent place to go to in Tempe. Don't go anywhere else."That is what he said. "It's the only place that isn't a chain, at least Oregano's is an Arizona chain ..."So off we went, with good advice in hand and found the service to be fast, n' friendly, and the food fresh, hot, n' tasty. We had the Vino Bambino Jr. (really big for the two of us) and the El Picasso thin crust pizza. The Vino Bambino needed extra dressing, but it was yum, and the El Picasso was good .... but we could have gotten something a little better. It was the corn strips on top that threw us off!Overall though, we liked it and it was a hit-the-spot type of meal that didn't hurt our wallets at all ...
3	I have both eaten here and carried out pizza. Being from chicago i have high standards for my pies and oreganos does a good job. Its not outstanding, just good the service is good, and the only drawback is the parking and crowds, which usually translates into long waits for ok food. oh, and the salads are good too. give it a try, im sure you'll like it.
4	So I ventured to give this location a second try after my first experience almost sent me to heaven in a pizza box! The service was great even the second time around! It took my boyfriend and I almost 20 minutes to order because we were trying to get something different that we both wanted to eat. Our waitress was so relaxed and willing to help, she finally took pity on us and suggested two dishes - which we jumped on.The Big Rig Pasta was SO YUMMY! A+ for her first suggestion...though I wish I could say the same for her other suggestion. The stuffed mushrooms which was her second suggestion were "eh." I'm not going to hold it against her though because she was just trying to help us. The mushrooms weren't that great, I think it had more to do with the sausage which the mushrooms were stuffed with and the overall texture of all the ingredients, just didn't do it for us. But I'd like to mention that even though these mushrooms were a bit gross, they were still 100% better than anything I ate at Avalon in Scottsdale. I'd rather eat stuffed mushrooms for the rest of my life then eat another dish at Avalon.I am so bummbed though because even though I only took  a few bites of the mushrooms, I basically stuffed my face with the Big Rig dish and so at the end I was so full I couldn't eat their one dessert - which is what I wanted to order first but my boyfriend wouldn't let me until I had "real food" first. Ugh, next time dessert is #1 for this chic! :)
3	Quite frankly its not worth the wait. Oreganos isn't bad but by no means should anyone wait 45+ minutes for a table to eat here. If I drive in and see a mass of people sitting outside waiting for a table I keep driving. At least they expanded their parking a few years ago, that was a major plus. If it isnt busy, lol, I know its always busy, then check it out, otherwise there are many other better options in Tempe.
5	Best thin crust pizza. Ever.
5	Yum, Yum, Yum. There are a hundred reasons you should love Oreganos. The food is delicious. They offer huge portions. Their salads are amazing and their pasta dishes are even better. The thin crust pizza is great to share. The staff is always attentive and super friendly.Other reasons include:The Pazooki - Vanilla ice cream a-top a huge steaming hot cookie.Belinnis - Frozen Peach schnapps, champagne, and chambord.Great atmosphere - old records and signs, oversized tables, frank sinatra playing overhead.A great patio with heaters in the winter and misters in the summer.Just don't go on a night you are super starving, because there is ALWAYS a wait at any of their locations and they don't take reservations!
2	Seriously, I just clicked on "two stars" and the description couldn't have said it better. "Meh. I've experienced better." I came here with my girlfriend at 8 on a Sunday night, and had a downright unpleasant experience. To sum it up; we waited for 45 mins, and then when I was seated I was told the deep dish would be an HOUR wait. WTF? I ordered the thin crust (which I hate) and got out of there in just under 2 hours. On the way out, I mentioned to the manager that they should really get thier act in gear and he told me, and I am quoting: "The good news is we are opening up many locations all over the valley to cut down on your wait time and better accommodate." Really? I'm going to Grimaldi's. Next time I want shitty fake Italian food I'll go to Olive Garden...
4	This Oregano's is great! Their dessert cookies are delicious, and their pizza is good too. I've gone here several times, its not always as good as you expect it, i guess it just depends on the dish. I recently got the Bistro Classic pizza and it's the best thing I've had there yet! I would definitely recommend it. Oh, and their just regular dinner salad is great too, especially with the Raspberry Vinaigrette. The Gorgonzola cheese they put on it can be a little strong, especially after you eat it for awhile but it gives the salad a nice touch. The Boom Dip is also a good appetizer. Hope my review is helpful.
4	I have only one thing to contribute to the discussion on this Oregano's: THE VEGGIE WEDGIE SANDWICH IS THE BEST VEGGIE SANDWICH EVERRRRRRRRRRRRRR.  Fried veggies + goat cheese + focacia + dipping sauce + waffle fries = heaven.My favorite method for eating at Oregano's is to either go really early, or call in an order for the V.W. and lounge around feeling fat and happy while watching trashy television.
5	I used to work here so my opinion is swayed.  The food here is top quality and good priced. I loved working here and I miss the pizza. I couldn't pick just one good thing there. I really do like it all... serious. But If I had to pick:my fav app is the Guca Tonyfav pasta is the Big Rig, but... the Alfredo is close toofav pizza..... ugh.. I like them all, all styles....fav sandwich is meatballfav salad is the pabloI could go on but its Saturday night and I need to go out.
1	Parking is a joke, limited seating (especially inside) is among the worst of all popular restaurants in Arizona, and the crowd of college kids and self-styled Mill Ave. area business professional types makes for one annoying dining experience.  I've wondered why the owners bother to choose these locations, especially in areas that have horrible street parking when the daily event of overflowing parking occurs.  You have to realize this ruins the whole experience from the start.   It's all fabricated hype - excessively limit the seating and parking, always have a waitlist, and viola you've created the appearance of overflowing demand.If you go immediately when they open you can often get a seat at the bar and then things are tolerable - just get the individual slices with beer and they'll get you in and out of there fast.  You won't have to listen to complicated explanations for why their pizza takes so long.  They also haven't adjusted the music volume up louder and louder yet either, so again... go when they open.  The fried spicy ravioli are tasty, but I'm struggling to say something positive here.
2	In general, I do like Oregano's, and would give the chain as a whole 3.5 stars. However, the one time I tried this location, the service was pretty bad, it took forever for our food to come (when the place wasn't even that crowded), and when things came out wrong, neither our server nor the manager were very apologetic...in fact, they could have cared less. The Oregano's Favorite salad was delicious, as usual. The pizzas were just okay. I like the Scottsdale locations much better.
4	In short: Great pizza and Italian food, if you don't mind the crowd and waiting a bit.I've been going here for the last 5 years, it's close by to my place so I usually just drop by in the off hours for a bite to eat.  It's pretty conveniently located near Mill and University, close by to all the bars at Mill.  The atmosphere is great, very relaxed and casual, without the usual pompous and fake Italian restaurant feel.  It is full of college kids most of the time, so atmosphere is a bit more lively than most other family restaurants.  You have the choice of sitting at the bar, inside booths or an outside table.  I like it outside as long as it's not in the summer, but they do have misters and shade so it's not all that bad.  Like some of the other reviewers noted, wait time can exceed even an hour around peak dinner and lunch times.  If you go off peak say around an hour after the usual lunch or dinner times, then you can get seated right away or maybe a 15 min wait at max.  The pizza is the best thing here, there's a bunch of choices or you can build your own.  I'm quite fond of the Frisco and the '45 minute wait' stuffed crust.  But I recommend having an appetizer or two before dinner, I love the wings (Wings of fire and Royal gold are the best) or the garlic bread.  Another good starter is the Beafstro salad but it's a humongous plate of beef and salad, the best of all worlds.  I also like their numerous sandwiches, and various pasta combinations.  Baked ziti is amazing and like pretty much every other item on the menu it's huge.  You should definitely top your experience off with a pazookie for dessert, it's absolutely delicious, I get one every time I go.The prices are great too, their 18" pizzas is about 20$ and it'll comfortably feed 2-4 depending on how hungry you are.  Also you can definitely share any of the other items, making this place a perfect place to have a very cozy and intimate meal.
5	I get a craving to come here about every other week.  Their food is consistently fantastic, even with their large, diverse menu.  The pizzas are fresh and unusual (Grandma G's Rosemary Chicken Potato ... potatoes?  On PIZZA?  Who would have guessed that would be so fantastic?).  The pasta is full of garlic and flavor.  The wings are crispy and perfect.  The sandwiches are huge and tasty.  I could go on.  I've never had anything there that wasn't terrific!Now, since the food is so good and the atmosphere so fun, and since everyone KNOWS that (due to reviews like the one you're reading now), be prepared to wait.  If you get there around 7:00 any given night, you should be prepared to wait about a half hour.  If you arrive at the same time on a weekend night, your wait could be over an hour.  Parking at the Tempe and Old Town Scottsdale locations is tight (as the Phoenix area tries to grow up and become a real city, this is inevitable, and will be more and more common), but it's better at the Mesa and Gilbert spots.  And since the food is fresh, you naturally have to wait longer for food that takes longer to prepare, such as the wings or the deep dish pizzas.Okay, you've been warned.  Believe me (and I'm one of Earth's least patient people), the wait will be worth it.
4	Great food and great outside dining. If I could afford the carbs I'd eat here more often. The staff is always friendly - Sometimes too friendly... :)While eating a meal there, the male waiter came up and asked my 15 yr. old son "Can I get that for you babe?" Then he froze and said "I just called you babe, didn't I?" We laughed all the way home.
5	Great food. Thin crust pizza is awesome. Haven't tried the deep dish yet but will need good appetite. Service is always friendly. Suggestion for this location: get ther by 11:15 and you'll get parking and good seating. Little early but who's counting?
5	Just thinking about this place makes my mouth water!! Such a tease! I wish we had one here in the Bay. The menu is HUGE and I mean that figuratively and literally. You can fan yourself with the menu, block out the entire neighboring table, build a fort, omg it's freakin' huge. I almost poked my friends eye out a few times oh and almost knocked everything off of the table. Everything here is HUGE. The water glass alone requires you to double hand it. If you are a soda lover like me and drink it so fast that you hate waiting for a refill...well you won't have that problem here because your soda glass is about a liter :) yippee!! I ordered the antipasti salad and it had so much yummy meat in it! It was a darn tasty salad and the dressing wasn't overpowering. I think it probably had more meat than lettuce...not complaining! One friend had the hot wings, yup, they have a diverse menu. The other friend had the ravioli. It was one giant ravioli! I had a few bites of it and it was good but it can definitely be a bit too much ravioli. The table next to us had a little tike and they gave him a roll of fresh dough and a pizza pan so that he could play with it. Kinda cool...wonder why we didn't get that option ;-) Again, wish this place was in the Bay Area. I love that they had misters in their patio/waiting area. It's obviously not there for looks. Did I mention Phoenix is HOT?! Heart this place!
5	This place is great, especially if you're looking for a fun sit down restaurant. The pasta looked great but we opted for pizza. The thin crust pizza was tasty and so was the stuffed artichoke appetizer but the kicker was the peanut butter pizookie dessert. It was freaking awesome!! The service is great and very friendly and we really enjoyed the atmosphere.
5	We were there a few nights ago for dinner. Top notch. Portions were huge and the food was excellent. We got there early and the place started filling up quick and almost anyone we asked highly recommended the place as well. Next time I'm in town it's a sure stop.
2	Went here with 2 coworkers for lunch on a Friday afternoon, man what a waste of time. I came from California to eat this? Staff were EXTREMELY friendly (almost over the top), but the service was absolutely terrible. We didn't order any of the complicated and long preparation time items and it took nearly 35 minutes to get our food -- and the restaurant was barely 70% full. I got the baked pesto ziti with chicken. It was all right, nothing to write home about. Would be great for pesto lovers as its drenched in it. The redeeming factor was that the grilled chicken addon gives you A LOT of chicken breast for your 3 bucks. The bread bowl was also a little disconcertingThey forgot to input my coworkers order (slice of pepperoni pizza) into the computer and it took an extra 10 minutes after the rest of us got our food to prepare that. Seriously? 10 minutes for 1 slice of the most common pizza ever served?! Other coworker got the Big Rig Rigatoni and she said it was pretty good. Definitely looked better than my dish.Overall this reminded me of the typical American chain-ish restaurant with the HUGE portions. Staff were superfriendly but that doesn't make up for a disorganized kitchen
5	Great food! Pizza is really delicious--- thin crust, cheesy and filling. The portions are big and the servers are really friendly. The desert is amazing!!! Get the peanut butter cookie sundae--- a gooey cookie with melting ice cream...yum!
5	Woah, Nellie! Is there anything better than Oregano's? The parking situation could be improved and the place gets crowded fast (a sign of a good establishment) , so try to get there right at 11:00 when they open if you are planning a lunch. Dinner time? Fuggedaboutit!  You will have a wait...The pizza is always a good option. The slices are huge and one will typically fill up even a big guy like me. Maybe add a small salad if you must. I also enjoy the Big Rig Pasta. Lately I have been trying to be less of a big guy and instead, have ordered the salad. I have never attempted a full size and typically can only come close to finishing the half portion. The Pablo Picaso Mexican Salad is good, as is Mrs. Gibbilini's Original Spinach Salad - but my favorite is the Vino Bambino.Hint - don't eat it all! Save room for dessert because there are fewer things on Earth I have experienced that are better than the Original Pizza Cookie. YUMMY! It's best not to be in a hurry because the cookie takes about 15 minutes to prepare - but its well worth the wait!
4	This place is FREAKING DELICIOUS. I'll go out on a limb here and say that their wings of fire may be the best wings i have ever had. But be warned. If you order them "hot", then that is exactly what they turn out being. HOT. Not "hooters" hot, but actually, mouth-numbing, HOT. Capital letters. You will be the mayor of hiccupville. Better order another 24 oz beer. The rest of the food i have tried here was also delicious. The Big O'l Ravioli, is literally a single ravioli, that is the size of an airplane pillow. What's not to like about that? Also the pizza cookie TRUMPS the one they serve at BJ's. I wholeheartedly recommend it Oregano's. I also wholeheartedly recommend that Oregano's open a restaurant in San Diego. Please and thank you.
3	Average Italian restaurant.  They have some great dishes and others that are just OK.  I'm from St. Louis where we have a large Italian population and the restaurants to prove it.  When I moved down to Phoenix in '05 I was disappointed to find very little in the way of tasty Italian fare, so  I was excited the first time I went to Oregano's because I had heard so many rave reviews for it.  What I have come to realize is that Oregano's is the "nice restaurant" for the Mill Ave. area.  More likely than not, this is where everyone who goes to ASU wants to eat on their birthday.  Chances are this is the nicest place they've eaten because they A) don't have a car or B) refuse to leave their Mill-box.  I'm not saying don't go, just don't expect to be blown away.  If you don't mind driving for better food, I'd check out Rigatony's in Chandler.
4	Thanks for my friend and ex-Phoenician, Leeanna, for recommending the salad here.  I was headed to some other place that I'd found on Yelp, but was having trouble finding it, when there was Oregano's!  Having had In-N-Out burger for lunch and wanting something light, I remembered Leeanna's statement that she never even tried the pizza here since the salad was that amazing.  So I pulled in to the packed parking lot, past the crowd of folks waiting for a table, and headed for the take out counter.  I opted for the Junior versions of the signature salad and the veggie wedgie.   I sat by the door, since even the bar was full, but didn't wait more than 10 minutes.The salad was yummy and HUGE, even though I only got the Jr.  I don't particularly care for raisins, so I guess I should have asked to get one without, but it was still delicious.  As with the salad, the veggie wedgie Jr was still HUGE.  I hadn't realized when I ordered it that it came with waffle fries.  Everything had gotten a little spongy and soggy in transport, but that's my fault.  The flavor was still delicious - great combination of eggplant, spinach, tomato, cheese.I'll definitely come back for more next time I'm in Phoenix.
4	LOVE Oregano's! They have delicious pizza, pasta, salads, wings, everything. The portions are huge and the prices are right and I can honestly say I've never not left Oregano's full and satisfied! Plus the atmosphere is fun as well. If you've saved room after your meal, try the pizookie, it's amazing. Giving 4 stars because there is always a huge wait and they don't take reservations or seat you until everyone is there, and also because the deep dish pizza was far too cheesy and saucy when I tried it (more than a deep dish should be) but everything else is superb.
5	I love Oregeno's!I had the artichoke dip, the spinach salad, and a couple different pizzas on my last vist.  Everything was amazing (as always)!
3	The food in general is not terrible, but reheating seems to be a problem for this spot. Case in point: I have added meatballs to my pasta, I have added sausage to my pasta. Both were lukewarm on the outside, icy on the inside. So I won't order the add-on's again.
5	Scale of 1-10 (multiple visits):10 Food9 Service10 Atmosphere8 Value
1	PLEASE!!! dnt waste your time here food NASTY service HOrrible. we came here because its right across the street from hm. if your looking for friendly go there, but good eats no! the mixed drinks are HORRIBLE!
4	Don't tell anyone back East that I had a Chicago-style pizza last night!  I'll lose a pinky or end up buried in the Meadowlands.What I like about Oregano's is the freshness.  We ordered the deep-dish, Chicago-style pizza and they warned us that it would take 45 minutes.  Hey, fine with me.  So, to bide the time, we got cheesy bread.  This thing was about 2 feet long!  It came out in a bread basket, but was hanging over the ends.  That's how long it was.  Hey, I'm single.  I pay attention to length.There are a million different ingredients you can put on your pizza.  We had mushrooms (you can choose regular or portabella), onions (white, carmelized or red), green peppers and jalapenos.  It came out loaded with cheese and topped with sauce.  I like that.  It made the veggies and cheese all melted together and then topped with sauce.  I could only have one piece.  I didn't stay for the pazookie.  One of these days, I will.  The service was excellent.  We had a table outside (it had stopped raining) near the heaters.  The manager even gave me a blankie to put on my lap.
4	I've been to five different Oreganos in the Valley and each one is pretty consistent as far as food is concerned. All of them get very packed, there's a 30+ minute wait to get seated on weekends and a 30+ minute wait if you want a pan pizza. At least servers tell you that up front.Servers are pretty friendly too. So much so that multiple friends think they have a shot at dating them by the time we're done eating. We've chosen to sit at the bar at the Tempe location to avoid long waits in getting a table. Problem is, and I don't know if they do this at all the locations, they'll charge you for certain soft drinks (mainly soda water) at the bar but never when you're at a table. I've never questioned it but I don't understand it. Parking is pretty decent here and there's an abundance of chairs in the parking lot and reading material for people who are waiting to get  a seat. There's a large outdoor seating section too, but I don't know if they bring the heaters out there during winter nights like they do in Mesa.Even weekend afternoons here could warrant a wait. I'd avoid it during ASU basketball games or football Saturdays.
4	Pizza is a staple, and its always good to find places where your craving can be satisfied. Oreganos is one of those places. Salads and pizzas are both delicious. I am partial to thin crust and their's hit the spot. I also tried a bit of chicago style- meh, its good, but I just don't get the whole deep dish thing in general. Complete your meal with the pizza cookie concoction - you will go into a sugar coma but it tastes so good going down. Enjoy!
5	Never been dissappointed here, awesome food and great service with even better prices! Whenever I talk to someone that hasn't been here, I immediately recommend it. There is usually a wait for dinner but it is well worth it, I haven't tried the pizza yet but everything else has been really good. A nice place to take a date or go with friends.
4	For a local chain this is one of my favorites. OH Oregano's you make me laugh with your innuendos, your yummy thin crust pizzas, and you've had me with your pizzookies from the first time I've had one. I am grateful alone that I live in a city that has such a ridiculously wonderful and unique specialty that no other place has (that i know of)! Their pizzookies are a great alternative other than drinking if you were in a breakup, a boy passed you up (yes i'll eat my feelings if need be, and that's if a brown bag special passed me up), you failed a test, or had a shitty day.I love that their pizzookies are either choco chip white macadamia nut or oatmeal raisin. you can do half and half too! and served with two scoops of ice creams makes this an awesome snack or after dinner treat. Anywho... love it!
4	One of my favorite spots in Arizona (not that I've been to a whole lot of em).  Their thin crust pizzas are great (delicious toppings and large portions) and their chicken wings - out of this world.  After you stuff yourself, top yourself off with a pizza cookie dessert - it's a half baked cookie with three heaping scoops of vanilla ice cream on top.  I gain 5 lbs. just thinking about it.  On top of all that - their wait staff are friendly, responsive, and very easy on the eyes, ha ha.  Overall, a fun place that is worth a visit when you're in Arizona.
5	This is one of the most unique restaurants we have been to.  The menu is so diverse and has many items that were so unique.  Try the Veggie Weggie--nothing like it anywhere.  And there service is quick and friendly.  We arrived for lunch ten minutes before they were to opened and were sitting with 4 other groups waiting for 11.  They noticed us waiting and opened early so we would not be waiting.  Nice touch.  You can't find these places anywhere back east or in Calif., so if you are traveling, treat yourself before u leave town.
5	This is a centrally located restaurant, I think with the best customer service of the Oregano's in the valley, that I've been to.  They are always welcoming, and instantly greeted upon arrival by anyone who sees you.  The only thing that exceeds their great customer service, is their incredibly menu full of fantastic different options.They offer a healthier pizza crust, which is a thin, whole wheat crust for those looking to indulge a little, but still stay on the healthier side.  They have enormous portions so sharing is a great option.  They feature a lunch special from 11-3 which is really a great deal, and great food.Last but certainly not least is the Pazookie.  This is the most intensely satisfying and delicious part of Oregano's.  Everyone who eats there ABSOLUTELY needs to order this... it is out of this world!
4	On my last visit to Tempe my sister brought me to this place. The food here was excellent. We had the pesto pizza and an order of wings.The wings were excellent. The sauce was very delicious and the wings weren't completely drenched in it. They were very tasty. The pesto pizza was savory. The crust was thin and crispy and the pesto was very good. Excellent pizza place.
3	I don't get what the hype and big deal are.  I do think the outdoor patio seating is quaint.  I love that they give pizza dough to the kids to play with and then bake the kids creation.  I found our salad to be just okay, the pizza to be just okay and the pazooki to be way over rated.  I would not order it again.  In fact I wouldn't even go back to the restaurant unless it was a night out that someone else planned.
4	Went a on Friday lunch!  Loved it!  It was a birthday lunch, so the waitress offered us free desert too.  NICE!!  I had the bowl of pasta with chicken for lunch..  TOO much food.  Good and fast!!
5	One of my all time favorite restaurants. I've eaten at the Tempe, Mesa, Old Town, and North Scottsdale locations and I've never been let down. The Tempe location was my first Oreganos experience and also the location I've been to the most. I have never had a bad meal at Oreganos and rarely had just ok meals. It literally has something everyone will like it just may take a few samples to get dialed in to your go to meal. The Pablo Picasso with chicken salad is my favorite salad that I have ever had and continues to be time and time again. The Big Rig Pasta with chicken is one of my favorite pastas anywhere as well. Both are slightly spicy but not to the point that it keeps my anti-spicy friends from enjoying it too. If I'm in a pizza mood a simple Oreganos thin crust pepperoni is delicious and always hits the spot! But my friends also rave about some of the more exotic pizza choices on the menu. Another friend favorite is the meatball sub which I've never heard a bad thing about. Finally, for dessert, the Pizza Cookie or Pizookie or whatever you call it is amazing! I am not a dessert person by any means but this thing is sooooo good! A perfectly slightly undercooked cookie topped with ice cream! Can't beat it! No matter how full you are from the enormous portions you can't leave without trying one of these masterpieces, you'll thank me after! Get one to share and it will disappear fast. I love the original chocolate chip cookie with vanilla but they also offer peanut butter and white chocolate macadamia. All my friends die for the white chocolate macadamia but I've never tried it because of my food allergy to macadamias. If you're thinking about eating here, go now!
3	We would give it 3 1/2 stars if we could since Oregano's is really better then your average pizza place but it's not quite Bianco's. The Chicago Thin Crust Pizza was a very good pie. Thin but not overly hard, the ingredients were fresh but a little salty. The service was great and the place decorated really fun and retro, you definitely knew you were having a pizza when you walk in.
5	I used to come here strictly for the pizookie... It's the most delicious dessert and I can never find the strength to pass it up.Then I came to realize that their food is equally as amazing as the pizookie.  I don't eat wings, but their sauce is so good, I'd love to buy a bottle of that stuff.  I've been ordering their Veggie Wedgie sandwich or the barbecue pizza when I'm with my cousin.. She adds all kinds of toppings to the pizza and I would recommend ordering a pizza w/ bbq sauce and then whatever else appeals to you.. (Thin crust of course, it's the best PLUS their thick crust usually takes a little less than an hour to make)  I guarantee you'll love it!
5	My Wife and I had dinner here during our Son's ASU move-in weekend this past weekend. It was absolutely FANTASTIC! We arrived to an open table for 2 in the bar area (no wait at all). We started by having a really tall dark local beer which was very good. We then split the Mrs. Gibbilini's Original Spinach Salad and between the both of us couldn't finish it for fear we wouldn't be able to eat the small (8") Pepperoni, Onion, and Roasted Red Pepper deep dish pizza that we ordered (brought home 2 slices). The spinach salad was outstanding and the Chicago style deep dish pizza was the best that I have ever had outside of Chicago! Props to our server as well as she took great care of us...and was funny and entertaining (not to mention, she was really cute too! Our Son missed out...haha). We will definitely be going back on each visit to Tempe to see our Son!
4	I really like this place every time I come here. Never a wait and good service. The portions are unreal so bring your appetite. The pizzas are great and the baked pastas are so good. Looking forward to the next time.
5	I moved here last December and so far this is my favorite pizza spot.  I had the thin crust (whole wheat) chicken pesto pizza and it was amazing!!  I love pesto.  And there have been a couple occasions where my friends and I have gone just for the pazooki's!! I have tried many of the warm cookie w/ ice cream desserts in the past but nothing else compares to Oregano's Pazooki!!One time my pizza came messed up and the staff was amazing about making up for it.Warning if you are in a hurry save Oregano's for another time because there pizzas do take a long time but are well worth it.
5	I think my fellow Oreganymphos would agree; this is single handedly one of the greatest places on earth to gorge yourself with some of the most delicious pizza, pastas and desserts AZ has to offer. If you wanna take my word for it, dont even look at the menu and order my usual orgasmic order:Appetizer: CalimariDinner: Big Rig Pasta w/ Chicken Dessert: White Chocolate Chip Macadamian Nut PazookieFYI: Whenever your taste buds feel like going on a culinary roadtrip, make sure you hit up any of the various Oregano's locations located around the state; my personal favs are the Flagstaff and Tucson locations.
4	Pablo Picasso Salad. Enough said.But I'll go on....Oregano's is awesome on so many levels: portion size, price, staff friendliness, menu offerings, locations, decor, etc. etc. etc.I've been to Oregano's more times than I can remember and I seldom have anything to moan about except maybe the wait time...and not being able to decide what I want ;)If you haven't been there, go.  If you're there for lunch, grab a pablo picasso salad and a passion fruit iced tea.  If you're there for dinner make sure you try the bellinis, the pesto bruscetta, the thin crust pizza...and again, the pablo picasso salad!!!!  The music is fun, the decor is great, the staff is ALWAYS uber friendly.  The only gripes (other than what's mentioned above) is they should maybe invest in better silverware and outdoor furniture.  Other than that, keep doing what you do, Oregano's, and I'll keep adding to my waistline.
5	I have yet to eat a bad meal here.  The food is great, the wings... get the Italian Gold. Sweet and so delicious.  Usually when we go, we get a 16" pie with a few toppings.  3-4 people can easily polish one these off.  Lately though we've tried their calzone, and damn is that thing big.  Filled inside with tons of great ingredients, comes out piping hot and a taste that will last for a life time.If you still have room for dessert, I highly recommend their pizza cookie. Once you eat that, there's no going back.  You'll drown yourself in a chocolate paradise.I love this place!The ONLY draw back (but still gave it 5 stars) is that if you dont get their early, get ready to wait for at least 30-40 minutes to be seated.
5	What can you say about a great pizza and salad?
2	If your idea of fun dining is to wait 40 minutes in a crowded, noisy place for an overpriced slice of pizza then you'll like Oregano's. I'd rate it higher if I didn't have to withstand the aural and visual onslaught of Tempe visitors who can't be bothered to look anywhere else for a meal, and that's sad considering how much this town has to offer.  On occasions when coworkers insist on going, I do enjoy their salads.
5	I'm from L.A. and let me tell you something....we need an Oregano's out here. The place was great, the staff was running around with shirts that read "LEGALIZE MARINARA" on the back, we sat on the outside patio, the ambiance was great, a very up beat and happy place to be. This is no place for any Don to have a sit down at "CAPISH".I went there with a close friend and we started off with a beer and some Kick Butt Garlic Bread and let me tell you something the name suits it perfectly, a long piece of Italian bread smothered in garlic and tons of ooey gooey cheese, this was heaven. We ordered the El Picasso Chicago Style stuffed Pizza MAMA MIA, this was the best Pizza I have ever had, it was full of chicken and cheese, and all kinds of great stuff let me tell you, this was not dinner it was a life changing experience, I had no room for desert, as a matter of fact we boxed up 1/2 the pizza and took it to go, and that was only an 8 inch. This place is great, and thankfully for you out here in Phoenix they're scattered all over Phoenix, too bad they're not in L.A.
5	When you first get here the first thing you notice is the great atmosphere. The nights starts out good by being in a nice place then you have the food that is amazing.
5	Oregano's is my favorite place to get Pizza in Tempe/Phoenix.  I grew up on "Chicago Style Thin" in Illinois and this gets it just about perfect.  The service is always good, even though this location is the busiest.  I haven't had anything other than the pizza, but friends who have tried other things say they are good.  Plus, the pizza cookie for dessert on a special occasion is always a treat!  Oregano's has a heavy hand with the spices usually, but I like that so it's great for me.  I did take-out once and it was great.  Will use them again!
5	There is a lot of good pizza in the Phoenix and Scottsdale areas, but Oregano's is absolutely delish, as they'd call it in, like, California, ha ha...
4	OK, we were looking for a place to eat after we left the Phoenix Zoo yesterday.  I used the Yelp app on my droid and found Oregano's.We were seated right away and the staff was very, very friendly.  Their beer selection is okay and the draft comes in three sizes.We started with the Italian Gold wings.  Delicious!  Loved 'em.  Wish we ordered 14 instead of 9!  I ordered the Italian Stuffed sandwich.  Loved it.  Couldn't finish it and brought half home.  My wife got a pizza and ate the whole thing herself.  Just kidding.  But the pizza was great.  A nice, thin crust.  We'll head there again to try the deep dish!
4	The service sets this place apart, always top notch!  Pizza and calzones are really good but it takes a 30-45 minutes because it is made from scratch.  Salads are great and huge and much quicker than the oven items.  The heck of a slice is a great lunch as well it is out in 5-10 minutes leaving lots of time to get back to work.
4	My friend took me here when I visited her at college and it was delicious! We had to wait a while because it was crowded with people. A fun atmosphere and its well decorated. I had a salad and shared a white chocolate pizza cookie and it was to die for. The service was friendly and fast! Definitely will go back if I ever visit again.
5	Oregano's is one of my all time favorite restaurants! I moved out of Arizona over 8 months ago and I am truly having withdrawals from this place. Throughout my four years at ASU, I think I ate Oregano's over 50 times.. Whether it was take-out or dining in, I was always satisfied with the food. They mess up orders sometimes, but they are so friendly and accomodating, they will reimburse you, re-make the food or give you a free pizza cookie. I highly recommend the cheesy garlic bread with marinara sauce and bruschetta for appetizers. For the rest of the menu, I think I've tried most of it.. But if you are a pasta person.. the Big Rig, Zany Ziti, The Lady is a Scampi and Alfredo the Dark are my favorites.. Pretty much the whole menu is delicious! I got the wings once and they were good, but I wouldn't order them if there's a whole bunch of other good stuff to order. Oregano's is really accomodating and will make any substitutions! I always got the Big Rig with the medium sauce they put in their wings and it was delicious.. or for me it was because I love spicy food! The only downfall is that over the years, I noticed the portions got smaller.. but that's just me being greedy about food! Don't forget to order the pizza cookie.. you can get 2 different choices of cookies if you want variety! Overall, I love Oregano's and I can't wait to eat there again!
3	This place is good for pizza or pricey salads. The salads are really tasty though. Just don't order the stuffed pizza they are all cheese and very heavy and gross.
4	While creating my pizza list, I was actually surprise I had not written a review for Oreganos. So here goes my review so I can add on to my list.This is a great place for dining in a big group. My friends and I like to get together for dinner here sometimes. There are pizzas (and many variations of it), wings, salads, sandwiches and pastas on the menu. There's bound to something for everyone here which makes group dining easier. For the pizza, you can choose between thin, stuffed or pan crusts. I always go for the thin crust and my favorite is the chicken pesto one. They have signature pizzas or you can create your own. There are many different toppings to choose from (even carnitas & cotija cheese) and the combinations are endless. I also like that they have my favorite type of wings here- golden wings. Yummy. And they are quite large, too. For dessert, share a pizza cookie. It comes hot out of the oven and topped with some ice cream. Perfect ending to close out a meal.
5	The Italian food was great and freshly cooked. Prices are very reasonable. My favorite spot when I visit Tempe AZ.  Pasta, Pizza and sandwiches are great. And cold beer and margaritas
4	Word to the wise: do not plan on eating here during a lunch rush during your hour lunch. You will not be able to eat your food. These restaurants are always very crowded with limited space. It's a fun place to eat though if you pick the right time. They have some good lunch specials and I enjoy their sandwiches (get them on focaccia!) and pastas. They have slices for lunch which are a great deal, very cheap and you won't have to wait an hour to eat pizza. For some reason I really like their side salad...it's definitely got more oomph than a normal side salad. Items I enjoy: *Guaca Tony: this is a great but filling appetizer, a huge bowl of guacamole with a giant large size pizza crust, yum!* Italian fried potatoes, AKA potato wedges: really yummy seasoned goodness, served with their sandwiches unless you upgrade to their sweet potato fries which pack quite the punch, sweet and very spicy* Mrs. Gibbilini's Spinach Salad: spinach, candied pecans, gorgonzola cheese, red peppers, bacon, mandarin oranges, and a unique asian dressing...very different flavor but I got hooked* dinner salad/side salad: spring mix, tomatoes, red onions, gorgonzola cheese, and the dressing of your choice...a light yummy salad to pair with your Italiano* sandwiches I enjoy are the Turkey Stuffed, Veggie Wedgie, and the Meatball Sandwich...again, you should really try these on their focaccia*the pesto penne bake: bread bowl with pasta in it! Yummy!*alfredo the dark: a spicy creamy alfredo type of pasta*THE PIZZA COOKIE:  1/2 pound cookie fresh baked covered in ice cream! Bring room for this baby!
5	The pizza is amazing (Grandma G's and pesto are my faves)!   However, if you are one of those that must get something other than pizza at the pizza parlor the Pesto Penne Bake is delicious.  If you really want a bang for your buck, the Bollo Pasta is endless from 11 to 3 during the week.Make sure you save room for dessert, a delicious pizza cookie.  Partially baked dough with ice cream, what could be better?Oh yeah, better parking.
3	Just ate here again last night and had the shrimp scampi pasta, which was impressive, but I did have to add salt. Something is just lacking here. Ambience and portions and quality of the food ingredients are all great, but the food just is missing some kind of splash of flavor that would make it different and/or better than I could make myself at home. The shrimp, however, were HUGE and the addition of cilantro in the dish added a nice twist.
4	New in town to catch a few Spring Training games (go Angels!), I did some research ahead of time to find some good places to eat.  Oregano's was getting glowing reviews in several places, so we decided to give them a try.  Great choice!  A funky local place with a good vibe & so much personality!  Their backstory is on the menu & is worth the read.  We were starving & there was a pretty long wait, so we just grabbed 2 seats at the outdoor bar to eat there instead of waiting 45 min. for a table.  Our servers couldn't have been nicer (or cuter, says the husband), and sitting at the bar gave us a chance to visit with them more than if we had been at a table.  Plus, we got to watch old reruns on grainy black & white TV's while we listened to old rat-pack music.  Loved that!The menu was huge, but we settled on the Aunt Margherita Pizza, add pepperoni.  Not very adventurous, I know, but we were starving & didn't want to chance any bad surprises.  A stuffed or pan pizza would have been more fun but, again, STARVING & didn't want to wait.  Did I mention we were starving??  Anyway, our pizza came out on a super thin, crispy crust and oh-so-yummy.  Although it did seem a little bit dry, so we asked for more sauce; but other than that, delicious.  And not too bread-y, like some pizza can be. While we were waiting for our food to come out, they came around with samples of another thin crust pizza, Lawrence's Original, I think it was.  There was much more going on with that than the one we ordered.  Lawrence's is the one we'll order next time.  Either that or not arrive so hungry, so we can stand the wait for a stuffed or pan pizza 'cause they looked AWESOME!  (Also, note to self: carnivores should not take menu suggestions from vegetarian servers.)  Wish we had room for a pizzookie for dessert.  Next time..... (and there WILL be a next time).I think Oregano's would be a better experience with a bigger group -- even just a party of 4 or more.  That way you could try a few different things & work your way thru their extensive menu.  But this was an overall fun experience & well worth the effort!!
5	holy shit i love this place.I have been a regular here for years. Eating at oregano's after a long work/school week is really something to look forward to.The food is great. Its reasonably priced, the portions are huge, and the drinks are tall. don't expect anything CRAZY culinary creations here, its just not part of the restaurant's culture. The food is simple and everything is tasty. I usually go with the Sausage Sandwich, or one of the pasta dishes with whole grain pasta, and one of their giant meat balls. Its always filling, always good.Sure the wait is long, but they always have free pizza, drinks, and deserts while you are waiting. Service is always great. Friendly, prompt, and they don't bother you when you don't need them. All of the servers are always willing to play along with my friends and our inappropriate conversations, challenges, etc.
5	I'm still full after eating here. The food is really good and the service is wonderful. We ordered the bruschetta to start and then ordered a pizza and their alfredo pasta. The bill wasn't ridiculous and we had a ton of leftover food. I agree that the parking lot sucks, but that's Oregano's for you.
5	I think my love for Oregano's is only exceeded by my husband's love for Oregano's. I could eat the Italian sausage sandwich and those dang waffle fries three times a day if I had the metabolism of a vole. As is I usually take half of the monstrous sandwich home to devour for breakfast the next morning. The vino bambino salad is glorious.I haven't tried pizza here, but everything else is great. When family from out of state comes to visit I like to get a party-sized trough of various pastas and the garden salad, and everyone in my family has really enjoyed this. They'll make ziti without the meat as well if you want to please a gathering of vegetarians.
5	This place rocks!  I have been traveling to Tempe for work for the last 4 weeks and this place has killed every meal I have had (4 so far).  First, best chicken wings EVER!!!  Crispy, spicy, and all drummettes.  Lips are still on fire and cannot wait to go back for more.Second, for those on a diet---Beefarito salad is sooooooo good. Filling, wonderful flavor, huge pieces of spinach and low fat dressing.  MMMMMmmmmm.Third, the smell of pizza is overwhelming.  I caved the first time and got a stuffed Chicago pizza that was out of this world.  Now I get the above-mentioned salad and I feel beyond satiated.  I would love it if they did pizza by the slice...hint....hint....Finally, the NICEST waitresses/waiters!!!  Helpful, friendly, cute and attentive.Legalize Marinara!!!!!!
5	As I write this, there are already 109 other reviews, most of which rate this restaurant as highly as possible. Writing this review is much like jumping on the bandwagon, but perhaps you'll read my review and decide to go over for dinner.      When I go, I usually go earlier so that I can park in the restaurant lot. Otherwise, there is street parking available and you can get to within a block or two.      For years I have been coming here for the thin crust pizza. Order a size larger than you think you'll eat - the crust is so very thin that you can eat more of it before feeling full! This is a very fine thin crust - it will not disappoint you.       Over the years I have also sampled many of the pasta dishes. You''ll find them very good, and very generous - but I would recommend the pizza over the pasta.     Service is attentive, friendly, and swift - a lot of nice folks work here.      The pizza/cookie dessert is positively decadent!      Bottom line: excellent food, wonderful service, and worth the parking challenge.
3	So, the food here is tasty, but the service is sub par. They totally forgot our menus when seating us, and it took them almost 10 minutes to bring us a high chair. IMMEDIATELY after the high chair appeared the waitress came and asked us if we were ready to order. There was absolutely nothing wrong with the food, it was amazing. But service means something, and they definitely leave something to be desired.
4	Our family loves oreganos! Their salads are sooo good and the pizza is to die for! My 2 favorite go to's are: Alfredo the Dark pasta with chicken - Creamy and spicy alfredo sauce with big curly noodles, and a nice fire roasted chili on top. Thin crust cheese pizza - Add some freshly grated parm and the red chili oil from the condiment tray on the table... so simple, but damn is it amazing! But the most amazing thing ON THIS PLANET is the pizzookie.. when you get that first bite of warm gooey cookies, and cold creamy ice cream, you will think you died and gone to heaven. And it's free on your birthday!!!The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because it is hit or miss with the services. 1/2 the time the waiter/waitress is amazing and totally on their game. The other 1/2 of the time we would wait 30 minute for our check, 20 minutes for refills, ask repeatedly for condiments or utesils. But being right across the street from ASU i bet the turn around there is crazy. And the parking lot it tiny, there have been a few times we circled and circled for 10 minutes and never found a spot and were forced to eat somewhere else.All in all, amazing food at decent prices :) Highly recommend for families or friendly get togethers.
1	I hated it. We ate there before going to Gammage to see a play and we were seated in a strange addition in the back corner.  I noticed a smell, like rotting food, but it was faint and I ignored it. The food was not great. I think the smell was bothering me and ruining my appetite. The cheesy bread had too much garlic and too much cheese, if that's possible. My husband didn't notice that grease was dripping down his face while eating it. That's too much. Then, a COCKROACH crawled by on the wall right by our table, at eye level. We were horrified. We called the manager over and informed him, and he apologized and told us it had NEVER happened before, which I find hard to believe since roaches don't exactly lead solitary lives, and said he would "do something" to make it up to us. He didn't.  Not that it would have really mattered (I won't be back), but if you are manager and you tell a customer you will do something , well then you do it.
4	the pizzas are the way to go. Whatever pizza you get add sausage. Its got great flavor.
3	Probably the most overrated place in the Phoenix area. There pizza tastes way too much like their canned tomato sauce and there is always a wait to be seated. That being said there food overall is OK. There meat salad and cal-zones are good and the servers are friendly. For all the people out there giving it more than 3 stars: try other pizza places like spinatos, la grande Orange, pizzeria Bianca.
3	The location is nice, just located south of oldtown Scottsdale. The food is decent, overpriced for what you are getting. The pizza is paper thin, I'd like to be full after I eat a pizza but this one leaves you hungry. Servers are friendly and generally are attentive but this place is way too overrated because of the food quality. It is good but not great and not deserving of 4 stars. Also, because of the font they use the menus are almost impossible to read in the dark.
5	Not that Oregano's really NEEDS yet another glowing review, but here it is:  Yum.  :)
5	The food is soooo yummy! I recomend the zany zeti. They give the kids dough to play with. What a great idea!
4	The cozy atmosphere accompanied by a crooning Sinatra soundtrack is enough to make me an immediate fan.  However, after having a thin crust pizza with alfredo sauce, mushrooms, and fajita chicken, I was completely in love with the place.  Don't forget to try the cheesy garlic bread as well.Tip: They don't take reservations so there's almost always a wait.  If you don't mind being outside, request a table on the patio for quicker service.
3	The only reason I go back to Oregano's is their pizza cookie. However, now several other chains offer pizza cookies that are the same, if not better. The pesto pasta is very good and I like that the Chicken Caesar Salad comes with shredded chicken. However, I have yet to find an entree or pizza that I am really in love with.
5	It's always very busy so this isn't your best choice if you're in a hurry.  I've only eaten here at lunch so I don't know what dinner service is like.The "Heck of Slice" is usually what I order. It's fast and a great value.  The pizza is nice Chicago-style with a crisp crust and tangy sauce.The Pizza Cookie is a tasty desert but since it's usually shared (it's made from a 1/2 pound of cookie dough) it gets messy looking fast.Parking at this location can be a real pain, and I'd recommend going right when they open at 11am if you want to minimize all the hassles that come with a very popular place.
4	Okay Okay Okay People!  Calm down and relax, your going to get your Pizza Cookie in a timely manner, so stop crowding.That's probably the least favorite part about Oregano's is how busy it tends to get during the lunch and dinner hours.  My word of advice is get their just a little earlier to beat the rush.To the actual review: Oregano's has always been a favorite of mine, ever since I lived on ASU's campus.  I probably ate there two to three times a week.  Man I loved it!  Now that I've graduated I've had time to try other things, and my affection for the place has definitely started to diminish as their are finer things in life than Oregano's.Now that they are adding more locations it seems to be a lot more convenient (especially the Ocotillo location), but the trade off is the food has been watered down a bit.  Trust me, I know.  It still is a great place to hang out with friends, and if your looking to share your food with someone, cause the portions are HUGE!  It just seems like Oregano's is the trendy place to hangout cause everyone is doing it, but trust me....there are finer things in life than Oregano's!Last, I know that everyone always raves about how great their pizza is, but honestly I've definitely had better pizza in the valley ie: Cibo, Pizzeria Biancho, or La Grande Orange (Check out my reviews).  Here are my favorites items on the menu:-Meatball Sandwich-Big Kahuna Tuna Sandwich (no longer available....RIP)-Zany Ziti Pasta-Italian Gold Wings-Pablo Picasso Salad-Guaca-Tony-Pesto Bruschetta-Pizza Cookie
4	Where do I start? Pizza cookie? wings? stuffed sandwiches? pizza? I love Oregano's and it loves me. You should go. It will love you too. (But be prepared to wait on a Fri or Sat night! Very busy).
4	I have eaten here a lot of times over the years and the food is always good. If you like italian, there are lots of choices. If you like Mexican, they have guacamole. I don't really get the connection there but I will choose the cheesy garlic bread every time :)
4	Love the food and the service is always exceptional.  A night on the patio is a night to remember.
5	This place had some of the best pizza I've ever had. Hands down
5	Oregano's is a great place, definitely my top choice for pizza! They have toppings and combinations you've never even thought of plus. I'm not a fan of their deep dish pizza but their thing crust is to die for! Everything else I've had their I have loved. Cool atmosphere and great service, but do prepare to wait!
5	Scary good.  Seriously.  The pizza was FANTASTIC! Really. Try the Pizza, please!  As far as I can tell they have just one desert. Know what? That's A-OK because the Pizza Cookie crushes all others.  One desert to rule them all, really.  Try it.  It was amazing.Portions were large and the service was great.  People like working here.This is on my must-go-to-when-in-Phoenix list.
4	Great fusion food. I love the funky pizza's and the pastas are fantastic. I know the portion sizes are redick, but thats the fun of this place. Good consistent food. Always a joy to go eat at. Nice to support local too.
2	Oregano's is nothing special. It sounds really harsh, but restaurants like Oregano's are a dime a dozen. Think an Italian-style Chili's, take out the Italian, substitute Chicago-style crust and small novel inventions in obese-size portions and you'll arrive at Oregano's. I've been twice and both times I was unimpressed. The food was mostly  a sad melding of American-Italian food, introducing the worst parts of both. The sandwich I had was drowned in tomato sauce and even the salads were gigantor. The decor reminds me of an Applebee's -- and most certainly not in a good way. I'm honestly at a loss for what to say next. Unless I have my arm twisted, I'm not going to be returning here.
5	After tasting the pizza here, the first word that came out of my mouth was "OMG" this is so delicious!! Not salty, fresh materials, great service.Plzzzzz don't even try to compare this place with Pizzahut, Domino..things..(well. they are good though,, I mean they are different. )
5	My belly smiles when thinking of Oregano's I used to go here all the time when I lived in Tempe but then I moved away and ever since then, I've been craving it, go figure. So when I was out on Easter morning in Charlotte and saw a chick wearing an Oregano's shirt, I knew I had to have it on my next trip to AZ. Game on! I love this location mostly in part due to the proximity of campus and their outdoor patio. We stopped in for lunch last week and they promptly seated us and right in front of a fan to cool us off. I was praying that I put on my deodorant and smelled ok because I didn't want my so-called-stink to be flying all over the patio area. Service was fantastic-most of the server seem to be students and are so enthusiastic, you would kind of want to slap them if they weren't so nice. I never knew they had lunch specials such as pizza slices, pasta and salad so I went with a slice of pizza but before that there was thing I had to have, Boom Dip. It's a spinach and artichoke dip so delicious and cheesy they if I try really hard, I can taste it. They changed up the bread they serve with it and it used to have a kick of spice to it but this time it didnt. No worries because I was going to wipe that bad boy out. If only I could get it overnight delivered, sigh.
5	Oregano's is an institution in the Phoenix area and for good reason. It has a solid offering of well-crafted Italian dishes, from bruschetta to ziti.Yet, when I visit Oregano's, it is inevitably for a helping of their thin crust pizza. It starts with a light, crispy crust that's cooked to perfection. The sauce has an excellent taste. I like to add a side order so I can top off my slices with a little extra. The cheese and toppings are fresh and flavorful. I recommend the pepperoncini's for spice, along with a savory topping to balance out the meal. The wheat crust option is also nice for a subtle change.A recent sweet discovery, which was thankfully recommended by a server, is the pizza cookie. This massive 6-inch diameter cookie is served in the deep dish pizza pan in which it is baked. It comes in chocolate chip and white-chocolate macadamia flavors (or best yet, half and half). This dessert is a must-have, regardless of what you order, so be sure to save room and share it with your guests. The pizza cookie makes me not want to eat dessert anywhere else.This location is close to the university and packed on a regular basis, which can lead to long wait times towards the later evening hours. I have heard others recommend alternative nearby locations, which are supposedly less crowded.Lastly, I'll relate a story from one of my first visits to Oregano's. In brief, we ordered a pizza and started to wonder what was going on after about 90 minutes of waiting. Shortly after and without any word from us, the owner/manager arrived with our pizza, apologized for the delay, and removed the full cost from our bill. This event demonstrated Oregano's willingness to take accountability for its service, which is all too rare. Oregano's is a place that you must visit at least once. I suspect that anyone who visits once will return many more times.
5	This was my third visit to the Tempe location.  It's a short drive to Sky Harbor Airport, so I normally stop in after my flight arrives.  We had a group of 10 people on a Friday night.  We arrived at 6pm to avoid a long wait.  After 20 minutes, we were seated on the outdoor patio.They have a few TVs and a bar area that keep you occupied while you wait.  The baseball playoffs were on, and the local team (Arizona Diamondbacks) were playing Milwaukee in a decisive game five to advance to the next round of the playoffs ... unfortunately, all the TVs were playing black and white reruns of "The Honeymooners" show from the 1950s.  Several other diners were wondering why the game wasn't on, but the staff didn't get the hint.  The Diamondbacks lost in extra innings.  Go Giants!We started with the bruschetta and garlic bread.  They were both good, but the bruschetta was the better choice.  We had four kids in our group.  They wanted more bruschetta, but we still had pizza coming.They have a good selection of beers (bottle and draft).  We went with draft since they were still at happy hour prices.Next, we had a large serving of the Oregano's favorite salad.  It was enough for 6 adults.  The salad was crisp, and the honey vinaigrette dressing was sweet.The pizza was outstanding!  The kids went with a 16" thin crust.  Half cheese, and half hawaiian.  It was the perfect amount for four.  After the pizza was brought out, they sprinkled fresh cheese on top.  My son is a picky eater, but he loved the thin crust.We also ordered a 12" Aunt Shirley's Gorgonzola Sausage (with pepperoncinis).  I normally prefer pepperoni or sausage, but the combination of the gorgonzola cheese and pepperoncinis was excellent.  The 12" was just right for four adults.Two of my friends didn't feel like pizza, so they went with pasta.  They ordered the El Diablo Shrimp pasta, and the garlic chicken lasagna.  The servings are huge ... probably double the size of a normal serving.  I would have asked them how the pasta was, but since they both finished their plates, I'm guessing it was good.  Again, these are HUGE servings.This was my first time eating here with kids, so we had to try the pizza cookie for dessert.  Incredible.  Why didn't I order this before :)The food was great, but the customer service was even better.  Our server (Melanie) was outstanding.  We never had to ask for anything because she was always one step ahead of us.The bill including two rounds of drinks and tip was $200.  Great dinner at Oregano's.  We'll be  back!
5	Their Alfredo the Dark is probably the best pasta dish in Phx. And then there's the Pazookie...
4	I've been to several Oreganos over the last few years.  Since I live close to this one, it's become my go-to pizza place.  Every time I've gone, service has been excellent.  I usually get take out since waits on busy nights can be over an hour.  Parking can also be a pain.  The thin crust specialty pizzas they have are a tad salty but delicious.  The pan pizza also is quite good, although I wished they have the specialty pizzas offered for both thin and pan style crust.  Oreganos has also been the only place I've found in Phoenix that serves THE Chicago deep dish pizza-the one that's several inches thick from the cheese and other yummy fillings.  Not even the Unos on Mill had that.  It takes a bit longer, but totally worth it!  Portions are generous.  Good food & value.
4	I really dig this place.  I would give it five stars but the food is very good but never hits excellent.  Also my last trip there which was a few days ago, I had the pleasure of starring at some dudes ass crack who was sitting in front of me at the bar.  Not Oregano's fault.  But still there was some middle aged wanna be hipster with 1980's grunge greasy long hair. Anyway on to the food. Lately I have been ordering the Pablo Picasso Hispanic Orientated salad.  I have been dieting, a little on the "fat" side lately. Sometimes I get two bear claws wedged right in this spot.  After some research I found without the dressing and corn chips it is not to bad on the calorie intake.  Also the flavor really is excellent, the chicken is super well done.  It is fajita style but maybe better. Also note to one bartender stop charging me for soda water with a small amount of lemonade and I will tip much better.  Oregano's I will see you soon.
4	Very very good pizza!  The food here is really unbeatable and the layout of the restaurant is cozy and friendly.  There is almost always a wait around dinner time, so be prepared for that.Don't forget the fresh baked cookie for dessert. :D
4	Went here for a friend's birthdayHad a pretty good experienceOur server Melanie was great and made the long wait for our food bearable.The portions here are huge and enough cheese to make any american happy :)To top it off my friend got a free pizookie Great outside dining too
5	Love the chicken chipotle pizza along with the stuffed pizzas.  There are at least three or four appetizers that are top notch as well.  This place is always crazy crowded, but the food is excellent.
5	Stopped by for dinner after going to the Phoenix Zoo.  This was a great find!We had two large thin crust pizzas and orders of bbq and hot wings.  The pizza crust was the thinnest I've ever had and it was wonderfully crispy.  The toppings were great and fresh parmesan tossed over the pizza after it was served to the table made it perfect.The hot wings were some of the best I've ever tasted.Outdoor seating in the courtyard was neat with overhead heaters, but we had a party of 10.  Long wait for outdoor seating made us decide on an inside seating.  It was still great, although I think the outdoor seating would have been even better.They don't take call in reservations, by the way.Great service, great food.  We'll go back again for sure.
5	I really like it and I am a pizza snob.  The main thing is the crust on the thin crust pizza was awesome.  Had a great outdoor seating area and the staff was friendly.  The fact that they were all hot chicks from ASU helped.
4	Love this place!!!
5	Love, Love, Love...always come back every time I'm here for Homecoming!
4	I went here with a large group (6 adults and 6 kids).  We ordered the wings, the Big Beefstro salad, the Pizza cookie and 4 pies.  Three pies were thin crust and the fourth pie was Chicago styled pizza.The wings were the typical, but still good, wings you get in any decent pizza or bar.  The Big Beefstro salad was fantastic.  If you like a kick in your salad with hearty amounts of ribeye, I would highly recommend this.  It's the perfect mix of beef, sweet and spicy.The thin crust pizzas were terrific - crunchy and very flavorful.  However, the Chicago style pizza was undercooked; thus it was doughy.  And we lived in Chicago and know what decent Chicago style should be.The kids loved the Pizza cookie and devoured that in no time.I thought this was a great place to get good pie and hang out with a big group.  I would highly recommend this place.
4	Meatball sub was awesome!
3	I've gone here twice. The person I normally go with to eat never wanted to return, but I enjoyed the food enough to return. First time I had the bread sticks and Pizza, very VERY delicious! Second time I tried a sandwich, much to my pleasure. No regrets so far, very wonderful, I would recommend this place again and again. However! Word to the wise, long wait!! I don't mean 10 or 15 minutes, sometimes it can be 45 minutes to get a table, not even kidding. However, it's very worth the wait and even with that information, I still recommend this place.
5	This place is great. Wait can be long but if you time it right it is reasonable. Tonight we had no wait. Food is excellent
5	I am back in Phoenix for a little business with a craving for one of my favorite desert island foods, pepperoni pizza. I am very, very particular about my pepperoni pizzas. The crust must be thin and crispy. The sauce not too thick or too thin and the pepperoni flavorful. I like my pepperoni pizzas cooked well done. A little black on the crust is totally acceptable and preferred. My pepperoni pizza from Oregenos in Tempe was perfection! My side of wings was damn good as well.
5	Oregano's service and food is top notch. The only negative is no (Wheat and Gluten free) menu. The Oregano favorite salad is my favorite since I am Wheat free. And to make it even more special one can choose lettuce or spinach or half lettuce and half spinach. A half order is adequate for lunch or dinner. A full order is more than most people eat. And if you aren't WHEAT free; (notice I cheated once of a few bites) the killer skillet baked hot from the oven Chocolate chip or Macademia nut cookie with icecream are a must. Or you can have half Chocolate chip and half Macademia nut. They aim to please.   I have eaten at all the Valley of the Sun locations and Flagstaff. They are all equally excellent in service and food. I was delighted when Oregano's opened a location at Elliot and I10 near where I live. I bring all my out of town guests to Oregano's.
1	I am so sad. I visit here ALL the time, as most college students do. We were celebrating my boyfriend's internship so we decided to order Boom Dip, a Deep Dish Pizza, and a pizookie. The appetizer came out fine, the bread it comes with reminded me of my old work back in california which made me nostalgic. Then came the pizza. He ordered half meatballs and mushrooms, I ordered half Cajun chicken and pineapple. When it came out they had made my side a hawaiian (ham and pineapple). I politely informed the waitress then went to the bathroom quickly. The toilet outside was broken so I had to lift up the back and manually flush the toilet (something I never thought I would have to do at a place of business) and by the time I came back they had already talked to my boyfriend about making another pizza, only thin crust (because the deep dish takes 45 min). Then dessert came out delicious as always. They didn't comp our pizza like my boyfriend was lead to believe by the manager (which was fine). Nevertheless, I gave the woman a good tip and left. I ate the thin crust today (they just immediately boxed it for us I wasn't hungry at that point last night) and there was a HAIR in my pizza. They messed up not one but TWO pizzas for me and I had to flush their toilet. As much as I love this place I am not coming back for a very long time.
4	I just love the local eateries and tend to stay away from the chain places. I came for a graduation and this place was recommended by the graduate. His day his place to eat. I enjoyed the outdoor seating area as its was heated. The pizza was great, as well as the appetizers. Jim our waiter was most accommodating. I'll be back the next time I get to town.
4	we order a deep dish pizza with meat!  it was great and we couldn't finish it.  we also ordered a side of wings and they were good.  i'm not sure what was going on but the night we went we had to wait about an hour to be seated.  this place was hopping and was real busy.we will definitely be going back!
5	I LOVE Oregano's!!! We usually get the thin crust pepperoni pizza and some medium wings. Now I love spicy wings but The hot ones are wayyyyyyy too hot! Like hurt your stomach hot lol but the medium wings are so good!  Also, my favorite is the Pablo Picasso salad! Omg it is to die for! I love the light chipotle dressing! And the junior salad is huge for one person...I always share it with my mom when we go! Also, you have to try their cheezy garlic bread...pair it with marinara and you're in heaven! :]
4	Great pizza, better pizza cookie.
5	I absolutely LOVE Oregano's! My boyfriend and I went on our first eating date here and still go back every time we can! Love the food, the atmosphere and most of the time the help is phenomenal! I highly suggest you at least try it and see, I can almost 100% guarantee you'll LOVE it!!!
4	I would never in a million years have thought about putting Italian seasoning in guacamole. Nor would I have imagined cooking a cracker-thin pizza crust to use for dipping in said guacamole. But oh my Lord was that combination delicious! And the fact that we had more chunky guacamole than "chips" to dip with was quite the pleasant surprise. Where for $8 can you get an overflowing bowl of fresh, delicious guac other than here?I also have to mention how adorable the place is. All the throwback decorations made the vibe really fun.I cannot give this place full stars simply because of how uncomfortable the booths were. The seats really need to be replaced because everything is so warped that one person could be sitting a full six inches taller than another on the same bench. Same goes for the single person bathroom. I can't imagine coming here on a busy day with only one bathroom.
4	The place is made up of two small quaint houses with an open air patio in between. We sat in the booth in one of the houses. Seats need replacing. I sank down several inches on one end of the booth, but the other end was fine. Onto the food. We ordered a thin crust Numero One-o and an order of calamari. Nothing special to say about the appetizer. The pizza came sliced into squares, but what I noticed first was how thin the crust was! Even better, when I took my first slice, was that the crust was not soggy. The Numero One-o was their traditional combo of toppings. I really loved this pizza and would come back.
3	Great service. Knowledgable. Just remember though. It's pizza. Just pizza. If there's more than an hour wait, don't wait. Just go somewhere else. They'll be around next time.
4	If you have never dined here it is a must at least once. The pizzas are excellent and the salads are very good. But you must top off with a pazooki .
5	Stop here every time I'm in town!
5	My only wish would be that there was one of these in Huntington Beach, Ca. We were tired, hot and hungry after the Cubs/Angels spring training game, and searched on yelp for the best Pizza place nearby, we drove by a few, and being a little picky..we thank goodness waited til we saw Oregano's. I am so glad we did. The service was awesome, Meagan from Colorado, a senior at ASU was our waitress, and was so great!2 managers walked by at different times asking how we were doing, as i said great service.The food was excellent! the thin crust Pizza was the best i have had.Just wish there was one closer so we could try more of the menu.
4	My niece insisted we eat here after her ASU graduation ceremony. O.M.G! So glad we did! Parking is a bit scarce. While we waited for seating the hostess offered us all beverages in their scenic private drive which has ample benches to sit. We were seated inside where the ambiance was quaint. They had black and white t.v's playing The Lone Ranger and Frank Sinatra playing in the background. Now the food...incredible. If you leave hungry its your own fault. Portion sizes are huge and everything is made fresh. The bruchetta was delicious and the ziti....perfect. Thinking there was no way I could shove another bite into my mouth, they bring out the pizooki. It was all over. The combination of the gooey chocolate chip cookie and the creamy vanilla ice cream did me in. It was glorious! I left in a near food coma and could not be happier. My only regret is that there aren't any near me in California.
3	Nice waitress, but pasta alfredo was dry, had to ask for more sauce. Sauce wasn't warm when she brought it, so had to wait some more. Next day heated up was not good. Very oily. Stick to the pizza.
4	Common eat spot for my work peeps. People literally fly in for the Big Rigg! I somehow always order and pay for a cookie, but never see it, though. Suppose it's just some sort of karmic "fat tax"
2	The thin-crust was super-thin, possibly the thinnest in Tempe. It also tasted like cardboard, the finest cardboard in Tempe. Definitely more "bistro" than "pizza bistro" I will not return.
4	This Oregano's location is always busy, so be prepared for a wait of 30-60 minutes.I've been here 7 or 8 times for dinner over the past year. The food is always delicious, and the portions are enormous. If you're looking for good pasta/pizza at a reasonable price, this is the place to go. The Bollo Pasta and Alfredo the Dark are two of my favorites. If you want pizza, go with the Deep Dish -- very rich and flavorful.I'll be visiting this location many more times during the upcoming year.
3	I love the fact that this location stays open later than the Mesa location (probably due to its proximity to ASU).  But it just couldn't top my experience at the location in Mesa.  If you order the Deep Dish Crust Pizza, be careful!  We had no idea it would have SO much cheese.  We thought the cheese would just be in the crust but it was ALL ALONG the bottom of the whole crust.  My body wasn't feeling that and fearing that we would "pay for it in the morning", we asked for a flat crust pizza as a replacement.  The manager was really great about accommodating us (thank you!) but unfortunately in all the confusion, the waiter forgot to put in our order for the Pizza Cookie which we ordered as soon as we sat down *sad face*.  We wound up going back to the original location in Mesa the next week and yummed that up!
5	Yummy food! Great casual atmosphere! Awesome service!
5	Between one to two people - all you need to order:1. Toasted Ravioli Espaniol 2.  Vino Bambino Salad I won't hold it against you if you finish it on your own. It's just THAT good.
5	Man, Yelpzilla works hard. And this makes him hungry hungry, like the hippo. I mean do you have any idea how many calories destroying japan's infrastructure burns? Answer:a ton. My answer to this a pizza from this sweet spot! great food. fair prices. good service.  The wait staff is on top of it!
4	If I were ever to be grossly obese and it were due to the fact that I stuffed myself with Oregano's on a daily basis, I think I'd be willing to set my vanity aside and be quite content with that fact. Needless to say, this is not a place to go while you are on a diet. This is the place to go when you want a good ol' fashioned carb overload Italian style. I consume more carbs in one meal here than I do in a month of eating at home. And I love every gluten filled bite of it. Notable items: Cheesy bread - two foot long loaf of soft wonderful white bread slathered in garlic butter with oodles of melty cheddar cheese blend. GAWD. This is my favorite thing on the menu. I don't even try to pretend I'm not a gluttonous pig when it comes to this stuff and I always help myself to the last piece. Wings- BIG FAT drumsticks. All of them. Honey hot is delish along with the buffalo. Caesar salad - holy crap their salads are huge. They have three sizes. The full (or whatever they call it) is big enough for four or five people to eat from if it isn't the main dish. Bollo Pasta - with meatballs - Angel hair pasta and marinara with two huge meatballs, oh and the pasta is never ending. I have yet to see anyone get more than halfway through the first round though. *note angel hair being so thin sometimes the pasta has come out mushy(overcooked), all I've had to do was mention it and the problem was remedied in a very timely manner usually followed up by a manager visit, they don't mess around with customer service. Pizookie - Obvi. No, it isn't the best Italian I've EVER had but it is solid and consistent and really hits the spot when you want your fix. And the pricing is awesome. Lisa E, Nydia A and I binged at the one on Shea a couple of months ago, had the cheesy bread, wings and pizookie and our bill was $20. We sat there staring at the bill and each other dumbfounded for a couple of minutes. If you don't like this place, all I have to say is "Wanna PIZZA me?!" ;)
3	Decent for lunch, i usually do not have a lot of time, and it feels like anything other than a salad takes forever. I
3	I ordered a thin crust pizza for carry out from this location.  The staff was very friendly and the pizza was pretty good.  I look forward to trying their pasta in the near future.
5	We went here after picking the mother in law up from the airport and we were all so happy with the choice!30 minute wait so we sat at the bar for beers and garlic bread for my 5 year old. The place was so alive time flew and we were seated. The server was great and fast with drinks and orders. She also brought my daughter pizza dough to play with which kept her occupied the whole time!Food was amazing!Apps: wings and toasted ravioliDinner: deep dish pie with pepperoni sausage onions peppers! So wonderful only had room for a slice each but so glad to have the rest of it tonight!Lasagna was also great and plenty left over alsoI wish we would've been able to try the cookie but we were all going to roll out of there as it was....next time! Final bill was only $59!
2	First off let me start by saying that I am an Arizona Native so Oregano's is the place to go. The food is amazing, it is a great place to eat right by ASU, and normally I have never had a problem. I take everyone here who comes to visit out of town, and every year I celebrate my birthday here. It has been a tradition for almost 10 years. Last week I celebrated another one my birthday with 14 of my friends. I know they don't take reservations so I called the day of at 10am and let them know to expect us at 7pm and reiterated how I celebrate my birthday here every year and how impressed I am with their service. The guy on the other end thanked me for my kind words and told me to here there at 6:30 so they could seat us, he even said that if not all 14 people were there it would not be a problem (just like all the years before), as long as the majority of my party was there. At 6:30 I arrived as usual and the nightmare began. It took 2 hours for us to get seated, you would think is was a weekend and not a Tuesday night. They refused to seat me because we had 12 not 14 people even after I explained to the hostess what the guy told me this morning she was rude and just told me it would be another 50 min. After an hour and a half I told my party to forget it and walk across the street and eat elsewhere. They must have overheard because as we began to leave the hostess came out with appetizers. So we sat back down. I then went up to the hostess to thank her for the appetizers when another male worker who was standing there with her retorted "ya well I was tired of you complaining". Umm excuse me 1) what poor customer service 2) you had hours in advance it's not like I showed up out if the blue and wanted to be seated and 3) we had 14 people can you say TIPS? what is the dealAfter his comment I just walked away it was ridiculous and if that was the only rude thing he said I would not be writing this. As we were being seated the other 2 people showed up. I walked up to the the hostess stand to direct my friends over to the table and told the hostess that now we were at 14 and of course that stupid punk kid had to pop off the mouth with another comment saying "ya until the next 30 people come". Oh I was livid. Who says stuff like that? The rest of the night went smoothly and as we left I again thank the hostess but never received an apology for the rude boy. I will never come back to this location again. I will spend the extra 10 min and drive to the location on Dobson than come back again. Who treats someone like that on their birthday?
5	I have to say that I do really like Oregano's. It has been around for quite some time now and every time I go it is a good time.This location right on University is no different. Nice place, smells very good when you walk in , friendly staff.The food is really great! I have never had a bad meal here. Pizza is too good!  Wings and toasted Raviolli  are just what the Dr. Ordered!I do not have little ones, but I love that they give kids sough to play with while waiting for the food along with crayons and things to color. I have to say they think of everything . Nice job!Bathrooms are clean, but parking is sometimes hard during busy times.
5	I'm an ASU student and I go here every time my parents are in town.  NEVER HAD ONE BAD THING!The pasta is amazing, the meatball sandwich is awesome, never had a bad appetizer.  The half baked cookie is out of this world.  But the deep dish, OH MY GOD!  The best pizza I have ever had, hands down!  Cuts like piece of pie.  If you're a meat lover, get the deep dish with pepperoni, sausage and meatballs.  it's what my dad and I get and it is just amazing!All of this added on to a funky place, friendly staff and amazing atmosphere and you have a huge winner!Highly recommend!
5	Oregano's is probably my favorite restaurant in Arizona so far! I love that they serve Chicago style pizza!The restaurant is very unique and it makes for a very neat place to dine at even though it can be hard to get a table at times and parking is always somewhat of a challenge. The pizza is excellent and when I go with my fiance we also always get their pizza cookie for dessert, which is so good! The service here has also been top notch when we have visited, so I am very pleased about that!
5	mini chicken pesto pizza for lunch is to die for! may look small but will be enough for two people! the cookie is amazing to!
5	Always great food! Always friendly staff!
4	Nice menu selections besides pizza.  I am thoroughly a fan of their beef sandwich.  Not quite a true Chicago Italian beef but very good.  The beef itself is super tender and tasty. The sweet potato fries are some of the best I've had.Warning:  portions here are GIANORMOUS.  I ordered the jr. size beef and it was still too much food.Awesome outdoor eating area!
5	Our favorite pizza place in town! Thin crust with pepperoni is the easy way to go.Don't leave without having the pazookie!
4	This was my first visit here. We decided to try it because I've heard good things about their pizza, which definitely did not disappoint. Great outdoor atmosphere. We ordered a large pizza and had to wait what seemed like an hour or more for our pizza. In the meantime, people arrived, were served and left. The manager finally came out and explained to us that there had been a mishap in the kitchen and they were working on our pizza now. I'm still not sure what happened but they offered to bring us a free appetizer and to comp our pizza. We politely said no thanks to the extra food, but a manager still brought us a sausage sandwich that they had an "extra" of. Though its not something we would have ordered on our own, we still appreciated the gesture.I just wanted to say that though we ended up spending an extra hour at lunch waiting for our food, the service was great. We appreciated that they took full responsibility for the problem. The pizza was great and well worth the wait.  I recommend!
5	Wow!This is an amazing place. I don't normally speak highly about chain restaurants but this is the exception to the rule. We had the kick butt Garlic bread, Lawrence's Original medium thin crust pizza, and an Oreganos Favorite salad.The salad and the garlic bread was amazing but by far my favorite item was the pizza. Friends be warned, one can scarf a whole pizza: no problem! It's that good and that easy to eat.Will definitely be back to go through the rest of the menu!
4	One of my "go to" spots for pizza.  Had a wonderful afternoon with good food and drink with a wonderful friend.  It was quiet because it was Sunday so we had a great opportunity to catch up.  The small ceasar salad was fresh and large enough to share.  The BBQ Chicken pizza was amazing as always.
4	Great atmosphere, friendly staff. Italian Guacamole - must try this appetizer!!
5	Place lived up to the expectations.  Being a pizza and wing connoisseur, I was pleased on both ends.  The wings are a nice size too, no scrawniness here!   My buddy recommended the stuffed pizza and it was pretty awesome.  Although, I may have enjoyed the recommendation of the waitress more.  I think she recommended the deep dish.  Or was it the other one?  Damn lack of memory recall!  Ah...well, I guess that gives me another reason to go back.  The patio is pretty cool, too.  Had it not been so cold, I would have ventured out side.  Last but certainly not least, the waitress, Marie, was totally awesome.  She bumped it from 4 stars to 5!
4	Used this place to supply our meal for the championship games on sunday. Been to Oregeno's before, but this is the first time I veered off the red sauce binge that can be obtained here. We tried the Giant stuffed Baked Turkey Sub for 9 bucks. It had alot of stuff on it from decent roasted turkey to cheese to olives, lettuce, oil and vinegar and was heated quizno style. It was much better with extra heating in the oven back at home. Served with waffle fries that also were helped by a trip to the oven. We didn't eat stuff right away. The best part was the blue cheese dressing that came with the $3.50 side salad. This side cup had the largest chunk of blue cheese ever spotted in a dressing. It took up the whole cup which was awesome. Salad was top notch too, fresh croutons and ingredients. Tempe staff is always nice too and calling ahead is the key to success on take-out here
3	Good place to stop and eat if you think you've tried every pizza place in town. If you are a real pizza fan get out of oreganos. Go to Grimaldis in Scottsdale or even better Pizzeria Bianco
4	We usually go to a different Oregano's (somewhere in the middle of Phoenix  on Camelback or or something?) and this is is similar - good food good service!!  The only complaint is parking.  Do all Oregano's parking suck or what?  Small lot, crammed spaces.  I guess that is the beauty of it all.  Let's jam everybody together like one big happy family!If you like Oregnao's this place won't disappoint.  If it's your first time they make great meatball sandwiches, salads, deep dish pizza (and others) and of course pasta!!  Come with an appetite!
5	This Italian joint is better than any other I have tasted. The prices weren't too ridiculous either. The lasagna was fantastic and the bread sticks are to dies for. I'm sad there isn't one in the L.A area. I'm so glad my brother introduced me to this place!!!
2	Disappointing. I waited over 45 min for a $25 pizza that tasted like a frozen deep dish pizza you get from the grocery store.
4	One of my favorite spots to hit up when I lived in Tempe!
2	My review is based on just a couple of Chicago style stuffed Pizzas.There's a 45-minute wait time & the pizzas you get feel like stuffed with cheese, cheese & more cheese. We could hardly have one slice each.Some of the other dishes like thin crust pizza, pasta are good though.
5	My absolute favorite place to go anytime for any celebration or just a casual meal. I have not heard a negative thing about any item on the menu. I love their Alfredo the Dark pasta, Beef Bistro Salad and half macadamia nut and half chocolate chip pizookie. Service is always fantastic. Prices reasonableOnly annoying issue: unusually small parking lot.
5	Do you have to wait a long time for your food? Yes  Is it the best damn food you will ever eat?  Probability
5	Love this place! Flavorful & fresh food at a great price. The outdoor patio is really nice as well. I love the salads - they are giant, full of yummy mix ins, and clock in under $10. My favorite is the greek-style one, which they amp up with juicy sweet raisins which I initially thought sound really gross but in fact does work really well with the spicy feta and nutty roasted pine nuts. The lunch special of $3 for two really big slices of thin crust pizza is great too. The crust is really thin and perfect for folding, but thick enough to hold up a lot of cheese and a really good flavorful pizza sauce. My only complain about Oregano's (all of them) is that the music is always way too loud. Like it's uncomfortable if you get the wrong seat under a speaker.
5	Fantastic! No need to say more. Just go.
5	Fantastic deep dish pizza! Got the Uncle Ray's sausage and shrooms and shared it between four of us, 2 slices a piece, and was the perfect amount. Fairly cheap beer prices too. Got a tall 23oz wheat beer glass of Fat Tire for only $6It did take about 40-45 mins to make the pizza but the service was excellent.My family and I even went 2 nights in a row.
1	I have gone here because it's is close to my house. Truth be told, the parking is atrocious, seating is limited, service is slow, pasta is awful. If you order spaghetti, you get a ton of noodles with a little bit of marinara that is way overwhelmed by the taste of oregano. If you order lasagna, expect it to be dry and tough. Even with a knife I had a challenge eating it. I go an extra half mile to the drug store and get a frozen Stouffer's for 1/4 the price and way more delicious. You know how left over pasta in the fridge gets? The pasta soaks up all the moisture and it gets dry and tough? Well, that's what they serve here. I don't order pizza because I can't stand their over oreganoed marinara sauce, so there seems no sense in trying it.
5	This place is great as long as you know what you are in for. Disclaimer - I went during spring break so that might explain the wait. The wait for a table seemed like it would be a while - over an hour I would guess. I did not have to wait as some friends had gotten there before me but there was quite a line queue. The parking lot is not big enough to accommodate all of the people who want to park there. I parked a few blocks east at a strip mall. Ordered the stuffed numero-oneo. It was a 12 inch pie that easily fed 3 with leftovers and I can put down some pizza. It was the best pizza I have had in years. Highly recommended.   The wait for this pizza was over and hour. I would see if you can call ahead or order in line. We also has the bruschetta appetizer that was pretty good.
3	The place is really cute, prices were good and the service was great.  I liked the cheese bread and sausage.  Portions were huge, but the rest of the food was mediocre.  Pasta was gummy and the cream sauce was watery.  The deep dish pizza crust was good, but the cheese and sauce was really salty.  Drinks were a little light on the alcohol.  Don't think I'd go out of my way to return.
5	When the hotel manager recommended this pizza place I set my expectations low, preparing for desert quality cardboard flavored pizza. I was blown away to find legitimate Chicago style pizza! As in, all 3 kinds of Chicago pizza: thin crust pie with toppings under the cheese and sliced in squares, thick crust with piles of tomato, and even double crust (got 45 minutes to wait while it cooks?). Delicious! And a pretty decent selection of beers on tap. Just be prepared for a long wait, as the restaurant is ridiculously popular. Though it's not hard to see why!
5	What a great find! Used yelp to locate a good pasta pizza place and found oreganos! We shared two pasta dishes recommended by server Kelly, both were fantastic and more than generous portions. The salad was also fantastic, so ook for server Kelly and enjoy your evening meal! Don't forget the pazookie for dessert !
5	My favorite pasta is Zany Ziti. The desert pizookie is also really good. They've never let me down. One of the best local places.
5	Wonderful pizza place. It's really cute, with little buildings surrounding a courtyard, for indoor and outdoor seating. Terrific Chicago style thin crust (especially Lawrence's Original) The guacamole appetizer has a great wow factor - fresh, flavorful, and comes with it's own pizza crust with a thin layer of cheese, for dipping. Our server, Kaitlyn, was amazing! She was warm and friendly, made great suggestions, and appeared with anything we needed before we even realized we needed it! Overall, wonderful experience!
5	Am in town for my daughter's regionals gymnastics meet. 9 pm at night and we needed carbo loading for her to compete on next day. Hotel recommended Oregano's which was a pleasant surprise. We almost didn't stay as there was a 30 min wait and we needed to get the kid food and to bed, but as she was eagerly scrutinizing the menu selections, the hostess told us that 3 seats at the bar were opening up and we could order from full menu there. What a life saver! The hostesses were really friendly and nice.Sat at bar and Matt served us. Gave us great and honest recommendations without being pushy. Was really friendly with good sense of humor. Was really efficient and on the ball too.  He made the experience so much better. From our seats, we could also see the Pit Crew making the pizza dough which was fun to watch.The salads were wonderfully enormous as we eat a lot of salad! The three of us shared one large salad - can't remember name but was the special salad- really delicious. Then we got lasagna for kid and us parents ordered the Alfredo the Dark   that Matt recommended which was very good, added sausage and chicken. Sizable  portions - still no room for dessert.Overall, atmosphere was lovely, staff was friendly and terrific (esp Matt), food was filling and delicious, and we had a great time. We may go back tonight to try something else! :-)Went back again tonight - ended up at the bar again.  Caitlyn served us and was fabulous - sense of humor, quick service, honesty - I think Oregano's is just great.  When I'm back in Phoenix, I'll be coming to this location.  FYI, ALL the staff are super-friendly.
5	They got the BEST dessert ever!!!!! U just can't miss it!!!!' Every single time :)
5	Best Italian restaurant for the price. You will eat till your pants buttons burst and till you sweat garlic! Pizookie craze is done justice by Oregano's
5	This is the closest you will get to Chicago Style Pizza in AZ.  I would even argue that the crust is better than some Chicago place (if you like a buttery crust).  The wait is long typically, but trust me when I tell you that it's worth it!  The pasta here is also delicious.  I also recommend the fries with aoli sauce and the salad.  This place is YUM!
4	Amazing food, happy polite service
5	I always got my chicken BBQ pizza or the golden wings but this time I decided to order something different. I ordered all veggies pizza "LAWRENCE ORIGINAL' which have spinach, mushrooms and garlic. It was great!! Definitely feel so much lighter without eating meat.. yeah definitely..
5	I strongly recommend the Julius Cesar Salad, don't forget to add chicken, I'm a big fan of salads. I think it costs around 13 dlls but the price is worth it, you won't regret it, also make sure to get a small size salad, I can eat a lot of food, and it only takes a small size salad for me to be full, enjoy.
5	The pizza is great but not the best part. The best part is the amazing service that you get from them.  If you just want to make a bad day great, go their and just hangout.
4	Pizza was really good, staff was extremely friendly and out going. Good food good service
3	Great pizza! The wait can be long so hit it up when college is out.
4	After my review I was contacted by the manager of the store who offered me her sincere apologizes and provided me with a $25 gift certificate to Oregano's, with the hopes that I would stop in again. I did use my certificate but this time I called again and took my food to-go. I am hopeful they implemented some sort of policy after this incident. I am grateful someone took the time to contact me and will continue to go to Oregano's but not at this location, unless it is for pick up.
3	Oregano's is a good stand-by but I, having been to this and other locations many times, believe it is over-rated.  The food is a little better than your average place with large portions.  However, the place is crowded and loud and the wait for both seating and food/drink is often long.  This would be okay if the food was out of this world.  It's good, but not out of this world.
5	Amazing place to hang out with friends. Nice food, great quantity and I loved the ambience a lot.
5	Such a great atmosphere for all ages! Great Italian food and if you're in a hurry for lunch, their lunch specials are quick and tasty so you can get back!
5	Gotta say it's one of the better chain restaurants around in the valley!American-Italian pizzas and pastas sounds pretty simple, but Oregano's is one of those places that's a must try.  With several locations from Scottsdale, Tempe, Chandler, and even Tucson; you really don't have much reason not to go!  This time around I ordered the Clark St. Meat pizza along with trying out my friends anti-pasto salad.  Again, simple, but tasty.  The salami, peppercini pepper, and parmesan cheese on the salad was very light and not over powering with dressing like most places.  The pizza I ordered thin crust and yes the crust was perfectly toasted and not soggy as I would expect with all the meat ingredients atop.  Tad bit of spice and no need to add more peppers to heat it up - yum!  Overall, food was great and service is very good.  Well trained staff members, courtesy and attentive - A plus in my book! Enjoy!
5	Delicious thin crust pizza. Always have gotten great service here. I love the giant soda/water cups they have, you don't need wait for refills all the time. And definitely save room for a pizza cookie.
4	Oregano's is adorable. When the weather is nice there is nearly nothing better than sitting outside on the little patio with a glass of wine and a pie while Sinatra and Martin serenade you into a drunken bliss. While the menu isn't necessarily groundbreaking, it is mostly very tasty. Their pizza is always cooked well, melty and gooey without being burnt or too crisp. And they don't throw a ridiculous amount of sauce on it, just enough for a tangy bite to fight the creaminess of the cheese. Service is mostly top notch, though being in a college town like Tempe, they tend to have young servers and there can be an occasional miss. If my wife liked Oregano's as much as me, we would both be obese. I love visiting, the food is great, and they have the pazookie. PAZOOKIE. Four Stars.
3	Grabbed lunch with a girlfriend last Saturday on 7/27.  We had both been before but it had been years since we last frequented.  We were there around noon and it was still pretty dead.  We were seated right away, and quickly decided to splitsy the Jr Caesar salad and the meatball sub (is it me or can you tell who's a close friend if you can splitsy meals?!)  The JUNIOR salad was enormous, and we should have used our better judgement and got the Jr meatball as well...but our roaring stomachs got the better of us.  We each only got through half of our half, and left a lot of salad on the plate.  Food was good but not great - caesar is pretty generic and the meatball sub is as good as a meatball sub can be.  3 stars for consistency and large portions and reasonable prices - we got outta there with an $8 tab each.
5	Phenomenal service, phenomenal food. I've never had a bad experience here and absolutely loved every visit.
5	AMAZINGGGG!!!!! I discovered Oregano's while in college at ASU and I have since gotten every family member, boyfriend, friend, etc. addicted.  My favorites include: Vino Bambino, Cheesy Garlic Bread, Italian Gold wings (with a side of medium dipping sauce), Big Rig with meatballs, and a half chocolate chip half white chocolate Pizookie! It's safe to say you will be in a food coma after consuming all of this so beware. On top of delicious food and fun drinks (the sangria is a fave) the staff is always on top of it. Plus they have very clever sayings on their shirts! This is an absolute must for everyone!!
4	Excellent pizza marguerite and guacamole appetizer was big and excellent and as always the cookie dessert was fabulous!
3	Pretty good, but very standard. Everything tastes nice, but it's not spectacular. I was very impressed with the service, though. I was out with some friends and my friend's young daughter - the moment we were seated, the waiter brought over some dough for the daughter to play with in order to keep her entertained. Props for that!
4	The pizza is good over there at Oregano's. The atmosphere is always nice and upbeat. The food is pretty darn good and the service is always good. The waitress are always looking cute. Good salads and nice place to hit up,your gonna be there a minute it gets busy over there.
3	I'm from out of town and this restaurant was recommended to me. The food is good as is the service. Personable wait staff. Cool retro decor. Only knock - it's too loud inside!
3	Since I am from New York, anything that is Italian I judge to a higher standard. Oregano's has a nice vibe going on with okay Italian.  My friend urged me to try the meatballs, he said they were the best and I thought they were just okay.  I also felt that way about my Caesar salad, it was nothing special.  They could have jazzed it up some to make it a little different.  He had the meatball sub, which he loved (he gets is every time) but like I said, I set higher standards for Italian.  Make sure to come early for lunch or dinner, this place gets busy quick otherwise you will have to sit in the undesired heat on the patio at this location.
5	One of my favorite restaurants in the valley. The pizza is great and the Salads are awesome. The service is on point. But the wait can sometimes be too long. This is an old college standby.
4	This location is great as far as customer service, food quality, and the set up is super cute. On my last visit parking was easy and there was no wait time for a table. My server was prompt and very friendly, he commented on my whale tank :)As an appetizer I ordered the calamari and it came out in a swift manner... It was hot and yummy! My main dish was, of course, the Alfredo the dark! If you haven't tried the Alfredo the dark, you have to. It is my favorite dish. Last but not least your visit will not be complete with out having the Pizookie. It is one of thee best desserts: it comes in a little cute pan and it consists of a warm cookie aka pizza cookie topped with fresh ice cream. It is divine!
4	My friends and I go here often when we want to go out to dinner in a large group. The boisterous, friendly atmosphere is very good for groups. The food is also a decent price for the ENORMOUS portions you get - my salad lasted me seriously three days. Kind of a long wait sometimes, though. The pizzas are also good, as are the sandwiches! You really can't go wrong with anything on the menu. However, now that I've seen how much is in a salad, I'll probably go with that from now on... roughly $9 for a mountain of food that's gonna last me days?! Yes please.Oh, and get the pizookie for dessert [if it's your birthday, you get one for free ;)]. Get half your meal to-go and save room for it. Trust me and you're welcome.
4	Great food and huge portions. Sat at the bar with a friend and the bartender have us great service. Will do it again.
1	What happened to the customer service at this location?  You forgot an entire pizza from our to go order....we had to drive back to pick it up and just didn't feel the love from our fav location.  Too bad.
4	We stopped here because we were starving and I had a wicked headache. The environment was loud and festive, but it was definitely fun. The cheese pizza we got was well seasoned and thin. The service was super friendly, and I recommend this place as a pizza-lover.
5	Was very pleased to hear from the corporate office.   That's the customer service we love!  Thanks!
4	Alfredo in the Dark pasta is amazing! The food is quality and five stars. I only give four stars, because of the difficulty to get in and out of the restaurant in Tempe. Parking is a nightmare and the place gets packed during peak hours. Get there early!
2	Now I remember why I don't come here.  My friend and I rode bikes up to Oregano's the other afternoon to have lunch.  There was surprisingly no wait and we were able to get a patio table right away.  Our waiter took his dear sweet time getting to us, even though the place was pretty empty.  He didn't know what seasonal beers were on tap.  I'm a mad woman for lasagna and ordered the original classic flag lasagna with sausage; the sausage was so ground up it reminded me kind of like a pate.  The meal wasn't disgusting but I was incredibly underwhelmed, especially for a restaurant that prides itself on Italian food. The portions are generous, but I don't particularly want a huge dish of subpar food.  I just think there is better out there.
4	Can be a long wait, but their food is delicous!
4	I absolutely LOVE the chicken caesar salad here!! It is HUGE for under $10 - cannot be beat! I liked the seating at this location. We went on a Friday night and didn't have to wait long to be seated. We sat in the little "house" in the back, beyond the patio - very cutesy! Good service.  My only issue with this place is I really don't think I like anything else on the menu... Maybe I'm just a picky eater, but there's not too much variety.
4	Been here a few times, big plus for having local brews on tap and the pizza is very good.  My teenagers happen to love it so I give it a good review.  Best thing is it is very consistent with the quality of pies.
5	Sometimes you go to a restaurant and just eat. When you come to Oregano's, you walk into a place with warm welcome, courteous servers, and EPIC food! When you are greeted, there usually is a wait. However, it is worth it. They give you samples of pizza and even offer drinks while you wait! How amazing is that? Once you sit down, you realize you're in another place. You're not in AZ, you feel like you're in a whole different city! Our server was Rhys. Not only does Rhys have an amazing name, but his conversation skills and ability to make the table laugh was making our occasion at dinner fun, exciting and delicious. He always refilled our drinks without even asking and wasn't over the top. He was SO good, that we gave him a hefty tip knowing we would come back and ask for him specifically. At one point, I dropped my wallet without even knowing it and he nicely notified me! This couldn't have been a better place to spend a Thursday dinner or even any lunch or dinner, to spend at Oregano's. For the Horde!
5	Went for lunch with the boyfriend. First time I've been here without having to wait. I'll admit the only reason i come to here is because of the service and that rosemary potato chicken pizza (I rarely support corporate, I'm too hipster lol) . My partner had the pasta which i was questionable on however it was great and spicy. Our server was so sweet and very helpful. She walked by with this cheese crisp guacamole plate for another table with I hated her for due to I wanted to order it too. Food does take some time but this place is a small establishment. I'll be back.
4	Garlic cheesy bread was amazing! Pizza was okay. Cute location and great for a date night. Staff was super friendly and the wait wasn't an issue since they offer samples and you can order drinks.
2	Came here last Thurs. as we arrived for IMAZ. We had salad, pizza, wine, beer. Yummy! Four stars! We like it so much that we went back a week later, our last night in Tempe......the food was still good! The tall blonde bimbo server was another story. My daughter was a server so I am usually very nice and always tip 20%. We were seated, hardly got to open the menu and she asked if we were ready to order....no bimbo, we have not even looked yet!  We ordered drinks, they took quite sometime to come. We ordered, the food came fairly quickly . Then, Bimbo asked my husband if he wanted another beer, he politely says, yes. About 10 minutes passes, no beer, by then my wine was gone. We finally got her attention after about 20minutes to order my 2nd glass do wine and remind Miss Smarty Shorts that hubby was still waiting on a beer! Ugh! Need I say more....oh yeah, 15% tip, only because my hubby is a nice guy! Careful folks!
5	Great food and friendly service. They just updated the menu and the Chicken Parm is on point.
5	Definitely worth 5 stars! I've never had a bad experience at Oregano's. It's great for any occasion. The pizza is outstanding and the pizookie is to die for, and the staff is always friendly. You will not leave here hungry or disappointed!
2	SLOW SERVICE for larger parties. No reservations so we had 4 people go an hr early to check in, when our whole party got there they told us they'd start saving tables!!! They didn't tell us the hour before!! Had to wait ANOTHER hour to finally be seated and our group was split up. We weren't able to eat together. Only like 6 tables inside. Otherwise you will be eating outside.
5	Where do I even begin with this place? Ive been in love since the first taste! long before I even moved to Arizona, my brother would always bring us here when we would come to visit and it was pretty much my favorite place to eat at. The pizza is just amazing... the wings are great and I love the julius ceasar salad with chicken. Staff is super nice and very helpful.  One saturday afternoon, a co-worker and I decided to have pizza and beer here one afternoon since she had never been, she accidently knocked over her cup which shattered on the floor(no, we werent drunk... yet). The staff waiter cleaned it up right away and brought her a new one. Great place.
5	Visiting the area for the first time. We ordered Grandma G's roasted chicken and potato pizza and the chicken and broccoli pizza. The chicken and broccoli was a little too strong on the broccoli flavor and the staff quickly offered to replace the pizza with something else and my daughter ordered the Zany Ziti with chicken.  It was delightful.  We all ate too much which is a sign of good food and fun atmosphere!
4	I love the pizza cookie.  Such a simple concept, but so delicious!  As I scarfed one down this past weekend I told my dining companion "I think this may be my favorite dessert ever."The rest of the food is good, I've never ordered anything here that I didn't like.  It only gets 4 stars instead of 5 because I always feel like it's a little bit dirty - maybe because so many families come here and the kids make a mess on the floor.
5	We love Oregano's. There is usually always a wait to be seated and a wait for the deliciousness. However, the wait it always worth it. We have three little kids and have had to find creative ways to entertain them while we wait. They are always given a piece of dough to play with, and there is lots for the kids to look at. They are very family friendly, but it seems everyone there is having a great time even without kids. This is a local spot that I always bring visitors to, and tell everyone to try.
5	Dans the man!  Our 14 order of wings from the first round ended up being too hot for our taste.  Our server, Kimberly, asked her manager if she can put in another order for us and Dan easily accepted.  He actually took the extra order of wings off of our bill!   Our night was enjoyable, not only because of the great food...but because the service was beyond expectations as well!  Thank you!!
5	The pizzas here are great. Actually everything I have had here is great from the pastas to the appetizers. The pizza cookie is delicious. I highly recommend this place if you are nearby.
5	Food is always great. I tried to place a to go order tonight and after getting hung up on three time I just drove over and I got a were busy. Nothing more not even I sorry for hanging up on you three time. I will not be back I this location. And to top it off my food was cold when I got it. :(Well I had to change my review. I got a email from someone at Oreganos and was very impressed with that fact that they would take time to read my review and to send me a email.
4	First time in Arizona with family and went to Oregano's in Tempe the other night.  Atmosphere was wonderful and everyone was so nice!  As for the food, just as good as the pizza back home!  We loved the option to do half and half on whichever pizzas you wanted to.  The Rosemary chicken pizza is a must try and don't forget to have a cookie pizza!
5	Crispy, thin crust pizza was great! Very good wine selections. Fabulous atmosphere and food! Anthony was 'the bomb'!
4	Great pizza in Arizona! also this place has a great variety of other options (past, salads, ext.).  Nice outdoor seating and a full bar.
5	This was the BEST service I've had in awhile. We were always checked up in and taken care of. Drinks were hardly empty for long. Staff was friendly. An all over amazing experience for my birthday dinner. So glad this was the restaurant that was chosen. They were amazing!
5	If you're looking for fast food, go to McDonalds, But if you want a true experience in italian food, this is ur place! Excellent wine, perfectly prepared from scratch dishes, great atmosphere, an all around excellnt experience! Looking for a fun dinner with friends or a date? Bring it! If u hav a bad time here, it's your fault! Not theirs.
4	This is a difficult place for me to review.. I love going and have been many times. They (and almost all Oregano's) really do the patio right (which, more than anything, is what brings me back).The pizza cookie (formerly pizookie before a legal battle with BJ's which does a much worse job at the same) is about the best I've had anywhere and I highly recommend it (white chocolate macadamia nut in particular even though I'm not a macadamia nut fan).The best pizza they have is unfortunately no longer on the menu because it was a pain to make but they do decent enough pizzas and have a great caesar salad. They also have decent hot wings.If you're nearby and the line isn't insane, it's worth checking out.
5	Jessica is the best server made great recommendation on food dan was awesome as we'll first time here recommend to everyone
5	Oregano's was the best! You walk in and feel like family. While waiting for a table we got offered to sample some amazing pizza while having ice cold beer on the patio. Once we got sat our fabulous waitress Jessica took amazing care of us. Great food! Great service! Can't wait to be back next Sunday! :)
5	So I ordered the Pesto Penne Baked with meatballs, and I have to say wow. The portions were huge, I could barely eat 90% of my meal, but every bite was worth it. I can't wait to go back.
5	One girl being trained had eyes like an angel.
4	Oregano's is the place to go for basically average Italian food, average pricing, but large portions.  The place has a loud, fun vibe with a great outdoor patio. Great deep dish pizza (be ready to wait 45 minutes), great wings, and the Big Rig with Chicken is tasty too. I stay away from the very thin cracker style pizza. I've never had one here that I've thought was particularly good. However, lots of folks rave about it, so go figure?  One last thing, if you go on Friday/Saturday or other busy night be prepared to wait for up to an hour plus. I would have given it 3 stars, but the deep dish is worth the extra star!
5	I took my first bite of the Numero One Uno Chicago Thin Crust Pizza and thought I was in Heaven.  So this is what food tastes like when go to Heaven.  Every slice was a taste of paradise.
4	Good Italian restaurant in the Tempe area. They have the best calamari ever. We had the lasagna which came out all right. The unique thing about their food is their delicious marinara sauce.Will definitely  come back for more calamri.
5	Man this place is the Bomb..Had the Toasted Ravioli,  house Caesar Salad & two different pizzas. I highly suggest u come here. I know we will again.The staff is nice, the manager walked around asking how we are doing even the building layout was welcoming.
5	Booked a hotel near the ASU campus and we were looking for a pizza joint, and thank goodness we found this! Place is pretty small but once we found parking, it was all greatness from there. Hostesses were amazingly hot! Then we got seated and started off with the shrimp Caesar salad that was big enough to feed 4 people! We followed that with a great tasting Numero one-o thin crust! Everything was delicious and loved the mix of college student and baseball fan crowd! We'll be back next year fo sho
1	To sum things up, service was poor and disappointing! By the time we had food served, it was over 2 in a half hours later. This place does not have a reputation of a pizzeria bianco. Problem #1 - We waited over an hour to get seated for a large party once everyone got here (which we were ok with, that's why we stuck around). Then when they actually seated us, our parties didn't even get to sit together. Problem #2 - not everyone fit in the booth after waiting for so long. Problem #3 - we waited to get the food over an hour. No one came to apologize or tell us why it was taking so long until we requested a manager. We sat down at 805, ordered by 815. Food came out at 930. Wings, pasta, sandwiches, and thin crust pizza shouldn't take over an hour. They told us the deep dish took 30-40min. Problem #4 - we asked to speak to a manager. All she did was give me the run around and lied and bs everything. She told me food here takes an hour, especially deep dish (its written in the menu as a story - who the hell reads that shit). That's a lie, if the order went in at 850 like she said, how did we get our food earlier at 930, we should have gotten it at 950. And our order should have went in at 815. Other parties that sat 30 min later got their pastas and salads well before us. I didn't think an appetizer would take that long. She explained that they cook the pizza first then make wings, sandwiches so they are ready the same time. When I had gotten my wings, they were cold, dried, and overcook. The manager shouldn't even be running the place if she can't even service the people. They asked if we want new wings, we don't want to wait another hour for that!Problem #5 - manager said she would comp the pizza cookies, we got charged for all that and had to complain again about the wings. The manager had to come back and talk to us again and she finally apologized (which should have been done). I don't complain unless it's reasonable enough to complain. She just didn't handle it properly the first time around. No one really ate their food. I'm sure it would have been good if food was hot and ready to eat instead of cold after waiting over an hour, then being lied to.A week later, we took our birthday friend to The Parlor to make up for the poor Oregano's experience and it was 10x better!
5	Just had dinner there.  Toasted ravioli was excellent and so was the pizza.  We had a thin crust.   We ate outdoors. Highly recommend.  We did have a 45 minute wait.  Perhaps it was because it was St. Patricks Day.   It was worth the wait.
3	Ordered a thin crust pizza tonight since I've heard a lot of good things about Oregano's and they're close to my office. The people I dealt with were friendly and the time I was given to pick up my pizza was accurate, I didn't have to wait at all. The pizza itself was pretty good. Nothing overwhelming but I will order from there again. Next time I'll try the pan since thin crust pizzas can be underwhelming in general.
5	My family was in Tempe last week, visiting from E Paso, TX to see a Spring Training baseball game. We were reading the advertisement boards in the outfield and saw one for Oregano's then overheard some people saying they enjoyed the food there. so, we decided to try it after he game. Good thing for navigation on the cell phone--we got there. My gosh, not only was the food great but so was the service! Our waitress, Kaylee, provided us with outstanding service. She was very friendly and helpful. She made us feel very welcome, as did the manager (or owner).  He came over to talk to us and was very welcoming and pleasant. We ate outdoors and I must say, the decor and ambiance of the restaurant was awesome! It was a great dining experience. We will go back again FOR SURE when we visit AZ again. No doubt!! Kudos times 10  Oregano's!!!
5	Amazing food. Try the spinach artichoke dip and grab a peach 4 peaks beer! Their pizza is delicious and try a peanut butter cookie for desert! The atmosphere is cute, it's old school music from the 40's/50's. Don't walk in starving though bc there is always a wait!
4	I'm from MN and was introduced to O's in 1994. I insist on returning each time I visit town. The stuffed Sproccoli is my soulmate and Grandma G's 'za makes me weak in the knees.Now, if you'll excuse me, I suddenly feel the need to book a flight to Phoenix.
4	I've been to Oregano's a handful of times on this and other locations. The service and the food have always been good regardless of the location. And I the people who wrote the slogans and menu are geniuses. The only thing I that keeps Oregano's from getting five stars, is the fact they do not take reservations, and they will not seat your party until everyone is present. Seems a little silly not to able to have a drink while you're waiting for friends to show up.
5	I came in this week with my boyfriend for lunch and sat at the bar. We ordered a pizza and salad. My boyfriend as usual was very picky about his food so our order was really complicated. It usually comes out wrong due to all the changes and sides of this and that, but to my surprise it came out perfect!! Our server/bartender was amazing!! Sully was fun, playful, and very knowledgeable.  It seemed liked everyone coming in knew him and wanted to sit at the bar. It was the best service we have ever had!! The food was outstanding as always but the 'Sully Experience' as my boyfriend put it will keep us coming back to the bar over and over.
4	Clearly a family friendly large party destination. But if there is just two, try sitting at the bar. Fried Calamari not exactly the real stuff but tasty nevertheless. Good pasta and sandwiches. Pleasant staff even if seemingly overwhelmed at times. Place seems like it would benefit from a good scrubbing down all over, but the open kitchen appears to be clean.
4	Visiting Phoenix/Tempe for work and co-workers took me here for lunch.  Great patio and the indoor atmosphere is fun and casual.  Terrific chicken parm and friendly waitstaff.
5	I'm not Italian and probably they will all be criticizing my 5 stars, but as an American girl, this is my favorite Italian restaurant (and I have spent most of my life in NJ / NYC and some years in Chicago). lol  Tempe ASU location is the best because the ambiance is fun!  You may be in for a wait though...just bring some friends and hang out and the wait will be enjoyable.  :-)When I was a student, I would order the bowl o pasta - free refills of pasta!  I think I used to get it with marinara and chicken.  The pasta is angel hair - it is delicious.  Also, try the garlic bread with cheese.  :-)  I used to also get the desert - chocolate chip cookie in a pizza pan with ice cream - out of this world!Last time I went, I got the thin crust pizza with pepperoni and green olive.  So good, so good.I have taken many a friend here and they always remember the place and want to go back.
4	Great fresh ingredients fun place with a good vibe.. A various array of people, server was kind and very informative of the menu!! The pizza cookie is one for the win!! Highly recommend this place.. Also, there's a nice selection of vegetarian friendly food:)
5	Gotta bump this local place up finally to five stars for this location. The staff is always uber friendly and answers questions, suggests items, chats and seems to truly care about what goes on in the restaurant and what your eating. On this night, two perky college girls were behind the bar having a great time. Of course, the great Bellini's don't hurt the cause, perfect every time. On this occasion, tried Alfredo the Dark, with chicken for about $12.95 (chicken is four bucks). The sauce is not as alfredoey as you would think, the pasta and tomatoes are not buried in some sort of cream sauce, it is very lightly applied. Three big slices of garlic bread came with the to-go order and as usual with Oregano's you will have enough for an extra meal.
5	This is a great alternative to California Pizza Kitchen, the pizzas and salads are very good, they have great variety and great prizes, and the atmosphere is much better. I will  definitely become a regular.
2	I love Oregano's, so this review is written with a heavy heart. My boyfriend and I went to the Tempe location and walked through a seemingly empty restaurant - we were both extremely hungry and thought that we could get a spot right away as they appeared "dead." Stood behind an elderly woman waiting to be seated and was told by a very rude hostess that she couldn't be seated until her party arrived. Walked up right after and was told we had a 20 minute wait when there was nobody even eating or waiting. I could understand if the hostess had been thoughtful enough to apologize and say they were short-staffed as I am usually understanding with this type of situation, but she didn't so much as offer an apology. So, we went elsewhere. I'd suggest the Oregano's off of Dobson and Southern - much friendlier and faster service.
5	Their deep dish pizza is simply to die for; if you don't order this, don't bother coming at all!!Okay, that was a bit exaggerated. As an AZ raised/Chicago born diner I've been coming here for years, and in reality there are some kickass starters. For example, try the calamari and MMMMM cheesy garlic bread loaf. Honestly, I almost never eat any of the other entrees or pizza types anymore because my heart belongs to good old Chicago deep dish.A lot of people don't order my type of pizza because they have to wait so long, but here's a pro tip: order your pizza about 20 mins before arriving at the restaurant. Yes, you can do that. This enables you to sit down and enjoy your meal without starving for a 50 minute wait or fighting off your hunger demons with appetizers.I always order the Chicago style spinach pizza, and never do I come home without leftovers. Small girls like me can't consume more than two slices at a time, lol!
4	Food and customer service is always so good... Love this place... The ONLY downside is sometimes there can be a long wait... worth it tho....
5	Went on the suggestion of a store clerk at the mall after he learned of our Chicago heritage. We ordered a thin crust pizza and an order of wings solely upon the bros suggestion. We arrived to bustling scene. The indoor seating was full as could be, but the patio was all ours. It was okay though because even though it was 104 out Oregano's has huge outdoor A/C units to beat the heat. Add in a superb service staff and you get a wonderful first couple of minutes. Then the food came. I wasn't crazy about the pizza but both of my friends were. The crust is crisp to almost a devilish point. It's delicious. The downfall is the lack of sauce and the one dimensional toppings. The wings on the other hand were divine. I'm not sure what made them, but I couldn't stop enjoying them. I would order another 50 if I could. 5/5 I definitely will be back.
5	The food is so good and so reasonably priced I wouldn't go anywhere else for a first date! The started salad is soooo big and they have pazookies which are amazing! I love I there, I recommend the Alfredo the dark pasta or ANY of the pizzas. Sooo good
5	The best wings in tempe .. Italian gold .. there huge , they dont skimp on the meat like the little baby bar wings ... and the cheesy garlic bread  is TOO DIE FOR !!!!!!
4	I haven't had a bad item on the menu- I will usually split a heck of a slice and some wings with maybe a salad but I've had the pasta and pizza, always delicious. This place is small and gets busy, if you try to show up past 12:00 fawghetaboutit... Decent outside seating but if its hot don't try, there are also a lot of flies in the outside patio area. if its early stop in, eat inside, you wont regret it.
4	Local chain that turns out quality pizza, pastas, salads and sandwiches. Portions on salads, sandwiches and pastas are big and very big. Their red sauce is excellent. Often times there is quite a wait, especially when you arrive with a big group. They do take-out, so that's an option. Indoor vs outdoor seating is your choice by season.
5	SULLIVAN IS A BADASS!!!!The absolute best service.He already knows my order, he gets us in & out quickly, with to go drinks & boxes . I'm always back to work with time to spare.If you ever stop by, sit at the bar and ask for Sullivan aka Sullivan the badass!
5	Excellent Italian food at a reasonable price. Very casual dining. Pizza, pasta, sandwiches are delicious.
4	90% of the time it's great every time.
2	I've patronized this place several times and in comparison to other spots....the food is okay.  Not worth the service wait.  Most recently, I ordered the Flagstaff salad to go - it was the hugest mound of spinach leaves I've ever seen sprinkled with (and this is no joke) three pieces of red pepper, two tablespoons of garg cheese, a platter of mushrooms, and 3 pieces of onion.  All for only $8.  I feel like a cheated rabbit.  Saving grace - the drink!
3	Oreganos is the BOMB. This location is usually popping with college students. The staff is generally super nice and quick but I had a terrible experience with one of the hostesses. Came here on a rainy night with 2 friends and had one friend who was on the fence of making it on time. Due to the rain the patio was shut down eliminating a lot of seating. I told the hostess there were 3 but maybe 4 of us and she said "no problem you will get sat at a 4 top anyway." We went to the bar in the meantime and had a drink and when we came back outside realized pretty much everyone after us was already seated. Finally my friend said something and the hostess said she didn't seat us because our 4th wasn't there yet.She must have felt the fire coming out of our eyes because we got sat right after that at a table that fits 8. Long story short - make sure you understand this alleged policy that I have never experienced at any of their other locations.I was in a carb coma an hour later so all was fine.
4	We used Yelp to find pizza near our hotel. This place was delicious with a fun atmosphere. I overcame my abstinence from heavy carbs for my visit. The artichoke dip was good; more bitter than sweet with great olive oil flavoring. The bread sticks that came with it were amazing! We had the house style pizza- excellent. The big beefstro was very wholesome, huge and had lots of fresh ingredients. The jalepeno dressing was delicious.
3	Ordered the chicken lasagna which I enjoyed previously except this time the chicken was gray and did not appear appetizing at all. I've been disappointed with this location in the past as well. Service was good, not great.  They always make you wait when you can clearly see open tables.
5	We love it here. Staff is friendly and food is good. The pesto pasta with sausage is very delicious. Portions are big so bring your appetite.
4	Bummer about their policy about not seating you until the whole party is present, but no big deal. Good food, great customer service. I ordered The Original Bollo Pasta which is all you can eat for $7 before tax/tip. However, what I'd calculated to be about a $10 meal before tax/tip turned out to cost me nearly double. I added meat for $3.29 and thought it was also all you can eat -- nope (so don't make that mistake like I did). To add one type of meat for $3.29 one time only was definitely not worth it. However this seemed like an error on my end so I don't fault Oregano's (except that they could have written it more clearly on the menu). Overall I'm a fan and will return.
5	Really great lunch menu. Portions were reasonable and even able to take some home. Our server (Kalee!) was nice, quick service, and made us feel comfortable. Packed up our to-go food and gave us bread and a to-go drink. Really good! Food was tasty. I got the Big Rig and it was tasty and not too spicy (I really like spice so try at your own risk). My partner got the Big Hot Parm sandwich and it was tasty as well. The only thing I want is for them to bring back the cream soda!
4	I had never been to one of these before until about a month ago when I went with a couple friends, and now I'm hooked. This location can get a bit loud and crowded (maybe about 30 minutes is the longest I've waited) but it's near Mill so of course. Food is good, prices decent, and most servers I've had were helpful.. . recommended.
5	Perfect, affordable, crowd pleasing italian-American food. It totally wins. You can't go wrong at Oregano's.
5	My Boyfriend and I went here for lunch today after leaving a different restaurant due to a bad experience.  As we walked up the Hostess was smiling and pleasant. Our first Server however seemed like he was having a bad day. We requested to speak to a Manager. When he came over he was nonchalant and said "what's up?". We requested a different Server and we ended up with Mekah. She was awesome! She went over specials and shared her favorites and different options. She was smiling and enthusiastic. She was very attentive and made our dining experience a phenomenal one. During our meal another female Manager came out and offered us a dessert on the house. Our food was amazing (we ordered the Big Rig with meatballs, chicken and sausage). We were so impressed with Mekah and her female Manager that we will definitely be back!
5	Amazing! We came here from a recommendation from a local family member. The food was AMAZING! Service was fast. As soon as you walk in, you can smell the deliciousness! I had the pesto pizza. It was one of the best pizzas I've ever had. Servings are big, so go hungry!!
4	Had the roasted chicken lasagna and wife had parmesan eggplant. Both were delicious. The only negative is the house salad. It's mostly iceberg lettuce. Don't bother ordering it.
1	We just left because we tried to sit on the patio and enjoy a lunch and The Bee situation on the patio was out-of-control! They were swarming! The waitress seemed uninterested in helping us or being courteous about moving us to a table inside.  We boxed up our salad and decided to leave.  But when received our bill she took a long time to bring us change and we only gave her a $20 bill. And when she did return with our change it was short by $.55 and she said it was hard to find change???? We tipped and left! Not going to this location anymore
5	Always the best.  Been going to Oregano's for over 20 years.  Great place.
