5	We appreciated the prompt service and quick repair!  We will be using Manny's Air for all our future air conditioning needs!
5	Manny was on available quickly to service our broken a/c. He arrived on time, he had a clean appearance, he was very knowledgeable. He even took time to show us exactly what was wrong and how he would approach the problem.  He charged us a reasonable and fair price. We would recommend him to a friend. We would definitely use him again.
5	Our HP failed this Labor Day weekend.  We called several places, and Manny's called us back and offered options and prompt service.  They came out even earlier than they said, and had the a/c up and working promptly.  His charges were more than reasonable.  He has won our business for future preventative maintenance and service on our HP.
1	Manny's air installed my AC unit wrong 2 yrs ago (4/13/11) as I just found that out ( I had called a different AC place to come take a look on 8/30/13 as water was warping my ceiling where the air ducts are) ) called them (Manny owner) to come fix the problem....AC unit was not placed right  (not level) on the roof so the water (condensation) from the AC was coming back into my house through the air ducts causing damage in the one bedrooms ceiling. He (Manny's air)  needed to replace the AC stand and close the gaps that were left open when the unit did not connect together on the outside as the air was going out through the roof. My AC man came back (9/4/13) all Manny's Air did was spray paint the stand and insert gel pads to raise the unit up (water still coming into my house) Called Manny's air yet again to come fix the problem, they finally did install a new stand, but did not hook-up the wiring right so I had HOT air coming into my house. I had to call my AC man to come fix the problem. I have ALL the documentation for the mess Manny's air has caused and my AC guys testimony to back me up on this. I still need to have my ceiling replaced where the water has come through because of Manny's air lack of work ethic. I don't understand how a company can stay in business when he does this kind of stuff to his customers.I don't think a business who does this kind of work should be in business, he needs to have his license revoked and NEVER be able to work again to cause this mush stress and worry in a person...EVER....he failed on so many levels it was NOT funny. I will give you my AC guys name and you can talk to him on how he was treated doing this whole mess with Manny's air. I felt belittled by Manny himself
1	Manny's AC is NOT. A good company---he installed my AC unit wrong and DID NOT fix it right 3 times. Now my roof is leaking where he installed my unit. He is a HORRIBLE contractor/person. I have NEVER meet a person like him very dishonest business person. I would NEVER recommend him to anyone. Promised to fix ALL of the problems he has caused me and then backed out.
5	Talked to manny after our air went out. Was very nice and friendly.  Very helpful with all my questions I had.  Gave me a same day appointment to fix my air within a few hours.
