5	I've never considered myself a connoisseur of gelato. I've had it once or twice and never been bowled over. until i had Frost gelato. It's a heavenly flavor explosion in my mouth. I combined 2 flavors into a delicious mixture that tasted like creme brulee. But sampling all the other flavors was just as great! they have such a wide selection and deciding was really the toughest part. Their Bellini and strawberries and champagne sorbet was also to die for. They were creamy and rich, but contain no dairy! How do they do that?! I recommend trying a frost bite while you're there as well. A small dollop of gelato surrounded by chocolate. What could be better? I'm so excited the Frost is open in the Valley, i just wish they had more locations than just Gilbert. It's a far drive for me, but totally worth it!
5	I was Frost bitten when the first location opened in Tucson. Since 2008, I have tried numerous gelato places and none have come close to the creaminess, tastiness and overall authentic fare as Frost. Each dip of the spoon is reminiscent of my travels abroad in Italy with memories that bring a smile to my face and pleasure to my tongue. The San Tan village location is 25 minutes away but the drive is worthwhile. The staff is friendly, helpful and armed with spoons for you to sample any flavor you wish. I went with the dark chocolate and salted caramel. Truly delightful! Word on the street is there are 3 locations to pop up around the Phoenix area. I think Tempe would be a great choice! Hint hint....
5	Stopped into Frost after the movies at San Tan Mall it's on Painted Sky Drive next to Brio, Wow what awesome gelato!  Cannot wait to go back.  Very cool place with a great vibe, the staff was so friendly and kind.  They even gave us waters because it was brutally hot out and I just really am happy to see a gelato shop at our mall.  We had espresso flavor, they explained to us that all ingredients are flown in from Italy and have fewer calories than regular ice cream, I don't even care about the calories I just want MORE - I hope they do well at San Tan and are around a long long time I really can't wait to try more flavors.
5	Awesome new gelato shoppe!! It's so delicious that we have been here twice already in the same week...and were recognized by the staff already. They even remembered what we ordered the first time we went. Impressed! Very friendly, fun and helpful staff! They offered tons of samples and suggestions for mixing flavors to resemble candy bars, desserts, fruity drinks etc. I tried out their chocolate hazelnut, tastes exactly like those Ferrero Rocher chocolates [Heaven]! We also tried their dark chocolate and coconut ~ put it in the same spoonful and you'll be in Almond Joy heaven - sans almond [with a lot less guilt] :) They even offer a glass of water while youre enjoying your gelato, really nice touch!
5	Love the convenience! Love the service! They come around with samples and bring you water. Everyone is so friendly too! They have a nice variety of flavors that continually change. There hours are perfect too as there is not much (nothing actually) to do in Gilbert at 10pm.
5	5 stars easy, the staff, the gelato all perfection.  We sampled most every flavor, as the owner was excited for us to try each one.  Expensive? Maybe, but I will pay for quality.  Don't miss the SeaSalt Caramel!
5	A gem in the desert! I came here based on suggestions from the yelp community. I am not easily excited by food, but the coconut, mango, and roasted almond took me by surprise---in a pleasant way, of course.  They are distinctive in flavor, yet very agreeable to my taste bud. The service is outstanding; Kristy and her staffs are welcoming. The color scheme of the interior is cool---a great contrast to the scorching heat outside---and it made me forget that I was in the desert.  This place is definitely worth the trip. The navigation may not be up to date, but the place is located in the northeast corner of Williams Field and Santan, right behind Barnes and Noble.
5	I have been a fan of Frost since they opened their second store in Tucson near Sabino Canyon. I don't think there is a better Gelato place ever! And I mean Ever!!! I was so desperate to find out when they were opening one in Phoenix that I actually emailed them. They promptly informed me that they DO have a Frost open now and its in Gilbert!!!!! Umm... Yeah, that's only a 25 minute drive for me from Ahwatukee but hey, who cares. At least I don't have to drive allll the way to Tucson to get my Gelato fix. Not that I mind...but anyway...so here we go...and have been 3 times in the last 4 weeks. Do I even have to tell you how amazing this place is? The more times we go, the more people are standing in line to get a piece of this heaven! I love the fact that they go around and serve water as you are experiencing your gelato. Makes it go down much better I think. The girls and guys that work there are phenomenal, actually look you in the eye when greeting and talking to you and always have a smile on their face. Why wouldn't they, they are selling happiness. :)
5	My husband is an ice  ream fanatic but tonight I wanted something a little different.  Wow! What a nice surprise.  The service was great - the girls behind the  counter were more than helpful suggesting ftheir favs and popular choices while handing out samples of whatever you wanted to try.  We both got the medium which had two flavors. My choices were tiramisu and pistachio.  They were both great but the pistachio was by far my favorite.  My husband got bellini and black cherry.  Again both were great as well but he felt the black cherry could have had more cherries.  Overall however it was a nice experience.  In fact, a nice touch was they brought around a tray of cups of water to pass out to customers.  Something so small makes a huge difference. We will definitely be back again to try more flavors.
5	This place is EXCELLENT, the BEST GELATO i've ever had,
5	I have found that most of the gelato shoppes opening up around the valley aren't really gelato. This is the real thing! The only place I have had better gelato was in Amalfi, Italy! Great service, they are happy to let you try before you buy, really good portion sizes, and great selection. Beautiful displays. I also like that they have charts showing how much less calories/fat that gelato has then regular ice cream.
5	Really good gelato. Our third visit.  We try to come here when we visit San Tan Village.Numerous flavors, some of which change seasonally (no orange tonight!!).  Others are pretty stable (e.g the dark chocolate and limoncello).  The flavors are strong, but not overpowering, and very nice.  I ended up with limoncello.  Reminds me of Firenze (Italy).They probably need to me more mindful of how they pack the cups because sometimes there are voids, but if you show them they make it right.  Tonight the void was small, so I ignored it.  Last time is was large, and they gave me a whole new one (that had no voids).They may also be introducing a frequent visitor or loyalty card of some sort, based on what the owner was saying to me.  I'm sure I'll get to make good use of that!
1	The reason that I give this place one star is because, it's not actual "Gelato" it doesn't have the nice smooth texture that Gelato is supposed to. They say that they import their ingredients from Italy, but there is no way, it's just plain ol' ice cream that I could go to coldstone for.. The flavors don't have that wow! factor that gelato should. I have definitely had better!
2	I wish I could give this place a better review. Perhaps it was because I had just spent two weeks in Italy. So the comparison was too fresh in my mind.    Maybe the dairy products are better over there. I've been to Frost 3 times wanting to like it.  It is convenient to get to.   But I just don't see the value. So far I have tried the Stracciatella, Pistachio, and the Hazelnut. Each time comparing against what I had over there. Each time disappointed.Given the convenience, I would probably  give it a try again if they would change the policy on the small cup and allow putting more than 1 flavor in it.  Each time I was there, I asked to put 2 flavors in the small cup. All three times I was told NO.  What ever happened to the customer is always right.The value?  Almost $4 for the small cup.   In Italy I paid 1 Euro for a single scoop small cup. $1.45    I could get 2 scoop, 2 flavors for less than $3.
5	I went with my friend to Frost last night. I've been to several gelato places before and I went to Italy a couple years ago and treated myself to gelato every day... so it's easy to say I'm a fan of gelato.When we walked in, we were greeted right away. The super friendly gelato girl gave us the run down of questions: have we been to frost before, have we had gelato before, the perks of gelato over ice cream and getting samples is recommended. They have more of a selection of flavors than any gelato store I've been to. Each flavor is decorated to make them even more appetizing. The gelato girl gave great recommendations and we settled on the tiramisu and salted caramel. They were both amazing. The price is a little steep but for a treat once in a while, it is totally worth it. Also, with gelato a little goes a long way. That is why they give you the baby spoons with your cup. The decor is very modern and the shop looks spotless. The owner put a lot of time and work into their shop and it shows. They even come about with cups of water to their customers. This was a nice little touch to show they care.I will certainly be back with my boyfriend soon. It's a great location just outside the main strip of the mall.
5	I would have to immediately question any of the reviews that are critical of Frost's Italian authenticity. I have been a gelato snob for years and have had it all over Italy and most of the United States. Frost gelato is without a doubt, one of the most authentic and best gelatos I have had, period. Without a doubt...the best in AZ. Those who say otherwise must think that the crap gelato in Vegas or The Gelato Spot in AZ are authentic...or perhaps they went to one of the several knock off shops in Italy that serve creamy ice cream, call it gelato and fool dumb Americans. I always use Pistachio as my measuring stick for authenticity and Frost passed the test with flying colors. I LOVE the dark chocolate and generally will order a medio with dark choc and another flavor...the most common are peanut butter crunch, salted caramel, espresso or pistachio.I also appreciate the creative spin that frost puts on the authentic Italian gelato with their creative sorbets and inventive gelato flavors that really resonate with American taste buds.Last but not least...it's a great experience...the staff is incredibly friendly and helpful and they are not stingy with their samples, in fact they encourage you to try it all!5 stars across the board!
5	Delicious!!!  I'm so happy this place opened close to where I live!They have such great flavors, rich taste, and just the right consistency.I like to pick one flavor to try and then ask the servers which other flavor compliments my chosen flavor.  They know what's good!  All of the servers are really nice and helpful.Unique to Frost: They bring you water.  Awesome!Flavors to try: Sea Salt Caramel, Strawberries and Champagne, and Bellini
5	Best in town! The no sugar added flavors are indulgence without the guilt! They have a great bunch of people working there too (very friendly and extremely helpful).
5	Freaking amazing!! Salted caramel is the best but I really loved everything I tried. The girls that work there are extremely helpful and friendly. I was so impressed at their customer service. They offered tons of samples and hints and even brought water outside to us. If you ask for the toppings in each carton of gelato, they happily add them to your cup. They truly added an entire chocolate covered banana to my husband's gelato. Love them! So much better than any local fro yo spots.
5	Wow!  I have not been to a gelato shoppe as excellent as Frost. The range of interesting flavors with the classics is impressive. Plus the presentation is beautiful. And you can sample it all. Big samples too!  The service is impeccable. Super friendly. One of the ladies stopped cleaning to talk to me and my husband for 15 minutes about the products and the business. You can tell everyone enjoys working there. She even remembered what we both were eating 20 minutes after ordering. She was extremely knowledgable. I WiLL be back
5	HOT DIGGITY.... Wait should I say COLD DIGGITY!?! Ha ha haI was so excited when I walked in and found a VERY nice staff of Ladies looking to help a Gelato Newb! The ladies let me try MULTIPLE flavors of Gelato AND Sorbet! Most of the time when you can sample at an establishment you get this vibe after 2 flavors that you need to hurry up... NOT HERE! They want you to be happy with what you purchase... at least thats was the vibe I got! Whenever I try a new place I always ask "Whats your Favorite or What do you Recommend" & I got some FANTASTIC Recommendations! My recommendation: Try, Try, Try before you buy!
4	Frost wasn't on my radar when I saw it appear at San Tan because I thought it would be like all the other chains at the mall. Ice Cream/gelato/froyo places are a dime a dozen around here, and there aren't many that are worth the caloric indulgence. Luckily, a fellow foodie coworker of mine raved about and mentioned a few flavors worth trying.The gelato here is very good; it's even better than some of the places I've tried in Italy. I tried the pistachio and chocolate hazelnut. Next time I'm going for the coconut or amaretto. My husband got the recommended blackberry cabernet sorbet, and I was very impressed how strongly the wine flavor came through. I hope the Mormons know to avoid that one.What I don't like about this place is it still does have that chain feel to it. The TV showcases Frost franchise opportunities. They offer way too many flavors for me to feel confident that they can excecute them all well (and really?! bubblegum gelato...gross!). It's not a good value either. They won't let you get two flavors with the small cup. My favorite place in Italy let you get 3, and it was cheaper.I'll be back to Frost because the flavors are great, and it's so close to my house. I'll just have to become blind to some of the chain qualities they exhibit.
4	Our family loves FROST!  I personally don't like how much it costs for the 5 of us to go so for that reason we keep it a special treat.The staff is so friendly and sweet.  Always a nice touch!I'm somewhat addicted to the cheesecake gelato with strawberry sorbet either in a cup, cone or shake I can't seem to order anything different!!  Their flavors are authentic and surprisingly low in calories and fat!  Bonus for the waistline!!
4	Ok, I've been back here 3 times since my original review, and I have to revise my original comparison to Italy. I must have been too enamored with Italy the first time around, I really do enjoy this place. I will be going back again!Oh yeah, I almost forgot.  They let you taste a whole lot of flavors until you decide what you want.
5	After visiting Total Wine, which is also mind blowing, we were driving by and I saw the magic words "gelato". HIT the brakes! We needed to park, and I needed to indulge. It was our first time at this joint and I wasn't dissapointed. We walked in and were greeted with smiles and pleasantries. The girl working asked if we have ever been there before and I replied 'no'. So we got the whole run down, from ingredients to chef (both imported from Italy), to how many samples we could have (unlimited!) I think I tried 8 different kinds before going with the Amaretto and the Almond. Creamy, smooth, rich and totally worth stopping. The flavours were out of this world. I usually go for Pistachio, and yes it was delicious. It even had real pistachios! I needed to break out of my box though. My mom had the Pineapple and the Almond, also very good. Next time, I'm getting Strawberries and Champagne! So thank you to FROST and Kristin, it really made my day on this trip to Mesa. Hopefully I'll see you again before I leave on Tuesday!PS. Totally worth the money!
3	Very good gelato, but they need to manage and control the line better.  People will sample 10+ flavors, and crowd the small case, which makes it impossible for anyone else to pick a flavor.  The flavor selection is good, but comparable to other gelato shops.
5	This was my first time at Frost and I was really impressed.First off, it was Sat night, so the place was hoppin' and crowded.  None the less, the line moved really fast and the staff offering samples/tastings of everything were helpful and nice (usually, some places are stingy with samples, but here they weren't).  We chose the coconut and espresso and couldn't help but moan with every spoonful - so impressive!They also had a young guy offering small glasses of water (to wash down the gelato) to patrons - nice touch!The place is obviously popular and for a good reason - it's damn good Gelato!
4	Wide variety of flavors from super sweet to decadent to fruity. Great value - great taste. The GOOGLE MAP attached to the addressed is hosed. The Frost Gelato Shoppe is actually in San Tan Village mall next to  Brio Tuscan Grille
5	Cool blue atmosphere and amazing gelato! The flavors were sooo great and so much variety you can't go wrong! I'll never want anything other than this. I live an hour away and make it a point to come down for a taste, yes it's that good!
5	Seriously the best ice cream/gelato I have ever had. I like ice cream, frozen yogurt, gelato A LOT. I have tried a ton of places but Frost is the most amazing frozen treat I have ever had. I would give 10 stars if I could. Not to mention the staff is SUPER FRIENDLY and extremely knowledgable. You can try as many samples as you want - and I have. Oh and its low calorie!!! Wahoo! I frequent Brio next door often for date night, but never get their deserts any more - we always head to Frost.
5	A pregnant girls dream..nom nom. Super delicious. Owners are very nice. Staff is always very helpful and polite.
5	Best gelato I've ever had! There isn't a flavor  that I  didn't love and what a selection. The staff and owners are very friendly and always introducing you to new flavors. The espresso and milk shakes are yummy,too.
5	Keeping this one short & simple.  I'm not a huge dessert guy, but they have an excellent variety of flavors, and the service was top notch.  Due to the gelato addiction in our household, we will be back, probably within the week.
5	I think I've been here 3 times already and just never got around to writing a review.  My wife found this place through Yelp, so we decided to give it a try.  The first time I had sea salt caramel and dark chocolate.  To this day that combo is still my favorite.  The other times I've visited I tried the mango, pineapple, and kiwi sorbets.  I loved all 3 of those as well especially the kiwi.  This is our family's go-to dessert spot whenever we feel like some gelato.  It's about 10 minutes away, so it's not from us at all.
5	Absolutely the BEST Gelato I have ever eaten!
5	I love the gelato from this place.  The sea salted carmel is ridiculously awesome!  It is also so great to purchase a pint (or bigger) to take it home to ration out over the week.  I've started branching out to try new flavors but always get a sea salted carmel for the road!!  The location in San Tan Mall is convenient because I can park just west of the shop and easily pop in and pick up a pint togo if I have unexpected dinner guests and I want to impress them with and easy dessert (With the pint you also get extra rolled cookies to put on top).
5	Great Treats!!! I've been to Italy many times and have eaten A LOT of gelato- this is exceptional. The atmosphere is really nice, super clean and the staff is very friendly. You should give them a try- you'll go back. I had the dark chocolate combined with the cherry. Too bad I have to leave tomorrow morning.
5	Yep!!  Another great frozen dessert place that I can go to on my travels. This was excellent.  Very rich flavor so a smaller amount was sufficient.Be prepared to stand in line for a period of time.  They allow sampling so everyone has to try samples which takes more time.Well worth the wait.  Pricing very comparable to frozen yogurt places.
5	The best gelato shop Ive ever been to. I dont want to eat at any other place ever again. Im trying to convince them to build one in my garage.
5	Damn good gelato.  the best I've ever had and its 1/3rd the fat of normal gelato...don't know how they do it, but it absolutely ROCKS!!!  Love this place and the staff is the absolute BEST and FRIENDLIEST.  the other restaurants nearby should send their wait staff over to Frost for lessons in Customer Service.
5	Absolutely THE BEST GELATO!! AND the servers are always super friendly AND the place is always uber clean AND they offer a free gelato on your birthday.  A+++.  Oh, and the Sea Salt Caramel is to die for. :) It just doesn't get better than this.
5	GREAT GELATO!! If you do not know anything about Gelato you need to check this place out!! It is some of the best Gelato/ ice cream/ frozen yogurt i have had in a long time! If you go on the Weekend Night you are going to have to wait in line! Last time i went it the line was out the door! We waited for 15 minutes, Well worth the wait! Do not be turned off by the line! You will be happy you waited!
5	This place is great! I really appreciate the extreme friendliness and kindness of the employees. Best customer service. Also, the variety of favors is fantastic!
5	Delicious! And the staff is super friendly, courteous, and helpful.
5	Frost is the best gelato I have ever had. If I don't get a Frost Fix every few weeks I am not happy! The owner is always so sweet and the workers are very helpful. They always have new flavors to try. It is my favorite dessert place.
5	I don't know what to say but absolute perfection, from the gelato, atmosphere, service, even the little cookie they put on the gelato. I've had the salted caramel twice and it's wonderful, rich and creamy. But not as many calories as normal ice cream?? Hard to believe but I'll believe it eat more! Expect to wait especially on a weekend evening after dinner. Yum!
5	Awesome! Awesome! Awesome!Great selection of AUTHENTIC Gelato!Wonderful flavors, including seasonal selections that change frequently. The Sea Salted Caramel and Dark Chocolate are beyond delicious!An Arizona company (based in Tucson) with local franchise owners. These people CARE about quality and their customers.... probably one of the reasons they won "Best Of Phoenix"We no longer go anywhere else in the phoenix metro area for Gelato
5	Amazing!  Super friendly and they literally let me try 10 flavors.  Service was great too, they bring you water and are super friendly!  Check it out
5	A bunch of my favorite Sun Devils and I tried this yummy gelato immediately after opting out of dessert at Brio next door.  That turned out to be the best decision of the week!The line-out-the-door is justified (there are about 37 favors to try before committing), but made palatable by the mini sample cups the delightful employees distribute while you wait.  We tried salted caramel and mint chocolate chip while waiting to approach the counter.  Both were magnificent!Everything we sampled was delicious but we all found favorites:  Dark chocolate, coconut, crunchy peanut butter, marbled black cherry, Amaretto, and espresso.  All were rich, creamy, delicious and fresh.Please support this Tucson family-owned and operated business.  The welcoming atmosphere and fabulous gelato make a winning combination--even if there really is "red and blue in every bite".  :)
5	My quick summary:  Ice cream will never satisfy you again.  That's right.  Never.I'm sorry to say that for most of my life I had bad taste, and didn't even know it.  I loved ice cream growing up.  Who didn't?  Well, after discovering Frost, I can't eat ice cream anymore.Gelato has only been in my life a few years.  But now I know what I've been missing out on.  If you've never tried gelato, there are some major differences you need to be aware of.  First, ice cream is packed with air, so it's not as great a flavor compared to gelato.  Second, gelato is MUCH MUCH MUCH MUCH MUCH (like whole freaking bunches) creamier.  And third, it has way less calories and fat.  Frost is a truly unique experience.  The creators tried to be authentic as possible.  The majority of their ingredients and all of their equipment is imported from Italy.  Their master gelato chef?  He's from Italy too.  And you can tell.  The flavors are amazing.  They even have an extensive sorbet collection.When you first walk in you're greeted by a display with dozens of flavors, all masterfully decorated to look like works of art (candied sugar, champagne corks and flavorful swirls, oh my).  A couple flavors even change monthly, to go with the season.  Oh peppermint, how I miss you.  I ended up taking like a gallon of that stuff home to gorge myself upon...  But that's another story.  The staff are extremely friendly and polite.  There will wait upon you while you sample flavor after flavor until you find the perfect one to purchase.  Their best selling flavor is sea salt caramel.  And you can pair it with almost any other flavor to make your second choice even better.And if you're not a straight gelato fan & want to get ll kinds of inventive treats, they accommodate those wishes as well.  You can get a milk shake, gelato infused coffee beverage, etc.  And their milkshakes are insanely good.  My fiance & I like to share a large one (more flavor combos available).  The best thing we've ever had there is a banana, chocolate, peanut butter crunch and seas salt caramel shake.  They even sell gelato cakes and other yummy treats for special occasions.So if you're looking for a truly life altering dessert or sweet snack...  Go to Frost.  They will not disappoint.
4	I've been here several times lately and find myself liking it more and more.  I wasn't a huge gelato fan (I prefer yogurt or traditional ice cream), but I think I'm a convert.  I like the healthier concept and the flavors and presentation are very gourmet.  One thing that stands out is how incredibly sweet (no pun intended) the employees are here.  It is genuine too, not like a "this is my job so I have to be nice to you" nice, but like a "I really do love working here and I want you to love your experience" kind of nice.  I would give 5-stars but I've yet to find a flavor that I just LOVE (despite sampling almost everything, they love to give you samples!).  I will definitely be back!
5	Delicious, I would go daily if I lived closer!!!
5	I was never a fan of gelato until I visited FROST.  I convinced many who thought they had gelato to try this place and they are loyal customers now.   My sister even drives 45 minutes from Phoenix to get some on a regular basis.  I think another Yelper turned me onto this place and they said it was the real deal.I have not had ice cream since and the flavors are so wonderful.  It is almost like you are eating whatever the flavor is.  Apple pie, roasted almond, caramel, chai tea, tiramisu cappuccino, etc.  It takes you on a journey of flavor that will have you leaving behind anything else you have tried before.  They even have fruit flavored sorbets that are wonderful as well.  I've had the strawberries and champagne, peach, limoncello, and margarita.  On the weekends there is a bit of a line but it goes pretty quickly so do not let that deter you from trying it.  I plan my week around when and what kind of gelato.  Crazy...I know but it is crazy good.
5	Crazy Good!
5	If you have over 30 flavors, it is probably smart to have endless samples! So if you have a hard time making up your mind (like I do) this is the place to sample. :-)The staff is always smiling and friendly. Very knowledgeable about the product they are selling. Don't want gelato? Get sorbet instead. Mix and match flavors. The Rum Raisin, Carmello,coconut,  and some new flavor of the month are always my top picks. The flavors are always changing, and there are still quite a few I have not tried (yet). Bring some friends, and leave behind your guilt. This gelato is MUCH healthier than dairy queen or coldstone creamery's desserts.
5	I am so lucky to live close to Frost. Everything I've ordered there is delicious. My son loves the sea salt caramel, which is their most popular flavor. I get a different flavor every time I go in. This is so far beyond a typical ice cream scoop shop. I like getting an affogato (espresso poured over gelato) or sorbettini (fruit sorbet blended with Pellegrino).
5	Based on all the Yelp reviews I figured I had to check this place out.SOOOOOO glad that I did!  YUM is all I can say.  The coconut, mango, and roasted almond flavors were amazing and totally complemented each other.  The service was awesome.  Welcoming and friendly.  As all the other Yelpers had inidcated, this establishment is definitely worth a visit.  A+
5	The best Gelato ever...EVER!!!  Yeah I said it.  What?  Seriously, the best customer service I've experienced since the '70s.  By the time I ordered I was nearly full because they encourage customers to try everything - easily 20 different favors to sample and choose from.  My favorites are the dark chocolate, salted caramel, peach champagne, and black cherry.  We've visited multiple times and have never been disappointed - same quality service and deliciousness every time.  My kids referred them to a friend and he owner gave my kids free gelato on their next visit - they appreciate their customers.  If your looking for your next vice, check this place out!
5	hands down the best gelato shop in az.  love gelato?  come here and experience the goodness.
5	I am in love with this place!!!! Sea salt caramel is to die for :).. my boyfriend bought me a gelato cake from here for my birthday and it was seriously so beauttiful! i cant get over this place
5	Best gelato in the East Valley.  All of the standards plus a few unique flavors such as the salted caramel.  The gelataio behind this place has a great pedigree and the East Valley should cherish his craftsmanship.
5	I have never been a gelato fan, but my daughter dragged me to Frost and I cannot get enough of this stuff! I go there at least once a week and this past summer my daughter and I went there almost everyday! Not only is the gelato amazing but the staff are so friendly. They make you feel so welcome!! No matter how far you have to drive to get there, you will not regret it!!
5	Oh wow! Delicious! So good!Randomly took the kids last night for a treat and apparently we have awesome luck because this is some of the best gelato I've ever I had. I got the caramel macchiato and the kids got strawberry and bubble gum. Flavors are fresh, bold, and well-balanced. They even put a vanilla pirroette on top. So adorable and I just love it when a place pays attention to detail! Then an employee came around with a tray of water. Awesome! Customer service was really great.The only downside is that the place was so packed (on a Thursday!) that I didn't get to sample anything because I felt so rushed. Maybe I'll come in on a weekday morning so I can take my time sampling! Also, this is a total Mormon hangout. I'm not bothered by that at all but just so people are aware.
3	Frost is a fun spot to have close by! Located in the San Tan Village Mall, it is a quick jaunt from our house in Gilbert. The shop is bright and clean and the gelato has been delicious every time. The staff are obviously trained to be outgoing and friendly, which shows. I love that they have some great no-sugar added options like Banana and Peanut Butter, which makes for a guilt-free treat for my one year old :) I do wish that they offered a children's size option as my son never finishes even the smallest size and I hate to waste it. They are almost always busy with a bit of a line, and their flavors change regularly. Herein lies one problem: their line runs in front of the display case for all of the gelatos, and the employees are stationed to help you as soon as you reach the beginning of the case. There is no way to see all of the flavors prior to an employee asking you what you would like, so its sometimes a bit stressful as a customer because you feel like you're behind the curve when you reach the counter. We had a not-so-great encounter on a busy night with one male employee who seemed very annoyed with us that we were not ready to order when he asked us, and kept asking us if we "wanted anything else" while we were still deciding. I think that this could be corrected by adjusting how the line is set up and/or by providing current lists of the flavor options either posted in an easily visible place at the start of the line or printed copies of the current flavors that guests can review while waiting in line. (they do offer a list of flavors, however it is a generic list that includes seasonal flavors that aren't always available, so this is frustrating because it is easy to pick out a flavor only to find out that it isn't available once you reach the front of the line) Outside of those snags, it is really a great place and we enjoy going there regularly.
5	Delicious!
5	Frost is by far my favorite dessert place. Every flavor I have ever tried was delicious. Of course I have my favorites like the Sea Salt Caramel and the Bellini! So good! There is usually a line and its usually out the door. It always goes very fast even though the employees behind the counter let you try as many flavors as you want. I love that they pass out cups of water while you are in line or sitting down enjoying your gelato. This place is always clean and well kept. A family favorite and we frequent Frost often.
5	Great Gelato.    36 flavors.   Best I have had, my favorite place for dessert.    .   Cannot go wrong with any of the flavors.    The staff is Awesome and very friendly.     They even bring you water.   Good, Good, Good.      Stop by and indulge.        They also have "no sugar added" options.           The place is very clean and appealing.
4	Frost is a great gelato shop that has a lot of unique and interesting flavors.  Sometimes, it's hard to pick just one or two, but I usually make up my mind pretty quickly.Their best selling flavor is Seasalt Caramel and I have to admit it is one of my go-to flavors when I'm having a tough time deciding.  One of my personal favorites is their Dark Chocolate.  It's pretty thick and is almost like eating a cold brownie, but I think it's delicious and get it almost every time we go.One of my only complaints about Frost is, as soon as you go through the line and get up to the counter, the employees ask what they can get for you right away without giving you a chance to look in the case to see what flavors they have.  I know that theer is a menu on the wall, but they do have seasonal flavors that are not listed on the menu and I usually need a few moments to browse the case to see what strikes me that day.The other thing about their menu is that it is not always accurate.  As I write this review, I am looking at their menu online and see that they have Butter Pecan listed as a flavor but on one visit when I tried to order Butter Pecan they told me it was a seasonal flavor and they did not have it available.  This can be concerning since I cannot trust that the flavors on the menu are the flavors in the case.They only have four indoor tables and during the busy times this are usually packed but there are a few tables outside and while it's not 117 degrees out, they are a nice place to sit.Frost also has some great no-sugar added flavors which is nice.  I usually end up going to Frost with my wife and 18 month old so (who loves bananas) so its nice to be able to get him a no-sugar added banana gelato and not feel like I'm filling him up with terrible things that he shouldn't be eating.Overall, Frost is a great place and we love going there.  When you go, tell the staff that you need a minute to look at the falvors they have and they will give you the time you need.  Frost is also open later than most of the other stores in the San Tan mall (10pm during the week and 11pm on the weekends), so it's nice to have a late-night place to hit before the day is done.
3	Irish Whiskey gelato, need I say more. Yum!!! However, I am only giving 3 stars because I was sold a bad gift card that didn't work and had to wait an excessive amount if time to get it fixed. My gelato was melting...booo!
4	Great ice cream. The young lady coming around offering water was a very nice touch. Need to empty the trash can on the patio.
5	Sea salt Carmel is amazing!!!I love this place. The line is always out the door but dont let that turn you away. It is absolutly worth it. The service is always great and they let you test however many you want. Love love love this place!!!
5	Love this place!!!! The owners are absolutely wonderful, very friendly and love what they do! Every time we come here there is a line out the door, but it's worth the wait and they work very fast to make sure the line is constantly moving! There are a ton of different flavors to choose from..... you cant come here and not find anything you don't like! There is something for everyone!Absolutely recommend the Sea Salt Carmel...... never tasted another flavor of gelato better than this!Keep it up Frost!
5	In no way did they make me feel awkward about sampling all the flavors!
5	This gelato is amazing!  My fiance has a dairy allergy, and all of the dairy free sorbets are so rich and delicious!  I highly recommend the blackberry cabernet and limoncello!
5	I love it here. Don't be intimidated by the line, as it moves quickly. It can be difficult to tell all of the flavor options are without getting in everyone else's way but the staff is very patient and you can sample anything. I love the way the staff will bring out water and samples of their other drinks while you enjoy your gelato.
5	I always thought gelato was just gelato until I went to Frost. They have a ton of flavors, its always super busy but the line goes quick and you can try any flavor you want. My favorite is the sea salt caramel. Everyone that works there is very helpful and very nice which is actually rare at some of these types of places especially when there are teenagers working. Everyone is professional and friendly here. And the gelato itself is so good, I crave it. And from what I was told, gelato has less fat than ice cream so that's a bonus ;)
5	A great place with great gelato. The staff where very nice and the feel of the place was very welcoming. Meany variety's of flavors even I suggest if your in the area or just walking around the shopping center stop by Frost Gelato Shoppe.
5	I'm pretty sure nothing else I could say would be anything no one else has said about this place. Family-owned. Creative, delicious flavors. Fantastic service every time. I see people get intimidated about the line that you find on weekends/evenings but I don't get it. It moves quickly, and they often come around with samples and water. Plus the owners work the line to chat with people. Why on EARTH would you rather go eat the powdery crap at DQ or that other yogurt place at San Tan? We've tried the shakes, the frost bites, the coffee blended drinks, and even that fun cone tree you can get ($20, and you get 24 small cones of whatever flavors you want.. so fun for kids and has become our birthday treat tradition). Never once had a flavor or experience that wasn't totally worth it. We find ourselves making excuses to go to the mall just to get gelato. The fact that it's lighter feeling than ice cream and other gelato places makes it a treat that I don't feel is a huge splurge. Plus they make the flavors using REAL ingredients. No disgusting syrup for the cheesecake, that's real cream cheese. And the crunchy hazelnut chocolate goodness that they put in many of the flavors is to die for. I seriously don't even get the same flavor every time. It's all that good. Even the dietetic flavors (no sugar added but DO NOT contain artificial sweeteners) are always awesome. If you haven't gone there, get there. You won't regret it. My faves? Too many to name. Try the whole list.
5	How can you not give this place 5 stars?! It is the best Gelato I have ever had, hands down! And there are plenty of places to go try in the Phoenix area... But if you're testing out yogurts & gelato shops, don't waste time anywhere else! UHM and Helloooooo HOT CHOCOLATE!!  When it is in season (during cool weather) it is the best I've had... In my life!  Even the hubby who doesn't care for cocoa, drank half of mine! Thick, but smooth, not overbearing on sweetness, but made with gelato delicious!Oh, they also have Sorbet & this month features Margarita Sorbet... Hello!It didn't take us long for our little family of 5 to say farewell to Coldstone & their prices!
5	After more than a year and a half this remains my favorite gelato place, bar none.  Based on the lines I see here most of the time, I'm not alone!  To their credit, they manage to move the line pretty quickly while still giving very good service.Probably my only complaint is that their orange gelato is "seasonal", and so you can't get it all the time.  Tonight it was gone (though they had "spicy chocolate", which really was spicy...burning the throat several seconds after swallowing).  So tonight I got the limoncello.  Good stuff!They also have a gelato shake (which my daughter says is great), and a gelato cake (which I plan to try sometime!).And on your birthday you get a free small (piccolo).  Which is pretty cool.I just keep coming back for more.
5	Love it the best gelato in Arizona great flavors and great costumer services
2	I feel fine giving this place two stars. First, with the 30 minute wait to get to the front of the line, I was expecting the best gelato I've ever had! I was highly disappointed. The sea salt caramel tasted like it had no salt at all. The mint chocolate chip was chalky, and the straciatella was icy. Overall, the flavors I tried were bland. Second, they use very thin packaging, and so the gelato melts quickly. We took ours to go, and I was perfectly content leaving it in the freezer and pretending it didn't exist. Third, I've had a good amount of gelato in my life, and particularly in the last year. I went to Europe and had it in three countries, and frequently stop by the Gelato Spot in Phoenix. The Gelato Spot is substantially better than Frost. I recommend driving to the nearest Gelato Spot and passing Frost by. Sorry.
5	This is one of the best places I've ever been for anything sweet, my personal favorite is the hazelnut followed closely by the sea salt caramel. I fully recommend this place!
5	We tried FROST fir the fist time on Friday. It is hard to figure out what you want when the line is right in front of the case, but the staff is friendly and willing to give samples to help you decide. I sampled the sea salt caramel and thought it was too sweet fir my liking. We got the pineapple sorbet, and it was fantastic! We went back the next day, and git a large cupwith three flavors: bubblegum, banana, and mint chocolate chip. The bubblegum is just what you'd expect, my 3 yr old lived it! Banana was fantastic, as well as the mint chocolate chip. I can't wait to go back and try the strawberry sorbet and orange sorbet!
5	Delicious. Delicious. Delicious.
3	Over priced gelato....there are better local places.  They do have great customer service.
5	Wow! Now I understand the 5 star rating! This place is fantastic! It's was girl's night, so my bestie and I came here for a sweet treat after eating a yummy dinner at Costa Vida. The line really wasn't long when we entered the shoppe but there were tons of people outside and inside enjoying their cold gelatos during this blistering Arizona heat wave. We were greeted by smiling faces who offered us samples; the gelato was so airy! I opted for the mint chocolate chip and my friend had the cheesecake. We paid, we picked a table, and then we were in gelato heaven. I've had gelato at other places but theirs is at an entirely different level. It's extremely light in your mouth, and so airy and creamy. Another plus is they have a staff member walking around offering cold water to guests. I love this! Other ice cream, yogurt, and gelato shops purposely only have bottled water so you have to purchase it. Frost seems to focus more on their service, your experience, and their wonderful gelato. It's funny, because when other Yelpers mention you will never want ice cream again, it's true!!
5	Amazing! Favorites are the cherry, toasted almond and salted caramel flavors. But really, you can't go wrong with any flavors. It just depends on personal preferences. Ingredients are fresh and you can really taste it. On top of that, it stays open late. 10pm daily, 11pm on Fridays & Saturdays.
5	Heaven in a cup with a little spoon! Amazingly delicious! The employees are great - so sweet and friendly and they never make you feel like you're in a rush even with a line out the door. They're gelato is made daily and is seriously the best gelato/ice cream I've ever had. They have a GREAT selection of flavors, so there is something for everyone. .Seriously love it here - and probably visit WAY too often (but trust me, it's worth it!)
5	I have been a regular at Frost now for over a year. The quality is consistently perfect. The service is always fast and friendly even when there is a line out the door in the middle of 100 degrees. They always bring around water to everyone sitting and keep the tables clean as soon as someone gets up. They have seasonal flavors that are always fun to try as well as sorbets. My favorite is cheesecake with blackberry. Always really good. I also highly recommend the sea salt caramel, peach, and raspberry. It is very hard to go to San Tan Village and not stop here so I do all the time! Best gelato place in AZ.
5	This place has the BEST gelato I've ever had!! I especially love their Peanut Butter flavor~ I found myself coming here for 4 consecutive days at one point, haha (you can't blame me; it was 115F)! A small is more than enough for me, and it'll run you about $4 for the smallest cup, but it's soooooosoooo worth it! All the flavors are unique! It's not your typical chocolate flavors or coffee flavors. They have flavors I can't even pronounce! I've tried other flavors and they are equally as amazing in taste and texture! There's one that tastes exactly like Ferrero Rocher's but in gelato form :D YUM. and their salty caramel is amazing as well! Their sorbets are supahhh refreshing, and they bring cups of water to you to quench your thirst! The servers are friendly, and they don't look at you all awful when you want to sample the whole first row before you settle down on a flavor, hehehe.
5	BEST GELATO IN ARIZONA! They have so many good flavors and the quality is great! They even have a couple of dietetic flavors which are very tasty as well. Give it a try, you won't be sorry!
5	Best Gelato EVER. The sea salt caramel is their specialty and to absolutely die for. I also love the black cherry. They have many flavors plus the presentation of the gelato is phenomenal. The employees are helpful and always offering samples of anything you want.
5	Best gelato in AZ!!!!!!! There is always a little wait, but the hype and wait for it is true because it is delicious! I have tried the dark chocolate, pistachio, and sea salt gelato all of which have been amazing!!! Plus they let you sample anything and never show frustration about you taking you time to pick and choose through there selection of dessert! Yum!!!
5	First time here! I loved it! I just moved from Colorado and when I have people visit me in the future I'm going to bring them here for a treat.
5	Best gelato ever! I'm not sure what I enjoyed more the gelato or the awesome employees. Made lots of yummy suggestions and let us try any flavor we wanted. We'll be going here again soon!
5	My first time to a gelato shoppe! The staff is VERY friendly and VERY customer service oriented. We have been 3 times in 2 weeks. They are very generous with how many samples you get also, with the kids also. This place ROCKS! My favorite is the Gel-latte (I think thats what its called)  Its like a milkshake but with fresh shots of espresso, no powders or ice used as fillers. Pure low fat gelato, milk and espresso! Its to die for!!! They do fundraisers also!
4	The sea salt and caramel is to die for!! Yummy!! Even with the smallest size you get so much. And I love the little wafer on top
5	There really are no words for this, everyone has to try it once and you will always come back! Endless different flavors with a taste that can not be described, only experienced!
5	This place is amazing!!! We don't even think about going to any other gelato shop. There are so many amazing flavors are they are not stingy with the samples. The salted Carmel is a must!!! Lastly- the staff here is nice. The only reason I mention it is that there are many ice cream or yogurt shops  and most of the time the staff is poorly trained or just not friendly. At Frost they always smile and treat you like a person!!
5	So delicious!, so pretty! so fun!  I keep fantasizing that they will open a shop closer to  L A  The gelato is always super fresh 'cause it sells so fast, its all made in-house with primo ingredients. and displayed with Italian flair.  Very friendly vibe as well....all the flavors are delicious ...my faves are: chocolate, coffee, coconut, salted caramel, and the sorbettos .. lemoncello, raspberry, mango...FABULOSO!!!
5	This is a great place to get delicious gelato! I could eat here everyday! The quality definitely outweighs the price.  I cannot even remember the prices because it was so good that I did not care (it was not expensive though). To be honest, I had never tried gelato before going here, but I know what good ice cream tastes like. They have a huge selection of gelato and all of the flavors taste great. You are allowed to sample everything before making a decision. I have never had a problem with the service, rather everyone has been very nice. The owners are very down to earth and friendly. My overall experience was wonderful. I will definitely come here again when I want amazing gelato. Oh! I suggest salted caramel if you have a hard time deciding.
5	This place is awesome. It is a weekly visit for the spousal unit and myself. She gets a gelato and I have a shot of espresso.
5	You have to try this place!  Once you do, you will definitely understand why.  They have a hug selection of flavors and some very unique things such as hot chocolate with gelato in it!  It also appears to be locally and family owned and I do whatever I can to support small business and the community.  Thanks Frost!
5	Best gelato you can find anywhere and price is reasonable for the size. In the little cup... They pack so much ice cream in there!!! Any other gelato places don't compare. love love love!
5	The best gelato this side of Italy. Friendly staff that will graciously offer to let you sample as many flavors as you would like.
5	Clean, wonderful, delicious. The gelato selections are numerous and out of this world yummy. It's a must visit!
5	Amazing gelato!  I always get the dark chocolate and almond. The service is wonderful and the staff is always super friendly.
5	I must say, this place is delicious! It is always clean and the staff is always friendly. I really like that they go above and beyond with the case display! They also give you a small free gelato on your birthday which is very generous and appreciated. I don't go as often as I would like because the line is always out the door when I'm in the vicinity. Keep up the good work!
4	In the middle of forsaken Gilbert there is a mall, and in that mall there is an amazing gelato shop.  Big line, bit of a wait, but very worth it on a semi-warm AZ day.  All kinds of super enhanced flavors, you just want to try them all and never stop eating.  The staff seems to get off on being super excited and friendly which is a fun enhancement.  The only disappointment was when I got to the cashier and they waited about 2 minutes fiddling about and cleaning things before they realized I was ready to purchase, even though I sat right in front of them staring in their eyes and waiting patiently.  They didn't apologize.
5	Such a fun and delicious frozen dessert! I love gelato! The employee's are all friendly and happy to let you taste any of there delicious flavors. Personal fav's are the hazelnut, salted carmel and tangelo (which tasted like a tart orange creamsicle.) MUST TRY!!!
4	I love this place but the line is always so long no matter when I go! AHHH! But, it does move pretty quickly. Some of the staff is great, others not so much, but I don't really care... I just go for the gelato! :)Haven't tried the Gelattes yet but I'm sure they are amazing.**Espresso Chip/Dark Chocolate is my favorite flavor combination.
5	So so happy that I have it a try. Being dairy free I never thought I would enjoy a gelato shop, but it is possible. The ladies at frost have an extensive variety of gelatos which looked amazing but also offer an equally impressive sorbet selection.. Strawberry Cristal for V-day has to be the show stopper but at $25 bucks a serving I had to pass. The banana/Cabernet combo I conjured was by far the best sorbet I've ever had. All sorbets are made worn fruit (12 bananas in this case), sugar, and water ( or a whole bottle of Cabernet).. Delish, oddly Frost has warmed my heart. my only suggestions would be to play at the alternatives that they offer a bit stronger. Had I not been walking my child to sooth a pre nap tantrum several times and read the small print about the dairy-free deserts I would have never known, or stopped by.. Great work gals, we will be back!!
3	Came here on a sunny day.. in need of a cool down.  Though I'm not a big fan of ice cream I asked my boyfriends opinion for this review.  The workers were super friendly and we got to try a couple of flavors.  The salted caramel was said to be their most popular.. it was yummmm but might be a little overwhelming if I got an entire cup.  My boyfriend ended up getting the strawberry sherbet because it was a healthier alternative, fat free + milk free.  It was good to me the first few bites but then it just got really sweet, he felt the same way.  I wouldn't go out of my way to come to this place but I would stop by if I was shopping around in Santan
5	I'm always at the San Tan mall and this shop is always busy. I have wanted to go in for the longest time but wasn't so sure. I went in tonight and got the sea salt Carmel. A must the best! I was very happy with frost and will be coming back every time I'm in the area. Btw there's a ton of other flavor that also look amazing. You have to check it out.
5	Frost got me through the last month of my twin pregnancy.  Happy, nice employees and YUMMY gelato.  Try it, but be prepared you may become addicted.  My only complaint is that pumpkin is only a seasonal flavor.
3	I really do not understand the hype. I mean, it is good....not great. Not worth standing in a line stretching down the sidewalk. A lot of choices, and super friendly. Just nothing special.
5	Amazing! Was visiting family in the area and they introduced us to Frost. We went back the next two days for a total of three visits in three days! Flavors are amazing and spot on. The gelato is so rich and creamy. Tried the sherbet too but like the gelato more. Staff was always super friendly and let us sample anything we wanted. They get extra points for being so friendly to our kids. Favorite flavors were Gianduia (Chocolate with Hazelnut) and apple pie.
5	We love Frost! It's always worth the wait for the gelato! There's also consistent friendly and fast service!
4	Seriously the best Gelato I have had ever. I have not been to Italy yet so once I go there this statement will probably be retracted but for now it sticks.My wife and I tried the Pistachio and Roasted Almond flavors and loved both. The pistachio actually tastes like pistachios (instead of most Gelato places making it taste like almonds). They do have somewhat of a line most of the time but it's tolerable. I would say that the way the counter is setup does not really help customers as it only lets you see the flavors right about when you are expected to choose. I wish the counter setup was different.Overall if you want delicious Gelato this place is the shop to hit up, just expect a line and some frustrated individuals behind you as they can't see all the gelato they'll have access to.
5	I would give this place 5 plus stars! We love this place, and want them in California! The service was great and the gelato is beautifully presented.
5	I don't get the smug reviews that only give this place 3 stars.  It's not that special? yeah right, this place will knock your socks off.  We recently moved to the valley about 2 years ago, we make sure to take family when they visit, here, and they're all impressed as well.  It is a little pricey but that's what happens when you have exceptional quality.  I like how you can have sample after sample, and the cups of water is a nice touch.
5	Lines can get pretty long but it's worth it. Staff is always friendly. There are always a few new flavors to try.
5	I live in Colorado and somehow had heard about this place, so of course I HAD to try it while I was in town visiting.  I was not disappointed, this place is awesome!  The gelato is delicious, but also, the place is cute, the presentation of the gelato is gorgeous and the employees were nice, helpful and provided great, friendly service.  If you will be anywhere close to this place, you need to stop here!
5	I like everything about this place, except where it's located. That's only because I choose to live near Phoenix/Tempe and this little gem is way out in San Tan Village (Cozy American Suburbia). If I don't hear gun shots at night, it's not home. But I digress...This little shop is superb. From the carefully, crafted, creamy creations to the modern sleek decor - They had me. The staff is exceptionally nice as well, and will let you sample until your heart's content.I just love all the little accoutrements that each tray has. Cute little bottles of champagne in the Champagne and Strawberry Gelato, beautifully displayed Mangos, in the rich sweet mango. It's a feast for the eyes, and your palette.Highly advise checking them out if you're in the San Tan area. One word to a Gelato virgin: It's denser and more flavorful than regular ice cream. Trust me when I tell you a small is enough.Enjoy! : )
5	So good!!! The dark chocolate is a favorite of mine. There's usually a long line but that's because people sample way too many flavors. Went there last week and the girl taking our to go order left our bag with gelato on the back counter behind her to melt. She assumed someone else was going to give it to me. So after a few minutes went by I brought it to the cashiers attention and she apologized profusely. This was probably just a one time incident. We will definitely go back.
5	These people are the friendliest people I have ever encountered.... seriously. The gelato is SO SMOOTH. Coconut is so delicious I almost died.
5	Everytime I visit the Gilbert area, a stop at Frost Gelato is a must. Its tucked away in a outdoor mall, and during peak times you may have to wait in line along with other Frost fans. But the line moves fairly quickly and soon enough you'll be in. 1. Samples - One of the nice perks of this place is the free samples - the servers are genuinely happy to give you as much tasters as you want. And its definitely encouraged to try as much flavors as you can, in order to get the complete idea of what Frost has to offer. 2. Dem flavors - Easily the top flavor is Roasted Almond (subtle and creamy at once, so good), along with Pistachio and blackberry. But there's so many to choose from, it'd take multiple visits to try them all.3. Protip - ask for a cup of water, the gelato can get a bit overwhelming at times.Easily the best place in Gilbert for dessert!
5	Don't bother me. I'm in my happy place.
5	The very best of the best right here, staff is electric, friendly and very personable. Gelato is amazing and soooooo much to choose from, place is clean and the decor is very interesting...in a good way!!! Love this place!!!!!
5	love this place!!!!! yum!
5	Always fabulous! It doesn't matter what sort of crazy long line there is outside this place (And there almost always is one late into the night) it loves quickly and the staff is pleasant and efficient! Everything I've tried is great and they serve realistic portions.
5	Gelato is fantastic here. The flavor choices range from amazing chocolate to tropical delights!!! There is normally a long line but it's worth the wait!
5	We loved everything about Frost! The service was great and the Gelato speaks for itself, absolutely delicious! We especially loved that everything was made fresh on site and does not contain preservatives.  Friendly staff and a clean store. Definitely a place we plan to visit more often.
5	YES! Yum. After a friend recommended Frost, I was slow in trying it because it's pretty far from where I live. I was in the area recently so I figured I should stop in because I wasn't sure when I'd be nearby again. So glad I made some extra time.It's located in a shopping complex behind an Italian restaurant. There's a lot of parking on the street but it's probably pretty full on weekends.The shop is big, modern, and the staff are really nice and friendly. The case of gelato is huge, and I had to walk back and forth a few times. I finally decided to have one serving of my favorite: stracciatella. It was awesome. So creamy, wonderfully flaked and blended chocolate chips, rich, and delicious. They added a little pirouette cookie for garnish which I gladly ate.I will be back to try the many other flavors.
5	Absolutely delicious and an extremely excited/friendly staff! I always get greeted the moment I walk through the door. The gelato hits the spot and they always have some new/fun flavor of the season. I loved the Guinness flavor and irish whiskey flavor for St. Patricks day.
5	I love this place with all my heart. It's so delicious I can barely stand it. Not only is the shop cool, the service amazing, and the gelato not super calorie-laden; but the gelato here is just fantastic. And, if you come on your birthday, you get a free "piccolo" icecream.
5	Okay the gelato here is absolutely tasty! One small cup ranges between 132-160 cal! Had the biscotti flavor -- yum!
5	Try a lot of samples. The sea salt caramel is their signature flavor and as I'm eating it while writing this I can fully agree.
5	This is very close to the Scottsdale civic center. My boyfriend and I enjoyed the sea salted Carmel while waiting for his concert to start. Yummy!
5	Trip to Santan isn't complete without a stop at Frost.  The staff is always all smiles. With the variety of flavor sand seasonal items it's never boring.  We feel so much better stopping here than for ice cream somewhere else. If you've never tried gelato you need to here.
3	Good?  Yes, but not something that blew me away worthy of a 5 star review.  My preference for dessert is more geared toward refined and well balanced flavors.  I found that many of the Gelato flavors here hit me over the head and were too sweet or intensely flavored to have more than a few bites.  I tried three including the salted caramel which was way too sweet.  The espresso chip was a bit better but none in our party of three was able to finish a medium due to the richness.  I understand everyone has their own likes and many may love super rich flavors but after waiting on line for 15min to get some, I was not very impressed. It is very clean inside and well decorated and there is some nice seating outside which is cool.  Unfortunately the flava-hamma was just too much for me.  :)
5	Love this place! Everything is so good, everyone is so friendly, they ask you if you would like a complimentary cup of water and unlimited gelato samples, it's always very clean, and the inside is cute. It's always busy too! I try and make it here at least once a week it's so good!
5	This place is the real deal. We all go the bubble gum flavor. Wish I had a lifetime supply tub because now I'm stuck living 6 hours away.
5	Yum!! Rich flavor! Salted Carmel was out of this world!
1	My first review was 4 stars NOW 1. The owner had my review removed citing I violated content guidelines. I find that a gutless move to address a concern I had as a customer. Let me see if Yelp removes this one.I recognize that they are getting five-star reviews for a product that is fantastic. They will NOT get that from me because of two experiences I've had in their shop. Yes they have really good gelato, dare I say amazing? But the owner (not an employee) needs better customer service skills. The owner yelled at one of my kids for touching the glass when pointing at the flavor they wanted. She had just had an employee clean the display. Sorry, ma'am it's an ice cream shop and your displays are at knee level for adults, eye level for kids. Get over it. I removed the other part of my review which directly spoke about an employee. What floors me is rather than the owner using Yelp to talk to me as a customer, they defensively had my review removed. If this one disappears, I will assume it's because FROST is a paid Yelp advertiser and they will bend over backwards for businesses that give them money.
5	Our family loves this place. Sea salt Carmel makes me salivate just thinking about it. Typically there are long lines Friday and Saturday night so make sure you plan on that. Unlimited tasting. I wish I could have this every day but I would be as big as my house. It's soooo good!
5	Got the Lemon and Strawberry sorbets. Both were very good................................
5	We have been going to Frost since they first opened their doors. They are by far my family's favorite gelato shop. We recently returned from Italy and tried many gelato shops. I have yet to find one that can compete with Frost. The service is excellent as well. They are all very helpful and attentive.
5	We've been to this location three times and have always had a positive experience.  The staff is very friendly, knowledgeable, and patient.  The gelato is awesome and the place has always been clean, which I particularly appreciate.  I also appreciate that they allow you to sample as many flavors as necessary to help you make your decision.
3	To be fair, we came here right after eating a large meal so I wasn't as hungry.  There were busy and I felt rushed in trying and finding something to eat.  My server was very helpful in recommendations and helped me pick something that tasted very much like a Creme Brulle.  I would recommend getting something rather small after a meal unless you have lots of room, it was rather rich.
5	Simply "Frost"'is a family owned company. It's a local favorite. They let you sample "or try before you buy" so you know you'll like what you order. Always friendly, always delicious. This is a place I bring visitors as no one has had a bad word to say about it. Just a few steps away from a playground for the kids (and a splash pad in warm months) it's a kid- friendly place. Be prepared for a line though on evenings and weekends. It's a great place that the locals frequent!!!
5	The Gelato here is better than all others I have tried in this area.  Most notably, the texture of their Gelato is perfect, which most other places screw up.  Also, the flavors are full and delicious. If you go during the day or before 5pm, there is rarely a line. But later in the evening you may end up waiting 20 to 30 minutes.
5	Went on a Saturday evening and waited in line for about 10 minutes and it was every bit worth the wait!! Wide selection for everyone and they even let sample before buying. The only tough thing is there's not a lot of outdoor seating but it's more for eating while on the go.
5	The hype is justified.  The most robust blend of high quality mouth watering gelato and excellent customer service.The smiley, friendly and knowledgable young woman who helped us was quick to hand us sample after sample all while tossing a bits of knowledge about each flavor.  I sampled the Pistachio which was incredibly rich. She noted it was the most costly to make of all the gelatos (but the price was not higher).  After about 5 samples I settled on half cheesecake half black cherry at her recommendation.I nearly inhaled the entire medium cup in 30Seconds.  I found myself trying to slow down so I don't choke or die of a brain freeze.  Do they put crack in this stuff?!?My wife got the cookies n cream... Though it's called by some super fancy shmancy name there.  So good, best she's ever had.  They also come with these little wafer cylinder shaped things that taste just like a fresh cone.There was a super friendly kid walking around giving out samples to those waiting in the long line.  He was also passing out iced waters and making quick chit chat.While we're gorging on our delicious treats they are playing a video of how they make their stuff.  We saw the espresso and gelato thing they make and decided we are coming back tomorrow!  So much to try!  Ok I'll shut up now.
4	the Gelato is actually pretty good and they let you sample pretty much everything. staff are very nice and really helpful. peak hours have waiting lines out the door and down the sidewalk but it generally moves fast.  I'd say the downsides are that it is way pricey for what you get and the place is usually bursting with hipster-types.
5	Excellent place to chill and eat something sweet...ice cream haha i mean gelato...four people people working....very efficient...we had three larges i got the sAlted carmel...someone got a shake and one got "Hot Gelatte" piccolo...
5	Across the nation our favorite gelato spot. The service is welcoming and cheerful offering you any sample of their beautifully displayed gelatos. One of the owners, kristen, is our favorite along with regular worker, marissa. Go. You won't be disappointed.
5	"Rated best dessert in Arizona". And yep they do not lie.  Don't even waste your time at any other Gelato spots as Frost is in a league of there own. Every flavor no matter which you choose is outstanding.   My favorite is the Salted Carmel.  If you have a sweet tooth this is definitely the spot to ca that craving.
5	The people at Frost may not tell you, but Angels make the gelato. What you are actually eating is Heaven. If you listen closely once you have finished eating there is a holy choir singing. It's true. I heard it once myself. Worth the hype, the price and the wait. Expect to wait 20-30 minutes in the late afternoon. The staff try their best to give quality service with such long lines. Just be patient and you won't be let down.
5	This is as authentic as it gets!! My in laws brought the hubby and I to this place to get an afternoon treat and boy where we in for a treat! Word on the street is that the line for this place normally wraps around the building, but when we arrived we were able to walk right in. The server allowed us to try different flavors before we made our selection. If you purchase a medium size you can get two flavors and if you choose a large you can choose 3 flavors. The medium size is more than enough to eat alone, but if your are big on sweets go for the large! All of the flavors I tasted were amazing!Once I tasted this place I had flash backs of when I used to live in Europe and had amazing gelato and ice cream there, this tasted so close to that! I wasn't able to finish my ice cream because my husband finished mine for me, but I really enjoyed what I tasted and would love to go back when I am back in Phoenix.
5	My husband and I love us some gelato and have had a difficult time finding a top notch spot since our favorite shop closed a year ago. We didn't know of the hype surrounding Frost when we passed by it the other night, but were excited to try something new. We ordered the toasted marshmallow, banana and peanut butter. All were excellent!
4	Decently good gelato, variety of flavors, would definitely come back here again. Went here on a Saturday night with family and relatives. The place is definitely NOT great for big groups, and expect a line out the door if you go during busy times. They do have some outdoor seating. Cant remember what flavor I got but it was good. Id rank them higher than gelato spot for sure. They should open another place between biltmore and san tan.
5	So happy Frost Gelato came to  the San Tan shopping center in Gilbert.  There are many flavors all arranged in a glass enclosure for easy selection.  My favorites are the marbled black cherry, banana, strawberry and salted caramel, but all are excellent.  They allow you to select three flavors in the large cup, so you can easily pick three and narrow down your favorites. Although, it seems to always have a line....the wait is worth it.
3	Meh. What's all the hype about? Sure it was delicious but at what cost? Personally I think you can get a lot more for your money at the self serve places. There are lots of flavors to choose from. The staff was friendly. Also, what's up with all the flies. I literally saw 10 flies all over the walls. I don't know if it was just this particular night or what but it was weird. I've never seen something like that before. The gelato/ice cream was good but for the other reasons listed I won't go back.
5	This place is soo good! You can try any flavor, they are super patient, great prices, haven't found a flavor we didn't like chocolates, coffees, fruits, caramels, all good!Been here a thousand times and just found out they mix awesome milkshakes from multiple flavors!
5	Best dessert place, hands down, that I have ever been too. The gelato is perfectly smooth and comes in an awesome variety of flavors. I come here every time I'm in Phoenix for baseball with my son. Can't recommend this place enough.
