4	I bought many of my own pets here and every time i get good service. Coming here during the day is your best deal. For the fish and reptile department ask for Cory he is really helpful and knows what he's talking about. As for the rest i am not to sure of their knowledge but I'm pretty sure they'll do their very best to give you the best service possible.
5	I love this pet store! Always have, always will. And now that I've brought my kids here, they are die-hard fans as well.The "jungle" motif and aesthetic of this shop sets this store apart from other pet stores. Kudos to the architects and interior designers of this store, they did an amazing job with the interior. The attention to detail is great, and one can really feel that you're in a shop at Animal Kingdom at Disneyworld. Between the roped section by the cash and the "wooden/bamboo"-like walls, the store interior is really well done. Merchandise-wise, they seem to have everything you'd need to care for and pamper your dog/cat/hamster/gerbil/bunny/bird/fish/maybe other pet type...... I'm a dog person, so I tend to gravitate to the doggie areas. Wow. Amazing dog toys and the cutest dog coats ever! All the usual dog treats and snacks and more. Pricey, yes, but there are unique products here that I've not seen elsewhere (coats and toys, particularly). And they have animals here. Cute, adorable, I-have-to-take-them-home-immediately animals. Specifically, they have puppies, bunnies, hamsters, gerbils, mice and rats, birds and tons of fish here. Again, I gravitate to the dog area. I know the perils of getting dogs from pet stores, and how many pet stores often get their puppies from puppy mills, and how we're not supposed to get pets at pet stores and why, but I gotta say, the animals at this store appear to be very well cared for. The staff is knowledgable about the dogs here and seem to genuinely care for them. If you asked about the puppies' pedigree, they'd probably be able to provide you with the breeders' info.
3	I don't know too many places like this, nice to bring children to see live animals.The cats are strays that they've rescued, the decor is safari themed so it's very nice.Their cat food section is not the largest, but it's not their specialty.
5	I bought my turtles here and let me tell ya there breaders know what they are doing. Both of my turtles are heathy, strong swimmers and adapt easily to there environment. They sell top notch filters!! I got my eheim canister filter about 15 years ago and safarie pet store still offered to look at it and get the necessary pieces for it's repair. This is an ideal establishment for animal lovers of all sort. Since 2001 :)
