5	I recently met Edwin Castro, owner of Pop-A-Lock of Charlotte, at a networking event in Uptown Charlotte. I expressed to him how difficult it was when I had to get new keys made for my car. I had no other choice but to pay for a tow to the dealership and on top of that, the keys, without a remote, ended up costing me a fortune. After talking with Edwin, I realized that if I knew about his business, he could have provided me with a new set of keys and remote, without having my car towed. This man was extremely helpful and offered to provide me with a remote for my car. He sent me a remote to my apartment with detailed instructions on how to activate the remote within a week of our initial conversation. Also, his instructions allowed me to easily activate the remote myself instead of paying to have someone do this task for me. He was sincere and had a sense of urgency in providing me with his service. I will definitely use Pop-A-Lock of Charlotte if I ever need a locksmith in the future.
5	I locked myself out the other day when I only had 15 minutes to get to my daughter's school to pick her up on time! I called Pop-A-Lock and Edwin was there in less than that, got my door open in about five minutes, and I made it on time! The service from start to finish was fantastic! I'm guessing I had an unusually fast turn-around, but I live very close to their base of operation. Still, given the level of professionalism and courtesy of all who helped me--from the dispatcher to Edwin himself, I would have easily waited twice as long. And the price is reasonable too, considering what a huge deal it is to get locked out!I can't recommend Pop-A-Lock highly enough! And one of the best things about them? Siri pulls them up first on my iPhone when I say "I got locked out!"
1	We lost a set of keys at Carowinds Amusement Park, but had a spare set in the car. After a 15 hour day with two kids in tow, we were ready to go home.  Called Pop-A-Lock who said they would be 35 minutes and not too pricey.  This was after 9 p.m. and two small kids mind you.  45 minutes passed and I called back 3 times because I was put on hold for an additional 10 minutes, thought I'd been disconnected. The tech is running late, he'll be about 20 minutes.  We thought, okay, it's not too bad.  Another 1/2 hour later I called back.  The same routine with the placed on hold.  Operator says, "I'll message the tech and he will give me an E.T.A.".  The tech tells the operator 30 more minutes because he's busy.  We had no water, it's in the car.  The park is closed, no bathroom to use it is now 11 p.m.  My two small children are now panicky.  My daughter becomes physically ill, she thinks we'll never get home, and my son is laying on the broken pavement exhausted.  Pop-A-Lock never showed up.  We waited 2 hours on them and not one glimpse.  Fortunately someone else came to the rescue.  It was a two hour drive home after that ordeal and I'll NEVER call Pop-A-Lock again.
5	I got a flat tire this morning and Alex from Pop-A-Lock was there in under an hour (other places told me to expect 4+ hours due to the snow). He was very quick, gave me all the information I needed to know, and was a pleasure to work with!
5	The lady told me to be a 30 minute wait and but the guy came in seven minutes I recommend it. Great service friendly people and fast
5	Alex to the rescue! We are renting a third floor condo and the dead bolt key just wouldn't work. I even had two keys on me and neither worked. Called Pop a Lock and Alex was there within 30 minutes. It wasn't an easy job (the lock was broken), but Alex figured it out and saved money to top it off. Kudos to a great company and a great tech.
2	To be honest, when I was in need of a key for my vehicle Pop-A-Lock Charlotte was very quick to respond. They gave me a good rate and had someone to my home to re-key my car. The gentleman who came to my home was courteous and efficient. I had requested 2 keys, 1 with an automatic door opener, 1 without. He made me the 1 without and stated he did not have the blanks to make the other but would call me once they came in, about a week or so. Well He never called and I am a busy person so I just went about my business figuring I would eventually get the key made. Fast forward several months, as I was getting into my car which I use for business the key broke in half. I was in front of a clients home, many miles from my own home. I contacted the 800 number and explained the situation. The woman on the phone explained that there was no locksmith on duty and after less than stellar customer service stated she would send a message. That was around 8pm. I had to have my car towed to my house, since I could not get into it, or drive it. At 9:30 the following morning I contacted Pop-A-Lock as NO ONE HAD CALLED ME BACK. Again a message was sent, this time with a response. I spoke with Brook (apologize if misspelled), he advised me that it would cost $195 for a new key.  Exasperated I reiterated the situation, that the key broke in half, clearly a flaw with the key (I did not use it for anything other than driving) and feel that its less than 1 year lifespan is indicative of that fact. He stated he would talk to his manager and call me back, which he did. I was then quoted the cost of $95. Again,  I explained my issue with having to pay for a key that was flawed. I have an issue with paying for something that should last the life of a vehicle, the key they were replacing had fallen off of a truck (left it accidentally on the bumper) and ran over who knows how many times on Lawyers Rd before I finally found it the next day and it hadn't broken (the chip was demolished though).  So I have a hard time believing that there was anything less than a flaw in the key, maybe a mistake was made while grinding it that caused that particular weakness, who knows. What I do know is having to repay a company for a product that should have lasted longer than 1 year is frustrating.As I am writing this review Edwin, the owner of Pop-A-Lock Charlotte has called me to offer me a deferred payment for the $95 that he "cannot" waive. He was very polite throughout the conversation and even thanked me for not cursing at him (there is never a need for that). To add further insult to injury, the $95 dollars is for a regular (not alarm) key, although that same $95 would have been the amount to upgrade to an alarm key had he contacted me back after the original key was made.Although both Brook and Edwin were polite, more than I can say for the 800 number customer service woman from last night, I would not purchase another key from them. I can appreciate that they don't make the keys, but I don't feel I should have to eat the cost of a flawed product.
