4	I'm always looking for a great casual bite near Scottsdale Healthcare on Shea. Lo and behold, I found Taste of Greek as I was waiting in the endless drive-thru lane at Starbucks. Greek . . . one of my favorite cuisines . . . could they possibly have Babaganoosh? And if so, will it be any good? Today, on my way back from a doctor's appointment, I stopped in and there was my beloved Baba on the menu.  I ordered some to go. Ahh, it is so delicious . . . very smooth and smoky.  I wonder if they make it themselves? Who cares? It's delicious. Can't wait to try the gyros. Everyone seated had one and they looked very satisfying :)The counterperson was very sweet and enthusiastic. The gentlemen cooking were very focused on what they were doing. They barely looked up until one of them called my number for pick up. He, too, was very personable and thanked my for my business.The restaurant itself is small, great for take-out. Drinks are self-serve. Taste of Greek will definitely be part of my regular rotation!
5	What a nice place!  The food is amazing and the people are so very friendly.  The menu offers a very wide variety of the usual middle eastern flare.  They even offer vegan dishes!  I highly recommend the grilled veggies with hummus.  The prices are VERY reasonable and the portion sizes are quite large.  I am a large eater and I have never walked away hungry.  Therefore, without hesitation I can say this is a great place to eat!
5	Flavor, freshness, and portion size are outta this world. The gyros to beat in Phoenix!
5	I'm going to keep this brief... Taste of Greek is fantastic. The french fries are some of the best I've ever had. I'm not even a fan of thicker fries normally, but these were crazy good. Hot and crispy. I had a gyro as well - the meat was cut right in front of me and was cut into really thin strips - almost like a Philly Cheesesteak. I'm a fan of this style. Their tzatziki sauce is delicious and fresh. The pita was also fresh and soft... the entire thing was the size of my head and while I managed to scarf it all down, I was too full to finish every french fry (but not for a lack of trying). This place is really clean, and everything is cooked and prepared out in the open. It's fast-casual style, but they weren't super busy when I went and they were bringing food out to the tables which was nice. Most of the tables could only seat two people which makes this perfect for a quick lunch with a co-worker or by yourself. They have a few tables that seat more, but it's not a huge restaurant.The staff is friendly and helpful. This is a family owned Valley business - they are apparently related to a few other places around town (not all the same name, but the ones I've eaten at were also very good). The only thing this place is missing is delivery. If these restaurants would deliver, they would be unstoppable. Oh, and there needs to be one really close to my house.I'm definitely going to be back.
4	Got lots of recommendations here and did disappoint! Souvlaki and tabbolUlah were fantastic for a small unassuming place. Clean, nice, friendly and good!!!
3	The food was very flavorful but I don't recommend getting it to-go. I live about 5 minutes away and by the time I got home the pita bread was completely soggy and I couldn't enjoy half of the fries for the same reason. The parts I did get to eat were very delicious though. The staff was very friendly as well. It was kind of pricey but that's looking like the norm for all the Greek places I've been to.I probably won't go back only because I've had better at either My Big Fat Greek Restaurant or The Greek Pita in the Tempe Market Place food court. Still if you live close by and are craving some greek it's a good place to go.
3	Good place to grab lunch. They use fresh ingredients and the serving size/price is reasonable.- Greek Salad: Pretty good. There were lots of fresh veggie toppings and a ton of feta. I prefer more lettuce on my salads, but that's my only complaint. The tahini sauce it came with tasted a little spoiled, thankfully it was on the side. For only 50 cents more I got a huge soft pita on the side.- Falafal: Really good. Most restaurant's falafal balls are dry and plain tasting, so I was very pleasantly surprised that these were moist, fresh, and quite flavorful. Highly recommend!- French Fries: Mmm their fries are great. Big, crispy, and soft in the middle.- Gyro: I don't eat meat, but my boyfriend really likes the gyros. They look very sizable, and the tzatziki sauce is very good.
4	Hmmm.  New place, great people, good food, good customer service.  Taste of Greek is awesome!  Falafel was most tasty, nice and crunchy.  Pita bread was nice, warm, and delicious.  Tzatziki sauce was nice and light.  I haven't had their french fries but friends have raved about it!  I'll definitely try it next time!
2	I had been scoping this place out for months before I tried it.  I always see it when I go to Sprouts but I'm always over there before they open.When I finally made my way over there in the afternoon I got a gyro and fries.  I took it home had maybe 3-4 bites and fed the rest to my dog.  It was so greasy that I had oil dripping down my face.  It was flavorless which I thought was impossible for gyro meat.  The tzatziki was flavorless as well and really watered down.  The fries were OK.  I've eaten a lot of gyro's in my life and this one was not good.  The gyro place on Northsight is only about 5 minutes away from here and 100 times better.
4	HUGE servings and AMAZING FRIES...One order of the gyro combo is enough for my husband and me to split for dinner.  We love this place (it's a 3 min drive from our place).
5	We went here a few weeks ago, and I was definitly impressed! This local guy sure does know his food! GREAT FLAVOR, huge portions, reasonably priced. One small nit-the onion slices are huge, and I wasn't a big fan of that. But I recommend you try him out.
4	Great gyro! We will definitely return for the flavor and friendly service!
4	Love it. Huge servings for a cheap price. Friendly staff, good food, and doesn't take forever to prepare. Will recomend to others!
5	Their chicken pita is as good as their gyros! Lean, tender chicken, well seasoned, cooked just right!  Huge portion.
1	Website indicates they are open on Sundays.  Yet when I went out of my way to try this place on a Sunday - guess what?  Yep, closed.  And there were other people who showed up to eat as well while I loitered outside, trying to find an alternative place for falafel on a Sunday.To make matters worse I have politely notified them of this on a subsequent visit and clearly expressed how inconvenient it was.  And here I am now, writing this review weeks later... and the website has not changed. Fail.
4	If I were judging visual appeal and ambiance I'd be hard pressed to award Taste  of Greek even a single star.  Thankfully I'm not, and the delicious food and speedy service here earn a solid four stars.  The ingredients are fresh and the food is served hot.  The fries are always perfectly crispy without being burnt.  The gyro meat is a bit greasy, but it is freaking delicious!  The servings sizes are generous, and the gyro special is a killer deal.  Don't judge a book by it's cover.  Give Taste of Greek a chance to earn your business; you'll be glad you did!
5	Oh boy, Greek food! This place doesn't really authentic Greek food and would easily be clumped into the Turkish/Middle Eastern/Greek fast food places. But hey, I don't mind.Their menu is standard: your choice of meat (gyro), splash of hummus, some Greek fries (topped with feta - Greeks don't do this btw but who cares), some middle eastern salads, and you're set!The portions are huge and you'll be satisfied every time. Meat is flavorful (garlic spices) and everything that's topped with feta is good in my book.Beware of the "Greek breath" though. You'll stink of garlic all day. And your office will love you for it.---Distinguishing factor: QGF - Quick garlic foodHummus Score: 7/10 - Not bad, but I've had much better. Nothing remarkable.
4	Visiting from out of town and this place was a great start to the trip. Employees were very friendly and helpful.  The food was great! The greek salad was sooo great and the dressing on it was awesome.  The hummus and chicken was also wonderful. The spices used on the chicken just made the dish. I like how they make their own sauces.  The touch of dill added to the tzatziki was delicious.  One thing I did not like was how they fried the spinich pie. It tasted too heavy and was super greasy. Totally ruined. Spinach pie is not suppose to feel so heavy when digesting.
3	01/05/132.5 stars.Came here on a Persian coworker's suggestion I try it.  I was informed by the nice young man that Taste of Greek was out of the steak pita that my coworker told me to check out.  (Since I try to avoid chicken and lamb due to food allergies, steak and chick peas are the only proteins I'd be considering, anyway.)  Since steak was not an option tonight, I went for a la carte items of chicken pita ($7.95), regular hummus ($4.50 or $4.95), and a couple of falafel balls ($1 for two pieces).Surprisingly, it took longer than I expected to prepare the falafel balls and pita wrap, which I took as a good sign that they were cooked-to-order.  The hummus was the only one that was pre-prepared, and it came with ONE olive.  A rather tasty olive at that, and it was a pity that it was all by its lonesome, since the bite that included it was the only time I thought the hummus was worthwhile... Still, I've kept the container in the fridge, as it still is a protein source.  (However, now that I think about it, if it's not organic, then really, I'm not doing my body any favors- SAY NO TO GMO!)The falafel balls were piping-hot and tasty, albeit a tad too salty.  Again, I'm going to assume the chick peas weren't organic and the soybean oil used to fry it wasn't either, so this may be the last time I ever speak of them...  The first few bites of the pita wrap didn't win me over UNTIL I remembered to add the tzatziki sauce I'd requested to be on the side (cuke allergy).  After I'd slathered on the homemade sauce, it was  very good!  Worthy of a few allergy symptoms, even.  I'll be coming back to give the steak wrap a try, but I doubt I'll be back for the other items, unless ToG  goes organic.  If you know of any organic mediterranean restaurants, please let me know!  :)
5	The BEST!  There is not a better chicken pita sandwich in town (I always ask them to add feta cheese).  This place is wonderful, the service is always excellent, and we love their hummus!  Creamy and fresh every time.  I wish I had known this place was around prior to this year----what a wonderful discovery 1 mile from home.  Chris, thanks for always being so friendly on the phone when we place our ritual take-out order on Sundays :)The restaurant always seems clean and you may watch your food being prepared.  There are a few tables if you want to eat inside, though it's more of a carry-out or lunch type place (think sub shop type feel).  AWESOME food and service!  We're now loyal customers...
4	I had a craving for Gyros and I found a store that serves the food as a main dish and not something hidden in the menu.Store is nice and clean, every time I go here, the staff is friendly and we have carried a few conversations.  Food is always excellent, never had a complaint.  The food is a bit pricey though considering that other Greek restaurants in the neighboring towns will offer $6 for the same meal.   Usually my bill goes very close to $10 - $11.  Other than that, it is a solid place to get some Greek food.
4	I was a little skeptical at first to try this place out considering tg e first time we went there the power was out so they were closed.The next time I came was during the lunch rush, and they had it pretty under control. The only thing I didn't like, was the way the tables were set up. Not very much room for a party greater than two. And also, the table was sticky.The food was tasty. I ordered the gyro special, and it was very fresh & tasteful. It was very hot though (not complaining!!) so I had to wait about 10 min to eat it. Definitely would recommend and go again.
5	Taste of Greek is exceptional! We come here at least twice a week because we like the food so much. I usually order chicken gyro and sometimes pita with hummus. I highly recommend this place. The owner is very nice and I believe his son works the register, he is also very nice and outgoing. I work next to another gyro place, but after work I make the drive to this one instead.
3	The food here is very good and fresh. Ambiance is not great but is on par with most Greek restaurants in this price range. I would have given 4 stars, except their website says they are open on Sunday and they definitely are not. I have been by twice to check. Now I see another yelp review that says this was pointed out to the restaurant last fall. This is really inconsiderate to the customers. Seriously, how hard can it be to change the hours on the website?
5	Best falafel ever!
4	They have a high quality gyro sandwich with a great deal for price...$6.75, inlcuding fries and a drink.  Pita is always fresh.  Tzatziki sauce is really a sauce, not just sour cream.  Hot fries are great...and I am not a fries fan.  The guy at the counter taking orders is super gracious on the customer service front.  I hope they thrive in this neighborhood.  We are short of good, reasonably priced restaurants with quality food.
5	Souvlaki plate is amazing!!That's all I was going to say, it said it all.Just in case you want more...The Falafel Pita, Chicken Pita and Dolmas are all all great!:-)
5	We love this place. Great food, always fresh!!!! Same cook every time so the food is consistently fabulous!! For the meat eater: go with the chicken pita. For the veggie lover: go with the Greek salad and the fresh steamed Veggies. Mmm mmm tasty.
5	Amazing Greek Gyro! Thing was huge. And I struggled to finish it! If you love authentic Meddeterrainian, you must stop here.
4	The chicken here is better quality than most. It seems to be marinated in something yellow, but was fresh and reheated on the grill before entering my open pita for the Chicken Pita. Good dose of Tzaztki sauce and I added 50 cents for feta cheese (which should be included). Otherwise, it had all the regular stuff, but this chicken made the difference in sandwich star quality. Only issue is that the sole lunch special is for the GYRO which is normally $5.95. My pita only costs $6.25, but owner gives you drink and fries for about a buck, instead of 3 bucks. Not sure why chicken and any pita cannot be on special for lunch. This is a bit infuriating.l Respect the chicken!
5	Love this place!!  Opa!!  The food is fresh, staff is always courteous and friendly!Try the Gyros sandwich!  Yum!
4	Decided to give this place a shot as I leave near by and see it all the time. The employees who were working were helpful and genuinely nice. The service was quick, and you get to stand and watch them cook your order as you wait, which is both amusing and comforting to see for a 'fast food' type environment.In all, the price was fair and the taste was delicious; comparable or better than any other quick-service Greek places I've tried. If you're in the mood for some quick takeout and want something a little outside the normal cuisine options, don't shy away from this place. Give it a shot.
1	An honest review of the food: it's pretty bad.I had a gyro and it was good/ok. Too much meat, could use a little more sauce, but overall it was not bad.I'm just getting to the bad part.My wife ordered the tabouli salad. She had to spit it out. It was 90% parsley, and it was very, very bitter. Inedibly bad. Took it back to the counter and the man, who was *very* nice and accommodating, agreed to refund our money or give her something else.So the man brought us samples of hummus and baba ganoush.The hummus tasted like a dirty dish rag, and I'm not trying to be funny. My guess is that they cleaned the bowl they made it in with dirty rags and thus imparted a mildew taste and smell. The texture was not like any hummus I have ever had before, more like mayonnaise with no tahini or lemon taste at all. Just awful.The baba ganoush was no better than the hummus. We believe it was simply hummus mixed with a little boiled eggplant. It also has the same dirty dish rag taste and smell as the hummus. Just plain bad.As for atmosphere, well there isn't one. Semi-clean, semi-dirty, dark, with no decorations except for some gyro posters. I'm not trying to be mean, but it's akin to something you would find in Glendale, not Scottsdale.Why one star? Well the man that helped us was very pleasant and refunded our money, plus the gyro was not bad.
5	Great spot in local neighborhood for Mediterranean food. Very fresh everything is homemade and at a very reasonable price. The Gyros are fantastic!
5	Food is always great, we enjoy their gyros and salads. You can add any kind of meat to the salad, their portions are good, the prices are fair. Everything is made when you order it which translates into fresh and warm food.  We just found out their chicken is organic. Always a treat, the owner Steven is very friendly and takes good care of his costumers.
5	Love hummus, falafel, gyros and the like? Come here! You can taste the freshness. Pita Jungle is good, but this is much, much better. Come here to get your Greek food fix, especially if you live/work nearby in Scottsdale Ranch or by the hospital. Despite being hidden in strip mall by Quizno's, Starbucks and Chipotle, it is a real gem. Good service too. Support small business in Scottsdale.
1	Ordered the "grilled veggies " plate to be helathy...an give them a chance over pita jungles version . These were frozen then thawed overcooked greasy soggy veggies. Not ever going back.
1	I went in today and asked the owner if he could not cut the meat so thin and cut it a little thick and he said No, this is how I cut it. I respect that but I will not be returning, he also missed out on a large 237 people catering event for my office.
1	My girlfriend just had her nails done in the same center.  We walked by and ordered a few Gyros to-go.  Got home and we both took our first bites and looked at eachother with the same thought.  These were awful.  Now I know why they were not busy at all.
5	Taste of Greek is one of our all time favorite Greek place in the valley. The pita bread is delicious, the chicken pita sandwiches are delicious (we always add feta to them) and the service is great. Their homemade hummus is wonderful, too!  We always do take-out as we live so close....
4	Place is under new ownership, Gyro Express.  Am sad to see the old owner go, he was really nice and I wish him the best!
3	Ehhh I'm a hummus snob and I'm still determined to find a hummus spot. They put too much garlic in their hummus and the falafels are just okay.
