1	I would give this place 0 stars if i had the chance! This place is so bad, that i signed up for yelp to write how awful this place is! Just a heads up for readers, this is going to be a long review because that's how much i went through i called one day to make an appointment and the gentlemen who picked up told me to come on this day with this one lady. then after i went to work, i realized i got a message from the same guy asking me to come in at a later time so he can take care of me instead. Since i got out of work pretty late i decided to call the next day which i did. Here is when trouble starts.... the next day, i told the receptionist that i got the message from one of the workers and i'm coming at the time that guy wanted me to. when i get there and check in, the receptionist tells me that i'm late to my appointment and i never had an appointment with the guy that i was suppose to have with. so i start explaining to her what happened, and this other h&r block worker interferes and starts talking down to me (raised voice and attitude) and telling me that i missed my appointment with her and im not suppose to switch whenever i want too. OK, this really ticked me off because 1) the receptionist didnt do her job 2) there is no reason to yell and be condescending especially with other customers around. So after that ruckus i sit down with the guy and after everything, this guy quotes me around low 140's for the fee. i told him to hold onto my taxes because i had to wait for my parents to finish theirs.when i got the go from my parents, i set up another appointment for the same guy, and this receptionist was nice and cheery which i thought maybe, just maybe, ill have a better time. NOPE~ i go in and the guy was like "what are you doing here"! seriously, what is wrong with their receptionists! this is the second time they screw up and making me look bad. so again, i explain to him what happened and he tells me thats fine and we continue our business.  So when we were all done, he tells me i owe h&r 188. i started to ask questions like why are u charging me 40-50 dollars more etc etc, and this guy didnt know anything! he kept beating around the bush, explaining that he had to file this one instead, etc, etc. THIS now really pissed me off, because whatever he was saying, was referring to how he messed up the first time and went into my taxes after i was gone to fix it without my consent, and now is trying to cover up for his mistakes.  NOW im so done with his bs that i wrote out the check for 188 and told him to finish up because i want to leave. then he tells me i owe 190 to h&r, not 188 because there is a 2 dollar handling fee. So i gave him 2 dollars since i wrote the check out already. Now on my bank statment, it shows that h&r charged me 190! i understand its only 2 dollar difference but i feel ripped off even more because i paid 192 rather than 140s. its already bad enough they got me less tax return, made me pay  more, and now they charge even more! This place is the worst! i'm never going back and will not trust any other h&r as well because i heard they are all the same!
5	Tax Time is stressful on every one and I should have known better than to show up to do my taxes three days before tax day but since my former employer didn't deliver my W2 until April 12th I didn't have much choice.The staff is very pleasant and they work well as a cohesive unit as they often jump up to help someone sitting next to them with a complicated return. As was my case last year. We had to ask for help from two different specialist and the end result was my biggest refund ever.I do have to call out the Secretary/ Receptionist who I'm sure is a lovely woman but doesn't appear to have what it takes to keep up with the hustle and bustle of the last few manic days of tax season. I showed up made an appointment with on of the experts (receptionist was out to lunch) and she couldn't figure out the appointment scheduling program and just said you will be next. Thirty mins later I had to step out for an emergency and told the expert I would be right back. She said no problem I will remember you. I came back about twenty minutes later and the expert came to the front and told the secretary Virgil is next. Make sure he gets the next representative. 5 minutes later everyone in the waiting room was sitting with tax experts and I was sitting there thinking WTF? Of course that meant I had to wait another 40 mins to sit with my favorite Tax Expert Bill (He did my taxes last year) so I'm not horribly upset about the front desk screw up. Of course when I wasn't given the next representative the receptionist should have approached me and said why or even apologized for forgetting. I would have shrugged that off but in the time I was sitting there she had two people come back and complain about payments they had made earlier in the week showing up in correctly on their bank statements. It only cost my $40 to do my taxes and I will be double/triple checking to make sure I don't get billed twice.The return process was quick and painless. Bill was very informative and answered all my questions without hesitation. He was very quick and and this year got me my 2nd largest refund ever. THANKS BILL YOU ARE THE GREATEST!
1	I typically use Turbo Tax online for my taxes, but since I had some specific circumstances this year, I decided to try out a professional.  I had seen the commercials about "getting my billion back", so I decided to give them a shot.When I entered, an older, and I mean much older, employee came out to greet me and take me back to his work station where he started my tax return.  He was friendly to begin with and maintained that demeanor throughout the time we worked together.  However, he was horribly incompetent.  He could only type one letter at a time with his pointer fingers and was therefore VERY slow.  I had to point out errors he was making numerous times along with how to correct them.  So after spending an hour, yes, an hour, with him, my tax return was less than half what Turbo Tax was gonna give me.  Then on top of that, he wanted to charge me just under $200.  I quickly escaped and never looked back.Went back to Turbo Tax, paid for their extra service which was only $50 and got 4 times what H&R Block said they could get me.Moral of the story: run.  Run far away from them!!!
4	The only reason I give them 4 stars here is Dan the manager.  I put in  a peace of mind claim with. He was friendly and was very personable.  Dan made filing  the claim process easy and made me feel at ease.  I would recommend Dan but only him.
