3	I honestly only go here because one of my best friends is a bartender here (Ashley is the best! :)).  The bar is located on Flamingo and Maryland, in one of the best corners in Las Vegas (as in a high traffic area, not necessarily the nicest area of town), but it's in between a clothing store and an insurance agency, I believe, with no visible advertisement from the street other than the letters on the building.The bar itself is not bad, but the clientele is kind of sketchy.  Definitely mostly old men with odd schedules who gamble, smoke, and drink.  The most entertaining nights to go are when the pool leagues are going on -- that's when I've seen it at its liveliest, with a younger crowd.They recently hired a new cook in charge of the kitchen and the food is made from scratch and actually pretty decent.  Also, the cook is really friendly and personable. One drawback is that it is a cash only bar.  There is an ATM, however, but a bar that does not accept debit cards at a minimum is pretty inconvenient.  The Visa/MC merchant fees are not THAT expensive to even qualify as a reason for not accepting debit cards, as I'm sure if they did, the volume of debit card transactions would make paying those merchant fees worthwhile, but I digress...I also have heard football season is a fun time to hang out there.  It is a Steelers bar, so if you're a Steelers fan, I'm sure you'll be treated like a king/queen.Basically, go here if you're interested in cheap food, cheap drinks, or playing pool.
3	Cheap drinks, search-friendly internet juke, couple of pool tables, and...at least when I was going here a few years back...a very cute bartender.  There was no "scene" to speak of around this joint, which, to me, is ideal.  It was just a place to hang out with friends, meet some new ones, listen to a bunch of great songs, and get pleasantly buzzed after dinner or before a show or just whenever.
5	Cheap Drinks, Hot bartender, Internet Jukebox, Cheap pool and tons of good times. Dont listen to Sara K. she was 86'd for not paying a bar tab so made a fake account just to write a bad review.
5	Live rock n roll and cheap drinks will draw me in every time.
1	Went there to show my friend what a cool place this was and the bartender I think her name was Lindsay charged both my friend and I for all of our drinks after LOSING 70 bucks in less than 40 minutes. I said I had enough and cashed out, then she charged us for both our drinks!! I said I just lost $70 Bucks, she said "you were not playing enough". Really?? Wow, She was very manly and had a rough sounding voice. I said Thats NO problem and paid and left shortly after paying for our drinks. Robby is a awesome bar tender who provides great customer service and I would go there... ONLY IF HE IS BAR TENDING. A TRUE GENTLEMAN. Thanks for the goodtimes Robbie. -Jeffrey
5	If you like Divebars, then this is the place to go.  All the old bartenders, except for a few, are all from my old bar, DIVEBAR.  Hot girl bartenders that swear like sailors, have great chest tattoos (along with great chests, just saying, It's Vegas), great bands come through all the time.  The drinks are cheap, the pool tables are open for business, the jukebox take pictures for goodness sake.  I forget which day is karaoke but that is always fun.  Now for the warning... this is a divebar.  It's not fancy, it's pretty grimy, and there is a mix of certain people and groups.  I'm not saying don't go, of course not.  But if you like fancy drinks and classy joints then please stay away because the regulars will eat you.
2	I wandered into Dive Bar on a Friday night because I had a friend playing a gig here. I literally felt like I stepped into a time machine and was transported back to the 1990s. So much leather, jean vests, plenty of dark eyeliner, tattoos galore, and a lot of dark, dark colors on the patrons, and yes folk, I witnessed Doc Martins. In a bright summer floral sun dress, I stuck out like a sore thumb.I usually don't frequent watering holes. I enjoy dancing and getting dolled up. If I do go to a bar, I don't like them too loud, especially when I have stellar company and want to carry on a conversation.The place isn't rather large. There is a huge bar in the back with seats all around it. There are several hi-top tables (like maybe 6) in front of the stage set up. Not a lot of seating and definitely not good for large groups. The place is smokey, which I expect in dive bars. The drink prices were reasonable. $4 for a vodka-cran is great.The place was loud. So loud that a friend shouting in my ear and I still couldn't hear here. For shows, there is no need for music to be that loud! I was not into the bands these evening, one was rockabilly, the others were more punk rock. Just not my style or mood for the evening. Lack of seating, a very specific type of patron, overly smokey, bathrooms with graffiti on them (the ladies toilet seat, yes the SEAT!, said "C--T DROPPINGS HERE), overly loud, blaring music, and cheap drinks make this a very, very, very stereotypical dive bar. This place is nothing special and I could not wait to get the hell out of here. Thank goodness for cheap drinks and friendly, attentive bar staff are the only reason it's not a complete one star.I won't be diving in to Dive Bar again... EVER.
5	Some people, Sheesh!! What exactly do you expect when you enter an establishment called "DIVEBAR"?!?! That is not a lie!! It's loud, a bit dirty, and will never get a 5star review from a prissy girl in a sundress! But, it's a lot of fun, great food, and if you're a rocker (metal, punk, whatever) you'll have an awesome time!! DIVEBAR means DIVEBAR, DUH! It's always been that way. So if you wander in... order a drink, let down your hair, take off your tie, cut loose and have some fun! :-)
5	Love my DiveBar family!!! Come down and get crazy with us. Open 25/8. Days a week. LolTons of free music/bands always playN here. So come get drunk , crazy & pass out so Joaquin can stack on you. Lol Divebar joke. So 1994 Angie Divebar. Love your faces!!!
4	I walked in and thought I had gone blind... it's dark in there! Once my eyes adjusted it was clear that the name Dive Bar is appropriate. There's a stage, pool table and a big bar with pretty comfortable bar stools. The drinks are cheap and everyone is friendly. This would be a great place to hang out and have a few drinks, play some pool and not care who's there or what you look like.
5	Favorite bar in Vegas
5	Ah, The Dive Bar.You know...I didn't like coming to this bar until about 2 years ago...my best friend started hosting Karate Karaoke there...I started going to support him, and met some really cool, great people.Now..this place is my second home.  The staff are not just staff...they're family.  The regulars too, y'all are family and are stuck with me.Every member of the staff are great bartenders.  Hell, I can even get a fancy Chocolate Pretzle Martini here...not typical of a "dive bar".  Great prices on drinks, heavy pours, and great entertainment.I've seen a ton of great bands here, local and otherwise, that are really super cool people and good musicians as well.If you're looking for a place to meet really cool people, this is the place.if you're looking for a place to drink and disappear, this is the place.  So come on down!  Bring a marker and leave your mark on the graffitied up bathrooms!  Have a drink, have a chat, and listen to some good music.
4	It's a dive bar people! Keep your expectations low. There are plenty of other "dive bars" off Fremont you can go for fancy drinks, better service...with higher prices!That being said, I like this place. Prices are great, drink specials are good, and it's a fairly big place with plenty of tables and room to sit. They keep the lights nice and low so you can just come in take a load off. There's always bikes and classic cars parked outside and interesting characters parked inside. Seen lots of good local music here!
1	"Forgetaboutit"What used to be a cool bar has basically gone straight downhill. It used to be a good place to hear live music from traveling bands, or local bands getting their start ( think Nirvana in their early years before they got famous ) , real punk bands , and sometimes bands that just plain suck but are entertaining. Not anymore. Now it's what bands are left that have not been ripped off, way too loud for the space, and rude and arrogant bartenders have overwhelmed the awesome ones. On a 'good' night you can step over the people passed out drunk on the floor, weave your way into the smashed up non working bathrooms, and stand as far away from the stage and yell to the person next to you about how loud it is. This is not good loud rock and roll, this is so loud that you are walking away with ear damage. If you are lucky you get to see the sideshow of the owner and his " girlfriend " fighting,punching and screaming at each other. Watch, but don't get too close or you will get dragged into it. Don't bother asking for name brand liquor. " Sorry we're out of that " is on tap every night. That's fine if you are a dedicated well drink lover but not if you like the good stuff. No food , despite the pizza signs, and don't bother coming in looking for the people from the "Dive Bar" of olden days. They have been driven off or found better places to work/drink. There are far better places to get your dive on. Go the extra distance to the double down or bar 702.
5	ITS A FUCKING DIVE!! This place rocks! No they dont have the best drinks or clean bathrooms or a good sound system, but this place has character and plenty of them. Nate, Angie and the rest of the crew are awesome!! Never had a bad experience here. As far as I can tell, they dont take kindly to yuppies, trendies and hipsters. Just a dive bar... Vegas style!
1	Horrible. I wasted Halloween there. Staff was so rude and ignored our side of the bar! Facility was grimy and the bathrooms were absolutely disgusting. There was also no warnings regarding the start of the mosh pit, so my friends and I were trampled.  I showered first as soon as I came home. I will never go back there again. Not even if they would pay.
1	Used to be fun, gone downhill, service sucks unless gravy is tending bar. And seems pricey for a dive bar.  Escpecially shots. No food there either. All the fun friendly bartenders are gone sadly.
2	The bartenders wouldn't last five minutes back home.One of the bands seemed halfway decent the night I was there, but whoever works the sound system should be shot because everything is turned up so loud, the instruments drown out the vocals and vice versa.There were a few chicks who may or may not have been good looking because of the dim lighting.  Some hipsters with skinny jeans and rimmed glasses were scattered throughout the bar.  I joined in the hipster fun by partaking in some cheap PBR pounders myself.  However, I was actually drinking them rather than sipping on the same one for 2 hours.And for the dude wearing the Brokeback Mountain jacket, I have to ask, "Are you pitching or catching...?"If you go, talk to Rico.  That's one interesting cat.  (Don't worry, you'll instantly know who he is.)
4	We went to the Dive Bar last night to play. The place lives up to it name. The Bartenders are great, quick to serve and poor strong. The sound is good both on stage and off. If we get invited back I'll play there again.
5	When in Vegas a MUST stop in place !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
5	If you've got a thick (tattoo'd) skin and a thin wallet you can enjoy yourself here.  The staff are definitely the most authentic bartenders in Las Vegas.  The patrons of thee Dive Bar are the most fascinating group of allegiant misfits you could ever wish to befriend.  That is how you will be treated here too, not as a customer but more like a valued friend after a while.  Loyalty is not forsaken.  As long as you are just looking for a good time and are a genuine individual you can find your place here among the regulars.  It will be a fulfilling drinking experience every time.They have fostered some of the most legit bands of rockabilly and punk in this town for many years.  The likes of THE METEORS, AGENT ORANGE, DELTA BOMBERS, MURDER JUNKIES (G.G. ALLENS BAND!) NASHVILLE PUSSY, VOODOO GLOWSKULLS, 3 BAD JACKS, BOB WAYNE, HANK3, SUPER SUCKERS.  Those ones I remember at least.  Best part of the shows are that it's a very intimate stage and the sound system rattles yer bones.This is a "one of one" kinda bar.  The best times of my life happened here.  The best friends I've had as an adult sprang from The Dive Bar too.  If you like the panache' of a fine hand crafted foo foo drink don't come here!  If you like all that ritzy shit go to the Downtown Cocktail Room.  You'll find no false advertising whatsoever.  No pretensions.  No inflation of ego neither.  Very much comparable to the Double Down for locals.  The null point I could say is that it has become much more popular in it's new location.  But, hey?!  That's the point of making a prodigious nerve center of drinking, music and comradery for it's customers.I've been putting this review off intentionally as there is no exact way I could do justice in putting my love for this bar and it's staff in words.  The Dive Bar is not a bar at all, it is a juncture of good times, bad times, lows and highs.  Laughing and crying at the same time.  All this with a drink in your hand and a good band.  Many have found love here.  Some have found themselves here after they have love lost.  Unfaltering, it is a symbol of ragtag punkrock realism wrapped up in a rough packaging that has a heart filled cream filling.  The Dive Bar will always be 5 Stars in my book.
4	Love this bar, cheap drinks,  bartender are friendly enough. Bands are OK. I would return again.
5	The bartenders are amazing. Prices are great, and they make you feel welcome.! Will come back here for sure!
5	This was my first time here. I don't live on this side of town but had a date to hit dive bars so my date took me over here. Place had live bands on this Saturday night, there was a $15 cover to get inside & the place was very dark inside. Music was heavy rock. Place was busy & crowded. Not too many places to sit, mostly standing. They had $4 Coors Light on draft but $10 Ketel & diet. Beer was nice & cold & the male bartender that waited on me was super nice! The crowd was mostly heavy metal/gothic type/dressed people, may be a little scary for some. My date was a big guy so he made me feel safe, though I didn't mind the crowd. Loved the graphite in the girls bathroom all over the walls! Due to the location & music this would be a rare place for me to visit again in the future. The place is very loud so its hard to converse with your guest.The location is in a small mall plaza that seems a little creepy @ night!
5	The Dive Bar is indeed, you guessed it, a dive bar. Although many ideas of what that exactly entails might flood your mind (dark, intimidating, and free of the Black Eyed Peas discography), let me assure you, The Dive Bar retains the best of these traits.First off, it is a punk bar. One corner has a low stage (the way stages should be), and you can bet that loud music will be playing, whether it is live or not, when you enter. It is also very dark and lacks any sort of offending windows where intrusive sunlight can ruin a perfectly good beer at 4pm on a Friday afternoon. This is not at all a bad thing. It all fits the ambiance and is exactly what a dive bar should be: dark and sheltered from the outside world.Drinks are very cheap, especially during happy hour. During said happy hour, all 12oz cans are $2. Yes, you heard me right. After navigating so many crappy Las Vegas bars following my move to town last August, I can finally sleep (and drink) easy knowing that I will not have to pay $7 every time I want to have one beer. But do not expect mixed drinks in the way of a Tom Collins or Long Island, remember, the bartender informed my friend's girlfriend, "think dive."Speaking of the bartenders, I have only been served by one in the last four or so visits, but she (Stephanie) is incredibly nice and always open for conversation. This is where being at a dive really pays off: no snobbery, just good service.I sincerely believe that more people would benefit from visiting bars out of their comfort zone, and The Dive Bar is a good place to start for those unaccustomed to drinking establishments without 34 TVs all playing SportsCenter, while Taylor Swift reminds you of all her bad break-ups in the background. As someone who loves dives and all the charm that they have to offer, I felt more welcome here than at the various other bars in the area with terrible service and high drink prices.Do yourself a favor, go "slumming" at The Dive and enjoy the ride.
2	If crappy is cool than why aren't 3rd World countries flooded with hipsters?, I went to this spot because a band I liked was playing (smile empty soul) The plaza it's located in is shady. They took the name and literally applied it. The crowd that night was a mix of hipster douche, along with frat boy mc douchenstein . There's a pretty cute bartender among the gargoyles. Drinks are fairly cheap service was kinda slow even though they weren't busy. It's a relatively small space so when it gets crowded it's kinda shoulder to shoulder. The PA system was pretty good. The set changes were pretty quick. I probably wouldn't frequent this joint unless there was an event i really admired going on.
