4	Nice and clean! Free wifi ONLY in the lobby.There is hard wired internet in the rooms. Gas station and restaurants close by. Clean and convenient!
4	If you need a place on the north side of Las Vegas and want to stay away from the casinos, this would be my recommendation.  It is quite, clean, and the staff has been friendly and helpful.  Several good restaurants are within walking distance, which is nice at the end of long a work day.  Location is very convenient to highway 95.
4	Four stars for a hotel undergoing renovation at the time I stayed, a hotel that would not be considered luxurious, and a place that is far from pretty much everything in Sin City. I get it - it doesn't make much sense.  Let me break it down for you:The facility: very clean with modern and brand new amenities.  I stayed in a renovated room with a new bed, furniture, couch, and bathroom.  Everything was new and comfortable.  After a lot of travel, it was all welcome.  Wile there was still sawdust in a closed hallway and staff completing the renovation, I can't fault management and staff because it was under construction and I wasn't supposed to be in that hallway anyway.  There is a very clean, albeit small, pool and hot tub in the courtyard that I used.  The people:  the staff at this facility was very friendly and helpful.  Any question I asked, the gentleman behind the temporary registration desk - the regular desk was closed because of renovation of the main entry - was ready to help and eager to please.  The housekeeping staff busy setting up the newly renovated rooms that I passed while walking in the closed hallway were all smiles.The location:  if you are reading this review, you're obviously completely lost or you are purposely seeking a hotel off (far off) the Strip.  Again, this is miles from downtown Vegas and is a very hefty cab ride.  You will find yourself not on the Vegas Strip, but rather, Strip Mall heaven.  Sports Authority, Applebee's, Best Buy, DSW, to name a few stores dot the landscape.  You are, however, not far from Nevada Red Rocks, which has some nice hiking.  If you're looking to get outdoors and experience nature at one of its finest, this is a good location.  If you want a lesser expensive place to stay off the strip and have a rental car, this is a good option for you.  Don't forget to thank the staff.
4	We came here on a whim, power went out at our house, and decided we would just spend the night down the street lol.  Nice and clean rooms,  free wifi and HBO.Rooms have been renovated, so they are up to date and comfortable.Wish they had a mini fridge or something.  Also, the soap is extremely soapy and slimey.  Watch your feet in the shower lol.If you don't mind being far away from the strip, it is a good place to rest.
4	I stayed here several times over the past 18 months.  The staff is friendly & helpful.  The rooms are clean and quiet, and recently renovated.  It has a nice workout room, and both wireless & hardwired Internet. It's right off the interstate and has plenty of dinner choices nearby.  If you are looking for a good place to stay away from the strip, This property is a good choice.
2	No breakfast for soccer teams. We were required to stay here for our soccer tournament (pretty typical) but for some reason, even though we booked with a code for out team they didn't have any record of it and therefore we didn't get the breakfast that they were offering for the other soccer teams. Like it would have killed them to add us in. The rooms are the tiniest I have seen, the pool is small and you are not allowed to eat "outside" food in the lobby or pool area. There are a million signs telling you this. The room is clean and it is close to a lot of restaurants. It's close to the Bettye Wilson soccer complex. I hope to never stay here again.
4	Very nice hotel. The positives are great lobby area with lots of spaces to sit and work or watch the game in TV. Some reviews said wifi only in lobby but had it in my room. Lots of great restaurant selections close by. Ask for list at front desk and many deliver to hotel. The negatives are no free breakfast and limited parking. ( hotel next door has overflow parking) overall I would stay again.
2	Check-in was extra fabulous! The person working the desk was very friendly. Sadly, it kinda went down hill from there. It looks like they've done a fairly recent remodel on this Courtyard, but they skimped a bit on the rooms during the remodel. The bathroom in my room had old outdated floor tiles and crappy plastic on the surround around the tub/shower.They have horrible shower curtains that try very hard to cling to you in the shower which is not a pleasant experience knowing that the curtains have tried to cling to countless strangers in the past. Yuck! The grout between the floor tiles had a fair amount of black mold in it and there was clearly lots of the stuff growing in the pipes in the sink. The stench coming from the sink was godawful and actually got worse when the water was turned on. The restaurants in Courtyards are just blehh. I should have just gone out to get carry out on my first night. I missed a very large chunk of the World Series game waiting for my overly microwaved food. They had only one person working in the restaurant and she was clearly overwhelmed.Upon checkout, I attempted to get the person working the front desk to take me seriously when I told her that they really shouldn't put anyone in that room until they tackle the mold problem, but it was clear from her tone of voice and the look on her face that she didn't particularly care and she thought I was a complaining pain in the ass who she wished would just shut up and leave her alone. I get it...you probably get a lot of complaints, but exposing people who might be sensitive (think severe allergies or asthma) because you can't be bothered to write it down and follow up...that really sucks.And speaking of being a complaining pain in the ass, this hotel has the horrible Marriott pillows that are unreasonably underfilled rendering them uncomfortable and fairly useless.So that's it. The Summerlin Courtyard will not be at the top of my wish list for places to stay when traveling to Las Vegas. In fact, it was bad enough that I will be notifying my company's travel department so that they can consider removing it from our preferred list.
