2	First review for this place...uh oh. One positive: they have good pickles. First of all, the prices are waaaaay high for what you get and the quality. We pulled up to the drive thru (only 1 car parked outside, dining in) and no one in the drive thru. We were asked to "hold on a sec" - after about 3min my husband said "hello?" and we were asked to "hold on a sec" again...after 5 min we were asked if we were ready to order...ummm, yeah. We order and pulled ahead where the girl at the window stuck her hand out for the money, no hello, no nothin'. She gave us the change and said sorry for the wait, it will be a bit for your food. So we waited, and waited and watched a table of 4 inside wait and wait and then get their food. Then, we watched them eat. Ok...started to get annoying at this point, yes I could see them cooking the burgers on a grill so they are freshly cooked but come on! At last...22 min after pulling up to the menu board, we receive our food, where she once again says "sorry for the wait". We drive home (3min away). And unveil....well take a look at the photos I posted. Yikes! My husband's burger Camaro Cheeseburger (2 patties) $5.49 he got with ketchup, mayo, tomato, lettuce was alright, just alright but super sloppy! (You have the option to order mustard, ketchup, mayo, lettuce, tomato, pickle, onion & grilled onion, all free). My burger, the Mustang cheese burger $3.99 (single patty) with ketchup, mayo, pickle, & tomato was bleck. Totally overcooked and black. I even got free black "crunchies" in wrapped up with my burger - see photo. Totally sloppy! We got a chili dog to share/try instead of fries, cause we thought maybe it will be good and wanted to know in case we come back (which won't be happening) since it was they same price to order plain ole' fries. It was slopped all over the paper, hardly any chili, little squirt of liquid cheese, and what there was of it was all over the paper, again see photo! It was alright, not good, alright. I cannot, I repeat, cannot believe it is $3.29 for this!!!! It is small, the same dog as weinerschnitzel for $.99 Cents!!! Total for our order: $13.80. Price it was worth: $7.50. I am sad, I really was hoping for something good here that we would go back to since it is close to us. Oh well. I definitely do not see this places hanging around for long. Sorry to the people who were behind us in the drive thru....hope you aren't still there waiting for your order.
2	New hotdog place near my house. I don't eat beef, but was hoping they'd have turkey dogs or something, but not dice. All beef. I did go through drive-thru to order fries and iced tea. Fries and drink were a bit pricey for what you get. The fries order was a large serving, so that was okay, but the iced tea for $2 in "medium" sized cup was a bit pricey. (For about $1 less in total price, you can Macho Fries & Tea at Del Taco which is more food & tea and the fries are cooked in transfat free oil and less salty.)To that fact, the fries looked like what you'd get at McD's or similar place, frozen not fresh. Thus, they were nothing special and too salty. I had a better experience than April P did in the drive-thru, but for a cute little place that could do something special, instead you get basically the same thing you'd get at most fast-food places. Disappointing. I too was hoping it'd be a cool place to go. Anyone can sell hot dogs and burgers (the little kiosk stand sometimes found outside of Lowes on Eastern has good dogs according to my daughter...). This place needed to be special, but it only looks that way. A shame. I wanted to like it.
5	I am surprised that somebody complained about the cost of the french fries.  if you are really hungry this is the place to go.  great burgers from single patties to quad, d licious hot dogs, and crispy french fries.  wash it down with a milkshake smoothies or soda.  basic menu that is similar to in n out burger.  I ate there twice absolutely loved it along with my son, who gave a 5 stars for the taste of the hot dog.  do not let these other lane reviews let you down, they are obviously wrong.  take my word for it and give them a try you will not regret it.  Oh, and please support your local business and do not go to those corporate conglomerates!
4	A small Burger joint with real good 100% beef burgers (1/4 lb patties), all beef dogs n service. Beats all mainstream, fast food burger joints. The wait of everything being made fresh to order is worth the wait, trust me, I ordered their special burger, thought they forget about me while waiting inside to eat but when the burger arrived, erything that occurred while waiting was forgotten.
4	Just tried Burger dog for the 1st time and we were very happy!  My boyfriend got the 4x4 and I got the single.  Had to try a dog and side of fries too :)  Happily surprised, great burgers, dog and fries.  We will be back.  Also-service was great-super friendly and happy, that really makes my day when someone smiles while they work!
3	Well, I went to try the "Special Burger." Here is how the experience went.I pull up through the drive-thru and was greeted promptly. I already knew what it was I was going to order because of the pictures from another reviewer so I say, I will have the special burger. She then repeats me. "The special burger? She asks. I say yes, the special burger. She then states that has 4 patties and 4 slices of cheese. I say, yup? She then asks what else I would like on my burger. While I am staring at a sign that specifically states what comes on the burger. Lettuce, tomato, onion, and special sauce. So I say, lettuce, tomato, onion, and special sauce. Easy enough, but I was a little put off by this. So my order is complete and I pull forward to the window. At the window the woman was very nice and friendly but the way she was talking to me made me feel like I was a little special (slow.) Now, I know that you should be friendly and it is always appreciated but a smile and a thank you goes along way (I don't think that all the awkward conversation was needed..)Okay, now to the taste.I knew exactly what I was getting into when I ordered a 4x4 burger with four slices of cheese and it came as expected. The burger was juicy and tasty, the cheese was your standard american and the toppings were there. I wish there had been more special sauce as with all the burger that was there the toppings were kind of lost. I would go back  and maybe get the double or triple. Also, after my order was taken it took about 11 minutes for me to receive my food (with no other visible customers). I don't mind waiting this long for fresh food so this was okay. Just added that in there so that others will know that this isn't your typical fast food.
5	Excellent food! Very simple menu and the burgers are squished compared to advertised pictures like most places!
1	Got the Camaro Burger (double). The patties tasted like they did not have any seasoning or salt, they were greasy. The grilled onions were hard, not cooked long enough. The bun fell apart and I would up with a mess all over my hands as I ate the burger.The best part was the wrapper on the burger which had an outside foil which kept my burger hot when i got home which was a first. Great idea. I'm going back to Carl's to get their "Big Carl" burger which is much better and has a lower price.
4	Strange little place, but I liked it.  I found the food to be fresh, hot and delicious.  I would go again. The portions on the fries were huge.                                                      I fear for this business, I never see any cars there.
2	I haven't heard of Burger Dogs I basically was looking for something new in this area and busted out the yelp app. It's a small shop  on the side of Maryland Parkway between Pebble and Wigwam.  You might miss it passing by because it's on it's own on the side of the street.I like the car theme with all the car models and pictures all over. They have a drive thru and a small dining area indoors and outdoors. And they were friendly with great serviceThe food is decent kind of like a Wendy's or a Sonics in quality or maybe less nothing amazing but good enough.  The burgers and dogs are 100% beef and all the toppings are free.  I did the mustang burger (single) with mustard, ketchup, mayo, lettuce, pickles, tomatoes, and grilled onions basically all their toppings.  It was satisfying except the bun was cold. Maybe if it was warm or toasted I'd like it more.  A bit pricey considering I could've gone to this other burger place for an amazing burger w/ fries for about the same price.
4	After a hike to Mt. Charleston and friend and I decided to try Burger Dogs. The location has been many things in the past and I asked my friend if they had visited the establishment since it looks like it just opened and was right around the corner from his house. He had not and since I like to support local businesses so we decided to try it out. Not knowing anything about it other than the name. I thought it was going to be burgers in the shape of hotdogs, but sadly it wasn't (possible new menu item). They serve hamburgers and hotdogs. It was $3.85 for a singer patty burger without cheese. They have varieties up to four patties for the super hungry and don't charge for their toppings. The toppings are what you would most likely serve at a backyard barbeque spread: mayo, mustard, tomato, onion, lettuce, pickle, and grilled onions. We ordered two burgers with everything but mayo and a side of fries. The burgers are a good hearty size and I bonus points for grilling the bun. It did take a tad long in the drive-up but I feel that is expected since it looks like everything was made to order. The fries were crisp but a little over salted and I wish that they used that extra salt to season the burger but those are my only gripes. I will probably go back and at some time try the shakes that boast they are made from real ice cream. A good burger at a good price at a local business, worth the trip.
1	At first I didn't want to go to Burger Dogs because the price of the fries. However, a co-worker brought some burgers to work and offered Me one, although I'd already eaten, I was suprised at how much I liked the fries. My friends said the burgers were good. I went there Saturday, there was one car at the window and I was at the order menu. The Gal came on and said "be right with You", fine. Then, after waiting a while I started keeping track of the time on My dash clock. I waited 4 minutes longer, backed out and went to mcdonalds. Good fries there too. Also, the flier They left on My car about a month ago, didn't have the hours of operation or phone number. Burger Dogs is MIS-MANAGED and will fail.
5	The last 2 times I have been here it's been really good! no complaints at all you get an enourmous amount of fries which are damn near grease free, the hot dogs are extremely tasty and the mustang burger is equally scrumptious. I had no wait time and the staff was really cool! Hint Hint, perfect place if you have the (munchies) ; ) Or even if you don't. This place is far better than Wendy's ,whomever said that must have an affiliation with that franchise as for myself, I will continue to frequent Burger Dogs because simply, it's good.
1	This place is DIRTY!! The floors were slick with an oily substance, you can see your shoe print on the tile, be careful walking! The bathrooms were dirty and the cleaning sheet on the door said the last time cleaned/checked was 7/29!! Today is 9/29!! The windows , doors were filthy and the baskets the food was served in had old, caked on food stuck on them...truly disgusting to have food served in dirty baskets. The burgers were good but sitting in filth made me feel like the food was dirty too. Where is the health food inspector? Makes me sick to my stomach to think about what crud lurks in the kitchen!!!
1	If I could give no stars I would. First of let me just start off by saying this is the first time im writing about a food place I've never ate it. And here's why:So I pick my girl up from work @ 7:30pm(pay attention to the time) and she wants something to eat(I aint feel like cooking nothing). So I was telling about this place called Burger dogs I seen on my way home from work. We decide to try it out only because I noticed they had reasonable prices. We pull up @ exactly 7:49pm. So were looking @ the menu and all of a sudden, out of nowhere without us even placing our order, some stoner sounded dude says "Sorry, burger dogs is closed, we close at 8 now". Me and my girl looked at each other in complete confusing as I backed out of the drive thru and drove away. Horrible service and wont be back to try the food.Note: As we pulled off, we noticed three dudes inside congregating amongst each other as if the weren't at work. Im still confused.
1	I decided to finally give this place a chance today. I am a fan of a good burger and I drive by this place often. It's a Saturday and the place was not busy so I decided to pull in. As I approach the speaker I see the menu that surprisingly looks like the in and out selection with the addition of the hot dogs. They theme the food after cars which is cool but I m and in n out fan and I can see where this is goingThe gentleman comes over the speaker and says be with you in a minute.  Non problem I say and that's when the wait startedThere was one car in front of me at the window and the car was off. I thought for a minute that someone had parked their car and maybe the drive thru was closed.  I finally noticed a guy sitting inside. 10 minutes later and about two minutes after the guy in front of me got his food and pulled away, the gentlemen comes over the speaker and says go ahead. I order the Camaro burger with cheese, fries and a strawberry shake.  All is good and I pull up to the window. 25 minutes later I get a guy at the window handing me a bag with my burger and fries and says. That was a vanilla shake right?  I politely tell him it was strawberry and he says ok and disappears again. A couple minutes later he appears by the shake blender with the phone in his ear and proceeds to make the shake. I can see that there is no strawberry in the blender and thought that this was odd. Then he opens it up and pours strawberry syrup in the blender and continuesI ordered the strawberry shake because the sign says "made the old fashion way". Maybe it's me but the old fashion way would have fruit and not some artificial flavoring...After I get my good I remind the guy at the drive thru that I need to pay and he takes my card. He comes back and gives me a receipt to sign that includes a Tip line...  Really? I hand it back and poof he is gone. One problem.  He didn't give me my card back...After a minute or so he appears and I ask for my card and go on my way.  Like most of us I reach in the bag and grab some fries for the drive home. As I pull out the cold dark brown objects I am amazed!  That long if a wait and the food is over cooked and cold.  I just sake my head and keep driving. Needless to say the burger was just as bad..Do not go here unless you really want to throw your money away. I could and should have driven 4 miles down the road to five guys.  Parked my truck.  Gone inside and got my food and then drove home in the time it took to go thru the drive thru and this sorry excuse for a burger jointNever again
4	I'm with Julie and Jim.  This place rocks!  We're from Kansas, moved to Vegas about a year ago and have yet to find a really good burger.  Well, 5 Guys is amazing, but I like local joints.  Local family owns this joint.  YUM!  Great beef, burgers are made fresh after you order them, the toppings are tasty and generous.  Fries are hot, crispy and just the perfect amount of salt.  Heinz ketchup for us purists.  The only thing keeping this from a 5-star burger is the bread.  It's YUMMY and toasted as it should be, but it's just too thick.  You have to get at least a double to have any hope of balance.  Triple would be best, but that's too much food for most folks.  Get a single, lose the bottom bun and just roll it and eat it with the top.  :)  I'm REALLY happy to have found this place. The cook was awesome, the food was SO tasty, fresh and hot and it's just like what it should be.  Next time, I'll have a chili dog too.
2	Happened to drive by & said ok I'll try it. I went through the drive through because I was on lunch. I pull up to the box which had a signed taped to it saying broken pull up to the window. Also on the menu they had all the sodas crossed out except 3??? (Should have been the first sign) get to the window and no one is there waited a bit and right as I was about to leave someone finally came up. I said screw it I'm already here! I order; which for a regular cheese burger, fries, and iced tea it came to $5.60. Now here came the waiting, and waiting and waiting, I even had a guy behind me who backed out of the drive through and decided to go in to order. Well in all the waiting I was doing I finally decided to look this place up on yelp! (Should have done that 1st) ahhhh the food has finally arrived!! The burger was ok nothing special, fries were kind of bland, the tea was good! But there was nothing for me to say oh gosh that was worth the wait. I won't be back.I only gave it 2 stars because my server was Nice. But the food lacked in everything and the wait is just too long. Nice Try Burger Dogs but I'm not sure how far you'll go!
1	Will never go back again.  After a long day of working in my classroom, I thought I'd try a new place and support local venues.  I pulled into the drive-thru and waited 11 minutes before ANYONE even greeted me.  When I was greeted, it was a very rude "hang on a minute."  After another 5 minutes, he said "what do you want?"  I ordered a single patty, fries and a chocolate shake.  I pulled forward and waited 6 minutes before anyone came to the window to greet me.  When he did he said "crap, we are out of chocolate, all I have is vanilla or strawberry."  I said "vanilla is fine." He went to work.  Another 9 minutes went by and he came to take my money, handed me my food and that was that.  I didn't get an "I'm so sorry for the wait," a "thank you for your business," literally nothing.  I got home and my burger had cheese (which I did not order) it was also burnt on the edges with little black crusties and rather medium in the middle.  The fries were SOOO greasy.  And the price was extremely high.  Please do not waste your time.  It appears as though the long waits despite NO ONE being in the restaurant are a common theme.
2	Honestly, I expected more. Went to this Burger place last Monday. Pulled in, looked over menu and then waited to order. We waited for someone to take our order for about five min! Mind you we were the only people. Then after our order I was shocked at how high the prices were. And then getting our food took another 15 min. The food wasn't all that either. My burger sucked. The gf hated hers. Fries were cold. The shakes were good. I'll try it again, but only for the desserts. And next time I hope the service is faster. Not the Burger experience I wanted. J.Soto
