2	The kiddo wanted to go here for some pizza and games so we went. I have to say this new location is nice inside. The arcade at the old location was bigger. I used to love peter piper pizza when I was a kid. I think it was the cornmeal on the bottom, gave it that crunch. I was disappointed that our pizza didn't have that this time. The boneless wings were good and the pizza was OK, but the kiddo had a great time winning tickets to get a toy at the counter and she ate all her pizza. So mission accomplished. All about the kiddo!!! She's happy and were happy. When we were leaving there was a large group of thug like teenagers and there little group of girls and the were intentionally getting in our way and making it difficult to get out the door and get to our car. I forgot i was at Ghetto-Center. One kid had his pants on to his knees then two other pairs of shorts above that then his boxers sticking out above that. lol There is no way he looks in the mirror and says I look good. Anyway fun for the kid but I don't like the Ghetto-Center area so probably wont be taking the kiddo back there again.
5	Hey just want to say thanks to mark the general manager. I had my sons birthday party last weekend and he was great help. Had us taken care of all the way even though there was like 7 other parties going on at the same time. The staff was great and helpful working really hard to keep things clean. I think sometimes we focus too much and the out side appearance but I was able to see these guys were working hard and still made themselves available to anything I needed and made it easy to have an awesome time with my family and friends to celebrate my sons 3rd birthday so just wanted to say thank you.
4	My very good friend had a birthday party for her son tonight at this location.  The pizza was okay,  a little on the greasy side.  It's the first time in a long time that I had to dab my pizza with a napkin.  Everything else was great.  Chris, the server helping us provided excellent customer service
5	The best PPP in the valley. If they ever mess up something they really care and fix it right away. Props to the management team!!!!
4	I enjoy this place for the lunch buffet.  For production pizza I enjoy this pizza the most over Pappa Johns, Domino's, and Pizza Hut.  Price is fair for what you get.  Only thing that troubles me is that I have seen people walk right in, go to the dining room area and then procede to the buffet line to help themselves without paying for anything.  There really does not seem to be any type of system established to prevent this type of thing.  I mentioned it to one of the managers one time but he seemed like he didn't care about it much.  His attitude was rather concerning.  Other then that  I am pleased with this place.
2	just got a Peter Piper Pizza for the 1st time in awhile.  I don't know what happened but the crust IS NOT the same.  TOO BAD.  won't ever go back again.  i grew up in the Valley and I have never had a PPP like this.  the cheese is different, the crust is different.  WHY WHY WHY??? the wings are SORRY.
5	Bomb again!!
3	Peter Piper Pizza at this location is legit as it is huge but with all the space you think they would enlarge their gaming area as there was too much seating but maybe they have lots of parties I don't know but this is definitely one of the bigger Peter Piper Pizza's in Phoenix.  We scored a great deal 2 Lg Pizzas and 8 breadsticks for just $19.99 this location also has pizza buffet from like 11AM to 3PM Mon-Fri.
4	= = = = = =  WEEKDAY LUNCH BUFFET!  = = = = = =Finally resisted the pull of the many other Buffets here at Metro Center to try this big Peter Piper.  The dining room is nice and offers comfortable booth seating as well as tables, but it was a little cold inside this morning & there was a bit of carpet-needs-cleaning smell back near the game area.  (Minus 1 Star.)There were 14 items out on the Buffet as I started with some of each of their tossed salads, "Classic Caesar," "Garden Ranch," and "Apple Harvest."  All three were good.Passing on the bread sticks, it was onto selecting from the 10 constantly changing varieties of pizza, each served up piping hot from the oven, loaded with lots of REAL MOZARELLA CHEESE, and generous amounts of tomato based sauce on the varieties that called for it.  There was also enough meat on the pizzas that were supposed to have it, & it tasted like meat.     :-)This Peter Piper is holding its own against all the competition in this Buffet mecca, and this was an excellent lunch for the money at only $5.49!     :-))
5	The people here are wonderful! They helped host our party for Make-a-Wish and were so generous and kind. They were attentive to our needs and helped make it a very wonderful, positive experience for the wish kiddo and their family.
2	Yuck!! What happened to the pizza?Hubby and I usually love Peter Piper pizza but not the other day. Showed up for lunch  buffet on a Wed. All the pizza slices we tasted seemed off.  The crust was like cardboard but greasy at the same time.The sauce was not flavorful like in the past. And the cheese wasnt good either. The pizzas all looked as though the sauce and cheese had been stirred together and then smeared on the pizza. Weird. Perhaps the smell we noticed when entering was a warning. If this is a recipe change it is not a good one. The quality of the pizzas has deteriorated. Beware!
1	The manager, Steve, was very rude. I was asking for information about parties and he said he couldn't talk to me until after the dinner rush was over. I totally agree but the way he said it was very arrogant. When I asked his name, he said, "Steve, and have a great night." I then said I would still like to talk about the party he just turned around and kept walking. This is the way your treated when you want to spend money at their establishment. :)
3	Lunch buffet. Always hit or miss. A lot had to do with the employees and people there. Sometimes the pizza is amazing and something I just eat a lot of salad. Bathroom didn't have napkins or toilet paper. A couple machines took my money and didn't turn on. Told someone and was told they would eventually get to it. Nothing happened. Overall ehhh but it's always a gamble anyways.
2	We came in to have pizza and wings with friends and family. The majority of people come in for the lunch buffet during the week.  On the weekends this place can be very crowded and lines extensive waiting for food. The staff needs to be trained in customer service as a girl threw an order of wings at us and they can't keep orders straight. Soda fountains don't work, there are dirty plates stacked about 20 plates high above all the trash cans, and when you order food the staff does not even offer plates for you to eat off of. When we received our order of wings, they were cold. Customers are even going around and cleaning the tables. This place needs help.
1	The manager openly cursed in front of a 9yr old's birthday party family members. He was a jerk and was basically shoving the family out of the tables, not giving us any time to even find a new table. He was a total ass. And the cashier was a complete bitch. Her attitude was disgusting.Definitely gonna head to a different place next birthday party.
2	I have ate here a lot and got it to go. Today we ordered my pizza and wings TO GO and they marked it dine in. So my wings came out 10 mins before pizza was done. Making my wings get cold as I waited for the pizza to get done.
4	I think this is the best PPP I've been to. It appeared to be the cleanest PPP I've visited in a while. Lots of fun stuff for the kids, besides some very kid-friendly food. They also have salads, wings, and alcoholic drinks for the adults ;-) We had a large group of people. It was so easy to order, pick up our food, purchase tokens, visit with others, and have fun with the kiddos on all the games. The games offer tickets so the kids can cash in their tickets for prizes. Also, the pizza and salads were pretty delicious. I think the wine was a bit pricey at $5 for a smallish cup and it wasn't that great.
3	Kiddie zone: not my usual scene!We decided on this spot for our nieces weeknight family celebration.  She loves pizza and games so we thought why not?Met up & just got a pizza and played some kiddie "beer" pong, skee ball, and the game where you trap a light in the arches to win the jackpot tickets.  They also have a game where you sit on a toilet and squirt water at  "dirty feet".  We did enjoy these games even as adults.The kids here were a wide age range starting at barely walking to grown adults duking it out with a mini basketball.  Even though we were here on a Wednesday this spot was poppin.  The crowd was friendly even neighboring parties with sweet family members saying hi. One little girl did bump and make my baby niece fall when she was at the entrance to the slide.The pepperoni pizza was slightly better than frozen... The "hand tossed" crust must have been tossed at the factory because it was obviously not made on the premises by an italian man.The soda fountain had coke zero which went nicely with the pizza.  Super clean and stocked bathrooms.  I deducted 1 star due to there being a dried tomato chunk in the jar on Parmesan.  Gross!
