5	I almost couldn't sleep last night out of excitement for the great review I planned on giving Jamie after I saw the photos she shot of me and my best friends' bachelorette group in Vegas!I was referred to Jamie by one of her fellow photographer friends (who I had found on Yelp) and am so thankful I found a true, talented photographer to do this shoot--a gift from me to my best friend--justice.Jamie was an A+ communicator leading up to the weekend of our trip, as I emailed her every once in a while with ideas for shoot locations, requests for suggestions, etc. Despite booking her weeks ahead of time, the weekend came and I was still at a loss over where to do the shoot. Our hotel wasn't too fancy and a bit far from the main strip, so I was struggling over the logistics of how we would get into town and shuttle everyone from one place to another, all while dragging Jamie along. It got stressful, so the day of the shoot the girls and I finally decided that it would be best to just have her come to the hotel for some fun pics of us getting ready for the evening and popping some champagne. And through all of this, Jamie was perfectly patient. She didn't know til that afternoon where it would take place, but was still able to meet me promptly at the hotel and got to work immediately. I was still so nervous about where and how we would do the photos, but Jamie took the reigns, had great ideas and we all had an absolute blast. My friend's bachelorette weekend was amazing and Jamie's work is like platinum icing on the cake! She captured amazing photos of us girls and has left us all nearly speechless. If I could give her 100 more 5-star reviews, I would!
5	Jamie and her assistant Jessi were amazing!  I don't know how my wife found her online but I'm so happy she did!  I live in MI so it's a bit of a gamble when choosing a photographer on the other side of the country.  We were a little nervous since these photos were for our wedding.  Contacted some other photogs before we found her but they were wishy washy to say the least.  Jaime was top notch from start to finish!  Kept in constant communication before, during, and after the wedding.  She also wasn't one of those photographers you hear about that take 6 months to a year to get your photos.  I think she had ours processed within a month, maybe even sooner.  After we ordered the pics arrived within a week as well.  I simply cannot say enough good things about her.  Her prices were also excellent.  I would have gladly paid more for her caliber of photography.  No one should have any doubts hiring her for any event that you need a photog for.-Todd R.
5	Jamie is a very talented photographer and we were so fortunate to have her photograph our wedding.  She is extremely professional, flexible, creative, responsive, and very kind.  She perfectly captured the essence of our day through wonderful candid shots and artistic, well-posed formals.  I couldn't recommend her more highly.
5	Talented. Calm. Efficient. Professional. Punctual. A blast.The list could truly go on when I think of Jamie and my experience with her. She took pictures for my sister's Bachelorette party in Vegas...and the experience was INCREDIBLE. She showed up early, surveyed the room and I'm sure was planning on the best way to take pictures. She took phenomenal pictures of the decorations, us girls, had a plan ready to go, and delivered beyond our expectations. For ANY event you have in Vegas (vacation, wedding, bach party, etc)..I HIGHLY suggest getting Jamie to capture some of those moments. She has you finished in an hour, but the pictures seem like it was a 3-4 hour shoot. People are still contacting me about how great the pictures are.Jamie you rock! Everyone else--you would be a fool to not hire this talented lady!
5	At the end of the day, all that really matters is the photos! And Jamie's are incredible! We were extremely pleased with ours, and all the others we've seen of hers look amazing too.We travelled to Vegas from the UK, for what started off as a holiday, then ended up being our honeymoon when we decided to get married there before our US road trip.As well as being a great photographer, she was very quick and helpful at corresponding with us (via email) whilst we were trying to arrange it all. She helped us with recommending the officiant, hair and make-up people and suggesting locations etc - she really went above and beyond! Then on the day she was great, and made us both feel very relaxed, especially for two people who don't really feel comfortable in front of the camera.All in all, couldn't recommend her enough, and we were very lucky to have found her!!
