4	I was sad to see that the Good Ol' Days Cafe/Diner had closed... Not that I went there daily, but it had been an Arboretum staple for me ever since I moved to Charlotte way back in the day. Pleasantly surprised that in its place was a Sonny's.  Yes, it's a chain that spans over a couple states, but I've never really had any issue with the fact - I know some BBQ purists are rolling over in their graves as I type this review, but there is a reason why there are so many Sonny's locations.Don't come here semi-hungry!  There is a lot of food to be eaten at this place.  I opted for the special (on a Tuesday night) for the all you can eat ribs.  The first batch were a little tough, but the 2nd batch fell right off the bone.  There are a plethora of sides (or on the menu:  "Side-kicks") to choose from, I went with the corn on the cob and the mac and cheese.  Needless-to-say... my fingers and mouth area were totally covered in sauces by the time I was done.Since this location is brand-spanking new, the dining area is super clean and the tables are very shiny.  It was like a high end country saloon with a nice bar in the middle of it.  Because of the shape of the space, there are other little dining room nooks where tables were, but we opted for the high top near the bar.Would I go out of my way to go to this restaurant?  Maybe not, but it's a good option whenever I am in the area.
4	Got to have that sliced pork and the wonderful salad bar:-) love me some sonnys
2	Poor Sonny's. I remember when this was one of the few BBQ places to go to in the area. It was once a mighty chain restaurant in the area but they've shrunk down to just a few. Other BBQ restaurants have given them a run for their money.  Sonny's used to always work for me in a pinch, when I didn't want to have to travel too far for some of the older places (Old Hickory House, Bill Spoon's).I've been spoiled by some of the newer ones (Midwood, Sauceman's), so making a return to Sonny's after frequenting the others makes for a lackluster experience.The food is just no match. It's like the old adage "why have a hamburger when you can have a steak?". BBQ is so-so but I do like that you can get more flavor out of them with their varieties of sauces. Sides are alright but are made better elsewhere. The salad bar is still one of the best in town, if that's your thing. Their sweet tea is still great and very nearly made it into my top 5 list of best sweet-tea http://www.yelp.com/list/summers-here-top-5-sweet-teas-charlotte. The service is good.I can't stand this location. The Arboreteum was never a well-thought-out-plan for a shopping center. The parking and traffic in the area is HELL ON EARTH. Did you know it was originally planned as a mall? The area locals put the kibosh on that plan.It almost pains me to give this place a 2 star review. We had some good times. I will probably be back one day but I will get my real BBQ fix elsewhere whenever I can.Your pal,Walter
2	When I moved to Charlotte, (being a BBQ fan) I was excited that a BBQ place was so close to my new apartment. It didn't take long for us to head over to try out Sonny's. Unfortunately I discovered that we'll have to search a little more to find great BBQ. It wasn't bad, but my fiance and I were both unimpressed. We don't eat out that much, so when we do, we want to make sure that it's really worth the trip. Unfortunately, this place wasn't and I am still on the search for that great BBQ place in Charlotte.
1	Sorry, but I believe Sonny's BBQ is the worst BBQ that I've ever tasted. The ribs, very dry... Chicken absolutely tasteless.  Cornbread (if you can call it that) was so heavy.. More likely used as a weapon.  What a Shame!!!
4	Had the sliced beef brisket combo.  Sandwich was really good!! Look forward to returning soon.
3	Talking straight food... I love the pork BBQ, cole slaw has a weird taste, my baked sweet potato last time was burned, they shouldn't have served it, baked beans are good, fries ok, cornbread is really not cornbready at all, but good taste, garlic bread was kinda soggy. We did take-out and they totally forgot one of our sides!!! I'm not driving back to get it either cause it was another cole slaw and it's not even that good. But I will call to let them know they should double check their orders! Overpriced for the overall quality of food, but I like their pork BBQ, and I may go back for just that, but wouldn't really recommend someone eat there.
1	GROSS. My fiance told me it was so-so but the place I wanted to go to was already closed (Sunday night). I should have listened. The beef "brisket" was a flavorless pot roast and tasted like it had been cooked in a crock pot or boiled. Seriously. The mac & cheese had no flavor and tasted like hospital food. Golden Corral's version is better and I am NOT a fan of them at all. The cornbread had a good flavor but was too heavy and undercooked. The dry rubbed wings were fried The outside was crispy and flavor was decent but they were EXTREMELY fatty and that grossed me out. The only good thing was our soda from the fountain. Don't waste your money here. Go to Mac's Speedshop (LOVE THEM) Their wings are to die for!!
2	Hadn't been to a Sonny's in about 10 years. Now I am reminded why. The food was cold. It isn't difficult to keep food warm. Throw it in a microwave! I wouldn't know the difference! Also the pulled pork was very greasy. Almost waxy. I'm sure the waxy parts could be attributed to temperature (cold!). The salad bar has decent, sometimes odd, options, but there were things like egg salad dropped into cottage cheese and some pink marshmallow fluff? Not really appetizing. Don't get the cornbread. It was a cold, gross tasting brick that was raw in the middle. The fried okra appetizer is the size of a single side serving. Anyway. The service was spotty. We asked for refills and they brought us the wrong drinks in to-go cups. No one seemed to notice the obviousness of our dissatisfaction. Full plates, yet signing the check....... Our server was nice enough but it was just not worth spending money on ever again.
4	Pulled pork is delicious, food has always been served hot, service is friendly and attentive! My only complaint would be the location- the old building had lots of windows and natural light, and an open layout; this location lacks those.Still a NC classic!
3	Pretty good consistent BBQ I always get ribs and they do have really nice Mac and cheese ..we also like the salad bar it is one of the best salad bars ..the pulled chicken sandwich was a little dry and boring ...the kids did like the slice pork sandwich ...over all OK not my favorite BBQ place in town but I'll rank it as decent BBQ
3	Don't know why the address says Quail Hollow ..this restaurant is in the Arboretum. Anyway, usually OK BBQ with good service.  However my wife orders the pulled chicken sandwich, and it came this time with quite a bit of gristle.  So beware if you order this item. Never had a problem with the pulled pork.
4	Had an early dinner there the other day.  My friend & I got different items so we could test more items since neither of us was ever here.The ribs were great - perfectly cooked. The sliced pork & chicken were good - not slathered in bbq sauce.   Sides were beans (too much bbq flavor for me), ear of corn, & cole slaw (good, not too much mayo).  Cornbread muffin was good, but the garlic toast looked like a piece of old French toast - soggy, not crisp.  The salad bar was somewhat small - only iceberg lettuce & some spinach.  Ok, for an add-on, but not sufficient for a meal.
