5	La Perla.... sigh... this lingerie is just so classy and glamorous (not to mention expensive)! If you like intricate laces buy La Perla. This lingerie line is just sooo pretty and will be with you for a long time. Invest ladies... be sexy!
5	My weakness?  Gorgeous lingerie and ridiculously high-heeled shoes.  So, when I saw this store on the Forum Shops horizon, I couldn't pass it up.La Perla is the mother of all lingerie shopping experiences.  Not for the masses (Victoria's Secret, I'm looking at you), but I'm sure that any woman could find something delicious to wear here.The down side?  $$$$$.  Yes, folks, you will pay over $100 for a single bit of lace and silk that will caress your gentle lady parts.  While I wouldn't stock up on my underlovlies here, it is definitely a place to splurge.  So, I did.
5	La Perla is the Dom Perignon of lingerie.  Seriously.  If you crave luxury and beautiful things, then you have come to the right place.  Pair your gorgeous La Perla with pearls, couture and of course heels.   If you follow these recs, you will never go wrong.  Trust.  ;)
5	Having made it my mission to visit every La Perla store I come across (hmmm...perhaps I should trek to Italy and go to the original) I of course had to stop here while in Vegas.  This La Perla is very different from others I've been to- it's DARK.  All red and black.  Turns out this is one of their Black Label stores, which is the more naughty line from La Perla.  Very fitting for Vegas.  Staff is very warm and friendly.
5	Review by Sheila:*Sigh*.... La Perla... It calls my name and whispers to me...SexyProvocativeLuxuriousRomanceFantasiesThe ultimate luxurious lingerie! The fit is perfect, the lacy fabric is soft, the look is hot, the feeling a little naughty paired with my sexy Loubatins! I own it! * breathe* but I still want more... I'll come again, and again and again..*Sigh*(`'*.//(*_*)\\.*')(Note from Dave: whew... is it getting warm in here?)
1	The previous season collections are in my opinion a definite step down for la perla not worth the price tag , but the reason I'm giving the store one star is the mindblowing incompetence of the sales stuff member that I was dealing with. I have been wearing la perla for years. On a recent trip to Las Vegas, I took the opportunity to visit the store. I was greeted by a good looking youngish lady with a foreign accent. She asked me what size I was, and I wasnt sure, since I lost a little weight. She took a look at me and said:"you're 36". I said: "well, I usually wear 34 or 32," referring to my agent provocateur and eres bras, respectively.  I wear 32 in la perla.She said, unphased: "Our bras run smaller than others in america." HUH? First red flag. La Perla is known to run large compared to other high end lingerie.It did go down hill from there. The sales assistent came across as rude and condescending.  I tried a whole bunch of ill fitting bras that we're not appealing to me, even though I clearly communicated my preferences and fit issues, of which the sales assistent was blissfully oblivious. It appeared that I knew more about their merchandise than she did. Finally, I asked to see a specific bra. As she put a size 38 band around my 28 inch ribcage, she tighetened the straps. I pointed out that they're digging rather severely, and she said (and I quote):"YOU GET SUPPORT EITHER FROM THE BAND OR THE STRAPS"Perhaps there are women out there who are not aware that putting too much pressure on the straps causes severe neck and back pain, contributes to headaches and can even lead to damage of an important nerve. But coming from a person selling bras, this is simply atrocious.At this price point, one would expect well trained, knowledgeable staff. A sales assistant whose only attributes are a sleek hairstyle and foreign accent just doesnt cut it.
5	Five stars for customer service and quality!!! I don't have a La Perla boutique near me and I was looking through the website in hopes of helping myself find the perfect bra. Confused, I called the Las Vegas store thinking they might be snobby. But to my surprise, Chasity was the friendliest sales associate I have ever came across. She offered to look through bras with me over the phone, suggested items that would be most suitable for my size, and even knew everything about these items. She is a true La Perla expert. Thanks to her, I have two beautiful bras to add to my collection and many more to come!
