5	I had a $4.99 coupon so I didn't expect much.  I got a hairdresser named Emily, who understood the weirdness of my hair--lots of chemical treatments for cancer left my hair damaged and frail, but still long.  I wanted a new hairstyle--again, $4.99 coupon in hand, so not expecting much.  She took a huge chunk of time to help decide what would look best with the way my hair lays, what angles would give it more body, how bangs (haven't had those in 20 years) would look and lay.  I LOVE my haircut, and it's perfect when I follow her suggestions on where to part it.  Super impressed. No upsale on products so I never felt pressured, genuine greeting, very gracious when tipped (remember to tip on full regular amount when you have a coupon!).  I'll definitely be back and request her and refer her to my friends.
4	It's a nice, clean salon with very reasonable prices.  My hairdresser was a nice lady, who gave me exactly what I asked for as far as a haircut.  I was even given a little price break because I was a new customer.  The only reason I don't give it 5 stars is because I wish they offered color and waxing also.
5	Great clips has been a savior since I arrived from California. The personnel is friendly and the haircuts are awesome. Thank you Rosa and Great clips for the service that you provide
5	My USAF boyfriend drives past 3 or 4 other Great Clips salons to get his hair cut here by Emily. When I ask him why he doesn't just go to the barber shop on base he told me "I don't want a military haircut, I want a regular haircut." Whenever he gets a haircut from anyone else (no matter how much nicer the salon is) he goes home and trims his bangs or they start the fade too high (like a military cut is supposed to be) so he's unhappy. For me, I'm happy with the selection of hair care products, I used various products from Paul Mitchell and Redken (the blowout cream/gel is life changing!) so if I'm low on shampoo I can pick some up when he's in the chair- but they don't have a wide selection or value bottles. Still, Emily deserves every one of the 5 stars he gives her.
2	Boyfriend had his hair cut by Rosa this time since Emily wasn't in. Big mistake. He came home and I immediately began laughing at the horrendous mess on his hair; she faded his hair much higher than he asked and the top was really choppy. We went to Emily the next day to fix it. Don't go to this place without asking for her.
1	I've been getting my haircut for years with Rosa and I have brought family and friends and everybody loved her. We all use to go together to get our haircuts, Rosa made it fun at Great Clips.I CALLED IN THE OTHER DAY AND SHE IS NO LONGER THERE. I will have to inform my family and friends the bad news. We will need to find us another Rosa who will take care of us. I'm no longer going to GREAT CLIPS.
4	Took the boys in for haircuts and they were seated almost immediately. This location is a little further for us, but seems to be worth it. The line was too long at the other place. Both stylist were friendly and did a good job. Looks like we'll be back. Great job Great Clips.
1	I took my boys to get their haircut here for the first time we usually go to cool cuts but decided to give this a try we got called by a african american lady with really short hair she didn't ask me how long I wanted my son's hair she just started snipping away I told her I don't want it too short and she starts arguing with me saying shes been doing this for 13 years and how I should have told her how long I wanted it!!! She didn't even ask!!!! I cannot believe she said that to me I told her to get my son out of the chair I was not going to put up with her nasty attitude so I had emily and another lady cut my boys hair they where great but throughout the stay she kepts talking about me with another client she had and just giving me an angry glare the whole time I don't understand how someone can be so nasty towards a paying customer. Only reason im giving it 1 star is because emily did an amazing job.
5	I went yesterday to get a hair cut and style, Emely did so great. She gave me tips for my dry scalp etc. she was very professional and nice. I think it's a nice salon. Prices are normal. I paid $35 for haircut and style plus the tip I left her, so you be the judge of that.
