1	I'm not even a picky person...  I've had many bad haircuts in my life...  You just suck it up and go someplace else the next time.But the person did such a terrible job that I had to come back in because she missed an entire part of my head.  Wow...I'll still visit Sport Clips, just not this location.If this person continues to cut hair, I may have to invest in hats.
5	been coming to this location for years.  great service and a good cut for a very reasonable price.  I always get the MVP that comes with hot towel service during the shampoo, sitting in a massage chair and them a shoulder/back massage after.  You can't beat that for about $20!Bridget is da bomb there, I go once a month for my fix.  buy a season pass and you get 6 mvp's for the price of 5.
1	Literally the worst hair cut experiencer of my life. I went in yesterday for a cut on my way to a business meeting. I told the stylist Nicole (who is also the assistant manager)I wanted a close fade, 2 on the top down to skin around my sideburns, high and tight, but with a clean fade between the two lengths, no visible line. She did an overall good job yesterday, but was struggling getting the right side and back of my head cleanly faded. When I got home and washed up later I noticed it was still patchy on the right side of my head and also that she had squared off my hairline on the right side of my face and rounded it on the left. I went back today to have it touched up and it was Nicole again who ended up doing it. She fixed the patchiness on the right side of my head but completely botched fixing my hair line so bad that's it's actually about an INCH HIGHER and V Shaped now on the left side of my face. She apologized, offered to take the other side up higher to fix it, which i devolved as it already looks bad enough. Also offered a free shampoo which I also declined. I kinda felt like asking for my money back, but I was so mad I just left.
4	I  always get treated right at this location. The employees have been kind and friendly. Most importantly they know how to do male hair. Most hair salons don't. I'll be back next time.
1	My husband and son have had their hair cut here for years, but no more.  The cuts have been fine, but their business practices leave much to be desired.  They constantly change their marketing/incentive programs, and refuse to honor what they had in place before.  Last year they advertised in both the Mountain View Football and Wrestling fundraiser cards, and then refused to honor the terms that were on the cards.  "We're sorry, it should've stated this _________."  Today, I went to offer a punch card that already had 5 punches on it (need 6 for a free cut), only to be told they don't use them anymore, and they wouldn't honor it.  So, we paid for 6 haircuts with the promise of a free one in return, and now.... nothing.  I asked for the owner's contact info, which they wouldn't give me.  They took my name and number instead and promised to get back to me.  We'll see if that happens, but I'm not holding my breath.  My husband starting going elsewhere about 4 or 5 months ago, but I continued taking my son here purely out of convenience.   No longer, though.  I'm tired of the bait and switch.
