4	I had an awesome experience at this particular store. The staff is knowledgeable about the products. The kicker here is the products perform as well as they are described! Try the Modern Friction for skin softening. Or the Peace of Mind for stress relief.
2	Yay for getting coupons in the mail for $10 off because it's your birthday! Boo for not being able to use it because the store is out of stock and makes you go to the Origins in Belk and Belk doesn't accept the coupon.By the looks of the intro, you can tell what kind of experience I had. Not a fan. However, this harsh review isn't based on one experience alone. I have stopped by the Origins store repeatedly in hopes to restock my "Underwear for lashes" that I have grown to love over the past decade. Most of the time, they have not had the products I have wanted (lip glosses included). Then they offer to call Belk or ask that I go there to get the products. I did that at least twice and the second time there wasn't anyone there at the Belk Origins because she was on vacation. (Side note: how do you not get coverage when an employee goes on vacation?) Frustrating to say the very least. The employees are friendly and it's not their fault that they don't get enough shipment in...let's just hope that the company steps up their stock. If you have the time, the employees are happy to show you the latest products, especially the exfoliators and lotions. Also, the products are worth believing in: no parabens, sustainability, recycle, etc.
4	I think Origins has some of the best skin care products on the market.  I've been using their cleansers and moisturizers for years.  I think 'checks and balances' is their top selling cleanser, it's great on the skin and will last forever as you only need a little for a good cleaning.  Another one of my favorites is the 'spot remover'......miracle in a jar for any type of bump or blemish.  Other than this store and Belk Southpark the products tend to be hard to find in a store.  They usually send coupons around the holiday which is great because their products can be pricey.
5	My last visit to Origins was fantastic! The employees were very friendly and helpful. One of the sales girls spent at least a solid 30 minutes with my friend and I. She gave my friend a mini facial and applied her make-up. She explained in detail which products would work best for our skin types and told us they could even ship products from their store location free of charge if we needed something they didn't have at the moment. I was especially excited to hear this last piece of news because I normally order all of my products online and I have to hunt for coupons for free shipping. They'll let you try anything you want in the store and they'll even apply it for you. And the best part for me is peace of mind knowing Origins doesn't test on animals. Their skin care products are great and I love their make-up. This location takes care of all of my beauty necessities.
4	Origins has some awesome products. I highly recommend the Modern Friction face exfoliator and the Vitazing moisturizer. The employees at this store have always been super helpful. They are always willing to give you a *free* mini facial. If you have 15-20 minutes to spare, I recommend getting one done. They will sit you down and cleanse, exfoliate, treat, and moisturize your face. They'll walk you through all the steps and make recommendations for you. Make sure to ask for some samples of your favorite items to try at home. My only complaint... The prices on the items are a little high and the employees can get a little pushy about making a purchase.
4	Secret: I love this place.  Take your typical dude who is clueless when it comes to gift-giving and other social conventions.  Let's call him Tan C., no relation to yours truly... Tan C. needs to find a gift for staff appreciation week.  He furtively stumbles (yes, it's possible) his way into Origins - he looks like a fat kid in a candy store (he is enjoying looking around but imagining that people around him are judging him).  Tan C's immediate snap-reaction is looking for help.  A delightful sales chick helps Tan C. pick out a gift.  She packages it up - delicately and beautifully.  Fast forward - the gift is well-received.  If Origins can help a poor soul like Tan C., I'm all for it.  Solid product (so I'm told), fine prices (little high-end, I think?  If not, y'all ladies need to make a lotta cheddah), and amazing service.(dmo out) (Could I use more paren?)
