5	Oh, Jessica Knits, how I wish you were CLOSER.  If I didn't have to drive all the way to North Scottsdale to see you, I could buy another skein of yarn while I was there!Prior to the arrival of Knit Happens, Jessica Knits was THE nicest knitting store in the Valley.  Don't lament, it is STILL 5-star and STILL on a par with Knit Happens.  (Okay, maybe even higher.  I'm just giddy that Knit Happens just opened and is so close and easy to get to.)Jessica Knits sells only THE highest quality products.  AND they are the ONLY store in the Valley (OR TUCSON) that carries this much Rowan product.  For that, they get six stars.  Their website boasts "Jessica Knits is excited to be your Rowan Stockist for Phoenix and the East Valley."  That they are.  But don't leave out Twinkle, Teva Durham, Louisa Harding, ggh (yay!), Colinette, I could go on and on.  Check out their website for their product list: www.jessicaknits.com.They have an EXHAUSTIVE selection of books and patterns.  The first time I went there, I brought this embarrassingly long list of pattern books I wanted to look at.  Seriously, there were over 30 titles.  They asked me if I was looking for anything in particular, and I shyly blew it off and said, "Oh just looking for a couple of books."  She just about snatched the list from my hand and told me to go look around, that she would find any and all books they carried, and start me a stack at the table to look at.  Oh my God, I love this place!!!  I pored over books and she kept bringing more to me.  I felt like Morgan Freeman in the library in "Seven"... (only Bach's "Air in G" wasn't playing...)Okay.  Their stuff is beautiful.  I've purchased gorgeous Colinette Giotto there, Elsebeth Lavold Silky Wool, Rowan of course, AND they support my super chunky habit (they carry Twinkle).  Made a super cute purse with some Cascade Magnum.  Staff is AMAZING.  The store is small, but very shop-able with the amazing amount and variety they have.  Definitely get on their email list as Megan M. said, to hear about trunk shows and specials.  They actually have great sales, too, where you can find some steals.   I know it's a drive, but seek out Jessica Knits.  It is fabulous!  WARNING: check their website for when they are open - they have weird hours, especially in summer.
3	I have only been to Jessica Knits once and I will be there again, but not for a while.  First of all, I need to make sure I have plenty of money to spend on the high-end yarn.  Her inventory of higher-end yarn is unparalleled, there is no doubt about that.  Her store is very well organized and her library is incredible.  Here's why I am giving Jessica Knits 3 stars as opposed to 4.  The owner and her staff person seemed very uninterested in helping me or my friend.  She knew it was our first time in and didn't make it a point to make us feel welcome.  I think it is her disposition by nature and she is oblivious.  I also didn't get a real "youthful" vibe from the shop.  I am in my early-thirties and I kind of felt like "downtown Phoenix urban riff-raff".  I wouldn't say she was unhelpful because she did look up a pattern for me in ravelry and suggested yarn for it. She carries yarn brands that you would be hard pressed to find in other stores and for that I will be back with my wallet, but I won't be staying to hang out... that's for sure.
2	Small, but beautiful store. Nice yarns, but the staff has been rude to me twice now. I went in to shop for a specific project so I asked a question. I got a very ambiguous answer and she proceeded to follow me around.. literally step for step. I felt like she thought I was going to steal something! My second trip wasn't any better. I went in with a friend so she could pick a yarn so I could teach her to knit. Once again, we were followed around and watched. Not only did she follow us around, but she kept butting in our conversation and contradicting what I was saying!Their hours are very limited. They're open Sundays and they're close to my work, but I doubt I'll ever be back.
4	Okay, so I only went here because my name is Jessica, but it's definitely a solid yarn store. They have a good variety of yarns with many different colors. I found the staff attentive without being annoying, which is a delicate balance in a yarn store. They also have an amazing selection of needles in a fantastically organized display. From one Jessica to another, great job.
4	I was visiting Phoenix from out of state and decided to see as many LYS as I could. This was my second shop to visit and I was quite impressed. It's a really lovely store, very impressed with the selection of different types, gauges and colors of yarn. They also were having a really great sale and I found some real buys in the sale bins. The girls working were attentive, showed me how the store was laid out and then left me alone but was available for questions. I realized that I could live in Phoenix with this store available. I will visit again if I come back to visit.
4	My wife loves this place.... she is an avid knitter. Its really great to have this nice little shop only a mile form the house. Now she can spend more money on her yarn "stash". There are relatively new owners, and they are really nice. Nice selection of yards, and accessories. Books, and knitting magazines, and patterns. Helpful knowledgeable staff are always available.I go and sit and drink coffee... and nod a lot when my wife shows me yarn and asks for my opinion! :)
5	I unknowingly went to the store on a Monday when they were closed. They very kindly came out to my car as I was preparing to leave and asked if I needed some thing specific and when I said I just came to look offered to let me come in and shop. I haven't been to the store in 2 years so they didn't know me and so this was truly an act of kindness. I greatly appreciate it and feel that the owner and staff really went out of their way to help me. Thank you all very much. What a nice surprise!
4	It is has been a couple of years since I first visited this store - now with a new owner and I know one of the staff personally.  I signed up for their -newsletter and attended a Buffalo Gold trunk show - A first for me!  the store hasn't changed too much - very nice staff and beautiful yarn and always something going on.  If I only lived closer and had an unlimited budget.....
5	A dear friend gave me a gift card to Jessica Knits for Christmas. I finally made time to get to the store yesterday, and I am IN LOVE! This is definitely the yarn store for which I have been searching! Not only did I know - and have great experience with - one of their staff/teachers (Kathy), but I met the owner (Tammy) and another employee (Todd), and could not have been more impressed with their friendly manner and knowledge of yarns and patterns. The shop is beautiful, the inventory of the caliber I want to shop, and their class offerings provide a good mix for both beginner and advanced knitters. They have a nice table and are very welcoming for those who want to sit and knit on projects, and while I was there, I saw one of them patiently and effectively help a customer who needed assistance with her work in progress. I will definitely be back - and often - and have plans to attend at least one class this summer.
5	OooooooOOOOOoooh! Soooo soft and soooo pretty!This is an ecstasy rave kid's fantasy, this store! With all the bright colors and soft fabrics, whether high or not, you're sure to be entertained by the glut of sensation. Cathrine was very helpful with my questions and gave me all sorts of information, including the classroom schedule. She advised which class would best suit me and I can't wait to go and learn some new stitches! The amount of yarn here is really overwhelming. It's easy to get off target and spend a boatload of money. A word to the wise, enter with a plan and a project so as not to go crazy.
5	I can knit...fixing mistakes- not so much!  Visiting friends in Scottsdale and needed help.....stopped in and they were gracious, and helpful although I was not a customer. That's good business!  Thank you Jessica(-:
4	Great shop, friendly owners-could spend all day there!
5	I'm a bit sad that they are moving to a bigger location at Shea and the 101, but Jessica Knits offered everything I needed as an amateur knitter. Compared to a general arts store like Michael's the variety in yarn and tools is HUGE! Felt like a kid in a candy store everything I went.That in addition to great service encouraged me to keep knitting. Highly recommend this location for knitters of all backgrounds.
