1	I'd give this place 0 stars if I could.  I play pool leagues here and it is as hole in the wall as hole in the wall gets.  Really really super small.  In an awful neighborhood.  The other pool team was nice but that is about it.  Unless you want to see one eyed jack and get stabbed in the parking lot go somewhere else cause this places gives me the creeps.
3	After years of driving, I decided to check it out.  Three friends and I went about 7pm on a weeknight.  It allows smoking, but if any of the other 6 people there were smoking, I didn't notice it.  This bar has a REALLY COOL OLD MURAL on the wall!  Lots of men performing various vices/sins like gambling, lust, boozing and more! It is a dive bar, so no fancy mixology here!  Yes, The neighborhood can be gritty so I would be on alert outside. I will go back.
3	The Hard Hat lounge is a typical, traditional bar. It still has a kitchen-but since the smoking law came into affect a few years ago, the oven is idle. On the border of a sketchy neighborhood (the once fantastic Naked City), I had never had an issue visiting this bar. At nights you have to get buzzed in, but once you are in the mood is sedate and comfortable. A pool table exists in case you need more exercise than lifting your beer or your jack and coke! BUT--- the real star here is the mural by Frank "Maverick" Bowers from 1963.  The mural evokes more a feeling of 1956, than 63, but maybe The Maverick was stuck in his painting ways.  The legend has it that he painted the mural to pay off a bar tab (google his name and you may find more mentions of his doing this in other areas like Los Angeles). An awesome mural and one the bar is proud of!
4	I was here one night for a couple hours without a single person in the place except the bartender who seemed to be confused about why I would be in there to begin with.  He looked as if I was about to rob the joint when I walked in.  If you're looking for a b.s.-free dive in Vegas for a beer & whiskey, don't go here because I prefer to have it empty for myself.  Stay away.
4	This place needs a crowd, because there literally isn't one. Ever. It's an ideal dive- YOU just need to bring everyone you know to take the plunge. The mural is legendary, and I say that because all the bartender's have a different legend.. So if your curious to find out where the painted stage of naked ladies may or may not be hidden, you need to get to drinkin'  !! ;D
4	My visit to the Hard Hat marks my near-completion of my dive bar to-do list! I dropped into the HH after a night out for one last drink, that turned into two.  We were practically the only people in the bar (I hear that is common).  The bartenders were super friendly (and they give you snacks!).  They no longer serve food from their kitchen, but they do have some chips and stuff to purchase if the pretzels and goldfish crackers aren't to your liking.  Drinks were cheap ($7/round for Jameson + 7&7)! Plus one star because I won $50 playing Deuces Wild.  Seriously though,if you're into low key dive bars where you can just sit with a friend (or lovahhh) and just booze it up and talk, this is perfect.  There's also a jukebox, pool table, and cigarette machine to round out the ambiance.
4	Came here last night (Saturday) for the Reggae/Ska music with a few friends. The place was pretty dead but the DJ was playing rad music and the drinks were cheap! $13.50 for a round of drinks for me and my 3 friends? We're in! The bartender was a really cool chick, too. Thanks for digging out that Red Stripe for my friend. I'll definitely be coming back again the next time I'm in town!
4	Now this is what a dive bar should be like . . . cold, cheap drinks . . . semi dark, with friendly regulars . . . an attentive bartender . . . and a mural behind the bar with an unbelievable story.This place made you feel like home . . . even if you were from out of town and just in for a visit.  I will definitely be back to further explore the mural . . . it seem like every time a looked at it I saw something different.If the neighbor ever comes back . . . this place will definitely become a five star spot.  And if not . . . it is still on my shall return list.
5	After a night of walking around first friday, me and my friends bumped into this place. & let me tell you.... This place impressed the H E double hockey sticks out of me. Drinks were pretty cheap and the crowd was pretty friendly. The girl at the kitchen can make some meaaaan food. Also they had live music, & they happen to have this school bus that was converted into a stage/dj booth. It was the absolute coolest thing and very unexpected for a small dive bar downtown. I later found out that the hard hat is managed by the same guy that used to run the Bunkhouse. And anyone knows that bunkhouse was the place to be before. I recommend this place to anyone who wants to have a good time on a small budget.
5	Love it!! Old industrial Vegas. Gritty and vintage. Awesome diner food. Small stage for bands. Cool vibe. Heavy handed pours in the drinks department.
4	Place is small but cool though...bartenders are nice...not a bad spot...good to see they support the local music scene
4	I came to the lounge to see Bobby Yang work his musical magic live.  And, accompanied by His Unrivaled Players, he did just that for appreciative Yelpers and other lounge regulars.  The narrow, small building barely fit in all attendees, but it did just manage to do so.  And feed us too!My Montana Club (ham, turkey, bacon, chipotle, mayo, lettuce, tomato, and onions on sourdough bread) was large and very tasty--except somewhat overpowered by the spicy chipotle, which added too big a kick.  And I saw that the skin-on Fries were freshly deep-fried but they tasted unseasoned and rather dead.   The two female bartenders were friendly and efficient; the mural painted on site in 1963 was eye catching; and the live sounds of Bobby Yang and His Unrivaled Players were well worth listening to live, enhanced by the interpretive dancing of past Las Vegas Yelp CM and now DJ Misti Y., and excellent acoustics.This is a bar with character!5 stars for Bobby Yang and His Unrivaled Players4 stars for the Hard Hat Lounge overall
4	I came here last night to see Bobby Yang and his Unrivaled Players in their only Las Vegas concert!  I'm not usually at bars but this was an exception and I had to go hear Bobby and his group.The bar is called a dive bar and I guess you could say it is although it was a lot nicer than I was expecting and there was a lot less smoke than I thought there would be.  The place is small.  A narrow aisle past the bar to the performance area in the back is the only space to move around.  As we gathered in the back, we tended to block the entrance to the ladies room.  The bartender from whom I got my Coke was very kind and the price was right.  There were some problems with mic feedback at times, but nothing serious.  The band rocked the joint and it was great fun to see and hear a friend lead his band with his great fiddle playing!It was a fun night and the Lounge was great.  I'd like to go back sometime and get photos of the whole Frank Bowers mural behind the bar.  Bowers was a Los Angeles mural painter who is said to have painted this mural to pay off a bar tab.
3	Talk about another dive bar in Vegas. The Hard Hat Lounge not doubt would qualify cause not only does it scream dive bar. The surrounding neighborhood off of industrial not exactly the most pretty of all places, not much parking, and the apartment building nearby does not exactly make you feel comfortable leaving car out on the road. One must never judge book by its cover. Once you get inside little surprise to find that it had own sense of style. It definitely still goes with my dive bar list. It not very big bar to begin with you have one long bar area, and few bar tables in the middle. The drinks not much comes to selection of draft beers (not sure since Bobby Yang Unrivaled Players performing but all drinks were being served in plastic cups. No glasses at bar?? Dive. Not sure if daily special but that night running $3 PBR and some mixed up fruity shot added dollar. Again screams dive bar. The decor at times looked tacky all around but definitely gave it personality. They do have service kitchen nothing special just your normal bar food from burgers, salad, and fried foods. I can tell you looking at the kitchen (some things that would make health inspector freak out) I would be scared to order food. I came here support YELP family Misti and Bobby. Booby Yang and Unrivaled Players. Not about the food. In the back area have small stage set up for bands. At times had some sound check issues. Overall for tiny place felt like the sound was pretty good. Room for concert goers it nightmare. Really truth its bar not concert venue. Yelp family we packed it in. Tiny dance area if call one in front of the stage. The service both bartenders were great staying on my drinks. Overall since out of my way and really nothing special about the place will stick with my normal waterholes. If they have great band playing would come back again.
2	Went to a punk rock show last night, stages both inside and out great idea. However, beer prices were down right lame.  Five bucks for a 12 0Z can of PBR? I expect to be raped at the House of Blues like that , but not a neighborhood bar. I wanted to love the place , great kitchen,  friendly bartenders, door guy was a sweetheart. Just need to be more reasonable with those beer prices. Id rather have a few extra bucks to buy some merch from a few of the cool bands!
3	Agreed that this is a Vegas dive bar but that's not a bad thing. There's video poker/keno, food and reasonably priced drinks. They are always hosting good edm nights. We saw Machete spin here a few months ago; good stuff. Only bad part is the cigarettes. The smoke is deep in there and you leave smelling like a wet ashtray. Total bummer, especially if you don't smoke.
2	Wouldn't go back. It's a cool spot and all but it was too expensive for a dive bar. Maybe it was for the show but it felt overpriced for what the spot really is. Bartender was nice, got carded twice since they don't have security checking who comes into the place.
