3	With a name so unoriginal (how many rotisseries have au Coq in their name?), one shouldn't be surprised by their food offerings both in content but quality.It's a rotisserie. You can various forms of chicken, and fries. Nothing special here.I tried the poutine, and it's also what you'd expect: crinkle cut fries, fresh cheddar curds, and an orangish looking commercial sauce that was actually sweeter than most. A decent poutine, but not one you'd crave.
4	You'd think tickets were on sale for a Justin Bieber concert on Wednesday(s). That's when you typically find them offering a heck of a deal for their signature boxes of chicken with fries, dipping gravy, coleslaw and a bun. All this for $4.99 plus taxes will do that. Currently, I believe they are running a two box special for $13.99 plus taxes - still a good deal, but less worthy of a snaking line up. If you get the chef's choice (thigh or breast) you usually save a buck. Check with them for the exact specifics - if you are in the mood for some rotisserie chicken - I'm just sayin'.
4	Boo hoo, the chicken box special on Wednesday(s), is now up to $6.25 + taxes. I wonder if it has anything to do with Justin Bieber's recent press. I'm sure the crowds will be back.
4	I've lived in the neighborhood about a year now and tried Au Coq a couple times, but the first 2 times I was actually pretty dissappointed.  I ordered off the delivery menu the first time and then a 2 person box special the 2nd and both times I kind of felt ripped off.  But this past Wednesday we were coming back from the river and decided to give it one more shot for the Wednesday $6.25 chef's choice box (comes with chef's choice of thigh or breast, coleslaw, fries, and sauce) because it seemed like a good deal, and we were actually blown away by how delicious it was.I'm not sure why I had such a negative experience the first couple times, but for under 15$ including tax,  my boyfriend and I literalliy feasted on some of the most melt off the bone succulent chicken I have ever had, grilled and seasoned to perfection, a really amazing coleslaw just the right amount of vinegar/mayo ratio, and a realliy decent, flavourful sauce that gives Swiss Chalet a run for it's money.  The Wednesday special is honestly an amaaaazing food deal to be found in Verdun. The only downside is the obviously pre frozen krinkle cut fries, they dont' add much to the experience, but when you drench them in the hefty serving you get of gravy/sauce that comes with the combo, all is forgiven.I eagerly await wednesdays now as I think this will become one of our new dinnertime traditions!
