1	I will write of my experience at this Lens Crafters and emphasize that I will NEVER set foot in this store again.  I had an evening appointment and I had just finished a day at my job of office monkey.  I had changed into a t-shirt because being in full office gear for 3 more hours was seriously going to chafe my morale. This meant I had minimal make up on, hair styled about 10 hours ago, and khaki pants.   I was asked no more than 3 times if I was over 18 years old (uh I'm out of college). I ended up volunteering to have the receptionist examine my driver's license!  Oddly everyone but the optometrist had some comment to make about my age or my appearance. (how effing rude, just look at my eyes and get me through the herd, yo)Next infraction... the REFUSAL to explain FEES upfront.  I had asked how much the exam would be and I explain I am there for both glasses and contacts.  AFTER I finish the exam -- I am curtly told that if I want contacts the fitting fee is an additional $80. (um I did want contacts and I did tell you that.)  I ask them to reduce the fee and am told to call back in the morning.    Third infraction... after bringing in my YEAR old glasses to get the lenses replaced, I am told that the frames are too "cracked" to receive new lenses.  Funny how the next optometrist I went to didn't have that problem.Fourth infraction.. After getting quotes from 3 other eye care facilities, I end up calling the next morning to ask about receive a reduced fee for a contact fitting.  I am told that the "fitting" they provide is superior service to all others in Madison and refuse to give me a reduced price, even after I explained that I was not fully informed of the fees.  (and EVERYWHERE is is between $30-40 less)This Lenscrafters is an abomination to all others. The staff is way too rude considering they're trying to rip you off.
2	We no longer shop at Lenscrafters after finding much better prices and service at other eyeglass places.   The reason we went there is because it is the first thing that pops into our mind because of their advertising.   Contrary to the ads, our eyeglasses have always taken more than an hour there but that is no big deal to us.   We really just want nice glasses for a good priceThe eye exams always went well there but getting the eyeglasses was always a different story.Our glasses with insurance always carried a personal cost to us of hundreds of dollars.    Our service was usually weak due to them being understaffed.   We bought glass from LC from the early 90s till about 2003.  Then we went to Sears and got a really great deal on some very nice glasses.  Better, more personal service too.  Then a friend directed us to another eyeglass place over by Monona Drive and they were even cheaper for a great product.  That is where we get all our glasses now.  My last pair cost something like 40 dollars total!I remember the last time I stopped by LC to have a pair of glasses serviced.   They failed to greet me for quite some time and when they did they said it would 45 minutes before they could help me.  I just left and never went back.
1	Today I went to Lenscrafters to get a new contact prescription and a new pair of glasses. I had an appointment set for 11am and was first helped around 11:05 to get the initial screening before the actual eye exam. By 11:30 I was just waiting for the doctor to get back from "running to the post office". I was told I should start looking at frames while waiting, so I did and was quickly approached by a worker offering to answer any questions etc.  At this point I felt great about the service and was happy with my overall experience. Finally the doctor was back and took me in at 11:40 for the eye exam including the pupil dilation. While the dilation was setting in I was told to continue looking at frames again until the doctor could see me again. Ten minutes later I figured I should go check in with the doctor to finish up the exam. By this time I had pretty much found the frames I wanted and thought I would be out of there soon (it had already been almost an hour and a half since I arrived). Finally the eye exam was over and I came back out to find the woman who had been helping me with the glasses to finish and pay for them. Come to find out, there were 2 other customers that she was helping which meant I had to continue to wait just to pay for the frames. It was now 12:40 and I was assuming I would have been able to finish getting frames, seeing as I had actually made an appointment for contacts and glasses when these other customers had just walked in. As I waited for another 20 minutes, one of the two woman working the desk decided to take customers that had just walked in even though I had been there since 11am. The customer sitting next to me even said something to the worker, asking why these new people were being seen when I had been there so long. She said she would "take care of it" but did nothing to help me. Finally at 1:15 I gave up. I could not wait any longer and gave the woman the glasses I would have bought, and told her I could not wait for her. Had they not been so terrible with customer service, maybe I would have waited a little longer. There was such terrible communication between the employees and the customers--- no one knew when they would be helped or if they ever would. Maybe they should have a sign in sheet with the time of arrival so that you knew how long of a wait it might be.  I will now NEVER go back to lenscrafters, and I suggest you also find I different place to get an eye exam or get new glasses. It will not be worth the wait.
5	Very friendly employees and very helpful, they weren't just trying to make a sale, they really cared about my daughters vision needs, not only did the Dr come out and introduced herself after finding out my daughters vision script, she recommended and gave us her professional advice... Not to mention that the one year warranty really benefits both young little girls like my daughter who may break them on a playground, and big kids who just can be careless. everyone breaks things now and then, but glasses can get expensive especially for a 6 year old who just doesn't want to wear them anyway and may break them or misplace them very easily.. So thanks LensCrafters we will be long time clients..
2	Typical mall place to buy glasses.   I was greated right away....but after that.   Just wait.   There were only two employees and about 10 customers.   Someone did come out of the lab to move things along.   Not someplace I would visit for anything except safety glasses for work.
1	We shall never return. The worst place I have ever been for glasses. I hate being lied to and this place just made me mad. I went for contacts. They told me the price was the same all over madison. They lied. They charged double what other places in town do. I won't be back.
