4	I just moved into this neighbourhood and thought to try a pedi since my fabulous feet needed a trim and new shoes. Walked in got greeted and waited few min. Pedi is awesome! Very careful and thorou. Bring your claws here! But I heard apts are better.I made an apointment for my nails the next day, and I didnt have to wait. My nails are done the way i wanted it. Down is that they do not seem to use Gel and my nails chip easy due to my xtreme job... I got a 3d flower on 2 nails, came out awesome! Price is the same as other salons $25 plus tip for pedi, $10 for eyebrow waxing (GREAT job!!!) etc.
2	Just okay.  I had a pedicure and the water was on the colder side.  The pedicure and gel nail polish was $40 dollars.  I had better & less expensive elsewhere.
2	This nail shop is less then ok, nothing to brag to my gal pals about. We were in the neighborhood and my kick ass boyfriend was treating me to getting my nails done just because.We walked in and it was pretty busy, I picked my color and had a seat, I waited about ten minutes. I was having a new full acrylic set done. I posted pics, be cautious they do not inform of extras such as half tip polishing or glitter or multiple polish colors even though they ask how you would like your nails polished.I am learning more and more as I have been screwed lately at nail shops, I will now ask straight up, what will that cost? Also I will inform them I don't want any surprises at the end when I am charged, I want to know upfront what my bill will be!If I am charged for something they did not inform me of and are attempting to be sneaky, they will get no tip and no repeat visit from me and I will also call them out on it, bottom line no bullshit. Don't F*** me nail lady...don't F*** me!$32 bucks for a full set, SHORT length nails. That is usually what a new acrylic LONG nail length set cost.Not impressed, won't be back.***It was a hot day and they have no air conditioning! A lot of nail doing and pedicures going on and we were all sweating balls!!! Cheap, won't even run air for the comfort of their customers! They are tighter than a ticks ass!Skip this place unless you want a steam room sweat experience while you are getting your nails done.
5	I do get my nails done here and there.. when I feel like it. However, this is the ONLY place i have been where the have the newest up to date acrylics: shimmer-sparkles- AND colors OH MY! to choose from. I recently moved and still keep in contact to say hello with my girl. SHE MADE MY NAILS LOOK LIKE SHINY JEWELS!!!  The Price is fair for the precise and neat work that is done. Around $35/40 (new) depending. I usually would get a shimmer acrylic on the tips then would fill later. No second thoughts.. if you walk in its worth the wait. :) I have recommended MANY friends here. Nails would never pop off, i would ask to soak or drill down to take off.
2	Im new to this neighborhood and drove by and loved it from the outside....though i was a walk in i still had to sit and wait for over 15 min. once i finally got in the spa chair, it felt like my feet hardly hit the water before they were being pulled out to start being worked on.  The main reason i pay for a spa pedi is to be able to have my feet soak for at least a few min.  The girl that did my pedicure did a good job, but they were very busy that day and i felt her consecration was more on what was going on in the shop then my feet.  Two of my toes were cut by the file while she was looking around.  My toes did turn out well.  But i wont be going there again for a pedi. I left there paying 25 + 5 dollar tip.  It was very rushed and i dont feel i got the right amount of time for someone paying 30 dollars.
4	So I always see this place when I go to the grocery store and I really needed my nails done so I saw a lady and asked if they were any good she said she actually gets her nails done there so I decided to give it a try. I was super happy with  my nails and will be going back for a pedicure. They have all the new designs.
5	Vanisa is the only person I let do my nails, she is super fast and does a great job :)
4	Went here with my cousin to get a pedicure. She had been here before an said they were good so I decided ok it's close to my house so I will give them a try. She made us an appt for the afternoon.  It's not the fancy places you get at the mall or a salon but it's ok. Never judge a book by its cover. Well I'm so glad I did. Long who works there is great. She took her time an took care of my ingrown that was hurting. She also did a hot done foot massage that was great besides the normal stuff like scrubbing ect. I ended up getting a French mani on my toes which I love. They way she did the white an the light pink top coat is exactly the way I like it. I will definitely be going back to her for my pedicures as my normal nail person has now quit at her salon. An this place is very close to home. I'm not sure how they are with nails but pedicures are great.
4	I hate getting my nails done in this city until now!! Not the cleanest place I've ever been too but here's the T. Walked in the am and and got an appointment immediately! Mani and pedi gel we are off to a good start. They didn't have both colors that I wanted but it's no shade. Pedi and mani were quick and she got the job done! I hate waiting for hours to get my nails done. I'm a busy lady and I need to get in and out! So if you're looking for a great place that gets the job done book your appointment now! Again it's not the classiest place but they do great nails for Vegas
3	great job on nails, but too expensive for my taste for a basic mani and pedi.
5	I've been going here for years!! Hannah is amazing!! They have a family atmosphere and are very nice!! I went somewhere else a couple of times to be closer to home but I always go back here!! They're definitely my go-to!!
