5	The PTs at Tobler are very personable and knowledgeable. Steve has been a huge part of my recovery process and his assistants have effectively shown me the proper way to strengthen the necessary muscles to acheive my recovery. Very grateful for the positive experience and will always return to this facility in the future if physical therapy is ever needed! Thank you!
1	I was sent to Tobler Physical Therapy by my neurologist's PA for rotator cuffs and neck.  I first had to check in with the front desk as they had already gotten my insurance information over the phone from me and called my insurance for my benefits.  When I went up to the front desk, they told me that I had already met my deductible and that my payments would be 18.00 each visit. The first visit went pretty well, Lee evaluated me so that I could be put on a program.  The second visit was different.  The women therapists like to chat a lot.  They seem to be more involved in what each of them had done over the weekend than what was going on with the patient.  Even though a routine had been planned for me, they rarely followed it.  I would stand around in between exercises waiting for them to finish their conversations.  They acted like I should know everything and on what setting I should do every exercise after just the first visit.  They NEVER watched me do my exercises to make sure that I was doing them right.  I would have to tell them that it hurts and I can't do this.  This happened each and every week, 2 times a week.  One day they heard that the owner was coming.  Boy did they get busy then.  Lee decided that I wasn't making much progress and recommended that I allow him to adjust my neck.  I couldn't believe what I was hearing.  I told him that Dr. Fitzpatrick, the first neurologist that evaluated me, told me that I was never to have another adjustment of any kind because of the 5 deteriorated discs in my neck, C3, C4, C5, C6 and C7 as it could be very dangerous.  I brought my MRI for Lee to see.  I didn't feel that they took me very seriously, I guess they think they know better than Barrows.  I paid my 18.00 each visit thinking each time that it wasn't even worth that.  I stopped going after 11 visits.  Then I received a phone call from their billing department in Georgia?? telling me that my insurance did not pay as I had NOT met my deductible yet.  What???  They told me that I now owe over 600.00!!  Not for this unprofessional service!  18.00 was too much!  I have since had surgery on my right rotator cuff for torn rotator cuff, bicep tendon torn 90%, torn sub scapula tendon and two others that were torn.  I have every color twine, 2 titanium anchors and 2 plastic anchors in my shoulder.  My left shoulder is just as bad and I am scheduled for surgery on June 28th.  I guess that if they were watching me do my exercises, they have noticed!!!  After my surgery I went to Dynamic Rehab off of Higley Rd by Banner Hospital.  They are absolutely great!!  They are professional and they WATCH me!  They can tell when I am not carrying myself right and where the problem is.  Again they observe and help!  I cannot stress enough the unprofessionalism of Tobler Physical Therapy and I wouldn't recommend them to anyone.  What a joke!  I told my neurologist Dr. Yeung and he said he wouldn't pay either.  If you want a good physical rehab, DON'T go here, you will be worse when they get done with you than you were when you went in like I was.
5	Attentive and professional service . Appointments are always on schedule. Therapists knowledgable in appropriate exercises and massage. Clean facility.
