2	Normally when I write these reviews I at least try to give the establishment I'm reviewing the benefit of the doubt.  You know, like, "Maybe my server was just having a bad day" or "Perhaps that was my own pube in the salad".  By nature I'm not a very critical person.  Well, at least I wasn't until I went to the Town Center Lounge.  Alright, I'm just going to lay it on the line.  This place pretty much blows donkey balls.  The food was decent although I imagine it's difficult to completely screw up a cheese pizza and a house salad.  It's definitely a sports bar and there are TVs everywhere.  That's especially nice since we were there to watch the UFC fight.  What really sucked about this place was the service and the patrons.  Interestingly enough, most of the patrons on that particular night also seemed to be on staff.  Go figure.  Since I understand that establishments have little control over the clientele, I'm giving the Town Center Lounge two stars based on their shitty, rude, and completely unhelpful service.  I've never had a server actually walk away from me while I was asking a question.
2	This is another Chicago eatery but what sets this place apart from the rest in Vegas is the breaded steak sandwich made famous in Chicago by Ricobene's this is my sixth time here and I can say this place is going down hill and I will not return. The food is still good but I can see the quality diminishing each time I visit...The Service is so bad if you decide to eat here order it to go the server was nice but dizzy and spends way to much time sitting and talking with other workers and regulars at the bar So in turn you get cold food and if you ask for something you will get it at the end of your meal if you even get it at all....Now for the food... My appetizer was deep fried raviolis they came out cold and half way in the middle of the meal..  The deep dish pizza was good but order in advance because it takes about 45 mins to get... The breaded steak sandwich was cold but not bad for dessert we had the cannoli I liked it my wife said it tasted bitter
1	What else can i say but if there was a 1/2 star, i don't even think it would be worth of that. Cheap beer at the football night is about the only redeeming feature. I could have gotten a better pizza from digiornos.
1	FALSE ADVERTISING!  According to the news paper they serve food 24 hrs a day, this is also posted on their front door as well as a big sign on the building.We went there only to find out that the kitchen doesn't open until 11:00 a.m.
1	I went here the other night with a group of people. The pizza was one of the worst I have ever had. I would rather of had frozen pizza or one of the chain restraunts. The service was also not good. Will not be coming back.
5	don't know what people are talking about? we're from chicago and are very choosy on pizza. eatin there 7 or 8 times best chicago pizza in las vegas.when we want pizza this is where we go.other people downing this pizza don't know pizza.
2	This place is always dark and empty when I walk inside...there's never anyone there so I feel like I shouldn't be there either. The only thing I've had here is their pizza and it was pretty good (I even took some home) but overpriced. Guess I should've went when there was a special or happy hour or something. The waiters are kind of odd as well, although they're friendly and will talk to you about sports (or maybe it was because I was there during a basketball game). Don't be surprised though if they sit at a table and play on their phone in between waiting on tables...guess they really don't have much to do since no one comes here. Not sure how they are still in business.
4	I don't know if other reviews came from competitors of the Town Center Lounge but I know my experience told me I found a new home. The restaurant is managed by the owners of The Omlett House, they are an Italian family from Chicago via Italy.The service is nothing less than professional and the food is beyond words. We stopped at the bar for a drink and ended up spending several hours there. The bartender is now a friend and we have been back several times and the experience is always the same. We are not big gamblers put we have never seen or heard of such great gaming free pays and bonus programs. Thank You Town Center Lounge !!
