5	This is one of my favorite stores to hit when I have money burning a hole in my wallet. You'll find brand name items -- many that haven't even been worn and still have the tags -- at this new and used clothing store. I've found some of my best finds here such as a $50 pair of never been work Rock 'N Republic jeans, $65 brand new True Religion jeans and a Juicy Couture studded-denim skirt for $20.
4	I actually found this store on accident, and boy, am I glad I did!  It's got a great selection of clothing for reasonable prices.  They carry shirts, shoes, pants, tops, and a little bit of everything.  I really enjoyed the wide selection of stuff to choose from, and found that it was not only hip, but hit the spot for work and home.  Definately worth checking out if you want a great variety of clothing at reasonable prices.
3	Initially I was going to write this really really long story full of twists and turns, betrayal, redemption, heroes, villains etc...but changed my mind.The place seems like it could be fun if you are in the mood to dig though used clothes.  I heard about it from a bargain hunting person whose taste is pretty tacky  half the time.  She told me they'd paid her $80.00 for her used Rock & Republic jeans that she'd put in the washer and were not in perfect condition. The jeans retailed for $300.00 brand new! After going there I am positive that didn't really happen. I was trying to sell name brand merchandise in perfect condition that would retail for $800.00 total, I knew I would only get a fraction of what I paid but seriously needed the cash....the sales girl either has multiple personalities or just a crummy attitude and is kinda out if..She told me to look around after I put my stuff in the "seller" area and "one of the girls" would be with me in about 10 minutes..I was in a hurry and hate finding deals on stuff when I can't buy them.  So I told her this and she kinda let out a huff and stopped staring off into the distance and walked over to me, you see she was the ONLY one working..Ok..so she checks my stuff out and offers me $17.85, this was not only insulting but annoying.  I get it, they make money from buying low and selling higher but C'MON!!In the way of brand new merchandise they carry some pretty bad knock -offs...I was trying to sell the real thing.I explained a Coach purse is worth way more than $5.00 even used..she didn't seem to care or understand.I didn't sell anything, so I will say this:If you like going to thrift stores and are looking for some knock-offs check it out! AND someone I am sure has taken $5.00 for their coach purse and I bet you can pick one up there cheap if you are lucky.SO for the way I was treated as a seller they get 0 stars.For the shopping they get a 2..For experience and attitude they get 0For Parking they get 1 the lot is jammed with overflow from the other places and not very accommodating (at least when I went which was 2pm on a weekday)I wouldn't recommend that you go out of your way to check this place out.Enjoy!!
2	I gave Name Brand Exchange a second chance, but I probably won't be going back. I did find a couple of good deals the first time I went. When my mom came to visit we stopped by there and she found some things as well... But the girls that work there are the worst. The one girl that I saw both times was really irritable and when my mom asked her a question she got all sassy about it. Not cool.
3	this place is very small and cramped inside. their men's selection is very small and extremely limited. the prices on the clothes are actually lower in comparison to other clothing exchange stores like buffalo exchange. they offer pretty much nothing in trade in for clothes. i turned in 3 shirts and got like 3 dollars. i managed to find a nice, new vans polo for $8 which was a steal.the main reason i visit NBE though is for their gauges. they have a pretty good selection of sizes and styles and they are all under $30, with most coming in at around $15 a pair. they also have a lot of other piercing jewelry. tongue rings are $2. all jewelry is new.
4	Ok, so forget about going here to get new (well sort of) threads guys- NBE seems to be quite a little gem for finding those oddball things you never seem to know where to find. Looking for a zombie brain jello mold for your Halloween party? NBE has one!  How about a nightlight with Rosie the Riveter on it "We Can Do It!" for your funky smelling hippie feminist friend?  I bought one for myself!  Fake moustache to hide your identity while driving past the pesky speed cameras on the freeway? It wasn't you! NBE has them in a pack of 5 different styles including a jumbo 'stache and commie style!  Tiny Asian-made and Asian-size tweezers only used by the best nail techs in all of central phoenix! Complete with tiny Asian heart clip to keep them secure and safe. .99 at NBE!!!Do I need to say more? Seriously, hair ties in every size shape and color, dirt cheap plugs in a variety of styles, and a cute counter girl that laughed at my unpatriotic 4th of July joke.  It's really worth the drive to Mesa (yes it still is a city).
2	When I was a younger girl, I would tag along with my sisters to go to Name Brand, and it was sooooo cool. Either it has changed or I have.. I went to Name Brand this weekend and it was really unimpressive. Most of the "name brands" here were Old Navy or Mossimo. It seems like they are not very selective based on the overcrowded racks and shelves. The staff is young and hip and totally daft. They just kind of flick around not helping people and looking at themselves in the mirror... So pass on Name Brand, there are quite a few superior consignment shops in the Phoenix area, with a lot less attitude and weird smell.Cute, cheapo sunglasses though.
5	I had to laugh at everyone's review of the 'tude seeping from the little emo hipster nimrods that work here. My friends and I contemplate whether we "feel like dealing with that place" simply because of the little jerks that work there! I would never consider selling anything here, the prices are way too low for what you would get in return. But as a shopper - there are a few freakin' awesome finds that you can get at Name Brand Exchange:- $4 army/surplus style caps (in khaki/green/black) that have a velcro back... so cheap and awesome- belly button rings, you have to look beyond the blinged out handcuffs and cherries...but there are some good ones- cheap shoes - most shoes are around/under $10. Most of my favorite flats come from this joint. - rubber plugs for yo hipster gaged ears, they have quite the selection- $3 rack outside, sometimes ridiculously good, sometimes ridiculously bad! Just go into this place knowing that you may not get attentive customer service, but you could get a killer of a deal!!!
2	This place it trash. I didn't really even want to walk in. I was gunna try and sell my stuff here, but I quickly changed my mind after walking in. The purses and clothes are pretty worn down and extremely overpriced. A lot of the purses were fake and were being sold for prices that were high for even a real, used purse. They sell other things besides clothes like jewelry and hair accessories for really cheap but its not really worth it. They have cheap gages which was the only redeeming factor. I'm definitely not going to go back here.
1	Can I just say that I think in order to work here, you have to be a snob with piercings and bad dyed hair? I may be stereotyping. Actually I am, but when you walk in to one you will see it and be like "yep.. she was right."Its actually not what they look like, its how they treat you, buying or selling- they treat you like your annoying them.. seriously? How hard is it to freaking ring up clothes and smile while you do it. I was absolutely shocked how I was treated. They totally low ball you when you sell them your stuff as well. I sold some items to them today and saw either 14 bucks in store credit, or 12.40 in cash. I told them I would take cash and she handed me a 10.40, when I know for a fact I saw 12.40. I told her that she only handed me 10.40 and she owed me 2 more dollars and she repeated "It was 10 dollars and 40 cents cash" like I was hard of hearing. Everyone stared at me in the store and I just left. I will never go back to support such a snobby organization that never ever hires anyone nice! boo on you Name Brand! you'll never see me again
4	My 17year old niece visited me a couple of months back and as we were on an eating-around-the-world tour and hitting the Hidori Korean restaurant, we saw this unique looking thrift store.  It's filled with amazing goodies, and you can trust me on that because I'm not usually a huge fan of resell shops.  We started with the 3$ sidewalk sales selections and found a shirt and an adorable dress for my niece!  When we went in, the selections got considerably more expensive but, they were probably still worth it, just more than I was looking to spend that day.  I'd definitely go back and my niece still talks about how cool it was here.Might see ya there!
5	This just in: You know the feather craze going on in the world right now? Well, Name Brand has this awesome selection of feather earrings (and a bunch of other styles) for a buck, so when you cry about losing one by do-si-doing a little too hard at Toby Keith's you can get over it (basically the OPPOSITE of Kim Kardashian losing a $75,000 diamond stud in Bora Bora... don't be THAT girl). Anyway. 99 cent earrings and a b*tch ain't one! Do it. The selection is incredible.
3	I have found some treasures at this place but the customer service is terrible. The workers are never helpful and spend more time hanging out and chatting than doing their jobs. The people working there clearly don't know labels. I am always shocked to see target and walmart clothes there. Often these labels are priced the same as the new merchandise in their stores. I have found some real treasures though such as near new wildfox shirt, halston dress and alistar rai scarf hence the three stars.
3	Bargain for those who look 2nd hand clothes. Not my deal but couple of friends that I took here were pleased with prices.I brought some clothes to see what will happen and the feed back was .... missing!! I took clothes I hardly ever used and compared to some pieces they have I really don't get it what is that they want. Anyway, some girls go crazy in here. BTW if you hate the new nike shoes you got, bring them here, they'll give you more than 10$.
5	I love this store.  I tell you it's the best retail therapy you can find.  I can always put together key pieces and cute additions to my wardrobe, all in the current fashions, and all under $20 for an entire outfit.  They have great selection on both vintage and current trends, used and new shoe and purse collections in excellent styles.  Their accessory, jewelry, and hair/makeup selection is out of this world.  If you are performer, fashionista, or creative this is a good place to find handmade or low price trends and incorporate it into your wardrobe for very little.  Some of the pieces in the jewlery section are half the cost of the same items on modcloth and similar sites, if that can quantify to you how wonderful they buy and merch their goods.  :)  Plus the staff always makes my day.  The only feedback for improvement, is for the sales staff to enjoy wardrobing and giving feedback.  It's fun to have a stylist helping you when your unsure, and sometimes I would have been more confident and made purchases with some feedback which was honest and real.  Shop this store, way cheaper than Buffalo, and styled above a goodwill.
4	Ive bought and sold clothes here for years.The ladies behind the counter are always nice, and helpful. The racks are a little cramped, but theyre stocked w/ some great stuff. New and gently used shoes, a great selection of purses, and lots of kitchy jewelry.As far as what they buy, theyre "less exclusive" than say Buffalo Exchange. So if you have something thats in really good condition chances are theyll take it. Ya never know, and it never hurts to bring something in.
4	As my profile so aptly states, you can usually find me in a coffee shop or in a consignment store. I love Name Brand Exchange. They have really great prices on a lot of really great name brands. The customer service is...adequate. They don't harass you a lot and ask if they can help you find something (thank GOD!), but they are also really friendly when you do have a question about just about anything.  The only reason I don;t give NBE a 5 star review is because the place is really cluttered...I hate bumping into other people or getting my purse strap stuck on a wayward hanger from a rack I'm walking by.
5	This store is amazing.  They always have wonderful sunglasses, excellent jewelry, shoes, belts, and fun gifts.  I find that I can always find great and current tops, pants, dresses, and purses, for way less than buffalo exchange.  A top at Buffalo will often be maybe 19-27 and here the same can be found for 4.99 to 11.50.  Just an example, but you really can find such current fashions here.  This isn't a place to find vintage, it's more current resale items.  But believe me they are so cute.
5	Check back often as items come and go fast.
1	Ok, let me start off by saying I have shopped here a few times and found some great deals, and for the shopping experience I would give probably 4 stars. I decided it was time to clean out my closet, and thought it would be a good idea to try to sell some of my stuff to NBE and make a little cash. I gathered a bag of goodies (all being name brand items from Buckle, AE, Hollister, and others) and headed to NBE with about 8 or 9 pairs of jeans, 6 or 7 pairs of shorts, 5 or 6 skirts, a couple shirts, and two purses - a (real) Coach handbag and a Betsey Johnson bag which still had the the $62 tag attached. I was told when I walked in to neatly lay out my items on the buying table, and that I could either have a seat or take a look around while I waited. When she called me back to the front, the girl at the counter said there were 6 items they wanted to buy from me. I asked which items they decided to take, and she told me they would take my coach purse, my Sinful jeans, and a few pairs of my shorts. She also informed me that since it was nearing the end of summer, they had to price the shorts at the stock rate so they would give me a little less for them. I was offered $21 and some change in cash or $30 something in store credit. This was a disappointing number considering I had hoped for $50-75. Anyway,  There were a few people waiting behind me in line, so I quickly did a little math in my head and figured about $7-10 for the Coach, $7-10 for the Sinful jeans, and about $2 each for the shorts, since she had said they weren't worth as much this time of year. Trying not to hold up the line, I opted for cash, (even though I felt like the Coach and the Sinful jeans were worth at least $20 each, not to mention the practically brand new Hollister shorts I basically gave away), I quickly signed the form placed in front of me, and gathered my unwanted items from the shelf where they put the duds. I left the store and thought I'd try another clothing exchange store for the rest of my stuff before taking it all to Goodwill. When I got to the other store,  I discovered to my surprise that my Betsey Johnson purse was not in my bag of goodies.  After I finished the other store, I went back to NBE. I told the girl at the desk that I wasn't aware that they took both purses, and that she had only mentioned the Coach. Both of the girls working looked at me like I was crazy, and the girl I had dealt with earlier lied to defend herself and said that she had told me that they were taking both the Betsey Johnson and the Coach. I politely explained to them that I would not have taken that little of cash for both purses plus the jeans. (Again, basically gave away some Hollister shorts). I politely asked if there was any way I could give them back the money and take back my items, or at least the Betsey, because I felt like I had been ripped off. They said there was nothing they could do, all cash trades are final, and the only way I could get my purse back was to buy it for what they priced it for. I asked how much they priced it for and they told me $18, which is only $3 short of what they gave me for all the stuff they got. So basically they figuratively "bought" my items for approximately the following prices: around $5 for the brand new Betsey (original price tag ATTACHED said $62), around $5 for the Sinful jeans, (which cost around $125 new, worth I'd say at least around $50 gently used), around $5 for the Coach, (which cost $129 new on sale at the outlet, worth at least $50 gently used), and about $5 for the "few pairs of shorts" which probably were worth around $10 each. This amount of money is no where close to $40% of retail, which they supposedly pay customers for items. Given the fact that they priced the Betsey for $18, 40%=$7.20, I know they ripped me off. I was uncomfortable selling even the Coach and the Sinful jeans for that little, but I could live with it. However, I am FURIOUS that they snagged BOTH my purses plus everything else for so little!! I would NOT have accepted this awful deal!!! And I think it's ridiculous that they not only wouldn't allow me to give them their money back in exchange my items, but they wouldn't even attempt to make any sort of fair agreement with me, especially since it was only about an hour prior that I was in there the first time!  Not to mention they wouldn't admit that they dishonestly took the Betsey without my knowing! They said I could speak to the manager but she wouldn't be there until tomorrow.  I will definitely be giving her a call, there is NO WAY I will sell anything to them again, and I will think twice before shopping there again!! No better than THIEVES!!! RIPOFF ALERT!!!
5	I discovered Name Brand Exchange in high school and have been shopping here ever since. Amazing prices on good quality clothing. Lots of styles and colors to choose from. Shoe selection is extensive!! Some other accessories as well. Great local store!
4	I have found many great deals here on everything from sweatshirts to blouses to accessories. I highly recommend you check out their accessories. They have metal, wood, headbands - all great statement pieces for next to nothing. If you're in the market for a new outfit or just want to do some shopping without breaking the bank, head into Name Brand Exchange.
2	The prices are decent and there's a lot of good finds if you dig. The women's jeans, shoes and tank top aisles are too narrow to have more than one person looking at the items. I have been here to shop a few times and every time the staff is so rude, they're always acting snotty and/or ghetto. They need a larger store and new employees. The one on Val vista is hard to shop as well because it's compact but in my opinion they have way better merch there and the staff is actually pleasant.
5	My wife told me bout this place and it was awesome sweet staff and great prices definitely coming back
5	Hands down my favorite store. I love how I can just take in old and unwanted clothes, and trade them for new ones. Some days are better than others, but they usually have cute stuff for a great deal. It's actually cheaper than Goodwill, plus it's a lot cleaner and the stuff is inspected before it gets put out on the floor. Most shirts are only $5 and pants can be anywhere from $3-$20 depending on brand and if it still has tags. I got a SUPER cute pair of miss me skinny jeans from here for a little less than $20 brand new with the tags. Normally at a department store they are $100. Before I shop anywhere else I always come here.
2	I have been going to name brand for about 5 years. I find good work clothes for cheap. No more! It has consistently gone down hill. The staff there always have a "better than" attitude toward me. Maybe it's just me I don't know. And they always seem understaffed and super slow. I was in line today for 45 min, then just left. People were there waiting over an hour for trade/ buys. I would rather just donate to goodwill then to get $4 store/ $2.50 cash for a bunch of good clothes. Tips to owner: get quicker staff who don't seem half baked and train your staff on customer service. Also there is no reason you should have to wait for trade/ buys, then go have to wait in line to get cashed out. This makes no sense.
4	Great place to take old clothes and get cash $$$ Plus, the clothing they sell is very inexpensive and in good condition. Great place to find a fantastic deal!
5	I love this place, great selection and great prices, the perfect thrift shop experience. Also, it's CLEAN here. I can rarely leave this place without finding something I like - I guess take that as a warning, if you go in expect to buy at least one thing - well you should anyway why would you go in and not buy anything? That's the problem with today's mall-culture consumers. Not wanting to spend any money, just wanting to hang out in the free A/C and waste a shop's time and energy on trying to help you. My theory is - if you don't expect to buy something, don't walk in. It's rude. Anyway, don't know why this review turned into a mini-review about consumer culture but maybe I've just read too many yelp reviews written by cheap brats with a huge sense of entitlement. I guess you can sell stuff here too, though, so maybe my point is moot. Any way be nice to businesses it's hard to support a small business these days.
5	Fantastic deals! I have found GREAT stuff here for so cheap! They also have brand new Victoria's Secret panties for cheaper than retail and some of them are current styles that are still in Pink/VS stores. I have not had much luck in the shoes since I am a size 6 and they all seem to be "big-foot" sizes. There is not a swimwear section. I have found one and a half swimsuits there, however. Half because it looked like a swimsuit, but after I bought it I noticed it is made of rayon and not meant for swimming, (boo! It was exactly what I was looking for!).  As I saw another reviewer say, staff are indeed rude and do act like they are better than you, but I know it's because they probably dislike their job and if that's what gets them through the day, then that's ok. I don't let it bother me.
3	This store is ok.  I like that they have new VS panties that match bras they currently have in stores. Bonus that they are super cheap. The clothes are definitely geared towards teens, and most of it isn't in that great of shape. Kind of a bummer when you do find something you like, you can tell the person who previously owned it put it through the drier rather than line drying it.  They have a lot of high end brands listed on their website, but its rare to see any of that stuff in there. Expect to find things from Aeropostale, target, H & M, etc.  For an adult this place is probably great if you just need some disposable clothes for an event/vacation since it is so cheap, but as far as finding nice things to stock your wardrobe with, you would be better off shopping clearance racks at the mall.
1	I used to really enjoy shopping here, and regularly sold items here. Recently, the staff has changed, they keep rearranging the store, and they haven't been buying anything cute OR high quality. You can look on their racks and find things with tears and stains in it. The girls barely examine the items before making a purchase. Also, apparently they have changed their rules all of the sudden, which I don't appreciate because they've had the same policies since the 90s and I've been shopping here for years. They now only will accept buys from people over 18, regardless of if you have ID or not. I'm pretty pissed about this because like I said, I've been buying and selling here for years with no problem. The new staff team is terrible. They constantly play their awful, inappropriate music over the speakers, and they aren't nearly as attentive to customers as the last girls were. Everything about this place has just gone down the drain, which is really a shame because this used to be one of my favorite places to shop. I will not be returning here ever again, but at least I can be happy about The Street being next door so I can enjoy some boba.
5	This is one of my favorite 2nd hand shops.  They give you money on the spot for your unwanted clothing, shoes, jewelry and purses.  Their purchasing system is smart.  They have about 5 stations so that several people can layout their items at a time. This makes things go a lot quicker. They almost always purchase from me and I get an average of $2 per item. Not too bad.  As far as purchasing from them, I find a lot of cute, affordable jewelry.  They also have a large selection of shoes. When I need shoes, I always look here first before buying a new pair elsewhere.*Check in on Yelp for $2 off any purchase!!*
