4	So I am going thru first-time-remodeling-a-home-anxiety (hellloo... the 80s called and wants all their light fixtures back!)...Call me naive.. but where do you go to find light fixtures after Lowe's, Home Depot and Lamps Plus?!  By chance I drove by this store after a Lowe's light fixture purchase that I wasn't completely in love with...THIS is my holy grail lighting store (does it count if I've only been to 4 places?!  But I don't want to order online... I'm a touchy feely home decorator apparently...)  Many styles without being dated & cheesey and prices of all ranges (whereas Lamps Plus just made my eyes bug).  The sales assoc was so kind and friendly, willing to climb up and down ladders to look at price tags and gave me info sheets on the models I was interested in.  As each outdated fixture goes, I'll be enthusiastically stopping by here...
5	What a great experience!  Had a fun time shopping, and Shawn let me take home catalogs to find just what I wanted.  They aren't installed yet, but the "hunt" is over.  I would certainly recommend this place to others.
5	Had a great experience shopping for lighting and ceiling fans here. They have a nice variety of lights and fans on display. They can also order anything from a huge selection of catalogs. Ashley and Shawn were both extremely helpful with all our questions. They helped me find a kitchen under-cabinet LED lighting system to fit my needs. They showed me samples, explained installation considerations, and custom-fit a solution for me.  I bought all the parts from them, but unfortunately, I wasn't able to go with it due to a problem my electrician uncovered in my kitchen. Lighting Design cheerfully refunded my full purchase with no hassle. Will definitely shop there again for lighting or ceiling fans.
5	With a friendly, knowledgeable staff and a great selection of lights this is a great place to shop for your lighting decor.  Take time to look around because they have a wide range of products other than lights - they have funiture pieces, mirrors and misc art that can make get accessories in any room.  Shopping here is fun as well as beneficial. And an extra bonus is that the prices are comparable or better when they have a sale. If you don't see what you are looking for they have lots and lots of catalogs and they are very good about helping you.
5	Went in looking for a ceiling fan that would provide good lighting. After a long search and a sales associate with the patience of Job (Sean) I was able to find the perfect one.  Not only was the customer service amazing but I also came away with a much nicer product for the money than I expected to be able to afford.  Thank again!
5	We have now worked with this company 3 different times. Each time they were very professional, helpful and gave us the best prices around. I am always amazed at the quality we can get for the prices that they offer. This is definitely should be your go to place for lighting!!!
5	This is a great store with very helpful and friendly employees! We had been shopping for outdoor lights for a while now and my husband and I finally managed to find some we agreed on at Lighting Design. They had a lot of options that were better quality and a more custom designer look than just the basic stuff at the big box stores. And we had been to Lamps Plus but that place is just plain overwhelming. At Lighting Design they just had one wall of outdoor options with one sample from each design. The friendly salesman explained that each piece was available in various sizes and finishes and so once we narrowed it down to a couple we liked he could look up what the options were in a catalog. So, you actually have a lot of choices but it is not so overwhelming when you break it down that way.They also had a lower installation charge ($20 per piece) than any of the other stores we looked at. And when the guys came out to do the job even though I wasn't there, my hubby said they were friendly and quick.
4	I'd spent ages trying to find the right drum shade for our newly remodelled kitchen. I went to a number of light stores and just couldn't find the right one. Most sales people suggested I look online but Niki at Lighting Design took notes about my preferences and came up with three styles to look at. We chose one which needed modifying (longer electrical cord) and she arranged for that. Whilst there were some problems with the light fixture when it arrived from the supplier, Niki worked with them to get a replacement and their crew installed the shade for me. I would definitely return to this store for any future lighting needs.
