5	Note to self. Edinburgh restaurants close early. We realized it was 9:45 PM, so asked hotel for a reco. That said, we taxied a few miles out away from the Royal Mile, headed for Italian... Dario's I think. Our driver said to try another Italian restaurant across the street but I saw the Kama Sutra sign beaming thru the rain and had remembered it scored high on Trip Advisor. Indian actually sounded good, so we gave it a shot.The greeter/waiter/comedic hero seemed surprised but pleased to see us. He seated us quietly aside from the two other patrons. Menus, wine please! Navinder (he had to spell and pronounce for me) told us the specials and I asked for his recos. During this time, we chatted up and after we mentioned we were from Ohio the talk rounded up to "hello Cleveland." Quote for quote we went on Spinal tap (I love him). Back to the food. I had a special starter, the scallops, which was the only low point of the meal. A little overlooked so despite the rich Indian flavors, a little hard going down. From here out however, everything else was fantastic.Man had the Achari Bathak Tikka - duck marinated in Indian spices. Divine, not gamey and very tender.  We split a plate of chicken stuffed dosa, plain nan and another special - monkfish that was deep fried, surrounded by potatoes and other steed veggies. Oh my God!  Delicious. Man ate most of the food while I gabbed with the staff. By this time, Navinder was joined by another server, the owner and the chef. We ended up staying on much longer talking about everything form the city to marriage to movie trivia and closed the place with a special drink concocted by the second waiter. I remember him mentioning elderberry something or other. The chef was the sweetest man alive and truly interested in our feedback. The owner was hilarious. Just a joy to chat with. I particularly loved his take on how important service is. He also knew every movie I threw at him. Rushmore!?!  Come on, that's impressive.We got pix with the team and received a nice send off as we headed back in the rain to our hotel. Sated and silly from a great night out. Highly recommend this place and their original spot in Glasgow. One of the best dining experiences ever. Wish we could transplant them back to the states. HELLO CLEVELAND!
4	Good food and very friendly staff! I have been back many times!
5	BEST BUTTER CHICKEN in the whole wide world!!On our recent visit to Scotland, we stayed at Sheraton. Just as we stepped outside the hotel, we spotted this Indian restaurant, across the street.We ordered Chicken Korma & Paratha for dinner. When the Chicken Korma arrived on the table, my husband asked the waiter for some hot sauce in order to spice up the dish,like most Indians would do. The waiter went back, and instead of the hot sauce, arrived a very polite & cordial gentleman - Alok Singh, the Manager of the restaurant. Seeing we are Indians who might not prefer a mild dish like Chicken Korma, which we had already ordered, he asked the waiter to take the Korma away from our table. He proactively offered to order a dish of Butter Chicken to us. We both were a little startled, embarrassed but definitely appreciated his gesture eventually. Great customer service indeed! Once the Butter Chicken arrived, not only did my husband NOT ask for any hot sauce this time, he heartily enjoyed the lip-smacking dish and inferred this is "the BEST Butter Chicken I have ever had"! He meant he had never even tasted anything close to this flavorful dish, even in any restaurant in India.We couldn't help going back to Kama Sutra on the following night for dinner....and no prize for guessing - we ordered Cheese Naan & OF COURSE...... BUTTER CHICKEN!!! :)
4	Despite its name, there are not a bunch of people hanging out here in precarious sex positions. Instead, there are a bunch of people hanging out here eating delicious Indian food. I, too, ate some of this delicious food and have to say I'd definitely recommend it. NOM.
4	I tried this bizarrely named Indian restaurant on my last trip to Edinburgh (note: over a year ago) and was delighted with the food, drinks and service. The interior of the restaurant was beautiful, spacious, well-lit - and not at all sleazy or as wacky as its name suggests! The menu is a nice change from the standard Indian restaurants one finds in Europe. From what I recall, some of the staple Indian curries were available, but most of the dishes on offer would be relatively unknown to the non-Indian diner. This encouraged me to try something new (nope, I can't remember what it was now!), and I wasn't disappointed. The waiter knew some of the options were a bit unconventional, and gladly answered all the questions we had about level of spicyness, comparison to other dishes, etc. Portions were slightly small and prices were slightly high considering its location. Yet the great service made up for it. We arrived at the restaurant late, and after our meal asked if we could order drinks. The waiter explained the restaurant was closing but he would keep the bar open slightly later so we could have some cocktails. Such a nice gesture, and I recall the cocktails being fantastic. I will definitely return on my next visit to Edinburgh.
