1	Stopped in while engagement ring shopping with my fiancee's sister. Was greeted buy a guy with lots of unsightly tattoos and big hoops in his ear, not exactly the type of person to sell jewelry but I kept an open mind. We asked to see a couple rings and their price, he slid a catalog toward us and said "they're all in there". He then walked away and talked on his cell phone behind the counter toward the back. He ignored us from there. I was ready to drop thousands on a ring but couldn't get the time of day. On the way out, a lady asked if we had been helped. It's a small shop, so the service was so bad they didn't even realize someone had helped us. I said "sort of" and just walked out. The staff should be ashamed of their behavior.
1	Rude staff. Upon arrival I noticed three employees with unhappy looks on their faces and immediately thought to myself this is not going to be a pleasant experience. To my surprise I was greeted by one of the staff while the others ignored me. You have to imagine this is a small store and everyone is with in talking distance to each other.I told the staff that greeted me that I was here for my 6months checkup of the two purchases I made within the year. I was then asked if I had brought my paperwork with me. I replied that I did not bring any paperwork with me and asked if my information could be found with a name search. The staff member seemed irritated and said she could run a search but data isn't always found. She continues to ask me when I made the purchase I replied within the past 6months. Then a 2nd employee interrupts and pretty much scolded me and said "you should always bring paperwork with you." I replied that I was told paperwork wasn't necessary when I first made the purchase. Then the 3rd employee says in a snarky tone, "I believe it says in the paperwork to bring the paperwork. I reply again that I was told paperwork wasn't necessary upon purchase. Overall I felt like I was being attacked by the employees of Kay jewelers. As most people would say if you are unhappy with your job then find another one. Those employees give Kay jewelers a bad rep and I would think twice about returning for future purchases.
1	This place is a joke. Crappy service, crappy staff, crappy inventory. Don't bother. Rude, rude, rude.
5	I recently had the pleasure of visiting this Kay store recently, and I had a great experience. They had a low pressure environment and I found what I wanted with the help of the staff, not the item with the largest price tag. Plan on returning in the future to get another watch. Thanks guys..
