4	I've been to this location a number of times, but I have to admit that this last visit was the best.  I was immediately greeted and brought to the appropriate section, where a friendly blue-shirted employee helped me figure out whether the "one-size-fits-all" laptop power adaptor would work for my netbook.  We sadly determined it wouldn't work, and I walked towards the exit, only to be met by the same greeter.  She helpfully told me about Best Buy's parts program, expressing regret that the all-in-one solution wasn't going to work for me.  Whatever they've done here, color me impressed.  Figure out how to hang on to the management staff at this location, Best Buy!
4	Always very helpful! Went in with my Great Uncle and they were very attentive and gave some great advice to what we were looking for.
3	This best buy is within walking distance of my Apartment....and while it is nothing spectacular....it is fairly decent. It can be disorganized at times....and especially on Tuesday's when new material comes out. There have been times when there has been no table near the front entrance or in the rear of the store with all the new releases on it. I know this is a best buy tradition at most all stores I have been to anyway....and on some Tuesday's it is just not there and that can be very disappointing. I will say the Staff is honest and courteous at least especially the customer service staff....and Jeri in the Camera section is a very helpful staff member. So while this locale wouldn't be my first choice for my electronic gear....it certainly wouldn't be my last either. Eat, Drink and be Merry my Friends.
1	Terrible customer service.Enter store, go to Ipod location.Employee Nick looks at me.  Says nothing.I say I need an Ipod Classic.He tilts head toward his microphone and calls for a key to open the case.Opens case, removes Ipod, nods toward cash register.Asks if I am part of some rewards program (he mumbled so I'm not sure what program he was asking about)Rings up sale.  Tells me the amount.I pay.  He pushes item towards me then says 'Do you want a bag?'I wait for him to say thank you. . . not happening, he never says another word.  I say 'You're welcome'End of transaction.Hello Fry's Electronics!
4	I've never had a bad experience at this Best Buy, but also haven't had a spectacular one either. My most recent experience was when I came here to purchase and iPad 2. As I entered the store I was greeted with an employee/security guard and which I time I asked him where the iPads would be located, he pointed and gave verbal direction at which point I said, "thanks" and meandered over. There was a rather large lighted display with four iPads you can play with, which I gladly did for about ten minutes before I realized I hadn't seen one employee around to ask for help or rather have them ask me if I needed any help. When I finished watching a SNL YouTube video I made way towards a group of three employees standing behind a desk and asked for help. One jumped up and cheerfully walked over to the iPad stand and answered any and all questions I would have. He was very helpful (after I initiated everything) and when I settled on the type I wanted he went back and brought me out a brand new one and one that had been returned that I could get with a 10% discount. I asked if I could take the used one out of the box and inspect it and he was more then happy to open the box up and let me hold it and every which angle, under every light source I could find to make sure there where not any scratches (there weren't).  I, of course, jumped at the extra 10% off one and he walked me up to the front counter and which point I snagged my very own iPad, what what!
4	This best buy is pretty nice. The staff are friendly, they normally have a good selection.
2	Lets just say when a customer walks in, your personal conversation needs to come to an end.  Sadly the Reps in the cell phone department didn't do that, and didn't offer any assistance until after I said Lets go.  When we asked about a specific phone, they had no idea what we were talking about so we had to leave anyway.No wonder they are going out of business, it's more of a playtime for the employee's as apposed to a work place.
5	Thank you, thank you geek squad for getting my computer up and running again. This is my lifeline. They were very helpful
4	I like this Best Buy better than the one near home because the parking is so much better. The front of the store, as seen from the outside, can look a bit deceiving -- it looks like the place is closed. It isn't, though, so go on in! The guy at the front greeted me when I walked in. My sister recently got me into The Big Bang Theory and I was on a mission to find Season 2 (found, by the way). Best Buy stores' inventory of various items, like CDs, DVDs, and laptops, have continued to decline in recent years due to iTunes, Netflix, hulu, and tablets but they still stock electronics and the other items you typically shop for at Best Buy. I was desperate for the next season of TBBT or I probably would have shopped online. But -- if you need Best Buy, I recommend this one over other locations in the Phoenix area. It was and easy in-and-out.
1	Don't buy here!!! They are liars and cheats. I brought in my hp laptop I bought at this store ($699.00) to the geek squad because it wouldn't power up. They said they had to send it to Kentucky for possible repair at a cost of $35.00. A week later "Kentucky" called said it was to old to fix ( it is 4years old) & I should buy a new one. So I did. I gave the old computer to a friend, he changed the battery & power cord & voila!!!! It works fine!!!!! Really?!?! Luckily I hadn't picked up the new one yet so they reluctantly gave me my money back. Never again will I use this store.
1	Went into this store looking to purchase a rooftop antenna. Wandered the store twice looking for anything like what I was looking for, could only find the small inside type. Passed by so many employees who either diverted their eyes away from me or they were in such deep conversation with their fellow employees that they did not even notice me . I just got frustrated  and left the store. The only person to talk to me was the guy at the door who said hello and goodbye. Went home and purchased online. This is one of the reasons I think stores like this will fail and shut down.
1	I have a misleading cited to shop at best buy again. I bought my laptop there in December, after an update it stopped working. Spent hours on the phone with the manufacturer who told me Best Buy would cover this they didn't care to even look at the computer. Its funny I brought it in the original box and packaging and everything. Horrible customer service.
5	I just want to acknowledge the amazing customer service that I got on September 14th by one of the mobile sales associates named Scott. When I went in I was just coming from t mobile because that's the carrier I thought I wanted after that didn't work I came to best buy and got Scott, I explained that I wasn't sure what I wanted he then explained all the plans to me. I then chose to stay with verizon and just figure out how to lower my bill but as we were doing this my phone completely stops working we then call many places to figure out that t mobile had taken my phone number and now verizon didn't even recognize it. So anyways Scott sat with me and called so many places for FIVE HOURS. He never stop trying and did everything he could and eventually we got my phone working and good to go! I just wanted to say thank you again to him! He is so helpful and overall the best customer service I have ever had! I will be sure to try and go back to him anytime I need phone help! :)
5	I always buy my electronics at Best Buy and I'm so glad I bought my latest laptop there because I had the Sales Team Specialist, Quy Troung helping me.  He's a wealth of information and had great insight and knowledge about the brands, products, specs and answers to all my questions. I would recommend everyone to seek out Quy as he's the best expert I've found in all my visits to all the different Best Buys throughout the U.S.  Thank you Quy!! I appreciate your help and the time you spent with me, guiding me through all the brands and features.
5	To avoid the Black Friday crowds, I placed an order for a TV online. It was set up for delivery a few days later but I called in to schedule an in store pick up. When I arrived at this store, there was some confusion about my pick up. Corey from home theater did some digging and informed me about the mix up. He delivered great customer service and despite not being able to fix the problem immediately, he was helpful on informing me about the status of my TV. He also helped tremendously with our shopping for a dishwasher and purchase of a TV mount that day. Regardless of the mix up with my TV, it was great to have him work with us.
2	I try not to go to Best Buy at all cost because I'm accustom to receive poor customer service when I go there.  Every now and then, I find myself going there because there simply isn't any other retailer who sells certain items.Today, for example, I ordered a Logitech Bluetooth keyboard online to pick-up in store.  The Website said that the item was in-stock at this local Best Buy.  I like using the pick-up in store option whenever possible because I like knowing ahead of time that they have the item and that it's waiting for me.I made my order first thing in the morning and never received a confirmation email.  Typically, you receive a confirmation email no more than 1 hour after you have placed and paid for your order online.  I decided to go to the store to find out that they had my item in the back but that I couldn't have it yet.  When I explained that I had plans this evening and that I wouldn't be able to pick-up my item later, they simply stated that there was nothing they could do.  I asked them why they couldn't just go in the back of house to grab my item that I had already paid for but they said they just couldn't do that.This is frustrating for 2 reasons:  1.)  It shouldn't take that long to purchase something online to pick-up in store and 2.) I don't understand why someone can't simply go in the back to grab the item that I've already purchased.I think I would have been a little more forgiving if the customer service had been better and felt that the person I was speaking with had an ounce of empathy.  Then again, this is Best Buy.  What did I expect?
1	I will never buy firm thus store again. Firstly the Samsung Experience People couldn't help me and couldn't even get their software up to reboot my tablet. ....tgen when they did they couldn't figure  out why my tablet was stuck on the boot up......horrible people who don't know a thing about their products. I am in the store now and no person to be found to give me back my tablet....called fir the best But Manager and he is nowhere to be found either.....WTF.....horrible customer service from everyone....never will I buy from Samsung or Best Buy again.....hope their happy losing a customer for life.
1	Went to this Best Buy with the intention of looking at, and maybe buying a kick ass audio system for Christmas. Not a single person could be found to help me, standing there for over an hour. The store wasn't even busy. I was in the Magnolia section and the regular audio section. I went to find help, but there was very little to be found. The few kids who were working didn't even seem to notice I was there, and walked right by me several times . Oh well, I guess this is one reason Best Buy is in trouble. I'm taking my $$$ elsewhere.
4	Found what I needed by browsing around, though there were plenty of employees I could have asked. Maybe because it's Christmas Eve? Good prices and item was in stock.
1	I will never buy from this store again. Firstly the Samsung Experience People couldn't help me and couldn't even get their software up to reboot my tablet. ....then when they did they couldn't figure  out why my tablet was stuck on the boot up......horrible people who don't know a thing about their products and kept my tablet for 2 days. I am in the store now and no person to be found to give me back my tablet....called for the best But Manager and he is nowhere to be found either.....WTF.....horrible customer service from everyone....never will I buy from Samsung or Best Buy again.....hope their happy losing a customer for life.
