2	Not really an ' employment ' or temp firm. They offer seasonal, workload-based jobs outbound calling political surveys. Work is on a day-to-day, start time is 2:30 pm, and end time varies daily based on workload. $9/hr. many days you will call in to schedule and they won't be able to 'place' you for weeks. Do not bother applying or wasting time interviewing here. A/k/a mcguire research. Just work at a DQ drive thru nextdoor- 100x more legitThe management clearly treats the employees like they are all trash and jokes about preying on old disabled and poor.
1	The woman answering the scheduling line is a complete idiot and very unprofessional. She has no business answering the phones. I called the main line 3 times and there are only 2 options, option#8 for scheduling and option #1 for everything else. Each of the 3 times I called and pressed #1, it would play music for about 30 seconds and then hang up. So the fourth time I called and pushed #8. This is when this ghetto ass woman answered the phone. She answered and says, "Hello, do you meed to reschedule ?"...I replied, "no, I couldnt speak to anyone, it kept hanging - then before i could finish, the idiot started talking over me. She was a total idiot. I told her i wasnt done talking to her, I wanted to tell her what happened then this idiot says, "well youre done talking to me because I dont care who you are, we dont answer thatLine until 10am, and then the bitch hung up. Straight ghetto ass unprofessional bitch. Why do they have trash like this answering the phones. Makes anyone wanting to work here look elsewhere when they're hiring transients off the street.
3	They're also known as McGuire Research. This would be a good job for a teenager, or for someone trying to get into or get back into the working class. Training is awesome, and the trainer is very great and thorough. Once you get into work though, you will be disappointed in how your workspace looks like. You're shoulder to shoulder with other 300+ employees (literally) and there's only 2 bathrooms for you all to use. It is not the best place to work, but if you're desperate, go here. It's better than a couple of other places I have worked at during tough times. Also, the people above you are very nice (above meaning supervisors, schedulers, office workers). It's not a place to stay at forever, unless you speak Cantonese. They pay Cantonese speakers I believe $14+ an hour.
