5	This guy is fantastic. Can't recommend him high enough. Very reasonably priced, he will come to your house and repair your furniture. In my case I had purchased three relatively expensive bar stools from Ashley Furniture. They would not send technicians to repair so I was on my own. Cornelio fixed the chairs.
5	Very quick and efficient repair service. We sent him text with images of our problem furniture in need of upholstery repair. Came directly to our house and fixed it here.Great work.
5	Cornelio is awesome! Very fast and efficient pays attention to detail. I sent him photos via text of the bench I needed repaired. He came over to my home and fixed it for me which was super convenient. His prices are very reasonable as well.
5	We are blown away at the repair job he did for us!! Our puppy had chewed up the corner of our famlies very nice, antique oak bed and he fixed it no problem! I sent him a text of the damage a few days before he was scheduled to come out and the paint matched the color of the bed perfectly! He was quick and did an amazing job at an affordable price for us. We are new to Las Vegas and so happy we have found our forever repair man!!
5	Cornelio did an amazing job repairing the broken arm of our sectional. He came out the same day, was fast, friendly, and professional. I had a hard time finding someone who could/would take the time to do this repair for us, and I thought I'd have to just live with the damage or buy a whole new sectional, but Cornelio made it look like new again! He is very reasonably priced and does wonderful work. I highly recommend him! :)
5	If you need a couch repaired, Cornelio is who you should call. My husband says our couch is better than brand new! Cornelio spent about 4 hours fixing a broken wood support beam on the chaise portion of our sectional, a footrest of the recliner portion of the sectional & resewing a portion of the backrest.  I felt comfortable with him in my home & would recommend him to my family & friends.
1	called this guy, sent him photos of easy repair. he never called me back. guess he doesn't need the business.
1	STAY AWAY from this guy. While he is very nice.. he is EXTREMELY flaky! I hired him in late August for what I was told a job that would complete in a week or two. It is now late November and not only is the job not complete but he won't return my calls, emails and texts to give me my fabric back! I've been trying to reach him for over a month and he just disappeared with my fabric and one of my chairs! VERY unprofessional.
