4	While on the hunt for the Penezy's spice market, we discovered the Choice Pet Market.  Being an owner of three cute kitties, we decided to check them out and see if they had anything special. The first few isles and the entire left wall was devoted to cats.  We picked up a few bags of treats and the best cat toy ever.  An automatic laser light, you can set for 15 minutes and it automatically turns off.  We have used a manual laser light, but after a few minutes, my arm gets tired, so this is great, we can exercise or play with the cats while watching without getting cramps in the arm.  It's been a great addition to our endless supply of cat toys!  As for the treats, they didn't really seem too interested, and the prices, well, they were a little bit high end.  I guess if you spoil the pet, price wouldn't make much difference.
4	Great selection of boutique pet products, loved how the woman who helped me gave me a great tip on Yak Bones
5	Not a breeder -- huge plus, im very against inhumane animal practices and its awesome that they've signed a contract with the humane society to not breed. I will continue to support businesses like this
4	My friend  voulunteered to care for the dogs who were waiting for adoption at this location so I stopped by to check out the store. Choice Pet Market's prices are much higher than either Petco or Petsmart, but there is a unique selection of toys that is different from the other chains. I wasn't in the market for toys, though so I didnt buy anything.
5	Four years ago, the knowledgeable staff at Choice Pet Market virtually saved the lives of my two little Yorkies by introducing us to their many grain-free food and treat options.  Who wouldn't love them for that!?!?!?Since then it's always been a joyful outing when I take my "little boys" to Choice Pet Market -- especially this shop, which we consider our "home base" for all kinds of healthy foods and treats.  The staff is always professional, cheerful, helpful and knowledgeable -- and most importantly -- ready to get down to Yorkie-level and have some FUN!Fifo has been managing the Phoenix area stores for a few years now and I've seen such an improvement..  The quality of service and the quality of shopping experience is just more personal and more enjoyable than ever before.  I'll be honest. you will pay a little more and rightly so because -- aside from the great service and lovely experience -- the products are both "upscale" AND of the very highest quality available.  Many items they sell, including a lot of the consumable products, are made in the USA.Jen is the manager of the Tatum and Shea location in Phoenix and we're always so happy to see her -- she really knows her business inside and out! The store always looks just beautiful!  The shelves are so neatly stocked and always full of products -- everything from food and treats to clothing, containment (strollers to crates to carriers) and an enormous selection of very posh beds.  Choice Pet Market caters to dogs of all sizes as well as cats and other companion creatures.This Choice  Pet Market store is conveniently located near in the same mall as Whole Foods and Trader Joe's -- PLUS -- The Vitamin Shoppe, The Mens' Warehouse, 2 traditional grocers, Ross, Bed, Bath and Beyond, several great restaurants and much more right around the same intersection, which makes errands a breeze!Here's a TIP: buy one or more of their Choice Pet Market branded shopping bags (well worth the few dollars cost) and every time you come back and use it at the store, they make a donation to benefit animals!Weekends are filled with fun with adoptions available through the regular on site presence of local rescue organizations (check the web site for schedule).  We also shop at the Glendale location (Celeste is awesome) and the store at Scottsdale Road and Shea.  One other associate we love and who's been a huge help is Sami (rotates locations?).Yes, we have our favorites, but just go ahead and sop one of the several Valley locations that are nearest you -- somehow, Choice Pet Market has a way of attracting some of the very smartest and nicest employees I've ever encountered in retail -- and every one is a genuine animal lover!!!  You'll enjoy yourself and leave happy, I'm certain of it!
4	Their staff is incredibly knowledgeable!  Especially the young, pretty gal at the Tatum location who is their staff cat expert. She gave me excellent advice and helped me with ideas for new food and grooming tips for my epileptic cat!
5	Great selection of food and toys.  The staff is always friendly and willing to make suggestions. No better place to buy our dog food.
5	My little Yorkies and I continue to be happy, loyal customers of Choice Pet Markets and especially this location. The staff turnover has settled down since Fifo took over the region (he seems to be working some kind of special managerial magic -- several new stores opened, happy friendly employees, happy loyal customers -- YAY, Fifo!). We were happy to discover that one of our favorites, Megan, is now the manager and would like to thank another favorite Christopher (aka, "Chrsiter") for his professionalism, kindness and excellent help this past year.  "Special mention" goes to Bryan, Garren, Samantha and one other young woman who's name I've misplaced (she took my call in early-mid June and gave me a helpful update about our special order dog food... I think she usually works at Scottdale/Shea or in Tempe/East valley???)Anyway....  When "George Clooney the Yorkie" and "Pierce Brosnan the Yorkie" recently were in to have their teeth cleaned, our awesome vet remarked on what frisky, healthy, happy little boys they were!  That wasn't the case when we first found Choice Pet's quality food just over 5 years ago....  I regularly recommend both the store and the adoption events to friends, neighbors and other doggie parents we meet -- with complete confidence!You all ROCK and we might have been completely lost without you so thank you!
5	This is my favorite pet store! Though the prices are significantly higher than say Petco, Its the service and selection that we come back for.We have a special needs dog that is older and has severe skin / allergy problems.   -One of the associate gals (Samantha) suggested us to try a grain - free food. And  WOW! Let me tell you within a MONTH her skin is clear and she is no longer suffering from itchiness. It is like she is a whole new dog! She is happy, Wife is happy and that makes ME happy!Thanks much to Samantha for taking the extra time to help us.Thank you to choice pet market for offering a large variety of foods to keep our pets happy and healthy as they grow old! :)
