3	A perfectly comfortable hotel, clean and shiny-new.  It was staffed by some of the friendliest hotel people I've ever met, too.The free breakfast is typical continental-type fare, though the coffee is good.  The wireless internet is abysmal.  It would generally provide me with about 12-15 megabytes of content before slowing to a crawl.If you're attending sporting events in Pittsburgh, you can't beat the location.  It's a one-block walk to PNC Park, and a two-block walk to Heinz Field.  It's also a two-block walk to the amazing Warhol Museum, though I suspect most of this hotel's guests won't even notice that fact.
4	No complaints...typical Hyatt Place decor, nice rooms, good location especially if there's sports/events going on. Staff was mad cool too.  My go-to spot when I'm visiting the 'Burgh
4	I stayed at this Hyatt Place just for one night and was pretty impressedThe location is amazing, right in between Heinz Field and PNC Park. The views are great and the hotel is posh and clean. My room was amazing; the bed was the most comfy bed I've slept in, in a hotel and I travel ALOT, so that's saying something!I'll be back if the rates aren't too bad. I had a free night which is why I stayed here this time, so we'll see. Cheers!
3	I stayed for one night... It's a gorgeous hotel, expensive too. But it's in a great area.. Walking distance between Heinz field and PNC park. The room is nicely decorated. Hyatt has an indoor pool, continental breakfast, and they provide toothpaste in the room as well.The only negative I see about it is, ontop of the costly room... The parking was 18.00! The room wasn't designed great either, let me explain; The sink and vanity is infront of the bed, with the toilet and shower in a room to the side.. For someone sleeping, that's disturbing to me. Also, the pillows hurt my neck, they were the "extra-fluffy" kind that have your head sunken in so far you feel yourself suffocating. Oh, and as I mentioned in my other hotel post, I like my drawer space. They had three dinky drawers, not enough space for a week of womens clothes.
3	In general I like the Hyatt Place brand. I've stayed in several over the past few years and they are pretty standard (in a good way) in that they are well appointed, comfortable, a bit more upscale than other versions of Hyatt, and really geared at business travelers...Meaning: *free wifi*breakfast (this one offers complimentary continental) *lots of seating in the lobby*easy check-in, great staff, very accommodating*This location offers 24 hour food options (very nice) *most rooms are suites with desks, etc. My stay at the Pittsburgh Hyatt Place? AOK. All the usual pluses and then a few minuses: *The vent blew cold air on me ALL night. It was 20 degrees out. I'd driven 600 miles. I just wanted a warm room and sleep. A heater clicking on and off all night and then blowing cold air made me somewhat murderous. It was late in the night and I didn't feel like moving and/or having anyone in my room to fix it.*Parking cost $18. There were approximately 6 cars in the lot. I can see charging that when the Steelers are playing, but otherwise...offer complimentary parking to your guests that are paying $200+ for a room on a Sunday night in December (read: DEAD AS A DOORNAIL). Overall, AOK.
2	There were a lot of little things that were wrong with this place, but the little things eventually add up. First, the housekeeping staff is terrible. They should be fired! Our room had cereal on the floor when we checked in, and it looked like some soda had been spilled on the chair and not really cleaned off. We stayed 2 nights, and housekeeping never made up our room after the 1st night. Second, the room itself sucks. For $200-something a night, it's pretty small, and the design of it is odd.  Also, the pool is small and wasn't well air-conditioned. The free breakfast was hardly worth waking up for, especially because they didn't have several of the items they falsely advertise on their website. Yes you get 24-hour food, but you have to pay for it and it's overpriced (I think for $200-something a night, you should get free snacks and stuff). Parking for $18 a day is a rip off considering it's just a lot that anyone could sneak into and break into your car...it's effectively the same as if you left it on the street overnight. There is a free shuttle that takes you within a 3 mile radius and picks you up, but it took almost 30 minutes for it to come get us from Market Square downtown. I have stayed in many hotels, and I know that what sets a hotel apart often comes down to the smaller stuff, and this place just fails to deliver. Yeah, the Hyatt has a good location, but so do a lot of other hotels in the area. The only redeeming quality of this place is the friendly front desk staff. They are happy to offer advice to you if you don't know the city, and greet you in a pleasant manner every time you walk in.
4	This was my first time staying at a Hyatt Place (I usually stay at the Hyatt Regency brand). Now having stayed in both it is hard to say which brand I like better. Aside from location to where you need to be there are definitely pros and downsides to both brands that must be considered. One thing I missed (and I'm not sure if this is true of all Hyatt Place properties or just the one I stayed at) is that you do not get access to hyatt-concierge online prior to your stay.Another special thing to Hyatt Place properties and one thing most people will probably like about this hotel is the free WiFi Internet through the entire hotel (in the rooms not just the lobby). To Platinum and Diamond members of Hyatt Gold Passport this will be a useless benefit as it's free for us anyways. Plat and Diam members should also note that at this level of hotel the preferred room upgrade does not apply and there is no special check in counter (however this hotel wasn't very busy at the time rendering these two benefits slightly unnecessary).The room was rather spacious and was very clean including the shower area. The pool was heated and very clean as well and ranged from 3' to 5'. The gym was a little sparse from what I am used to at hyatts but there was technically all you needed (cardio machines and dumbbells) - there were just no resistance machines.The breakfast looked good but had nothing I really eat. There were English muffin sandwiches, bakery, pancakes, toast, donuts, etc....very carb heavy! There was a bowl of mixed fruit but it tasted funny so I grabbed a banana and coffee and left. The seating in the galley area was very comfy though and it was a nice place outside your room to relax or work (if the ballrooms are not in use otherwise it is super loud). I also figured out there is a shuttle that will drive you 3 miles in any direction. And finally I do recommend walking the riverfront in the evening. If you just go straight out of the hotel you can go down by the water or cross over to downtown and point state park.
3	I stayed for 1 night.  It was okay, but for almost $200 per night (and that includes a government discount), I expect way more.  The room was clean and modern.  However, the heating/ac is on this weird system that requires that patron to insert their hotel access card into the room thermostat, in order to activite it.  Thus, my room was freezing cold when I checked-in (I stayed in February).  It took about 1-2 hours for the room to warm up to a comfortable temperature.The continental breakfast is a joke.  Some cereal, a bunch of unripened fruit, and min-little debbie-esque donuts.....what bull.
3	This was my first time going to Pittsburgh and I have to say the location was great!! We went to a football game and it was wonderful just to walk home! The rooms were comfortable..not the cleanest at some points but ok. The bed was very comfortable and the sofa is a perk in order to relax and watch TV. I would stay here again for sure if going to a Pirates or Steelers game. Very nice hospitality!
2	Working in The 'Burgh for a few days!But my room has a bit of a funk when I start up the ac...Clean the ac condencers folks....
4	Pros: Very nice staff. Clean (and big-due to couch area) rooms. There is a mini fridge, which is great for us! Plugs everywhere, so I can move my phone,etc anywhere and have it still charging.Close to PNC ParkShuttle will take you anywhere within 3 miles!Cons: Three tiny drawers and one tiny closet. Boo. Have to agree about the sink area being open to the bed area. Sucks. Also, because we had a two queen room, I couldn't get get the desk chair over to the sink area to be able to sit and do my hair/makeup. We cabbed it herefrom the airport ($40), so we didnt have to deal with the parking fee.
4	Nice & clean very spacious small problem with my room, they double charged on parking, but they fixed it..I d give them them 5*s if the heating system was better and I can get some fresh air..
2	What a major disappointment from Hyatt. I used to be a Marriott man, but have been staying in Hyatt properties very regularly for the past couple of years. At checkin, they didn't even acknowledge that I was a Platinum member, much less offer anything. The room looked nice, but the bed was hard as a rock, pillows were paper thin, and the air conditioner sounded like a freight train every time it started up. Now, I could have chalked that up to the room, but a co-worker is staying here as well in a different room and he said his is the same way. Lots of constant rattles, creaks, and various other noises going on in here. Pretty sad, I have stayed at many Hyatt Place hotels before and it has always been a good experience. The one positive thing I will say is that the staff is very nice, beyond that, thumbs down. I have a group of folks that will be working in Pittsburg for the next several weeks to a couple of months, and I wont be putting them here. Nor will I be staying here again.
5	Wonderful staff. Outstanding location. Big rooms very comfortable beds. If you are going to PNC park, stay at the Hyatt. Secured parking area that is fenced in. Great computer area and excellent WiFi.
4	Came here for a business trip from California. Our flight was delayed so we didn't get in until 9:00 AM and were already late for a morning meeting on arrival at the hotel. They let us check in early so we could clean up and served us breakfast on the house after hearing about our ordeal. Needless to say, the staff was super accommodating. The rooms were also clean and comfortable. Had a great experience. Would have given them five stars except the gym was a little lacking. Overall, highly recommended.
3	Overall okay experience, but for the price, I would have expected them to be more on top of things. They have a very young staff -- interacting with the front desk feels like ordering a latte at a college town coffee shop. PROS: Complimentary coffee.Comfortable "gallery" (lobby/bar/coffee shop)Free wifiClean and unstinky room.CONS:Free wifi connectivity sucks in the rooms. You have to go downstairs to the "gallery" (lobby) for a decent connection.I ordered food and the girls working the front desk/cafe forgot to bring it out to me, then went off duty. When I talked to the one available staff member to ask for my money back, he brought out my food immediately and threw in a free muffin to make up for the mistake.The energy-saver light in the bathroom shower area is hella dark and insufficient. It's spooky in there.The in-room coffee maker was missing the part where the coffee goes, so I couldn't use it.The closet made the most annoying sound every time I opened it. I know it sounds like I'm being nitpicky but it really was an irritatingly loud squeak.The power plug in the bathroom was broken. Even tried the reset button. No good.The elevator makes an exceedingly loud squak sound for every floor it passes. Very nerve-wracking.Overall, if this hotel would pay more attention to the details, it would mean a much more comfortable stay for everyone.
1	Like my other hotel reviews,  this review is based solely on the fitness center.  As with most hotels it was predictably disappointing. 4-5 treadmills and a dumbbell rack with 5-50 lb dumbbells. It had decent open floor space since there wasn't even a bench,  let alone a cable station,  pull up bar or barbell. The fitness room also had that overpowering smell of carpet fresh vacuum powder that many hotels seem to favor nowadays. I left and drove to the LA fitness on the south side for a workout. I won't be staying at this hotel again. It's far too inconvenient to get a morning workout.
4	I want to start by saying that this hotel has really responsive customer service, and impressive service recovery. On checking out, you 're always asked "How was everything?". Typically I say "Fine" and leave it at that. This time I actually told them the truth: the first room I booked into had a failed door lock. The second room, an upgrade - and a very nice upgrade - had a heater that worked, but made awful noises. The hotel sent staff to address both problems right away, and on check out empowered staff to adjust the bill accordingly.This is great service from a hotel with a very nice layout, amenities and location. I have used the Hyatt Place brand when traveling for business. This trip was to visit my niece and nephew for Thanksgiving. We reserved two rooms for myself and two adult sons. I received an upgrade after the door lock problem. Beautiful room, really clean, spacious and an awesome view. My sons took an evening walk and found that the location was really ideal. The found an ice skating rink and enjoyed a night skate!!I'm very impressed with this property, the FREE wi-fi, the complimentary breakfast and the great customer service. I only deducted a star because you clearly should check room heaters when the weather turns, and working locks are integral to feeling secure when staying at any property.
