5	I used to live near here and spent many, many a wonderful night here! Great place-good mix of customers and fantastic staff!
4	The pub is great but where it really wins is the food - there's a little Italian restaurant upstairs - really reasonable and Nino and his staff really look after you. A great selection - quite basic but very tasty.
2	Not a bad pub, but tends to attract a strange clientele mix. Conveniently located out the front of Haymarket train station it has it's fair share of travellers and backpackers biding their time before their train comes along as well as those long time locals who come hail, rain or shine to prop up the bar ensuring it doesn't fall over.All the usual tipple available and the staff are friendly-ish. Not massive in size so be prepared to share a table with said locals or Hans and Helga from Dusseldorf.
3	One my one visit what did I see: a million football fans celebrating their team's win; a narrow defeat for my national rugby side in the presence of a national from the opposing side; a heaving bar with an efficient and relaxed bar staff; lots of singing (from the football fans).I see from the other reviews here that the food is well thought of, so I shall take the time to check this out one day. I could also see, through the massed ranks of sports fans waiting for their train home from the nearby Haymarket station, that on a quieter evening this is most likely an attractive place to spend an hour or two. The Haymarket junction has been ripped up and put back together several times recently as they develop the tram works: hopefully they haven't suffered too badly and have a more stable future ahead of them.
4	The bar that survived the tramworks at Haymarket station! Yes, it's a good old fashioned real ale pub, but it also feels modern. It's perfectly located within walking distance from the station, or staggering distance to the station, depending on which way you look at it.You walk in, and it's bright and clean, yet still kind of snug enough to feel old school. Walk up to the bar and you're hit with a flood of options on tap. There's well over 10 lagers and beers on draft, and as far as I could see as I observed (for research purposes, obviously) you get the correct branded glass for whatever drink you order, which makes me geek out a little.I ordered a pint of Deuchars, which is my personal favourite tipple, and it was cold, fresh and went down a treat having just came off a train. Yes, with the trains being close by, you can top up yourself if you're in danger of dehydrating and/or sobering up...Because of it's location, I sometimes overlook Ryrie's on my travels, which is a shame, I really should make more visits here... and so should you!
