5	This place is a real gem!  I feel so lucky that it's right across the street from my house.Fido's Funhouse is a wonderful doggie day/overnight camp, groomer and boutique.  I've taken my pomeranian there on a couple different occasions for both grooming and daycamp and I'm so impressed.  The place is immaculately clean, the staff is knowledgeable & friendly, and the dogs are well taken care of.Day camp consists of either a full or half day of supervised play in their indoor playground (separated into big and small dogs).  Overnight means your dog gets 12 hours of play in addition to their own sleeping cabin and fleece bed (no cages here!) and 24-hour supervision.Stop on in and take a tour of the place, it's so cool!
5	Having just relocated from the Northwest where there are tons of great doggy daycares, I started to panic a bit when locals in Phoenix told me that there aren't many daycares in the area.  Luckily I found out about Fido's after a vet in the area told me about the place.  I absolutely love this place, as does my high maintenance yellow lab.  The staff is extremely friendly and clearly love dogs, which is one of the most important things I look for in a doggy daycare.  And they give great baths.  As far as boarding, I will not leave my dog overnight at any daycare that does not have someone who is on site overnight in the event something happens.  Fido's always has someone stay the night, which gives me the peace of mind that I need when I'm traveling.  They also are picky about dogs who can stay there, which means that they screen out the aggressive dogs.  The only negative about this place is that it doesn't have any outdoor play areas, but given the heat around here, that fact doesn't impact my review and certainly won't keep me from going back.  I know that my dog is safe, pampered, and surrounded by friendly dogs and staff, which keeps me coming back.  Overall, a fantastic place that I will visit whenever necessary, even if it's a bit out of my way.
5	I found my dog when she was a stray, and she had major issues with people she didn't know.  I started taking her to Fido's and now Bella has become a well-adjusted, fairy friendly dog.  I give Fido's all the credit.  Not only does she get to play with dogs all day, she gets to cuddle with the employees and work on her social skills!  When she comes home, she's practically in a coma for a day because she's so tired.  I trust the employees and owners with her all day, and when I'm going out of town.  You just can't find any place like it.
