3	Shop here if you want to find great deals. The quality is not that great, but it's the kind of place you can get very lucky at. I found great sheets and Ralph Lauren towels and spent under $30 total, plus got a nice pocketbook. For those of you who like TJ Maxx, you will really like Ross. ** They've also got a decent home decor section with great bargains. **
3	Definitely find some bargain deals here...  but sometimes you don't find anything.  I guess that's the whole appeal of shopping and finding the best price for things, but I'm definitely not that kind of shopper.  I'm in and out pretty quickly with whatever I am looking for.Ross gives you good options and I like how the store is organized so you don't have to spend a ton of time in the store without knowing that you can't find anything.  I do appreciate their home goods section, every once in a while you can find a steal on picture frames, sheets, and towels... and some kitchen items.
2	Despite frequenting here when i get my car serviced nearby, this isn't one of my favorites of this category store. You know the new stuff, garage sale style, extra junk produced, no longer cool maybe cool to me, never know what you'll find kind of place. Actually, it typically would get a 3 star rating, but this past trip, the men's section seemed extra sparse and even though home items like glasses and such had lots of empty shelf space. I've definitely found some items here in the past, but this last trip was highly disappointing and if you were actually seeking out a place like this, you could find better.
3	It's just my opinion, but in stores like this, If you dig and dig you may just find something nice. This Ross is no different, the inside of the store is not very appealing, but they plenty of ranks of clothes and shoes and if you have the time and interest you may just find a great deal.
3	This is a second chance to find a Ross for Less on South Blvd, in case you missed the first one or you're coming from the opposite direction... This store is always hit or miss for me... The organization is a little less than awesome at this one, but the staff is generally helpful, so that kind of makes up for it a bit... I've always run into a line at this location and it can take a while for them to call back up, though... That can be an issue, if you're actually in a hurry... I've had to drop some finds on a couple occasions because I didn't have the time to wait more than ten minutes... Still, if you've got some time, I'd recommend giving it a whirl...
3	I'm a fan of the Ross chain over Marshall's or similar stores. With stores of this type, it's always going to be hit and miss on any given day. On my most recent visit, this location had a really good sized dress section which worked out well since dresses were at the top of my list. However, when I went to look for jeans, there were literally less than 10 pairs on the rack. There is a decent number of fitting rooms and they're plenty roomy. The ladies who were manning the fitting rooms that day were very helpful with holding on to items I wanted to keep so they didn't count toward the garments I was taking in with me. I always check out the shoe section at these types of shops because they have a 10+ section and you never know when you're going to get lucky. Sadly, 9 out of 10 times, you're left with slim pickings. That's just how it goes with 10+ sizes for women.
