5	Cute and quaint place with a menu that is simple yet elegant. I love having lunch here. They have everything from salads, sandwiches, wraps and everything in between. Must Haves:Mango Salad- with mixed greens, jicama, candied pecans, mango, blue cheese and a honey balsamic vinegar (OUTSTANDING!)Sea Bass- Sauteed and served on mashed potatoes and bokchoy with ginger and lemongrass sauce (LOVE!!)Housemade Pasta- Your choice of 5 yummy pastas, 5 sauces and all the unlimited toppings you want (KEEP IT COMING!!)Chef Sandwich- sauteed chicken, cherry tomatoes, lettuce and Lolie sauce (HOLY HANNAH!!)Special Grilled Toasts: ALL OF THEM!! I S#*T YOU NOT!!The wine list is excellent (a glass of Sonoma Cutrer goes with everything on the menu....but then again....what food doesn't it pair well with it) and the service is always great. I have never had a bad experience here!! Check it out if you haven't already!!
5	My husband and sister surprised me with my 40th Birthday at Aroma Garden Cafe. The food, staff, and location were great! The guests were treated with Hummus, and a variety of salads that were fresh and delicious. The Entree Choices were chicken breast with wild mushrooms, sauted crusted salmon, chicken shish kabobs, NY strip steak, Filet mignon, and lamb chops. I ate the lamb chops and they were prepared perfectly to my liking. I got to taste test the filet mignon and the chicken dish with wild mushrooms. They were also fantastic.  I am a new fan of the Aroma Garden Cafe and I look forward to dining again with my hubby soon.
2	The patio is beautiful, filled with plants , trees, and waterfalls everywhere. It's a relaxing environment.So our waiter was freaking annoying and gave us the worst service ever. I mean we were sitting waiting to order for 15 minutes!!!! mind you that there were about 3 other tables at that time (12:30pm) He really sucked, forgot our drinks, our food came out like 50 minutes later, took him about 20 mins to give us the check, we spent like 2.25 hours eating!! It was soo annoying, his loss right?? I think we gave him about 4$ in tip.    The food however was ok. I got the chicken salad my cousin got pizza and the mango salad.  First off, they have amazing bread and butter, the bread is toasted and it already has butter on it!! yummm!My chicken salad was ok, nothing special except it was expensive for the quantity that I got, about 16 bucks. The pizza had a crap load of cheese everywhere, eewww! Her mango salad, was kinda good but would of been better if the balsamic sauce had flavor. It was just plain vinegar and oil and they did not have any other type of dressing.I want to give 3  stars just for the decor, but horrible service ruined it! Bye bye aroma!
