5	I think Yelp hasn't updated its address for Cynthia's, which is actually located on Durango, between Sahara and D.I.Three years ago I bought a sewing machine, and never took it out of the box. I'm tired having to go to a tailor every time I buy a pair of pants that are a foot too long, and I have about 50 tee shirts from all of my travels that would be better as nightshirts.  But I was terrified of the thought of being stuck by needles, or the concept of having to wind a bobbin.Enter Groupon, which offered just what I needed - a class at Cynthia's that would teach me how to set up and use my spiffy machine.  I bought the Groupon and scheduled an appointment.  And last week, it occurred to me that I wasn't seeing that appointment either on my wall calendar or the calendar on my phone.  It was bizarre, because I recall standing by the calendar, pen in hand, when I made that appointment.  When I called, I found out that I had missed it!  And therein is the hallmark of Gracious Customer Service:  it was not a problem at all, and I was able to reschedule.Today was the day, and I learned that everything I need to know is in the instruction manual and the DVDs that came with the machine.  But I typically learn much better by doing, and Darlene showed me all of the functions.  She had me practicing how to wind the bobbin, thread the needle, change the feet, create a buttonhole, and sew a button, in addition to having me practice a variety of different stitches.  The best part of all is that I'm no longer intimidated, and now have to confidence to forge ahead with my new Martha Stewart existence.I didn't have much time as I would have liked to look around the store, but I'll definitely be going back.  There is a large variety of sewing machines for sale, as well as supplies and lots of cute craft-y ideas to see.  And local stores like Cynthia's, with expert one-on-one attention and interaction, deserve to be patronized.  I'm a fan!!!
5	Fantastic and HONEST service!  Took my sewing machine there for repair concerning the tension.  On the spot, they decided to try a different thread (I was using Coats & Clark).  Problem solved!!!  Other places might have charged for a repair despite it being a minor problem unrelated to issues with the machine, but not Cynthia's!
5	I have had a great experience so far here.. Ive purchased an amazing Brother machine and a fantastic additional machine ...Ty Nancy and ladies for being so wonderful as well as Jason and staff for setting up machines for me... now if i could just understand all they do??? lol
1	This review is for the Henderson store. I came into the store after calling ahead about purchasing some components for my machine. When I came into the store, the sales woman (Nancy), was more concerned with several phone calls than helping me look into what I needed. It took FOREVER to get a quote for my machine's parts. When I was finally given a quote for the parts, it was about 30% higher than what I found online. I don't mind paying a bit more and supporting local shops, so I inquired about shipping time if I ordered the parts thru the shop. Nancy was vague, saying that who knows when the parts would get there because they came from back east and with Christmas in there and weather it was uncertain. Today is DEC 4. Did she really think it would take longer than 20 DAYS to be shipped?! I can order the parts cheaper online and have them here by the weekend. Customer service here was horrible, no interest in making a sale or helping to get parts ordered in a timely/reasonable manner. Being in the market for a longarm machine after the holidays, I WILL NOT be making such a large purchase at Cynthia's. No one here cares.
4	After driving past this little gem of a store for nearly a year, I found myself in dire need of a twin stretch needle, at 4:30 pm. Knowing this wasn't something any big box or hobby store carries, I took a shot in the dark and pulled up to Cynthia's at 4:45. The ladies were kind and helpful, which I haven't always found to be the case in this type of shop. They helped me find what I needed & gave me a few tips to make my task easier. I would've given the store the fifth star had the needle cost less than $7, but it saved me  from at least an hour round trip, had I driven all the way to Hancock.
