4	VERY good buffet value here.  All you can eat of course and the shrimp is to die for.  Saddle up $15 and grub like there is no Jenny Craig!
4	For the price you pay and the grub you get... i'd have to say it's top shelf.The steak is so-so but what can you expect at a buffet?Everything else is awesome. The fried chicken was pretty good and so was this squid dish which i'm kinda sure is an italian thing, either way, it was bomb. If you're in North Las Vegas for some reason and wanna grub on down but don't want to hit up the strip, then you've just found your answer.(There's also a sonic's right across the street just in case you're a fatty fat fat and want a banana cream pie shake after you get your grub on)
3	Family always comes here to eat, since our vacation house is near by. Came here one time for breakfast and they gave us champagne. They have different types of foods to choose from-from Mexican, American, Asian, and Italian. The also have a salad bar and alot of desserts to choose from. You don't have to make any kind of reservations if you are in a big group. Come in before you head out for a walk on the strip or before you hit the clubs.
3	I enjoyed this buffet for the price.  But I am not a gambler, so  I don't like having to walk through aisles of slot machine patrons smoking and moaning about losing their money before getting to the buffet.  But it's part of their strategy to make you stop and play.  Funny thing is, they're required by law to give back 90 per cent of their net income to winnings. In other words, you lose 10 per cent overall.  But that 10% they make in profit helps pay for an all you can eat buffet that is worth more than you pay for. Check for 2 for 1 coupons in the paper and area circulars. If you go to dinner, don't go after 6 PM.  It gets super crowded. We went around 5 PM, the parking isn't bad though there is a theater complex and an outdoor concert there on weekends. Ugh, watching a concert in 105 degree heat?  I'll pass.  It was mom's brithday, and  she wanted to play a few penny machines after eating dinner.  Dinner had some awesome prime rib and turkey, as well as whole steamed salmon.  There was a salad bar with good cole slaw and prepared salads as well as a make your own salad. The, dessert bar was the best, with the warm cherry and peach cobblers better than most buffets.There was an American Food section, Mexican, and Chinese.  You get a big slab of prime rib if that's whay you're in the mood for, It was excellent served with horseradish, and several types of vegetables. and loads of sides like rice pilaf, various main entrees such as beef tips over noodles, I liked their herb roasted chicken, and many items such as mac and cheese. Whatever I tried was good.  Lots of seafood could be found with shimp, tilapia, salmon, and cod.  Lot of different chicken dishes, soups, etc.  The service was good, the waiter kept our sodas full.   It's pretty far from the strip, but I like this hotel casino theater concert complex.
3	For the 2 for 1 deal on certain days, it's not bad, but you can probably do a better buffet for a reasonable price like at Red Rock Casino. Not too many selections to choose from. The buffet offers your typical dishes like Chinese, Italian, Mexican but no Japanese. Prime rib, smoked salmon and your typical salad bar are also offered. Best thing I ate: seafood marinara (yummy squid and shrimp)Worse thing I ate: sauteed shrimp (very mushy, not fresh)Overall, cheap buffet, but not as satisfying.
4	This was a Decent buffet. My friend told me to go for lunch right before they change to dinner. And youll get the Dinner buffet at the Lunch Price. The Waiter was friendly. It did take the Host a while to come back after i paid the cashier to seat me. But she seemed stretched a little thin with her duties i will be back again to eat here. Usually my biggest complaint and a Buffet is how they never keep my soda refilled. I didnt have that complaint here. He cleared the table of empty plates and made sure we didnt have empty drink cups.
3	My friend has been asking me to come to the Cannery for awhile because she gets buy one get one free coupons here. I finally braved the 15 freeway (which I'm secretly scared of) to meet her for an early dinner. I liked the pulled pork which I made into a sandwich. I also had ribs, mashed potatoes and popcorn shrimp. Those items were average but they didn't taste bad. I actually ate salad which for the most part doesn't happen when I'm at a buffet. What made me do such a thing is they had egg crumples there! I don't see that too much so I made a nice salad with a spring mix of greens, red onion, mushrooms, cheese, cucumbers, peeled sunflower seeds, my beloved egg crumples and drizzled it with some ranch. It was so satisfying I didn't even graze over the desserts! The bill for the both of us after the coupon not including the tip was $8.46....not bad for a buffet!
3	Well my wife had won 2 free Buffet tickets about a week ago. So we decided to go today Tuesday for lunch since it's both our day off. We have been to this buffet about 3 other times and we like it the host are always on top of the drinks and the empty plates. The price went up a little but theres always coupons outhere. The food here is good I like that they have different kinds of food they got some seafood,salads,Mexican,Chinese,Italian,American and dessert a little of everything. we haven't had any Dinner here yet but there's always nextime.
3	This place is a ways from all the lights and glitz of the strip but the buffet is not bad at all. It's actually pretty good. I've been here about three times before over the last couple years. It's no Wynn but nothing is. I'll definitely be back though. If it's not because of the food. It's because my aunt lives literally across the street from the casino and my cousins play there all the time. LOL
1	Even for the price I paid, which was $5, this place is still not worth eating at. It was like they unpackaged a crap load of frozen food and dumped it in warming trays. Don't eat here. Go eat Del Taco instead.
3	We always get free buffet coupons here. The salad bar is great. The entrees are ok. You get lucky sometimes when they have good seafood dishes. Good selection of desserts. It's an ok place and if you eat for free its even better.
4	This place is great for the price. It has a little of everything. The people are very friendly and the service is quick. If your looking for something off the strip this place is great.
1	Run from this buffet!!!!! The food looks like its been sitting there for weeks. You couldn't PAY me to eat the food. The only thing I can say is the staff is very nice and friendly. If you wanna make many trips to the bathroom , then is the food for u. Stick with taco bell. Its safer. Hey I dont want to be mean here, but its pretty hard to NOT lose your appetite while looking at the different selections of entrees. YELP!!!!!!! I must say we ate the rest of the time at the Victory club and the award winning mexican restaurant and they were fine....reasonable and the food was decent. The complete opposite. Stay away from the buffet unless you loose all your money in the casino and you are in need of food. Then and ONLY then would I even attempt to eat there. If you do, good luck and make sure you are near the bathroom the rest of the day!!!!
4	I go to the Cannery buffet at least once a month. I like using coupons they have every week that nearly cut the price of the buffet in half. Every station except the pasta area is very good. Most of the food is hot and fresh, however some of it looks as if it has  been sitting out for a few hours. I would recommend the pizza if it isn't dried out yet and any food item in the barbecue or dessert sections. The service could be a lot better and faster, but overall the service and food were good.
3	This 3 star rating is for the food.  The food is OK here but when you combine it with the cheap price it is worth going.  I probably eat here a couple times a month.  Its good cheap eats!
2	I went to eat there yesterday, it was bad!,,, food is dry, it is not worth it for the price, I remember 3years ago this was a great place to eat. I would say not good...
3	I've been here a couple different times and it follows my rule of cheap buffets are not good and good buffets are not cheap. It's definitely not the best thing ever, but it's not horrendous. (It should be noted that both times I went on a weekend for the brunch offerings with a lot of people, so the food turnaround is pretty good and nothing looks like it's been sitting for too terribly long.) Just a middle-of-the-road buffet with some good options.
3	loved it, ate there twice in 1 week. i loved the pasta station the most, the meatballs were to die for. salad bar was typical the mexican on the other hand was a big yuck. the taquitos were realy grose, iv had better from a box out of the freezer section and i dont think the gaumolie was store bough because iv had fresh, and that was not fresh. but not a bad price, the food is over all pretty good.
2	Chicken a La King for dinner buffet... so if you are into TV dinner quality buffet, this is the place for you.Granted buffets are not the gourmet experience, and quality and freshness range from frozen TV dinner to a good cafeteria / wedding buffet food.  It is with this gauge I rate my buffet offerings.The worst item was steamed Beef Round... it was so hard and unedible, worse than TV dinner.  1 bite, tossed... what a waste of a good cow.Meatball was the best thing there, which I think any decent cook can muster up (just go to Food network for a good recipee).Tilapia had a wierd taste too.Only reason I suffered through a old style casino full of stinky smoke filled to endure this buffet was for my friend...
2	This was my first visit to this location for Sunday Champagne Brunch.  It was located in the Cannery Casino on E Craig Road in Las Vegas.  We had free buffet coupons from spinning the wheel on Web Pass.The stations were not labeled, so you had to walk up to see what there was.  At the Cannery Row Buffet on Boulder Highway, the stations were clearly marked with big signs.  They had American, Asian, Italian, Mexican, 2 large Salad Bars, and Desserts. The server took our drink order and brought us drinks and cleared our empty plates.  We were not offered champagne.For brunch there was a made to order omlette station.  This was probably the best and freshest feature.  There was no Egg Benedict.  The bacon was limp and greasy.  The hash browns were shredded and burned.  The sausage links had a lot of filler.  The gravy for the Biscuits and Gravy had been sitting there for a while.The Italian meatballs were large, but had a lot of filler.  The tortellini was meh.The taquitos were ok if you like the kind that come in the freezer section.  The cheese sauce was runny.  There were tamales wrapped in plastic wrap that I did not try. The potstickers were dried out and fried.  The Broccoli Beef was okay, but had thin strips of beef.   The egg rolls were tastless.The pepperoni pizza was okay when it was fresh and hot.  There was cheese bread.The salad bar had lettuce, lots of toppings, pasta salad, ambrosia, assorted fruit, rolls, etc.  This was much nicer than the Cannery Row Buffet on Boulder Highway.Again, the desserts were the best part of the meal.  I had to ask for the Coconut Cream Pie.  Yumm!  The Apple Custard Tart was good (I had 2 slices).  There was Boston Cream Pie, Carrot Cake, Cheesecake, Tiramisu, wedding cookies, soft-serve ice cream, and plenty of sugar-free desserts.
2	This at one time above average Casino Continues it's Downward Slide. From Dried Out Food, to unknown bits stewing all day without even a stir, to indifferent service and dowright Rude Management, just skip this place for the half dozen places within a block. I would also suggest playing at a less smokey place (somtimes the Cheap Cigar Smoke and poor filtration system will make you strip down in thhe Garage to wash you clothers and not stink up your house) and their weekend night crowd can quickly make you feel unsecure and heading for the exits. Talk about Winning at this Casino? I've foud out they generally take in over $ 100 per 30 minutes while playing just a little more than minimum. Play the Strip - the Cannery is a place for Lazy Locals that would rather lose their money with no real comps as opposed to driving another 10  Minutes. My neighbors that drive to the MGM may lose, however they get amazing Comps  (Concerts-Meals-Rooms). For the same or less Number of points you can be a Diamond Member at Harrah's and get free rooms across the country, invitations, gaming junkets, etc. .
1	wow.this was comp'd buffet and i thought id try itall i can say is i would rather pay to go somewhere else food is dry and terrible no flavor at alli wouldnt be surprise if it came from a candont waste your money here up the road is Aliante Buffet at Aliante Casino So much nicer and WAYYYYY better food
1	We decided to eat here before a movie since it was close.  They were still only serving champagne brunch.  For a buffet, I definitely expected more.  There was not much of a selection.  The food was bland.  It was not worth what we paid.  We were very disappointed.
1	Nice employees, Salad Bar is good Deserts are ok but damn for almost $12.00 I could have had a better meal at Denny's which is where I will go next time I think I want to eat here.
3	Despite the 2.5 rating on yelp, the food can be compared to a average home town buffet without the selection. Overall the food was okay and your better off going to the In-n-out down the street for a bomb ass juicy burger. In addition, there is the smoke from the nearby casino that permeates the buffet, so if your into that then this place is definitely your bet. Otherwise, I'll dine elsewhere.
2	A buffet is always a good option for people who like a vast array of food options.  Since my husband, madre-in-law & I all wanted something different, we decided to head over to the Cannery since its the closest buffet to our house.  Now, I have recently been to Bachannal Buffet in Caesar's, so I knew not to get my hopes up too high for the Cannery Buffet.  The dinner buffet is regularly priced at $14.99 a person.  If you have the Cannery Can-Club card (which is free & you get free $5 slot play when you sign up), the price drops to $10.99.  What I was mostly disappointed with is the fact that it closes at 8:00 p.m.  Really?  8:00 p.m.?  Since when does anything in Las Vegas close at 8:00 p.m.?  I know the older folks frequent these outlying casinos, but come on... they could at least stay open until 9:00 p.m.The food was average - nothing too exciting.  They have a pasta station, classic American station (although, with only BBQ stuff), a Chinese station & a Mexican station.  There were also assorted desserts.  Like I said - it's pretty average.  But in Vegas, for $10.99 a person, I think it's exactly what we expected.
2	The last time I ate here was years ago. Unfortunately, I'd have to say the food was way better back then. I came on a Thursday which meant Steak and Shrimp night which stated 13.99, even though I used my card the total was 15.19. I'm never coming here again for dinner with it being $15. Everything looked and tasted like it has been out for hours. The Mac and cheese weren't even warm, but slightly cold. The meats were also dry. And my raspberry iced tea tasted really watered down. I have to say that the people here were awfully nice though. Waiter came a few times asking if we'd like refills and he always had a smile on his face. Very friendly service. I just wonder what happened to the food that was served long ago to the current selection they have now. It just seems a little odd to me. Next time someone suggests to eat at this buffet I'm going to have to debate about it.
1	Complete garbage. This had to be the worst waste of money I have ever spent. Without the card it was 30 dollars for me and my wife, and lets put it this way I had better food when I was at bootcamp and I eat ANYTHING. The selection was more sparse then the desert, and what was there was either bland, cooked wrong, had been sitting under the lamps for way to long, or all of the above. The macaroni and cheese was worse then a T.V. dinner. I could have made better taquitos if I had microwaved some I bought from the store. But yet the greatest part is some how they managed to ruin what seems like a pretty simple dessert bar, I would have gladly taken a rock covered with shredded paper over their supposed strawberry cheese cake which seemed to be slathered with red jello instead of an actual drizzle. Besides the food the only other things I have to even remotely complain about is that it wasn't very well ventilated so the smoke smell lingered in from the casino which makes my pregnant wife a little nauseous, and that they could up date there decor it's just a little older and has some wear. Other then that the staff was definitely their best asset friendly, conscious of our existence, and removed plates before we could get back to the table. Now all they have to do is work on getting food that is edible. For all intensive purposes I would recommend going to the Aliante just 5 minutes away same price SOOOOO much better
1	Not even worth 5 dlls. They need to put more effort in the food.  The French Toast were really hard,  couldnt even bite. The only good thing was the fresh fruit, not even the fresh made omelets were good.  Was very disappointed in their breakfast.
1	Let me start off by saying I really like the Cannery Casino.On 3/2/2014 @ 4pm I went to the Cannery Buffet on a 2 for 1 coupon. I live in Las Vegas and frequent our dining establishments on an almost daily basis and the Cannery Buffet is the worst Buffet I have ever visited. EVERY dish was COLD! No matter which area of the buffet I sampled, the food was cold. It was like they had a power outage and the warming tables were ALL inoperative.I hope Cannery Buffet monitors social media, particularly Yelp, and corrects this situation. As noted in another review the buffet prices are higher than several other casinos. The Cannery Casino is enjoyable however, if they force gamblers to go outside the casino for an edible meal, they will lose a lot of gamblers.
2	I was extremely upset when their ice cream machine was broken.  Good thing they had an identical machine next to the first but still I had to walk further to it.
5	still one of the best buffet around and with 2 for 1 coupons in the mail can't beat it
2	This was my fourth time eating at the Cannery buffet over a time span of a year and a half,  and I have to say,  the quality in food has steadily deteriorated. The only reason I'm giving this buffet two stars instead of one is solely because the service was good. The buffet attendants were friendly and our server kept the table clear and our drinks full.The food was an entirely different matter.  We came in at 4 PM for dinner. All the food looked as if it had been sitting out for hours. The cheese on the pizzas looked discolored and caked over. Pretty much everything looked dried out.  Me and the two other people I was with were so dissatisfied that we left the buffet hungry.I tried food from the Asian station, as well as the American station. I gave up after that and settled on a bowl of ice cream from the dispenser. Final verdict: save your money and go to the buffet at Aliante or Sante Fe Station instead.
1	Before our movie, we decided to go to the buffet, because why not? It was only $10.99 for dinner (with your player's card). I really regret this decision.The buffet is very spacious. Lots of seating, both booths and table tops. Super accommodating for large parties, but doesn't really matter if the food is bad. The buffet offers different types of food: Asian, Mexican, southern comfort, meat station, Italian, salad bar and desserts. I didn't really have the best of experience at any station. All the food seemed to be old, sitting under heat lamps all day and overcooked. Salmon - overcooked and the sauce had a dry film on itFried catfish and shrimp - more batter than protein, batter was too hard and protein was overcookedCarved round beef - all well done, no temperature choices. That meant overcooked tough meatFried won ton - hard shell, overcookedMeatballs - seemed to have been previously frozenHam - probably the best thing in that buffet. Soft and nicely cooked. Keep in mind, it was the best thing there, not the best thing everRibs - There were no ribs, just bones. Nothing on the bone. Overall, I must say, the best thing at that buffet had to have been the white rice on the Asian line. It was nicely prepared. So sad to say it but it was true. I literally ate a plate full of rice and au jus. Simply put, I will probably never come back to this buffet. Even at a $10 price tag, I'd rather go across the street and enjoy Sonic or Panda Express.
1	Not a lot of options as far as food. On top of that you can tell the food has been sitting there for hours, yuck! I'd enjoy my McDonalds meal better then this joint. Service is also lacking. Where the heck is management cause you've got workers just standing and chit chatting!
1	I used to live in CA so every time I would come to Vegas, a trip to a buffet was necessary. I've been to the buffets at MGM, Planet Hollywood, and the Rio. So I knew what good buffets were. Recently moved to North Vegas and this buffet is right up the street from me. First time going in, I knew not to have high expectations. Especially since it was priced around $10 with the Can Club Card. However, I had no idea it was going to be this bad. Came for dinner first time and the seating was good. Plenty of tables and booths so no long waiting. That was possibly the highlight of the trip. The food seemed to lack a lot of flavor, spices, and was very dry. The next two trips, same results. In fact, it seemed like the food had gotten even worse. Went there for breakfast and the food was dry and seemed like it was sitting out for hours. The only thing I like about this place is the self serve ice cream. Although one of their machines was broke but they have another one. I do not plan on coming here. Even if it is only about $10.
3	My boyfriend and I went twice in one day; we had the 2 for 1 coupon so we cashed that in for lunch and 2 free vouchers, which we used for the much more expensive dinner.It's OKAY because some of the choices are AMAZING and some are TERRIBLE but by no means should anyone pay $17/person for dinner!!!  LUNCH PRICES ARE MUCH MORE FAIR.  There is nothing better about dinner, they even keep a lot of the lunch choices out, so I cannot understand why it's twice the price....go for lunch!!
2	Wow. I, uh...hmmm...  I would have thought since there was a decent line to get in that it would have been better.I live in Vegas and I've seen some buffets in my time. I'd rather not see this one again. The enchiladas were gross with the processed cheese taste. The cheesy bread tasted like grease. Even the ice cream tasted like someone tossed in some Windex. How do you get that wrong? There was a hair in the chopped eggs in my salad.I do have to say that the hot and sour soup was good as well as the chicken won tons.If you don't need tasty, quality food, then this is for you. If you're fine with buying generic Kraft Mac & Cheese to save money, then feast upon these dishes.
3	Good selection of food, decent food.
1	This place was horrible .the good was stale and gross and it seemed very old ... My server did an awesome job but the food still sucked .....
1	For one... The serve was terrible. Had to asked the server 3x for katsup. Could barely get refills and on top of all that.  The food was cold. I will never go back there again. What a waste. Told the manager.
