5	Laura was the ultimate professional. Her knowledge of the body was impressive as she holds a BS in biology. You wouldn't think someone's hand could provide such healing. I work out a lot. Sometimes I get these nagging, dull headaches, as well as typical muscle soreness. When Laura was done with me, I actually felt my circulation improved, as well as an overall sense of well being. I'll be back for sure! Thanks Laura!
5	When ever I am in Las Vegas I always get a massage by Laura Elliott!There may be many good massage therapists out there, but Laura is definitely in the "Exceptional" category.  Laura is one of the most professional, reliable therapist I've ever had the pleasure to meet.  The knowledge, experience and skills Laura demonstrates are incredible, she has this great energy and I would recommend Laura to anyone needing quality healing and therapeutic massage.
5	I am a card dealer at a strip casino and thus have many ailments such as tight neck/head, wrist pains, and or course lower back pain from standing at work all day.  Unfortunately I have generally always waited until I had a major flare up to see a massage therapist and let me tell you, since I started going to Laura I am never worried that I will walk out with my pain "unresolved".  She listens to exactly what you are telling her and through her knowledge of multiple different massage and bodywork techniques she is able to basically diagnose the root of your pain each time and help to heal it...until I mess it up again.  LOL.  I started seeing Laura over a year ago and boy am I glad I followed her to her new location.  The venue is much more professional and her permanent private room has a more calming ambiance about it.  I have recommended others to her and will continue to do so.  If you are lucky enough not to have any pain due to your work or daily activities, I recommend you go to her just for a relaxation massage.  She is very professional and I love her demeanor.  She makes anyone feel very comfortable.  And her prices are very fair.
5	Laura helped me when no one else could.  I had whiplash and after going to a chiropractor for a year with little to no results, she worked on me only 4 times and I was able easily move my head without any constriction or pain in my neck.  She used bowen to alleviate the issue.I have had a very nice deep massage with her amongst other techniques she uses to help with hip and shoulder pain.The combination of massage and the other modalities she practices assisted in my recovery and also from other physical imbalances. Laura definitely knows her stuff.  I would recommend her massage and the other techniques she offers to anyone looking to heal.
5	Personable and easy to talk to. LAURA is amazing. Her knowledge of the body is truly a healing experience, as well as relaxing. Definitely will be investing time with her, and I suggest you do too!
5	Laura is amazing!  She has great knowledge and is wonderful to speak with... I truly love having work on my stressed out muscles..   I would recommend her to anyone.. :)
