3	Not too shabby as far as courts go (have you been to Pahrump -- no metal detectors there!).   However, I wouldn't recommend licking anything.  Also, early morning hearings result in long lines at security and elevators.  Show up early if you want to make it to court on time.Points off for the toilet seat that's been broken for 5 YEARS in the women's restroom on the eighth floor. Come on!
4	In Henry VI (Part 2), Shakespeare wrote "Let's kill all the lawyers!".  If you have a court case in the Regional Justice Center, you're probably ready to shout that sentiment every time you step foot in court.   Hell, it's not the happiest spot in Nevada.  People usually come here and try not to get locked up, to fight over money, or fight over child custody--not the location for the happiest events (although the county wedding license bureau is on the 1st floor).  So if you're headed here, a few pieces of advice:1) the lines to get into the building are long (especially in the morning) so get here early,2) court is not the place to be casual so dress conservatively -- guys put on a tie and a nice, white or muted color shirt with a collar; ladies, cover up.  You will be judged on how you look, so be formal and (to repeat) conservative,3) the elevators will take forever if the building is busy (there are only 6 elevators serving 17 floors), so (again) get here early,4) the Marshals/Court baliffs are not joking around.  Check in with them, be respectful, and don't talk in the courtroom once the judge takes the bench,5) court can move really fast -- talk to your attorney before you get there so you know what's going to happen, and 6) turn off your cell phone.  Seriously. All that aside, this place could be much much worse.  East coast courthouses are older, more run down, filthier, angrier, busier and less willing to listen to the people appearing in court.  At least the Clark County Regional Justice Center is pretty.  The lobby is decorated in red rock walls and a three-story glass atrium.  The red rock walls have philosophical and legal quotes carved into them.  Many of the quotes are inspirational . . . or aspirational--summing up what our judicial system aspires to be. The court system is all about "hurry up and wait," so come prepared to wait, but remember that it could be much, much worse.
5	Cool court house. I went here for a field trip in the 4th grade when we were learning about the court system. I like the layout. But the only part I don't like is the parking. If you are attending for jury duty, you must park at the Fremont Street experience garage. They will validate your stub at Jury Services. They are unable to pay for parking on the streets, timed meters, and/or restricted area.
2	115 for 1st offenders... Talking and driving. Good thing it wasn't me LOLOH just a heads up. The law enforcement people near the x-ray area are not very nice people
3	I don't really know how to rate a court house. Fortunately, I don't have a ton of experience with them to know how to rate them. However, I recently had to attend a two-week trial for work. I guess it was fine. The security screening was fairly fast and painless. The court room and judge were pretty decent.I guess if you have to go to court, it could be worse.
3	Advice for jury duty:1. Bring headphones.  It's very likely you'll be listening to quite a few annoying conversations at once so this is a great way to drown it out.2. Bring a laptop or tablet.  Great place to catch up on a season's worth of TV shows.3. You should run down the aisle screaming with your hands up in the air jubilantly if they call your number to excuse you early.  Do it just like you would if you were on "The Price is Right".4. Wear as little metal as possible to make going through security check a breeze.5. You can opt for a quick lunch on Fremont Street instead of eating at Cappriotti's downstairs.   I was actually able to play 35 minutes of 3/6 hold em at Binion's during the lunch break, enjoyed a beer and came out a $14 winner.6. I actually saw someone with a travel airplane pillow.  Now there's a PRO!
4	for jury duty servicethis was an interesting experience-the night before the reporting date:you must call the night before to see if you need to show up (you will answer a bunch of questions to qualify/confirm- a group is selected, and the other group doesn't need to show- according to badge #- you will need to call another number for this info).the morning of your reporting date:you must park at the fremont street experience- red garage- take your ticket to get validated inside courthouse.you must walk 3 blocks to the courthouse 3rd/lewis- there will be a line that wraps around the steps- this is the general line (tickets) to get inside- but, at 8 am, the bailiff/marshall signals people with juror notices to get inside (bypassing the 500 people there).you will get in line to place all your belongings in a box, including your shoes, belt, and watch- you will go through the metal detector when the bailiff signals you through- and will proceed to scan you with a wand, as well.you will go to the 3rd floor, and look for the sign for JURY SERVICE- to the left side (this is also where you return for dismissal)there will be a brief orientation- there will be a short filmyou will be signaled by rows to get your jury notice scanned, and badge holder- and then later, for ticket validationthere will be a break- you can go to the cafe in the building (if you leave, you will need to go through the airport-like check-in)one group was called for the first case, and then a while later, i was in the second group for a different case, in numerical badge orderthe bailiff gave us instructions on where we should sit in the court room- also, numerical badge orderthe judge introduced us to the plaintiff counsel and defendant and counsel, as well as gave us instructions on the processthe standard introductions for everyone after the oath is takenthe judge asked everyone if we recognized anyone in the room- and if this would influence you in any wayname, badge #, how many years lived here, what you do, marital status/# of children, what spouse does, a couple questions on fairnessthis is where the potential jurors are weeded out there are more qualifying questions here, by both sides, more details are disclosed herefor the ones selected, they remain (they need 14 people)- they are unable to speak about the case to the defendant, both counsel, the spouse, other jurors, and they are not supposed to view the news, or read the newspaper, eitherfor the ones, not selected, head back to the JURY SERVICE room on the 3rd floor, for dismissalyour badge will be scanned, and stamped as proofthis fulfills your service, at least, for up to possibly 3 years, anywayon the courthouse: there is a cafe with a capriotti's outpost/window, us bank atm, gift shop, and traffic tickets section is the lobby level.
2	Staff is rude.pffffft if I want to go some where and be treated like a peace of shit I can go to Savers.You'd think that because the staff that works here makes a decent amount of money they would be happy no matter what, but  ......oh no, buddy-o. They are hella rude.I can give them kudos for having such a nice building. Kudos for getting me in and out within an hour on a Tuesday.However I can't give them credit for being professional.As soon as I entered the scanning machine. Where I had to take off my shoes, jacket, and empty out each compartment of my purse. I knew things were going to go badly.I was in such a happy mood until I stood there for 45 minutes because there was absolutely no where to sit it was so over crowded.The lady claiming to organize the line was so loud and obnoxious. One would walk up to her and ask a question and she would totally blow people off. I asked if I can just serve some weekend jail time for a traffic ticket the lady advised that even if I did I would still come out of jail owing them money.I asked if there was a statue of limitations she laughed and never answered my question. Anyway I would recommend coming on a Wednesday or Thursday towards the end of the day.
3	From what I see there are three main reasons why anybody would be here and that being an employee does not count. One is you are here to either pay or dispute a ticket of some sort. Another is that you have been arrested and are standing trial for the alleged charges brought up against you (that would suck if this was you), and last but not least, jury duty.For me it's jury duty (Thank God). I think at any given time, the overall total of jurors and prospective jurors outnumber everything else in the entire building. How do I know this? Well then read on my curious friend.I get my summons in the mail. At this point, I would say 99 percent of all recipients have a frown on their face when they see it. You follow all instructions on the letter and on the phone when you are prompted.So the day comes for you to report. You park your car in the Fremont Street Experience Parking Structure 5 blocks away. YES I SAID 5 BLOCKS AWAY. You have to go 4 blocks East and then 1 block over going south. You have to park here because only this location is where the they will validate you. This is where I was muttering WHAT THE FUDGE? Im glad I did my service on April 30th, which was a nice 80 degree day with a cool breeze. Now imagine you are already running late, it's raining or even worse, triple digits. Damn, how are you gonna give a fair shake to anybody in court if you are chosen as the juror being in a bad mood? Im just sayin, you know?So you go through the metal detector and make your way up to the 3rd floor into a big room full of jurors and prospective jurors. Based on your assigned juror number, you will be called up in batches and then sent off to the court rooms for selection. For those that are not called, which I wasn't, you wait. And wait. And wait. Finally you will have people from the first batch coming back to be excused. If you see this, chances are jurors have been selected and that you will eventually be excused as well. Sometimes, the whole batch is excused and you will be called with your batch for the next wave. I got lucky because they got what they needed from the first batch. So on my merry way I went.Overall, I give the whole process of jury duty a 3 star ok rating. Why? Here are the pros and cons.Pros: You get a break from your normal job and most companies cover your days served whether picked or not. There is free wifi  so bring your laptop or favorite electronic device to catch up on shows, movies, and of course Yelping! (Yelp Talk is always entertaining!) You can catch up on some sleep if you grab any one of the chairs that are against the wall. Cons: The long ass walk from the parking structure to the building as described above. Sitting next to an offensive person whether they talk too much, smell, or are just overall creepy. Kinks in your neck or back if you chose to sleep but are not on a chair up against the wall. Some tidbits: For you smokers, there is a designated smoking balcony on the 7th floor. Otherwise, you will have to go back down to the 1st floor to go outside but you have to go through security again. Recently they just had a Capriotti's Sandwich Shop open up so good food should not be a problem. Make sure to bring your parking ticket from the structure so they can validate it for you. Last but not least, you cannot leave until they have scanned your juror badge and have stamped it with their initials.So in conclusion, jury duty is everybody's responsibility whether you like it or not. It's not the worse thing in the world but the process kind of sucks.
1	Rudest staff ever. The lady at the window where I had to pay for my traffic ticket ($115 for first offenders) was very unprofessional. I handed her my credit card to pay, and I asked a simple question asking what are the other fees were because the police had said that it would only be $50 and she throws my card at me. I felt that I was treated like I was not a human being. She threw my credit card so hard, I could not even believe what she did. I stood there shocked and handed back my credit card and did not even say a word. I understand that I am at fault for getting a ticket, but that does not mean you can treat any individual like that.
4	I love how it says, yeah I'm a fan! For four stars. I'm clearly being sarcastic. I paid 12 for parking for an hour and forty minutes. If you look rough and speak poorly you get the judge's sympathy and are allowed to speak where he will kindly listen. If you're dressed respectively, he'll cut you off and give you minimum payments of $100 a month ;(
4	It sucks that I've been to the Regional Justice Center enough times to write a review.  I hate dealing with our government, but this place is a lot cleaner than some other cities I've been in.  I usually park at Binion's for free and have a nice 10 minute walk over.  If you're in to fight a parking ticket, grab a number and then go outside for a bit for a walk rather than sit in a room with an angry vibe.  That's my zen for the day.
4	I was surprised about how efficient everything was here. Granted, this is was my first time and I was there for jury duty but I was impressed with the jury commissioner's emphasis on efficiency. There were still people who didn't listen in to the instructions the first and had to be told again sternly to pay attention, but for the most part, everything was clear and concise.Fast, quick, and easy; not bad for my first time.
3	I'm not sure this place should rightly be called a courthouse. Its more like an abortion clinic where justice gets rapidly miscarried on the daily.I've come here to pay traffic tickets, I've come here to witness people get sentenced. Recently I had to come here to testify/answer questions because that car thief was finally arrested. I had to sit through a bunch of court cases. I was both amused and disgusted at how people got off for serious crimes.  People can get in trouble over the stupidest things. Yet, pretty much its a revolving door. You commit fraud. well they will just give you a fine and send you on your way.Nearly everyone gets the bare minimum punishment it seems. The judge was way way way too lenient and dealt out some serious hardcore HORSE.DOOKIE. I saw a lot of sexism.A women beat her husband into a coma and she got 30 days in jail and anger management class. A man gave his wife a black eye and a swollen jaw and he got 1 year.Its unsettled me to see how the judge spoke kindly to some people and harshly to others. Some girl in handcuffs cracks a joke and the judge,marshals and legal representatives laugh. Some guy who was a minute late gets scolded by everyone.If you believe the system works. I want to know what planet you live on.but, okay okay. the tower has an awesome view of the city, they pay for parking, its sorta efficient, its pretty clean. I got paid for my time.  All in all its better to have a courthouse that sorta does its job then to have no courthouse at all.They pay for parking which is nice. Eh, I can't hate them too much.Oh Nevada you so krazy.
3	No parking ticket, no jury duty or no DUI. Then why am I here? Unfortunately for me, I had to testify against some kid using fake credit cards at my store. Sounds fun, but the whole process before actually testifying was not as fun. I had to be appear at 8:45am, but I wanted to get there earlier just in case I couldn't find my way. First you gotta park further away. People say to park by the Golden Nugget since they validate parking. The Golden Nugget is 5 blocks away and I am not walking 5 blocks in heels. So, I just parked at the Bank of America parking structure which was less than a block away. It's $3 for every 30 minutes, which is really pricey. I didn't mind though because I knew I was going to be reimbursed at work. Don't forget you are Downtown, not the safest neighborhood, so just be cautious when you are walking alone. When you get into the courthouse, you have to empty your pockets and take your shoes off and walk through the metal detectors like at the airport. Being a germaphobe, this was pretty gross. Walking on the floor barefoot that hundreds of people walk on everyday and then putting your shoes back on. YUCKY! After that, there are monitors with the defendant's name that you are testifying against and the designated court room. You do your thing in court, go downstairs to collect the $25 for appearing and done. It was pretty easy finding my way around since there were signs everywhere. The employees that I dealt with were just eh, not friendly but not rude either, which is to be expected in this sort of setting. One star docked for the parking and another star docked for getting the court times messed up. My subpoena said 8:45am but the monitor at the entrance said 9:30am, which meant I had more than an hour to kill. If your phone is dying like mine was, just go downstairs and people watch. I was fully entertained for about 30 minutes before I had to go into the court room.
1	Beyond unsanitary. If I am to do my service as a citizen by serving on a jury, I would appreciate not having to out my health at risk due to communicable diseases simple by sitting in this room. Gross.
