3	Not bad at all but is not even close to great Chinese food we've had elsewhere in the country. We still have not found a great place in the valley so our search continues.It would have been better, however, the Mongolian Beef we had tasted like burnt oil and overpowered any other flavor it might have had. The other two dishes were acceptable and we would eat them again.Again, food was ok and definitely not a place to be avoided.
4	Been looking for a good Chinese place on this side of town... The orange chicken was some of the best I've ever had. It's thinly sliced chicken and lightly battered and fried. Then they add the orange sauce. All combos come with rice, low mien, egg roll and cream cheese Rangoon. Prices are comparable and you can actually see the kitchen while they cook your food.
5	Excellent service! Very good, fresh food! Clean, upscale decor. The food was all fresh cooked to order. Seasoned just right, except for the egg rolls, which I thought were a bit too peppery. Overall, very delicious. My favorite was the fried shrimp. Not rubbery as most places serve it. Nothing tasted greasy, even the fried foods.Large quantity served, so come hungry or prepare to take home lot's of leftovers. Our server was very sweet and got the order right. Kept our water and tea glasses full. They display an A rating from the health dept., and it shows. You can see the kitchen from the dining area, and it looks very clean.Reasonable prices. We paid $40 for dinner for two, including tip, and we took home enough for another meal.This is a new place so they don't have a beer/wine license yet.
1	Not good unless you're starving and there's no Chinese food within 10 miles!!!Brand new place, 1st visit, ordered 3 dinner items to go.The bad:   2x cooked pork was ok, sweet and sour chicken breading tasted like plastic, plum sauce was like store-bought-bottled and bad tasting, beef and broccoli had so much oyster sauce in the mix it was too salty to eat.The good:  Large portion size, prices a bit high but ok for location.There's a place right across the street with much better food albeit way smaller portions.I might give this place a 2nd chance and try other options... maybe!The ugly: go starving and love "buffet style flavored" chinese food or eat elsewhere!
4	We stopped in for dinner. It is a casual restaurant setting all new and very clean. The service was good and quick. I ordered the sesame chicken combo which came with soup to start and the chicken, rice and chow mein. It also came with an egg roll and two cheese wontons that were really good. The portions were large which I love because that gives me enough for lunch the next day. The prices were reasonable and the good was as good as anything in the area. They also offer take out.
5	Fantastic chinese for the west valley where we so not have anything other than panda express, have been back a couple of times.
5	My test of an Asian restaurant is whether they can make good fried rice and hot and sour soup.  Both are pretty easy, use simple ingredients but take some skill and technique to do well.  Wok Wei serves both done right.  Fried rice is smoky from the hot wok, cooked to order and is a great comfort food.   Hot and sour soup was full of tasty meats and vegetables including the traditional lily buds.  I would have liked it a little more spicy and sour, but that is being a bit picky.  Their soup is almost as good as I make.  I enjoyed both.  The spicy foods are quite tame, Americanized for the local market.  Next time I'll ask to kick it up a notch.  It is a bit noisy with blazing woks in the open kitchen.   There is a noticeable decrease in noise when the flame thrower burners are turned off between orders.  Generally, I have enjoyed everything so far.
5	I'm a big fan of Asian food. I'm also a little picky about it. This place has become my favorite! And it's been a very long time since I've been able to find such a place. There is nothing on the menu that I'm not a fan of. I eat there at least once a week at this point. Seriously good stuff!
5	So glad there's finally a good Asian restaurant in the area! There are 2 places across the street, but they are not good at all. One of those is a chain restaurant and is horrible. Wok Wei is very fresh and the wait for your food is just as long as the other places. I won't eat anywhere else ever again. This place is the best! The staff are so friendly and very polite. We've become regulars there and they are sure to make you feel special. I have seen other people there that are so happy with the restaurant that they bring friends. They're going to have to get a bigger place soon with all the business that they are generating. I highly recommend coming here for lunch or dinner. They have take out, too! We like to stay and eat because the soups are so good. The food is very filling and we even have leftovers. The vegetables are very fresh and the meat is good quality. The combo meals are the best deal. We have a great experience every time we go.
5	The food is great. Staff is friendly and smiles are plenty. And the price is just right. Would come again for sure.
4	If you want orange chicken, here's a place to do it "local"!Decent price and fresh compared to a nearby chain, for example... Had the General Tso. It wasn't spicy, which would have been preferred, but I like that it's all white meat chicken and am looking forward to going back and trying some other dishes. I'll just be sure to tell them I want it "spicy!" :)
4	Prices are very cheap for the amount of food you get.  Not spicy, a lot of veggies and the chicken spring rolls are big and AWSOME.
4	I never heard any body mention this place around town, so I decided to check.it out on my own terms.place is spotless.clean.staff was really friendly and patient with my company.a few loud kids and my sister.lol.anyways food was good!freshly cooked.not a long wait.egg drop.soup was good too.i had a dinner combo.and it was.filling.no complaints from me :-)
4	I picked their "Americanized" fare and it was quite nice.  Nice enough for me to come back and try their more authentic-sounding dishes.  I'm excited.The food is not too salty.  I mean it's salty for sure but I wasn't downing my water like I usually do at, say, Pei Wei's.  The combination portion is quite generous.  Both my husband and I had some leftover and it was plenty of food to make one more meal (and a generous portion at that!)So I definitely recommend their broccoli beef and tofu with veggies in brown sauce.  My only complaint was the fried shrimp I got for my daughter tasted like it had been fried in old oil.  It wasn't horrible but I think reaching the point where they should really change the oil out for a fresh batch.  That might've just been timing on our part.
4	Best Asian food in Goodyear that we have had. Been searching for somewhere to eat besides Panda Express and this is the place! Very good food at a really good price. Everything we tried was good and if we have a craving for Chinese food, this is where we go. The orange chicken is different than your typical orange chicken but in a good, less breaded, way. I highly recommend i
4	I really like the food here and the restaurant itself is very nice and extremely clean. Although I haven't eaten inside I've picked up two different combos.  I'm not a coniseur of Chinese food but I know enough to when something is good. The first time I had the kung pao chicken combo which comes with fried rice(which isn't your typical fried rice but still really good) chow mein, egg roll, two cream cheese puffs, + your choice of soup. I didn't have the soup because they will only give to you if you eat in. So I can't judge the soup. The second time I had the general tsos chicken. Same sides included. I enjoyed both combos but preferred the kung pao because of the spice and vegetables. My one and only complaint-The Price. $9.55 for each one of these combos. But the price is justified because you get a lot of food, a lot. It's enough for two women to share. I'm a man and can finish it, gorging of course. But I'd prefer not to. And that's my tip to the owners-you need to offer a little less food on the dinner combo for $2 less. I'm retisent to order the combos anymore because of the amount of food. I'm a fan of combos so I'm at a loss. Maybe the lunch special is less food because the combos are much cheaper for those lunch specials??? But I'm not in the area around lunch time so I can't order that lunch. Other than that you won't be sorry if you can eat a lot of food.
4	A nice little find.I  discovered Wok Wei  Asian Cuisine when I was searching for a Chinese restaurant on the West Side of town .  I thought to myself,  who would know of a good place to grab a quick bite to eat, the answer was simple, my fellow "yelpers" and my fellow "yelpers" were right Wok Wei Asian Cuisine was a nice little find.From the time we entered the restaurant and received a warm welcome to the "Please come again" as we left out experience at Wok Wei was very pleasant. The menu offers a wide choice of dishes wuch includes lunch and dinner specials.  All the food is fresh and excellent tasting, and the portions are large, I mean really large.  You get a great deal for your money!The service is very fast and friendly. Wok Wei has both booths and tables and they have take out. Finally a good Asian restaurant in the west valley that is going to stay around.
4	great chinese food!! not the cookie cutter chinese cuisine like every other place that is opening up. I will definitely be making this one of my regular stops. would highly recommend this spot!!
5	Wow!  This little gem is awesome.  Clean, nice staff and good Chinese food. I had the chicken lo mein, hubby had the orange chicken.  Both lunch specials came with a cup of delicious egg drop soup, egg roll, cream cheese wonton and fried rice.  $5.95 each!Food is cooked to order with good american Chinese flavors.  Quicker and much tastier than the close by Chinese drive thru chain:)We will definitely return.
3	It was with sincere trepidation that I went to dinner at Wok Wei the other night.  It's not that I heard bad things about the place; not at all.  But I was afraid I might actually LIKE it ... and if you've lived here long enough, you know that the turnover of restaurants in this apparently cursed spot is quick and often.  The last restaurant here was a BBQ place and before I even had a chance to try it, off it went!  As it turns out, the food was indeed worth the effort.  The place is incredibly clean and pleasing to the eye (though the low-hanging lamps over the booths do give a slight feeling of being interrogated).  Though the place is small, the 18 booths and tables don't give off a feeling of being crammed in.  The wait staff is friendly and helpful, though there are some communication problems due to some linguistic comprehension problems.As you probably already know, most Chinese restaurants have combination plates, which can be a really good deal if you, and at least one other person, have the same tastes in food.  Thankfully, this restaurant has taken the concept further by offering combination plates on ALL their entrees  (so if your date stands you up on a Friday night or you're just too obnoxious to get a date in the first place, you don't have to break the bank ordering a la carte).The egg rolls are quite good and large and not very greasy at all, which is sort of unusual for egg rolls.  The crab puffs are more like a-tiny-bit-of-Philadelphia-Cream-Cheese-between-large-fried-noodles, but still good. The hot 'n sour soup is good, but nothing like I've ever had before.I ordered the Mongolian Beef, which, to me, was a bit too salty; however, I never use salt at home, so I'm pretty sensitive to it when it's used.  Probably, for the average American, it isn't really salty at all.  The combo plate comes with an (un)healthy portion of brown rice --- hey!  At least it's better than steamed, white rice --- and some strange, wormlike noodles I can't recall ever seeing in any Chinese cooking.  Flat noodles I've seen; especially as I cook Vietnamese.  But long and round?  Nope; that's new for me..For less than $10, the combo plate is worth the money, even if it's not the apex of Chinese food (and good luck finding that apex anywhere out in the West Valley!).  Were I a big fan of Chinese cooking like I used to be in my younger days, when I never knew Thai; didn't touch Sushi; and had no clue about the joys of spending less for basically the same stir-fry at Vietnamese --- I'd probably come back here.  That the restaurant didn't "wow" me has a lot more to do with my personal tastes than with this place.  Frankly, I'd be surprised if Wok Wei didn't last awhile (it already seems to have outsurvived its predecessors).So, if you're in Goodyear and you want some decent Chinese in a very clean environment, with friendly staff and reasonable prices, don't "Wok Wei" from this place; get in your car and go now, while the curse of its location is somehow still kept at bay.
4	I've been here 4 times now, 3 lunch and one dinner. Each visit was great.  Staff are quick and to the point, food is always cooked to order.  Week definitely come back. Each time I've gone I have ordered something with a spicy symbol next to it azgfd it wasn't spicy.  So don't worry, just try it.
2	Food was bland.  Previous yelper said it tasted like buffet food and it did.  Good lunch prices but rather spend more for better food. Restaurant was nice and staff was friendly.
4	This place is actually very good! I've been here twice, both times I got the walnut shrimp on the chef specials. It taste amazing. The only complaint my husband and I had was the rice is American rice. We're both asian and thought, "why on earth does a chinese restaurant have American rice?!" And the egg roll is too salty. But everything else is great including the customer service and cleanliness!
5	Came in here hungry and left very satisfied. My first time. Great service, very friendly.We tried the orange chicken (a must have) and the beef and broccoli. Both really good. Also we had the appetizer sampler. Delicious :)
5	The service is very quick and nice and the portions are a good size. Definitely go during lunch time for the great lunch specials.
2	Disappointed. I ordered a combination plate and rib appetizer to go. When I opened the container a few miles away the egg roll and cream cheese wontons were missing, and the ribs were more American than Chinese. Won't go back.
3	Food is decent but waiting time, not so much. Just a friendly suggestion, if you make the customers wait for more than 30 minutes on a Friday night, they will not come back. Lunch time wasn't that bad.
3	OH OH ... like so many before it, it appears Wok Wei has "walked away".  The storefront is dark and when you call, an answering machine tells you to leave a message (how about:  "bon voyage and welcome to the circle of many a restaurant which opened and shut down here!").Seriously, I'm beginning to wonder whether this location is cursed.
4	I'm happy to report that my last review was WRONG:  this restaurant has not closed down; apparently, they only took a few days off around Thanksgiving.
1	Worst service they never check up on you if you need more drink and food was alright. Only saw our waitress once when she brought us our food and after two pick up her check.
3	Restaurant looked clean, staff was friendly, and price was pretty good. That being said the sesame chicken was so-so.  It was somewhat spongy for my taste and the fried rice was not what I expected.  I would probably not come here again for that item.
5	Most delicious Chinese food I've ever had. Everything was fresh and seasoned to perfection. I had the dinner combo of sesame chicken. It came with an egg roll, two cheese puffs (which were amazing), lo mein, and fried rice. I would suggest this place to anyone who supports local businesses and fresh tasty food.
5	This place is awesome!  I ordered the sesame chicken combo which was a huge meal! It came with the chicken, lo mien, fried rice,  2 cheese puffs (wontons), and an eggroll. The eggroll was truly the highlight,  and this is coming from a girl who NEVER eats eggrolls because they get soggy & the cabbage has a gross texture & flavor... but, that was not the case with these.  They were big, crunchy on the outside, and perfectly cooked on the inside with like this chicken sausage...MMM! I will definitely be going back!
