5	It's hard to find a good vet these days. I swear that the tainted pet food crisis of last year made vets even more likely to push unnecessary and expensive "recommended" tests, treatments, and pills on pet owners. What happened to vets that just love animals? Anyway, I selected this vet because my husband and I adopted two 2-month old kittens from the AZ Humane Society's Campus for Compassion on Friday and VCA is the selected provider of the free (within 5 days) appointment that you get after adopting from a shelter. Having adopted four previous shelter cats, my husband and I have been to a few of these free appointments. Usually, the vets seem upset that they have to give services free even though these appointments give them an opportunity to secure future clientele, and they try to convince you to add a bunch of bloodwork or fecal exams to the bill. This vet did not. Furthermore, they cover up to $500 of necessary medical services for specified respiratory, digestive, and other conditions for each pet that is adopted from the Humane Society (this is in addition to the free first appointment and free goodies!). The Office Manager and front desk staff were super friendly when I was checking in. They offered me free kitten food and printed cat ownership information. The technician was gentle and patient, and the vet himself was really kind and seemed to genuinely be interested in the kittens and their well-being. I'm sorry that this hospital is so far from our house because otherwise, we would return to them in a second for our two new feline babies and our two existing cats.
4	This was a good experience for me. I took my kitty, Ireland in because of a cold and I was told it was not serious and I didn't HAVE to purchase medicince unless I wanted to. No upselling, no panic tactics to get me to spend more money. There was just an exam charge and all of the staff was very friendly and took good care of my sneezing kitty! The cold did go away on it's own as the vet implied so I am glad I didn't purchase antibiotics. Kitty is a Humane Society animal so they were very good at checking her over and making sure she seemed healthy and thriving. There has been no follow up since the visit, but other than that, very good service. Easy to find, convenient location, good parking, clean office.
5	My fiance took one of our dogs to VCA Elliot Park after we adopted her from the Arizona Humane Society-- it's one of the animal hospitals that offers free initial examinations to shelter animals. He was really pleased with his experience there, so I decided to take our other dog there after having horrible experiences at two other animal hospitals this past summer.The staff at VCA Elliot Park is so friendly and helpful, and Dr. Stanat is one of the most intelligent, compassionate veterinarians I have ever met. The entire time we were there, she was petting my dog, and she even gave him a few treats. Her kindness really helped him get over his fear of going to the veterinarian after the bad experiences we endured.There are two other fantastic qualities of this animal hospital: the staff genuinely helps you try to save money, and you get an IMMENSE amount of one-on-one time with the veterinarian (not just veterinary technicians). I will definitely be using this animal hospital for a long time.
5	I've been taking my beloved poodle/terrier mix here for just about 10 years. Now we have a new pup and they are both "patients." The office staff is wonderful and they know me and the names of my pets. (Okay, well maybe the use the computer to identify me, but I love walking in and they say hi to me and the dogs!) The office staff genuinely friendly totally efficient. Both Dr. Loeschen and Dr. Stanat are wonderful and give plenty of TLC. I don't know how Dr. Loeschen calms my jittery 10 yr. old, but he does. He is so gentle and honest with treatment and I never feel like I have to do everything he suggests right away. He let's me know what can wait and what is essential for the well-being of my pups. Under his care we have been able to avoid pesky bladder stones that plagued my older dog. Take you pets to VCA Elliot Park and you'll be in GREAT hands.
5	Failed to gouge me.   Very upsetting, now I must spend my money on booze & hookers.  This place also does this thing where they Listen.   Very bizarre.
5	Dr. Loeschen and his staff at Elliot Park Animal Hospital are the best. I have been going there for over 12 years.  Dr. L. is kind, patient, knowledgeable and the staff is welcoming.  They have taken care of my pets from when they were little to when they passed. My cat almost died of a urinary tract situation.  I believe he would not have lived if she was somewhere else.  They took care of him for days, nursing him back to health.  They even took a photo of my cat and the two aides together while he was there.  When it was time to say good-bye to my wonderful dog.  Dr. L and the staff made the room peaceful and was there right with you.  He watched this dog grow from a puppy and you could tell he was touched too.  They sent a lovely card with her footprint afterwards and did the same with our other pets who have passed.  I have been going to Elliot Park since before it was VCA and have had wonderful experiences. Thank you Dr. Loechen and staff for being there for me.  Keep up the good work.
5	I can't say enough good things about these people. My dog had a freak accident, where she jumped off my balcony and was impaled on a picket fence. My dog was extremely lucky. The fence post hit in a spot where it went through her abdomen, nearly punctured her bladder, but miraculously missed all of the important parts and she will be fine.But long before that they were always really good to me and I appreciated it. thanks guys.
5	Love this vet and entire staff.  Excellent care provided. Understand that my 4 dogs and 2 cats are family.  Provide good explanation of care needed; always know cost upfront.
5	What an amazing place.  I had a very sick cat.  Had to find a vet day after X-mas.  My dog vet couldn't get me in.  I knew Sebastian was suffering, and the chances of recovery were slim (15+ years old.)  After making the decision to put him to sleep, Dr. Loeschen and staff were very helpful and empathetic during the process.  It was very peaceful.  Shortly after, I received a sympathy card, along with stamped paw prints of my kitty.  After picking up his ashes, included was a lovely cast of his paw prints with the poem, The Rainbow Bridge, along with an angel pendant.  Very thoughtful.  Love this hospital, and will be back.
