3	Wow, I can't believe there's only one review about this course!  Okay, so, yeah, it's a good golf course and it has all the things that adequate-nice courses have like water obstacles, manicured lawns, driving range, putting practice greens, etc... The owners really maintain this course and I think that only thing that drags it down is the inefficiency of the workers there.  In Scottsdale, inefficiency, really?!  Shocker, right.  Yeah, on the numerous occasions that I have played this course, there has always been that stoned-dude-whhhhat-guy who helps place your bag on the cart, like he's conducting some type or neuron procedure, but the grass is pretty decent out here so we'll leave that aside.  The real problem with this place happens when you have an issue/question greater than where's the bathroom?  Everyone has a different answer.  Hmm, maybe this stems back to the bag loading guys.  Regardless, it's really picturesque course and the cart girl is overly pushy, so if you like to knock'em back and have a few Benjis with ya, you'll do great, sport.
4	it's at the westin that i understood the difference between a "real golf course" and a resort golf course.  a resort golf course has lots of space around it. it has one hole right next to the other so that if you miss your drive way right or left then you're still in an adjacent fairway and you can still have a perfectly legit shot at the green even though you missed your fairway by 80 yards.  westin kierland is definely a resort golf course.  the distances aren't intimidating.  and the great thing is that many of the holes have hills on the sides of the fairway which is sorta like bowling with bumpers where the gutters should be.  makes it nice when you miss your drive by 30 yards left and it bounces off the hill and your ball rolls back to the center.  we only were able to get in 9 holes before sunset and i shot a 4 over par which would put me at 8 over for the round and maybe be a 6-handicap overall.  NOT.  i really did shoot 4 over through 9 but i'm definitely not a 6-handicap.  anyway, the course is in great shape, and the services are killer.  they even have refridgerated carts!  how do they do that, you say?  they have ice boxes on the carts and blowers to blow cold air on you as you drive around.  it's actually pretty nice even though we played around sunset so we didn't need them too much.  good resort and good course and good facilities.  knock off only one star for being way too easy.
4	Grass was beautiful, carts were nice, wasn't tough, but I don't think it deserves minus points for that.. The only problem I had with it was the greens (while in GREAT shape) weren't cut short and rolled so they were really slow very unlike a professional course.. not sure why people give it a 2 with nothing REALLY bad to say about it...
4	This is a fun golf course.  It's always well kept and they don't cram a bunch of people together, so the pace of the golf is pleasant.  For an average golfer, this course can be a lot of fun because it's not too long....from the front tees, you're just under 6,000 yds.Every time I've played this golf course, the greens and fairways have been immaculate.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/kierland-golf-course-scottsdale?select=mXkQcaGlZwyEyoGueP43yg#mXkQcaGlZwyEyoGueP43yghttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/kierland-golf-course-scottsdale?select=4iXltc1ZfLhuoNAHx26myA#4iXltc1ZfLhuoNAHx26myAhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/kierland-golf-course-scottsdale?select=WMGiGUHLd8sn5Z20aWismA#WMGiGUHLd8sn5Z20aWismAAdditionally, the golf course staff goes over the top to make sure you're having a good time.  I definitely recommend this place to friends.Return Factor - 95
2	Not worth $220 but the course is in wonderful shape.  The greens are amazing here.  The ball actually rolls where it should go.  +1 star!
4	Loved playing here. Sure it's a bit of a confidence booster, but so what? Golf is supposed to be fun, and shooting low scores without racking up lost ball penalties is *really* fun if you ask me!I was blown away by how nice all of the facilities were. The practice range was top notch and the restaurant tasty. I played the Mesquite and Ironwood courses since Acacia was being top-seeded. The course is pricey but more affordable with a Troon card. I'll certainly be back.
