4	Fancy for the Hen, but wow, succulent!!!! Casual vibe, sweet servers, nice design, incredible food, and byow. They have two seatings @6 and @9 - so it is best to make reservations. We tried the trout, tuna, and risotto -- all perfect. Great for special occasions.
4	Good value, attentive service and BYO!! Will be back 100%
4	Dined here recently with a group of rowdy anglo friends and had no problem with the service, very friendly if a little absent minded. The food I ordered was delicious - the math of the Table D'Hote didn't seem to add up for me so I went for an entree and app. The squash soup with deep fried breaded escargot and roast garlic on toast had me moaning and eye rolling and refusing to share. The tartar with the crispy fried herbs and caviar was meal-sized and amazingly delicious. Not West Coast fresh, but for Montreal, really lovely. The decor is chic, maybe odd for the neighborhood, but not ostentatious, and definitely comfortable and romantic.
4	Just back from a very enjoyable dinner here tonight. Every bite of food was excellent. We had a large party of about 10 people and between all of us we probably ordered everything on the menu (except the horse- blech). Everyone loved the food. Service was also great, very freindly and bilingual. Standouts were the lobster salad appetizer and especially this little apple sherbert and bourbon palet cleanser that was out of this world (please offer a dish of this on your dessert menu). At $130.00 including tip for me and my wife with no alcohol, the price was at the upper end of comfortable for us but I definitely feel like we got our money's worth.Maybe I'm getting old but noise level is getting to be more and more of a consideration for me lately. For a fairly small room, this place is LOUD. It would be ok for two or maybe four people but with our group of ten, I couldn't hear a word from the other end of the table all night. The crowd was not rowdy and there was no music playing but the noise level seemed to have something to do with the acoustics of the room.The only other negative for me was the complicated pricing structure which required listening to a lecture by our server before ordering. There was Christmas menu but if we wanted that, everyone at the table needed to order it as well as table de hote and a la carte menu's with slightly different items on each. These two issues are kind of pet peeves of mine and may not bother everyone.Reccomended, would defenitely go back.
3	Sweet servers, cute and modern decoration, good but not perfect (special) food, a bit overpriced but byow. One time experience was worth it but nothing special. It's best to make reservations.
2	This place needs a serious front-of-house makeover.  With a 9pm reservation, we finally received our mains at 11pm...with absolutely no acknowledgement of the excessive wait.   I was marginally pleased with my meal but my three dinner guests were underwhelmed to say the least. The state of the only restroom in the restaurant was absolutely disgraceful.  It was dirty and reeked of urine (we are certain someone relieved himself on the wall - no joke). I've been in bathrooms at outdoor concerts that were better maintained. It was beyond offensive.  I've given an extra star here for the owner/manager who comp'd half our meals on account of our very disappointing experience in his restaurant.
1	Don't waste your time going there. I generally couldn't care less about the price of food in a restaurant but this was the most overpriced streak I've had in my life. I could do better in 10 min at home with costco steak.The entrees weren't good either.Everyone at the table is disappointed with their food. The service is worth a C- note. They didn't even know how to price their off menu items they were offering. There is clearly a lack of training.Terrible, terrible. But hey, at least we're laughing about it.
4	Very good food and BYOW. The neighborhood is not the best but the restaurant is really nice. The service was excellent and attentive. As for the price very good quality for little price. I recommend this BYOW restaurant if you love French food.
3	Loud, and busy. Not my favourite but you can bring your own wine. It's nice to visit once in a while but i won't be back for the moment. The service is irregular (sometimes good but often absent once the order is taken). You might find your bill to be a little expensive for the quality but you'll get over it and then you might come back, or not - I liked the decor and the ambiance will depend on other patrons since the place is on the small side. It does bring the neighbourhood a well deserved uplift.
4	All the food was delicious! We went for a friend's birthday, we were a group of 12. The place is loud, but if you are ok with that, then it's totally worth it. Bring your own wine is a plus. The oysters were great, the tuna tartare melts in your mouth. I will definitely return. (The place is similar to the Wellington but younger and louder. Turns out it's the same owners.)
