4	It was good in college and its still good now!
1	one word    YUCK  !!!!!!!
2	We ordered sandwiches for delivery on a Tuesday night.  The ordering process was smooth, professional and polite.  The order arrived within the stated time, so that was another plus.  Now the minuses...when ordering the person taking the order offered me a deal of two sandwiches plus two 20 oz. sodas for $12.99, then proceeded to tell me the total would be $16.46.  That's a hefty delivery charge if you ask me, and sorry but that reduces the tip!  I understand the driver does not receive any of the delivery charge, but jacking the order from $12.99 to $16+ makes me not have much left for a tip.  Now the sandwiches...we both ordered the Philly Cheesesteak.  They were both covered heavily in cheese, making the bun a soggy mess.  Cheese seemed to be the main ingredient in the sandwich, very sparse with the meat and veggie toppings.  Bottom line, would never order a sandwich for delivery again, would never order the Philly Cheesesteak at all and probably wouldn't bother with the pizza after reading other reviews and having better options available.
4	We have had nothing but good luck with them.  Quality food, super fast delivery, and everyone is very polite.  I was surprised this time that the specials were gone and a delivery fee was added, but the guy on the phone was up front about it.
3	It's pretty good overall but they were too light on the sauce and the music inside was disturbingly loud. Pretty good.
4	The food was fantastic. I had a Buffalo Chicken grinder and a small order of Topper Stix. The sandwich cam piping hot and toasted to perfection. It was delicious.  The stix were as they always are...amazingly fattening.
4	Skip the delivery, go for pickup.This has to be one of the most creative lobbies of a pizza place I've come across.  4 TVs, with one always on Nick Jr.  My 3 year old appreciates that.  Not to mention a basketball hoop, hula hoops, and other fun things to keep you occupied.That is to say you won't be waiting forever for your pizza.  Typically just a few minutes, but a fun atmosphere to be in.The food, oh yeah.  It's solid.  Great specialty pizzas, including the buffalo chicken pizza and the taco pizza.  Not too many places make a taco pizza around here.  This place does, and it's great.  It's a great choice for the family.  While it may not be the cheapest place in town, it's a great choice.
3	For late night delivery it is pretty standard.  Nothing really spectacular, nothing really crap.   If glass nickel pizza isn't delivering or  if you're a third shifter look for something other then the vending machine special, this option isn't to bad.
4	Let me start by saying I'm a New York native and I'm generally not satisfied with the delivery pizza options in the Verona area. That said, Topper's is very good considering its competition here on the south side.I ordered the 2 medium pizza deal for $7.99 (3 toppings) which is a very good price compared to Glass Nickel and AJ's. I also ordered hot buffalo boneless wings.The crust on the hand-tossed pizza is superb, compared to every other pizza joint in the area. It has that super chewy mouth feel with a foldable slice that I have been hard-pressed to find outside of New York.The cheese is decent low moisture mozzarella, not bad but not spectacular either. It's the same cheese everyone else uses and it's head and shoulders above the plastic, sickly sweet stuff that Pizza Hut throws on their pies. The tomato sauce is pretty standard too - the dipping sauces, while not my preferred way to eat pizza, make up for otherwise slightly bland tomato sauce. I could not stop dipping once I tasted the parmesan garlic sauce though - it is absolutely fantastic.Fresh toppings round out the four stars - no canned mushrooms here and the onions were obviously sliced recently, not sitting in cold storage for two days.As far as delivery goes, Topper's will be my first choice for value, and for that amazing crust that makes me feel like I'm 16 again, walking to the park after school and buying a couple slices of pepperoni from that pervy old Italian guy that ran the corner pizzeria. Glass Nickel is a close second but far too expensive for my preference.The boneless wings? I'll have to revisit them another time. They had a nice hotness to them without too much fire, and were cooked well, but the breading was soggy with buffalo sauce by the time they arrived at my door and I missed out on the crunch factor which is the only reason I really ever buy boneless wings.All in all, Topper's is my new favorite in the Verona area, but they don't really have any decent competition.
