3	Panda Express unleashed Chinese fast food on the masses. It isn't hard to see why this place succeeds, though at the same time they do leave something to be desired.The big draw of Panda Express is the obvious one - It's a fast, inexpensive way to get Chinese food. They have a variety of items, including chicken, pork, beef, soup, egg rolls, and a variety of drinks, both fountain and bottled. The Orange Chicken is, far and above, their most popular item, and is an excellent choice. The place also has a variety of promotional items on their menu on a regular basis. One complaint I have about the establishment, however, is that very few of their restaurants actually have drive-thru windows. The ones I know of that do are Stephanie/American Pacific, Sunset/Sandhill, Warm Springs/Las Vegas Blvd., and Boulder City. There are tons of others, but these are the only ones I know of and have visited on a regular basis.Sadly, the food at Panda is ready-made and waiting under heat lamps. This means no customized orders. Much as I like the food here, I do have other complaints. First and foremost, service is second-rate. Ordering through the box, they often mishear my order. At the aforementioned Sunset/Sandhill location. I said I wanted "fried rice" with my Panda Bowl. The woman said back to me "white rice?" I said "fried rice" again to correct her. So why were the next words out of her mouth "white rice" again? There is no such things as "white rice"; it is called STEAMED rice. This is just one story of hundreds I could tell. Additionally, I usually eat at the Stephanie/American Pacific location, but one time I showed up right at the time it said they opened, and NO ONE showed up to take my order. Your opening time is a contract to your customers, period. BE READY TO SERVE YOUR CUSTOMERS AT THAT TIME.Despite the order mishaps and the lackluster selection of restaurants with a drive-thru window, the food here is quite good. There is bound to be a restaurant near you, so I can give it a firm recommendation. Just be sure you visit a stand-alone location, as grocery store/mall locations often don't have the complete menu.
4	This is one of the Panda Express restaurants that I patronize in the Vegas fast food landscape. Four stars because I am a fan of Panda Express. This location lives up to their name.  Panda Express is no authentic Chinese restaurant, however it serves quality food. In my opinion, their chow mein noodles is tastier than those served in some of the Green Valley area Chinese restaurants. In comparison to some of the fast food chains, I don't feel like I'm eating fast food. I have been and still am a Panda Express fan.
4	The food is good, they load up the plates and everyone is happy. After giving up Panda Express for years, this place made me a believer. Love their noodles! Yum!!
1	Are you people insane?  If you think that Panda Express is good Chinese food, then you must also think Sbarro is awesome Italian food.  This place is at best a decent option at an airport.  The chicken dishes are stringy.  The beef dished are tough.  Their fried rice is bland.  If you are stuck somewhere and this is the only option, it will not make you sick.  If you are not stuck somewhere, please yelp a non-chain Chinese option.
4	We eat here often, but lately the drive-thru is understaffed and it takes a while to get thru.
4	Go in! Drive thru sucks!
5	Great customer service. The establishment was clean and well kept.  The food was good as always. I got great portion sizes. Everything was in stalk... no food items missing. Effy (the employee who took care of me) was extremely nice and attentive.  I'll be back soon lol.
5	Panda Express is like anything else, some locations have great management and some don't, you can tell by the food that this panda has great employees and management the food at this location is always fresh. I've been to pandas all over town but this one is what put them on the map.
5	Panda Express on a sat night, can't wait very good food as always. Orange chicken and brown fried rice
3	While waiting to get our oil changed at Firestone we were starving, so we decided to walk across the street to get Panda Express.When we walked in we were excited to see all of their options and since this was my first time dining in a Panda Express, I had no idea what to expect.The quality was average fast food Chinese but it was great that the food was hot and ready. The price was decent, the quantity was large, and overall we enjoyed sitting outside while eating our lunch.
