4	My boyfriend took me here for my 25th birthday and we had a very nice dinner.  The food was great, the service was great, the ambiance was lacking.  It was a little depressing, and not hip at all.  The view is of a huge flashing billboard, and that is all you will see.  We kind of got a kick out of that though because it kept on flashing up on the screen that cheesy Clint dude whose face appeared literally everywhere we turned the whole time we were in Vegas.  I'm not kidding, turn around and his mug is right there.  Get in a cab and he's on the back of the seat in front of you!  Open up a brochure and lo and behold, there's Clint!  So Clint had us laughing throughout the dinner (I swear it was Clint and not the two bottles of wine we had).  I've had better food at steakhouses before.  I got the lamb chops and they were pretty fatty, but very tasty.  My boyfriend loved his steak.  The service was absolutely amazing though.  Probably best service I've had ever.All in all, it was a very nice experience.
3	Sort of a boring atmosphere in sort of a boring location.  First off, they serve you bagel chips and salsa to start, and the waiter was certain to point out that this was their signature starter.  The bagel chips were fine but the salsa certainly tasted store-bought.  So this place dug itself a hole early.The steaks were good although a bit on the pricey side.  Every steak comes with their "world famous" mushrooms which, like their salsa, tasted like jarred button mushrooms.  A pool of butter formed around the edge of our side of mashed potatos.So good food, but honestly I'd rather just go to the Outback in the casino next door and get the same steak for $10 less.  Range was not worth the total lack of atmosphere.
3	The Good: My dad ordered prime rib, and according to him, it was superb.  So if you're into the rarest of rare, then I'd say order it.  I ordered pork loin chops with garlic mashed potatoes.  Plus, because my parents frequent the casinos so much, half of the total was comped, so that's always good.  The view is decent...on the fourth floor, overlooking the strip.The Bad: The onion soup is not onion soup.  It's so dense, it's more like onion dip...not what you had planned on having.  The crab cakes also weren't good.  In fact, they were super greasy.  Not good eats.The Ugly:  The souffle!!  The dessert menu had 3 or 4 souffle choices.  We ordered the Grand Marnier souffle to share, and placed the order at the beginning of the meal to give the kitchen ample time to prepare it.  It was gross!!  Completely underdone.  Seriously, it had barely browned around the edges and was completely runny.  Yuck!!
4	A very good steakhouse that makes sure you leave patting your belly in satisfaction.  The atmosphere here is very dim, and there really isn't a 'fascinating' view of the strip from here, but the service is impeccable.  I haven't experienced anything negative from any of the employees here.  The hostesses are attentive and cordial, the waiters prompt and knowledgeable, and the chefs....well they know what they're doing.Like most steak houses this place offers a huge porterhouse (24 oz) along with your standard Rib eyes, and NY Strips.  Everything is cooked to the proper doneness that you ask for.  Dishes are served A la carte, so you do have to pay extra for that baked potato or fries to go with your meat.Speaking of sides, Their garlic steak fries are a staple for me here.  yes I'm a potato lover, and these fries are actually more like logs.  They're a huge potato that's been quartered, then fried w/ garlic, seasoned, then served.  I recommend you use a fork and knife to chow it down, but nobody says you can't use your fingers too....it is a fry after all.The appetizers are great too, I highly recommend the crab & artichoke dip.  It is on the creamy side, but the flavor is great!  The mac & cheese is exceptionally tasty too, fresh cheese, bits of ham, very creamy.They do have a cigars available for sale too, and a pretty good wine list.  This place hasn't failed to disappoint yet, except when it ran out of their bagel chips (served as a general appetizer with salsa).
5	Very good food and great view of the night life while dining. Would go back again.Some other reviews I have seen are negative over commonly expected things. The Range is Extraordinary in every way.  I have eaten there 10 to 12 times and it is alway an experience.Dar is an excellent server and always at top of her game!The Range has favorites!  Where else can you get the best steak, have it with excellent macaroni and cheese with Pretzel bread dipped in an excellent dip.  The themes are all their own but nonetheless complimentary.
4	A quiet secluded restaurant off the strip.  You need to enter from an elevator inside Harrah's.  The window over looks the strip and you can see the Caesars palace forum shops from there.  Cozy and dimly lit atmosphere and live music inside.  A very nice get away from the sound of slot machines.  Even nicer is the fact that we didnt need reservations and no long lines!  We got seated in less than 5mins.  The service is very attentive, lots of staff asking if everything is ok.  The bread they serve while you wait is good.  The rib eye I ordered was huge!  I ordered medium well, so it wasnt too burnt, cooked perfectly.  Juicy on the inside and grill lines on the outside.  You'll need to order extras such as baked potatoe which was good too.  Definitely pricey but worth every cent.  I'd go back just to get drinks at the bar.
5	Yet another restaurant that I'd like to give more than 5 stars to.  Every time I have been here the steak has been completely perfect, so I have nothing bad to say about this place.  The servers have always been great as well.  They make a mean long island iced tea that'll get you DRUNK!Last time we were there (9/22) the dinner was SUPERB, and there were a jazz duo in the lounge area playing sweet sweet melodies to dine to.  I highly recommend this restaurant to anyone who enjoys a high class steak.
4	We had reservations for this place on a Saturday night.  Take an elevator ride up from inside Harrah's.  We show up and it was dead as dead could be. More like half full, but what do you expect.  Harrah's casino isn't exactly the go-to destination for a nice dinner.   I was like, "Great D, this place is going to suck goat balls."We get seated and have a view of the strip.  They bring out an array of rolls, flatbread, and pretzel rolls.  Pretzel rolls?! Ah damn kiddo, things are looking up! The atmosphere was laid back, not all pretentious and sh!t.  Still maintaining that steakhouse feel.  So that was kinda refreshing, in a cold beer on a hot summer day kinda way.We order the bone-in ribeye with kind crab legs.  Everything was on point. No complaints what-so-ever.  Our server, an older gentleman, was funny as hell. Can I have a bag full of those pretzel rolls to go please?
5	i had the best bloody mary with grey goose ever in my life here.  their beef salad was interesting but really good.  all the food is a la carte.   i had the salmon served over garlic mashed potatoes.  it was delicious!  the complimentary bread was amazing!  usually other places serve just sourdough.  this place had unique breads pretzel, bacon cheddar, and walnut raisin. the service was great.  they treated us well even though we were some what under-dressed.  the place was very elegant.  we had a great view of the strip.we left very full and $150 poorer in less than an hour.
5	For the best steak in Vegas come to "The Range"...It's on the upper floor of the Harrah's...I like this place because their steak cuts are huge (Texas Style Steak)...Their smashed potatoes has alot of butter on it but I like me some creamy butter smashed potatoes, it goes well with the steak...Vegas steak prices are pretty much all the same (pricey) but if you want a bigger size steak come here...
5	Excellent food at the Range Steakhouse at Harrah's!  I tried this place out for the first time on a recent trip to Vegas.  I had always heard very good things about the Range, but never had a chance to try it out.  Well, my wife and I finally tried it and we loved it!For starters, you take an elevator up from the casino floor to the restaurant.  You are immediately transported from the loud flashy casino to a dimly lit and relaxed restaurant with a great view of the Strip..Our waiter was Shawn (Sean?) from Oregon and he was great.  My wife and I ordered a couple of Blue Moon beers when we got there and asked for orange slices in the glasses.  Our waiter said he didn't think they had any orange slices in the kitchen, but promised to find some even though we said we could do without.  After conferring with some of the other waiters and then apparently leaving the restaurant, for the buffet or cafe I can only assume, Shawn comes back with a whole orange in hand to slice up for our drinks.  What a guy!We then ordered the escargot for the appetizer.  It was good, but did not however fall into the category of great.  The escargot seemed a bit smaller than what I was used to and the little bit of sauce that it was covered in did not have too much flavor to it.  Not bad, but nothing too special.  Our main courses made up for that though.  I got the large cut of prime rib and my wife got the filet mignon.  Both of which were among the best cuts of beef we have ever had.  We both agreed my prime rib made it up there to our top 3 list of best steak dinners ever.  We also ordered the creamed spinach as a side dish and it was very good.  We were stuffed after we finished our meals, but then the dessert menu came by and everything sounded so unique and good.  We broke down and shared a piece of the chocolate molten lava cake.  It was incredible.  So good!The prices are typical Vegas steakhouse prices, but after comparing it to some other steakhouses we had been to in Vegas, the Range came out a bit cheaper with better taste, quality, and quantity than many of the other steakhouses around town.Five stars go to the Range for their unique menu, great service and excellent food!
4	Great steak and prime rib! We are Vegas locals and went out for a rare night out on the Strip. We didn't have any particular plans except for catching some comedians at The Improv at Harrah's. We went to The Range because it was convenient to The Improv and WOW it was great. I had the fillet and my wife had prime rib. Both were excellent, but if you like horseradish ask for some straight. What they serve with the prime rib is creamy and very weak, but quickly brought a container of straight horseradish. Also, you can't miss the Au gratin potatoes if you love garlic! Yummy!!!
5	Greatest bone in rib eye I have ever had!! It was cooked to perfection with a savory butter crust on the outside and cooked med rare on the inside. My steak was about 3 in thick and still cooked well throughout. Service and view here are great!! We were seated next to the large windows that look out towards Cesars palace and Las Vegas Blvd. Our server was very nice great at making us feel welcome. Along side my steak my girlfriend and I shared a large baked potato (waiter informed us all sides are meant to be shared for 2) and a mixed green salad with blue cheese. We also got a basket of various small rolls and breads. I could go on and on about all the great points of our meal but the bottom line is this. The Range is a serious steakhouse!! Very nice inside with a piano player taking requests on the second level at Harrah's away from the noise of the casino you can enjoy a great meal!
5	I go to Las Vegas at least 3 times a year. The Harrahs properties have been very gracious and accommodating. I had just about given up on getting a good steak in this town, until i took the advice of my Casino Host Tony D., from the Rio.The RANGE Steakhouse. It does not get any better than this. The staff are very good, and attentive.  I had the Delmonico pepper crusted steak, rare to a max of medium rare. It was superb. It was dressed with a wonderful caramelized onion demi-glace sauce.  My wife had an awesome slice of their Prime Rib. Not a word was spoken, some wonderful oohs and ahhs were uttered. Sides of red potatoes and baby asparagus. Now I wax poetically about the RANGE Steakhouse, because I have been SO disappointed by the "steak" restaurants at the Rio and Caesar's. They pale in the light of the RANGE.
4	A good solid steakhouse.  Not the best, but it has a lot going for it.  The waitstaff was good, the view was good, and the setting was different.  The salads were made w/ fresh greens,etc.,the dressing was excellent, and the steak tender.  The only drawback to the steak is that it could have had more flavor; on the other hand, my partner said her steak had good flavor.  Go figure.The dessert was outstanding.
4	Nice cozy atmosphere, lots of dark wood and leather, warm lighting. We started with this dip, I think crab artichoke, which was so amazingly good I couldn't believe it. A flavor explosion in your mouth. And they give you a few different types of really good bread. Steak was superb. First time had rib-eye - very flavorful, cooked perfectly - second time had filet mignon - melt in your mouth yumminess. Had crab legs with the filet which were equally melt in your mouth perfection. I can't remember everything we had but we all left very satisfied. In terms of the service, first waiter we had was a very warm, friendly older man who took excellent care of us. Second time the waiter was a little stiff, not super friendly. I wanted to split a dish with my friend and he informed me there would be an $8(!!) split charge. I thought that was absolutely ridiculous and told him I changed my mind and would not be splitting the dish. He seemed kinda skeptical, and throughout the meal I felt like he was watching me, waiting to see if I actually did share any of the dish with my friend. Which of course I did ;-p I just tried to be discreet about it. Also, when I asked for a wine recommendation his tone was fairly condescending. This waiter's attitude was the only slightly sour note in two overall very sweet experiences at the Range.
4	This place is like a way better version of the circus circus steak house. Not cheap but less expensive than most and a good selection of dry aged prime steaks grilled perfect.  They are not reinventing anything here, they have the typical sides and salads but they are executed very well.  We also had a particularly friendly waiter and good service. Believe it or not it is hard to find a place in Vegas that serves multiple cuts of dry aged prime steaks, most have one or two signature cuts and the rest are "wet aged" (especially filets) or they want to charge you ridiculous by the ounce prices for some specialty beef, not here.  The menu says all the steaks are prime and dry aged (I asked when I made the reservation too).   I had the bone in rib eye 20oz, it had a nice mild aged beef flavor and was 44 bucks.  My guest had the surf and turf, 6oz filet with half a butter poached lobster tail on top for 46 bucks, good deal.  The lobster was cooked absolutely perfectly and was especially delicious. The sides were real tasty but nothing revolutionary, however the creamed spinach was delicious and probably the best I have ever had. All the sides were 7 bucks which is cheap when compared and big enough to share.    I didn't give then 5 stars because nothing blew my mind, there are some great, albeit more expensive, steakhouses out there that are doing some real interesting things. If you want a great cut of meat with some great traditional sides and no nonsense go here for sure.
4	Yes... now this is the ultimate steakhouse: pricey, low light, servers literally running down the aisles, and most of all: delicious, juicy steaks.I ate at The Range with family and we had a blast at a huge round table over-looking the Vegas Strip. The lighting was PERFECT as it was dark and mysterious. Now, the food was most scrumptious. I shared the 10 oz. filet and it was almost perfect, but not quite. As crazy as it sounds, their side salad I could of ate all night long. The hearty helping of cucumbers and fancy lettuces under the creamy Ranch dressing was enough to make me want to mang for eternity.I enjoyed The Range. The basket of delicious warm bread tops off the evening. :P
5	WOW...this place is  bomdiggity.  I'm not a steak expert, but I do know what tastes good.  I came here with my girlfriend after reading other great reviews for this place, and now I know what everyone was raving about.  I ordered the bone-in rib eye and man was that flavorful and cooked to perfection.  I had a big appetite coming into the restaurant, but the rib-eye was so big I couldn't even finish it.  My girlfriend ordered the N.Y. peppered steak and that was incredible.  We also ordered a side of their potato wedges...there were only 4 potato wedges, but they were HUGE HUGE HUGE.  I've tried other steak restaurants like Morton's, Ruth Chris, and Dal Rae's but to be honest they aren't on the same level as The Range.  Whenever I go back to Vegas I will definitely make an attempt to come here everytime!
4	My company dinner is held here twice a year after our convention.  The food is great, the service is great and there's a nice view of the strip.  I've had all the steaks and it's all delicous except for the delmonico style steak.  It's not my cup of tea.  i love ordering the bone in Ny Steak and adding a lobster tail!!! AWESOME i dont care how much it is cause i dont pay!!!  LOL company expense
5	The Range Steakhouse was absolutely outstanding. The atmosphere is nice -- there was a piano bar and the music filters through the dimply lit restaurant. The views of the Strip are awesome. We ordered cocktails and they were perfectly poured, mixed, and of generous proportion (this, from 2 former bartenders and picky drinkers). AND, so reasonably priced -- way better than anywhere else we went in Vegas. My husband's top shelf Manhattan, up, was only $9, and came in a HUGE glass - easily 2.5 Manhattans in one. The bread before dinner was a nice change up from the traditional boring bread basket - there were pretzel rolls, bacon cheese herb baguettes, and some sort of raisin spice roll, along with fresh butter. Our server, James, was professional, friendly, and totally unobtrusive. We never waited for a thing, he just appeared to take care of everything right before we thought we needed it. My other half and I are big time carnivores, and we couldn't have been more satisfied with dinner. We got the bone in New York Strip and the Bone in Rib-eye and shared. The steaks were tender and juicy and my rib-eye was cooked perfectly medium rare. My husband's strip (also ordered med rare was overcooked to medium, but still delicious. That was probably the only disappointing thing, but we didn't want to complain, it still tasted tender and perfect, so the meal went on. We also shared a house salad with ranch, the Alsatian potatoes (with caramelized onions and bacon), and grilled asparagus, which came with fresh hollandaise. THEN, we ordered the pineapple-upside-down-bread pudding for dessert. I could wax poetic on dessert alone for an hour. It rocked and I've been trying to duplicate the recipe since we came home a month ago. We ate like pigs -- it was our only meal of the day and we more than made up for "lost" calories. All of the portions are huge, definitely big enough to share one side item and a steak, but we splurged. Additionally, we got 50% off the entrees from tix4less (the special excluded the whole lobster dinner and the crab leg dinner, but we were in it for steak, so we didn't care), so it was more a caloric splurge than a monetary one.
4	It has a very nice, comfy and relaxing athmosphere.  It's like having ur own private dinner.  Excellent customer service.
2	Meh, my filet was overcooked, service was slow. Ambiance was nice but ..nothing really special. The sides were a la carte. If you're looking for a good steakhouse, look elsewhere.
3	A decent steakhouse, great atmosphere and is what I expect from a great steakhouse.... the only thing I got the bone in rib eye (I asked for med rare and it was more like a strong medium, cool center makes sense right?). They made it up to me in a glass of wine that had ordered and the waitress was nice. As Bubba N mentioned a plus is they have a good selection of bread that's brought to your table, but that's no reason for 5 stars... but I would tell everyone that this is a 3.5 stars because their appetizers are AMAZING, get their Wagu Carpaccio and their Jumbo Shrimp Combo.... that was waaaaaay better than my dinner.  So if you're looking for a light dinner, get the appetizers and a glass of wine, it's not worth to pay the $40+ for a steak.
4	While staying for our first time in Vegas, The Range was recommended to us by multiple people so we checked it out after a Cirque du Soleil show. We were late diners, 9:30. Which i guess isn't late for Vegas. They had cozy booths, with windowed walls with a view overlooking the strip. Now to the reason I'm writing this... not so much for me but my husband, STILL, will not stop talking about how it was the best meal he ever had, so I'll tell you about his experience. He started with the escargots and was very generous to let me try one in between his gushing how perfectly they were cooked and how the butter was marvelous - okay, maybe I am improvising a bit.... point is, he liked them very much. Then for dinner he ordered the rack of lamb, medium rare with a side of creamed spinach. When he said it was the best meal he ever had, he wasn't just saying that. Actually, come to think of it he has never really raved about food before this, that is how I know he wasn't kidding (and because I tried what he ordered - yummy! ) Food was fresh and cooked perfectly. In addition, the piano player was a great way to set the mood for a romantic dinner.
5	All around great! I had the Kobe Short Ribs which were excellent. The seafood platter appetizer we ate was fresh and fantastic. Good service and great wine man.
5	This was a great steakhouse experience.  We started by getting a half price dinner coupon at tix 4 tonight booth.  I had wanted to eat at this restaurant for awhile and am glad that I finally did.  The half price is for half off entree excluding a few of the steaks and some of the seafood.  We got a 20 oz new york strip and surf and turf combo ( 6 oz filet and 6 oz lobster tail) for 22 and 23 dollars each with the discount.  The steak was cooked perfectly exactly how I wanted it.  I was really happy with the taste.  The side of mushrooms were outstanding and the tiramisu for dessert was great.  It's a really nice setting inside and we were given a table on the window which is centered along the strip.  We will definitely return to this restaurant.  Make sure you get the half off ticket though.
2	Gave this place a try, but was very disappointed for a "5 star" steakhouse. This "view of the strip" is more like a view of the las vegas strip street from a 3rd story window. There was a lady who would interrupt our dinner time suggesting that we take pictures. The pictures came out looked washed and unprofessional.  I ordered the filet mignon while my boyfriend had prime rib. The steakhouse's version of "medium rare"  is prepared medium well. I was surprised because I was expecting my steak to be "bloodier" on the plate. Also the steaks do not come with side orders, they have to be ordered seperately, for $7-$10 more. Nearly half of the prime rib my boyfriend ordered was fat. For such a nice place we expected at least the prime rib to have a lot less fat on it.Won't eat here again and I don't suggest anyone else to.
4	When a friend who frequents Sizzler, Denny's and IHOP suggested we come here for his birthday dinner I wasn't expecting much. As we walked through Harrah's casino I said to myself, it's for his birthday. Suck. It. Up. We took the elevator up and were pleasantly surprised by the old school and classic steakhouse feel. We ordered: -Prime Rib (I'm a fan of Lawry's but this was really good!) - Very tender and the cut was huge. Plus. -Twin Lobster Tails - cooked perfectly -Loaded mashed potatoes (we dressed it ourselves, they could have provided us with a tad more butter and sour cream though) -Creamed spinach - a runny mess...meh. Hubs and I would definitely return. The prices were great (considering we went to Craftsteak the night before and dropped over $400 on our meal) and the food was very good.
5	Me and my girlfriend came here for our two year anniversary ... The food was amazing !!!  Filet mignon was the best i have ever had ... Mac and cheese ... delish !
5	well the meat is the best i have had in a long time! sides excellent had the 1/2 off the main dish coupon (some limitations check it before buying doesn't include lobster and some steaks) however as well worth it for us my boyfriend and i both had the filet mignon very tender very flavorful! our sides mac and cheese very good and the asparagus was cook just right! our bill was under 80.00 not bad for great food!
5	Went to the Range last month and the food was amazing. The place is elegant, conserve and romantic with a great view to the strip on the second floor. They had great customer service, a nice selection of wine, and their Boneless New York steak is amazing. I've been there before and I have to mention that the Prime Rib is one of their best as well. The pricing is very reasonable. Will be back again in December.
3	The Range Steakhouse at Harrah's seems to be a hit or miss with some people.  For me, it was in between, but leaning towards a hit.  It was my last night in Vegas and I was craving a really good Ribeye steak.  I could've gone to other upscale steakhouses on the Strip like CUT, Craftsteak, or Delmonico's, but I wasn't in the mood to spend a whole lot of money and The Range was the more affordable option.  I managed to make a 9pm reservation here from Tix4Tonight and scored a voucher for 50% off my main entree, which made it even more afforable!The place is pretty classy.  Nice panoramic view of Strip, dark mood lighting, and not very noisy.  However, right off the bat, my wine glass had a nice dirty ring around the rim.  Gross.  Definitely had that changed right away.I ordered the 20oz Bone In Ribeye and a side of Creamed Spinach.  Why I ordered the Creamed Spinach, I had no idea because that 20oz Ribeye was a huge!!  Take a look for yourself (http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=F_5_UNX-wrAFCXuAkBZRDw&select=D282Ui_HVGY2GpjI2dwD_g).  What was disappointing though was that the Ribeye wasn't seasoned very well and didn't have any flavor.  I also ordered it medium rare, but it seemed very unbalanced to me with some sections cooked medium and some parts were downright rare, especially towards the bone.  My waiter didn't really give me much attention even though I was right in front of him.  I don' t recall him ever checking on me until the end of my meal so I didn't really have a chance to ask him to take my Ribeye back and cook it again.Oh well, I was hoping for a better experience, but I guess you can't have everything when you're getting 50% off.  3.5 stars for being one of the more affordable steakhouses on the Strip.
4	The guys wanted a good steak dinner. We decided to go to The Range Steak House and we were not dissapointed. The guys each got a rare 24 oz porterhouse  cooked to perfection! It looked so mouthwatering, I had to have a bite. It just melted in your mouth the way a good steak should! I opted for the blackened salmon. The seasoning was a bit salty for me, but the salmon itself was cooked just right! The sides: asparagus and baby mushrooms, were great compliments to the main course. Yeah, it was a bit pricy, but it was worth it. One bad issue is that it did take Forever to get the bill! Would I go back?... probably.
4	I had the skirt steak. It was very tasty. Beth, my server was very friendly as well as the rest of the staff. I will return.
5	This restaurant quaintly tucked inside the Harrah's hotel & casino has the most interesting entrance.. Upon arrival you are greeted by a hostess that stands between two elevators.. After you check-in you take the elevator from the casino up to the restaurant floor.. Next to the hostess stand upstairs stands what appears to be a bronze statue, but in reality it is a man that has been spray painted! He doesn't move until you approach the host stand so you would never notice that the cowboy standing before you is an actor.. He definitely scared the living daylights outta me! My party of 5 was seated by the large viewing windows with a view of the Las Vegas Strip.. We ordered the seafood cocktail appetizer, 14/20 oz. prime rib, new york strip steak, rack of lamb, yukon gold mashed potatoes, creamed spinach, idaho baked potato, and grilled asparagus.. Everything was delicious and thankfully I split the 20 oz. with my friend ($8 split plate fee) because the 14 oz. that someone else ordered would have been way too much to eat! Overall everything tasted great and I was very pleased with the wait staff's service.. I'm not sure if any of the men that checked on us were the owners but someone important definitely made it a point to come check that everything was alright with us.. This is either something they do for everyone or only for the diamond card holders.. I'm not too sure.. Either way I would definitely return here because everything was high quality and I had a great experience.. Our bill totaled just over $300 for all our entrees and drinks..
4	What a great find this place is. When my gf's were in from Maui, they turned me onto this place. Quiet perch above the Las Vegas Strip with just the right touch of old school. John, the bartender referred to us as "hey doll" which is too cool with that NY accent of his. Love the jazz, love the food, love the view and love John and the rest of the crew. BTW don't tell anyone about this great joint.......It might get too crowded.
4	We got a 50% off deal for most entrees here at one of those 1/2 off Vegas vendors when we bought tix to Cirque Du Soleil, Beatles Love.What a great dining experience.Excellent quality beef, we had prime rib, surf and turf and new york strip....all quality cuts of beef, the Wedge salad was exceptionally fresh. The Oysters Rockefeller were average.The service here is exceptional, great location in Harrah's and the Mirage where the Beatles show plays is just across the street.
4	Note: I only give out 5 stars to surprisingly EXCEPTIONAL, best-in-class establishments. The Range is a good place to take a date, or for a nice evening out with friends.  I recommend the prime rib and five onion soup.  Your meal won't be too expensive, but the taste for the price is a good value.  The service is pretty good, and the view is agreeable, but not overwhelmingly awesome.  That being said, I still recommend you ask for a seat near the window if possible.
4	It was almost a 5 star dinner.The restaurant is gorgeous. Very open, very spacious, and very elegant. The view of the strip is exciting. The tables are carefully appointed. The live jazz singer was awesome.The drink/wine menu was very impressive. I had been here once before, and they beefed up their wine list significantly. I was prepared to pay triple for some tourist wines, but they had a great selection of wines around $50. Make sure to check out their "Zzz" wines, or Sleeper Wines.  All my favorites were on there, and the somelier seemed to appreciate my choosing them. The somelier is worth noting, because he was friendly and attentive. The service was pretty close to spot on, with one exception where our main server made a joke comparing Las Vegas and a church to my extremely Methodist Aunt. Uncomfortable laughter.The appetizers were beautiful! The onion soup is served in a baked onion, and was delicious. The beef carpaccio, though perhaps a bit scant, was fantastic... but I could eat plates of carpaccio, so maybe my idea of scant is not appropriate here. I also had the sashimi tuna, which was spot on. The main course was also great! All the steaks were cooked to perfection... well, one steak was just a tad over-done, but other than that, everyone sat in silence because it was so tasty. The sides of aspargus and gratin potatoes were competently done.Now, the bad news. The desserts...Ouch. I had been riding so high on the meal and the wine, that the dessert came as a near-crushing blow. First, no one was offered coffee or an after-dinner drink. Second, the desserts were obviously not made in house... the Tiramisu was dry and pretty flavorless, with what appeared to be Hershey's syrup twirled artfully around the plate in a vain attempt as misdirection. The Banana Chocolate tart was similar in its attempt to disguise its store-bought origin. Sadly, I had enjoyed a tart earlier in my Las Vegas trip from Starbucks that came in an identical crumbly pastry shell... not so impressive in this setting. My table also enjoyed some Range Volcanic nonsense, that was essentially a gritty vanilla ice cream, coated in Nestle's Crunch and Cherry syrup and lit on fire with Bacardi 151. I ate it, but it wasn't great.And then the bill came. Hefty, to say the least. The Range is pricey, and overall the experience was worth it, but at these prices ($35 per entree, on the low end), I expect to be overwhelmed.
5	The filet mignon was the best I've ever had. Arugula salad was a must as well. Great food along with great service.
5	Neither of us ordered steak. I had the center cut pork chop cooked medium. It was heaven on a plate..juicy and the glazed chutney on the plate was devine. My wife had the king crab legs which came with clarified butter. Also heavenly. The wait staff was attentive without being intrusive and the general atmosphere was vibrant but not manic. Will definitely return.
5	We purchased 50% off our entrees at the tickets for less booth for $3.00. What a bargain this turned out to be. The atmosphere, staff, and the food were all excellent.  Alaskan king crab appetizer gives you a very generous serving. Our entrees were the rack of lamb and a filet, both cooked to perfection. Side of au gratin potatoes, delicious. Desserts fabulous. A very nice wine list. If you can get the discount go for it, if you can't I would still recommend The Range for a wonderful dining experience!
5	I took my girlfriend here for a valentines day dinner.  When we arrived we were greeted by a jazz band which I didn't think would be there at 6p.  Nice!  "fist pump".  Anyhow, we were waiting to be seated and the cowboy statue greeted us!  LOL, it was one of those performers that stand still.  We requested a window which was not a problem.  The ambiance was very nice and we had a nice view of the strip.  Because we purchased the 50% coupon at tickets for less we were able to stretch our dollar a little more.  We ordered the crab leg appetizers, and 2 orders of surf and turf.  Also, because of the money we saved with the coupon we were able to get a glass of pinot noir and a blue moon for me.  Over all our experience was very relaxing!  The service was top noch and the food was extremely good.  I would definitely recommend this place.One thing...if you get the 50% off coupon from tickets for less be aware that it does have some exclusions and liquor is not included.
4	I've eaten here before and always enjoy the laid back atmosphere and window view one floor up from the street. You get to see the craziness while not being in the middle of it.Entered this time and started towards the hotess when the cowboy "statue" moved. Holy batman, I almost wet my pants. Didn't see that one coming. Listened to others scream throughout the evening when he got them. I actually thought this was just a little out of place in a fine dining establishment, but it was funny and it is Vegas. The jazz combo was a very nice touch, and we really enjoyed the music.Drinks were great - had a Lemontini. Made just right...shaken, not stirred. Just the right amount of tart, and took me to my happy place. The draw here for me is their onion soup. It's perfection in a bowl...creamy, cheezey and baked inside an onion. I crave this soup, and I've never been able to duplicate it. BTW - it's also served at the VooDoo Club at the Rio.Next we had a wedge salad. Not just a wedge of iceburg, it has nuts and dried fruit and the most wonderful blue cheese dressing. A meal in itself. The soup and salad was my meal because I couldn't eat another bite. But the men had to have their meat, and raved about the cut with your fork tenderloins. I like it when the men are happy! Makes them easier to get along with when they've had their beef.
1	i ate here on saturday night for a friends birthday, it was the worst steak i have ever had, we had a party of 17 and not one person liked there food, i would highly suggest eating anywhere else in vegas, DO NOT EAT HERE!!
5	We had an amazing experince. The server was the best server we had in Vegas. I do have to say that the service in Vegas all together is horriad and that this place made it up two-fold. Our waitress, Su Youn, was AMAZING. She had recomendations and shared with us all her favoriates. The atmosphere was great with a jazz band in teh background, and the ambiance was very nice. Its in Harrahs, which I would of never guessed to pick this place. We only picked it because it was in the same place ag "Defending a Caveman". (Which was also great). I woudl highly recommend this place.
4	Delicious! Steaks were cooked perfectly! We made reservations through tix4tonight and saved 50% on our entrees. Great view from the restaurant. Extensive wine list. Shaun was a great server and the live jazz is a nice touch.
4	I come to Las Vegas about five times per year to do two things, race my car and EAT. When it comes to eating, it's hard to beat the great choices in this town. That being said, I find myself wanting to return to the Range. I returned there on Friday April 1 and again the Range came through with wonderful service, great food, incredible ambiance including a smooth Jazz band.My wife wanted a petite filet mignon, but the only small filet came with Lobster. That didn't matter, the waiter was glad to give her the filet without the Lobster and lowered the price accordingly. These people know how to treat their customers and they do it with grace and style.We shared a great bottle of Pinot Noir from the new expanded wine list and we were glad to see several sleeper wines at fair prices.I'll keep trying the new restaurants, but when I need a tried and true favorite, I'm coming back to the Range!
4	It's pretty cool that you have to enter The Range Steakhouse through an obscure elevator in the middle of the Harrah's casino.  All you can see are a set of elevators and a huge lit sign that says, "The Range Steakhouse".  The first time I went here I wondered where they hid the rest of the restaurant.A half flight later, from the elevator, you enter a very darkened restaurant that has a semicircle of pane glass windows that are about 2 stories high.  It looks pretty cool and intimate at night.  The windows offer a great view of the LV strip and of the Forum Shops @ Caesar's.  People watching, bright lights, steaks, and wine--a recipe for a great experience if I ever had one!When I went a few days ago to The Range Steakhouse I ordered a Surf & Turf entree ($46), which is off my norm since Ribeye is what I usually get.  It's usually what steakhouses makes the best of, and it's definitely the the best thing The Range Steakhouse makes.  I enjoyed my little meal, but I had hoped to see my lobster meat inside it's shell.  Instead, it was done artfully with the lobster meat stacked on top of the Fillet Mignon.  No biggie.  I like food art, but in the end it's about the taste for me.  Beforehand, I had a bowl of lobster bisque ($9).  It was pretty good, and the presentation was perfect.  They serve it to you in what looks to be a gravy bowl.  BTW, the best lobster bisque I had still is at Pizmo Beach.This was like the fourth time I've been to The Range Steakhouse.  It's been a great experience every time.  The service here is always top notch.  If you're looking to dine intimately or to dine with a fairly large group, it's a good bet to try this steakhouse.  The wine selections are also plentiful, diverse, and good.
4	All I can say is OMG, yum!  Generally when we go to Las Vegas we don't eat in the fancy or should I say expensive places but we had some coupons from listening to a time share presentation - knew giving up an hour of time would be worth it and this place was on the list.  Of course silly us we didn't make reservations but only had to wait for 20 minutes for a table and enjoyed that time sitting in the bar having a drink.  Be aware that it's a place that everything is ala carte and it adds up  but but when the final result is as good as our meal, it's worth the expense.  Roland was our server and he was a hoot and a half which made it even more fun.  I started out with escargot and  that was the only flaw in the entire meal.  They were good, not great, ergo the 4 instead of 5 stars.  Both my hubby and I had salads which like all other Vegas things were huge so of course opted not to finish mine so I could eat the lamb I'd ordered.  Seriously, it was enough for at least two people.  My husband ordered a filet mignon that had to have been 2 1/2 inches thick.  We got a side of veggies to share and again we had enough for another person.  The only bad thing is we didn't have room left for dessert.We go to Vegas a couple of times a year and think we'll add this to the list of places we really need to go.  Who cares about the cost when it's this good.
5	Great 40oz 14 oz prime rib cut. You should hope to get Shaun as your waiter.  The guy is genuine and spectacular, had a great time with him as we ate our meal. I asked for the "small" 14oz Prime Rib med, it was cooked to perfection, however they were using a scale I have never heard of, as the steak covered the plate, at least 30oz. I could not finish it. at the end they brought my wife and I a surpirse anniversary desert. A very nice touch. Thank  you Shaun, good luch at UNLV
5	I must say that The Range is the only good thing about Harrah's. I'm deadly serious about that.My husband and I went here after we tied the knot in Vegas the night before and it was one of the best meals I have ever had! Our waiter was fantastic and was very attentive. Overall, we only spent about $180 (w/tip) and that included two drinks, a crab leg appetizer, two surf and turf entrees and split a baked potato. Everything we had was amazing. The surf and turf (fillet mignon and lobster) was perfectly prepared and was paired with an amazing butter cream sauce. For a newly wed couple, we couldn't have asked for a better night. I highly recommend this place to anyone looking for a nice steak and seafood restaurant in Vegas.
4	I couldn't believe such a nice restaurant is in an old place like this. Rated #5 in Las Vegas's top steakhouse. The price is cheap with discount voucher from Tix4Tonight.com (located next door at Casino Royale and throughout the Las Vegas Strip. We were scared of the reviews but the exclusion isn't that bad. Although the 50% discount is not applicable to alcohol and side dishes but we got a good deal with GREAT FOOD! The bill with one cocktail is $127 with the discount applied it's $77 plus tips. I would come back to this deal again. The lobster on the filet Minog was FRESH! unlike the one at Aria's The Buffet, which was mushy.
4	Pleasantly surprised by this place. Once you take the elevator to the 2nd floor you feel like you're in a different hotel as it has really nice ambiance.Onion Soup - this was the lone disappointment. The soup literally comes to you in a giant onion but it's all show, no substance as the onion wasn't hollowed out that well so there wasn't much soup. There wasn't much cheese either. I've had better onion soup at chain restaurants which is too bad.Prime Rib - I would say this was the best prime rib I have ever had. I ordered it medium-rare and it came out perfect with a delicious horseradish cream sauce on the side as well as some au jus. It melted in my mouth and I'll forever compare any future prime rib to this one.Sides - we ordered the creamed spinach and the red roasted potatoes, both of which were excellent.Chocolate Banana Cream Pie - quite good, nothing memorable about it but it was a nice way to end the meal.Service was also spot-on which I appreciated. Do yourself a favor and buy the half-off ticket at a Tix4Tonite location (there's one in Casino Royale). For $6 they will make the reservation for you and you get a coupon for 50% off your main dishes. There are some exclusions (lobster, bone-in filet) but most items quality for the discount and we netted a $23 discount using the coupon. Also, my wife and I dressed up for dinner but we saw some schleps wearing t-shirts and shorts so I guess they take everyone. Given the place wasn't even half-full I can't say I blame them.
4	This was the first place we went to in Vegas on our first night.  We have to admit we were pleasantly surprised for this being a hotel restaurant.  Although the food was pricey, the portions were huge.  I ordered the king crab legs which were already sliced for me and easy to pick out the meat. I also ordered a baked potato side, which was a big mistake in my part because there was already so much food.  My friend ordered steak with a side of creamed spinach which also was filling.  There was so much food we could have been put into a coma.  We also ordered a creme brulee trio which was awesome.  They had regular flavor, chocolate, and raspberry.  They also had a nice wine selection and full bar.  We easily ran up a $200 tab on food and drinks.  The food was good and it was a pleasant treat, although, a bit on the pricey side.  They had a nice view overlooking the strip.  Oh, and we ran into Elvis on the elevator!  This place is worth a try.  ;)
2	Apparently I should have read the reviews first, because I see a lot of reviewers commenting about having coupons.   Unfortunately I didn't, so full price was paid for and the food just isn't worth what they charge.  They make a fantastic first impression with the elevator entrance, but the rest of the evening was slightly disappointing.It took about 15 minutes for the bread to arrive, and sadly to say - that wait was a trend at this restaurant.  The salads were great here (wedge and arugula), as was the lobster bisque soup.  Then came the entrees, which were less impressive.  Presentation was excellent, but the taste of the food was just disappointing.  My friend's New York Strip was something you could make yourself from Costco's meats, and wasn't cooked to order - she had about two bites.I ordered the surf and turf.  The texture of my sirloin was strange, and I didn't really care for its color. It was more of a greyish brown and a total turn off for me, not to mention the lack of flavor.  I ate about 2 oz worth before setting it aside. The lobster was better, yet tough.  As for the sides, three were ordered:Creamed spinach:  OkayAu Gratin Potatoes:  BetterMushrooms: BestI was impressed that they hired a wine connoisseur (cleverly titled "Wine Guy" as shown on his badge), and the wine that my table ordered was above average, as it should be for over $30 for a half bottle.  I wish I could remember the name, but I wasn't the one who ordered it.  Merlot is all that I remember.I wanted to try dessert, but the service was so slow here that I couldn't order in time since I had to catch a show. Too bad.Honestly even with the 50% coupon that some others talked about, I probably wouldn't return to this place.
4	Great food and good service. Only problem is that It doesn't have great ambiance and was fairly empty.  We went to Tao the day before and for the same price we were had an amazing atmosphere. If you go here make sure to get the coupons beforehand.
2	We ate here before seeing Beatles Love which is across the street at the Mirage.  The proximity to the show is the only thing going for it.  Let me start by saying Harrah's looks like a hurting place.  The casino, bathrooms, shops were dirty...very dirty.  We had purchases a discount coupon from Tix4tonight and they sold the place as one of the best steakhouses in Vegas and also said it had a great view of the strip.  We were advised we should arrive 15 mins before our reservation.  Well arriving that early the restaurant was not even open and we had to wait in the smoky casino to be allowed up the elevator promptly at opening time.  We were seated in a very awkward spot next to an exit door and right on top of the jazz band.  This meant we could hardly hear each other and had staff walking in and out of the door during our entire meal.   I really didn't understand this placement given that the restaurant was empty.  It was so sunny that they had the blinds drawn during our entire meal - so much for the view.  Our food was very mediocre and my meat was very overcooked.  I ordered medium or medium-rare giving explicit directions that I wanted a cool pink center.  I had meat that was grey through and through.  The best part of the meal were our garlic fries.  The other negative part of the experience is that a woman came by and asked to take our picture in the early part of the meal.  She said she would be back.  Well service was slow and we started getting anxious to get to the show.  We asked for our bill and literally handed the waiter our card without even looking at the bill as time was getting so tight.  Then the photographer descend on us and starts trying to show us albums etc with pictures.  I asked if there was a website or something we could look at as we were in jeopardy of being late for the show.  She was quite upset with us and showed it.  I finally had to tell her "we just don't have time for this right now"....at that moment the taste in our mouth changed from mediocre to negative.  I would never  recommend this place to anyone.  Lesson learned - a half price bad meal is worth far less than a full priced good one.
3	We wandered in during our weekend staycation, not even sure we wanted more steak (we had been to a few steak places of late and wanted something different). We checked out the menu and decided that it was broad enough to give it a go.We started out with white wine by the glass (a sauv blanc and a chard) and ordered a bottle of red for dinner. I wish now I could remember the recommendation, but both my companion and the sommelier were excited about it, and I loved the choices they were making. #winowinEschewing the steaks, I ordered a Caesar salad and the Oysters Rockefeller and he ordered the chilean sea bass. The salad was good, crisp, and tangy. Nothing spectacular, but a solid Caesar salad. Fresh dressing from what I could taste, and plenty of ground pepper to taste. Always a plus.The oysters were really tasty. Cheesy, spinach-y, garlic-y goodness on the half-shell. The oysters themselves were perfectly cooked and the Rockefeller preparation was fresh: the top was expertly browned and the layer below was creamy and all but screamed "flavorful! Eat me!" A dish done very well.The sea bass was... well, to say it wasn't good was an understatement. The ammonia smell coming from it was overpowering. We all know the "freshening up" trick, and thankfully no one argued with us when we sent it back. To the server's credit (all the staff, really), they offered him another entree (no way were we asking for a repeat of that) and had a petite filet and au gratin potatoes back to the table in no time.The filet was executed well. It was cooked as requested, had an excellent flavor, and was tender and juicy. I didn't try the potatoes but they looked good and my companion liked them a lot.The service was excellent most of the time with a smattering of slow spots and one flag-down. The atmosphere is both casual and intimate, high-end without being stuffy, dark-ish without needing to squint to see everything. I would have liked to seen the patrons spread out more; I get that there are service loads to consider... but then seat the couples in more quiet areas and keep the families and larger groups closer together? I don't know how to make it fair, but it seemed like our quiet dinner was interrupted a little too often by the large groups to which we seemed a little too close.I really wanted to give it 3.5 - 4 stars. To be fair, they *did* handle the fish issue with grace. However, for what I expected and what they promise, it was just good. Not great, but good. A solid, A-OK experience. I would go back again, sure. I'd give it another shot, if just for the oysters and wine. PS - The living statue thingy at the front by the hostess desk? *small voice* It creeped me out. ;) #nolie
5	Once per year a group of friends and I hit this place up because the food is delish. This year, king crab legs, shrimp, oysters,  and a phat Rib Eye was screaming my name.Goodness gracious I love this place! I will return for more red meat! Cheers, Big O
5	I'll definitely come here again on my next trip to Vegas. The food was outstanding and the service & price were great. We tried several dishes and loved all of them. I definitely recommend the following:- Escargot- Lamb chops- Creme Brulee- Lava Cake
4	Well, I would call this a 5 star restaurant, but I can only give it 4 stars, read on to see why...I came here with my lovely girlfriend, 2 customers and their wives. We made a reservation early and got a great table over looking the strip, right next to the windows. We had drinks (average 10$/drink) and started with the Sea Tower appetizer, which had muscles, shrimps, lobster tail and crab legs (56$).  My customers had surf and turf (46$), fish of the day (42$), lobster bisque (8$), filet mignon (42$) and NY Strip (45$). I had jumbo fried shrimp (36$) and my girlfriend had the blacked salmon (36$). A few house salads also (8$ each)... Finally, for desert, I found out it was one of my customers 24th wedding anniversary, so I had them make a special desert and write on the plate, it was very lovely (complimentary). The reason I can only give 4 stars is service. I ordered a rum and coke before we ordered the appetizer, and didn't get it till the salads came out, about 20 minutes later. Also, it took our waiter about 10 minutes to figure out who the desert was for, even though my girlfriend not only told him, but the manager to be sure. Finally, after the meal was over,  I showed the waiter my credit card under the table and got his attention, in an effort to say "Hey, I am buying". He proceeded to take the bill over to the wrong couple, showing them the 515$ tab, NOT GOOD! The dinner was on me, from my customer, and yes maybe I am 25 and they were about 45 years old average, but you DO NOT put the bill in plain view showing the total if you don't know who it goes to. I was very insulted...Needless to say, the tab, with tip, came to almost 600$, and that was definitively the most expensive meal I had ever paid for...Either way, The food was all delicious (the lobster was a bit overcooked and the muscles were on the salty side), the service was generally good (minus a few mistakes), and all the flavors were delicious. I would bring customers back here, but I would make damn sure they knew who the bill was to come to.
4	Came here Labor Day weekend for my dad's birthday.  We had reservations at 6 PM & the place was quite empty at that time.  I started with a House Salad which was pretty standard for a salad.  I ordered the Wagyu Filet.  It was crusty on the outside (in a good way, though) and tender on the inside. It came with onion straws & au gratin potatoes, which were a nice compliment.  Most of the entree items on the menu did not come with sides.  The filet was a little salty for my taste, but I still finished every bite.  My family ordered the grilled asparagus & potatoes on the side.  We hardly dug into those because we were all about the entrees!  My mom had the prime rib which was huge!  Too bad our hotel rooms didn't have a fridge for leftovers!  Our waiter Chaz was excellent.  He was very attentive and friendly.  My dad is not into attention, so we didn't inform the staff that it was his birthday.  Chaz noticed we were handing my dad birthday cards, so he took it upon himself to bring out a special dessert for him.  Not wanting to be left out, the rest of us ordered the creme brulee trio to share.  Vanilla, caramel, and chocolate flavors...what's not to like?! I would have given the Range a 5 star review, had it not been for the photographer.  She interrupted our conversation & asked if we wanted a pic.  My dad has a high quality camera (better than hers!), so we politely declined.  My dad asked what type of camera she had and she yelled the model while walking away to the next table.  She blew him off, then put on her fake happy face, till she got shot down again by the next table not wanting a photo.  She was quite rude, but the service by other staff helped to make up for it.  This place is highly priced, but remember, you get what you pay for!
4	So my boyfriend and I are cheap. We love food (making it, eating it, watching it on T.V.) and we really enjoy going out. We're also in Vegas at least once a month. This is kind of a raw deal when you consider how many amazing (albeit expensive) restaurants there are in Vegas comboed with our reluctance to pay for them. We normally end up splitting something in a food court. The stars aligned during our last trip, however, and we had a "business dinner". Prices be damned!The location is totally unexpected. You could pass it a thousand times without noticing. It's on the 2nd floor of Harrah's casino and is accessed by its own elevator (located near the piano bar). I loved the interior design of the restaurant as much as I liked the food. It was rugged  and classy all at the same time. As if John Wayne and Audrey Hepburn had a baby and that baby grew up to be an interior designer and part time cowboy. Fabulous!The view from our table was amazing. It added such a neat element to the atmosphere.I ordered salmon with mashed potatoes, both were ridiculously good. There were some tiny imperfections to the evening (see Stephen T.'s review for details) but otherwise a super awesome evening.
3	I enjoyed my meal at The Range, but I was lucky enough to be on my boss's dime.  The service was friendly and attentive for our table of 16.  They did a great job of getting everyone's food out correctly, hot, and at the same time - no small feat for such a large party.  That said, I had the surf and turf, and I was disappointed.  It was very under-seasoned.  I expected something decadent and rich and got a complete absence of flavor.  I did get to try a bite of the lamb chops, and they were better...if you like mint, which I do.  The macaroni and cheese side was good.  Considering quality of food for the price, I wouldn't spend my own money here.
4	Melt in your mouth short ribs (served on top of mashed potatoes) and excellent steaks.  Wasn't sure what to expect since I consider Harrah's a so-so hotel.  The restaurant was a pleasant surprise.  Great location facing the Forum Shops and the strip.  The service was outstanding.  Will definitely return.
5	I bought the 50% off special at Tix 4 Tonight  (can get this at any of their locations on the strip and they make the dinner reservations for you) and would recommend doing this.As for the place itself, it's a nice atmosphere with a view of the strip and you enter via an elevator at the edge of the Harrah's casino floor. I started with the french onion soup, which is unique because it is baked in an actual onion. This soup was thicker than your normal onion soup and had a good flavor without being too brothy. I had the 10oz fillet minion which had a bit of an onion taste and was very tender. It was one of the best steaks I have had and would recommend this cut. The sides are ala carte and I ordered the mushrooms (comes with three types) and the roasted red potatoes with bacon and onion and would recommend both sides. They also serve you a variety of bread including thin cheese bread, a fruit type bread, and pretzel bread. If you want wine with your meal they have a fairly impressive wine list and can offer you some knowledgeable recommendations. Service is friendly and efficient, the woman trying to take (and sell you) your photo is annoying and seems tacky and out of place. Overall, I would definitely recommend this place to anyone who enjoys a good steak, especially with the 50% off special.
5	Very good food and excellent service!  Great view of the strip.  All steaks are very good, crab cocktail amazing!
4	A very fancy, delicious steakhouse in Harrah's.  You take the private elevator up to the restaurant, just above street-level on the strip.  The service was above average and the food quite tasty!  The steaks, though delicious, were a little short of amazing, and the prices were a bit high, too... but otherwise, it's very near 5-stars.
5	Portions were huge.  The wait staff is right there at all times ready for anything you request.  The view is nice.    It was a great place to take a client for dinner.  It is quite expensive so be prepared when the bill arrives.
3	I was not expecting much when a coworker chose this place.  It is an OK steak house, but in Las Vegas there are so many great options I would rather do.I started with the carpacio.  The flavor was pretty god, but the portion was tiny.  My fillet was OK, prepared well but lacking decent seasoning.  The augratin potato's were solid.This is a good steakhouse priced like a great steakhouse.
4	Love the Range...great old Vegas vibe. The service is very good and they have a lounge act there most evenings. Many tables have a least a partial view of the strip. I've never had a bad steak there. The only thing I would pass on is the tuna. Their crab cakes are the best. Four of us split 2 apps, a salad, 2 sides, 2 entrees, a bottle of wine and we each had a cocktail. Check was $245 + tip and we all left very full! They also have a full bar where you can watch the game, but they stopped serving food there...boo - too bad as I used to love going there solo.
5	LOVE this place. We came here for a birthday and it was,amazing. The food is great..of course pricey but what do you expect at a stake house. I went with a group of ten and our service was good, our server had a great sense of humor. I ordered the salmon dish and it was delicious. Jumbo shrimp are really jumbo and good..crab cakes were amazing as well. Prime rib delicious..I mean the food is worth what you pay. Birthday girl got a free dessert which.was yummy.I.will def come back here next time I'm in Vegas
4	The food and service here are fantastic. They have a decent menu through Tix4tonight (dinner2night) but their regular prices are not bad. I have been twice and have enjoyed the view (2 floors up right on the Strip), ambiance, food and service both times. We've had the steaks, seafood and desserts, and enjoyed them all.
4	Just visited the range with a few friends of ours that came in from out of town . Overall it was a good experience . Service was friendly And prompt . I started with the French onion soup which was delicious . Thicker consistency then your traditional onion soup . The presentation was awesome . It is served in an actual baked onion ! I had the skirt steak for my entree . Tender but slightly over seasoned for my liking ( too salty .)  My husband had the surf and turf which was good . Filet was cooked perfectly . They have a decent wine list . Portion size is quite filling . Didn't have room to even glance at dessert menu, which is usually what I look at first :( Overall good experience !
1	So my boyfriend and I went to las Vegas for vacation. We are a young military couple so vacations are very few and far between. We decided to have one meal that was really expensive and fancy. A friend recommended the range. I called to make reservations, and we were set. Upon arrival the hostess station seemed very unprofessional and unorganized. We were seated by the window and the view was great! The decor of the restaurant was actually very nice, we were both excited for dinner. We were unclear on who our server was for the entire experience. A man named "moon" (seriously) came over and told us the specials. His accent was so thick we understood about every third word. We ordered drinks and then waited around ten minutes to get them, then about 10 more before ANOTHER male server came over and said "he's taking forever so I guess I can just grab your order".....for a place that is trying to be "classy" their servers and overall staff are really missing the mark. In my boyfriend's words "it's like they are trying really hard to be a 5 star establishment but the service alone makes them a 2." Ok, so on to the food. The wedge salad was ok...no blue cheese crumbles and shredded cheddar instead. Like a white trash wedge. The French onion soup...WOW. SO AMAZING....until I got to my last bite..and bit into what I thought was glass. I almost choked and spit it into my napkin totally repulsing my table. Turns out it was a giant rock of kosher salt...about the size of my pinkie nail. The salt ruined the good taste in my mouth and ruined the only good experience, the soup. We ordered surf and turf. The beef tenderloin was tough..which was really weird considering it should melt in your mouth. The lobster was NOT fresh, definitely frozen. Our bill was $252. We NEVER do this, but we asked for a manager before the bill came. We showed her the rock of salt and told her our concerns. Her name was Nicole and she was very nice. We told we numerous times that we weren't trying to get anything for free, we just wanted to bring the choking hazard soup to her attention so they wouldn't get sued! She ended up giving us a HEFTY discount which was really nice of her, but we were both sick the entire night, and still paid around $150 for dinner.To top it all off, when moon came back with our credit card he asked what the problem was, why we needed a manager. In my opinion, his mgr should have told him what happened, but we filled him in. He immediately started making excuses, telling is we ordered the wrong thing and that they have a lot better things on the menu than what we ordered so it was out fault. My boyfriend told him that he is a cook in the coast guard and he knows what beef tenderloin should taste like and that wasn't it. MOON LAUGHED IN HIS FACE. I wouldn't have left this horrible review if that last part hadn't happened. SO UNPROFESSIONAL AND RUDE. We will never ever go back.
2	The food was just OK.  The decor and view from our window table were excellent, but the upscale, or romantic atmosphere we expected was mixed in with a TV over the bar near our table, airing sports, and a too loud piano player in the adjoining lounge (where the TV should have been, if there at all).  Our waitress was excellent, and knew the menu inside out.  The bus boy, on the other hand was overly intrusive, and rolled his eyes when we requested a fresh glass of water, as he had poured sparkling water (Pelligrino) into the plain water glass of one of our party.  Perhaps a language barrier.  Wish I had known about the 1/2 price specials listed in the other reviews. Had our bill been 50% less, there would be more stars as price to quality is important, when considering the entire experience.  At an average of $60 per person, including the tax and tip, and with only 1 beer and 1 glass of wine on our bill, I felt the food, itself should have been much better, and the atmosphere less like a sports bar with loud music.  A positive note is that, at the end of our meal, a man came to our table and introduced himself as the manager.  He asked if we had enjoyed our experience. We were polite, but not shy to tell him our thoughts.  He's only been the manager there for a short time, but not only listened to our coments, but asked questions, so he could make improvements for future guests.  I found him sincere.  He didn't give us any sort of discount, or other consideration, but that's not why we complained, anyway.
5	The steak was excellent!  I ordered the filet and have to say the best ever.  I was however a little disappointed in the opinion soup.  I ordered it due to it coming in an onion, wouldn't get it again.
5	My husband and I went to The Range House for dinner last night.  We purchased a 50% off discount coupon for $3.00 from Tix4tonight.  My husband ordered a T-bone from the regular menu and I ordered the Prime Rib from the Tix4tonight menu.  It was the best Prime Rib and T-bone we have every eaten.   We highly recommend this restaurant.  We will definitely be going back there.
5	Definitely stop by Tix4Tonight to get the 50% off (certain) entrees. Yes, there's a separate menu for this but it's still quite a good selection and includes their best stuff (so it's not a downgraded menu). I don't feel that we were treated any different at the restaurant for having that voucher. But I do think the reservation times are limited if you get it, T4T will make the reservations for you when you purchase the vouchers.If you are seated by the window, it's a nice view.Service is good. We had Moon our first visit and he was great. He was extremely nice and even offered to and packed our leftover bread for us (some waiters look down upon that and would rather throw it away- I don't like to waste food). Second visit, we had an older man who was also quite nice.The food is excellent. We have to get the escargot, it's delicious. We've also had the lobster bisque and that's good too. Going forward, I will always order the prime rib. First trip, I had the surf and turf which was fine and my BF ordered the prime rib. They gave him a huge, and I mean HUGE portion. He usually prefers steak over prime rib but after reading the yelp reviews, he went with the recommended prime rib and was not disappointed. He thought it was really good and even went as far to say it's comparable if not better than Lawry's. So on our next trip, I got the prime rib and he tried the chilean sea bass. Of course, the prime rib was delicious and he thought the chilean sea bass was too. We had leftovers and heated up the prime rib in the microwave at the Signature the next day, and it still tasted delicious even after being re-heated in the microwave.I think they have a pretty good wine selection (don't really remember exactly). I just remember that we got a bottle of wine that we enjoyed (Titus Zinfandel) so we were happy.So... Excellent value with the 50% off vouchers, good food, and good service, I'm definitely coming back.
5	Excellent selection of steaks, prime rib, rack of lamb and wine list complemented with outstanding service, piano music and view of The Strip. Attention to detail and friendly servers with table visits from the sommelier and manager. Great place for a birthday celebration with family members visiting Las Vegas followed by the Criss Angel Believe show.
5	Reservations, check. Hungry, yes. First time here, let's see what they can do. Yes, they did and then some. We were greeted warmly and shown to a table by the window - great view of the strip. Got our first round, promptly and our huge, King Crab appetizer brought quickly - so tasty and plentiful. Our server made the evening flow without any hitches and knew when to bring each course and always there to pour our wine and brought another round of drinks right before thre ice in our other drinks were about to go lonely. Entrees top notch and prepared perfectly. Dessert and after dinner drinks topped off an excellent dinner experience. Thanks to all, trying to make future return plans.
4	The Range is in Harrah's Casino and convenient to locate. This is the third time we have eaten there and it is been consistently  delicious. The portions are large enough for two people. It is expensive but the menu is posted in plain sight before you go up in the elevator so you are aware of the cost!  I have eaten the King Crab ( best I have eaten) filet with the bone in, and the ribeye. It was all delicious. The only negative is my husband's lobster tail was bland and garlicky. He did love the King Crab. Service was excellent and the waiter (Roland) was a hoot. Can't go wrong here for a special meal out ,
5	My husband and I ate at The Range our last night in Vegas about month ago.  He had been there once before with a friend and enjoyed it so much that he wanted to take me there.  Needless to say, I was not disappointed.He had the rack of lamb and I had the wagyu steak.  Both were excellent - in fact, my husband said it was one of the best racks he had ever had.  I appreciated that every single thing on my plate was purposeful and meant to be eaten with the steak - nothing was there just because it looked good (two sauces and lychee fruit).  We had the side of creamed spinach, which was good, although I will say that I wish there had been more spinach in it, or maybe just bigger pieces of spinach.  For dessert we had the turtle pops, which were delicious and different.The atmosphere in this place is cool.  The restaurant is above the casino in Harrah's.  It's a round space that overlooks the Strip with a nice view of Caesar's (we sat by the window).  It's dark and romantic and provides a nice respite from the craziness going on outside.Service was very good.  Our server was attentive and knowledgeable about the menu.  The manager also stopped by our table twice to make sure everything met our expectations.  He wasn't intrusive or pushy, but genuinely seemed like he wanted to make sure we were satisfied.  Nice touch, if you ask me.If you're looking for straight-forward good food and a quiet, low-key place without the pretension, then head to The Range!
5	Okay I went to this restaurant just once and I'm in love with it. I ordered the sashimi appetizer and oysters and everything was so frest. From the moment we came in to the place, everyone was so accomodating and friendly. It was just the two of us and they placed on a huge booth table facing the outside strip. It was a great view. The service and waiters were so helpful and kind we were so up in spirits. Even when the lady who takes pictures came around and showed us what she took, we had to buy the photos because we just looks soooo happy. I ordered th surf and turf which was cooked to perfection. The sauce was so yummy and the potatoes on the side was unbelievable. But I guess it better be for the extra  you have to pay. I ordered a pina coloda and it was so sweet and delish. My hubby ordered a rib eye which was so huge for him he couldn't finish. He also ordered the side broccoli and carrots which were so soft and yummy. He had a glass of wine which we wished we remembered the name because it was just right...something from Argentina.  Overall I do love everything about this place!
4	Wagyu skirt steak (one of their signature dishes) was great! Everyone else at dinner thought their various steak selections were excellent as well.
4	Very tasty filet. Service was good...others enjoyed their prime rib and short ribs. Only complaint was too much dressing on the Caesar. Would recommend if you're in Vegas.
5	Delicious filet! I loved the dim atmosphere and the view was very nice. Our food took a while,  but was worth the wait. It was non smoking in the restaurant which was nice considering everywhere else it's a norm. We dined with a large party of people and everyone enjoyed their meals. A little pricey,  but I'd definitely return!
5	THIS IS THE BEST DINNER EVER! I have always wanted to try this place out but never do. Finally tried it Saturday and WOW THE BEST RESTAURANT I HAVE EVER BEEN!  When u walk in there is a sense of cool class and relaxing feeling. there is a surprise at the door but i will let u all find it out on ur own. the hostess sat us right away, we were served by Tina and she was a gem of a waitress. she was soo funny friendly and awesome it was a pleasure being served by her. Now the food is on the high end side like 45 and above for a steak. but if u have a total rewards card u get a discount and points for eating there. now the food WOW. the rib eye i had the largest ribeye i have ever had. it was soo juicy and tender and melt in ur mouth amazing it was a party in my mouth with every bite. it was soo good i couldnt take a picture didnt want to let it get cold. the lobster tail was the LARGEST i have ever seen like the size of a softball and it was off the hook amazing as well. My Gf Lien got the T bone and it was cooked to perfection. the crab legs were nice and huge and cut open to show the amazing juicy crab. Our friend Janine got the salmon and it was melt in ur mouth amazing as well WOW. The meal was amazing and the coffee is to DIE FOR! french roasted coffee and it was the best coffee ever we could not get enough! The manager Donald Bishop was amazing he came by to check on us and was soo inviting and awesome. i told him it was the best steak ever and complemented him on his staff and him he was very pleased and welcomed us to come back. They are closing in november for renovation soo get there and try it u wont be disappointed i promise!
5	Sad News! The Range Steakhouse will be replaced by Ruth's Chris... The last day for the Range will be November 11th.I'll miss their famous French Onion soup, and their steaks. The ambience, the view, the wait staff and piano player or jazz trio were always so nice. Ohh, I can't forget the cowboy statue!Thanks for some wondeful evenings.
5	Great selection of steaks and fish, Very tasty. The service here is excellent. Must try when on The Strip.
5	My friend and I went to the Range for dinner on Nov 1 2012.I had been hoping to have the Fixed Price special. Even though that special had apparently ended a month previously, they put together the same items and only charged me the lower price. (Apparently they don't have any control; over the CET website and it is still not updated as of today) Anyhow they were very gracious about making sure that I wasn't disappointed. We started with a cocktail named the Lazy Gambler I believe and it was fabulous! The general manager; Donald Bishop, created that drink.  Then we had Caesar Salad, Wagyu Skirt Steak and Tiramisu and a Chocolate Mousse for desert.  All was yummy...I was only sorry that we had to rush to get to a show and couldn't linger over our meal. I expressed some concern to the Mr Bishop about the Range becoming Ruth Chris but he assured me that the staff and service would remain exemplary as it always is and that basically they were changing to Ruth Chris only for the name recognition. We will be back next trip to check out how things are going.Thanks for a lovely evening!
4	At the end of this review, I will share a tip on how to save 50% off your entrees.The night before I was booked for The Range, I had the most horrible experience for dinner at another steakhouse so I was hoping (maybe praying) for a better experience.Located on the third floor in Harrah's, you first approch an exclusive double elevator in the Casino where a hostess confirms your reservation and summons an elevator for you.When you step off into the foyer, you can see that Harrah's has spared no expense to make sure the cutomer knows they are in a fine dining restaurant.  Beautiful woods and tile throughout and floor to cieling windows surround this restaurant which is in a half-circle overlooking the Strip.Behind the glass elevators is a lounge with a piano player.  At the second hostess station, I was greeted by name and escorted to my table which was windowside.I sat down, and seconds later my waiter introduced homself (Chas, prnounced Chaz), gave me the menu and specials, and took my drink order.  A bread basket was immediately delivered with butter in a cup which had been piped through a pastry bag unlike the night before where I recieved butter in gold foil in the other fine dining place.I ordered French Onion soup ($8), a Caesar Salad ($8), and a NY Strip Bone-In ($42) for my entree.The soup was delivered hot and served in a huge cored-out onion.  I thought the soup was absoltely delicious and was actually a Cream of French Onion which was quite unique, but I thought the portion could have been bigger.The Caesar Salad dressing was absolutely one of the best I have ever had and anchovies were delivered on the salad as ordered.The steak was absolutely cooked perfect and was butter soft.Having had three perfect courses with such great service, I decided to try one of their desserts.  I am not a sweets person, but I had 3 choices from 12 on the menu.  I chose the Tiramisu, Cheescake, and Creme Brulee.  I asked the waiter of my 3 choices, which he recommended.  He suggested the Creme Brulee which was my first choice, but it was served as a trio--Raspberry, Chocolate, and Vanilla.  I asked if I could just get the vanilla and was told that many customers had that request, and the chef prepares larger portions of just vanilla, although that option was not on the menu, but available.From that point on, I have to say that the Creme Brulee was THE BEST I have ever tasted from Paris, New Orleans, Montreal or anywhere!The meal, restaurant, and service were so impeccable, that I did something I have never done in 25 years of travelling---I repeated the restaurant a second time the next night with a different menu!Now for the good news.  If you stop at any of the 11 Tix4Tonight locations in Las Vegas, you can buy a coupon for 50% off an Entree for The Range for $3.00.  So for 2, you spend $6.00 up front for a savings of about $45 for a couple.  Be sure to make reservations in advance--even on a weeknight, and be sure to ask for a window table.
