5	Went here for a staycation for our anniversary, and we were blown away. We picked this place on the recommendation of my boss, and because they were running a summer special on rooms. Because...Phoenix. In July. We mentioned when we were checking in that it was our 10th anniversary, and we were immediately given a room upgrade. Check in was easy, we were given key cards to our rooms, and the employees grabbed our luggage and drove us over to our room in one of the ubiquitous golf carts while someone else moved our car to the guest parking lot. The valet service held onto our keys and told us that when we needed to get back to our car (we had dinner reservations offsite) all we needed to do was call for a golf cart. We ended up walking to our car instead, then texting (did I mention they have a text for help type service?) and asking someone to bring our keys. They showed up within 5 minutes. Oh, and when we returned from dinner, the RESORT had left us complimentary champagne and chocolate as an anniversary gift.Our room was fantastic- big tub, separate shower, comfy king sized bed. Oh, and a walk out patio that was perfect for sitting and watching the quail walk around on the golf course. There were several pools onsite and I spent the day sitting and swimming at the main one. There were plenty of people but nothing too crazy, although the posted signs about no alcohol in the pool seemed to be pretty much ignored by everyone, including the waitstaff taking drink orders.The restaurants were pretty decent. We ate at the cafe for breakfast- bacon, eggs, and toast. The Mexican restaurant was lunch. Their nacho appetizer was awesome and I ended up having it as the meal. We ate at the fancy steakhouse for dinner. It was pricey, but the steak was good. Overall, this was an awesome place to get away for the weekend. One of my favorite features was that you get charged a resort fee, but it covers tips for all of the services other than in the restaurants (and possibly the spa, I'm not sure). Valet, the golf cart chauffeurs, room service, wi-fi, everything. The customer service was top notch all the way- I was out walking during the afternoon and everyone that I passed either smiled or asked me if I needed anything. We will definitely be back when we need a weekend away without the long drive.
5	The best thing about this resort is the staff! From the gate to the club to the valets to the concierge....Everyone is not only friendly, but incredibly well trained and helpful!
5	Such a great resort/hotel/golf course.  They run golf carts that take you everywhere you need to go.  All tips were already included in the price of the hotel (maybe this was pre-arranged by my company), so I didn't have to carry around cash.  This was very awesome.
