5	This is right down the road from Fort Mill High School.  At first I kind of blew it off as a gas station.  I was wrong.  The inside is huge with lots of different facets of the store.  There is a deli, ice cream place, tons of drinks, a place to hang out...If you are ever stuck in Fort Mill with nothing to do, try hanging out here and get a sandwich or something.  Its worth it.
4	Great steaks from the butcher, too.
4	This was fun. We drove down from Charlotte and it was an easy drive.  They did have peaches (late May) but they were small and not yet ripe.  The best parts were the local tomatoes and the ice cream.  They have about 30 flavors of Hershey's ice cream, and soft serve strawberry that is homemade.  It was all indoors but it looked like there was a more traditional open air peach stand across the road for the summer months.  We will definitely go back.
4	Such a cute, wonderful little place. Perfect during the summer time :)
5	well, I don't usually review gas stations but this is the most awesome gas station I've ever come across.  They are an exxon but they have a gourmet butcher shop, lots of country foods, some homemade and fresh.  A nice little cafe area to sit and eat, clean restrooms, and nice people.  I happened upon it while driving up to Boone off of 77.An excellent stopping point to rest and recharge!!!
5	Don't let the gas station attached fool you. The Peach Stand is a Fort Mill landmark for a reason. There is a small ice cream parlor and country restaurant. But the best parts are the mini grocery store including local produce & local products and of course the butcher shop. There are quite a number of things I pick up there regularly. Number 1 is RAW MILK!!!! Its is a foodie's delight. There is nothing like a cold glass of milk with just a bit of cream that rises to the top. They also import some of the best, reasonably priced, balsamic vinegar and olive oil around. The balsamic is aged and has a nice sweet flavor. It makes you understand why people commonly pair good balsamic with strawberries. The olive oil is fresh and has a nice flavor. Pick up some of the manicotti they have in the freezer along with a jar of David's secret tomato sauce and a chunk of bread. Viola, dinner. Ahhh the butcher shop... how I love thee....... They will cut meat to order if you wish them to ( I wanted an unusual cut and they were happy to help) plus they have a good selection. Their apple wood smoked bacon and fresh sausage are perfect for making Sunday brunch. I have had their kabobs, which were full of flavor and tender. Their house made sausages, fresh chicken and meat are great. I'm sure if they don't have it, they can get it for you, just ask them. They also carry Boar's Head deli products. One of the things that really makes this place stand out is their commitment to carrying a lot of local products. Being South Carolina, of course they have a lot of peach products including preserves, cider and when in season, fresh peaches of course. One of the most surprising peach products are peach wood chips for your smoker. I learned that some of the peach wood also goes to a local artist for his projects. Another favorite of mine is "May's Unique Vinaigrette" salad dressing. They also carry Hidden Acre Farm products (out of Rock Hill) including coarse ground grits which are a must for shrimp and grits, local popcorn as well as dip, bread & soup mixes from the same farm, packaged in cute mini brown paper packages with home style labels (a few in a basket make great hostess gifts). Try the soup with the cowboy on the front of it using a pound of the ground steak from the butcher shop... yumm!... and not salty at all if you are worried about sodium intake. Don't forget to grab some local honey too.
3	Salads and sandwiches are good
3	This little market has a wonderful selection of fresh fruit and locally made gourmet products.  The last time I stopped in, they had a good selection of baked items (including apple, peach, and blueberry fritters) that were sourced from bakeries in SC & GA. I like the wide variety of preserves, spices and dressings. The only downside with this little place is the price-point.  They are a little pricey when compared to farmer's markets and other locally owned  shops that sell these types of items.
3	This isn't a gas station - it's a store, restaurant, ice cream shop, bakery, and butcher shop that happens to sell gas.  You will think the place would be huge, but it's actually fairly small yet laid out very ergonomically.  This is technically "The New Peach Stand" with the orginal, true little Peach Stand that only sells produce seasonally right across the street.The new Peach Stand is where the Springs Family sells a lot of stuff from their farms, including peaches (some grown across the street) and strawberries grown up the road on the Anne Springs Close Greenway.  They use these peaches and berries in the ice cream they sell in their ice cream shop and those are delicious.  They also use them in their fresh cider-style donuts which are amazing when fresh.With all of this going one, why only 3 stars?  Well, first the prices on a lot of stuff is high.  When you sell your own stuff, there's no middle man, so it should be cheap, not to mention you're not paying for shipping.  The butcher shop doesn't offer a whole of seafood which stinks, and everything is pricey.  Some of the stuff served in the cafe like collards and beans come from a can (note that some of this is fresh though).  The cafe is reasonably priced though and they even have some vegetarian and organic options.  The cafe has a few dine-in tables (counter service), but is only open for breakfast and lunch, so I rarely go.The Peach Stand is definitely worth a visit if you're in this part of Fort Mill, but I wouldn't make a special trip to visit it.
5	This is a one of a kind, completely awesome space. If you are passing by you have no excuse for not stopping. You'll want to come again and again because they have so many unique products.Their fresh donuts are great, but make sure they were made that morning.Good banana bread and homemade chicken salad.Their frozen manicotti is my go to dinner when I don't feel like cooking.They have many hard to find products like raw milk, bison, and frozen duck, rabbit, and crawfish tails.Also carry Boar's head meats and have a wonderful butcher shop.Prices are a little high, but if you enjoy food as much as I do, it's money well spent.
5	Much more than Gas and Snacks!  Gas prices are better in South Carolina!  This place has a Butcher Shop and a Restaurant!
5	We buy all our meat from here at their custom butcher shop.  They have Ashley farms chicken that is free range and cheaper than the chain grocery stores.  They have the best country sausage and all of their other sausages are great.Beef is incredible and I think the prices are very reasonable for the quality.  This is only place I will buy Filet Mignon.  Whole tenderloin is usually 12.95/lb not bad!Their ground beef is fresh ground sirlon steak (INCREDIBLE). Not much seafood selection but that is not their focus.Even frozen manicotti is great and they have things like beer batter tilapia ready to cook which is great.  Pork ribs are very lean and tender.
5	Great local produce, Excellent meats and other gourmet goodies you can't find anywhere else.  The Peach Stand is my favorite place to go for 'gourmet' food in Fort Mill.  The only place where I'll buy my steaks.
5	The Peach Stand is absolutely charming! IT carries so many fun things to try.  The donuts are fantastic!  The meats are delicious.  Sure, you can go to farmer markets and get some of the stuff or just go to the chain grocer, but it is kind of adorable to go into this little shop and look around.  It's a great place for families, too.
3	I have lived in this area for over 20 years and like the Peach Stand very much and have patronized them for a long time.  They have a nice selection of just about everything.  They have stuck with the "do what you do well and stick to it", they haven't changed and do a great job offering nice produce, meats, pies, baked goods etc...Here's my issue with them.  The "girls" they have working there are snotty and rude.  The past few times I've been there I have seen and experienced an attitude that makes me not want to come back.  Went last night for ice cream, Friday night there were 3 or 4 families with kids waiting for someone to show up to take orders.  I waited for 5 minutes and when nobody was there I finally went up front and asked them if someone was working in the back.  I was met with a snotty response of "there is someone back there" and with an attitude.  Finally someone showed up and when they finished they disappeared again.  More people showed up and waited 5 minutes and the girls came back.  Just one example.....Sometimes I feel that people are jaded with the "stuff" in the market and tend to overlook bad service and deal with it.  There's plenty of other farmers markets and meat markets in the area for me to patronize.
5	I only went there for raw cheese but ended up getting some of their meats, many (if not all) of which are 100% grass fed.  I haven't cooked the meat yet, but the cheddar cheese is fantastic - definitely worth the 20 mile drive.  I saw other posts about the service and maybe it depends on the day.  All the people I interacted with were great, including the guys behind the meat counter.  And the minute the smallest of lines formed at check out, one of the young ladies behind the counter immediately opened up the other register.  High rating is in part to the fact that raw cheese is VERY hard to find.  But without it, this is a cute, local store with some great products.
4	Best banana nut bread this side of Grammy's kitchen!
3	I'd give the Peach Stand five stars, if only the staff were better.As another yelper noted, the girls can sometimes have a very poor attitude.  I have a major problem when a clerk doesn't offer the obvious (a bag for multiple items), or when they don't thank the customer for their business and/or wish them a nice day.  Now that the griping is done :):  The Peach Stand's ice cream is good, but not exceptional.  Their baked goods are exceptional: pies are fresh, tasty, homemade, not too sweet, but not too bland; fair priced.  Much of what they sell is locally sourced, yet reasonably priced.This is the best place to pick up dessert for a dinner date.  They're open until 9, and they're conveniently located.I'd frequent The Peach Stand more often, if not for the poor attitudes of (some) of the employees.
1	Three stars for the shop, which is pretty nice but the selection is way too limited to make a special trip for it. We bought home made sausages (recommended!), country ham, tomatoes, bread etc. NO STARS for the so called "restaurant". There's nothing "Southern Style" nor anything restaurant about vinyl floors, plastic silverware and the help  shouting for us to pick up our order in an completely empty restaurant. The only soup was chicken, we passed. I wanted to order the ribeye steak sandwich but found out that all the meat is cooked on the greasy stainless flat griddle, no thanks! I ordered the Italian sub, mostly rubbery boiled ham with one slice of salami and one slice of capaccola. I threw half of it in the garbage, even Subway does it better! I got an order of handcut fries, could have been ok but they were grossly undercooked. My partner had the grilled Portobello wrap, she thought was "not too bad" (or too good) but didn't finish it either. I found it very bitter, maybe because of the Asiago.   Over at the next table the people got two salads, they were topped with day-glo orange processed cheese. All in all not a pleasant experience, even the coffee was terrible and the cups were plasticized styrofam, why? What this dump reminded me was how crap food was back in the 70s. I was glad to high tail it back to civilization.
4	This is the "go to" place for summer time peaches. They also have a selection and local and folksy foods.
5	This is one of those places where you don't expect 1/2 of what you see when you walk through the doors.  EASILY the best butcher in Fort Mill.  When we're grilling out we always head to the Peach Stand for meats.  The Hubs loves their sausage selection.  But in addition to the butcher, they also have rows and rows of sauces (some homemade) and seasonings that you just can't find in the grocery store.  Farm fresh veggies and and ice cream counter!  Every time I go in there I'm surprised by something new and awesome that I find.  Great local place, great butcher, great ice cream and awesome homemade items!
4	Go in season! Strawberries, peaches, blackberries, corn May thru August and a great butcher year round. The negative reviews in January are negative because farmers don;t farm in January. Best to come in season for the goods! :)  May and June is strawberry season and being from FL I know good strawberries. I spent way too much money at Plant city. Peach Stand Strawberries are better. Peachess come next. I always say wait for the first batch to go through so two weeks after they start getting corn, strawberreis, or peaches in , and then watch out. You will never want to leave SC for fear of missing the yummy goodness. They also have an amazing butcher that has local beef. None of that fake blood malarchy here, just really good, real beef, and local pork products at reasonable non she she prices.
5	The best peaches EVAR!!! During peach season we drive down regularly from Charlotte to load up on the luscious beauties. Plus they have farm fresh eggs, raw milk, bakery, a butcher counter, ice cream and S.C. gas prices! We also make several visits during strawberry season. Definitely worth the trip, you'll come again and again.
3	Is it an Exxon?  Is it a cute little market?  YES to both!  Located on 160, just off of 77, this place was hopping at lunch time on a Friday.  I had heard about the peaches that had to be purchased and also the variety of jams, marinades, sauces and syrups within.  I am always on the search for sugar free stuff for my dad, so I took a trip to Ft Mill to see what they had going on.Lots and lots of bottled items of the above.  Bushels and pecks (and 1/4 and 1/2 pecks) of peaches line the front aisle.  A restaurant in the back had a solid line of folks just after noon on a Friday waiting to get some lunch.  I was impressed at their variety of items and found my dad's favorite no sugar added blackberry syrup there, so now I don't have to drive to Myrtle Beach to get it.  I got some peaches and split the haul with my mom - the young lady that waited on me said they were fresh and it would take a couple of days for them to be soft and juicy.  I would definitely make the trip back for the syrup that my dad loves, but for the other items, I wouldn't make a special trip from 30 minutes away.
3	As others have noted the Peach Stand is very very expensive.  I skip over everything and head straight to the back to the butcher.  The guys there are very knowledgeable and extremely helpful and friendly.  I only go to get the grass fed hamburger meat and just tried the grass fed steaks. My friend took one bite of the steaks and said, "this is no good, every steak from now on will taste horrible." I'll never buy steaks anywhere but here from now on! Sad that after the great customer service you get at the butcher you go up front and the cashiers are so lacking in customer service - they have been like that for years. 5 to the butchers and 2 for the cashiers.
5	Phenominal meat. Just wish there was a bit more variety and quality distinction between them and other stores.
4	Gas station.  Cafe/restaurant.  Bakery.  Butcher shop.  Ice cream shop.  All of this in one place?!?  Yeah, I was skeptical too.  But lo and behold, The Peach Stand has all of this!  I have not tried the cafe/restaurant, so I can't offer anything up on that.  But this is what I have observed thus far.When produce is in season, they have a nice selection of produce!  They also carry a lot of local / regional products, including syrups, seasonings, and BBQ sauces.  Oh, and raw milk.  It's awesome!  Try it.  The butcher shop has a decent selection of meats, including homemade sausages.  There's not a lot of emphasis on seafood though.  Oh, and if you're into sausage-making, they do sell sausage casings.  Just have to ask!So what's the drawback?  The numerous times that I have been in the store, there has NEVER been someone back in the ice cream shop section.  Never!  I've finally given up on it.
5	Love it!! The peach salsa and the peach preserves are must haves. The meats are local and employees know about the farms and enjoy sharing information.I have purchased their bacon, steak, sausage, chicken and ground beef and have been very satisfied.They are great for eating in for lunch as well. Quick and fresh.
4	There is a lot happening in this gas station. I went for blackberries and blueberries--ended up buying scallops from the Butcher shop---they have nice cuts of meat. I will have to remember this the next time I am grilling. Passed by the bakery but was dying to go in---just knew I find ten more things I didn't need. Pies on display looked yummy though. It's a cute little store with an array of things to buy.
5	I love, love, love this place.  They have the best rib eye steaks, I will never buy steaks anywhere else!  And the best sweet potatoes,  the customer service is also outstanding!
5	A very cute, well-stocked roadside produce shop. They have a butcher, restaurant, bakery, ice cream shop, snacks, fresh produce, and lots of preserves and pickled items. Also a good selection of beer and wine. They also sell prepared, frozen foods such as pasta. This mini-grocery store has very clean facilities and is a great place to stop if you are traveling on I-77.
4	Redneck WaWa. If you ever find yourself in Ft. Mill, and for me it would be quite a rarity if it weren't for the new office location, you really should check this place out. For a convenience store, they have a great selection of items from original jarred goods, to produce, to deli, to good ol' country cooking. The food is much above parr for what you might expect from a convenience store. Having a place to sit and eat that food is a plus. Wouldn't get your gas here as you can get $.15 cheaper up the road on the other side of the interstate. But like I said, it really is a damn redneck WaWa operating at maybe 60% the capacity- and for down south that really ain't that bad. As they say, 60% of time, it works- everytime.
3	The peach stand is adorable. It's got that country store vibe all the way. There are many things to pick up there, everything from bulk grits to walnuts to cheese, chocolate, honey, muscadine syrup or peaches. They have fresh sandwiches and hot dishes in the deli and a little diner inside that I have never tried. They offer a wide selection of jellies, jams, pickles and hot sauce. I've headed here a few times for some organic produce but was disappointed not to find anything local or organic. I would have been better off going to Harris teeter or some regular market, which is too bad because I wanted to give them my business. Maybe it was just the season. I have tried a few of their pies and was really pleased. Their key lime pie is the best I've ever had. They sell whole pies or slices. Good luck finding a slice of key lime though. I've tried many times but end up with a whole one, oops! It's a great place to go if you want to pick up a gift for someone or put together a basket of special items that are locally made. Whenever I'm in the area I pick up several things travel home with. The prices are a little on the high side especially for things that are more the convenience store offerings. Stick with their own packed products and local fare. Oh, and you can get gas here.
5	We stop here often for breakfast and lunch and of course we always need to buy some of there farm fresh meat, vegetables and fruit.  It's just a great little place and we love to give the locals our business
4	Really liked this place. Their process were very reasonable. Will be back if I am in the area.
4	i. love. this. place. the peach stand has everything. gas. food. ice cream. butcher shop. fresh baked goods. a cafe. if there is a zombie apocalypse, you better believe this is where i will head first. we actually ordered our thanksgiving turkey from here this year, and i gotta say it was fantastic. a bit pricier than the store at $2.99 a lb, but it was free-range and local. and i love the small-town butcher shop. they have fresh produce here, which quite a bit of it comes from the local farms in north and south carolina. the ice cream shop is okay. it's just hershey brand ice cream. still good. but not necessarily the place to go if you want special ice cream. haven't tried the cafe yet, but i'd like to. looks like pretty basic southern fare, but it sure smells good when i go in.
4	Great butcher and fresh produce.  The refillable balsamic vinigar flip top bottles are fun and delicious.  Fan of the restaurant as well.  Our regular Saturday lunch spot.
