4	This is a really swanky-looking nail shop. Beautiful, modern decor. Awesome service. I got a really lovely pedicure ($23) and eyebrow wax ($10) - the wax is one of the best I've gotten in years and the pedicure was fantastic. There were a couple of things that I found disturbing - my pedicurist was on her cell phone while trimming my toenails - a bit odd, don't you think? And in the wax room there's a totally odd water spigot that doesn't belong - the ceiling tiles around it are all stained - I wish they'd block it off or something. In the same wax room the fire sprinkler in the ceiling is covered in masking tape - weird. Still, I'm happy to drop my old salon that does mediocre work in favor of this place - why it took me so long is the real question.
5	Best Place! Its very trendy and CLEAN! I've been to quite a few places and this is by far the best. The employees are extremely nice and you are guaranteed great service every time. Ben the owner is great and makes sure you are taken care of right when you walk in. I would recommend this place to everyone! Prices are great too!
5	I recommend this place to everyone! Ive been to ALOT of nail salons all around town and this is by far my favorite. The very first thing I noticed was the beautiful decor and set up. Most nail salons attempt to make a "spa" or "ocean" type atmosphere and then throw in a few pictures of some ladies nails from 1985, comes out very tacky! This place is not like that at all. It gives a very modern trendy clean feminine look, with decor that I want in my own home! 2nd thing I loved about this place that ive never seen anywhere else, is all of the utensils they use on you are straight out of a single use sanitized package. Every other place ive been to will just pull a nail clipper or any other dirty tool out of some dirty cup thats been sitting at the station used on every body else. The manager is always out and about talking to all the customers. He is very friendly and keeping up on new ways to improve the salon. All the employees there are all very friendly and take care of you as soon as you walk in the door. I see so many of the same customer faces when i am in there, so I know other people love it too! The prices are great! I love their express pedicure! its all the important stuff of a pedicure crunched into less than 15 minutes and super cheap! Great for people like me who never have time to sit and let my feet soak but still want my toes to look great!  This place sets the bar so much higher for nail salons! Once you go here you wont want to go anywhere else!
5	Clean place, friendly people, great prices (the top level pedi package is $45).  I described the design I wanted for the manicure, and the artist immediately knew what I was talking about and pulled up an image on her phone to show it to me (burberry).  She did a great job creating the look I wanted.I finally found my mani/pedi home.Bring cash for the tips.
5	I have been going to saloons run by this person for over 10 years and have always been impressed by the cleanliness and professionalism of everyone.
2	I was very unhappy here. I walked in and was told it was 35 dollars for a mani/pedi... good deal, I THOUGHT!! It ended up costing 55, and the heel of my foot actually hurts a good deal days later( I am guessing the woman took off some skin with the callous remover treatment. The pedicure itself was actually a little bit painful, not a relaxing day at the salon. I will defintely NOT be back for a visit at this salon...
5	My first time in there and it was amazing!  The decor is classy and they make you feel completely welcomed! They know almost everybody's name who walks in the door. Ben did my nails and he was amazing! Even when the salon is very busy and on a long wait, the staff doesn't rush and they make sure you get great quality! Good music and a great atmosphere! The prices aren't to bad either, you are definitely getting the quality you are paying for. I highly recommend it.
5	I have been going here for over a year and would not want to go anywhere else.  Every technician is skilled, friendly and a pleasure to spend time with.  The salon has had recent upgrades which are beautiful and lend the entire place to be more social and fun.  I love it here!
5	This is the best nail salon. I have been to quite a few and right now this is my favorite. I only go because of the amazing Christine! I absolutely love, love, love when she does my gel manicures!!!! :-)
5	First things first, this is possibly one of the cleaner salons me and my mother have been to. While I think some things could've used some work, the decor was nice and I like that it's got some form of a bar-type area for each manicure station. the pedicure stations were nice, and thankfully the chairs were nice as well. The manager was awesome and all the girls were nice and very attentive.My only complaint is that I got my manicure done (a simple french tip manicure) on Monday. It is now Wednesday, two days later, and after doing some dishes and having my hands soaked in warm water, the nail polish started peeling off in sheets. I'm not sure if it was my fault (maybe they didn't dry long enough) or the manicurists fault (maybe she missed a step or did something wrong, or heck, maybe it was the polish!) but even the simple french tips I do at home last longer.Me and my mother will most definitely be back, though!Side note: THEY DO NOT ALLOW TIPS TO BE PUT ON CARDS, so make sure you have some cash with you so you can properly tip your manicurist/pedicurist!!!
5	Fabulous local spot!  Reasonable prices and very detail oriented, kind staff.  Also, one of the largest color selections I've ever seen.
5	I am writing this from a husbands point of view.  I sat there while my wife got her Manicure done- took about 1/2 hour; what I saw is really a lost art nowadays.  Customer Service at its best.  The owner is "on-site" and working, he pays attention to each customer, listens to them and their needs, and genuinely  cares about his patrons.  Its this type of attitude that makes a business succeed.  Everyone of his employees was courteous and professional.  They are also good at what they do.I saw they owner pick up a lady's purse and hang it on a hook for her next to where she was getting manicure done.......he could have walked right by-but they care.  This place is spotless too.Its a husband and wife team here. Both very nice and accommodating.Guys- your wife will Thank You if you get her a gift certificate here-I promise.
5	I love this salon.  Very inviting and clean.  Relaxing and enjoyable experience.  Great pedicures and fabulous looking nails.  You won't be disappointed.  I have referred several people to this salon and they have rave reviews.
5	I have been a loyal customer since they opened, approximately 12 years ago and followed them to their new store.  They have low turnover and the staff is very friendly!  They all know me by name, even the technicians that don't do my nails.  I come every 2-3 weeks religiously for a pedicure and gel manicure.  I don't like to commit to an appointment, because I need flexibility.  They've always accommodated me and I have never waited more than 30 minutes.  95% of the time, they get me in within 10-15 minutes.  Over the years, they've increased their pricing marginally.  The owner is very engaged with his clients and continues to upgrade to include decor, furnishings, and services.  I would rate them as follows:  cleanliness=5; friendliness=5; price/value=5; and highly recommend=5.  Say hello to Ben and his lovely wife Holly on your first visit.
5	I love this nail salon!  I was a devotee of one of the owners when she worked in Scottsdale, and was glad to follow her when she and her husband opened this salon.  Holly ALWAYS does great work: from acrylics, gels, pedis and waxing.  My favorites are her acrylics and gels, however.  I've been to MANY a salon so disappointed with the thick claws that I leave with.  So NOT elegant and what I was hoping for.  Holly knows how to get my nails JUST RIGHT, and she is a perfectionist, which I love!  The salon has been recently renovated, and they did a good job!  I like the nail bar.  It's very comfortable and really makes sense.  I will be a loyal client for as long as I live in this area! (oh, I travel 30 minutes one way to see Holly.  She is SO worth the time and effort!!!).Oh, although credit cards are allowed to pay for services, gratuities (should you feel inspired) are not allowed on cards. I sometimes forget if I'm doing too much at once. There is a convenience store at the gas station nearby which has an ATM.
5	I came here with my family (mom, dad, brother and sister) who all live in AZ. I live in CO and was SO impressed by the atmosphere of the salon, the techs, the owners attention to detail to make sure ALL guests are taken care of, relaxed and receiving the best service. Along with all of this wonderful stuff my nails and toes never looked so good and it lasted so much longer than any other place. I only wish I had a place this awesome in Colorado where I live. In the future when I know I will be visiting I will be waiting to get my nails and toes done when I'm there than getting them done before each trip. You won't be disappointed!!
5	I went to The Polish Room for the first time today.  Lee did my fill.  She did a fabulous job and she also was very pleasant.Customer service here is top notch!  I met the owners, Ben and Holly and they both are very customer service oriented.  They greeted almost everyone who came in to the shop by name.I talked to 2 different ladies while I was there and both of them said they have been coming here for several years and always are very happy with their nails and also said the pedicures are great too!Next time I'll go for a pedicure as well as a fill.I feel like I just found my new nail salon!
5	Found this place on yelp and was not disappointed. Truly enjoyed my pedicure and looking forward to coming back for my next one. Thank you to Christine who is super friendly and gives a great foot massage!
5	I've been going to Christine for years! Not only is she charming, and very personable, she's amazing at what she does! No one has ever made my nails look so clean and polished after a simple manicure! She gives great massages and does amazing nail decor! Simply love her!
5	Awesome place!  Love the decor and they also do great nails!  Super clean and so gentle.  Will definitely be back
3	Since they first opened they've been busier than ever. What I don't like is having an appointment scheduled and making me wait 15-20 min to be seen. This has happened the last few times and it's unacceptable. I would rather be told that you're busy and schedule a later appointment even if it means another day. But if a business is booking my appointment and I'm on time and you make the client wait... You are over booking. Don't overbook to bring more business in $$$, it only makes you look disorganized.  Half the time they don't have a full time receptionist and the person doing nails is also answering phones. It doesn't seem blissful to me.  Btw tips are CASH only.
5	Super CLEAN Super friendly and the gentleman actually said to myself and my two daughters "if you don't like it tell us immediately so you can have it done exactly how you like it" ... Seriously! The atmosphere is remarkable, the girls are just so pleasant and want to make you happy. They even encourage you to show them pinterest pins to create the nails you WANT! Overall I will tell you this place is worth EVERY penny and your time =-) We will be going back for more services soon!
2	The salon is super clean, they are very friendly, but I was not impressed with my acrylics.   Mediocre at best.  Lumpy from the top instead of a smooth rounded surface matching to the overall nail bed.  The nails were thin enough, but I wanted nails to replicate my own, basically an overlay of acrylic-this isn't the place for that.
5	This establishment is very clean, l love the bar top they had for getting my nails done, very comfortable seating! Tracy did an amazing job on my nails it was worth the money! My search for the perfect nail salon is over!
5	I have been coming to this nail salon for the past 2 years. I love everything about it! It's very clean, chic and all the employees are very friendly.  I always try and make an appointment with Christine.  She does AMAZING work! I just show her the picture of the gel nails I found on instagram or Pintrest and she can replicate the design exactly! Usually better! If you like bling and fancy designs, then request Christine. You won't regret it =)
4	The cute decor and great customer service set the Polish Room apart from other local nail salons. The staff is friendly and willing to listen to your requests. Even Ben, the owner, is at the store most of the time being friendly with guests and offering bottles of water, etc. The prices are on par for the area, but the service really elevates this place. I never feel rushed and they have even stayed late without complaint when I unknowingly came in a little too close to closing time. The owner once said in passing that he'd rather have to turn people away if they are too busy than to sacrifice the service they provide to each guest. I respect that and will continue to go exclusively here!
5	This is by far the best place to get your nails done. I discovered this place in the summer of 2013, and I will never go anywhere else. The staff is super friendly and always so great. Christine is definitely the best gel nail artist, ever. She is always so great to talk to and the designs she can do on nails, are unreal. I've had everything from the Cinderella Disney castle to Rudolph. You name it, she can do it. I definitely recommend the polish room, as you will not be disappointed.
4	I went in on a wednesday at 3:00pm and I was taken in right away. The reason for the 4 stars is for two things:1. They didn't have a very good selection of nail polishes to choose from.2. They did not use a liner in the tub and the tools were not from a freshly sanitized pack (which is always so comforting to see.) Aside from those two things it was a great spa pedicure with a great massage with extra care taken to both of my legs separately. The girl that helped me was also very nice and actually made conversation with me. I will definitely be going back soon :)
5	I will NEVER go anywhere else! I've been coming to the Polish Room for over 5 years and can't imagine going anywhere else.  The service is always amazing and I think what I love best is that the turnover isn't that high so once I found a nail artist that I loved I knew that she'd be there the next time I booked an appointment.  BTW if you want the perfect french manicure Tanya is your gal! My nails always come out so perfect and I always get compliments no matter what style I decide to go with.  Ben the owner is always friendly and takes the time to make sure everything is going good.  Like I said the service is unmatched! Trust me if you give this place a try you will never go anywhere else.
5	This is the ONLY place to get your nails done. Professional, friendly, affordable and they remember everything about me every time I come in. Amazing team and it's owned and ran buy a great guy.
4	This salon takes appointments as well as walk ins. They have always been very nice and friendly. Tanya is my favorite for pedicures.
5	A coworker introduced me to this place and now it's the only place I go.  They do a great job and my gel manicures LAST.  The staff is friendly and the atmosphere is great. Price is the same as any other place, but the experience is far better.  I love the Polish Room!
5	This place is the best nail bar I have been too, they are a little bit more expensive but worth it. They are really busy so definitely make an appointment although they do take walk ins. The day we went was prom so they easily had 30 people plus in there. The place had a really nice atmosphere and there are so many colours, the lady told me they have 500+ gel colours ands even more that aren't. Will definitely return!
5	I tried the Polish Room for the first time today. It was very busy but the staff were courteous. I was impressed by the cleanliness and liked my nail tech, Michelle. I will definitely go back!
4	Awesome place.  I made an appointment for an acrylic fill with gel polish. I am new to the area so I wasn't sure what to expect. When I arrived I was greeted by Ben (the owner). The place nicely decorated, bright and packed! and there was a small wait for my turn - not a huge deal though. Every one was super nice and courteous. The tech Tracy was great! She had no trouble with the complicated nail art I found in pintrest and even helped me pick just the color.  She did exactly what I wanted and all around a super great experience!! I will be back for sure I want to do a pedi next time too!
5	I love this place! Clean location and friendly staff. The prices are average, so no complaints there either. I'm glad I finally tried a gel manicure. I work in the restaurant industry and have a new baby at home, so I'm constantly washing my hands, cleaning, dishes at home, etc. The gel mani held up for almost 3 weeks!
5	Five solid stars for this place! Two ladies & one of my girlfriends recommended this place and it did not disappoint. Everything from the cool nail bar-like setting ( someone give these people a liquor license!) to their music playlist was awesome. No cranky manicurist, no one walking by you unnoticed, and get this... Being a bilingual person myself, I've never cared about nail salon staff speaking in their native tongues mostly BUT after being at Polish Room for about 10min I started to realize the staff were speaking English to EACH OTHER! I gotta say, it felt kinda nice to be able to understand and get in on the fun convos that I'm sure happen when I'm clueless to what their saying. And that ties in on what I noticed most at Polish Room, they all seem very aware of their clientele's needs and preferences. There are some Rockstar manicurist here but I just went with whoever was open and both ladies did a great job which tells me you're probably fine going to whoever. I couldn't have had a better experience.. Excellent & I will be back!! (((Cash tips only!)))
5	If I could give 10 stars I would! Best nail salon Ive ever been to! Christine is amazing and wonderful at nail design. Ben is always accommodating and runs a great business. The wait can be long sometimes but it is well worth it!
4	I always go to this place when I need gel manicures and pedicures for an upcoming vacation.  This time, the girl doing my nails put on such a thick coat, that after two weeks, I still don't have any cracks or signs of wear on nails.  Amazing!   A lot of the people that work there are very good at nail art and will pretty much paint anything you want on your nails.  This place is always packed and it is evident that it has a ton of regulars.  It's a tad pricey to go to very often, so I will stop by for special occasions only.
2	When my regular salon seemed to be getting rushed and sloppy, I decided to check YELP for other salon reviews in the area. My first visit here was a "yay-boo" and I may be willing to try the salon again. I had an appointment, and my greeting was very friendly and on time. Ben was my nail stylist. What I didn't like was the fact that they only seem to do gel/shellac polish manicures. That jacks the price of a fill/manicure up to about $40, and I really don't need gel polish on gel nails, as I am going to need a fill in two weeks and regular polish is fine! Ultimately the manicure looked thick and bulky. The thicker the area of the fill is, the more obvious the "grow out" and the faster you need a fill. Overall, I don't feel I got what I paid for.
1	I heard great things about this place, however when I arrived today, I was the sign that they only accept tips in cash, I never carry cash only plastic so I had to leave without my nails getting done :(
5	This place gets a big five stars!! I recently moved from Los Angeles, California and tried a few places out here. I am extremely particular about every detail when it comes to my nails so I would say I'm not the easiest customer to please but the Polish Room met and exceeded my every need. From shape to length to design I had an amazing experience. All the workers were extremely helpful and friendly and I was pleasantly surprised at how engaged the owner was as well, overseeing his employees and making sure every customer leaves happy. This is definitely my new spot and I recommend it to everyone looking for a nail shop as well as to those who think they have the best nail shop there is...I promise the Polish Room WILL NOT disappoint.
4	All hail The Polish Room! I'm in love and so are my feet. I spent a whole semester running around like a chicken with my head cut off. Now that its summer I realized my feet looked like I grew up in the shire. Not wanting to go where my mom and I usually go. I yelped. I found the polish room and made an appointment for the next day. The lady who did my toes was so sweet. I threw an odd design at her and she listened and did a lovely job.I couldn't give it five stars though because when I called, they didn't sound excited to get a customer. Whoever answered just said hello and I had to ask if I had the right number. And though we had appointments and arrived ten minutes early. We waited for a while. A woman came in after us and had an appointment at the same time. Some how she was taken first. All in all I can wear sandals again without any shame. So I'll be back. Just possibly with an appointment on a Monday or Thursday. Not on a Friday where every woman in Deer Valley is getting ready for her weekend.
5	This is the cleanest, most comfortable nail salon I've been to in the Phoenix area! They have real autoclaves to clean all their equipment, the atmosphere is great and the service is excellent! They have more features that you can add on to any service if you're looking for a little more TLC, too :-) Love it!
4	I love this place! Aesthetically pleasing. Very clean. My Gel nails look great and the girl who did them (Kelsey) was very sweet and thorough. She talked me into something fun! I loved everything about this place other than one thing...it's really really crazy busy packed with people. But that is the only thing that was slightly overwhelming. Other than that this place would have rated 5 stars!
5	Five stars for the Polish Room! One of the best nail salons in the Valley. The staff is very friendly and also very talented. I have been to many places that are no good at nail designs or charge an arm and a leg for them. Not the Polish room! Very affordable and great at what they do. The salon is very clean and they also have a nail bar!
5	Best nail tech ever......CHRISTINE PHAN I've been coming here for three years! Christine has never let me down all hand painted designs. And pedicures to die for!! You need to book your appt TODAY!!
5	Love this place!  So friendly and accommodating.  They worked three of us in without advance notice at the end of the day on a Saturday.  Gave my 8 year old special treatment and painted her nails pretty while we were getting pedicures and barely charged me anything for it. Big selection of colors. Nice people. Nice chairs. Clean. Reasonably priced. Comfortable!  I'll be back!
2	They did a good job but I got callous remover and the nail tech got some on my leg and didn't notice and I didn't think anything of it because it didn't hurt at the time but then I get home and have a huge chemical burn on my leg. Hurts like hell. And I paid about 20$ more than I expected to. Way to pricey and now I am going to have a scar on my leg. Thanks polish room
5	My first time and I was recommended here by my wonderful co-workers. Christine did an amazing job on listening to my ideas and making my nails look gorgeous!! shes was hilarous to chat with and loved how open to my ideas she was. we brainstormed with colors, design and she got to work, VERY satisfied with my gorgeous nails and will definately be coming here from now on. Pedi prices are a steal and the salon is nicely set-up. I can't wait to see Christine again because the holidays are around the corner, if you appreciate free hand designs on your beautiful nails, christine is the person to see!!!
5	Jenny was amazing! Great pedi! Super eyebrow waxing! Took her time and put effort into it! $45 for a deluxe pedi. $10 for eyebrows. Worth every penny! I'll def be coming back!
5	I found my new favorite nail salon.  For so long I have been admiring their gel nail designs, but since I was such an acrylic nails addict, it was never the right time for me to make a visit to The Polish Room.  I'm so glad I finally decided to take my "nails" off recently and let my natural nails be manicured.I made an appointment and got Christine to do my gel nail manicure.  When I first arrived to The Polish Room I noticed how clean and modern the shop is.  There were a lot of customers on this Tuesday afternoon, which is really great.  The fact that you have to make an appointment speaks a lot about their popularity.Christine is such a professional.  She starts off cleaning up cuticles and shaping the nails.  I'm amazed at how quick and precise she is.  Her designs are so beautiful and she is so creative.  During my conversation with her I learned that she has been doing nails for 13 years.  My favorite part was having the designs drawn.  Before coming in for my appointment I had browsed through past designs she had done.  Feel free to bring in pictures.  Otherwise, she is very attentive to what you want her to create.  My appointment was topped off with a relaxing arm and shoulder rub.  It has been almost two weeks since I got my nails done and they still look great.  Still shiny and no chips!  Thank you Christine and The Polish Room!  I can't wait to make my next appointment.
1	I found this pretty salon on yelp, but unfortunately  I have requested Christine but she was booked so they gave me some girl that does a horrible job on my nails! So bumpy looking..she was nice enough to redo my nails but I won't go back. The staff was  unfriendly and the manager/owner needs to give a better greeting!!
5	My first time here and it was great ! Ben is super nice . Always making sure the girls understood what you want . And a big surprise/shock was they put sunblock on my hands before the went in the light . A nice touch ! I forgot the girls name who did my nails but she was a lot of fun to talk with . All in all further away from me but worth the trip for sure !!
5	I've been going here since the owner had Club Nails, and I try not to go anywhere else! My go to gal is Jenny....she's so meticulous! My nails and eyebrows always turn out perfect! I'm there at least 3 times a month, mostly due to the fact I can't get my nails on the same schedule to save my life! But I highly recommend this place! Friendly staff, and the owner Ben knows almost every face that walks in the door! Try this place out!!
5	I absolutely love this nail salon! After having been to many nail places here in the valley since I moved here two years ago, I can, without a doubt, say this is the best one. The Polish Room is not only incredibly spacious and beautifully decorated, but it is also filled with awesome employees!I always go to Christine who is pretty much the raddest human being alive. She is a killer artist and is so efficient and creative, not to mention entertaining and super friendly. She rules. Ben is welcoming and is also always around to make sure things are going smoothly. Great selection of polishes and designs. I always love my appointments here at The Polish Room.  Remember: cash tips only. (There is a gas station a two minute walk away, so if you forget cash, just head over there and pick up some cash so you can tip these awesome people appropriately.)
