5	Let me just start off by saying that as someone who is Mexican American, I rarely am impressed by Mexican food restaurants, however, Santos Lucha Libre Taco Shop has revealed itself to me in all it's glory. The food is authentic, perfectly spicy, fresh and reasonably priced! They have a selection of 8 different meats with different salsas ranging from classic carne asada, chicken, pastor, to home style Tinga (MY FAVORITE) and you can combine it with your choice of either a burrito, tacos, nachos and some other things I can't remember. I got the three taco combo with Tinga, adobada and cochinita! MIND AND TASTE BUDS BLOWN AWAY! I can't get over how excited I am this place opened. The place is Lucha themed with amazing colors, paintings, disco ball, huge wrestling pictures that is perfect for families, kids, parties, maybe even to go after church on a Sunday with everyone. The tortillas were so soft and cooked just right and to wash down that hint of spice the horchata was just amazing and so authentic tasting as if my grandma just made a fresh batch. Go to Santos, you will not regret it.
5	Omg! This place is awesome. I wish it had opened a year ago since I live right next door. The fish tacos are amazing, but I've sampled all their meats and its all good! Great prices, amazing food, super authentic, and it's quick! The owners are really friendly and the place is clean! Definitely check it out. Seriously I want fish tacos right now.
5	A great addition to the neighborhood!! It must be tough selling Mexican food in this area- lots of good places to go. But, Lucha is one of the best. The recipes are the families originals. The food is very authentic and plentiful. Flavors are amazing!! Previous reviews have touched on the meats, variety and options available, so I will save you the reading. All the quicker to get over there!!!  Go!! Runnn!
5	This place is amazing and right next to my apartment. The gentleman who helped me was extremely friendly and helpful. He let me try the different meats and made suggestions of what condiments to pair with my tacos. The horchata is fresh made by the matriarch of the family, and it is amazing. So many meat choices and the ingredients are so fresh. I will for sure be back again and again, and I have been telling everyone who wants exceptional, authentic Mexican food to go here.
5	Chose this spot for lunch because of all of the positive reviews they have been receiving and they definitely delivered! The food was fantastic and staff incredibly friendly and helpful. At no time did I feel rushed while they gave me samples of the meats. And their sauces delicious. I have a chipotle a block away from where I live and I don't think I'll be going there with this place just a few miles away.
5	Upscale chipotle very fresh made to order in front of you   Had the wet carnie  Asada burrito. Good hot hot sauce :) my date had the bean burrito & loved it. Don't like plastic forks  & they don't offer ice tea.   Limited menu    will go back.
5	I will echo what all the review below.The business is family owned and operated and the customer service is amazing! They let you sample all the meats which are off the charts! The restaurant is super clean and they have tv's to watch sports. They make their own taco salad shells and I can't rave about them enough! Please come by and support this amazing local business.
5	My boyfriend and I go there every Monday.  The decor is fun and the food is delicious and authentic.  They let us sample the meats, they have a variety of flavored tortillas and you order Chipotle style, so the portions are HUGE. There's also a fresh salsa bar. On top of all that, the service is great.
5	Awesome place! Food is delicious and fresh, chipotle ain't got nothing on santos lucha libre Mexican food!
5	Love supporting and finding new restaurants in my Sunnyslope neighborhood.  We  have ordered burritos and quesadillas with the pork and beef and they were delicious and they are made to order.....anyway you like! The owner is a hardworking Mom bringing the area great Mexican food....just like Momma's...step away from the fast foods and come support this great new little shop....I guarantee you love it and will come back for more...
5	The first thing that I saw walking in was the homie Miguel. He gave us all samples of some bomb meats. I got a fatty burrito that was the bomb.com chu feel.
5	I definitely recommend Santos Lucha Libre...I am so happy I decided to try this great little spot. I live right by them and am excited to have a great go-to when I'm craving Mexican with a slight twist.I was greeted by a very nice woman with a great, inviting smile. (I'm assuming she's the owner.) she knew right away that I had never been in, and got right into giving me samples of all of the meats. They are all DELICIOUS! I opted for the 3 tacos (chicken, pork and beef) What sets them apart are the topping choices. I was excited to see roasted corn and pickled red onions, 2 of my favorite things. Never thought pickled red onions with Mexican, but it works amazingly well. Not only was everything fresh, but the tacos were beautiful with the vibrant colors of the pickled onions and other fresh toppings. I couldn't wait to get home and dig in. Now that I'm full, fat, and happy I can say without a doubt I will be returning here more often than I would probably like to admit. Under $10 for 3 tacos filled to the brim and a soda? I could barely finish 2 tacos and will be happily wrapping the 3rd for lunch tomorrow. I can't wait to go back and try the other options! Highly recommend giving this place a try!
5	This place is awesome. Great customer serviceGreat foodGreat prices I had the 3 taco plate. $6.99 Chicken pork and green chili. Loaded up with cheese lettuce pico de gallo sour cream and cilantro. It may have been enough food for two, but I managed to scarf it down. Each of the meats have their own special seasonings and flavors. My favorite was the chicken. It seem to have a smoked flavor. The only downfall I can see is if you wait too long your tortilla will get soggy from the juices.
5	This place was OUTSTANDING!!! We had carne Asada fries, burritos & tacos !!! Super friendly family owned & they let us sample all the meats .. DELISH!! You will not be disappointed
5	I came all the way from chandler to try the food and see what the hype is about. I had a wet burrito with horchata. The burrito was huge and the meat was so tender. They had so many healthy choices for tortilla. I had it with tomatoes basil tortilla. Horchata was homemade and I had to get second large drink. My trip was so worth it and I would recommend this hidden gem.
5	Awesome atmosphere and great food. Chipotle is done, this place is my Mexican fast food staple now!
5	Very good restaurant! Hidden in strip mall very friendly staff and food was excellent! Highly recommended we sampled all meats it is tough choice did green chili and didn't regret it. Support this local gem!
5	Sublime!  I live right around the corner and frequent Il Posto and Scramble weekly.  I noticed signs for a new taco shop and decided to do some Sunday night take-out.  I can honestly say this was one of the best tacos I've ever tested.  The kind owner allowed us to sample all the meats and I ended up with 3 tacos filled with sweet pork topped by cheese, lettuce, cilantro, pineapple (which was magical with the pork) and roasted corn.  The meat was flavorful and tender and the combination of toppings was amazing.  Don't miss the salsa bar.  Lots of choices and all so much better than anything I've tried elsewhereI'm so glad that Santos Lucha Libre is in the neighborhood.  Don't hesitate to try it.  The Mexican wrestling decor, kind owners and fabulous food is well worth it
5	Don't quite get the wrestling theme, but the decor is very eye catching and Macho I guess.  Love the chandeliers and sparkly touches every where.  There is plenty of room and the booths are super comfy and private due to their high backs.  Now the food and service: like other reviewers mentioned, the owners let us sample the meats which really helped with choosing. The woman who I presume is the young man's mother was also very nice and accommodating. I prefer pork to chicken or beef therefore I got a spicy pork taco.  The black beans were perfectly cooked, not too dry, not too soggy, I asked for them well drained and did not get the usual dirty look, he said "of course" and carefully drained the black beans before placing them in the flour taco.  I also ordered a vegetarian taco with beans, guacamole, corn, pico, cheese, and sour cream.  The two tacos I had were so filling, I ordered them a la carte because I knew I couldn't eat three, but I found that even two were so heaped full of goodness I could get away with just one and walk away more than satisfied.  My husband is low carbing it so he ordered lettuce and meat and really enjoyed his meat choices. We were really impressed with the freshness of our food and wanted to get the word out to support this local business, good tacos are very hard to find in this area of town, fantastic addition to the neighborhood!
5	It's rare to find a restaurant that meets and exceeds our "foodie" expectations!  The workers were so appreciative of us coming in on Father's Day!  They ran out of chicken (because we are a family of 8) and they were so apologetic and accommodating with samples of all their meats and even gave us free churros for our boys because of it. And I actually think the pastor flavored meat was tastier than the chicken.  So, I only give 5 stars to a place that has great good and great service!  We will be back every time we come to Phoenix!  A special thanks to Erik for his excellent people skills!
5	Saw the good reviews and thought I'd check it out for taco Tuesday.  The staff was friendly and helpful.  They asked if we had ever ate there before.  After hearing it was our first time they gave us samples of all the types of meats.  I decided on the 3 taco platter.  I got one chicken, one beef chile verde, and one spicy pork taco.  The tacos were good sized, well priced and made to order.  Everything was delicious.  The tacos were great,  the salsa bar had several different choices that were each very good.  I really liked the spicy one made with peanuts.  I would go back in a heartbeat and look forward to trying more meats and possibly a burrito.
5	The tacos here are fresh and excellent. Definitely generous in portion size, too. The cochinita pivil and barbacoa were my favorites, but also loved the pastor and carne adovada. The horchata was also super yummy. The lady was so nice, she even let us sample all the meats. I prefer these tacos to Joyride. Definitely don't pass this place up. Great local gem.
5	Everything Here is Amazing! The lucha libre theme is so original and well done...and the Food!! So fresh and authentic!! So many different flavors...so many different ways to eat...new repeat customer!
3	The decor...LOL. I don't get it at all. Never the less. lets begin:This place is like a cafeteria/chipotle style ordering and food preparation. You order go down the line. Customize and then pay then eat.They let you try all their meat they have. Their spicey meats have a great kick to them. Unfortunately some meats were a little dry.  Out of all the meats the green chili pork is the best. I had the burrito it was ridiculously huge. Like a chipotle burrito. It was way better tasting. They have good fresh ingredients. and some that can really pack a punch (in spicyness.).I would like to go back and try their other menu items. They have potential, but the location is kind of crappy. Hopefully they will do better there than their predecessors.
5	My boyfriend and I are trying out a bunch independent places in our new neighborhood. Based on the reviews we saw for Santos Lucha Libre, we knew it had to be one of the first ones we tried. Upon walking in, we we're warmly greeted by the staff and asked if it was our first time. They allowed us to sample the different meats to make sure we ordered something we enjoyed - awesome! I got two tacos a la carte, one spicy chicken with lettuce, cheese, corn salsa and sour cream, and one spicy pork with lettuce, cheese, corn salsa, pineapple tidbits, and sour cream. My boyfriend got the three taco plate (a mere $6.99), and had two spicy pork and one regular pork taco. I also ordered a large horchata based on the Yelp reviews.Everything was amazing! The horchata was so delicious, my spicy chicken taco had a lot of kick, and the spicy pork with the pineapple was just incredible. The meat is juicy and delicious, the toppings are all fresh, and the tortillas are slightly grilled before the tacos are assembled.This will definitely be in our rotation for local joints to return to.
5	This place was awesome! We read the reviews and decided to try it. We tried the nachos and burrito and they were both amazing. Definitely recommend trying it :-)
5	Great little place with amazingly delicious food. Love the atmosphere and fun decor. My burrito was made to order and it was HUGE!, My girlfriends 3 taco plate was three actual tacos, not street tacos. The meat (we tried beef and pork) was outstanding, we could've just ordered a plate of meat and been satisfied. (They have great options if you're not into meat) We will recommend to friends and invite them to join us. Very casual, and the staff is very helpful and accommodating.
5	OK, I went to try this place out after reading all reviews on yelp. And I must say I absolutely do not regret it, the service was awesome and people were very friendly. The food is natural and very healthy. Recommend this place to anybody!!!
4	Fresh meats and veggies! Rice was perfectly cooked, but the tortilla was a little under cooked store bought :( but the staff was friendly and the atmosphere is awesome! I will definitely be back for more! THEY ARE NOT ASSOCIATED WITH THE ORIGINAL LUCHA LIBRE but they are still delicious
5	This place is good, really good. They have 5 different meats ranging in spice warmth - each with their own distinctive flavor. I enjoyed all five. I chose the three taco plate with pastor, green chili and one other beef. Incredible flavors on all of the meat. Then you have the opportunity to select various toppings, cilantro, lettuce, red onions, white onions, hominy, sour cream, cheese, cabbage (a few more I do not recall). A few salsa options are available also. Note: these are not street taco size they are full size soft shell tacos. I will be back to support this awesome restaurant
5	Outstanding food and great service! I've been three times this week to try different items off of their menu and all have been delightful. I'm lucky enough to be close but this place is worth the effort to drive to if you are not on this side of town. Jeff
5	I love to eat here whenever I'm in the area. The owners seem like very nice people and are always helpful and friendly. They have the best churros I have ever had. Served with  a side of rich caramel. 5 stars!
5	Great food, they let you try all the meats so you get exactly what you want. Some were a little spicy for my kids but they had plain carnitas and shredded chicken that worked great for them. Everything was loaded with flavor and the service was !Excellent! BTW I love the Luchadore Design. Price was low, quality was high. Best place I've been in a long time.
5	I went here with my family to try something fun and different. We had an awesome experience! Friendly service and great Mexican food. You can try all the meats, which they actually encourage. The meat have a lot of flavor. I got the Barbacoa which was excellent and spicy. Highly recommend it!
5	Awesome place! Great food! All of the meats are cooked to perfection and will not disappoint. If you are in the Phoenix area check out this gem. This place stands out from other Mexican restaurants and the Luchador decor is priceless.
5	Awesome food! Great atmosphere! Will definitely be back! We were given samples of the meat before ordering, which was great for our kids so they didn't end up ordering something they wouldn't like. The portions are huge! Five wee tacos or three large ones, humongous burritos, giant sodas. The only down side is they don't have a location in the west valley.
5	I tried the fish tacos and a bean and cheese enchilada style burrito for the kid. The fish was perfectly cooked and tasted good. The extra toppings were fresh as usual. The salsa bar was a perfect complement to the tacos. The burrito was a small football filled with beans and cheese. Topped with enchilada sauce. The sauce seemed a bit salty and the kid said it was gross. I liked it. She ate the insides out and picked the tortilla apart to get the "dry" sections. Staff was awesome as usual. The building was a tad bit warm on the seating side.
5	The Barbacoa Beef was so spicy and delicious!   But that's not the best part of this place!  First off, the staff is so nice!  If its your first time, they will give you a thorough run through of what they offer complete with a taste test and description of each meat offered.  Every sample we had was delicious, moist, and of varying levels of spiciness. Want a burrito?  They have several different flavored tortillas to chose from: plain, wheat, spinach, tomato and chipotle!  Once you know how you want your food presented (taco salad, burrito, torta, etc.) you get to choose the fillings: rice, pinto beans, black beans, cabbage, lettuce, tomato, cheese, chopped onion, pickled onion, cilantro...the list goes on!!!  AND they have a salsa bar with so many choices to try, I'm surprised I was able to leave!!Bottom line:  the food is amazing, the prices are completely reasonable, and the signs out front saying '1 lb Burrito' are a total lie!!!  Those things are EASILY 3 lbs when they hand them to you!!  My husband ate a bit more than half of his and the part we brought home weighed in at 1.4 lbs!  Yum!!!
5	Good meats good eats. If you like spicy you won't be disappointed. Amusing decor. Did I mention they have great food? Because they have great tacos.
5	A new gem in Sunnyslope. The staff is very friendly, the food is really tasty and the servings are generous, and they offer you a taste of all the meat preparations available - all of them good, but seeing that the other reviewers have mentioned their favorite, I have to say that my personal choice is pastor. With the aid of the large illustrated menu graphic above the counter, you choose your meat (asada, chicken, carnitas, barbacoa, tinga, pastor, adobada, cochinita pivil) or green chili or fish and shrimp. Then choose the style: tacos, burrito, open burrito (served like a salad, with a large warm tortilla on the side), wet burrito (covered with enchilada-like sauce), nachos, torta, pambazo, tostada, taco salad, macho fries, or quesadilla.  The servings are generous and very filling and the items are inexpensive, but should you think that you'll have room for sides such as rice or beans, these are available at very little additional cost. The dining area, with high and low tables and comfortable booths, is completely separate from the counter/ordering area and both areas have a really fun luchador theme - I love it!  Restrooms are clean and there is a separate, large handwashing area just outside of the restrooms. Everything about this place makes it stand out over and above the countless taco restaurants of the city.
5	I thought, how could a place have all 5 stars. I went the same day I found them on Yelp to find out. It is similar to a Chipotle or Gadzooks in that they have a food line and you can see what's there while it's being made. Everyone there  was friendly. The lady offered to give us samples of the meat before ordering. They have quite a few to pick from. I ended up with 2 conchinita pivil and 1 adobado tacos. It was more than just good. It is a bit of a drive but I will be hitting this place on the weekends.
5	We came in at 8:00 p.m. on a Sunday.   They were still preparing fresh food and welcomed us with samples. All of the meats were amazing.  I ended up with three different tacos.  I can't pick which meat was my favorite they were all excellent.  We're happy to have them near us and will be regulars.
5	One of the better tasting mexican fare I have found in the valley.  I would definitely go back.
5	This is the best Mexican food I ever had in the valley. Quality and taste is comparable to $$$ and above restaurants.
4	Decided to try this place based on the great reviews. I love me some Mexican food and my favorite type is the hole in the wall taco shop. I'm from San Diego originally and moved to Arizona about 10 years ago. Typically I find Arizona taco shops to be awful. I find bad carne asada, tasteless watery taco sauce and bland gross refried beans beans abound, IMO. So, this place... It's very good. I had a carne asada burrito. It was massive and all the ingredients were very good and fresh.  My girlfriend had the tacos with the tinga chicken (shredded spicy chicken) and that was very good as well. The guacamole was good and it was only a 1$ to add to your item which I think is reasonably priced. The only thing that held me back from giving them 5 stars was the salsa. I tried both the red salsas and I found the "medium" to be weird tasting. The "hot" had some decent flavor and a decent amount of spice but it didn't blow me away. Overall this place is good and I will continue to go here and I would definitely recommend it to friends.
5	Local, family owned and operated authentic Chipotle.  Only better.  Pickled onions, cabbage, and a large variety of meats.  The family that runs this place are so nice and kind.  Support local and eat here!  The food is awesome.  Cochinita Pibil is yummy!Did I mention to "eat local"?
5	Love this place! Tortillas are excellent and are available in 5 flavors. So far I've had the open burrito twice. I can barely finish it. So much meat, topped with fresh lettuce, cabbage, corn, black or pinto beans, rice, pickled onions, onions, tomatoes and more. Great chips, too. Crisp and just the right thickness. The salsa bar is full of options as well. This one will be on regular rotation for a while until I've tried all the meats in the various options. So good. Like Rachel L. said, like Chipotle, but local! And with more meat options and more salsa options and just simply better.
5	Yummy, yummy, yummy!!! The food is fresh, has great flavor and is absolutely delicious. The owner and her daughter are so friendly and very helpful, as this was my first visit, but definitely not my last!!!
5	Yummy authentic Mexican food. A must try for any Mexican food lover. All homemade, the Tinga is awesome. My new favorite place to enjoy REAL Mexican that I have been searching for in Phoenix. Homemade salsa bar, fresh ingredients. I would have taken a picture of my Chile Verde burrito but I ate it all, next time.
5	I went in here with my 12 & 14 y/o sons after reading rave reviews here on Yelp. The staff was AWESOME to say the least - very polite and helpful, persuading us to try each meat and then build the dinner of our choice. My sons had quesadillas - one had the Barbacoa and one had the Pastor. they both LOVED them. I chose the tacos -  one chile verde, one Pastor, and one carnitas. They were all great with the chile verde taking the cake. They have so many fresh and tasty toppings and a wonderful salsa bar. I will warn you...the stuff that looks like onions with shaved carrots in it, at the salsa bar, is NOT that. I took a big spoonful and what I thought were carrots, were habanero peppers....it kicked my ass! ...and I LOVE spicy! They did have flan and churros for dessert but I was too full to try them out...next time.This place is 15-18 minutes from my house but the reviews pulled me in...and I'm glad I made the drive! Oh yeah..the decor...crazy! But if you didn't know, Lucha Libre is a type of Mexican wrestling so the atmosphere is fitting to the name of the restaurant. I absolutely loved it and will go back...SOON!
5	iv been coming here since they opened and its literally the best food for miles and miles . the quality of their meat is top notch. they are family owned and operated which makes you want to help grow their business even more! i cant believe how fast they have so many reviews obviously im not the only one who loves this place.
5	I am officially in love with this place...all I can say is WOW! First of all, I grew up eating Mexican food, the home cooked stuff. So I'm coming from a very spoiled high standards point of view. That said, this place has pretty much topped the list in terms of quality, flavor, and customer service. I mean, it jumped above Carolina's even. My husband and I arrived and she (the  talented owner and chef) asked if it was our first time. Well yes, it is! She then gave us each samples of each of the meat options they offer with their menu options. EVERY one of them was delicious, so of course made it impossible to choose. So I got 3 different kinds, one in each taco, as did my husband, and then we each got a tostada on the side to get a 4th meat - yeah, THAT good!! The rest is done chipotle style where they ask what you want in your tacos or whatever you order, and add it in. The whole meal was epic, and we can't wait to return, and bring friends and family! If you visit one Mexican joint in Phoenix, come to this one. Seriously amazing, and we didn't even break $20. My wallet loves it as much as my stomach. Oh, and the people were just wonderful and I hope to see them live long, prosper, and continue making such amazing food in this amazing restaurant! Side note - I didn't even get started on how amazing the interior was. Worth a visit just to see how great the decor is!
5	Guess I'll join the 5 star review club on Santos Lucha Libre. My first visit was very memorable. They let my friend and I try all the meats since it was our first time. They were all very good. I had the barbacoa, green chile and el pastor. Very very good. The decor is hilarious. My only hesitation with their food is that it tends to be on the hot side. But very very tasty.
5	Awesome street tacos. We've been actively looking for a good spot for over a year. We finally found one. Great service. If you go spicy, you might want some horchata. I was humbled.
5	Unconventional and fun! The food is amazing! We will definitely go back when we are on this side of town!
5	A new favorite. Great welcoming staff. They are helpful recommending menu items and samples of great quality and great tasting Mexican Food. A new favorite. Try it.
5	I had the street tacos and my husband had the burrito. Both were delicious and so filling! We were both very happy that the tortillas didn't break, despite the enormous amount of filling they had. The order set-up is like a Chipotle, but the food tastes OH SO MUCH BETTER. Also, the beans are vegetarian, which is a big plus for us. Decor is centered around the Mexican wrestler theme; kitschy and fun. Will definitely be returning!
5	Great place! They had us sample the meat prior to ordering so we would know how spicy we wanted. The food was excellent. Service was outstanding! Loved the salsa bar idea. You can try different kinds of salsa.
5	Seriously if you have not been here yet - get in your car and get over there. I went because it got good reviews, it was new to me and it was Mexican food which was what I wanted today. Big surprise - fantastic food.The restaurant is not in a swanky neighborhood but don't let that stop you. They are in a shopping center that has several other restaurants, some closed, and a sports bar. Look for it because it is not obvious.From the pictures on yelp you might think they do not have many tables BUT they have a room next door with plenty of seating.The motif is Mexican wrestling thus the Lucha  Libre name. Pretty well done and fun if you have not been around that before.OK OK, the food! When they ask you to try a taste of what they offer DO IT! every taste is different and every one is fantastic. The one they will tell you is the hottest  meat will in fact remove all of your throat so be careful. All of the other ones are normal hot to just mildly spicy. The green chili is superb but as might be expected very hot.I got 5 street tacos with a different taste in each one.And the very best part - one of the nicest women you ever met is the owner and she greeted me and made me feel as if I  had come home for lunch. I got a case of being macho and insisted on trying the really hot stuff and they ran to the  water cooler and got me water. Someplace else probably would have grabbed a cell phone and recorded me hopping around yelling about how  hot it was (hot but actually very good).
5	We heartily agree with the current ratings.  This place is as good as it gets. Staff is helpful, efficient and personable.  Kudos to the staff who recognize their customers and appreciate their loyalty.  The gal didn't recognize us and offered us a sample of each of the meats offered.  Nice touch.  At first I wanted a wet burrito and after watching them make their tacos, went that route.  Their spicy meats have a nice flavor with a kick.  Plenty of meat and accoutrements to go inside.  Seating is available in the room next door which is adorned with wrestling memorabilia.  Prices are very affordable.  We will definitely return soon.
5	In all my travels I have eaten many a taco. This place is by far the best. The meat is fresh, as are all the toppings. The wrestling theme ties it all together, and I found myself staring off like I had ADD. I drove out from surprise to get to this place, and it was definitely worth the trek.
5	Excellent excellent food here, a great scene, friendly owners, fun music, great theme, clean bathrooms, and did I mention the food was excellent? You should get off your phone and get here now (and this was only my second time here!) - love it!!
5	I went here because of the reviews. I have never seen 5 stars from everyone. Today was my dads bday. We LOVE Mexican food and this was AMAZING!!!! Everyone was right , spicy and delicious!!!! Nicest people work there, they were awesome!!!! I will send everyone there!!!,
5	Really really good food. All the meats are so flavorful. Got the chicken tinga wet burrito which was HUGE and amazing! Very friendly staff, Will def be back. They do have a check in special as well.
1	The wet taco had a terrible sauce on it, the regular burrito had soggy black beans so it was a wet taco by the time we sat down. Poor imitation of Chipotle. Would not repeat 2/10.I don't think that it was all bad, the lady was nice and gave us samples. By themselves the meat was good but in a burrito the other ingredients were drowning out the flavor.
5	We ordered a veggie quesadilla, chips and guac, a veggie burrito bowl and horchata--all of which came up to about 20 dollars. All were good and hearty, and the servings were generous despite the affordable price. The people behind the counter were nice and friendly. The ambiance was a bit quirky and fun. I mean, Mexican wrestlers, pink walls, glitter...it's all good. We'll definitely be coming back.
5	Amazing food! The PASTOR is bomb!!! Love the decor, food, and staff. Super friendly. Awesome all around!
5	Hey, finally!  A Mexican restaurant I actually CRAVE to return for their food.  Simple, fresh, delicious.  My favorite is the Al Pastor made just the way I want with the fresh ingredients I choose.  My wife loves their Pibil, Green Chili, as well as the Barbacoa.  Spicy!  For her the wet burrito is the way to go.
5	Amazing, authentic, some of the best tacos I've ever had in phoenix, and I've lived here my whole life. Sample each meat if it's your first time, they're all good so you really can't go wrong...but be warned, get the habenero sauce on the side, it's crazy hot!
5	The tacos here are awesome. Since it was our first time they let us taste all the meat first. They all were really good. Highly recommend this place. Great prices and great food.
5	This was an incredible yelp find. All of the previous posts are spot on : the servers are incredibly helpful and friendly, the food was amazing, and the ambience, although goofy with all the masked wrestler decor, was fantastic. Came with Girlfriend and we each got the wet vegetarian burritos. So good! Salsa bar was awesome too. Took the check in offer for yelp no problem. Will def go again.
5	Wow, this is an awesome funky little taco shop! Great food with very generous portions, for a great price.
5	Great helpful staff that provided us w a taste of each meat.  All orders are custom made to your liking.  Flavorful meats.  Delicious entrees .  This will be my go-to place for all my taco cravings!
5	We agree with everyone else on yelp and can't wait to go back!  Friendly staff and great food.  I don't have anything to add except you need to try this place.
5	Service excellent, food excellent. Get out there and support these guys!! #nevergoingbacktochipotle
5	The food is awesome. I got the wet burrito and my hubby the tacos. This place is amazing and they let you try the different meats before you buy it. Staff was friendly. We did pass it up though because it sits in a shopping center.
5	Amazing food! Open burrito was amazing! Fish tacos are great. Great vibe too! Service was slow, but it think its because they became so popular so fast! They were very nice about it though. Really interesting decorations!
4	Nice and clean, huge portions, fresh ingredients. Diner casual. A great neighborhood destination!
4	Perhaps a little overhyped, but a still a pretty cool find and great staff.  I came here with my Dad around 5pm on a Saturday.  The place is set in a strip mall on the northwest corner of 7th St and Mountain View.  The interior setup as you walk in is pretty much just as advertised.  Lucha Libre emblems and posters everywhere with pink walls and even a disco ball in the dining room.  I haven't been to Lucha Libre Tacos in San Diego personally, but have been told the setup is very similar.The place was totally dead when we arrived so the entire staff gave us their full attention.  We told the staff that it was our first visit so they immediately encouraged us to try samples of their meats.  All 8 of them.  We got to try multiple variations of beef, pork, and chicken.  All with different spice levels and seasonings.  I had read some reviews about their fish tacos, so I went with those this time.  My Dad got a half and half burrito with chicken and pork.  The setup at the front was very similar to what you'd find at a Chipotle in that you can dress up your food in any number of different ingredient combinations.  And the staff was very friendly in guiding us through the process.  Total for 3 fish tacos, the burrito, and a couple of fountain drinks plus tax came to about $20.The verdict on the fish tacos?  Solid marks for the fresh toppings, but the fish itself was just meh.  It was deep fried cod, but the fish just didn't have a fresh flavor to me.  The freshness of the ingredients I put on top saved the dish, but I probably should've gone for one of the meats I sampled.  My Dad on the other hand was very impressed with his burrito.  He went with the mild chicken and pork along with an array of other ingredients in his burrito and loved it.  Maybe next time I'll go that route.  The dining room area has plenty of room for seating, was clean and the staff came around to make sure we were in good shape shortly after we began eating.Overall, I like most of what they're doing here.  They're definitely hitting it out of the park with friendly and attentive service.  And its great that they let you sample their meats.  The prices are pretty much in line with similar taco joints and they give you the opportunity to customize your order in a multitude of ways.  My advice?  Skip the fish and stick with the meats they let you sample when making your dream dish.
5	This place is amazing!  Really attentive and friendly service, delicious food that's very authentic, and a unique and interesting decor.  We'll be back to this place many times in the future!
5	Fantastic everythingauthentic music, friendly service, and delicious food.! an absolute must try, even if you dont like burritos.
5	Like you, I've driven by this obscure little store front a hundred times--you've seen one burrito place, you've seen them all, right?  Not so.  Turn in next time!  I did tonight and was pleasantly surprised.  I had the quesadilla with green chili shredded beef; it's made in front of you then taken to a subway/chipotle condiment section where you can get it loaded.  I also ordered the street taco sampler--5 double small tortilla that you can customize with what I thought were very tantalizing meats, then back to the condiment section for extra zip.  They were excellent, reminding me of those I had recently at Barrio Cafe.  When I entered, Maria offered me bites of all the meats--there are about a dozen.  Adequate seating next door with a salsa bar to complete the event!  Stop by and support these very talented folks.  Dinner was exceptional and reasonable!  Let's hope Sunnyslope can keep this one!
5	There is usually a good reason that a restaurant has high ratings. Sometimes its just the food. Sometimes the service. Sometimes its more...Santos hits 5 stars across the board. I had been wanting to try this place out for months after reading about it on yelp. Finally went a few weeks ago. Small place tucked into a strip mall on the west side of 7th street. Its nicer than it looks in many of the pictures on yelp. When you walk in you are greeted by the smells of tasty Mexican treats. Were were great by a very sweet lady (possibly the owner) who asked if we had been in before. When we said no she invited up to sample all the meats before we order. After tasting all the types f meat ranging from mildly spicy and sweet to quite spicy. I ended up ordering a few different types of tacos. Including the green chilli beef, the abodaba, and the Cochinita pibil (pork).All were absolutely delicious and spicy. This place is great and totally worth checking out. Not your typical taco stand...much, much better.
5	Amazing. It was our first time and they gave us a sample of every single meat that they have. We each decided on the street tacos. The guacamole was fresh. Go here NOW!
5	First time and it lived up to expectations.  Conchinita pork was outstanding.  Everything fresh.  Great decor too (as it's name implies)
5	Came here when I was in town for the Chargers game. SO DAMN GOOD!! We told them we had never been there and let us sample everything.....EVERYTHING! I ended up getting a burrito with Al Pastor, but it was so hard to decide. Everything tasted so good. Be sure to get a churro before you leave, they fry it fresh. Nothing beats this place. Next time I'm in town, this will be my first stop.
5	Yelp reviews did not disappoint. It's a walk up order place, lots of selections the owner offered tastings of all the different meat selections from mild to spicy (it was like a beer or wine tasting!) My favs were pastor, spicy barbacoa and carme asada. The salsas were just as flavorful. The dining room was nice, more like a restaurant instead of a cafeteria. We will definitely be back!!!
5	Super friendly service with recommendations for folks that are craving Mexican food, but in a rush & needed the eats to go! Love the pockets of commercial activity in Sunnyslope and have never been disappointed by a business in their 'hood. Yes...great salsa bar, yummy tortillas and succulent pork.  Next visit won't be rushed!
5	Of all of the mexican restaurants I have ever visited, Santos Lucha Libre is by far the best food I have ever experienced!There are plenty of meats to sample before you get started on your main selection. I would highly recommend the 'street tacos'. Yes, street tacos are by far the best selection. In fact it was so good that I wanted to do it all over again. Sure, I have to buy new pants because I ate so much but trust me when I say it is excellent!The staff is very friendly and the decor will make any person smile, if you like mexican wrestling. This food was prepared with love. Therefore you should give this place a try!
4	This was the first taco stop on last night's taco tour with Jon and Amy H. I must say, the tacos here were fairly legit. They allow you to taste all of the meats before ordering, which was a nice touch. Several of the meats were very spicy, and I appreciate that very much. I liked the cochinita pibil, the tinga chicken (surprisingly the spiciest, which is awesome cuz tinga can tend to be bland), and the green chili beef. The adobado was good too. The husband and I split the 5 street tacos (for 7$...Holy Deal!!) and got all the toppings on them. The salsas from the salsa bar added just the right amount of heat and flavor to make for some yummy tacos. I especially liked the light green salsa. The tacos were decently large and they were not stingy with any of the ingredients. Now, these aren't my favorite tacos ever, but they were the best of the night. Will be back!
5	You know how sometimes you're searching for something and you see it on Yelp and it's got a million positive reviews and you wonder if it's really that good? That's the story of this place and believe the hype, friend... it's really that good. I came here while visiting Phoenix with a friend of mine for the weekend. I'm not at all familiar with Phoenix, so I just searched for the taco place nearest me, and lo and behold, it was Santos Lucha Libre. How fortunate I was!First of all, when you walk into this place, you realize it has a really cool vibe. The decorations are rather spartan compared to some other taco places, but they do a really good job of making the place look cool and modern. In any case, all the first impressions I was forming went by the wayside when one of the guys working there greeted us and asked if it was the first time there. Yes, indeed it was. He then said he would prepare a taste of each meat for us so we'd know what we liked. Each of the proteins (meat, chicken, pork) are prepared in about three ways, so there's a lot to taste. Though I later opted for something else, I can tell you everything was delicious. The carne al pastor was the best pastor I've ever had... it was truly awesome. My friend ordered one of each protein and said they were all perfect. I, however, ordered the fish tacos. Man, I love fish tacos -- except that most places give you like three milligrams of the fish and then a ton of veggies. Well, not at this place! They piled my tacos high with fish and then add the toppings as you like it (think Subway or Chipotle). My fish tacos were the best fish tacos I've ever had. That's how serious it is. It's so serious if someone were driving back to Phoenix for a weekend, I might be tempted to go just for those tacos. I'm not even joking. All in all, this place wins all around. The decor was cool, the service was great, and the food was perfect. There's nothing to complain about here, except for they're like 300 miles from my house.
5	This place is amazing. It is easily the best tacos I have had in a long time. I want to come back and try everything on the menu.
2	For the past few weeks, I have been on something of a "taco tour" of north central Phoenix. Santos Lucha Libre earned itself a stop on account of its (a) being listed as one of the highest-rated restaurants in Phoenix and (b) only being ten minutes away from work.I'm not sure what I was expecting other than just great tasting, authentic Mexican street food. What I was certainly not expecting was a setup basically like Chipotle, where you tell the person behind the counter which meats you want, what you want on the tacos, etc. If you think this is how food should be prepared, you're wrong. Sorry, but you're just wrong.Anyways, resigned to the fact that I would be forced to make game time decisions about whether I wanted lettuce, onions, sour cream, and/or guacamole, I ended up getting a few different varieties of meat on my street tacos. Now, I'm not going to pretend that this was a bad meal. Was it disgusting? Nope. It was just average. The meat was average, the tortillas were average, the salsa bar was average... Everything was average. But it was presented in a way that makes white people who like the slop they serve at Chipotle think they're onto something special. It's like a better Chipotle, and that's not a compliment.If you're offering authentic Mexican food, there should be more meat options besides boring beef, chicken, and pork. Where's the lengua and chorizo? If you want hole-in-the-wall food, go to a real hole-in-the-wall... And if you want fancy tacos, there are much better places to get fancy tacos.There's really just no reason to eat here. Not when there are countless hole-in-the-wall Mexican restaurants in this part of town. Not when it's just a block down the street from Los Reyes de la Torta. Not when I have to drive right by the far superior Paquime to get there.
5	Awesome burritos! The servers were very friendly and let us try like 8 meats before we ordered. I had a side of guacamole, And it was some of the best guacamole. Multiple salsas to choose from. I has mild and it tasted like fresh delicious tomatoes with spices. I will def be back.
5	Easily the best, most authentic Mexican food in Phoenix. Take it from an L.A. guy who had almost forgotten what good Mexican food tasted like since I moved away. I almost teared up with joy when I ate here. I have brought over 20 people here since my first visit, and they are all loyalists now. Do yourself a favor and check it out.
5	Best.tacos.ever! Hands down. I found this restaurant on Yelp and had to check it out. The ambiance is crazy!! It is brightly colored and the decor is based on Mexican wrestling so it is very... unique. I thought it was funny and definitely different... but good different! I loved the Mexican music playing in the background!The food was incredible. When my husband and I walked in, the people behind the counter asked if we had been there before. When we said no, they told us we could sample all the meat. I dont eat meat, but my husband jumped on the chance. Every one he tried was followed by "oh wow!" or "oh god this is delicious!" etc etc. He ended up getting a beef burrito and I got vegetarian tacos. It is similar to Chipotle in that they make your meal in front of you and you decide what toppings you get. Both of us LOVED our meals - and the guac was delicious! The meal was fast, inexpensive and awesome! We cant wait to go back! Thanks Yelpers!
4	Wow, this food is amazing. We went for lunch on a very busy Friday and waited in line just short of an hour. Which is a bit crazy considering its a pick your own ingredients kind of place. On our visit they seemed short handed. Everyone was trying samples of things which seemed to slow down the whole the process. At around 12:30 another staffer came rushing in and threw on some gloves. This sped things up immensely. He must have been late or on break, I can't see how a restaurant would let someone start that late during lunch rush. I was annoyed by the long wait but my burrito was so freaking amazing that I just have to give them 4 stars. Bravo!
4	Nice find in the area. Taco Bar with so many options it made my head spin but the chicken hit the spot. 2 hot chicken and 1 mild. Perfect. Ordered the Nacho's  which was no more than chips with cold cheese, beans and a meat of my choice. very disappointing with the super tacos. I will be back and want to try the burritos but be assured the Nachos will not be on the menu.
4	Not to be confused with  Luncha Libre Food Truck - this place is located just south of North Mountain on 7th St. Great Tacos! and home of the 1lb burrito - this thing is massive!If it's your 1st time be sure to ask to sample all of the meats; they offer a nice variety of Mexican-style meats, from barbacoa to carnitas, pastor and adobada.The atmosphere is also entertaining with the bright colors and wrestling motif throughout; the staff is very nice and helpful- you'll be sure to enjoy dining in.Welcome to the neighborhood, Santos!!
5	Amazing food and atmosphere. Meats are fresh and well prepared. Cocinita Pibil is phenomenal. Very friendly and inviting staff. I'd give them more estrellas if I could. Please open up in Los Angeles.
5	We came in last night because of good yelp reviews and we weren't disappointed. I had probably the best tacos I've ever had...ever! I tried my partner's wet burrito and it had the such a great flavor. She had a spicy beef and I had green chili, another spicy beef, and the mild chicken in my tacos. When we walked in the owner invited us to try their different meat options and they were all phenomenal!!!!! The medium salsa was my favorite. I loved the atmosphere....that whole strip mall is nice, with Scramble a few doors down, another great place to eat!
5	This place is awesome. I don't know why haven't been here sooner. The food was delicious and the staff was very helpful. They let us sample all of the meat to decide which one we wanted. The restaurant itself is very clean. I love their theme! Very original. This place is authentic and trendy at the same time. I will be back for their tacos!!!
4	A taco place that has 5 stars with over 100 reviews? Obviously ... had to check it out. First let me say, I don't know about the authenticity of these tacos. The corn tortilla was ok, the flavors of the meat(s) were a little off in my opinion and their spicy meats were seemingly ... a cover for bad quality meat.However, $7 for 5 street tacos is a great place, and they have a large selection of salsas to go with these so you can be sure to find something you like.They don't have the traditional meats, except for maybe Asada (carne asada) and Carnitas but the description is so bizarre that you won't really know what it is you're getting. But hey, they let you try the meats before you order so that's a plus. Fast, friendly service.
5	So long Chipotle.. This place is so much better!!!  More meat selections, staff will let you sample the various proteins.  We had the wet beef el pastor burrito, absolutely delicious!!
5	As newbies, we got to sample all the meats! Fantastic food, awesome decor! We loved the tortillas!
5	Finally had the chance to check this place out and I'm so glad we did! Being vegetarian (well, peskatarian) we weren't sure what to expect. But, to our surprise, there were actually vegetarian options on the menu. The fish tacos were some of the best I ever had, I enjoyed every bite! I really also liked the salsa bar full of fresh mild to spicy salsas to try. Service was top notch. They were so helpful and were patient to help guide us newbies through the menu. I will be recommending this place to everyone I know now!OH! And how could I forget the flan??! Real homemade Mexican flan. We almost had to order a second one to share it was so good tasting one of our favorite desserts made right!
5	This is a small place that I am surprised was not packed.  The servers were very friendly and offered samples of all of the different types of meat in little serving cups to help me decide.The green chile beef was my favorite!  I got the taco salad with green chile beef but it is really closer to a "burrito bowl" like you would get a Chipotle but served in a fried flour tortilla.  Toppings were good and fresh and the decor is hilarious.  Very reasonable prices for the massive serving size!
5	Authentic!! Tasty and vegetarian friendly mexican!!  Can't believe that we haven't been here before!!Very friendly staff, guided is through the menu, gave a taste of the variety of chicken so the hubby could choose what he liked!  As for me(vegetarian), they pointed put everything that was vegetarian- which included the rice, tortillas and beans... Awesome!!
5	Yelped and found this amazing place!  Staff is extremely friendly and awesome, gave us a chance to taste the meat beforehand.   Tacos are super delicious,  love the atmosphere.     Yummy for my tummy! Muchas Gracias
5	Chipotle on steroids... This place blows comparable burrito places out of the water. I saw a sign for a 1lb burrito and they weren't kidding. Fresh quality ingredients, super filling, and very tasty. Cannot recommend this place enough! Definitely found a new taco joint.
5	Glad we tried this authentic Mexican restaurant for lunch. In the area for business and saw the ratings on Yelp so gave it a try. They offered us all the meats to try since we were 1st timers and it was all so good it was hard to decide. I got the 3 tacos with 3 different meats and was very happy. Will go again if I am ever in the area!
5	Wow, this place is amazing. I wish we had one in Maryland. Get the 5 street tacos and sample all the spicy meats, requires all toppings they provide. It's one spicy goodness, pain, my tongue feels so good!  Also love the design of this place.
5	Best burrito in sunnyslope, awsome service and close to my house.always a treat coming here
5	I can't say anything the other reviewers haven't already said. Believe the hype.
5	Great authentic tacos here. This is my kind of place. The feeling and quality of a real home cooked meal. I'll be back for more.
5	I love this place! Fun atmosphere, friendly staff, amazing food. I love that they let you taste each meat before choosing. They're all fantastic, by the way.
5	This place has some of the best meat I have tasted in a while. Great service and selection! I will definitely be coming back quite often!
5	I drove across town while visiting the area just to go to the most highly rated taqueria in Phoenix and was not disappointment. Fun and updated decor, very friendly taqueria taco maker, and very friendly tacos. The chicken street tacos were very distinctive tasting, dry in an excellent way.  The nachos were good, and burrito very good.They need to put a wresting ring in, and have Friday night fights where anyone can create a wrestling mask and sign up to fight.  Although, I guess there could be insurance problems with this.
5	This place has the best burritos and they are huge. They also have tacos and bowls but the burritos are too good to pass up. They have a wide selection of tasty meat that ranges from mild to spicy. If it's your first time they will let you try them all. They have a variety of toppings to add to your meal. The atmosphere and all of the luchador decorations are great too.
5	Fresh quality, ingredients. Friendly staff.I've come twice and haven't been disappointed. Came as a family both times, brought a friend the second time. Dinner time wasn't too busy, but still lively. Lunch is great.I am a fan of an open burrito. My husband does a wet burrito. Kids do quesadillas.Fresh guacamole and chips made in house.
5	Great value & delicious food!  Been there quite a few times now.  I have only tried burritos and the wet burrito.  Setup is similar to Chipotle, but Santos Lucha Libre has more options and better food.  I love Chipotle, but to compare Santos to Chipotle is a slap in the face to Santos.They have a sign out front that reads "1 pound burrito".  My burrito was massive, so out of curiosity I weighed it...1.5 pounds!Cons:- Their restaurant is themed around professional wrestling, so they have masks all over the place, and it's creepy as hell!  Because of the decor, I could never eat there; I always get my food to go.
5	Must! Must! Must! Go!  Super nice owner and staff.  Delicious food. Perfectly seasoned. Huge portions. Fair price.  Yummmmm!!!
5	Yum Yum Yum Yum Yummmmm.......Just ate here and had to get this out. The ladies behind the counter are very welcoming. We were offered a full sampling of ALL the meats (there are about 7 of them). We tried everything.  We ended up with street tacos and regular tacos filled with all the spicy meats and spicy chicken. Very flavorful. The place is set up like Chipotle ....but here's thing, it's way better! It's authentic Mexican food, and there are many combinations of food options. They also have cool wrestling posters and masks that decorate the walls.  There are a few flat screen TV's as well. Cute place, but the food is even more amazing.  What a pleasant surprise. We'll be back.
3	Its a nice taco place. some of the meat fillings stand out as excellent (barbacoa, tinga). most of the carne guisados (meat stews) are are tasty. but real tacos should not have lettuce and tomato on it. cheese, usually not also. real authentic tacos should not have any of that taco bell/chipotle crap on them. the tortillas are mediocre quality also. this place is OK overall, but in no way deserves a 5-star rating.
5	The luchador theme is awesome. Amongst other things, reminds me of Nacho Libre! The burritos are humongous. I'd compare to a fresher, more homemade Chipotle, which I think is great. A few of the meats are on the saltier side but it isn't too bad. Service is also great, they are extremely friendly and helpful. Will definitely go back to try some other things.
5	This place is awesome.  The food is good and the Lucha Libre theme will make you laugh.
5	These are the best tacos in Phoenix. Seriously. Barbacoa, green chili, chicken tinga, all with different, and excellent flavors. Fair warning, if it says spicy here, it is. They also the best churros I've gotten a hold of (served with caramel for dipping).The salsa bar also seems to always have something new, and freshly made. I haven't had one yet I didn't like.You are doing yourself a disservice if you don't come eat here.
5	Average five star user ratings can't be wrong! They hardly need my review but I was so impressed I had to add to them. The owner lady said it's too bad we're vegetarian because her meat stuff is apparently the best. Well, even the vegetarian options were excellent. I've never had a better vegetarian taco salad, and we also had a veggie burrito with a stupendous tomato tortilla.
4	A solid taco spot, 5 star, though?  I reserve that type of rating for a very few.  Fresh toppings and tasty meat, very good.
5	I love this place, tucked away, and I'm not sure how long it's been there. But the tacos are great and the service was fast and friendly. I highly recommend for anyone that wants great food at a reasonable price
5	Santos Lucha Libre is estupendo!!  This is another little gem hidden in the central northern Phoenix area.  It's not far from another little gem, Los Reyes De La Torta.  Santos Lucha Libre is a very unique dinning experience with delicious food and friendly service.  First impression ~ "Nacho Libre" mixed with Chipotle, but I was wrong on both counts!  This place is decorated with loads or lucha libre mask, costumes and really neat artwork on the walls.  It's an "eye - spy" fantasy room that is done very well and yet entertaining.  Their food is served similar to how they do things at the Chipotle but they offer a much larger selection and it taste much better.  They offer asada, pastor, barbacoa, pollo, carnitas and a few other proteins you can have assembled into street tacos, burrito and on a salad.  I had the 5 street tacos with a asada, pollo, carnitas, pastor and barbacoa, some spicy and some normal.  You can choose spicy on I think everything, but the level of heat is pushing my limit so I mixed it up.  everything tasted great!  My son had a burrito and it was packed with asada and it must have weighed 16 oz. I bet.  It was huge!  He loved it but he couldn't finish it.  I've recommended this place to so many people and everyone that has tried it keeps asking me; "when are we going back?!"  I'm looking forward to going back again soon.  I hope to see you there!
5	This is hands down my favorite place for tacos now. Every choice of meat is excellently prepared and delicious. Whatever your tastes desire, you can not go wrong here. Highest recommendation.
5	Seriously tasty made to order taco joint! Great vibe and decor. Tried the enchiladas this time....perfect! Beware of the SUPER hot green salsa....it's lethal but highly addictive! Awesome affordable place to get your mexi fix...LUCHA LIBRE!
5	Every good Mexican restaurant should have a disco ball, wrestling masks and sparkly giant wrestler decals on the wall... the decor was awesome and kept my 4 year old in his seat looking around. The food was awesome, they had us sample all the meats and it was not an easy decision. They have a full range of heat in each meat type so lots of choices. I went with the mildest pork, I usually prefer more heat but the flavor was amazing, it was also not overcooked or dry.  Tons of fresh toppings, I piled mine high then hit the salsa bar for more. We all left with full bellies and excitement to come back again. It's obvious they care about their food here.
5	Holy hot salsa and hot peppers. The food was great and the service was great. Really nice people behind the table!! 5 stars as described
4	Finally decided to try this place and I was definitely impressed!  Warm welcome and when the clerk noticed I might be new she offered samples of everything. I was surprised and grateful. Establishment was clean, food looked fresh and was full of flavor. I have been back twice this week!
5	The food was delicious and the service was great. The gentleman behind the counter was very welcoming and offered us samples of all the meats before ordering. We ordered the street tacos with chicken, beef, and pork. The only thing I was slightly disappointed with was that they were out of rice. Everything else tasted great and fresh. Will definitely be returning soon.
5	I thought 5 stars on yelp for that many reviews?  Well it is true. It is a 5 hands down!  If this place had beer and good margaritas it would be the very best. First of all- not that who is running the place matters on the taste of the food- but the people running the place are great. We had never been here and they jumped right in to have is try all the different meats for our meal. I ordered things i never would have because I tried it first. The atmosphere is all about Mexican wrestlers and the decor is fun and eclectic.  At first you wonder what the place is all about- Especially is in strip mall. The food is delicious and spectacular. I wish we lived here so we could come all the time. The prices are very good.  The meat is shredded which is easier to eat and is braised  in the most delicious juices.  Everything is incredibly fresh.   Excellent experience.
5	I love this place. For a girl who loves Chipotle- I love this place more. I am not from Phoenix but if I was I would eat here at least once a week. I had the burrito which was massive and more than I could have expected. They offered to have us taste the food before we ordered our food seeing as we had never been there before. The decor is tacky but the owner/staff are amazing and more than willing to help you with what ever you want. If they served alcohol this place would have it all- that being said they easily earned five stars. I love this place and recommend it to anyone and everyone.
4	Visited this place due to Tempe owner's suggestion and we were glad we did. Wonderful selection of meats and fresh toppings. You will not be disappointed. Ask for samples of all the delicious meats and go forth in your mixing and matching!
4	Not only did Santos Lucha give me a fantastic idea for my costume this past Halloween they also serve up some really good tacos. I was very indecisive about my meat selections so they welcomed me to a full sampling. They line em up from mild to hot to hotter then hottest. I liked them all but I decided on the vinegar chicken, pastor and conchinita.  They really pack the tacos full of meat and give you a variety of toppings. I was full half way through my last taco. I'll be back for more.
4	Visited this place due to Tempe owner's suggestion and we were glad we did. Wonderful selection of meats and fresh toppings. You will not be disappointed. Ask for samples of all the delicious meats and go forth in your mixing and matching!
5	Friendly, great interior, and awesome food at good prices. They give you free samples of everything! I hope they survive the tough Phoenix restaurant scene. We'll definitely be back!
4	Amazingly spicy meats. Try them all. Great pricing too. Got three different tacos, which are twice the size of most street tacos. Added some chips and guac. So good. Will be back!
4	There is no place else in the valley I've found to have excellent tacos in the company of los luchadores.I've been here twice and the only dissapointment has been that it has not been busier. Both times we dined with one other group in what amounted to an empty dining room. I hope this is because we eat at odd hours.My favorite in those two visits were the fish tacos, though the chicken and beef tacos (spicy) were also excellent. I want to try their street tacos, but have not yet. We also have gotten the handmade guacamole on both visits. It takes longer than the tacos to prepare, but it is fresh and excellent. I would eat among los luchadores more often if we just lived closer.
4	Amazingly spicy meats. Try them all. Great pricing too. Got three different tacos, which are twice the size of most street tacos. Added some chips and guac. So good. Will be back!
3	So I thought this place was gonna be awesome, but sadly I agree with the "average" comments.  I didn't take interest in the food.  If you want great tacos and burritos, eat somewhere else.Santos Lucha Libre is a cute spot.  Clean and decent.  The decor makes it obvious the appeal is for USA americanos and not necessarily Mexican americanos.  I got there before the crowd and took my time assessing the menu.  Typical dishes.  Meats and veggies were already prepared and sitting in the trays, the small salsa bar had some thin salsas sitting out.  El muchacho behind the counter was friendly and accommodating.  He invited me to taste the meats, but when I kindly let him know of my non-flesh desire he insured me that the rice and beans were 100% veggie.  Rice and beans?  Really?  That's all you got?  Just imagine my disappointment.  No spinach...No mushrooms... No cactus...No jackfruit...  No bell peppers and onions... Oh, but they also have breaded cod.  Would I like to eat a greasy deep fried fish taco?  Um, no thanks.  Not today.   But I didn't want to leave empty handed, so I opted for the chips and guacamole.  He added a spoonful of tomatoes to the guac tray before scooping a serving out for me.  Wish he hadn't done that.  Guacamole is one of my fave dips and he just made it taste mediocre.  Chips were mediocre too.Sigh.
4	The food here is super fresh and delicious! They let you try all of the meats before you pick your meal. Everything is made to order like at Chipotle but with way more flavor and variety. When we arrived we were STARVING, like DYING of starvation. No exaggeration. And of course we just happened to walk in after a group of like 9 people and they totally clogged up the works. After us was like four or five people so they became very quickly overwhelmed by the sudden rush of people. When we went to eat our food in the dining area, almost every table was covered with dirty dishes. I guess the people who had come in to eat didn't understand you're supposed to clear off your stuff. Other than the service hiccup, I would definitely come back to eat here. The prices are great too!
4	Incredible service, great food, and unassuming prices. This place was a gem. Well worth the drive into the Northern Phoenix area, and the restaurnat environment was fun and relaxed. Extra points for a deep soundtrack being played.
4	Everything is very fresh and they are absolutely telling the truth when they say "spicy". I'm coming back when I need a heat fix.
