4	The first time I came here it was prime lunchtime on a weekend and it was crazy...the line was out the door.Then I came at lunchtime during the week about a year later and it was dead. Anyway, I always hear people talking about it like it's the bee's knees, but I think it's just ok.You order at the counter, pay at the counter and they bring it out to your table. Pretty fast about it, too, so it's do-able for a work lunch. they have a salad bar that may or not be included in every order... i couldn't tell. There are also outside tables.
4	The only thing I would change about Jason's Deli is the location. I want it much, much closer to where I work so I don't have to travel fifteen minutes to lunch there, indulge in an massive, awesome meal and end up trying to sneak a super extended lunch past the bosses upon my return. But before I get started, I'm going to throw out a disclaimer. I've only been to Jason's Deli once due to the distance.(My internal feud over whether to admit my inexperience went like this:We've only been once, so how do we know it wasn't a fluke?Well it was fucking delicious. So check.But maybe the next time we go it'll taste like rat jerky and the service will suck? The croissant was buttery heaven, the soup was full of flavor, the strawberries were ruby red gems of sweetness and the meal was so big we had it for lunch and dinner! I think that's check and mate, good sir.Gah! Yeah, but we've Only. Been. Once. Is any of this getting through to you?Uh, fine you panty-waisted pansy. Post your disclaimer. You just gave me reason to rave even harder.   ...douche.)It's very reminiscent of Miracle Mile in the way it's arranged, with cafeteria style seating and a queue (I just wanted to use that word) where you order, file through, pay for your meal and wait for them to call your magic number or bring it to your table.  First, the menu is massive with everything from fancy potatoes and pasta dishes to muffalettas and "slimwiches." There are to-go menus hanging out by the door so you can take your time wavering between the po'boy and the panini before you even get close to the guy that takes your order, a refreshing change compared to the hustle and bustle, "Move along cattle!" type treatment you get at Miracle Mile. They have a ginormous all-you-can-eat salad bar off to the side with deli salads (potato, pasta, fruit, etcetera), gingerbread muffins and tons of organic veggies. I won't lie. It was tempting. The prices are also way reasonable compared to Miracle Mile, with gargantuan sandwiches, big dressed potatoes and plentiful salads between six and seven bucks. Seriously, nothing on the menu is over seven bucks except for the muffalettas (which are fun to say, but I only have a vague idea what the heck they are).Go with the Manager's Half Sandwich Deal. Just trust me on this. It's 6.79 and is half a sandwich (muffs excluded, but they have their own quarter meal deal for 6.99) and your choice of soup, fruit or a side salad. One sneaky little surprise, if the sandwich on the menu says it comes with chips, a pickle, veggies, fruit, whatever (and most of them do), you still get that item in addition to your choice of side! It's a mountain of food, and the half sandwich resembles what a full sandwich would at regular delis (Fancy Pants Mile excluded).I had the California Club, which came with turkey, guacamole, tomato, sprouts, bacon, swiss, and mayo on a buttery, flaky croissant. It was the things dreams are made of. The Texas chili was pretty good, but Mr. Man's tomato basil soup was rockin', and the fresh fruit was sweet and delicious.And when you leave, feel free to wander up to the register and help yourself to to-go box (you're probably going to need it) and a super sturdy plastic to-go cup. Seriously. This is my new office cup. It's as sturdy if not sturdier as any cheap plastic ware you'd buy from Target. Yeah, it's official. This place is the bee's knees.
4	I have been to this Jason's on several occcasions in my day.  It's kind of in a weird location, and basically a pain in the butt to get too.  its immediately before the I-10, so if you miss the drive way, you have to go totally out of your way to turn around.Anyways, I came here to eat since I was to lazy to cook anything for dinner.  They have huge deli sized portions, and one sandwich easily feeds two people.  My mom and I split a sandwich when we ate at the one on the west side, many moons ago.Anyways, I think their menu selection is decent.  Large enough to please most peoples pallets, but from personal experience, I don't think thier menus anything to throw a stick at.It seems that most of Jason's Deli's are set up the same.  Large self seating area, with booths and tables.  They have a carry out section, along with a dine in section.  I studied the menu and placed my order.  The girl behind the counter did a decent job, but what frustrated me was the order delivery/pick up.  While I was waiting for my order, my mom called.  I decided to take the call at a table, and I ended up finding out that my food had been ready.  I guess it was a little confusing since I had a number on my table that they would just walk it out.  I guess I had to pick it up myself.  I didn't like that!  I was obviously on the phone, and the guy saw this.  He called me over, and I had to manuver this heavy tray while on my cell.  Usually, I've had the food walked out!Anyways, I ended up dining in. I had half the sandwich wrapped, and ate half at the resturant with a tasty ceaser salad.This place is great for kids, family, friends, dates etc. Just a note, the portions here are GINORMOUS.
3	I have a Love/Hate Relationship with Jason's.I LOVE that:~They have a Huge Menu of sandwiches, salads, soups, pasta etc.~They have baked potatoes bigger than my head~Their simple but perfect salad bar~The ginger bread muffins at the salad bar * 1 reason alone to go*~The assortment of wrapped crackers at the salad bar~Everything  looks so good and is so big~They always have some new "special" when I go in~If you have room after lunch you can help your self to a soft serve ice cream coneI HATE that:~They are always packed liked sardines~They aren't very clean~They serve a pile of greasy broken ruffles with the sandwiches~The Tuna isn't good~There is barely room to walk between the tables~The sandwiches aren't ever as good as I want them to be, but are OK nonetheless (see pics)***3.5 stars
2	This place is so overrated. The food is mediocre at best. The seating is horribly packed together and feels like a elementary school cafeteria. The layout of where you order is awkward and confusing. I got the spaghetti and meatballs and the garlic bread was stale and not hot with like a finger sized stripe of garlic butter on it. I would take subway over Jasons deli. It was such a disappointment since I heard it was so good.
4	On the 10 freeway heading for Tucson, hungry, pulled into an "in and out burger" no room at the inn! standing room only, so we bailed and a block away passed Jason's Deli Wow,it was great, fast and delicious. I have eaten at Cantors deli in West Hollywood and several famous Jewish delis Jasons was an equal.
4	I went to Jason's on Saturday night for the first time. I ended up with a side salad and a baked potato. I didn't think you could have a baked potato that big! The potato was huge and could have been a meal by itself. Large selection of items to choose from. I wish there was a few more vegtables at the salad bar and had more crouton options. I will have to head back to try the sandwiches.
4	I loved our sandwiches and the complimentary low cal ice cream was a huge plus. We ordered takeout.  I had the california club on a new orleans french roll. It was wonderful - crispy french roll, guacamole, sprouts, tomato, turkey and swiss. Everything tasted fresh and looked prepared with love. Nothing looked pre-made. Husband had the pastrami melt - it was delish - I dare say I liked his sandwhich more than mine. I am just so happy to have found a deli near Ahwatukee that isn't full of pre-made sandwiches on nasty bread.....Jason's Deli will be our new favorite close to home.
4	I went to Jason's Deli on a recommendation from friends, knowing that I'm a soup/salad/sandwich-type food lover. But, I'd say that I'm pretty picky about which places I like, because if you're going to get me to pay $7 for a sandwich, it better be darn good. Jason's Deli was good. I'd definitely go again. I had a half ham & swiss on french bread and a cup of their cheddar broccoli soup. Yummy. They also have a huge salad bar that I'd like to try out on my next visit. Downside- all sandwiches come with a handful of potato chips. Wondering if they have any alternative for those of us not a fan of greasy chips? Will find out on the next tripPS, outdoor seating, FTW
4	Did a take out order. That is how we normally eat jason's deli. This was my first time at this particular location...This particular Jason's deli did not look as clean as others that I have been to. It was very disorganized and small. They were only slightly busy during lunch time which is surprising because all the other Jason's deli's are typically packed during this time. Their salad bar looked very small and unappealing. The tuna melt was awesome. They serve it with chips and a pickle. We also got some mini cornbread muffins. They are really good! Really satisfies my craving for cornbread. Yumm...Service was okay. Not everyone greets you. The takeout counter people were very nice.
3	Lunch at Jason's Deli is always enjoyable for me for some reason or another. I really want to love this place, but I just can't...I'm stuck in 'like' mode. You get a LOT of food here which is a plus, the employees are super friendly, and the location is conveniently off the I-10. I got the french dip and salad bar and the food was delicious, see? All great reasons to love this place, but... The bathroom was...awful. It was dirty and stinky...VERY stinky. The dining space is really cramped. There is barely enough room to shimmy between the tables and chairs when there is no one sitting in them...so it complicates things when people start sitting down to eat. The layout from ordering, to paying, to receiving is weird, the salad bar area is cramped...I just feel so claustrophobic when I'm there, which doesn't make sense because this location is basically an open room with one low wall... The salad bar was well stocked, clean-ish, and of course the food was good - I will keep going and enjoying the food, but I will probably always feel uncomfortable.
4	We need this kind of place on the peninsula.  It is big, friendly, tasty,  and cheap.  Picture a deli that rivals the size of a local Safeway, staffed with patient people who are willing to help you navigate a gigantic menu of sandwiches, soups and salads.  I had two different sadwiches on two different occasions.  The italian po boy was excellent.  It was too big, but otherwise perfect.  Later I had the meatball, which is good, but I the italian is better.On top of the good sandwiches, they barrage you with free corn muffins, garlic toast, and ice cream.  People pile it sky high on plates - a great way to ensure they get full in case the 1,200 calorie sandwich does not do the trick.Yum.
4	Stopped in for a bite while my car was being worked on at a local dealership. Pleasantly surprised at the quality and portion size of my lunch. Service was great and the price was right. I will be back.
5	I looooove Jason's Deli.  I would have to say it's one of the best Deli's I have ever been to.... Ever!  I order from there all the time and never get sick of it. They have a huge menu, which typically will make me leery of a place, because really, who can perfect that many items?.... Jason's!  All their food is made fresh to order, and they will modify anything on the menu to meet your needs.  Their online ordering system is easy to use and allows you to save your favorite orders.   They also have a great salad bar and their soups are fantastic.  My favorite is their vegetarian French onion soup, served in a bowl with boiling hot provolone cheese,  yum!  You will leave stuffed to the max or with leftovers, but don't forget to grab a complimentary ice cream cone on your way out.
4	Great food at reasonable prices. Not the most comfortable seating and the tables are crammed together pretty tight, but again the food is worth the trip.
3	So Far, So Good. I only come here during lunch. The first few times, I got food to go just because the eat in line was pretty long. I took several family members to this place and they really loved the sandwiches. After reading, other reviews of this place. I do agree with the cramped seating. There's no privacy while your eating. The sandwiches are really good. It's like eating at Paradise Bakery but cheaper. Kind of, anyway. The fruit is sometimes sweet, sometimes tart and not enough to finish the fruit dip that comes with it. The croissant bread is a bit to crunchy, flaky for me. If my lunch hour permits, I will return for the sandwiches and all you can eat ice cream.  Opps, did I not mention it? Well, if your dining in free ice cream.
5	Sick, need the best chicken noodle soup that Mom didn't make?  Come to Jason's! Plentiful moist chicken, plump egg noodles and perfect broth are available everyday for $4 something a bowl. Sick or not I'll drive to pick up a bowl to-go!My favorite sandwich is the pastrami & turkey on an onion roll, called  "Bird to the wise". Lots of pastrami and just a touch of turkey make you feel better about this indulgence.  Large fresh salad bar, frozen yogurt and bottomless soda machine are just the bonuses. Happy eating!
4	I've never dined-in at JD, but I've had many a boxed lunch on trips where we had them cater meals for us. The trip to u of eh for the game last night is an example of such. I ordered a turkey sammy on white and what's what I got. They put SO MUCH meat on these sandwiches it should be sinful. Unfortunately, the sandwich is just meat, tomatoes, and lettuce (mayo and mustard included in the box), but the bread is so moist that it's really okay. It's probably one of the best, basic turkey sandwiches I could ask for. Plus they're chips and cookies are really good. Judging from the reviews I should probably stop in one of these days....
4	This place was awesome! I had just got done with the p.f. Changs rock n marathon and was so hungry! Came here with a couple of friends that live in Tempe and man my mouth was not disappointed we came here! First of all mind you I am on a diet so I am watching my calories and right away I discovered they had a lighter side part of the menu! Score! I had the club with homemade organic chips with a homemade salsa it was amazing! They also have a salad bar to choose from that looked pretty extensive. I grabbed a few baguettes of the garlic type while we waited and some small bran muffins which were tasty. We sat outside for our food which was awesome and it didn't take long for it to be delivered to the table.+++ It was really good and filling and a steal for only 450 calories the chips were nice and crisp and the salsa really fresh. When in the Phoenix area again or any where else there is a Jasons I will most definitely be going again!
3	I've eaten at Jason's Deli elsewhere in the country and state (it's a popular 'safe' dining location), and this one is pretty typical.  The food is pretty decent, nothing great, but for soup and sandwich it's not bad. The free soft serve and muffins are a nice perk.  I wish the employees here were as enthusiastic as the ones in Shea though. Maybe I'm always dealing with the manager there or something, but eating here was a bit of a disappointment to me, honestly, in that regard.  Perfectly acceptable, not a bad place for an evening meal with a group, when you want someplace no one is going to have issue with.
4	I generally get "take out", and the food is consistently good. I especially recommend the Tomato Basil Soup! This is no watery tomato soup. It's full of chunks of tomato, and is very flavorful. I also recommend the Ranchero Wrap if you enjoy "spicy". Since it's a wrap it's (relatively) low-carb, and it's very flavorful. Recommended!The Tuna Wrap, on the other hand, isn't anything special. Although it has lots of tuna, it's just not very flavorful.
4	As a mom of two, Jason's Deli is awesome. The ingredients are fresh and healthy, and the kid's meals are huge and priced right. For my young kids (4 and 2), one meal is enough for them to share. For bigger kids, it seems they could be eating off the kid's meal longer than at some places. Add speedy delivery of food and free self-serve ice cream at the end, and this is one happy mom!
5	We come to jasons all the time, we love it! My favorite is the club sandwich with the chicken pot pie soup, so so good! I like that they put a lot of meat on their sandwiches so you don't feel like you're getting jipped (like subway). Everything always tastes fresh and your food gets done quick, which is surprising considering they are usually so busy. Yum!
4	Maybe not the most filling sammmmich I've ever had... but good. It always is. I went there late a night and sat by myself (sad, I know) and just played scrabble on my phone. Maybe someone from Yelp will come keep me company next time!
3	Food good. Service mediocre at best... 10 workers three customers and no greeting at all... Made me feel like I was bothering him...
3	Ok usually I come to jason's deli for a sandwich, which they do well. This time however, I ordered a "Big Chef" salad to go. I get back to work and find iceberg lettuce with sandwich meat thrown in a box! What the hell Jason's?! Maybe I should've gone to the grocery store and bought Lunchables instead!
3	Legitimate on-the-go lunch stop.   The sandwichs are good and definitely a step up from subway type shops.  Prices are reasonable.  One gripe is that both times I've been there for to-go, the sandwiches took 10-15 minutes to make (from the time I paid until the time I had the sandwich).
2	the Sandwich had too much mustard on it... place was empty and service was just okay.. no more kids eat free on wednesdays which was why i went there
4	Wonderful sandwiches, good soup and an amazing salad bar.Need I write more?Oh alright, but only because you like to read my crazy quips.I get the Ruben but prefer mustard over thousand island dressing.  I like corned beef with thousand and pastrami with mustard (just for your knowledge).The salad bar is amazing.  Different types of lettuce plus spinach.  The normal round of vegetables, beans and fruit. Plus, green olives, I really like green olives.  Many dressings to choose from.I could swim in their soups, but I wont; for many reasons.  They are thick and flavorful. Hot out of the kettle, no semi-warm soup here.Itls a sandwich place so do not expect linen table clothes and suited servers.  You pay, get a number and find you're own place to hunker down.  I'm cool with that.And the best quip for last: FREE ice cream cone.I don't believe there is anything more that needs to be said.
4	Love their salad bar, so much to eat, not as much as sweet tomatoes but good nevertheless! Only suggestion would b if they can get the labels on foods, bcs for people like me who don't eat meat its very difficult to figure out that there's tuna in one of their salads without a label! I almost ate it, so I hope they take this into account! My best is the whole boiled eggs though :)
3	On the way over I was arguing with my wife on the phone.  When I got there I was all pumped up.  I ordered the salad bar.  My friend ordered a tuna sandwich.  We both had water.I made a pretty basic salad: iceberg, greens and baby spinach; red onion; olives; pumpernickel croutons; other things and balsamic vinagrette.  Those little ginger muffins they have are siq.  I had a bunch of them.I spilled my guts to my homie about my situation.  He listened pretty well.  I felt a little better afterward and a little awkard.  Lunch was pretty good though.
5	Best salad bar ever!
5	Always get delicious deli food here.  Subs are excellent, lots to choose from, and fast & friendly service.  The is very affordable too.  My favorite sub here is the Italian Cruz Po' Boy.  It is not on the menu anymore, it was on there old menu, but is still available. =)
2	I proceeded to watch the four people who ordered behind me get their food before me. All I had was a potato. One guy behind me got the same thing I did (just a larger version) and got his before I did. And when I finally got my potato, it barely had any toppings on it. Really dry. Not tasty. Saving grace is the free ice cream you get.
2	Frequent slow/inaccurate orders.  This is not one of the better valley locations.  Metro center is the one to beat.  On my two of my three visits here, its taken nearly 20 minutes to get my order.  One of those two visits they did it incorrectly, and I had to switch the order to go as they burned up my lunch hour with their mistake.  Another to go order the dressing with my salad was watered down and it was caesar.  It ran like it was vinagerette.  I've mentioned the services issues to their manager.  First time they only apologized, never gave me reason to come back.  After three tries with this location, I'll stick with Metro center.
4	Best Beef Eater (French dip). The bread was perfect.
2	This place is a good manager away from being the best deli in town. Sometimes you get a hot sandwich on a cold roll, sometimes you get a great sandwich on very average bread, sometimes the lettuce & tomato are after thoughts... I guess what I'm trying to say is the ingredients are top shelf but the details are missed. If the manager ate there he/she would know what I mean and correct it. Great service, very clean and free ice cream!!! :)
4	I routinely order Jason's Deli sandwich and wrap trays for working lunches at my office.  Ordering from their online site is a cinch and delivery is always a few minutes early, or on time to the minute.  Their delivery drivers are also professional and friendly as well.  The food is always fresh and delicious each and every time, and it always comes with all the plates, napkins, utensils, ice, cups and other accoutrements needed to serve it too.  Among my personal favorite items from Jason's are their wraps, and in particular their vegetarian wrap with mushrooms, Asiago cheese, bell peppers and Romaine lettuce).  Their Chicken Alfredo pasta is just amazing for lunch on a cold day and another favorite item for a cold day is their Tomato Basil soup which is absolutely delicious and served with a side of soft bread.  Another big plus about catering from Jason's Deli for work lunches is that you accumulate 'Deli Dollars' with each order and over the course of a year's worth of office lunches I had accumulated enough Deli Dollars to pay for all the food for my teenage daughter's 15th birthday party.  Then by the next year I had accumulated enough Deli Dollars once again to cater the food my baby daughter's 1st birthday.  It was wonderful to be able to hold each birthday party for the girls and not have to worry at all about preparing the food.I had Jason's Deli catered in today and the only thing wrong with today's lunch was that the pasta salad was very oily (which isn't normal for them) but aside from that I have absolutely no complaints about today's lunch delivery...Rock on Jason's, rock on.
4	Beefeater sandwich was great!
3	I had a California club... came on a croissant which was surprising, but tasty.  Too much mayo. Chips were just plain Ruffles.
3	Jason's Deli is perfectly average for a quick lunch.  They have a large menu with sandwiches, wraps, salads, and soups. The food is average quality, but the prices are reasonable. The service is friendly. I recently tried a southwest chick wrap and was underwhelmed. The chicken chunks were too large and dried out. The wrap was overpowered by jalapenos and the sauce was runny.  But I've had the Reuben here and it was pretty good.  I like to stop by Jason's for a quick lunch, but there are many, many better deli's out there.
4	I come here for lunch a lot and it's always been good. I always get the same thing, the club lite and it's amazing. The fruit is always good and I'm such a huge fan of the ginger bead mini muffins. If you take the time to do the survey on your receipt, you can get a free cookie on the next visit. The prices are ok, the service is great and the food is probably the healthiest I eat.
1	I just hung up.... 21 mintues on hold, no one came to the phone. The first call my phone died after 6 minutes on hold. I promptly  called back on my house phone (for the younger generation...a house phone is a handheld phone that plugs into the wall).20minutes (and counting) on hold to place a take-out during a non-rush hour?Fine... you lost a customer today, next time I will bring my awful kids and they will clear your restaurant.I have to add this.... I didn't get to place the order.My husband went in and guess what... he called me from JD and tells me the store was EMPTY and they didn't receive any calls! Bull crap I have records!!While writing this update my husband walks in and he tells me it was the MANAGER that said no one called the store... uhhh... 2 times, 1st time was a young man and the 2nd time was a young girl.Husband said there was a young man next to the manager that had a "look" on his face.... he knows we called.
4	This might be my new favorite spot when I am looking for a sandwich... I tried a chicken pesto panini and a coup of soup and it was really delicious!  They have a really great looking salad bar that I will try when I dine in (both times I've been, I've called for pick up).  The place looks clean and the staff is friendly, and they gave me a coupon for a free cookie if I took a quick online survey.  They have options for every type of diet and is really good about including nutrition information for their menu.  I will definitely return!
4	Mediterranean wrap is so good! Great service and fresh foods for a reasonable price. Yum!
4	..a pleasant dining experience.  My favorite? -Their hard boiled eggs. Yep.  :)
4	Definitely a favorite Lunch spot! My friends and I eat here often. Yummy sandwiches, soup and salad- all for a really great price. I love the newly remodeled look and open seating, specially the patio area when the weather is nice. The staff is friendly and helpful, which is always a plus for me. Be warned the portions are very generous! The Muffalettas are no joke! Their salad bar is a great option if you're not sure what you're in the mood for. Trying out the day's special is usually not a bad choice either. The only complaint I have is that I really like their pasta & meatballs except they no longer have spaghetti- only bow-ties and penne now. I hope they bring back spaghetti!!! Enjoy their complimentary mini muffins and end your meal w/ their free low-fat frozen yogurt!
4	Stopped in here for lunch today, joined by Scott W., Jackie C. & Mike C.  For this first visit ever to a Jason's I went with a half pound hot Pastrami on Rye ($7.29) & Side Salad ($3.99) which is one trip to their nice Salad Bar with a medium-sized bowl.  It was all very good...  & half-sandwich + the trip to the salad bar ($8.99) would have been enough.     :-))
4	Met Rand H and Mike C and Jackie C here for lunch today.  For a chain they do a pretty good job of making sandwiches, salads and soups.  And in the American tradition almost anything you order is more than you really need.  But it is good and you keep eating! :)
3	While the sweet people working the counter were all smiles and helpful and patient, the experience was just "okay."  The variety of choices at Jason's is great for sandwiches, salads, and pastas.  The taste was simply "okay."  I had a southwest wrap and each half of the wrap only had one piece of grilled chicken.  Strange, right?  This was made up for with an abundance of cheese, which I fully support, but what happened to my chicken?  The area where you get drinks, near the salad area, was pretty messy.  Just crumbs and spills as you'd expect, I guess, but I expect more.  My favorite part was free ice cream at the end of my meal - ice cream and free?  Heck yes!
4	This was my first time in Jason's deli.  It is very clean, organized and quick which is important for lunchtime.  They have a variety of things to choose from on the menu from soup, salad, sandwiches, wraps and regular meals.  The staff was friendly and helpful and the food was fresh.I would like to see the calories for all of the items on the menu, not just the wraps.  Otherwise I have no other suggestions for improvement!Another bonus:Free frozen yogurt with a purchase of your meal!  And they have chocolate sauce with it!  Definitely try it out for your sandwich option.
4	One of my usual hangouts for lunch.  I'm rarely disappointed.  The quality of the sandwiches is high, the salad bar is pretty solid, and and the service is always friendly.  My favorite is the Roast Beef, which comes with chips.
5	This is one of my families usual places for a quick dinner out.  The kids Alfredo bowtie pasta with chicken is a nice change from the staple Mac and cheese.  Not knocking it though, the Mac and cheese is extra cheesy and a favorite!
4	We've been to this Jason's Deli.   Sandwiches and soups are always delicious. Today I had the Chicken Panini which was very moist and flavorful with the tomato basil soup which had tons of tomato chunks and is always my favorite.The service is usually good, but today they got my husband and my son's order wrong.  They promptly corrected it and apologized.I would definitely come here again!
4	Great place to eat. Food always taste fresh. Frequently visit ray road location. Ice machine always seems to be broke. Kind of unsanitary to scoop ice with scooper laying in the ice.
5	I love the food here but what I love the most are the people who work here. The employees are very great customer service providers and they thrive to go out of their way to be friendly. Thank you!
2	This was the first time in a long time that I actually ordered the soup and sandwich.  I got a coke and the machine doused me with soda by spraying all over the place. Other people were having the same problem. Got my potato soup and it was cold.  The cheese on top wouldn't even melt.  My tuna sandwiches was tasteless.  The bread was toasted and the tuna had eggs in it.  There was no flavor to it. I could make this bad of a tuna sandwich at home. That's why I don't eat tuna sandwiches at home I'm not good at it.  When I come here I'll just stick to the salad bar where if I don't make it right it would be my own fault.
4	This little chain is inexpensive with good food. It features sandwiches, rich soups, salad bar and soft ice-cream that comes with the meal.I had their beef stew and half a toasted cheese sandwich. The soup will filling though it could have used a little more meat. The sandwich was average. Others in the group said their sandwiches and salads were very good. The place was clean and the service was above average. The manager came to the table of a customer next to us to set up a large order for a later date and was willing to customize it for her.
