3	I brought my mom and my 93-year-old grandmother out to Denny's for Thanksgiving.  We decided it would be the best idea for my grandma, as she is in a wheelchair.  We were seated immediately at a nice clean table, and we each ordered a turkey dinner, fittingly. I would have given this place 4 stars, as our waitress was super friendly and personable, but a couple things were a little off, especially on a holiday.  Our server didn't seem to know what type of side dishes or desserts were available that day; I sort of raised an eyebrow to this because, well, isn't that her job to know?  Second, she seemed too flustered to do anything efficiently, but she eventually got us our requested extra gravy and butter.  The food was excellent, I was rather impressed with how good their turkey and stuffing were, as well as the bread and potatoes.  The green beans were a little.... hard to chew, I guess.  They were tough, and that made it hard for my grandma to eat.All in all, it was a good experience, and I'm glad I was able to spend it with my grandma.  I've been alive for 30 years, and this is the first Thanksgiving I've been able to spend with her.  I'm grateful we were able to go such a good restaurant and have a good time together.  Thanks Denny's!  Just remember, educate your employees about what food you have available!  :)
1	Smelled like pee, had tweekers standing outside looking like they couldn't wait to break into your car the minute you walked inside & no one noticed us or seated us so we left. Won't go back there ever again.
1	Walked in and smells like urine really bad. So we are going to a different Denny's
2	I've yet to have a truly bad experience here, but the food takes an Eternity, the staff seem to hate working there and frequently forget to come back to the table. we live right by this denny's, and yet when we do our denny's get-togethers (unlimited pancakes are one of the few pluses.) We would much rather drive the extra few miles to the one on country club and southern.
1	I will make a long story short, I ordered the build your own burger. I asked for a beef patty and the patty was literally falling apart. It was more like a ground beef nugget burger. Shake my head! I guess they thought that slapping some cheese on top would help keep all the pieces together...FAIL. From now on, I'll be making a drive all the way down to Stapley and Baseline for a les sub par Denny's experience.
5	Been coming here an average of once a week for overs year and got to know most of the staff and service is great! I'm treated very well and in the mornings after work I'm greeted with cheerful waiters eager to make my breakfast a great Denny's experience. Awesome customer service, I never had a problem with my order and this place is excellent in refilling my drink, will keep coming plus they proved free wifi for a geek tetchy gamer I am.
5	Great service. Great food and never ending sodas.
3	Went with a group of 8.  The hostess seemed nervous about finding a table for us and that process was a bit slow.  We were not told that kids eat free on Tuesday nights and that would have changed our order from the beginning.  Grilled cheese and french fries were good.
5	Awesome service and food!!! Massively above typical Denny's.  great job management!!!
4	Stephanie (waitress) was extremely knowledgeable about the establishment and was kind enough to share the history with us. Apparently it was a burger joint that burned down. The burger joint was rebuilt as a diner. Denny's purchased it from the owner and turned it into a Denny's with a diner feel. Stephanie did check in on us, but the food took forever to arrive. The bathroom was not clean... Which is one of the reasons I dislike public restrooms. Overall, Stephanie was attentive and friendly. Food was okay but what do you expect from Denny's. ;-)
1	I ordered a root beer and then the waitress disappeared completely. A different waitress appeared approximately 25 minutes later and apologized for the long wait, then proceeded to take my order. After what seemed like an eternity, my chicken fried steak appeared in front of me. The eggs were soggy and the hashbrowns were burnt. I finished my drink and got a refill, but when I sipped the freshly refilled beverage I realized it was Dr. Pepper and not root beer. I forgot to mention the entire facility smelled of cat urine. I would say this restaurant has set the bar for which all other Denny's should be measured and it is worth noting that I will be returning here again for the outstanding experience.
3	Waitress's service was not good. Dishers left some green stuff at the bottom (inside) of my cup, and I noticed this towards my last sips. Also, the waitress did not bring my friend's change- it was not much, but who does that. We waited a while and then decided to leave. On the other side, the food was satisfying. 3 stars overall.
1	Poor service and was not impressed by the food. Wait staff didn't seem interested when taking our order. I had breakfast, the eggs were burnt and rubbery and the pancakes has sat under the warmer too long and did not taste fresh. Definitely won't be back here
5	Great waffles. Breakfast all day. Just awesome. Waitress will work with you.  Explain everything.
4	We enjoyed a good meal here at Denny's. There were 4 in our party. The server kept our drinks full. The food was pretty good. I would say that this was a real value. The host was very warm and friendly. We had a nice view outside.
