1	What a waste! Got there at around 5:30 p.m. and there were already about 10 people in line with only 2 reps at the counter. Saw many people walking in and out and then we had to yell to one of them to get more coverage at the counter. They did...sent in one new person and one left! I was a blue chip member before but I will never use them again!
1	Worst service ever ! My daughter was getting married and needed to drive to Cedar City, UT. 11:30am on a Saturday, the line looked like Disneyland. There were 3 people at the counters and one of them left as soon as we got there. Everyone in line seemed to have their online paperwork ready but it took us over an hour and a half to get  to our car.The guy that helped me was bordering on rude and curt. How does anyone run a business like this. I will never rent from Thrifty again.
1	Well, I have rented from Thrifty for YEARS. I would normally give them at least 4 stars, howerver my most recent visit with them was a NIGHTMARE! Not only for myself but for all guests in line.  When I arrived the line was 9 guests deep and they had only 2 agents out of 6 working.  I was there almost 2 hours standing in line.  The counter next to us was Dollar who had all agents working....Get it together Thrifty!
1	Never again.1)  Like the other reviewers, we arrived at the McCarran Rental Car Center via the shuttle, to find 10-12 customers in line, and two agents at the counter to process them.  I guess I was lucky - one agent left the counter for a break or lunch (I have no problem with that).  Eventually, another agent came from the back to replace him.  We waited 25 minutes to reach an agent.2)  It becomes quickly evident that these agents hold the keys to whatever vehicle you want to rent, but their primary or secondary job is to upsell you the expensive insurance(s) that ride hand-in-hand with rental car companies.  I had a spirited exchange with the agent.  I told him 4 times that I believed that my personal CSAA insurance, and renting with an American Express card should fully cover me.  I only relented when I honestly felt he would not give me a car until I accepted his $25 a day damage waiver (LDW1)3)  I was asked if I wanted to buy pre-paid fuel.  At first, I declined.  But then they apply a sticker to your rental agreement that reads "Important Notice: Please be advised if you do not purchase our Prepaid Fuel Option, you are required to bring a receipt showing you filled the vehicle within 10 miles of the return location.  Failure to do so will result in a fuel surcharge for fuel used, as noted on your rental agreement".I get it - bring the car back full.  I always have in the past.  But document that ?  Why not read the fuel gauge ?  For the record, their price was $3.88 per gallon.  I returned the car 1/4 full, so they made a couple of bucks there.4)  Their employee in the parking garage, who we were told would escort us to our vehicle, basically pointed at the 'row' (3) of compact cars, and told us 'pick one'.  I didn't expect help with the luggage, but it would have been nice if he could have shown us how to open the trunk.5)  The car we were assigned needs, or will soon need, a 4 tire change.  Not a rotation.  @ 40,000 miles, it's time for new tires...6)  I was quoted, on line, $56.37.  3 days @ $18.79 per day.My final charges ?The quoted $56.37 plus damage waiver (LDW1) of $77.10, Prepaid Fuel of $47.86, Customer Facility Charge of $11.25, Vehicle License Fee of $4.50, Airport Access Fee of $18.58, State Tax of $7.35, Rental Tax of $20.14.Grand Total = $243.15.I seldom rent cars, and I'm sure this is all disclosed in the voluminous small print in the contract.  I was given the estimate and I took the car anyway.  My bad, but my wife had plans in Las Vegas that required a car.If you decide to deal with Thrifty, do your due diligence, ask ALL your questions, and don't be bullied by their agent...
1	Don't ever rent from this Thrifty/Dollar.Long waits, agents take very long, never, ever again.
1	Arrived Las Vegas airport today @230pm, rented a car from THRIFTY CAR RENTAL.... Customer service at counter SUCKED!!! Agent started off by saying it would take 90 min for car to be ready.... Does not matter if you have a reservation .. Should we continue? If I did not agree I could go else where.. But all others had lines and I did not have a res anywhere else.... Got better cause I went down to get car and one young thrifty worker had 200 times better customer service.... He should be promoted.... Thanks for the help
3	Ok!!!! Update with thrifty rental car service....  Had to call in for road side service some how a huge nail was attracted to my rear right tire... Road side service was there with in. 5 mins....  Called to exchange car today customer service with corporate office was Excellent.... Exchange of vehicle took less than 30 min... They even let me pick the vehicle.... Customer service improved a lot... Feels like they read my review....
