4	This Baja Fresh establishment is in the Excalibur Hotel. We ate here on our last day in Vegas. I love Baja Fresh and we were excited to see one in our hotel. (It's located upstairs) I always get their Burrito Ultimo! It's fast and cheap, and they don't use lard, either! Their fish tacos are bomb and their brown looking salsa is my absolute favorite! Mmmm, I should have Baja Fresh for lunch tomorrow! :-)
4	Dear Baja Fresh,Thank you for saving me from so many hangovers each time that I have stayed at the Excalibur Hotel in Vegas.  Your food is not so greasy that it makes me gag, but it is just greasy enough to soak up the excess alcohol from whichever club I had partied at the night before.  Thank you for making me quesadillas with extra cheese and for including guacamole in the price.  I love you,Courtney
4	The average order for two people will probably hit somewhere around $20-22, depending on the type of burrito you choose, and if you get drinks (you'll need them, especially if you get a spicier item). I had the Nacho Burrito, which was incredibly spicy (they warn you), but also fairly yummy. Boyfriend ate the Ultimo Burrito and enjoyed it as well. All in all, no, these are the most flavorful burritos in the world, but they're cooked fast, are incredibly filling, and are about the cheapest food item you'll be able to find within the Excalibur (save for a couple of choices in the Food Court upstairs, but unless you want to eat McDonald's every night of your trip... well, you get the idea).The burritos themselves are massive, and come with tortilla chips. You can then choose from a variety of salsas and such to make the meal complete - the Mango salsa is a nice combo of sweet and spicy, if you're willing to try something different.For someone staying in Tower II, this is the closest actual food joint you'll come across, so bonus points for location. Speedy, helpful staff earn more bonus points, but unfortunately, you may get annoyed if you don't take your food to go from the obnoxious assholes screaming at Dick's just down the hall. To be fair, not the fault of Baja Fresh, so this doesn't affect the score - just a word of warning.
5	Baja Fresh is probably the best place to grab a cheap, good bite to eat inside the Excalibur. While staying for a week, we ate here twice and probably would have more if we had known it was this good. It's also conveniently located near the Tower II elevators, so if you're staying there it's a good bet.The first trip, I had the Ultimo Burrito which was very filling and delicious. Not too spicy, but flavorful all the same. Each dish comes with a healthy serving of tortilla chips and you get to choose your own dipping sauce at a little bar at the back of the restaurant.On our second trip, I had the Cheese Quesadillas and we ordered a plate of Cheese and Bean Nachos to split. We were both filled to the brim with cheesy and bean goodness. If you walk away from this place hungry, it's your own fault. With drinks, our total came out to be around $21.Staying at the Excalibur, are on a budget and don't want to eat at McDonald's every day and night? Eat at Baja Fresh, I'm willing to bet you won't be disappointed.
2	wow really?  everyone seems to love this place.now i get it.  if you're staying at the excalibur i understand. convenience, price, proximity to elevators.hell i even fell into to coming here as well.  but theres a reason i dont eat baja fresh at home and it became painfully apparent why i dont.got the chicken quesadilla and it was gross.  plus for 2 of those bad boys it was 20 bux.  really?  ok......
5	Delicious!!  Ate here twice while I was at the Excalibur.
5	WOW! My friends and I ate here during our stay at Excalibur.. Are you serious, Baja Fresh? Your burritos were amazing! I've eaten a ridiculous amount of both fancy and cheap burritos in the past... but for some reason - your burritos were just SO good!I ordered a "Build Your Own Burrito", with Carnitas and all the works. I split a burrito with my fiance, and not only was it incredibly delicious - but I was really full off of my half! You also get some complimentary chips and salsa with your meal, so that will help fill you up as well.My friends were just as amazed with your deliciousness, that we couldn't stop talking about it for the rest of the night. Not only that, but your service was fast and friendly too...Good to know! If we're in your neck of the woods again next time, we'll be back!
4	This place is the shit, no lie. When you first walk in you notice that the cooks are grilling fresh chicken, steak, and I'm sure they'd pull out shrimp if you asked. The burritos are like eating at a taqueria in Mexico ... Amazing!
3	We made the mistake of coming to Vegas last July and the dry heat killed! Sooo not used to that type of heat.Stomping around on the strip sucked all the life/hydration outta me! Stopped into the hotel seeking a nonalcoholic Drink, AC & a spot to sit and cool off for a bit. We found a Baja fresh, after paying like $4 @ just about every little food/drink cart in the hotels for every tea/soda.  We went pretty stoked to see a bj's. We got a couple iced teas and some chips and guacamole, this spot has a great salsa bar with like 5-6 varieties to accompany your meal or snacks. my favorite was a mango based salsa. really refreshing and a little kick from the jalapeno. our bill was under $10 bucks and the guacamole 8-9oz container overflowed.
4	I really really liked the burrito I got here! I got the chicken burrito and it was huge and very flavorful! I can be quite picky when it comes to burritos, but this place was not a disappointment to me. A great cheap place to eat in Vegas!But be careful, my friend took the first bite of his burrito and it completely fell apart! Either he didn't know how to hold a burrito, or it's the way they made it. I'd just say make sure you know how to handle a big burrito :)
4	Baja Fresh is soooooooo good...drunk and sober! But it's freakin excellent when you're wasted off your ass! Honestly we ate here non-stop, those burritos and tacos soak up that alcohol and gets you good and ready to enjoy the day's events. We stayed in Tower ll and it's super convenient to that side...cheap prices, GOOD food, different types of salsa. Oh mi oh my!Chipotle? chile please...Baja Fresh is where it's at! God I wish they'd come to Texas
4	This is a great place to eat, especially if you are staying in Excalibur. This is near the pool so it is a great choice if you want to eat somewhere other than the place near the pool. I got a quesadilla and it was really good. This is really convenient to those who stay in Tower II, but not as close for others. There is also an area with tabels, and I never saw it too crowded.
4	I was very happy to find this place steps away from my room when staying at the Excalibur hotel this week.  It is 100% everything you would expect from Baja Fresh plus addition menu items like building your own burrito and others.  Ate here twice during my trip and loved it.  I'm a fan!
2	Your general Baja Fresh but way too expensive because its in a casino
2	Food was decent but the service was atrocious.  The two employees did not acknowledge my presence for what felt like five minutes when I was the only person in line. Then when I asked to only have black beans on my burrito instead of pinto I was met with severe attitude.  I then asked if I could have salsa on my burrito and was brushed off with "it's already on there". What? I just watched you make this stupid burrito and I can assure you sir there is no salsa. Disappointed.
3	Decent prices for being in a casino.Assembly line style (like Chipotle or Subway).Behind the counter looked a bit dirty.One of the employees didn't know what he was doing, and the another employee looked so frustrated. Boyfriend got a steak and shrimp burrito.I got the two taco chicken combo.Boyfriend said the burrito was decent.Tacos were good, but the chicken was just a little bit dry.Had a 10% off coupon.Total with one drink was about $19.00.Overall, eeehhh...
2	The employes we're awful. None of them could smile nor would communicate well with me and they spoke like depressed robots. The burrito was good but, the nachos sucked. If you're alone with luggage and need to wash your hands your out of luck because there are no hand sanitizer wipes.
4	This Baja Fresh is in the Excalibur Hotel. Staff were very friendly and helpful. Service was fast and competent.  The restaurant was clean. There was plenty of seating. There were plenty of menu items to choose from. Food was fresh and delicious. My fave is the shrimp burrito.  There's tacos, quesadillas, salads and more. Prices were great. Hotel guests receive a coupon for a percentage off total orders.
4	Quick and convenient. Ordered the chicken quesadilla :) pretty great portion for airport food.
1	wouldn't take my gift card.  Gave no warning until the register.  Only ate here because I had the gift card as a gift.I don't mind them not taking them ... Just warn me before I order and am forced to pay cash!
