2	It's a Damon's in the Steel building, what else can you expect out of it? They took over the old Cafe Euro spot sometime in the last year. This is in the building that I work in, and a lot of the people that I work with go down more than once a week. Damon's is essentially Applebee's, which is essentially TGI Friday. They all have their theme variations, but their menu focuses around the same thing: "American" food(meat & potatoes). The quality of the food here isn't so great, but it tastes good - mostly due to an overabundance of salt in each dish. Beware this food if you enjoy your health.The sandwiches here will run you about $9, some of the more specialty items will go up to $15. Some things can get higher, but at that point why didn't you pick a better place to go? Their sides are about $3, that's what I usually build my lunch around if I go.This Damon's has a lot of TVs, I can usually see about 8 when I sit in the bar area, and they all have a variety of sports channels on. The bar staff is pretty nice and they're pretty prompt, even when it's crowded.I really wouldn't come here at all except when coworkers are going, even most of those times I turn them down. There are better places to grab food within a block or two, and if a quick lunch is all you need then spend a little less on it. Also, who wants to eat lunch in the building they work in all day? Get some air, at least in the summer.
3	Convenient downtown location. Courteous staff.
4	Service at the bar from Sarah was exceptional! She did a great job making sure our drinks were full and checked on our meal.  She earned Damon's an extra star for her service and giving me extra lettuce.The club sandwich was average.  I can't praise it nor put it down.  It was aight!
3	Food is average with sandwiches being $8-$10.  Had a burger with Pork Barbecue on it and onion straws and an iced tea for about $14.  Little pricey at lunch.  Surprised there was only 1 bartender/waitress for the whole bar area, but she did a good job managing it.  There were probably 20 people at the bar.  The restaurant has a bunch of TV's on sports or trivia.  The restaurant was crowded which is probably due to its location in the USX building.
3	Nothing to write back to mom about.  The only reason i eat here is because it located right downstair from my job.  I eat at Damon's when I am desperate and really don't want to walk any where.  I think their food is over priced a sald with bacon cost $9.00 that's a rip off.
3	Went with a group for lunch today.  I'm being generous keeping it at 3 stars.  The Chicken Barbecue was pretty sad!  Our waiter couldn't keep track of our drink order and we only had 8 people.  Chipolte dip appertizer was OK.
3	OK call me crazy for trying this place again for dinner (I only had to walk across the street).  I liked the old Damon's so decided to go there for some Baby Back Ribs (their specialty).  What a disappointment that they were out and also shrunk their menu because of the Penguins home game.  Do they think no one eats out when the Penguins are at home?  I tried the St. Louis Ribs since I couldn't get the Baby Back Ribs or a steak.  Major disappointment.  Chicken wings were good.  The server doesn't know iceberg lettuce from Romaine lettuce.  A mixed greens salad doesn't mean iceberg.  He also informed me that I drank them out of iced tea so I better not ask them for another refill :)
1	Ok
