1	Warning...DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME OR MONEY AT THIS PLACE.  Just moved here, my boyfriend made an appointment first due to scheduling issues and I couldn't believe it when he came home and told me how this place conducts business.  He told them not to dilate his eyes as he wasn't having problems and the receptionist (not a nurse or doctor) told him HAD to do it.  Then at checkout even though he was only trying the contacts they collected money and ordered contacts instead of waiting until he went back for a follow-up to confirm that the contacts were the correct ones for him.  Sure enough a few days later he couldn't wear them, when he went back for his follow-up, they gave another kind to try.  I wasn't very impressed when he said they office staff was totally different and he saw a different doctor as well.  They didn't bother to set a follow-up so I've been waiting for a prescription or call for follow-up but apparently since they've already collected money from us and the insurance they were done. Finally today I had had enough of the foolishness and went to get a copy of the prescription, only to hear it had never been "finalized" by the doctor because there had never been a follow-up appointment.  I was absolutely appalled by the attitude of the "receptionist" when I pointed out they had never set an appointment or called, of course she was maybe 19 and acted like she had no common sense.  I demanded a refund of the money collected the day of the appointment for the contacts as there were never any contacts purchased.  According to the office manager,  they had used up the majority of the insurance benefit between the "fitting" and other services rendered and if they refunded any money we would have to pay for the fitting fee.  Finally I told them I know what they are doing is wrong, just as they do, which will be reported to the insurance; however, I'd rather go to a professional eye doctor and pay out of pocket for my boyfriend to have eye exam.  This office is obviously just looking to screw people out of money and don't care if they have to lie to do it.
1	If you can help it at all, do not go here!!I didn't have a choice due to my insurance but this was the most unprofessional, unorganized eye dr. office I have ever been to.  I used to work at an eye dr. office and I've been to quite a few.  This has been by far my worst experience!First of all, the wait time is unbelievable.  I had a set appt. and I waited over an hour because they kept taking walk-in's ahead of me!  I had a follow-up contacts appointment which should have only taken about 5 min. and they had me wait for over half an hour because they couldn't find my chart, then went through an entire exam, which was completely unneccessary!  There was another lady there who needed to just exchange a box of contacts and they made her wait about 45 min. before they even took the box from her!  Then, I was told I would be charged $60 after insurance for a year's supply of contacts.  I called later to order them, and was told it would be $200!  They wouldn't budge when I told them I had been told a different amount.  When I asked if I could order a cheaper brand, they insisted I make another complete eye exam before they would allow me to switch brands!  GRRR!  SO frustrating!  I will NEVER come back!  I would rather pay out of pocket somewhere else than go through this ordeal again!
1	Worst experience ever! I had four trips to this place in one month..The doctor was trying to juice me here and there.Other then the gal named Crystal the staff was lost and none of them were on the same page.A lot of he said she said going on.I'm going back to Sam's club,never to return!
1	DO NOT GO HERE!!!! WOW, were to begin on what is wrong with this facility. I have been going to this place for over 7 years and I have never had such horrible customer service until the recent eye doctor took over. The only reason I ranked it a 1 is because it won't let me rank it a zero! I have given them multiple chances because everyone can have a bad day, but strike 3 your out!      The new doctor here does not "LISTEN" to his patience and pretty much does what he wants. Also, this place is now nickle and diming customers to death. Maybe if you applied a little effort and kindness toward your customers you wouldn't have to pillage and plunder them and more customers would come your way.     There are two ladies here that have worked at this facility since I've started and a word of advice, "Find another employer because you are too good for this place." You have always been friendly and helpful to me, even when trying to fix the other employees screw ups. Like when I ordered contacts and they went on backorder but nobody felt it necessary to make any attempt to contact or inform me of the situation. "I" had to call you guys 8 days later to find out what was going on. Guess what they are still on backorder and have no eta date. I'd hate to ask for another brand to use because they will probably charge me another $50.00 contact fitting even though its not my fault.    If this is the closest facility to you or your insurance only takes Nationwide Vision. Go out of your way to avoid this place and find another Nationwide Vision to assist you. You will save yourself an enormous amout of frustration and money.
1	Awful!! Don't desk staff has no idea what they are doing. They overcharged me and couldn't help me with my insurance. I'm also pretty sure the Dr got my prescription wrong. Terrible experience.
1	Zero knowledge about insurance billing and general office procedures. Office manager argues and has a bad attitude. I would not recommend this place, nor will I ever schedule another appointment. Go to Lenscrafters if you have Tricare/United Healthcare.
2	I guess I'm just spoiled. This is like the fast food of eye doctors. If you go to fast food you shouldn't expect sit down service. So it goes here. The staff are standing around  and my appointment was an hour ago. We have been sitting and sitting. Meanwhile the kids movie that was playing in the VCR/TV combo just finished and I've been listening to the snowy white noise for 10 mins. My well-behaved 11 year old son has been patiently waiting with his sunglasses on. Don't come here if you are expecting prompt and personable service.
1	Is it possible to give negative stars because if so I would! Do not come here ! I have had to come 3 times because eachtine they were not t
