4	My insurance basically dictated where I had to go to get my windshield replaced. As I sit in there waiting room, waiting for the adhesive to cure, I find myself thankful Safelite was the place they sent me.The front desk clerk was swift and efficient, the tech that did the work was courteous and seemed to know what he was doing and the replacement glass looks great.They'd get a fifth star if they had wifi and a table so I didn't have to use my aircard and make this laptop REALLY a laptop..And yes, they'll come to your location too, but calling out some poor slob to replace a windshield when it's 400 degrees outside didn't seem like a very nice thing to do. Same day appointment made it easy enough to bring it into the shop where the guys could work in the AC.Total repair time, including the waiting period as only 1.5 hours.And get full glass coverage on your auto insurance. The cost of this replacement paid for that coverage for about 20 years...
5	When I contacted my insurance company's online reporting site, you could choose your windshield service, but they recommended Safelite. I've heard good things about them so click!Their website is clean and easy to use. I could chose between bringing my car in to their local office or having someone come to me and being a lazy person, I clicked the second option and scheduled an appointment for the next day, a little chagrined about the 12-6 time slot. Within seconds I received a confirmation email, followed shortly thereafter by an email with all of the specific information including a bio on the specific technician. The next day I expected to wait all afternoon, but the technician arrived right at 12, in fact a few minutes early. He was polite, friendly and explained everything he was doing to my curious granddaughter. He worked efficiently and even vacuumed up his non-mess afterwards! It's a shame how we've become so accustomed to mediocre customer service that this company doing everything right is such a surprise. Their online presence is just right, their personal service is just right, and I'd recommend Safelite anywhere anytime.
5	I got a rock chip in my windshield and knew my AAA insurance would sent me to Safelite. So mid-morning in the middle of a week, I dropped in at this location. The receptionist is fast and friendly. She had a tech check the damage and confirm it could be fixed. Before I realized he had even seen my car, he was in the lobby explaining the damage, the fix, and the guarantee. I called the insurance company, got the ok, and within five minutes they were fixing the chip. My wait was short and not unpleasant. The waiting room was clean and comfortable; it's a better place to wait than my doctor offers. The fix was done well. I would definitely recommend this location, and I'll come back.
4	Used Safelite as recommended by USAA for a windshield replacement on one car an chip repair on another.  They came out, emailed me in advance with name of technician, showed up on time and did great work!  I have had 2 windshield replaced an one chip repair now and tehy always gave excellent service !R
4	I love that safelite always comes to my job so that I don't have to make special arrangements just to get my windshield replaced. When they originally came to my job they did not have the right pieces to go with my car.  Since I have a 2012 Prius c they told me they would have to order the parts and that the receptionist would call me to reschedule in a week. In less then a week they called me back, got me an appt right away. When they came to fix my windshield I was pleasantly surprised to find the tech had vacuumed all my floor mats and cleaned all my windows.  Even though there was an initial inconvenience overall I had a great experience with safelite. They are all friendly, great customer service and I would use them again and again!
1	They couldn't schedule me any sooner than 5 days, and when they came out they brought the wrong windshield.  The technician blamed the customer service rep and the customer service rep blamed the warehouse.  No accountability at all!  What a nightmare.  Finally just called a local company and they came out on the same day with the correct windshield
5	I've been driving in AZ for 13 years and have never needed auto glass repair until this month. Early in December I had Safelight patch a star in my windshield. I was quite pleased by the way I was greeted in the workshop and the quality of the work. Four days ago my windshield was cracked by a stone thrown by a truck with no mud flaps. I contracted with safelight again. My goodness, the technician was amazingly skilled and articulate. He came to my home and did the work in less than an hour. He even had to search for another windshield because the one he brought was not quite right in his estimation. My car is as good as new and that's easy because it's only 4 months old. I recommend Safelight to anyone needing auto glass work.
1	I have had 2 window shields replaced back to back by this company because my insurance told me they use SAFELiTE. Polite, speedy, on-time at my home, etc. BUT who inspects their glass?? My complaint the 1st window was noticeably defective on the lower passenger side. It was so warped that my brother, who noticed it, got nauseated when he rode in my car. They came right out & replaced it the next daya. Great? Would have been if the second one hadn't been worse. .  I couldn't tell until it rained months later. The windshield wipers couldn't wipe the glass in front of the driver, as it bowed in just enough to not make contact I went crazy having my wipers worked on twice thinking they were the problem. To be fair I never called them to complain. We all know how often we get rain. Now it's been 2 years. I have 4 semi-truck rock pits in my glass BUT I am NOT giving them a third chance. Two out of two windshields? Can u imagine having to lean to the middle of the car to be able to slightly see to drive in the rain? I'm glad the nightmare is almost over. Yes, I'm a silly housewife, who depended on my husband to take care of the cars. I NOW know to check the windows and not depend on any company to care about my safety.  I will be able to drive in the rain again.
5	I contacted my Allstate Insurance company to replace a windshield and was provided the number to Safelite Solutions (a.k.a. Safelite AutoGlass).The service was great. To make the appointment was easy. The guy was on time and finished within the time frame that he stated. He was meticulous about making sure everything was just right. He was polite and considerate.The product was everything that I expected and the service was top notch.
3	I've used Safelite before for mobile replacements. This time it was a shorter wait to have the repair done in shop. I'm giving them three stars because every time I've had a replacement done by a mobile tech the work has been completed in just over 30 minutes, to include a BMW with rain sensor. I figured in their shop it would be a pretty quick in and out process. Wrong, an hour and thirty minutes after arriving I'm still sitting here waiting. My advice, have them come to you. It is a great company, but you'll be way more efficient with your time if you have them come to you.
4	I had these guys put in a new windshield for me for free after mine cracked on the freeway.  The guy came to my house and got the job done in about an hour.  The weather stripping on my car was very dry and he let me know that it was going to chip and crack when he replaced the window, and it did so it looked ugly.  A few days later as I was driving on the freeway I started hearing air coming through and couldn't figure out where it was coming from. When it started raining, I found it was from my windshield because I saw it dripping.Now, the four star review I'm giving this place is not because of that technician, but because of my experience at the actual shop. He messed up and it was a pain because I had to go back and get it fixed. However, when I went to Safelight, they were so helpful and had great customer service.  They apologized and admitted that it was the technician's fault, replaced the window and the factory plastic stripping that came with the car with a new, thicker one which is more esthetic and offers more protection, and the guy took the liberty of cutting off all the ragged edges on the weatherstripping to make it look cleaner.  When I came to pick up my car, they also gave me a Febreze air freshener that clips to the vent and a full-sized bottle of special glass cleaner.  Overall, they had great customer service and even though they messed up at first, I would definitely recommend their service and to go to the actual location.
1	Technician was not professional. Technician did not re-install all components that he removed during installation. Components that were not re-installed were taken by the technician. Technician never mentioned any issues to me or that he was going to not re-install components that he removed. Technician also scratched body paint. Never use again.
