4	I have been going to Petsmart for all of my puppy needs lately but decided to give Petco a try since it is closer to my apartment. Aside from a few small things, I was pretty impressed. Dislikes*You cannot take the carts outside. They have poles on them, so they cannot get through the door. If you are purchasing, say, a large box of puppy pee-pads or 50lbs of dog food, you might be in trouble*The store is not super clean*Not the best organizational setup I have seen*The prices were actually higher than Petsmart in some areasLikes*Everyone was super friendly*They have a large section of homemade doggie treats that you can get by the pound. Penny loved the peanut butter treats*They sell a lot of higher end dog foods I have not found at Petsmart*They have a really large selection of doggie outfits*I found a really awesome dog carrying bag for FIVE BUCKS!*Lots of parking close to the entranceOverall, good experience  :)
3	-Smaller than other Petco stores.-Poles on carts. Have to carry 40lbs of dog food to my car.-Messy store.-Annoying Pet Food Rep kept following me around the aisles.-Employees? What employees? Didn't see any to help me.-Location is located in a very busy strip mall next to Costco.
3	The grooming is very affordable and they have always done a good job.  However, after taking my dog AT LEAST three or four times to get groomed in the past, I was very dismayed to learn that they had "LOST" my dog's rabies vaccination records, preventing me from getting my dog groomed on a holiday weekend.  They told me to have the vet fax the records over, but being a holiday weekend, this was of course impossible leaving me to deal with my dog's messy not-so-fresh-smelling winter coat for another week! Grrrr!  Another downer is that it took them so long to find me in their "system".  I would advise anyone who goes here for grooming to verify their records are kept (rabies vaccines are good for three years) in the the system and all information is correct, or you might find yourself inconvenienced as I was :(
4	I love Petco. So much better than that other huge corporate pat place, you know who I'm talking about. The staff here is very nice, always available to help and work quickly to get you in and out of the store. I love their bone and treat bars. I hate buy the big box of treats, because 1. they are expensive and 2. my pups like a variety. The treat bar is perfect, I can just grab a few of each and be on my way. They PetPals program is awesome as well, buy 10 bags of food and get one free. At the rate my fatties eat this is a hell of a deal and it doesn't take long to get. Also, the great thing is that if you forget your Pals card for some reason, make sure to save your receipt and call their 800 number and they will add them to your account no prob. My only complain - their 800 customer service number is ridiculous! None of the reps speak English as a first language, and aren't very helpful. It took three phone calls today to get my issue resolved this morning. Great prices and friendly staff! A+ in my book!
1	The  petco near me was out of my boys favorite off the rawhide bar so, I called this store and asked if they had a rawhide bar. Yes we do--  Hoped in the car to make the six mile driveExcuse me?  Where is your rawhide bar?  Oh I'm sorry we font have that anymore.  There are a few on the endcap over there.Really?  Excuse me, do you have a water bowl where my dog can get a drink?  Yes, in the back of the store by the restrooms.  Uh, theres no bowl back there.  Well, maybe thats because the water fountain is broke.  I will tell the mgr tomorrow. How does that help me now?How much  did those rawhides weigh?  .93lbs.  Over on the other scale, it was less than .75.  Let me weigh it again--oops now its .95. Really?Here's a review you can do over the phone to get a 2 dollar discount.I REALLY DON'T think you want me to do a review and I wont be coming back anywayOk, have a great day, sir
5	I love Petco! The only place I go to get dog food. I feel like the employees generally know what they are talking about and are always willing to help!
4	i bought a guinea pig at this location and sadly the next day noticed she was sneezing and had a runny nose than the following next day she still had it only now her eyes were crusty :( i felt so bad. so i called the store and they told me to bring her back and they would have a vet come the following next morn and pick her up than they would give her the medication she would need untill she is completely better. they said they would than call me and have me come get her!!! way cool of them!!! thanks!!!
3	Would someone please tell sales associate 6, aka Erik, that is NOT polite to tell a customer she looks stressed and that no one needs to hear out of the blue that he has grout in his feet and is in a lot of pain.The last time I shopped at this Petco, the cashier (a different one) seemed nervous, distracted and reeked like alcohol. I asked if if he had been drinking and he didn't answer me.I think I'm done with this Petco and will continue to shop at Petsmart. Their prices are better, anyway....
5	This is a great Petco! The staff is always so nice! They always play with our doggy Baxter and never complain when we show up a minute before they stop giving shots on Saturdays (literally every time). Even when we got his nails done, the technician was really good with calming him down, since he was scared and getting wild. We have gotten all of his shots done here and they are not high prices. They do shots on Saturdays until 3pm and they have the best vets and techs working station. By the time we got his last shots he was barely squirming because I think he became more comfortable since the vets give him such great praise afterwards. We will definitely keep coming here for all of Baxter's needs and our other dogs need as well.
1	WORST EXPERIENCE EVER! Took my cat to get groomed with Mandy. She told me because there was a small knot in my cats hair that she would have to lion shave  my cars entire body! Obviously I said no and took my cat to petsmart where they brushed out the knots and returned my cat with a gorgeous coat... DON'T EVER TAKE YOUR CAT TO MANDY!
3	I started going to Petco because Petsmart doesnt carry the Nature Made/Brand line.  I won a years supply when I went to the Pet Expo a few months ago.  The store in general is clean.  But dont know if I'd buy fish from here.  When Baby C and I walked by...there were at least 3 tanks with dead fish on the bottom.  Some with the other fish eating on the dead fish.  So that just tells you that it had probably been some time since the tanks had been looked at/cleaned.
3	I only use the grooming salon for my dog for the last 2yrs. I learned it depends on the stylist they have on staff. There was a wonderful lady there 2yrs ago who left and then there were 2 young girls grooming. I felt they were straight out if school. They assured me my dog would be done in 3 or less hours. 6hrs later my dog was then ready. I was so upset because I had to be at work to work a late shift. Now there is a nice male groomer. He's groomed my dog twice now and is good. He's incredibly polite and was extremely apologetic when he accidentally nipped my dogs lip. It wasn't a big deal and he was so professional. I was impressed how he handled the situation.
4	Nothing special about this Petco. They always have what we need and the cashiers are always friendly. We will continue shipping for the cats here. Great location being near the Target and Costco.
2	Went to this location today to get some cat food (had a coupon specific to Petco). This place was a mess. There was stuff everywhere. There were boxes in the middle of many of the aisles...we couldn't even reach some items due to the amount of stuff everywhere. Things are hard to find here, their order makes no sense. We walked around in circles trying to find the food we wanted (is it in the natural section...no... with the other Science Diet stuff....no.... oh in a random other aisle...yup).  If I can help it, I won't come to this location again.
2	Petco is probably my least favorite pet store to go to. They are over priced, it's messy and they don't sell prescription foods. I don't really see any reason to go here over the competitors.
2	I got my pet's shots here and it was kind of a nightmare. The staff were really friendly and the people giving the shots were friendly, but the store was filthy and noisy. There was some sort of dog get together going on up front and there were dogs barking like cray the whoel time. It was very bad planning considering it was the same time that dogs, puppies, and KITTENS/CATS are going to be waiting around for a long time to get shots. I had my cat with me and he was terrified and the barking just continued. Plus I felt like my dog was just sitting in dirt the whole time because the floors were so disgusting. I probably won't return unless I need to get shots for my pets again.
3	Limited selection, high in store prices, lower Petco.com prices, make for a frustrating experience.  Staff is pleasant but sparse. Also they do not have the same merchandise in store in comparison with their website.   I'm not sure if they are trying to steer customers to their website, but they were successful in one thing; preventing me from buying the kennel I saw on Petco.com that was not in the store.  Also beware of Petco.com dog treats--all made in China
