3	I frequent the shopping center that houses this little clothing store. It's kind of hidden in the corner near the Artful Potter and Einstein's bagels.The boutique sells a variety of women's clothing, accessories, bags and shoes. The clothing is very cute. The majority of the store is currently occupied by trendy tops and sundresses.What I don't like? The price. The accessories are reasonably priced, but the clothing ranges anywhere from $30 to over $100. I've browsed this shop several times and have only come away with a pair of cork wedge summer sandals.Bottom line: This place reminds me of a very expensive version of Patty's Closet. Yes, the clothing may feel/appear/be higher in quality in comparison, but I don't think the drastic price difference is justified. However, I don't mind continuing to drop in to peruse the sales racks in hopes of finding a steal.
4	I'm one of the biggest supporters of local businesses whether its a food, pet, or clothing stores. Identity seems to be the one stop shop for me whenever I need an outfit for that day and I'm too lazy to drive to Town Square or any other malls. As April F stated, this store is hidden in the left hand corner of the shopping mall, but once you check this place out, I promise you will be back. I did notice that the clothes can be a few dollars more than a typical place like Forever 21, but you are paying for the quality. Most of the clothes are made in US and you can tell the fabric that is used is thicker and actually last longer than the other boutique clothing stores. The clothes are just soooo cute, I bought a day bag for $79 and a variety of dresses and tops for going out. The girls that work there are really helpful too and if there is always a good sale that is going on. Everytime you make a purchase they staple their business card with your receipt and the card is a 20% off any one item. This place is a winner in my book.
3	Little fashion boutiques are hidden treasures. If you're looking for something that's stylish and that's not entirely mainstream (many of the fashions *everyone* would find at the mall), Identity is worth checking out if you're looking for a unique pair of jewelry or different styles of fashion. It is a small boutique indeed, but even the smallest of boutiques definitely have some very unique styles that everyone isn't wearing.I can agree with the first reviewer that the prices are a little over the top. When I went in, there was a buy one get one free for jewelry, so that was worth it, but otherwise many of the clothes were at least over $30. Don't get me wrong, you *are* paying for the quality of fabrics used and the fashion itself (most garments are made from very fine and delicate fabrics), but at the same time... I feel as if I can find the same style in a Buffalo Exchange for half the price.Identity has everything from jewelry, purses, blazers, heels, hair accessories, and more. If you're looking to splurge on a cute outfit that speaks your style, Identity should be on your list to check out.
