5	PLASMA SCREEN TV's,are everywhere you look!  If you head out on the patio to have a smoke there is one placed just inside the window so you do not miss any of your favorite game.  The food is excellent and the atmosphere fun and accepting.I have been here several times and have enjoyed the wings (better than long wongs), the nagasaki (sizziling cheese caught on fire in front of you and served with Pita) and of course their mouth watering sliders!The excellent service, partnered with the friendly owners who make it a point to say hi to the patrons add the final layer of icing on the cake!
5	What makes a great sports bar? 1.) Lots of beer on draft?2.) As many tvs as there are sports games that day?3.) Darts, pool tables, and other bar games so you can also feel like an athlete? (or Drunken athlete....)4.) Munchies to keep you fed and happy throughout the halftime shows and commercial breaks?5.) How bout owners that can be a variable sports encyclopedia when the arguements get heated over stats and team accomplishments?Yea these make a great sports bar and every one of these describes the HOB NOB... From its roots outside of Chi to the up and coming city of Chandler, AZ this bar and bar family has a history that make it the type of niche sports bar that'll bring you in for every big game... Kick back, pick your tv, pick your channel, pick your beer, and be a sports fan!!OPA! (oh yea theres a bit of a greek influence for all those saganaki and gyro fans)
5	The BEST SPORTS BAR in chandler hands down!! A great place to meet friends and even bring the kids!! The owners are always around to ensure ur experience!! TV's everywhere, if you love sports and beer this is the place for you!! The nob has events all week and food specials to go along... the ribs are amazing!! however the GYRO is good as it gets!! The best gyro in the valley you can write that one down!! and the wings... once you pop u just cant stop!!HOB NOB SPORTS BAR & GRILL cheers to you!!
1	Went in on a sunday afternoon. Place was dead. Wasn't greeted, sat at a table and was not helped. Waited 10 minutes, still no service. Walked out and still heard nothing from staff. If time and service are important to you stay away from Hob Nob.
4	The Hob Nob Sports Grill is on of the best places to watch your local sports team in action.  I believe during Suns games they offer half off of their wings (insider tip: order these wings sauce-less and get the sauce on the side, trust me....you won't regret it).  The owners are from the windy city, so if you're looking for a place to watch the Bears, Bulls, Blackhawks or the SOX, this is your place.The beers are always cold, the liquor is always flowin, the DJ is usually spinnin and maybe if you're lucky, the owners just might let you play some beer pong or WII on the big screen!I also recommend the burgers here, they hand roll their patties, the burgers are fresh and juicy, just like dad's backyard BBQ.
4	The Hob Nob is a sweet spot located near big roads and plenty of overnight accomodations.  The Spentzos Brothers run the place swell and the cookin' is damn good.  Being good ole Greek boys...they know their way around the kitchen. - Try the ribs...YUMS.I've had the pleasure of eating there several times.  For bar food...I'm going to say it's one of the best spots in Chandler and probably Ahwatukee.  The reason I gave it four stars instead of the five limit is because i HATE cigarettes...and they have a smoking patio.  BUT WHATEVER...you nasty smokers can have the fucking patio...damn nasty nasties.The Hob Nob hosts lots of different events.  I been to a Breast Cancer Fundraiser...live music performances and other cool events.  They have a take-out menu and their kitchen is open late.Though they do support their Arizona teams....the Spentzos Brothers are bias to Chicago teams. - Needless to say they were happy about the latest hockey news...and you'll find plenty of Bears fans heading to this den in the desert.
5	For a sports bar it has great food. Both the pineapple chicken sandwich and the gyro was delicious (side salad not so much). There was live music. SUPER FRIENDLY staff. Entrees from about $7-$16. Kitchen is open until 1:00am. There is an outdoor patio and a TON of TVs.
4	I've only been in for breakfast, so I think it's okay to still hold that last star hostage...Their breakfast menu is brand-spankin'-new and INCREDIBLE.  Their chef, Adam, knows what he's doing.  I met up with some girlfriends for brunch there last weekend and WOW. Absolutely the best Eggs Benedict I've ever had.  There's a grilled avacado snuck in there, and the Hollandaise sauce has a cilantro kick (not a cilantro fan, but this is way mild).  Then there's the red pepper sauce that's drizzled over that.My mouth is now watering and it's 10pm. And I haven't even mentioned the Bloody Mary.... eh, make that plural, it was brunch.I also managed to snag a bite (or several) of my girlfriend's Strawberry Pancakes. For the record, I despise pancakes.  She said they were different, and the best she'd had, so I trusted and tasted. And then tasted about 5 more times.  ::sheepish grin::  I don't know what sort of miracle he whipped into that batter but DAMN! The guy knows how to make a stack of hot cakes.Since the girls and I decided it'll be a monthly event, I'm going to beg Adam weekly to have a Nutella-stuffed French Toast waiting for me next time.  He stuffs French Toast with everything else!I'm stoked that football season is about to kick into full gear - I'm guessing beer and whatever other surprises Adam starts whipping up will be beckoning me.  And then, that, with the Raiders on massive TVs, Hob Nob will receive that coveted 5th star.
4	I've been going to this sport grill for about three years now. I work across the street and this has been our go-to after work place forever. The happy hour prices for drinks cannot be beat, and they have a wide variety of appetizers for half price. Seeing as how their happy hour is pretty much all day you'd be hard pressed to go here and spend more than $20. The appetizers are about what you would expect from a sport bar, a deep fried oasis of golden brown. However, there is some hope: if you are more adventurous, you can come in during lunch on the weekdays when they have specials, and get a half priced burger, or chicken sandwich for under $5. They have some traditional geek food as well (i think the owners are greek or something). Their gyro is delicious and they have some good chicago style hot dogs as well. Overall, this is a great place to hang out and have a good time without spending a ton of money.
5	Friendly atmosphere...great prices...great food ( rib night on wed-- $8.95 for a 1/2 rack dinner!) and the gyros are huge and authentic! ( ru kidiin' me?!? the owners are greeks from chicago!)plenty of tv's....nice patio for the smoker's music once a month with chuck e. baby and the all stars acoustic jam (2nd wed of the month). poker on wed, too. dj on the weekend.nothing fancy about this place, but not a dive like some of the other sports bars in chandler :(like nate's 3rd base-- that place sucks!).the hob-nob is a great place for lunch , dinner, or just to hang out. be careful on bears game day! the place is packed!
4	Food is good, service is rough sometimes, but the owners are always very friendly! I frequent this place regularly.
5	Hob Nob I am so happy to have you in my life :}This is the place to be for GREAT food and GREAT football! Da Bears have the ultimate den here!But not ONLY do they have the Chicago passion for football, but they also stay true to Chicago's passion of food! The chips and salsa had great flavor, the chips weren't some paper thin rice cake they had substance! and the salsa had just enough spice to keep you coming back for more! They claim their gyros are the best and I have to AGREE 100% tender meat, full of FLAVOR (not salt) and the pita never got soggy. MmmMMmSome of my highlights from tonight:- GREAT food- Da Bears fight song whenever we scored- Da Bears shuffle and other Bear-tribute songs during half-time- All the Chicago fans- The owner coming out and giving high-fives to all the Bears fans even when things were looking bleak. :}Thank you Hob Nob, I will be back!
4	Karaoke, drink specials, pool, questions game, and much more! This place is fun for groups and very entertaining! Everyone was very friendly and down to have a good time!
5	This place is legit nothing fancy but they have a great happy hour on drinks and food.  Two Chicago style hot dogs and french fries $4.95 on Monday's which is the night we were there.  $5 shots.  $3.50 for a very tall glass maybe ( 30 OZ ??? ) of budweiser and bud lite drafts my choice of beers. Draft was FRESH  and they had half price wings on this night.  Two pool tables.  Two dart boards.  One of those newer jukeboxes that you see in a lot of bars now.  It appears they have karoake on some nights.  I don't smoke but you can still chill out on the smoking patio because they have this sucking ventilation that sucks the smoke out I guess.Very chill. All the patrons at least on this night were very laid back and fun to be around.  Staff were cool and quick with the drinks.  Jenna the bartender was sexy.I live on the Westside but this is a great east valley bar.  We only came across this bar after meeting some guests at the nearby hotel we were staying at for a quick get a way.Great time !
3	In here for a sec but everyone seemed to be having a good time!  Live D.j. and enough room to be who u wanta be on the dance floor... there was poker going on in the corner and with a nice sized crowd. I liked the bartender chick, and she was fast for being the only bartender in there, and very nice.
2	I moved out here from Chicago about 7 months ago and some friends of mine that live in my apartment complex told me to check out this bar.  It is what it is.  It's a freaking dive bar that smells like farts.  For anyone familiar with the Chicagoland area, it reminded me a bit like Bridgeport.  That same peanuts and nasty fart smell that occupies stank ass Bridgeport and Stickney.  Needless to say, I love sports but hate dive bars.  There's no disguises here.  If you're looking for a dive bar/a place just to stop off and grab a beer without looking your best, come here.
5	My fiance and I go down to Hob Nob almost every Thursday. 1/2 off chicken sandwiches and $5 domestic pitchers = AWESOME! Trivia and Karaoke. Jenna the bartender is great! Lots of TV's with sports :) I'm a fan!
5	Great home town bar with real people, real food, and really good service. The blonde bartender is the sexiest chick I know... and the DJ rocks!!!!!
4	Went there the other afternoon, like that it is a Chicago bar. Moved from Chicago almost 5 years ago. The service was fast and friendly, a lil nice dive bar we have been looking for! We will be back.
3	Ok bar food. fun trivia night
3	Very quiet local bar dedicated to Chicago. They have a decent number of TVs. We went for happy hour. The beer came in a huge glass which was cheap for how much they give. We ordered the artichoke dip and Chicago dog. The artichoke dip was okay but the Chicago dog wasn't that good (we had better at a food cart in Austin, TX). We wouldn't mind coming again for a quiet, low key hh.
4	First check in on 4sq every time you come. Penny beer every 5th trip. It's all about the naked grilled  wings. I get mine hot. Not a fan of the breaded wings, but naked with no breading are fantastic. Also say hi to Eva behind the bar. She's great at what she does.
4	Place for Chicagoans to go when they're homesick or want to watch a game.  The atmosphere here is what makes it a 4 instead of just a 3.  The Chicago sports memorabilia is EVERYWHERE!  There is even a stuffed bear here.  We came here for a few Blackhawks games as well as the Stanley Cup game.  The last time they won the cup I was on Clark St. in Chicago (ya know the street they show on the news after the win).  So I was not expecting the celebration that erupted at this place to be on par, but it really was!  Aside from the riots in the street it was just as exciting here at Hob Nob.I love the TV's at the booths, the projector and the fact that the same game is on every TV.  This is something I really have missed since moving to AZ.  There have literally been sports bars here that have refused to change the TV from girls softball to an NBA playoff game...uhh ok?  This place actually understands sports.They do lose a star for their lackluster menu.  Nothing on the menu is great.  It is all just OK.  The spinach dip and cheese curds are my best recommendations, but even those are pretty standard.  I say you definitely come here when there's a game on, but skip it for your dinner date.
4	Great atmosphere for Chicago sports, thanks for bringing that to the area! The food is just OK, but also cheap. If this place could somehow bring in food from Lobby's Burgers Beef and Dogs in Tempe it would be a 5.
5	Great place for Bears fans! Nice to find this away from home! Great atmosphere on game day and no bad seat in the house!!!!  Staff was very friendly.  Love it!!!!
4	Fun place to drink and have fun! There's a little dance floor and DJ which I really enjoy. There is also pool tables and poker for the non-dancers. The food is great, along with the service. I liked that there were individual TVs at the tables. Overall, a nice place to hang out with friends and eat some good food!
4	This is a great local bar. It has it all! The DJ is great, always playing some great tracks and there's even a little dance floor for you to shake your booty. The food is really tasty too. Bar food is hit or miss and this place is a real hit! You must try the nachos! They have Ginormousize nachos which are just that, ginormous!! They use real melted cheese not like that gross cheese sauce that other places use. The Mushroom Swiss burger is soo good!! They have daily specials that are only for dine-in and trust me, they're totally special! This place is great to hang out with friends, catch a game, and just have a great time!
4	Staying at a nearby hotel during an annual drive across-country for Christmas, we wanted to find something within walking distance that had salads and sandwiches and had a sports bar atmosphere. Bingo!  Hob Nob fit the bill.  It was quiet when we got there but filled up quickly on the Saturday before Christmas. We sat at the bar and had plenty of TVs in view. My husband had the cheeseburger and fries he wanted, which was cooked to perfection and the fries were great. I needed a salad and ordered the chicken Caesar salad.  Yes, it comes on a plate (which is pretty common in my experience) but it was a very large, very full plate with a perfectly grilled chicken breast over Caesar salad with just the right amount of dressing. And pita bread points rimmed the plate.  A glass of Chardonnay went perfectly with the salad. Our bartender/server was attentive and friendly. We are very glad we discovered Hob Nob and hope to return again next year!!PS. I would give it five stars but haven't yet found the perfect place....  This was darned close tho!
4	I'm a die-hard Bears fan and I've lived in this area for over 10 years.  I stumbled across this place on Yelp and had to try it out.  It was a Sunday and Da Bears were playing Green Bay.  I figured I'd get there about 20 minutes before kickoff to get a seat at the bar.  WRONG!!!  This joint was packed wall to wall with some of the most loyal Bears fans I've seen since Chicago.  I  ended up having to stand since there wasn't an empty seat in the place.  Of course like others mention, the Bears fight song after each touchdown, Sinatra singing Chicago at half-time.  I was home for just those short few hours.  The bartender ( I swore I'd remember her name but forgot) was so cool and always had a smile on her face despite being slammed two deep at the bar.  Didn't try the food because I had no where to eat it, but plan on going back again and again.  I've been going to my local bar around the corner, but this place is worth the extra few miles for me.
3	This sports bar had a great Chicago atmosphere and was fun to watch the game. The food was also much better than I expected. That being said, I ordered a tall bud light off draft and it was rather warm. I then changed to a bottled 312 in hopes that it would be colder, but alas, it was not.
4	A few notches better than your typical dive bar, but we come here for the atmosphere. It's an official Chicago Bears bar!! Win, lose, or draw you're surrounded by family. BEARS FOR LIFE!!!
4	Great bar feel. The poppers were delicious and the beer on tap was great. Great service . TV s at every table was a plus. I'll be back on Sunday for football.
4	Tuesday. $3 Coronas, 1/2 price Burgers that were good, super nice people working there and watching games and a quick walk from the Hampton. Can't go wrong there!
4	Awesome little Chicago Sports bar. All the teams, lots of cool decor. The chili was very good and Chicago like! They allow kids and have a good friendly atmosphere.Prices are average.If you go during a Bears game you won't forget it.
3	This is a great little neighborhood bar with lots of hardcore sports fans.  Went in there on a Sunday and had their daily special, the rack of ribs, which were really quite outstanding for being from a neighborhood sports bar.
