4	it doesn't matter which location you go to, but both paymon's are great off strip places to eat and smoke out!!! ha..ha..ha.  this was probably one of the first places to offer a hookah lounge in the vegas area.  thank, goodness!!!  the hookah lounge is great place to chill out at.  it 's decorated beautifully (if you are into the middle eastern theme), but it's a bit dark,  and the music can be loud at times.  so if you are looking for an intimate date place, the loud music may interfere.  the food here is yummy!!!  for appetizer's i recommend the flaming saganaki (Kefalotyri cheese lit on fire w/some rum and sprinkled w/fresh lemon juice).   I also like the baba ganosh (eggplant blended w/tahini, garlic, olive oil, and lemon juice)  as far as entrees, i always order either the  pastitsio ( a casserole filled w/ground beef, pasta, tomato, and cheese) or moussaka (a casserole of sliced eggplant, onions, potato, and ground beef).  i'm always too full to eat dessert, but i finish my dinner off with some dark rich sweetened turkish coffee.....
4	I am not a smoker, but an occasional hookah is always fun with friends. The Hookah Lounge attached to Paymon's is THE hookah lounge in town. It is right next to UNLV which proved convenient for my study buddies and I when we needed a break from our rigorous study nights (ha ha). The dcor is fitting of a Mediterranean theme, and I especially enjoy the collection of small shoes hung about the room. There is so much to look, one could lose track of time inside. The windows are blacked out, and warm colors fill the room to add to the time distortion. There are about eight tables and two big booths for your hookah party. The best part is that they serve food from the restaurant side. A small bar is located toward the back, and one of their rinks was featured on $40 a Day with Rachael Ray. I can't remember the name, but it is tropical and sweet, and if you asked, I'm sure they would know which one you were talking about. It pairs nicely with a fruity hookah too. The Hookah Lounge is small and cozy and always a good time.Recommended Hookah flavor: Mango Jasmine MintRecommended drink: A mojito. For sure.
4	I'm not a hookah-girl, but that room that they've got at the Sahara location is absolutely beautiful.Here's what I have to say about Paymon's-- the food is excellent.  My favorite thing to get is a Greek salad and add on the salmon.  They make a light, but flavorful house dressing, just the right amount of cheese, and plenty of veggies.  It's definitely enough to fill you for a whole meal, or to share with a friend while you also order a round of their great appetizers (like hummus, grape leaves, etc).  It's also a good starter place if you are new to Mediterranean and Greek fare as the staff is generally knowledgeable, and the menus are pretty comprehensive. It's a great place to eat for a casual date or lunch meeting.
5	My Favorite Restaurant in Las Vegas. The quality and taste if the food is excellent. It is also and excellent value, you don't need to pay a fortune to eat good in Las Vegas. A good variety of food especially if your party is a mix of vegetarians and carnivores. It is miles off the strip and parking is easy. For non-smokers, don't be turned off by the Hookah Lounge in the name. The Hookah Lounge is in a separate room and the ventilation is excellent. The smoke isn't even objectionable in the smokers lounge.
3	We had my sister's 30th birthday here with a dinner for about 30 friends.  The service was exceedingly slow.  I think they only had one waiter working each table, which was a mistake.  The food itself was competent, but nothing to rave about.  I got the chicken parmigiana, and also tasted a greek lasagne type dish.  I am willing to go again, and mark the poor service down to a large group poorly managed.
4	Great place for a late night snack or meeting out for drinks!I've been quite a few times and always eat in the hookah lounge - you can't beat the comfortable ambiance!  I'm quite addicted to hummus, and theirs is fabulous!   They also make pretty decent specialty drinks.This place is also great for take-out, but its a bit on the pricey side, yet it gets outweighed when you dine there.
3	Hookah lounge so good. One time they ordered too many chicken wings and had a special rotisserie-cooked wings. They were so good. I don't even eat chicken ... The food is decent. I can't imagine its too authentic. The seasoned fries are great, though. The apps are a nice accompaniment to the smokes. A bowl is ~$15 and a refill is like ~$8 I think. They have a variety of flavors. I remember when the whole no smoking where food is served thing was around. Paymon's complied for a sec, but then reverted back. Sometimes we get picky about how hot the coal is or how the shisha is burning, but the smoke boy comes around and makes it all better. The drinks are okay-priced. If you ask for a water, they'll give you a tiny Fiji for like $5. I think the food prices are reasonable, though. Get the app combo platter (classy, huh?) for $11 to feed a non-ravenous group of three. Baklava and rice pudding are vera nice. On the weekends, the lounge fills up. I've seen the restaurant side get busy, but not packed. The lounge is open late, but not late enough. 1a every night. The lounge is lowkey and chill. Its perfect for the nights you want to get out of the house, but not deal with the crowds or yelling over loud music. Sometimes they play Middle Eastern jams. Sometimes its like club electronica. * off the strip, non-casino
2	Being a fan of Paymon's other location on Maryland Pkwy, I wasn't too fond of this one...here are my issues with the place:1. Too Americanized. Although decor is very nice and seemingly authentic, there is a touch of fakeness and not authenticity about it all; The waitresses are always recomending the more "Americanized" dishes and knew very little of the more traditional Mediterranean dishes the few times that I dined here. 2. They started offering pasta! dishes!!! What travesty offering run of the mill spaghetti in a Hookah lounge and Mideterranean place, let's focus on the cuisine at hand!!!3. Kataifi, my favorite desert is gone!!!I still enjoyed my Fatoush salad and Baklava desert, and teas were certainly good, but food is still far from what it is at the Maryland location. It seems like the owners are trying to capitalize by abandoning more traditional fair and offering more "poplar with the masses" fair. I was not impressed and won't come to this location of Paymon's again, unless I am really pressed to find no other dining establishment (not likely).
4	everything was delicious!came with 2 others and we shared the shrimp, artichoke, cheese dip with parmesan crisps, the combination platter and the kabob trio.so effin good! the combination platter came with falafels, hummus, babaganoush, athen's fries, rice stuffed grape leaves (forgot what they were called), and other dips. soo yummy!then the trio came with lamb, ground beef, and chicken skewers, and came with this white saffron rice and this other orange colored rice which was so bomb! the meat was cooked perfect medium rare and the chicken skewers were sooo moist! not dry at all.i will totally come back here again. and fyi the hooka lounge is 21 and up. i figured this out because a bunch of high schoolers walked to the hooka lounge, then walked out all pissed because they couldn't get in. haha.
5	I first discovered Paymon's before I moved to Vegas.  I had read an article that said they unequivocally had the best fries in Las Vegas.  I rushed out and picked up an order of fries to go and wasn't disappointed.When I moved to Vegas, Paymon's was the first restaurant I ate at.  It was absolutely delicious and has a wide variety of menu offerings.  I love the freshly wrapped grape leaves.  The chilled leaves have just the right amount of citrus and are firm.  The lentil soup is savory and well balanced.  The soup itself can be very filling as a light meal.The Athens fries.  Where do I start?  These fries are always served hot and thick.  They aren't too starchy and are coated with Paymon's proprietary spice blend.  They are served with a delicious sauce.The spanikopita portion is huge.  The phyllo is flaky and the filling is rich and creamy.The salmon tandoori comes complete with a huge mound of rice.  The salmon is plump and tender, cut into large cubes.  The tangy seasoning is great and well balanced.Personally, I opt for the combination platter.  It is a little taste of everything, from falafel, fries, babaganoush, tabouli, bourrani an hummus.  It is served with fresh pita.Oh, and one of my friends would kill me if I didn't mention the Chicken Fesenjen.  He says it is killer.
4	Visited Paymon's for the first time this past weekend for my Dad's 50th birthday. I was a bit leery when we walked in, it was not very busy. The hostess seated us right away and a friendly waiter got us our drinks. Started with a Magic Carpet, my stepmom got a vanilla type of martini. Martini was kind of gross, but mine was delish (redbull, vodka, and chambord. Simple enough.) We had the combination as an appetizer, comes with falaffel, tabouli, baba ganoush, hummus, and bouranni and stuffed grape leaves which I always avoid at all costs. My homemade tabouli is much tastier, but the rest was very very good. This was all new to my Dad and he was impressed. Dad got chicken fesenjan, which he swore was amazing, as a vegetarian I refused to taste it, so all I can say is my Dad is a total meat and potatoes guy, and he was about to lick that damn plate. Hubby had meatball sandwich, not really sure why they serve Italian here! I got the eggplant panini and was not impressed, a bit bland, just a plain mushy sandwich. But the FRIES... omg YUM they really are great!! We finished up with some tirimasu, heavy on the rum, just the way we like it, and some sort of dessert martini which they added dark chocolate to at my request. All of the food was good, not super amazing, and I should have avoided the Italian and enjoyed Meditteranean. I would go back, great atmosphere! We had my kids and sadly could not enjoy the hookah, but the lounge smelled divine when we passed by it!
3	No longer my favorite restaurant in Las Vegas. The two previous years we were in LV on a business trip this was one of our favorites. This year the food seemed "tired." I have heard people on "Top Chef" talking about putting "heart" into their cooking. This time Paymon's food had no heart, it seemed like it was phoned in. Also the service was so-so. Therefore my review is down from 5 stars. I don't mean you should stay away, especially when you most everything you can spend money on in Las Vegas is a rip off. I did not feel ripped off this year, just disappointed. See my review on the Himalayan restaurant on Flamingo for our new favorite/good buy restaurant.
4	I'm a repeat customer of Paymon's, therefore I'm leaning toward 4 stars. Realistically, probably more 3.5 but let's not split hairs.The hostess was fantastic as soon as we walked in. She was friendly and alerted us to a nice booth that was just opening up, instead of just sticking us at any table.Our waiter was very familiar with all the dishes and recommended his favorites, as well as commented on the wines we were considering.Noticed that they have a 1/2 portion menu for a limited time that includes some of their huge portion items (like the Spanakopita).This evening we opted for the small Indian section of the menu (I know, Indian at a Mediterranean restaurant??)  The Chicken Tandoori was very tender and the Mango Chutney dipping sauce superb.  The portion was perfect also. The Chicken Curry dish was excellent, although I would have preferred more chicken. That was my only knock on the meal, although for the price I wouldn't say it's a deal breaker.The atmosphere is quite nice. And for the hookah smokers out there, the lounge is a great stop.All in all, Paymon's is a great off-strip stop and I will be back.
5	MEAT FILLED DOLMAS. MEAT FILLED DOLMAS.MEAT FILLED DOLMAS.JEWISH FUCKING CHRISTMAS!Hummus was great. MEAT FILLED DOLMAS!!!! were great. Athens fries were great. Greek salad with gyro meat was great.DISCO LEMONADE HOOKAH!!!! was great. Mango-Melon hookah was great.This place is just neato! I will surely be a repeat patron here, especially since it's 10 minutes from my house. GET THE MEAT FILLED DOLMAS!!!!
5	Nothing but great fun, delicious food, yummy specialty drinks and AWESOME hookah here!!! You can't go wrong with Paymon's!!! Happy Hour In the Lounge daily from 5-7pm but on Tuesdays it's Happy Hour from 5pm-1am!!! That means drinks, some appetizers, and all hookahs are half off!!!!! The ambiance is always cozy, lights are low, with great house music. There are tons of original hookah recipes to try, even alcohol-infused hookahs like the 25 to Life or the Southern Belle.Some of my favorites hookahs:*One Night Stand*Southern Belle*Beautiful Disaster *North Shore*GWB "Great White Buffalo"*Caribbean Dream*The Sangria*The Criminal*Applejax*French Toast*The Mau5and more!   Favorite Specialty Drinks:*The Grape Gatsby*Pink Grapefruit Martini*Lychee Martini*Caramel Apple Martini*Desert Sunset*Tangerine Mojito*Arabian Night *Pear-sian Drop MartiniFavorite Foods:*Chicken Curry*Steak Kabob (med rare)*Moussaka*Saganaki (flaming cheese)*Gyro Pita*Chicken Pesto Panini*Farfalle*Bruschette Salad*WingsFavorite Desserts:*Greek Rice Pudding*TiramisuThis is the ORIGINAL and BEST hookah lounge in Las Vegas and I love working there!
4	Hookah and hookah service is definitely 5 starsFood is what brings it down just half a star, maybe...I love Paymon's for hookah and their snacks...even the chicken fingers are yummy. They also have some mango flavored drink which is delicious and brings a big smile to my face.Finally ate a gyro sandwich (i think you have to say yee-ro but I'm never sure and therefore feel silly every time I order one) and this is what took it from 5 to 4 stars. I have had way better! And more authentic!  Other than that small disappointment I know I will be back. And not ordering a gyro.
5	This is one of my fave places in town.  I LOVE the food, and the menu is large and diverse.  I usually get the appetizer sampler, a variety of middle-eastern mezze that is the BOMB!  Definitely try to go during happy hour tho -- half price drinks and hookah.  Otherwise it can get pretty expensive!
4	There's one waitress in the hookah lounge here who constantly looks like she's trying to keep up...even on slow nights like Monday. So disappointing cuz I love the fact that this place is close to home. But when I mutter obscenities to her under my breath that I know I can't re-type on yelp it's bad news. Last couple times I have been less than amazed with the hookah in general-seems like the bowls are packed really tight or something, just gets harsh faster. I will continue to return and hope that maybe these last couple times have been flukes.
4	Had dinner here Monday night. Started off with an appetizer sampler, this was really good. The fries were a little stale, but as soon as we mentioned it out came a fresh batch. Let me tell you, these are by far the best fries I've have in Nevada. for dinner I had  Had the Lamb, Chicken and Beef Kabobs. Huge portions, I ended up boxing most of it up. Will def come back when I come through the neighborhood again.
5	When my wife and I first moved to Vegas in 2007, this was a place we fell in love with and frequented often. The food is excellent along with the atmosphere. We had a pre-New Years Eve party here in 2007 and all of our friends loved the place as well. The last time we were here was in the summer of 2009.The curry is to die for and they will make the food super spicy if you ask. The outdoor area is great in the summer and inside the restaurant area is nice, though can be a little tight, so not a place you want to talk about anything too personal, though a great place to eat. The Hookah area is great, and while my wife isn't a smoker, she loved their jasmine and vanilla flavored tobacco.Downside, you can't smoke a regular cigarette inside, though who would need too since you have a flavored hookah in front of you?
4	On a split decision place to go for happy hour, my fiance and I went to try out Paymon's. It was an excellent choice. The drinks are heavenly and being a bartender myself, that is a huge compliment. The happy hour prices are great and the appetizer quite delicious. We will definitely be going back soon.
4	So my lady and I came in for happy hour on a Monday evening with no expectations whatsoever.  We entered the lounge area where all the smoking takes place.  We're not smokers, but were pleasantly surprised with the subtle aroma of the few smokers in the vicinity.  I'd characterize it as a cross between pipe tobacco and light, fruity incense.Anyways, we enjoyed a number of the half-off appetizers and cocktails.  The appetizers were great.  We had the stuffed grape leaves (filled with a well-seasoned ground beef), the pesto pita pizza with mushrooms, the falafel and the chicken fingers dipped in a phenomenal buffalo sauce.  Each one was better than expected.  The drinks were also very good and we walked out with the perfect buzz.  I'd recommend the Lychee martini for a strong, yet tasty after-work drink.  The atmosphere was very serene and unique for the Vegas scene.  It was hard to imagine that we were in the heart of Summerlin while sitting on a wraparound couch and surrounded with dimmed, colored lighting and interesting, yet well-themed artwork.  We were there for an hour and had a great time.  There is no doubt we will be back.
4	I can't say that the rating I am leaving is for the food alone, we had a UYE here tonight and had a pretty good time. A few rounds of drinks, some great Athens fries, some stuffed grape leaves and a plate of calamari later...What else can you ask for. Hmmm the mad hatter, that's what. The local hookah master took good care of us refilling our hashish right when we needed it. We went from mint to the mad hatter and I have to say, The Mad Hatter takes the cake. Tonight was the happy hour in the hookah lounge and it makes it very very affordable, the decor was done well, the light is kept low and the music is turned up as the night goes on. The place has a slight clubbish vibe when it comes to the music and the atmosphere which was nice. The music was loud but not obnoxious, we could still carry on a conversation without screaming. From looking at the regular menu I can see that the food may be a little pricey when not on happy hour but this is now a Tuesday happy hour favorite for me.
5	As most know the UYE was held at Paymon's last night.  Before Ray, Matt, Misti & hubby, and My T graced me with their presence I was politely offered a booth by the hostess and given menus by our waitress Jazz.  Jazz was polite and got the mint hookah off and rolling.  As I eagerly awaited the entrance of my fellow Yelpers, Paymon came around to all the tables to greet his guest.I spoke to Paymon for about five minutes explaining to him my admiration for his first lounge that I frequent on Maryland & Flamingo.  I also told him I was impressed being my first visit at his newest establishment.  Paymon couldn't be a more pleasant host/owner to talk to.  He even was able to include a nice family story about his business journey before he departed for the evening.  To me that is what small business is all about; loving what you do.I digressed my fellow Yelpers, after the event last night I can tell we are on the brink of bringing Las Vegas to the forefront of the Yelp world.  The conversation between everyone at the event last night was genuine and varied in subject matter.  I had just been introduced to everyone for the first time and I felt the same as the conversations I have with my close friends.I know this review is for Paymon's and Ray pretty much established my feelings of the food and hookah last night in his review.  I feel it's important for you all to know that the Vegas Yelp community awesome! I hope you all decide to take part, because its going to be fun!
4	As always, I enjoyed the fries. This is my second trip to this one and I had the Steak kebab which was nice but not exceptional. The fries completely make this a late night snack place for me though.Last time I had the unlimited pasta and that was great value - BTW there is nothing wrong with having a side of their Athens fries as an appetizer before pasta!
5	Let me just start out by saying that I must return to purchase their seasoning for the Athens Fries!I was just here on friday, and Their pita is delicious, our server was friendly and helpful!I got the eggplant parmesan. I Liked the Penne a lot, but it was a lot of food for me. I'd maybe have preferred half the amount of penne and has salad instead, but the eggplant parmesan was SO GOOOOOD!!I really enjoy the atmosphere too.
4	Got a chance to head back up to Paymon's last night for a few drinks with some coworkers.  Returning after a little over a month ago Paymon's was just as I remember.  The vibe last night was relaxing and our hookah expert immediately brought out the special mix to complement our drinks and Athens fries.  Overall, the service last night was a little on the slow side, however, the food, drinks, and hookah were all on point and my fellow coworkers found a new place to hangout at.
4	I enjoyed this place. I came here with my family and extended family who live out in the Vegas area. It was good. I had the saganaki appetizer and mozzarella sticks which were both excellent. I like the Italian/Mediterranean theme they have going on. I ordered the gyro platter for dinner and thought it was delicious. I wish I wasnt with family because I wouldve loved to go into the hookah lounge and smoke. I ordered a side of their anthens fries, and they were really bomb
4	Hummmm... Falafel pita sandwich with seasoned fries! Great place for both vegetarian and meat eater's, The food is good, the place is cute with a good atmosphere, the menu is pretty big, the staff is nice and they have a fun Hookah lounge.Most of the vegetarian items can be made vegan and every time I have been there the food was tasty. It's also a great spot to go for Happy Hours with friends.
3	After seeing so many coupons we decided to give it a try.I had the gyros salad and my husband had a gyros pita sandwich there.Portion sizes are overly generous and flavourful however I would say this isn't the best mediterranean food I've ever had (that is reserved for La Shish in Dearborn, MI which is now closed - they made fresh mini pitas served with roasted garlic puree - to die for!). The pita bread is ok but not great. Same goes with the fries. The salad was ok but very cumbersome to eat - the gyros meat was also stone cold.Overall, this was an okay experience - nothing too bad, but not so great either.
3	Paymon's (on Sahara) has gone from being a "treat" to more of a stand-by neighborhood restaurant, as my wife and 2 kids (10 & 7) enjoy ethnic and different places to eat.  And, what used to look like a pretty daunting restaurant (I mean, with the Hookah Lounge tag on the name and the rather imposing storefront), has become like a coffee shop or diner for us...and that's mostly a good thing.I like the huge menu, and the ability to pick from Italian, Persian, Greek, and Indian (albeit only 3 choices) selections.  On Wednesdays, it's 25% off your entire tab, a great value!  Not being subscribers of local papers and always tossing out the ad-paks that come in the mail, I haven't seen all the 'coupons' mentioned by others.  So what about the food?Decent job of the Chicken Curry - and the spice-to-taste option is great.  My 10-yr old enjoys it mild; I love it spiced to the max!  She wishes they put potatoes in the curry, but with the wonderful rice-bed that the curry sits on, I think she can live without the potatoes.  Maybe some veggies (besides the cursory onions) would make it a little more interesting, but hey, this isn't the Red Velvet Vegan Cafe (just down the street a bit).Paymon's Greek platters are also good - Gyros platter, Baked Kibbe platter, etc.  I wish the Kibbe wasn't quite as "moist", and retained more of the beef texture, but it's still quite good.  I think the Athens Fries is a bit overrated - a little too salty for my taste.  I also enjoy the Fesenjan (Chicken breast cuts in a slightly tart/sweet yummy pomengranate sauce), but it wasn't to my wife's liking.  Your experience will very much vary depending on how you take to the specific spices used in each dish, so ask the server to elaborate.The service is good, almost family-like, unless they are packed.  Then, a certain level of panic seems to set in, and it becomes hard to flag down your server.  Funny - I still like restaurants where the person who took your order is the same person who brings your food.  Sometime about 10 years ago, I think most "big box restaurants" adopted a serving method where someone more junior and less experienced than the person who took your order always brings out the food...and you lose the chance to question the food at the moment it arrives.  That is definitely a pet peeve of mine...especially when your original server who heard your specific requests doesn't come around until at least 5-10 minutes after another person has dropped the plates of food in front of you!  Annoying!  BUT...this doesn't happen at Paymon's!Portions are large enough that I don't recall having room for dessert yet at Paymon's.  All in all, Paymon's is a handy restaurant to have close by.  They stay open to 11 pm every night, so no rushing down by 8 pm to try and make it.  Since our family has no interest in the Hookah Lounge, we don't even see the area to the left of the entrance.  The atmosphere inside is a slightly cheesy cross between Istanbul and the Taj Mahal, but it's not overbearing, and kind of grows on you.  Those who tend to always be cold should bring a sweater...unless you're going to be eating the extra-spiced version of the Chicken Curry!
4	Good all around restaurant.  Great service.  Good eats.  I recommend the following the "Chicken Marsala", "Lasagna", and the "Koobideh Ground beef kabobs".
4	I have always heard rave reviews about Paymon's and finally decided to give it a shot.I decided to try their Athens fries, since everyone has always recommended them. I must say, they lived up to the hype! I love Mediterranean food and their gyros are definitely a must try. I can't remember the name of the gyro, but it had eggplant in it. Yummy!The customer service is fantastic. I also love the decor and atmosphere the restaurant gives off.I will definitely come back. Paymon's has won me over! :)
5	Although this is my first review for Paymon's, I have dined and lunched in several times and it's always a 5 stars especially with the Chicken Tandoori and Chicken Curry. However, I am on a veggie cleanse and after eating all the veggie dishes last night with a friend....it is as good as it gets! Paymon's is definitely a very good restaurant with a wide range of variety of dishes that a meat carnivore and veggie delight eater can both enjoy! As veggie delight eaters, we ordered the following:STUFFED GRAPE LEAVESServed cold as Paymon's Greek version of Dolmas consists of young, tender, grape leaves, stuffed with rice and flavorful herbs. Served with delicious Tzatziki sauce.ATHENS FRIESAs it says on the menu, these fries are highly addictive and indeed they are! Addiction derives from their house seasoned fries accompanied by a delicious creamy dipping. Nevertheless, I like to dip mine with their special bottled hot sauce.HUMMUSOne of my favorite delectable dip! Puree of chickpeas, Tahini, fresh garlic, olive oil and fresh lemon juice. BABA GANOSHThe name speaks for it self, it sounds like a hot Greek man riding on a white horse down the white sands of Greece....but it is a scrumptious mixture of seasoned, baked eggplant, blended with Tahini, fresh garlic, Olive oil and fresh lemon juice.TABULI SALADWhat a fresh Mediterranean classic of a salad! Tabuli salad is combined with chopped parsley, bulgur wheat, tomatoes, cucumbers, onions and fresh mint leaves. Tossed with their house seasonings, extra virgin Olive oil and fresh lemon juice.  I know I know...it has gluten in it, but it's already hard to be gluten free so I ate it anyway! This salad is delicious!!EGGPLANT PARMESANThis Fresh Eggplant coated with Italian bread crumbs, layered with roasted whole garlic, Marinara sauce and topped with Mozzarella cheese was sooooo gooood!!!  It even came with Barilla penne pasta Marinara which made the dish so huge and plenty of left overs.I heart Paymon's!!
4	Full disclosure: Sentimental favorite. We went to the original on Maryland Parkway when my wife and I were dating 15 years ago. It was a treat for us poor college kids. When we vacation in Vegas once a year or so, Paymon's is always a must do. The fried calamari appetizer is well done. Nothing to rave about, but it's good. The real draw, for us, is:The "gyros in pita" is awesome. Lots of meat, plenty of veg, and a wonderful tzatziki sauce. Always pair it with Athens fries. Overall, the food here is fresh and clean, with nice Med flavors. There's something here for everyone, including vegetarians and carnivores. This place is just solid: Never had a bad experience here in over 15 years!
2	I heard really good things about this place for a long time. So I decided to take a friend there for  lunch.  I ordered the kabob platter which was very bland.  My friend ordered a gyro but when the order came out it was a chicken gyro. When she pointed out the mistake the waiter took it back with apologies.  Totally forgiveable. But a moment later you could loudly here the kitchen staff arguing with the waiter about the mistake.  The waiter then very quickly returned with the correct order.  The service was very good untill the end of the meal when I  wanted the check.  The waiter was nowhere to be found. I had to ask the bus boy for the check witch the host brought to the table.  I was a very disappointing experience after all the great things I have heard.  I'm hoping it was just a bad day. I will give this place one more shot but it may  be a while before I return.
5	This is definitely my favorite Mediterranean Restaurant. My Mom and sister come here to eat healthy... they get soup with salad and some tea while I absolutely crave their Athens Fries and Rice Pudding. I never even liked rice pudding until I had it here.My favorite dish is the chicken curry but I swap it out occasionally and it's always good.  This place is never packed so you can always get in and the service has always been really good with no issues.
4	After visiting various hookah bars since the ripe old age of 18 I can definitely say that Paymon's is by far the best I've been to.The decor is awesome, Mediterranean themed with a very relaxed atmosphere. The comfy bench seating and throw pillows always make me feel at home. The only think I don't like is the tables and chairs made for little people. I am 5'10" and the boyfriend is 6'5" so when we go with a group of friends it is always a bit cramped. However, when it's just me and him we spread out comfortably. The hookahs are always smooth and tasty, at $15 each it doesn't get any better. I have tried hookahs at bars and clubs in town and they were no where near Paymon's standards and are usually double the price! The food is pretty good as well, I am not much into Mediterranean food except maybe hummus. The pesto hummus at Paymon's is delicious! You cannot go wrong with their "Athens Fries", the spices that they use to season the fries are out of this world! The drinks are so/so every specialty drink I have had has been overpowering or not the right flavor combinations so I stick to beer or pellegrino most of the time.The service is hit or miss, sometimes it is excellent and other times we are waiting 45 min for a hookah or 30 min for drink refills. I guess it depends on who serves you. Paymon's happy hour is one of the best in town with $7.50 hookahs and half off drinks and appetizers. Tuesdays are locals nights where happy hour goes from 5pm-1am, just make sure you get there early since the place fills up fast!
5	This place is pretty awesome.  Me and my girlfriend ate here for our 11 months (aww how cute), and it was a fantastic night.  I had the Curry Chicken, she had the Chicken Kabob thingys with humus.  We split an order of the Athens Fries (I got the reference for the fries from other reviewers. They were pretty awesome) and got a bottle of wine.  The food was delicious, the wine was perfect for the food, and we had leftovers to take back to enjoy later. After dinner we went to the adjoining room and got a spot to smoke some hookah.  2 friends joined us to smoke and we all sat around talked and had some drinks also.  The dirty martini with Belvidere vodka was probably the best one Ive ever had from anywhere.  The atmosphere in there was awesome, the music never got annoying, and we had a great time.  The only thing I would change about this place is I would keep it open later than 1am.  I wish they had a place like this in Long Beach. Maybe Ill open one like it someday.
4	I've been here twice. Once several years ago and most recently, a few days ago for a friend's birthday. On the advice of said friend, I ordered the Fesenjan. I'm usually really into pomegranate concoctions, so I was sold as soon as I read the description. To be honest, I enjoyed it thoroughly, but it was a tad too sweet.I also had their Passion Fruit Iced Tea. I remember having that last time and it is definitely my go-to drink whenever I return. On a side note, my friend ordered the Chicken Curry. She is hardcore when it comes to spicy food. She asked the waiter to make it as spicy as possible. I tried it and it definitely kicked my butt.Paymon's has a lot of charm. The servers are extremely accommodating and friendly. When they say Mediterranean, they mean it. I always thought they were primarily Persian, but they offer Greek, Italian, and I'm sure other cuisine styles that I haven't bothered to identify.It's not a place I would go to often. However, I would never hesitate whenever someone makes the suggestion.
2	I have given this place two goes and question it's success. The food is nearly terrible. The only upside is that it's a Hookah Lounge and it's a nice little spot for a successful date. But if you're in it for the food, keep on searching. Kabobs and such are NOT done right here.
4	It's been a while since I visited this place probably the last time was the original location on Maryland Parkway at least 4 years ago. I gotta say that I was impressed. We were greeted promptly and given a good table. They are very kid friendly as well. Our waitress was very friendly, attentive and helpful. The fries with some sort of remoulade sauce were tasty. Could not stop eating them and took some to go. I missed having a good calamari app and this one did not fall short of expectations. Crispy light and flavorful with a great tasting marinara type sauce. We also ordered the hummus and eggplant appetizers. This is one of 2 reasons why this is about a 4 - 4.5 star review. The food runner dropped off the the apps but failed to give us any type of flat bread or whatever for dipping. Our waitress was able to correct this about 6 minutes later. Entrees we had the chicken curry with basmati rice....winner winner you know the rest. The Moussaka unexpectedly had beef, duh shoud have read the menu better, but was nothing short of great. We took some gyros to go for some friends. Had a bite later, the meat was great, good tzaziki sauce, but it just needs a better wrapper. Don't know what they are called, but I have had them in other places, almost like a naan bread or something. I will be back again for the baklava. Hats off to you guys for the comfortable atmosphere, good food and service. Something refreshing for a change and I love Mediterranean food.
4	Paymon's is on my regular rotation since it is near my work and one of the few Mediterranean places close by. (RIP Madpita Express *sniff sniff*) I would really give it 3.5 stars so I rounded up. The prices are high for what you get. The salads are a deal though, as you can easily share them. The Gyro salad is huge and pretty tasty. The gyro pita sandwich however doesn't fare as well. We always have to ask for more tahini sauce because of the minuscule amount they put on it. The sandwich is honestly mostly lettuce, very little meat. The pasta I've had there wasn't horrible, but it also wasn't anything I have reordered since. I tried the pesto sauce with angel hair pasta. The pesto lacked flavor and was too heavy for my liking. The food here isn't amazing by any means, but it's sufficient for a nice business lunch.
2	Mediocre.  Too much quantity over quality. And whats with the HUGE beverage glasses. Waitress didn't know much about the food. Have to say tho', had a better experience at their location near Las Vegas airport.
2	I've been going here for years and used to love the place and the original on Maryland Pkwy! However, the wait staff is mediocre now and the food portions are getting way too small and the prices way too high!Ordered hummus and it covered the plate but you could've read a newspaper through it and my gyro had about 1/2 the meat it used to. We haven't been very satisfied the last few times we've been here and the food's way overpriced, $9 gyro and $14 salad (add chicken)?!?! We won't be going back.
4	Hmm...So I guess peer pressure really does work. I never thought I'd be praising a hookah lounge, let alone just trying the stuff, and now here I am! Paymon's has two locations: one by UNLV and the other in the Northwest part of town (the Sahara location definitely has less criminal activity and is therefore my favorite one). Surprisingly, it's actually pretty classy inside and I didn't expect it to be as nice as it is. Upon walking in, I was pleased to see that both locations are beautifully decorated in a Moroccan style with gorgeous pillows and dimly lit lanterns that make me feel like I'm in Aladdin. Come here to hang out with friends, unwind after work, have a few drinks and just relax.  Even the food is pretty tasty. Mostly locals frequent Paymon's, so it's safe to say that the chances of a tour bus packed full of foreigners unloading there are slim. The hookah flavors choices are wide but my favorite by far is green apple.  It's amazing how real it tastes!  AND its calorie free. If you're hungry for real food, don't miss the Athens fries, which are awesome and an order of hummus and pita bread.
4	Fun place to hang out after a busy week. The food is great and a nice variety of drinks(of course I only drink wine). Creating your own Hooka is my favorite part, and if your not sure what to get, you can always order off the Hooka menu. The music is upbeat... i only wish they had a dance floor.Last but by no means least, the staff is amazing...they give it a "Cheers" vibe....everybody knows your name and they're ALWAYS glad you came.
5	Paymon's has been one of my all time favorite places in Vegas for years now.  They always offer excellent food and service at both of their locations. Anis, at the Sahara location, is the best server ever!  Very attentive to all your needs and always in a great mood!  I enjoy going there to see Anis and eat my Gyro salad and hummus with pesto!  You have GOT to try the Athen's fries!!  Even if you don't like fries, you will like these.  The seasoning they use is out of this world!  You can also purchase a container of the seasoning in the front by the hostess stand.  I put it on chicken that I cook at home.Paymon's also offers great deals like customer appreciation night on Wednesday's!  25% off.... a good deal! Go check this place out if you haven't yet! You won't be disappointed.
2	I really went to Paymon's with high hopes after reading all of the great reviews, but sadly, I was disappointed.  Maybe it was an off night, maybe it was because we arrived toward the end of happy hour, but regardless, it just was okay at best.I met my friend at the hookah bar, where we were quickly set up with the Disco Lemonade hookah and ordered drinks.  The drinks (apple martini for my friend, lychee martini for myself), were actually quite good, as was the hookah, which was mild and flavorful.  That's where the good stuff ends, though.Service from that point was a slow and lacking. We ordered 3 dishes: the wings, calamari, and the Athens fries, which took quite awhile to come out, were lukewarm at best, and tasted old- as if they had been sitting out for awhile.  The hookah attendant seemed annoyed that we weren't smoking our hookah fast enough and *gasp* socializing and talking to each other.  When we finished our meal, we asked our waitress for boxes for the leftovers, which she never brought.  No one ever came back to ask if we were done, needed anything else- or even to bring our check.  After waiting for at least 20 minutes, we finally tracked down our waitress at the bar to ask for the boxes and the bill.  The boxes were given to us with annoyance, and after seeing us struggle with them, a bag wasn't offered- luckily, the hostess at the front offered one to us.I am not sure if I'll give it another chance.  I did like the location, the look of the lounge, but the food and service...as the stars say- "meh."
4	Always loved it here at paymons. I always get the same thing though, and can't go wrong. The gyro is great! And gotta get a side of their Cajun fries. But make sure you have gum after; the fries leave you with an unpleasant breath afterwards. Service is usually always great. We have a 20 month old, and I love their highchairs. It's the plastic ones that are almost like a high chair you would have at home. The only negative comment I have is that my gyro always falls apart!
4	For Mediterranean or maybe Italian this place will make your belly happy.  I usually order the Athens fries and Falafel.  Eggplant parm was also good and filling.  Great atmosphere when you walk in from 100 degree weather. Great place to do a business lunch.  I give it 4 stars.
1	This review was meant for the cafe. As far as the hookah lounge goes, everything is pretty cool. I.E. decor, hookah, service. But today I figured 'what the heck,' and decided to have dinner in the cafe...First off, let me tell you that this place is like the Olive Garden of Mediterranean food. And by that, I mean everything looked and tasted as if it was prepared hours ago and had been sitting in a kitchen waiting for the rush to come in.  Possibly reheated. I dont know, but every dish I ordered reminded of  the cheap quality dishes you find at food chains like Sizzler or Applebees. Seriously, I love paymons for their hookah lounge but the quality of their dinner food was very very very disappointing. Stick to the hookah, get food somewhere else.
5	For great Mediterranean food and some great hookah in a super chill hookah lounge there is no place better. If someone wants hookah or Greek food, I am going to always bring them here until I find someplace better.
4	We went here on a Saturday night around 8:00 PM. For appetizers we got hummus and bread. HOLY HUMMUS!!! It was delicious!!! If it wasn't for the pita bread I would have spooned the hummus into my mouth. I forget the complete description of my entree, but they should have just called Salmon marinated in heaven with rice. The salmon was cooked and seasoned perfectly. The ultimate flavor party came when I made little sandwiches from pita bread, salmon and rice. WOW. This is great Mediterranean food.
4	A great little place away from the strip.  The service at this place was extremely wonderful.  The Hummus and fries for appetizers... great!!The Chicken Curry and Gyro was both delicious! Can't wait to stop in again.
4	I love this place!!!!The fries are off the hook, mixing hookah flavors amazing, full bar, reservations can be made for the dining portion on the hookah its first come first serve.  Great music as well!Watch out for the bill though as they can mistake a cash payment for the tab as a tip.
5	YOU MUST TRY THEIR EGGPLANT PANINI! SO GOOD! That is all.
5	The food was excellent.  I love the atmosphere, the drinks and the blueberry tobacco.
5	Another place that i MUST visit everytime I'm in Vegas!!  stumbled across this place one day looking for a lunch spot before a massage.  My best friend and I went in and were greeted by a very nice gentleman who seated us in their dining room and began to discuss middle eastern culture and food... they had a beautiful hookah room separated from the dining area decorated with gorgeous pillows and couches where you could have hookah and listen to soothing music.The food was amazing... as if my grandma was in the back kitchen herself making the grape leaves from scratch!  They were so good i was tempted to order a second dish of it... we also shared a panini and fries that were off the hook!  Salad was also yummers!! They have weekly food and hookah specials and are also known for their array of spices which they also sell online.  Very authentic place... I also wish they had a location in LA closer to me. :)
2	what happened to the mediterranean food... when i go there now its all italian! I know italy is on the mediterranean (i hope ;) ) but what little mediterranean food they have on their menu is now just bad... this used to be a great restaurant that all my friends and i would go eat at, but now the food is just bad... Service was great though, dont get me wrong! I just didnt like their new menu... I havent done their hookah lounge and that may be good, but im not into hookahs...
5	If I could add another star, I would.I'm particularly a fan of the Lounge area... local lounges don't get better. The atmosphere, the people, it's just all around AWESOME.
4	I've been to Paymon's once for dinner, and had some really good food so I fully intend to return! What really won me over was the Saganaki, aka, greek salty cheese flambeed with Bacardi rum and finished off with a splash of lemon juice. Oh my god, this appetizer alone is worth 4 stars!!!! There are no words for how amazing this was. We also had the warm dolmas, the Pastitsio (another must try), and the gyros platter. I left there pretty full and happy. Delicious!!!
5	Best gyros, athens fries are amazing! Service is usually really good.
4	Took my husband to lunch there today, he had never been.The food was great and the prices are fair, which is good because the portions are medium not large sized.It's always a great place for me to introduce people to Meditteranean food!
4	yummy and right across the street from me...
4	Great spot for some tasty Greek / Mediterranean food.  Atmosphere is cool, prices are fair, service is nice.  This is a place to go often.
3	Went for lunch last week. Athens fries are a must! I also had the chicken pita. The chicken was great! The pita bread was very dry. Not sure if that is how it usually is, or if it was just old. Service was s...l....o....w.... If you plan on going during lunch, be sure you have an entire hour, and work close by. Getting a refill took forever as well. They food was great, service is what brings my rating down.
4	This place is good. There are great hookahs there. I recommend the frozen thief or frozen skittles. And if Randy is working, he is great at creating custom combinations.I can't give it 5 stars because of the price, $20 seems a little to high for hookahs.However, if you go on Tuesday nights, hookahs and drinks are half off. If you're in summerlin, this is the perfect place to go on Tuesday nights.Also try the flaming saganaki, it's delicious (though it's weird my browser/Yelp thinks saganaki is a misspelling)
4	I LOVE THIS PLACE!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Both locations are great, but I prefer the west side. They have over 20 vegetarian selections and I gotta tell you I am a creature of habit and I would eat here every day if I could. They have some of the most amazing salads, try the Bruschette Salad and the Athens Fries are amazinggggg.
5	My favourite restaurant in Las Vegas... PERIOD!Saganaki (Fried Cheese Heaven)Spanakopita (Spinach/Cheese Pie with the flakiest crust ever!)Buttered Basmati Rice (The best rice of all time)I love their food, I love their service, I always check in via Twitter and they ALWAYS reply back, it's awesome. I've also been to their hookah lounge with friends a number of times and it's a great place to hang out and the ambience is terrific.Also, every Wednesday night from 5 to 9, get 25% off your check. Can't beat that!
5	This is my favorite Paymons.  It's got easy parking, good location, and great food and tea.  It is just a bit nicer then eh one on Maryland parkway.  The Hookah lounge is also more swanky and tons more spacious.  My favorites are the veggie combo platter or the kabobs.  The baba ghanosh and falafel are great.  The Athens fries are spectacular, I don' t think I have had any bad food at Paymon's.
4	TIP: good for family and / or friends (hookah lounge)Addictive athens fries, killer lamb kebobs, huge portions, reasonable prices, even good coffee, gyro plate was 10.95 which was a good deal considering how much food and meat they give you, the combo appetizer was really good, had everything from hummus to baba ganoush; you know this place is good when there's both zagat and yelp stickers on the front door.  Their menu is extensive, even have italian food.  there's even an unlimited pasta deal which you shouldn't get because the kebob plates are a must try.
4	I absolutely LOVE this place its the best. Weather you eat in the restaurant part or enjoy the hookah lounge your gonna have great service and a fun experience. When I decide to eat in the restaurant part I order their Athen Fries and I always order the Penne Pesto Pasta OMG its an orgasm in my mouth sooo sooo sooo delicious!!! The sauce they use for it is rich and creamy so yummy I use to order it with extra sauce and no mushrooms to die for! If your going for lunch and want something a little less filling you gotta try their Falafel Flat Bread Sandwich its so delicious and the tahini sauce is awesome. I really have nothing bad to say about this place everythings great here if you want good Mediterranean food this is the place =)
1	I am sad to say one of my old time favorites went down hill. Nothing was fresh, grape leaves must have been days or weeks old, my lettuce was brown, my Hubs rice was full of butter, and our service lacked a hospitable feeling. After having so many new mediterranean places in town ~ I will keep looking....
3	Overall I think that this restaurant offers great value in terms of their portions and their pricing. One person can easily have lunch their for under $15 and leave being extremely stuffed. However, I would not recommend this place if you were looking for legit mediterranean (Italian/Greek) cuisine, since items at this restaurant are fairly Americanized. Likewise, it is probably because many of the dishes are already so westernized that majority of the customers would enjoy their flavours (some people don't like actual greek flavours). Overall, if you're looking for something legitimately Mediterranean, this might not be the restaurant for you, but if you want something INSPIRED by Mediterranean cooking, I think this would be an excellent place to try out.I would love to return to this place if I ever return to Vegas!PS. Order small, b/c things come in big portions. When I went I didn't have enough room to try desert even though I wanted to :( .
2	Great for appetizers and hookah, bad for dinner.Maybe I got slighted because I went during the late night hours. The hummus and Athens fries are always good. They have loose leaf tea which is a plus, but the dinner entrees that myself and the rest of my party ordered were equivalent to overpriced Mediterranean fast food.Ordered a chicken pita. It was alright, nothing extraordinary. Chicken was a bit dry and there was a lot of it, which explains why the pita was served in a paper wrap with printed instructions on how to eat it, so as to avoid a food explosion. It could have benefited from a bit more veggies and tsatziki, as there were only a few lettuce leaves and a sparse amount of tomato and sauce.The others in our party ordered a brushcette salad with chicken that was also dry with very bitter and overdressed romaine. There were also quite a few lettuce stems in the salad which is quite bizarre. A broiled steak kabob was also ordered. Again nothing extraordinary for the price. Rice was very salty, the green beans with tomato sauce were reminiscent of something you'd find in a geriatric cafeteria.Service was also painfully slow and one waitress was arguing with what appeared to be her boyfriend. Despite that, our waiter was polite and took the salad off of our check.
3	I've always liked Paymon's.  It's not the most exciting food in the world, but it's consistent, good renditions of all of the expected Americanized "Mediterranean" faves, hummus, baba g, falafel, etc...  I do love the lentil soup.  Love love the iced tea.  Gyros are just fine and fresh but nothin spesh.Paymon's is always a strike down the middle for me.  No curveballs, nothing unexpected.  Easy to hit a fastball down the middle and they always do.  So they seem like an A-OK all day, so three stars for you, Paymon's...
5	Love the atmosphere and the food! I can go with a partner for some hookah or with a large party! I Love the decor it is very cosy and the "hookah baristas" are awesome!!! i love the gyro salad!!!
2	This place used to be the best. It's gone downhill. Service is not very good and food isn't what it used to be, won't go back now that there's better places like Khoury's and Yassou's.
2	Paymon's has always been a local favorite, but I can only provide a very mediocre review. We came in about 6 on Friday evening. The place was not busy, and the hostess greeted us right away. Fine. But she takes us to a table literally steps from the front door, directly in line with the kitchen door. Can you say freeway? Could have asked for another table, but I didn't...so my bad, but I don't think I should have had to...Server came and took orders promptly, ok so far. Hummus appetizer comes out quickly, always delicious. Then the entrees came out, gyros salad for me, falamus pita for my wife. also delicious. Maybe not exactly authentic Mediterranean food, but yummy nonetheless. Shared a few Athens fries...these are the bomb.So what's the problem? Indifferent service.  Our server did not once stop and ask how we were doing. After he took our order, he literally disappeared. A different server brought the food out, and of course our server didn't bother to check if we got everything we needed. He must have passed our table 10 times without so much as a nod of the head. I even had to flag him down for a water refill! We finished eating and just sat there. No offer of dessert, nothing.  I flagged him down for the check, since by that time I was getting annoyed and just wanted to split. We like Paymon's and will probably go back, but if the service is as poor  next time, we'll move on.
2	I appreciate the owner responding, shows character and he stands behind his product.
4	One of the best happy hours in town! Delicious drinks, food, & hookah. The lounge part of the restaraunt is done so well with tapestries hanging fromThe walls to lighting that gives you a whole different experience. Let's be real though. We all know what's goodTheir... Two words: Athens Fries. Holy cow. Get one forYourself and do not share. NotEven with your Grandmother. Ok maybe her, but that's it. I would also recommend trying their baklava & Eggplant Parmesan. Simply delicious. The baklava is some of the best I have ever had. It's light and flakey and not too sweet. The staff is also excellent. Always welcoming and take care of you very well. My Tip:Happy Hour is the way to go. Everything is half off!
4	Place is so gooooooood. skip the hummus though it's really bland.  gyro platter a+, service is hit or miss.  their passion fruit ice tea is delish.  My friend's husband is British and swears by their curry dishes. They have Greek AND Italian food AND some Indian Curry, so lots of menu selections. Sandwiches and salads are large too.BUT my favorite thing is their hot sauce. It's like Tabasco, but BETTER. They make it in house I swear we go through 1/2 a bottle each time we are there!
4	Even though Paymon's is a bit overpriced I have such warm fuzzy feelings for it. I had my first date with my boyfriend there. It was his pick. Yay for originality!I like that there is a bit of flexibility in their dishes. I can have pasta, or curry or gyros. So there isn't a big fuss if a group of us want to eat there and all have different tastes. My usual for quite awhile was the broiled steak kabob. The meat is always very tasty (but not always the most tender) and the basmati rice fluffy and nicely spiced. The vegetables are always overcooked. Not that I'm a bit fan of them anyway but I might be more enticed to eat them if this was not the case.My current favorite is the chicken curry. I get it about medium spicy but then I cover it in their racy red sauce. I could pour that on just about everything it's so good. The hummus is my  mom's favorite dish. I like it too but it is so filling that I usually can't finish my entree if we get it as an appetizer. The gyros are nice, the meat is not dry and they are really smashing with a side of Athens fries. The sauce that comes with the fries is pretty addictive.
3	The interior of Paymon's is very warm and inviting with a lot of mixed and matched Fall colors everywhere and fake trees/bushes. From what I see in the pictures, the Hookah lounge is gorgeous, but I didn't get to see it since we were just here for lunch. The waitress sat us in a booth a quickly brought out our water and told us what she recommended. We ordered:Fried Calamari ($9.50) - Topped with grated parmesan cheese and served with spicy marinara sauce.Pastitsio ($12.95) - layered casserole made with lean ground beef, Barilla pasta, tomato, parmesan cheese, and several herbs and spices. Topped with bechamel sauce, oven baked and served on a roasted tomato coulis. Served with Mediterranean vegetables.Gyro ($8.75) - Slices of beef and lamb, served with fresh romaine lettuce, red onions, tomatoes and Greek tzatziki sauce.+Athens fries for $2.95 extraTo be honest, I found this all to be a little overpriced. Our bill came out to be over $40 with tip because we also ordered iced tea and a soda. However, the food was very good. The meat in the Gyro was very tender and the fries were crisp and perfectly seasoned. I don't know what kind of dipping sauce they gave us with the Athens fries, but it was addicting. The Pastitsio was very flavorful although a little too heavy for my liking, so I probably wouldn't order it again. The calamari was heavenly; Lightly breaded, tender, and oozing with flavor Parmesan/herb goodness. The marinara sauce was an added bonus. I normally prefer my Calamari with marinara as opposed to aioli. If it weren't for the regular menu being a tad overpriced, I would give this place an easy 4 stars. I just don't think I can justify the Gyro and fries being about $12 and the Calamari being $9.50. I'll have to come back again during happy hour when Calamari is only $4.75, so I can add on another star ;)*Tips-Customer Appreciation Night: Wednesdays from 5-9pm, 25% off bill-Tuesdays: from 5pm-1am all specialty cocktails, beer, mixed drinks, hookahs and lounge food at 50% off-AYCE pasta for $8.95
5	Hands down, the best food and service in Las Vegas. I recently took my fiance there for lunch and and he's SO picky about his food. When we left, he couldn't stop rqaving about how amazing everything tasted. We ordered our meal family style and left licking our plates clean! The restaurant is so well kept, modern, yet still such a cozy atmosphere. And the food... well it's probably the most mouthwatering selection of Mediterranean cuisine in the entire state of Nevada. Above all, the service is fantastic. We had Judy as our waiter and she was so, so wonderful and attentive. We love Paymon's so much we've decided to hire them for our caterer for our wedding as well!!! So far, the experience has been seamless. Paymon is truly an expert at what he does and it's the one facet of my wedding that I know is going to be a complete success without any hitches! The wedding is two weeks away and I trust that I'm going to get equally glowing reviews from all my guests about the food!!
3	Interesting. Italian, Greek, and Persian food all mixed in to one place. And you know what ; it works. I eat a lot of middle eastern food and this is actually pretty good. The humus and Babaganoush were pretty good. The chicken kabob was good, the ground lamb was good, although the beef was chewy. Deserts are good, and I really liked their french fries...yes a Mediterranean style restaurant with fries. I must say that Judy, are waitress, was amazing: efficient, great personality, and very attentive.For the very affordable price, good food, nice ambiance, and great service I would definitely come back here.
1	I used to go to the Paymons by UNLV fairly frequently when i lived on that side of town. My boyfriend and i were in the market for a new happy hour to check out, so i found this place on my mobile app. Regretting it greatly now.First regret, the specialty cocktails. Margaritas were ridiculously too sweet, and i read through the ingredients. They use a mix i have used before, so i'm not sure how those got screwed up... and I'm a bartender. Next, we ordered the hummus as a starter, and it arrived surprisingly fast. Downside however was it was depressingly bland and oozy, not thick or flavorful at all. We figured oh well, the entrees should make up for it.I ordered the gyro pita, accompanied by athens fries, my boyfriend got the pesto pizza. I couldn't pick up the thing, cuz it would probably fall apart, so i proceeded to make little mini pitas by tearing pieces of it and putting the meat, tomato, onion and tzatziki sauce inside, very messy. I now realize that we were never given settings or napkins. Since my boyfriend had to go looking for our server a couple times, i said to hell with it and got some paper hand towels from the bathroom. My server saw me come back with said towels, and said nothing to us or checked in still.Back to the food. I couldn't put my finger on it, but something was way off with the gyro meat, a little too 'chewy' i suppose, and barely warm.. the fries weren't really anything to write home about. My boyfriend said his pizza was basic and bland also.The only time server finally checks on us, he rudely interrupted my boyfriend and i having a moment. We asked for a box and the check. In all honestly the only reason for the box was to give the food to the dogs.The check arrived, and we were thrown for a loop. I have no problem paying for a quality fare, but we were under the impression that most of our items were on happy hour pricing. Nope. 2 drinks, hummus, pizza and my gyro came out to 50 bucks, wtf. I then got on here and learned that happy hour pricing was only on Tuesday nights. Another thing i came across in these reviews was that Weds nights are customer appreciation night and they take 25% off the final check.  Again, didn't happen.We were over it at this point and just wanted to vacate. Again, my boyfriend had to go looking for our server,  who he said gave him an irritated look when we needed change. I always leave 20% as i am in the industry, and can understand that not all issues are the service staffs fault. In this case I'll admit I lowballed.To make it even better, as we were getting some stuff at the gas station on the way home, i rapidly became unbearably nauseas and ran outside to throw up. Definitely won't be caught here again, i don't even think i feel safe giving the hounds the food anymore... that's bad.
4	Paymon's on Sahara is a really cool space. I have only had some appetizers there because I always go to the lounge but I've heard the food in the main restaurant is amazing as well. I'm mainly focusing on the lounge area which is separated from the main area. There are plenty of seating tables for a group of friends to chill on couches, get some great drinks, and listen to cool music (mix of hip hop, to club, to even some dubstep when I was there). There is a heated patio area also very nice to get away from the music to have more intimate convo's. Inside has a real bohemian type of feel with cool drapery as well as hookah available.  It's a great place to chill with friends, maybe even a date when you want to avoid the strip. The only reason I didn't give a 5 star is because I have not tried out the entire restaurant yet soooo I need to go back soon and so should you!
4	The Spanokopita was good; generous portions. Would definitely go back and try some of the other items. The two kids with it also liked it; good children's menu.
4	Pretty darn good.I have been to the original location several times, this was my first time at the West Side. The Shrimp & Spinach dip is amazing!! Get it before you even look at the menu.The selection is vast and you will find yourself concerned as you read through, because you will want to try everything. The Combination platter comes with thier amazing Fries, Baba Ganouch, Humus, Stuffed Grapes Leaves and more. It's a meal for 1+. Further, we went with a Baked Kibbe for a shared entree. Fantastic.The leftovers were great at work today.The service is very good. We came late, 8:30pm on a Sunday.We waited at the door for about 5 minutes. That sucks, however, Daniel, who turned out to be our server, noticed us, say us, apologized and explained and provided excellent, attentive service throughout the meal. He genuinely cared that we got the right food for us and enjoyed what we had ordered.Also, there was a crooked painting on the wall. Can't knock points of that, but just sayin' :)
4	I haven't tried the Italian food, but the Mediterranean and Greek food are really good.  Falafel is tasty, as well as the gyros.  It is a bit pricey though, wish it was a few bucks cheaper.The hookah lounge can get pretty crowded on the weekends.  One time there was a big party and it was so loud we had to ask to be moved to the outdoor patio in order to hold a conversation.  You only get one coal though (it lasts a long time) but they will adjust if the hookah gets harsh, but not replace the coal unless you buy a new head.
4	Same food as the original location on Maryland Parkway, just a newer feel and more middle-eastern appearance.  Hookah is a must, so yea, I dig it!
4	Amazing Italian and Mediterranean food under one roof???  Is this possible?? YES it is... My sister and I shared the All-You-Can-Eat pasta plate and a greek salad.  We started with the pesto angel hair pasta and then had the meat sauce with spaghetti.  The pesto angel hair was a little overdressed in pesto, but tasty nonetheless.  There was so much pasta left, they even let us take the rest in a to go box.  The take out packaging was super fancy..the utensils were silver and looked like actual forks.If you want excellent greek/mediterranean/italian food while in Vegas, without the long lines, then Paymon's is the spot!!!
5	This is the best Mediterranean restaurant I've been to. The koobideh was fantastic.
4	The Dinner Clique I hang out with made this their choice Saturday night. I have eaten at the Maryland Parkway location but not this one. I just have to say to the reviewer who justifies his review by saying he was from Chicago where there is REAL Greek  and Mediterranean food to simply shut his pie hole. (Or Baklava hole, as it were.) The owner's name is PAYMON ROAUF...HELLO!!! It don't get much more authentic than that. He was born in Tehran, Iran. So, no PIZZA HUT HERE cuz the food I got was well spiced, tasty stuff that I will return again and again for. My special fun this visit was the MANGO-RITA! Now that was a drink! it was complimented by yummy chicken and rice and the smells that emminated from all my dinner companions' dishes were nearly as intoxicating as my Mango-Rita! Their garlic spiced fries are a fun favorite and almost anyone I know who has eaten there urges their purchase. It was good service from friendly staff and our reservation was all redy when we arrived. Prices were what we expected and worth every bite. TREAT YOURSELF!
4	I had seen this place for quite some time, but I had not tried it.  My mother in law and brother in law had and spoke highly of it, so tonight was our night to give it a try.It was a bit busy, there were several big tables reserved and/or seated already, but we were able to get a table.  We started with a couple of apps, the first were the Athen's fries, it had been given many good reviews, but they were just well seasoned fries with a dipping sauce other than ketchup.  The second app was the a combination of hummus and baba ganosh, now these were both good!For my entree I ordered Moussaka, it was a layered casserole of sliced eggplant, onions, potato, ground beef, fresh herbs and spices, covered with behamel sauce and served on basmati rice and vegetables.  I really enjoyed this.Overall, a good experience, service was excellent, the food was flavorable and met my expectations, but a bit pricey .
5	Excellent restauraunt! Paymon's is absolutely the best Mediterranean restaurant in Las Vegas, from the delicious food to the beautiful ambiance inside the restaurant and hookah lounge. Everything is well prepared and tastes fresh, the Gyro Salad here is to die for, simply perfection. This is definitely a must try in Vegas!
3	This location (Sahara) is the lesser of the few. The food and service is nothing like the Maryland location which is stars above this one. Here at Sahara the food is mostly great, the atmosphere is wonderful It's just a beautiful anf fun decor. The service is not as attentive and you need to ask questions ( Are refills free? etc ) because they might not tell you.  The chicken parm was a disappointment  last time we went ( Pounded down flat to make it look bigger, gimmee a break) and the salad was smaller than usual ( I would not have ordered had I known).  However the mousakka rocks , the iced tea is good and you can't beat 25% off night. Overall most of the place is worth it. Just remember to ask some key questions as this location is more about cash than service.
4	I haven't been here for a while, but I decided to check it out yesterday, and it wasn't bad at all.... I got the kabob pita sandwich that came with the lettuce and the traditional greek sauce you would in a gyro. The price wasn't bad at $8.75
5	Great, unique, local restaurant at chain prices.  Food is always great and the service is always friendly and just a great atmosphere.
5	We had an awesome evening at Paymon's. The hookah was great and the food was amazing. We had the chicken curry and it was better than most of the indian joints we go to. Great drinks and in a great chill spot. And of course Mymy our server, was the super good to us. Thank you!!!
3	This is my friend's favorite restaurant so we gave it a try last night. The hummus was delicious and the spinach pie *(spanakopita) was very good but the side of stewed vegetables were awful and the rice seemed ill matched in our opinion.  We had horrible service sitting outside because we were the only table and would strongly suggest sitting inside where there is really good atmosphere.  The menu had a Greek section, Indian Section and Italian.  We only had Greek food but our server said the Curry is excellent. I would return but only for lunch or takeout and would try the kabobs like my friend recommended and the hummus appetizer. I'm sure they have some other great options but I have a feeling the menu is hit or miss, it's hard to do everything well. This would be a good inexpensive place for a large group and it's super casual.
5	I had avoided this place for a while due to the fact that my ex worked here. Well I couldn't stay away any longer and boy am I glad I decided to go back!Oh have I missed their delicious wonderful food...I went here with my friend TracieP for lunch the other day, she had never been here and I finally got her to go after bragging about their Penne Pesto Pasta for months. So we both ordered the Pesto Pasta and we also ordered the Athens fries as an appetizer. The fries were well seasoned and I absolutely love the dipping sauce they serve with it. The pasta was creamy goodness in my mouth by far the best pesto ive ever had just as I had remembered. *Delicious food *Good prices*Great serviceIf you havent tried this place please do and please order the Penne Pesto Pasta if your a fan of pesto it is mouth watering delicious.
3	I've never been to Paymon's before so I was a bit excited to try. I love Mediterranean food and for a hot summer day what can go wrong? My husband told me that he heard the hummus was good so we ordered it as a starter. Hummus was delicious.... I probably ate the majority of it, but I LOVE hummus. By the time our lunch came out I was pretty full on hummus. I had ordered the Chicken Pita Wrap and the husband ordered Gyro Pita Wrap with a side of athens fries. My chicken was really dry and it wasn't very tasty....a big disappointment. However, my husband's Gyro wrap was very tasty and not dry. The athens fries were good, but not blow me out of this world. Overall, for a 30 dollar lunch, was it worth it? Nope, but I can see why people come here with their late hours and hookah.
5	Paymons is definitely my favorite spot off The Strip.  Bf n I were looking for the best hookah bars in Vegas, and we came across Paymons.  We have tried Rhumbar and Azuza also, but they just dont compare!We arrived at around 11:30pm, and the restaurant was very empty.  The lounge was nearly full, bumpin 80s music with a live DJ.  The seats were very comfortable, bf was very happy.  The service was great too, very nice girls and friendly to all their patrons.We just came from a concert, so we were starving.  Bf ordered the Tandoori Chicken and loved it.  I ordered the gyro plate which also came with their signature Athens Fries... HOLY MOLY forget the fries, the GYRO was awesome!  In Hawaii, all Greek and Mediterranean food is pretty standard and nothing mind-blowing.  Paymons serves a JUMBO gyro and they do not skimp on ANY ingredients.  Loved it, but I couldnt finish it.  We read about the Thief flavor shisha, and we ordered a bowl of that.  There was margarita mixed with several other flavors.  It was tasty! We also ordered a bowl of the Cherry Bomb shisha, which I thought tasted a lot better, more flavorful.  There was a lot of funky music playing, and the music videos for the songs were also on the TVs on the walls.  This lounge is spacious and has a great vibe, dont be shy to get up and dance! Only thing I would have changed is to not sit near the A/C vent so I can do my smoke tricks...lolI definitely want to come back again, but with a bigger group, its a great late-nite spot to get away from The Strip and just have fun.
1	Will not ever go back to this place even though we probably used to eat there at least 3-4 times a month.  My buddy found a 1 inch piece of steel wire brush, the type you would use for pots and pans in his gyro.  We brought it to the attention of the server.  Without expecting anything free, the gyro should have been comped and at least an apology.  Nothing.Followed up with a complaint to their corporate office.  Manager finally apologized with the excuse that our server was a nice guy but not very intelligent.  Next time we could receive a comp dinner for 2.  That's not the point.  Health Code violation and someone potentially getting injured from eating a gyro is the point.
2	Food was average... place was clean... service was decent...
5	If you haven't been fortunate enough to experience Paymon's you are really missing out.  The Food is great, the atmosphere is laid back and relaxing, and the service is always top notch!  Oh and don't forget to stop by the lounge.  A wide selection of Hookah and some really interesting Speciality Cocktails.  Paymon's is always a great time for me and my friends!
2	After traveling all day I was looking forward to ordering carryout from paymons.  When I called in my order I was disappointed to find out they don't take any carryout orders after 9p
5	I came for my birthday  about 2 weeks ago-I got so wasted that I really don't remember that much. I had a ball and I went to work the next day with a headache- but it was well worth it. We order a lot of food and most of it was good- mainly the chicken wings.O yeah i remember i was trying to get someone to taste my birthday cake---jk
4	I come from a culture that leads me to believe that I may know a thing or two about what this food is supposed to taste like - and it's really one of the better places you can go for it.I've tried a variety of items from the fesenjan to the koobideh platters, or just a "falamus" (falafel with hummus) wrap. It's all good. I have yet to have anything I haven't liked. Consistency in the quality of the food is also a big plus. The interior is by far one of the best for Mediterranean restaurants, if not the best. Oh yeah, the Athens fries? Must have. They are not joking when they rave about them. Those fries must be laced with something fantastical.If you're into hookah, the lounge is definitely the nicest one in the city - regardless of location. Paymon (I met him once, so that obviously means we're on a first-name basis) hangs out with his customers as well. Very friendly guy who makes sure everyone is happy and taken care of.
4	I've visited Paymon's twice in the last week, and I must say, the food is very tasty! I had the chicken pita, and my Cousin had the Med veggie platter, with falafel, hummos, grape leaves, athens fries, etc. Very, very good!The only thing is I wish the service were a bit friendlier. I just get the feeling that no one enjoys working here.  The restaurant is very nicely designed, and they've got the food down pat! To earn that extra star, let's get the staff smiling a bit, and let's pick up the tempo a tad, and you'll have a true winner!
3	I had the gyros platter with my friend but I've now discovered that I'm not a fan of gyros. The Athens fries were pretty good, though.The environment is dim so it's one of those.. which aren't really my thing, and they also have the lounge.Might come back in the future.. who knows.
4	This is a nice place on the west side of town to get some tasty Mediterranean food. I'm always on the look out for some good dolma especially  if they are served hot. I think the cold ones are too oily. I liked the fact they had both of them at this location. I started off with the hot dolmas for ($7.95). A dolma is a grape leaf filled with seasoned beef and rice baked in tomato sauce. This is the closest one I can find to the ones I ate during my childhood. I had the Fesenjan for my entree ($12.95). It's a boneless chicken breast that is slow cooked with crushed walnuts and pomegranate sauce. It's served with basamati rice. I typically don't like eating a lot of chicken because I'm afraid it would be bland but this was bursting with flavor! It has a tangy sweet flavor to it. I also sampled their combination platter ($13.95) which comes with Hummus, Tabuli, stuffed grape leaves, falfel, yogurt cucumber dip, baba ganosh and Athens fries. Everything tasted fresh and delicious! You could tell the food is made to order.
4	We all could use a little happiness in our lives and I tend to be a little bit happier between the hours of 4pm-7pm everyday. The only requirement is that you sit in the lounge. Besides that, Paymon's has a ridiculously large array of finger foods and drink specials. All of their specialty cocktails, wines by the glass, and mixed drinks are half off. $4 will get you a Babylon Spice. One cannot go wrong with a mixture of ginger and coconut milk. It is rather heavy and I can only drink one before going to something else, but it is a nice starter drink. This night, my friend and I ordered the falafels, dolmas with meat, Athen's fries (or better known as crack fries), babaganoush, and a pesto pizza with mushrooms and bell peppers. A few drinks and all of this food only came out to $28. We were still able to pack up a box to go. Besides all the food and drinks specials, they do half off of hookah as well.
4	Been here a half dozen times. I've tried the Mediterranean food, but actually prefer the Italian food here. Usually here with friends, but came alone a couple of times and still had a good time. Don't know why, but the place reminds me of Firefly minus the crowds and minus the tapas. Hookahs not bad and the food/drink prices pretty damn good. One time a group of 9 of us, total bill (food, hookah, and drinks) was less than $250. Can't beat that.Staff is great, very attentive.
3	We made a point of always going to Paymon's for their chicken curry and Dolma. The last couple of times we were there, we noticed a down grade in the quality of chicken being used in the curry.They used to use white meat that had been trimmed of all the fat and chewy bits, now its untrimmed dark meat. I guess it's okay if that's your preference, but we were used to the white meat that offered a more delicate flavor that didn't provide a flavor fight with the curry. Of course the Dolma is fantastic; both hot and cold and always one to go.
1	The food was....okay.  The service was....okay.  What was not okay was showing up with a friend wearing a sleeveless $300 shirt and told he couldn't come in to the hookah lounge because of their "dress code" and watching some bimbo walk in with sandals, cut off shorts, a tank top and no bra.This is NOT an upscale place - they're in a strip mall - and they should be pleased to greet any guest walking through the door.
4	Our friends decided to meet up for dinner and it was my first time here.  I didn't try the hookah as but my friends always enjoyed this part of the lounge before going to the dining area.Great mediterranean food & service!  Definitely will be back here!
5	The wife really wanted me to go here.so we went last Sunday.  I figured it wouldn't be all that. To my complete surprise, both the hookah lounge and the restaurant were outstanding. Never smoked hookah before but loved it. Loved the atmosphere, the comfortable couch the drinks and the fact that I could watch the football game and listen to enjoyable music. Then we went and ate in the restaurant. I had the chicken curry. Best curry I've ever had and I've had a lot. There were 5 of us and everyone loved the food. You have your choice of Italian, Greek, Indian or mediterranean. Really enjoyed it. I'll be back fo sho
3	Make that 3 1/2! My first visit here was extremely pleasant. 2nd time, not so much. It took forever and a day to get a glass of H2O!!! Like, seriously, I would've choked to death already. Would I come back? Most likely. But I don't want the Asian chick as my waitress.
4	Came here on a hungry day with no expectations, and left with a happy face! One thing to remember here, sharing is caring. Portions are big and hearty and the fun part about that is you have more opportunities to try new things! I must say, as someone who has been a fan of Greek food for quite some time, it is difficult to find a falafel that is done right. You won't be disappointed with the little nuggets you get here. Crispy, crunchy, and smooth garbanzo texture. No burnt rubbery falafel in this joint! (which is refreshing to say the least). I wasn't particularly impressed with the roasted red pepper pita sandwich, a bit bland but edible nonetheless. One recommendation I do have is the veggie kabob, which features Mediterranean-style veggies grilled to perfection, especially the red pepper, yum! Came here for the first time the other day and will definitely be back to experience it night-style, hookah and all. If you like Greek food, this place is worth checking out!Service: Quick and FriendlyAmbiance: Busy but warm and comfortablePrice: Fair $$
4	I love Mediterranean food and I have been looking forward to trying Paymon's.My Persian friends tell me it is not authentic and there are better places, but we went anyway.I booked using Open Table and as we got to the restaurant we were expected and warmly welcomed.Or server was charming and she explained the menu and helped us pick a couple of plainer dishes for our coddled and spoiled unadventurous children.Wifee and I ordered a selection of kebabs,gyros etc. It was fine not fantastic but we enjoyed. Also worthy of mention are the Athens Fries, great seasoning! Friendly place with above average food and very large portions in an easy location for us suburbanites .
5	Paymons never disappoints. I have been going to his restaurants since it was a market with a deli stand in the back on Maryland. He has perfected his art. From the fries to the hot sauce to the secret recipe hummus paymon's mediterranean is unique in its class. I am always excited to introduce people to this spot because i know it will become their favorite. This is a must!
4	Try the Chicken Curry Extra Spicy!
2	I was disappointed in the service, price, and food.  The waiter never refilled our drinks, which were completely empty, and never took away our empty plates.  All of the pita sandwiches come in a paper bag to help them from falling a part.  The bag just made it seem cheap and reminded me of a fast food restaurant. Plus the bag did not prevent my pita from falling apart, and I ended up having to eat it with a fork and knife.  There are no lunch specials, so expect to pay full dinner prices.  The pita sandwiches, which are close to $10, do not come with ANY sides and fries are extra.
5	Great food - love their Mediterranean dishes. We always go as a group and share plates so you can try a little bit of everything. Cool atmosphere too. Wednesday is their best night to go - 25% off your entire bill from 5-9pm.
2	I've been to both this location and the one at The Arts Factory that closed a while back. The food didn't really do anything for me. I have tried their kabobs and gyros and they didn't seem spectacular to me.  I've heard that their fries are supposed to be the best, they have their own special spice/salt condiment they put on it that I especially disliked. Maybe it's me though. I think they even sell the condiment, people love it so much. The only thing that I would go back for is the lentil soup and the grape leaves. The service is good though, friendly staff.
1	Ate here recently.  The food was ok but the service was just about the worst I have ever experienced anywhere here in town.  First off they "ran out" of not just their drink special but also the main dish I ordered.  Second, the service was terribly slow.  We are talking 20 minutes to get a glass of wine.  Third, when this was explained to the manager, he offered to take a "couple" drinks off our almost $200 tab, which I will just say was completely inadequate given all the gaffs that went into our meal.If I wasn't there with a big group I would have walked out  and gone someplace that values my business.  Save yourself some headache by not "walking in" to begin with.
2	Great menu of choices and specials, but highly mediocre food, at best.  When you claim to feature: Greek, Italian, Persian, Middle Eastern, Indian, and vegetarian dishes...you have the potential to be master of none.  Success!  This, unfortunately, is what they've become.  I've been a few times to try different items (kebabs, pasta, other)...and final and last straw was when I sent back my plate 3 times.   I'm done with Paymon's.I've never tried their Hookah, but I've walked thru the separate room from the dining side, and it's absolutely gorgeous.  Great lighting, beautiful artwork, and well-ventilated.  For locals, it could be a great night out with the buds, or a date -- but , make sure you get this, it's not 'Vegas'.  It's nice lounge, but you can pick-it-up and place-it-down in Anytown, USA.  Parking is easy, no hassle in the private lot, no valet necessary.In the end, Hookah wins, but the food is middle-of-the-road.
5	This review is strictly for the hookah lounge. I love coming here with a group of friends for some hookah, drinks and occasional food. The decor in the lounge is absolutely stunning and immediately puts you in a loungey, relaxy mood as you take a seat. This place is what I feel a true hookah lounge embodies. All the other ones I've been to around here and Cali have nothing on this lounge. With that said, the one on Maryland Pkwy is the same, just smaller and more narrow in size.During my many visits here for about the past 10 years, I've had the pleasure of trying a few dishes whilst drinking and smoking in the lounge. Some of my faves here are: moussaka, lamb kabobs, beef kabobs, calamari, Athens fries, hummus, to name a few. I can't remember not liking anything I've tried here.If you get here during happy hour, the specialty drinks and appetizers are half off. And they do not skimp here. You can order a full size calamari app for under $5 and they are some of the best I've ever had.The service is always super friendly but they do get overwhelmed when it gets busier at night. This is a fact I've come to live with when visiting Paymon's but the relaxed feel when I'm here makes it a non-issue for me.Every time I come here, it's always great times and great memories. This is a must-do when I have friends in from out of town. I'm so glad we have such a beautiful place like this in Las Vegas that is off the Strip.
2	The curry is bland and so was the hummus.
4	I had the chicken curry and fell in love! I wanted to lick the entire plate clean! The stuffed grape leave were awesome I love those darn things. The fries were good as well. Went to the hookah lounge it was nice as always.
4	Food and ambiance at Paymon's is unmatched. Definitely one of the most chic spots to grab a hookah in Vegas. I only wish they would call me and allow me to help them get their hookah to match their amazing decor ;) Consider this an indirect solicitation!
1	I am sad to say that our return to this joint was the biggest disappointment in my dinner clique life. We had such a great meal and experience here last year that we selected it for our December gathering. I arrived after two of my friends, who had been seated. He ordered the drink special but was told that they were out of the ingredients for that drink. Ran out THAT MORNING. I ordered my fave from last time, the Mangorita....it sucked. Poorly made and nothing like the fine concoction of our last visit. The rest of the guests arrived and they ordered a scotch neat and a glass of wine. 20 minutes later it was still not there. In the interim, they had taken our dinner order. As the waiter is being addressed about the missing drinks...hardly difficult to prepare...we are informed that they are out of meat balls. An Italian menu that is out of meat balls because....wait for it....THEY FORGOT TO MAKE THEM!!! We got our meals finally and it was just a disaster after all of that rigmarole. Now the manager comes to speak to one of our group and says he will comp a round of drinks off the bill....well, they defer to the FIRST round ordered which was the first two who arrived, so no, they did NOT comp a ROUND of drinks for the group. Clearly this place has encountered some kind of change. I fully expect it to be featured on Restaurant Rescue it has gotten so bad. They get one star becuse the calimare was great...the rest rated about 100 on teh suck-o-meter.
4	I can't complain about the food. Everything was pretty good... the hummus, yogurt with cucumber dip, falafel, steak kabobs. The kabob was a huge serving that my wife and  split and couldn't finish. The quality of the meat was good and correctly cooked to the requested temp. It didn't come with Basmati rice, but did have rice pilaf with a wonderful butteriness to it.Their menu is ridiculously large with cuisines including Italian, Mediterranean, Persian, Greek, and Indian. In my opinion they'd be better off with a more focused menu, but I guess they have to do what they can to attract the most customers. They even have a kid's menu with all the typical kid stuff. Service was decent and prices were ok. The interior looks a little dated but it was comfortable enough.
4	I used to eat here as a child but lost touch with the location for about ten years.  I vaguely remembered a dish that I ordered as a kid at "some Mediterranean restaurant" and asked my father about it.  He told me to head to Paymon's and I did, ordering the pomegranate fesenjan and turkish coffee just as we used to.  And...it lived up to my childhood memories.  Once again, I am addicted to fesenjan.  Good for the soul, bad for my budget.
4	Love the fries
4	Traditional Greek and Mediterranean restaurant that offers a decent selection of traditional veggie items. The food is very good and very dependable and the service is generally very friendly.
5	Excellent!Service was great. Melissa...Thank uuuI LOVE THIS PLACE...
5	The best Persian Style food and hookah I've ever had :) Love it :D The music was awesome :)I came here 2 times and I will come back every time I came to Las Vegas :D I love the Koobideh :D
5	I've never had a bad experience here.  When I lived in Vegas I was here quite often with friends in both the restaurant and the hookah lounge.  Now that I no longer live in Vegas, I truly long for Paymon's.  My favorites:  The curry chicken, the bruschetta salad, the hookah & the baklava.  Whenever I am in Vegas, pretty much every meal is eaten at Paymon's.  Definitely TOP NOTCH!
4	Great service, love the Gyro and Athens Fries
2	Got the gyros platter ($10.95 with gyros meat, rice, salad). Substituted the rice for fries which were really good. Salad was also good. The gyro meat however was bland, lukewarm and soft rather than crisp on the edges. They give you a ton of meat though, but no pita. All in all I'd give the food 3.5 stars. However the service was horrible. Our waiter didn't acknowledge us after taking our order even though he looked right at our table whenever he passed. We weren't offered refills until we we were completely finished with the meal. And no one wanted to give us our check. The service drops this place down to 2 stars.
2	Save your money.  Took my girlfriend for her birthday and so noted when making the reservation.  No special dessert offered as is customary at every other place.  Worse, food tasted as it was prepared in advance and was just heated.  Asked for owner who was not there.  Nice waiter but when confronted before leaving, his only response was sorry.  Cashier also told about the problem and she with the personality of a snail, said I should have told waiter (in front of my GF?).  Will not return.
4	I usually end up at Paymon's with my buddy, Matt G.  He always picks this place when we share a meal.  He did it again for his birthday, but I never say no because I love the spanakopita here as well as the Athens (crack) fries.  Tonight I needed more protein so I tried the steak kabob and that was delicious, but I still had to take part of it home because of the crack fries.  I think Paymon's Athens fries are the best thing ever, which is not a good thing for my arteries, but once in a while I do indulge.  Everything I've had here is good and we never have to wait for a table.  It's a reliable go-to for good food and good service.PS--They have baklava, my fave!
5	Athens fries and a Gyro salad. Yummy yummy in my tummy
4	me and the wife's fav spot..usually we come during happy hour, smoke a few bowls with some hookah wings and domas. The service can vary on who you have, but Jenny always takes care of us! good environment, always clean and comfortable.
1	The food can be pretty decent but a few of the chicken dishes really lack seasoning, which some people like. I live like a block away from the Summerlin location and I order from there a lot, out of convenience. I recommend the food for the most part. It's a 6.5 out of a 10 on a good day.If you want a good hookah experience, go to an authentic Middle Eastern place, these guys think that a hookah is when you slap some tobacco on a water pipe-it's just not that great and a bit grainy, but it's good for anyone who doesn't have or care for high hookah standards. It's a 3 out of 10. The lounge service is the WORST of the WORST in Las Vegas - the worst. If you are hanging out and/or eating here, expect to be ignored, with a bunch of dirty plates on your table all night, wait 20 min for a beer, good luck getting a water, they are clueless about the menu and everyone is incapable of even saying a proper hello. You will never see the management around and especially won't see them taking any interest in patrons. I'm very easy going but their service is just unbelievable. It's 0 out of 1,000. Lost cause and reason for the 1 star.
2	I went with 4 girlfriends and we sat in the lounge. We ordered several combo platters and entrays as well as a hook and cocktails. The food was good but the service was rediculasly horrible. It took forever to get a drink and forget about water or even getting an extra napkin. There was 1 (yes you read correctly 1) waitress/ bar tender for the whole lounge on. Which wasn't terribly crowed but not empty either.  I ended up busing our table after having it be full of dirty dishes for over a half an hour. Can't say I would recommend this place or be back my self and the only reason I gave it two stars was the food was acceptable.
4	I went to the Hookah lounge last night (Tuesday, May 14) with a friend. Tuesdays they have all-day happy hour in the lounge (which means half-price hookah, drinks, and some appetizers)! It gets a bit crowded which may not be for everyone, but I think it makes for a more fun vibe. They tend to start playing electronic music later in the night on Tuesdays as well (I have heard they also do this on weekends).I give them four stars mainly for overall atmosphere in the lounge and selection of the hookahs. They have a huge assortment of hookah flavors - at least 25 that you can mix and match, and you can also choose liquids other than water for the bottom of the hookah. My only complaints are that the hookahs take phenomenally long to come out (I can never understand why this part takes so long - the drinks and even the food arrives before the hookah!) and they won't refill coals - you just have to order a new hookah flavor. But, the music is good and the seating is comfortable, so the wait doesn't bother me enough to stop going.The food is good, but not exceptional. It's decent middle eastern food for Las Vegas, but like I said, if it weren't for the great vibe in the hookah lounge, I wouldn't go for the food alone. The hummus, baba ganoush, and meat dolmas are my favorite appetizers, and the lamb skewers are a great entree. I wouldn't recommend going to this place for dinner, but I would hands-down recommend going to have a fun night smoking hookah and grabbing some drinks with friends.
5	I read some of the negative reviews and I'm convinced they must have had an off night. The service was excellent. The atmosphere is very laid back and relaxed, and the food was phenomenal!
5	I'm so happy to have found this place! They have several vegan options on the menu, including the AMAZING Falamus Pita. The servers are friendly and well informed about what items are vegan. I highly recommend their special spiced fries minus the sauce, which I think is made with mayonnaise. Delicious!
4	I go to lunch here a few times a month.  Very filling salads and great pita.  I like the Mango iced tea too.  If I go on the weekend or after work, they have an interesting selection of European beers.
2	1.5 stars, actually.  Cafe:It was quite a late dinner and the cafe portion was pretty empty.  We got a pretty quick and good service.Food: Athens fries didn't really work for me.  It was good, but seasoning was bit too much for my taste.  Beef kabob was overcooked.Fesenjan was tasty but on the sweeter side.  Overall, food was ok.  Hookah lounge:The worst of the hookah lounges I've been to.  The waiter, despite repeated requests to replace the coal never did.  He looked at the container that housed coal, blew into it and left.
2	Service blows here. Not sure if its because its late, but they only have 1 server for the entire restaurant. They don't have any pasta after 9p, the waiter asked what we wanted and we asked for a minute, he never came back! 10 min later I chased him down across the restaurant and ordered. He brought out our appetizer and after we finished, he passed by 3 times and a buser 2 times. No one came to pick up the plate. The main food took forever. It's ridiculous.
1	Horrible service, hookah blows, cocktails are terrible and outdated... Plus they have a dress code when their own waitresses wear tie dye wife beaters.
4	About to eat my favorite...koobideh, hmmmmmI love Paymon's, Ive been coming here for a while now and pretty much always order the same thing, whether it be the Gyro, the Koobideh or the gyro salad but what is a must, would be the Athens fries, hmmmm.
5	I love this place.  I have been visiting this site for years but started at the Maryland Parkway location.  Both very good.My hubby and I usually split an order of hummus and it is excellent with their warm bread.  We usually order the same gyros or chicken kabobs but this last time, I had a chicken panini with roasted red pepper and spinach and it was DELICIOUS.  My hubby had a taste and we are now both hooked.  We've never had a bad meal at either location and if you love tropical iced tea, this is the place for you.
1	Woah! I thought we would take a chance once more and what a disappointment. Again, we ordered our favorites, chicken curry and hot dolma (to go). One curry was ordered extra hot and the other medium. What we received was the regular curry with a douche of cayenne pepper. It was hot and only hot, no flavor. My medium curry was flavored with a long hair in it. The dolma was a huge disappointment. The leafs were not tightly wrapped, swimming in the tomato sauce with a wilted lemon and it was also flavored with hair. I hate to say it, but they have made their choice to ignore the restaurant and focus on the lounge.... so long to Paymons!!!
3	I came to try the Athens Fries.  The Athens fries are seasoned fries.  They were OK.
4	Had the gyros sandwich and Athens fries which were great. I also tried a couple appetizers which were awesome. I just forgot the names of the dishes. One was a pita with cucumber sauce and paprika and the other was a hot plate of sizzling cheese. It was very good. Service was great too.
3	I didn't dine in, so I can't rate this restaurant based on their service, only their food which I took to go late at night.The server who took my order was lovely, and provided me with one of their late night menus which is more limited and doesn't provide any pasta options. Just fine with me, I came in for a salad anyway.The wait for the food was short, and it was packaged nicely when I got home. I ordered the Greek salad which came with romaine, red onion, pepperoncini, feta, tomatoes and olives. The olives were quality with the pits still in them, and the pepperoncini were served whole in the salad. The tomatoes you could tell had been refrigerated for a while as they had no taste except to be slightly sour with a mealy texture. The feta was dry and grated which was very strange to me. I prefer a creamier, softer feta, the kind that comes packed in water. I usually associate dry feta with poor quality. The vinaigrette was thin, thank goodness as I hate syrupy dressings, but I still added some red wine vinegar to my salad at home because it lacked the acidity I was looking for.I also got a side of rice, and it came with white basmati rice topped with some saffron basmati rice. It was decent, but tasted heavily of butter. I can only imagine how much they probably used when steaming/reheating it.The ambiance here was very pretty and I can see this easily being a nice late night lounge for locals who live nearby. But the food quality was lacking in authenticity for me, and I think I'll stick to my favorites unless I'm in a late night bind.
5	Paymon's was so good that my kids said it's one of their fave restaurants!  The kebobs were great, the chicken pita is fantastic, and the salads too!  However, 2 items on this menu are mind blowing, the gyro, and the fries!  The fries are in a league of their own in the french fry world, I almost don't order them because I know I will eat way too many, but I always get them anyway!!!
4	Stopped in here during one of our recent (and annoying) severe thunderstorms for some afternoon lunch. Ordered the Chicken Pita with a side of rice and it was very good. The chicken was cooked just right and the flavors from the tahini and herbs were delicious. The rice added just the right touch and I even threw some in my pita. Not much else to say about the place... was my first time and due to the weather it was pretty quiet. Seems like they have a cool little bar area in the back but I did feel like they need to do a little updating of the decor in the main seating area.I'll be back for the food and hopefully some nicer weather!
4	The food took a little longer than expected, especially since there was only one other table of customers there at the time. Its a good thing we werent in a rush to be somewhere. The food was excellent!!!! Service was good, Judy was our server and she was very friendly and attentive. Great atmosphere!
2	Two stars for the happy hour food/drink menu... But honestly the worst hookah in Las Vegas. If you don't believe me then go see for yourself. It never hit well, and even after having them change the coals, the bowl, and the base itself, the outcome was still crap (barely any smoke and minimal flavor). I hate to sound so harsh but honestly I've been here four times thinking each time that next time would be better, but I'm done trying. They need to make it so the coals aren't covered...I know there's a liability, but it really destroys the quality of the smoke and flavor when you have the cover on the coals...they're the only place I know of in Vegas that does that.The decor is nice though :-)
5	They have good food and service.  Atmosphere is cozy and comfortable.   Prices are reasonable too
1	We live in Las Vegas and were told men couldn't wear tank tops to smoke hookah. Eh?? We ran across 2 different servers and werent told until we were about to sit down that unless we had a shirt in the car we couldnt sit. Completely ridiculous. We just left and went to another (and better) hookah lounge. If you have dress codes it should be clearly displayed and the staff should let you know before you're about to sit down. Definitely will not return!
5	Great restaurant. I have been a customer there for years. The quality is superb, the prices are great and the food is always fresh. One of my favorite places to eat!Carolyn Vanzlow
5	This is the first time I have been to Paymon.... Second time having Greek good in vegas. I have to say this rivals the Greek food I used to get in New York. The falafels were seasoned just the way I like them, the sauce made it slightly sweet and tasted like it had a hint of cinnamon, the sauce went perfect with the falafel. The gyro meat was tender, flavorful and not in the least greasy, it was exactly how it should be. Plus they have a ton of vegetarian and vegan options it seems, I feel all the vegetables we got were quality and deliciously fresh. My boyfriend raved over the Athens fries, they were quite good!
1	Me and some of my friends went here last weekend to smoke hookah. When we got there the place was crowded as usual, was not our first time coming here. There were 4 of us and we ordered 2 hookahs to share between us. The wait for us to get our hookahs after we ordered them was forever. A good 30 min if not longer. When they finally brought them out to us they were super harsh. They weren't hitting good at all, and to the point where we were choking. We told the guy and he blew it out and it was fine for about 5 minutes and then it was super harsh again and we weren't getting any smoke. We were annoyed and were just gonna get our check and go. We waited for our check for 45 minutes before anyone even came over to check on us. We could have literally walked out without paying and nobody would have even noticed. Finally for our check and then we left. Won't be coming back here anymore.
3	Came here for lunch and man, the service was slow. The food took forever to be served- almost 30 mins and the chicken was too dry. I'm sorry I had chicken tandoori before and it was not dry.
3	Nice decor, great service, price was right. Best hummus I've had in long time.  However, Greek salad too dry and little fete cheese. Gyros dry with very little sauce, but more was bought upon request.
1	Horrible Customer Service!I called on Wednesday to place an order to-go. The hostess put me on hold for a while. I hanged up and called the second time and was placed on hold again for a while! I hanged up again and called the third time. When the hostess answered, she told me to hold and I told her not to put me on hold. I told her to find someone that can take my order because she was "too busy" to help me. She placed me on hold for the third time and no one ever answered the phone to take my order. I will NEVER eat and order from here again! This is the worst customer service. It takes less than 15 seconds to place an order to go. Shame on you Paymon's!!!!
4	My friend K and I flew into Vegas for the Rock n Roll Las Vegas events. Seeking a healthy and yummy lunch, K suggested Paymon's. She'd discovered this place when she had a project in LV and I was happy to go along as I love Mediterranean cuisine.A little ways off the strip, this gem can be found in an unassuming strip mall. The restaurant itself is quite large and it looks like from the doors that they have expanded into adjacent storefronts a few times. I can see why :)When we arrived for a late lunch, we were quickly seated by a friendly hostess. Our waiter was great--checked in with us regularly and helped us figure out how much to order without over ordering. We decided to split a plate because he advised us it was large--it was! The chicken kabob skewer has 10 ounces of meat on it! We also split a side of dips--the babaghanouj and the yogurt dip. The baba was probably the best I've ever had! It comes with a side of white or whole wheat pita. When we ran out, we were offered more pita or sliced veggies (super healthy--love it!)The chicken kabob plate was perfect for two fit friends to split. With 10 ounces of grilled chicken, we each got ample protein. It also came with a greek salad, roasted red peppers and a great rice dish. We finished most, but not all of the plate--that's how large it was.Since we were visiting and didn't have a car, we asked our waiter to call a cab and he quickly obliged. When one didn't show up, he checked in, found out the cab company was in the middle of a shift change, and took the initiative to call a second cab company so that we wouldn't have a much more prolonged wait. If I lived locally, this would definitely be a place I'd come regularly. Tasty food, good portions and great service--winner in my book!
3	There hooka is not that good but their happy hour menu is cheap and good. I love the chicken finger, hummus and their calamari. The ambiance is great depending which server u have the service differers. I
5	Best Mediterranean spot in Vegas! Our server Ben sugested some wonderful dishes and provided excellent service. Highly Recommended!
4	Fun hookah bar, with a classy atmosphere. The food is, in my opinion not amazing, but it's pretty good, and I come here mostly to smoke and drink and maybe have a little hummus snack. Come here on happy hour between 5-7, ALL hookah, drinks, and some appetizers are 1/2 price. I like this place for larger groups.
3	Dinner is ok. Lunch, they don't have the same specials like the other location on Maryland. If I had my choice, I'd rather go to the location on Maryland but this one is closer to us. Personally, even if the food is ok, I'd rather go to Khourys. Food is much more flavorful and selection is better.
4	Surprisingly worth the wait! We had to wait an unreasonable amount of time for our food (other people got their orders first even after arriving after us). Our older waitress forgot to refill our soft drinks and just brought water. But she was trying so hard we just couldn't stay mad. Plus, the food was really delicious. The decor in the cafe is tacky but nice enough.
1	What a disappointment.  Wanted to sit in the hookah lounge but of course they were only sitting people with reservations in the hookah area even though I called ahead of time to see if we would be able to sit in the hookah area. This is the second time. They did this to me. So done with these idiots. I suggest not to go here until they realize the reason they exist is the hookah lounge. The food is only so so.
1	The food was ok. But definitely not good enough to make up for horrible service.
4	I love the interior! So much! Very classy and elegant, full of vibrant colors & Mediterranean trinkets & figurines. Service was very good, we were seated right away. It was a busy Sunday night, full of patrons enjoying their wine and food so I knew it was going to be a good dinner.Ordered the 3-Kabob Combo. Came with Pita, two different rice entree & salad. All delicious & hot & fresh. Server was very attentive and refilled our drinks when needed. Although it was a busy atmosphere, it wasn't too loud or rowdy in there. I would definitely come back.
4	I don't smoke hookah, but came here for their Tuesday happy hour with some friends. We were seated at a very comfy table/booth and there was more than enough room for the four of us. It seemed rather busy, but the two waitresses on the floor were on point with their service!  Also the hookah attendant was informative and helped my friends select their flavor with great suggestions on their preferences. Again, it was Tuesday Happy Hour. if you ever go here, go for Tuesday Happy Hour!!!!  Our tab for 4 including drinks (we were there for a few rounds) was extremely dirt cheap. Like, UNREAL, out of this world, I can't believe this is Vegas cheap. Check it out!
3	Hummus was good as always.  Had the lamb burger for lunch. Ordered medium rare got it well done,  good burger just a little bit too much going on with all of the seasonings pepper and other stuff inside.  The fries we by far the best part of the meal.
4	Food was great and so was the entertainment. The staff was very friendly.
4	I've never been to the Hookah lounge but the dining area has great decor. Very unique and vibrant. I went to this location at and odd hour on a Monday. It was about 2:30 pm. There was only one girl working the floor, the host stand and answering phones; a bit odd I thought. Doesn't make for great customer service BUT to be fair she did a good job and we never felt ignored or abandoned with empty glasses. The food as usual, is good. Their lentil soup and Musakka are my favorite.
5	I just love Paymon's. They have the best happy hour in town and the food is just delicious! The appetizers on happy hour are not small at all. They're the regular huge size. We can't ever finish everything! The staff is very friendly and attentive. The hookah lounge is so nice!! I went on a Friday  night and they had a small dance floor and a DJ. Very cool ambiance! It's a great place to hang out and enjoy!
2	Well - two stars for the food and maybe 3-4 for the service. I just can't bring myself to give them 3 stars to even it out. We came here because it was highly recommended to us by a friend - which I will never trust again. The food was...not good. It was a notch below mediocre...We started off with the combo appetizer platter - the only thing that was good was the dill sauce. Everything else was okay and somewhat bland or over-fried. For dinner, we had -Chicken Curry - Man, I don't know what they use in this curry other than some kind of bland curry and nutmeg. It wasn't even very spicy as I requested. It was so bad, I couldn't even finish my dish...even though I was hungry. Also, they use precooked basmati rice...??? I don't understand any restaurant that uses precooked rice. I'm half Asian. I know when rice isn't fresh. I eat that shit every day. Lamb, beef and chicken kabobs - same thing. That rice...oh, that rice. And the kabobs were alright. I give them 3 stars. But, they were not that pleasing to the taste buds. I don't know. The server was good, but very oddly quiet...like we had to listen in very closely to hear what he was saying. He was prompt though. I do not recommend this place. It's outdated and maybe it was good at one time. If so, they've taken a turn for the worst. There are many other places in town that beat out this place, hands down.
5	Amazing!! Pita and hummus was so good and the chicken pita with fries were amazing. Definitely get the fries and try whatever the sauce is that comes with them! Reasonable prices and really good service. Got sat within 10 minutes on a Saturday night at 6pm without reservations!
4	OK so lets start with the food, and ill move on to the rest :) You have to try: Athens Fries!,Chicken Curry, and Falafel! Cons:  There Beef kabob with any plate. Also i hate that they dont do substitutions. Every single restaurant substitutes, especially when you are substituting something that is priced lower, than the actual item on the plate. (Ridiculous).Hookah is good, if you can ask Eddie to make it he is awesome! Cons: Extremely stingy on coal!!!!! I mean seriously who does that, i am a very frequent hookah smoker and own several of my own, and we all know how long one charcoal lasts. Instead you have to do a refill and order another one for 10 dollars! Dj is great! Ambiance is Great! Staff is wonderful! They really do have great service!
3	When in a pinch, and in the mood for Mediterranean- this place will suffice. We ate lunch. I had the vegetarian plate, and the hubby had a gyro sandwich. Both plates were generous in portion. The gyro meat was a little processed looking, I doubt it was actually carved by someone other than a factory worker. But they had delicious sauces, and the seasoning was spot on. The hostess seemed annoyed, but we had a super nice server(Lisa?). In short: they're pretty alright. Not sure if I'll go back, but if I was taken there I wouldn't run.
5	I love this Paymons much better than the other one. The staff are fun and attentive and they have great customer service skills. The food is also amazing. I enjoy spending my Saturday night here !!!
3	I have been coming here for a few years now and the food is pretty good. They have the best Athens fries which are addicting. I usually get the salmon cube kabob which is really good had some other stuff on the menu as well like their panini which  was good as well. Their Moroccan hot tea is really good. Last time I went my friend he ordered the beef shish kabobs which were like gum and regretted that he didn't listen to my advice and not order it maybe it was a off-night! As for the decor I think it's outdated and in need of a makeover!
4	Come for happy hour, the prices are good for drinks, hookah and food. Fries and martinis - lychee ! Service can be a bit slow when there busy though!
5	The premier hookah lounge of Las Vegas!  Great food, great hookah, great cust. service, and the ambiance is awesome!  Come lounge and enjoy a smoke!
4	cozy place, nice ambience and nice music. Their staff is very hospitable, makes me feel at home. I will always come back to these place
3	The restaurant was recommended by the people at Vapeco next door.  The service was helpful and friendly.  We ordered the fries and appetizer plate.  The fries came highly recommended.Food was good and filling.  Would definitely go again when in the area.
4	This is a restaurant with a variety of well-done ethnic dishes including Greek, Italian, Indian and vegetarian.  I like the combination plate and the lamb kabobs.  Great hummus, gyros, lamb burgers, falafel, curry dishes, pita bread, pasta, fries and grape leaves.  The service can be inconsistent.  They have a great tea selection including Moroccan mint and a chai tea.  On Wednesday you get a big discount for locals night.  This restaurant has been around for a while and is consistent.
5	I absolutely LOVE this hookah lounge..My dear friend took me here late evening to smoke hookah & I immediately fell in love with the sexy ambiance. The rich mediterranean decor, dim warm lighting, smooth sexy lounge music, & great hookah flavors had me in a trance. Can't wait to go back again...tomorrow;)
5	Good service and delicious food, the best thing in this place that you can have Indian,  Arabian and Italian food at the same place,  the waiter was very nice to us....recommended
5	Tonight, I tried the turkey panini.  OMG....it was so delicious. The orzo salad that came with it was perfectly complimentary with the panini.  I don't care of you come here and always order the same thing, try this once.   You'll thank me.
5	Everytime I go to Vegas I make sure that I make a trip to this lounge.  The ambience is very nice and the setting is very chique. I love how the owner has been innovative enough to come up with his own spices. He also makes sure a live dj us always playing.  This is something I havnt seen in many hooka lounges. Food is dead on and very healthy... something that I care about. Only criticism I have is for Vegas, this place closes too early at 1am! Check this place out next time u are in Vegas.
1	I must apologize for my harshness; however, our overall experience was worthy of a critical review.   1.  Our server recommended the most popular dish, *the green curry*, he said it was also the staff favorite; it turned out to be the most flavorless curry I'd ever tasted in my life!  My previous reviews clearly reflect a developed taste for Indian, Thai, and Japanese Curries; this was by far the most flavorless and least impressive curry (if I dare call it curry). The chicken was chewy, as in cheap quality and/or a fast boil and flavorless...wasn't cooked in a tandoori, that's for sure.   2.  My falafel were small and burnt to a crisp; however flavorful. The spanakopita that my wife ordered tasted like flavorless eggs; how can feta cheese and spinach taste bland?   3.  How does a restaurant with so many reviews and such high ratings manage to serve food like this?  You can tell that there was no love or time put into our dishes; the chicken tasted like it was prepared minutes before (Chewy as hell), the curry sat under the heat lamps (the surface of the curry sauce was wrinkled and dry) and was insanely flavorless, and my dolmas were loaded with a dry type of meat, no rice, and largely tasted like grape leaves.-Environment on dining side was okay.  I feel like the owners were trying to hard to decorate the interior like something vaguely resembling a Mediterranean restaurant.  -Price:  totally isn't worth it.  I would be more comfortable buying some good store-bought hummus, pita, and a roasted chicken for $8.99 @ Whole Foods.- We aren't coming back here.
5	Amazing food, unbelievable ambiance. Keep up the good work! Compliments to the Chef!
5	Wow I am so impressed at this restaurant. The manger and owner Cathy is courteous and kind. The food is fantastic and in a good big size. One of the few restaurants in Vegas that I can recommend to any one.!
4	this place was absolutely cool.  Came in to do a little hookah with some friends.  Had some drinks and food, prices were amazing.  I guess they have a late night happy hour because it was around 11pm on a Tuesday.  There was a nice amount of people cool cozy decor and furniture.  The food dishes were about $5 and descent portions, 12 hookah wings, 4-5 Moazarella sticks, Lychee martini was bomb and I had a custom chocolate cake martini which was very tasty.  Mymy our server was amazing I will definitely come back.
5	Just driving around, looking for something different to eat. Saw the sign and wandered in. Paymon's could best be described as a middle-Eastern-fusion place, no that doesn't quite describe it. First of all the interior is breathtakingly beautiful; and the ambience is matched by the food. They have Greek, Italian, Indian, and Persian dishes (in alphabetical order), and sandwiches, all very reasonably priced. We started with a combination of dips and pita bread: hummus and yogurt-cucumber (actually tzatziki but who can pronounce that?). Next was the lentil soup with melted feta cheese. One of us had Tandoori chicken and the other had chicken curry, both out of this world.Now an aside. There were two Las Vegas Metro Police officers seated adjacent to us, and that day was the day they buried one of two officers who, a week earlier, had both been shot in the head and killed while dining in a restaurant. Now the Las Vegas cops are awesome for what they do every day, but I can't imagine how it must feel to sit down for a restaurant meal, after that incident, not knowing if there's some other nutcase who's going to walk through the door and open fire on you. Of course, the fact that cops eat at Paymon's is a recommendation in itself.I can't wait to get back to Paymon's and check out the rest of the menu, or maybe I'll order the Tandoori chicken the next dozen times. You really owe it to yourself to try this place, it's every bit as good as those fancy Las Vegas Strip hotel restaurants that bear the names of famous chefs who never visit.Hookah lounge, sealed off from the restaurant (untried). Open 11 AM-1 AM every day, take-out until 8 PM. Cocktails. Credit cards.
3	1 star for the food, 2 stars for the atmosphere and service. The meat in the gyro I got was kind of chewy and not very fresh, and they piled all the lettuce and veggies at the bottom half of the pocket pita and the meat on the top.  Obviously that detracted from my gyro eating experience.  This pretty much sums up my feelings about that: https://medium.com/@luckyshirt/dear-guy-who-just-made-my-burrito-fd08c0babb57The fries were okay, not blow my mind amazing....just really seasoned...Overall, overpriced and kind of meh. I'd prefer to go Yassous, the food is way fresher there, the portions and value is better.
3	We stopped here for something different.  I had looked at the menu online and decided on the kebab trio--a dinner with koobideh, chicken, and lamb kebabs.  Served with the meal are vermicelli pilaf, basmati rice, a house salad, and grilled tomato and red pepper.I started my meal with a cup of their summer soup available for a limited time.  It's a cucumber yogurt cold soup with walnut pieces and golden raisins for a touch of sweetness.  The soup was topped with some croutons and garnished with a sprig of mint.  It was excellent!  Very different and very refreshing.For the main course, the kebab trio was perfect for the two of us.  My wife does not like lamb.  By sharing the trio, I was able to have some lamb while she stuck with chicken and koobideh.  Of the three, the koobideh was the star of the dish.  The lamb was cooked too much--I had requested rare and it was more on the medium side.  It was also a bit tough.  The chicken was OK but there wasn't much spice to it.  The koobideh, on the other hand, was done medium rare as I asked and it was flavorful and very enjoyable.For dessert, my wife got the rice pudding (it was very good), and I got an order of baklava--also very good.Service was not the best.  We waited at the podium for about 5 minutes before anyone came to seat us.  My iced tea wasn't refilled in a timely manner and even though there were only a few other diners in the room, our server seemed to disappear for long periods of time only checking back with us once near the end of our dinner.  I also thought it was a bit tacky to take the dessert order, enter it into a nearby terminal, and then put the bill on the table before clearing the dishes and well before dessert was brought.  Bad form.If I decide to come back, it will be for takeout, but with other choices in the area for Mediterranean food, I probably will go elsewhere.
1	I didn't want to come back here because of our last experience, but there aren't good Mediterranean Restaurants within a 10 mile perimeter of out zip code.  The waiter brought out our order (The same guy that made the terrible recommendations our last visit) with his finger in my hummus and my wife's soup was a hot soup (she ordered the cold soup). -My hummus was just okay and the beets in my wife's salad were softer than al dente, almost jiggled like jello,  and had a metallic-medicine flavor; she didn't finish her salad.  The salad as a whole was a complete joke; a few pieces of lettuce arranged with ridiculously sized chunks of beets, fragment-sized pieces of walnuts, and totally skimped on the goat cheese.  *This will be the last time I come back.
4	Interesting food. I enjoy hanging out in their hookah lounge. It's reasonably priced and has an awesome ambiance. Sometimes they have a live dj but there's always music and lights. Drinks are good. The only thing is they could possibly come around to tables a little more often. Still a great hangout place!
5	i crave the Lentil Soup... and they have an incredible Greek Salad.  The kabobs are delicious also... (the red hot sauce is delicious..and is for sale in the restaurant.) YUM!!!  I love the Hookah lounge at the Sahara location..and I love the outdoor courtyard at the Maryland spot. I think they would be more respected if they didn't offer  italian food... keep it "mediterranean..." Just my opinion.  Also... they have delicious iced tea.. their "adult beverages" are pricy, and again...the hookah lounge... well, its pretty fab.
5	ALWAYS delicious Mediterranean food! We have been here a few times now and the food is always on point. We decided to grab a late dinner on Wednesday night with some friends from France and the main door to the restaurant was closed so we seated ourselves in the lounge to grab some food. I spoke to the bartender to get a menu and after a few minutes he returned and notified us that we could not sit in the lounge because one of our friends had a tank top on, so he walked us into the main dining room thru an interior door. We all ordered hummus and Baba ghanoush (which is delicious!) and our main courses. I ordered meat Dolmas, my husband ordered Felafel and our guests ordered Chicken Kebab. All the food was very good, as always. Not being able to sit in the lounge because of a tank top was kind of weird but eh whatever. Love this place and excited for many more meals here!
2	It's cool
5	My wife and I love coming here! Just had a great date night. We've never ate in the restaurant we always go to the loinge for happy hour. Great happy hour specials and not too loud that we can't have a conversation. Just left. Danielle was a great server and we will definitely be back. Some of these bad reviews though just crack me up!!!
5	I've been coming to Paymon's for years and they've never disappointed me. The taste of their food is consistently the same. That is something I find hard to come by.When I think of what lentil soup should be, I think of Paymon's lentil soup. Hearty chunks of veggies and not overly salty. Just what I needed today because I'd been feeling under the weather. Our server, Ben, recommended the chicken pita, which was really good. He was attentive and gave amazing service. Ask for him next time you're in.Keep doing what you do best Paymon's!
4	Fesejan...its the best meal on the menu! Hands down...
2	Had high expectation, so wanted to like this place, was quite disappointed. So so service, ok ambience, food was bad. A good test is how well the lamb kebab is prepared, I had to send it back and get something else as it was super chewy like rubber, disappointing!
5	Great service and yummi food. Hookah selection is great and i really enjoy the place!
4	I took my daughter here who is in college in Arkansas, she said her friends told her she should try of mediterranean food, but she was uncertain of eating it. Well she knows her mom loves international food so we headed to Paymon. We shared a lamb kabob dinner since we are both light eaters. She loved it. She loved the "cinnamon rice" as she called it AND the greek salad, AND the saganaki (sp).  Now she says when she goes home she's going to try thebplace there and hopes it will be just as tasty.
4	5 minutes from where I work so I love the convenience.  I always get the combination platter cause I love the hummus and the fries. I tend to get the iced tea to wash my grub down and it's fresh brewed and delicious. Middle of the day service is great cause it's not too crowded but later in the evening at dinner time it slows things down a little cause this place is pretty popular. Great music and friendly service. Oh and the food is pretty damn good too!  :)
5	We just had dinner here tonight as a result of other Yelp reviews. They are right, the good and service is excellent. The service is attentive but not intrusive. We had the Mediterranean combo for an appetizer - excellent ! Huge serving. Had we known how generous the servings are, we would have only had the appetizer plus a salad.My Baked Kibbe plate was great. First time I'd ever had such a meal. Basmati rice done to perfection.My wife's chicken kabob  was also excellent. Huge pieces of chicken done perfectly. The servings are huge, so be careful what you order!
3	Food is pretty good, service is very good.  Reasonably priced for portions. Friends birthday dinner, they wanted to charge us extra to be in lounge? Went after dinner in a Saturday night and it was pretty empty-charge for what?
5	Paymons is amazing. Staff, food, drinks, hookah - Just everything is on point. I've never had a bad experience. Paymon, the owner, is always around greeting all the guests and making sure everyone is happy. Happy hour? Insane. Drinks and appetizers for close to nothing! Music is great. Plus, Vapeco is next door, gotta love that place!
5	Crack fries and gyro are always what I crave here! Service, music, and atmosphere is great. They also offer military discount.
4	This place is feet away from my home & it's a convenient go to spot. The service has consistently been great & the food is always good. The atmosphere is cute with a Mediterranean touch and every Wed they offer 25% off your entire bill so it's a great value!Favorites off the menu are - saganaki! Flaming cheese that comes with warm pita bread and you drizzle lemon all over it! I also love the variety plate that comes with lamb, chicken & a mixed meet skewer that is perfect for sharing! The rice and vegetables are so delicious and you always get a huge tomato that just came off the grill! I'm a huge fan of these Mediterranean flavors! They have great ice tea with mint & a slice of orange, it's a must if you're an ice tea drinker!There's also a hookah lounge if you're into that and when the door opens from the restaurant I always hear fun European house music!
5	What a great place. Went to dinner for the first time an it was great. It's a cute little cafe very quaint. The service was great as well as the food. Great menu selections as well.  I had chicken scallopini with no mushrooms an my husband had chicken Parmesan. Both were very good. We also had the Athens fries an wow the are delicious an the sauce out of this world. A must try if you eat here.  We will definitely come here again an it's close to home.
3	Came here for lunch during a trip to Vegas a few weeks back and unfortunately it was nothing from what I had hoped it would be. I was initially going to give this place no more than 2 stars, however the one thing I loved about this place is the decor. It's unlike any I've seen in the US, and I have been to plenty of Persian and middle eastern restaurants as well as hookah cafes. The ambiance and decor in the hookah lounge is absolutely stunning, however the hookah and the food are not. We ordered the koobideh jabab and gyro sandwich and both came out dry and way too spicy. The spices used in the koobideh tasted like Indian spices and any Persian that has had real koobideh knows it should not taste like that at all. The meat wasn't cooked all that great and the rice wasn't cooked properly either. I was very disappointed with the food, however the service was great- the young lady that helped us was very sweet and again the decor was beautiful. If you want a nice place for a drink and mediocre hookah, I guess it's worth the shot- as for good Persian food and good hookah, i will have to pass on this next time.
5	Great food, staff is unbelievably nice. Service  is top, no complaints there. Friday/Saturday they have a Dj. Drinks and food specials are stupid good and they don't cut portions down. Hookah is good. Definitely a great stop for anyone just visiting!
4	Dinner with friends in venue that felt intimate and warm for a larger establishment.  The bar area with televisions is completely separate from the dining area which I appreciated. Attentive,  polite service was prompt and well timed.  I ordered the gyro salad, one of my favorites,  and was in heaven from first bite to last. The tzatziki on the tender gyro meat was garlicky,  creamy perfection.  The salad was dressed with a light, tangy vinaigrette kissed dill, plump, briny olives,  juicy tomatoes and spicy red onion. The dish was visually appealing as well as pleasing to the palette.  Portion size was generous.  The drinks were surprisingly pricy as the food menu was quite moderately priced. Drink prices aside, Paymon's will be one to revist.
5	Great food and fun classy atmosphere. I love the menu because there is something for everyone. Everything I've tried has been good but my favorite is rice pudding with Turkish coffee. And the hookah lounge is a great place to hang out with friends after dinner.
5	Amazing chicken curry, fish kabob, Athens fries! I love coming here. Definitely can't complain.
2	The food here is really great. This WAS our favorite Greek restaurant. One night during dinner, at a table in our clear view, was a girl smoking hookah and drinking. Annoying,  obnoxiously loud and becoming more & more intoxicated with every moment. Eventually, as we we're eating our lovely dinner, she vomited all over her table. Ran to the bathroom, also in our view, and continued to vomit there. Maybe it was the hookah or the drinking or the combination of both, but she ruined our dinner and we never went back. It's literally been 3 years. We were just saying how much we missed that place but I can't get that image out of my head. Yuk! Sorry. The Maryland parkway location is way too far to travel to.
5	Love this spot, usually hit up the one next to Fruition boutique (Maryland/Flamingo) more. Both locations are exquisite. I usually get the Gyro with the flavorfully seasoned Athens fries (Wrap style), thats my usual go to dish. Hasn't ever let me down. Staff is great and the atmosphere is quaint.
5	This is my favorite spot for Mediterranean and Hookah. They are open late and their food is always consistently great. My favorites are the chicken kabobs, they take longer to cook but it's so worth the wait. The Fatosh salad is also amazing, so light and refreshing. They also do cucumber substitutions for those that do not want pita bread for the dips. Their Hooka lounge is always fun and you can get food there as well. I love the mint chocolate with coconut.
3	The atmosphere was nice.  This location is bigger than the one on Maryland Pkwy and they had a DJ.  Not sure if that's a nightly thing or if they just do it on Friday's but it made for a fun night.  A few downsides in comparison to the other location:1. They have fewer couches so it's easy to get stuck at a table which is not as comfortable. 2. The staff is not as friendly and helpful.  All in all it was a good experience and I would go back again.
1	If I could leave worse than a 1 star I would. I called in a lunch for 8 people 24 hours in advance. They took my order, asked for my credit card info, and assured me the lunch would be ready the next day. I showed up to a bunch of people acting confused and playing the blame game. Not one person new anything about the lunch and the girl working up front simply laughed and said, "Oh well, someone must have forgot to put the order in, haha!" I asked to speak with a manager and was informed there are no managers on duty. I then asked for the owners name and received a blank stare. Long story short, their awful customer service cost me business. Reps should avoid this place at all costs.
1	I have been to Paymon's several time the last 4 years and have always enjoyed the service and food but have no idea WTF happened tonight!!!!!!!!! Service was very slow and the waitress was over worked in fact only she was the only wait staff for the night. Food was cold and lacking of flavors. Use to enjoy the place but will never return!! Goodbye Paymone's
3	I love falafel, but I never get to have it.  Greg always chants, "Falafel is awful."  Partly because he likes the rhyme, partly because he knows it annoys me, and partly because he hates falafel.  I was super excited when he suggested Paymon's for lunch.  He tends to avoid Mediterranean restaurants, because he always says, "Isn't that whole area a little iffy?"  Paymon's serves what I think of as non-threatening food from a foreign country.  Nothing is very strange, falafel is perhaps one of their stranger things on the menu.  Everything is amazingly overpriced.Greg had the pastitsio, which is basically bland Greek lasagna, something that I could never get excited about.  (Apparently, this is no longer on the menu).  I had the falafel which had really large patties.  I prefer my patties smaller and crispier.  The fries were just superb though.  I could go to Paymon's for just the fries with their strange mustard like fry sauce.The thing that pissed me off though is when we ordered a pot of tea.  They have a great selection of tea to order from, but when we asked if we could split a pot of overpriced tea, we were informed that it wasn't allowed.  Really?  Everyone has to get their own POT of tea...not a glass, a pot.  You can't split a pot of tea.  What a joke of a restaurant showing that they really just care about ways to make money!Paymon's, by the way, is the restaurant that gets called in about on KNPR constantly.  Whenever they have a food critic on, people call in and rave about Paymon's.  It got the point that people at KNPR usually mention that they will not be taking calls about Paymon's and that Paymon's is just all right of a restaurant.  The people that called in about Paymon's apparently were over-enthusiastic employees.
1	I was sick for two days after eating the falafel here. Also the manager was ridiculous telling us what doors we could exit out of when we were attempting to leave
4	The food is great the service is ass. The only reason I gave them four stars is cause I'm fat and like the fries. Anthens fries are the best.
4	Tuesdays is happy hour in their lounge.  Although a decent HH choice, they will serve their full menu in the lounge.My favorite is their curry chicken and tandoori chicken.  You can choose a spice level for the curry as well.   I like the chicken better from the tandoori and love dipping it in the curry sauce.  However, they charge something like $5 for sauce on the side so I find it a better deal just to order an entire curry chicken meal.  The saffron rice is the best.In the past I've had also had their HH athens fries, chicken wings and hummus.  Not the best for your waist line but definitely satisfying for the belly.
4	I'm not a hookah fan, but I love Mediterranean food and Paymon's came highly recommended- the cozy interior is intimate enough for a quiet date, a family dinner, or a birthday celebration with friends. The menu offers an odd mix of Mediterranean, Italian, and vegetarian dishes, with higher price tags than I initially expected- but the quality is also much higher than I was led to expect!There are several kabob plates, the KOOBIDEH PLATE  ($13) is solid with sides of saffron rice, house salad, and roasted tomato. By far my favorite dish here though, is the EGGPLANT PITA WRAP ($9) with roasted veggies, feta, and pesto sauce. Add on a side of ATHENS FRIES ($3) with their unique dipping sauce, and ask them to bring some tzatziki too. It's a flavor and texture explosion, in the best of ways.They also have different spices, cookbooks, and gifts for sale right inside the front door. Takeout service is quick and friendly. Wednesday evenings there is a local's appreciation discount.
5	Paymon's is a must visit on every trip to Las Vegas. In a sea of dining options Paymon's is relaxing with 5-star service and exceptional Mediterranean food. An extra plus is the abundant portions of food at reasonable prices. Two could very easily share an entree and still have leftovers. Best iced tea in the valley!
2	So, I'm a hookah fiend. I have one at home and probably smoke it almost on a daily basis. My friends have hookahs so I can smoke it their houses. All in all, everyone I basically know has one and we always smoke it together whether just to chill or when we have a pahteeeee. I started coming to Paymon's years ago. The hookahs were always real good and didn't taste burnt. The guys would come around to make sure the hookah was still hitting well and constantly replaced the coals. The happy hour all day Tuesday was the best with half off hookahs and lots of drinks to choose from.Nowadays, I hardly ever go here, because the hookahs are always burnt and die really fast. The service is lacking now - I literally have to wave my hands in the air and do a little dance to get someone's attention. The drink refills dont come fast anymore so I'm always contemplating if I should just order two drinks instead of one. I used to like the other location on Maryland Pkway better, but I always came here due to distance. The other location is just the same now - the hookahs arent's as great. I'd advise you to just smoke at home where you'd get the best service haha
