5	this place is my favorite summertime drinking destination. they've got something like 20 beers on tap - most of which are imports and delicious microbrews.inside is a very cozy atmosphere. dark, thick wooden tables,and even a fire place on the ground level.the real reason to come here is the outdoor patio. surrounded on 3 sides by 50 meter tall brick buildings covered in ivy, this place is like no other. there are outdoor heating lamps, as well, for those slightly chilly beginning and end of summer days/nights. a very green terrace, with a private feel to it.
4	This place was so good, we had to swing by twice!  On our first visit, it was a Saturday night and the whole place was packed.  Lots of college students, but it was the beers that really brought us in.  The place was loud but we found a table and the waiter tried his best to describe the long list of beers they had available (A+ for effort!).  We both had such a great time that 2 days later we wondered back to this place for a late afternoon beer.  The back patio is lovely and like the previous Yelper had mentioned, you're surrounded by walls covered in ivy...very cool!
5	This is a true gem. The location is off the beaten path but close at the same time. Its also in an interesting part of town which can look dangerous at first glance but is actually very safe. You will do a double take upon entering this place from its front facade....you'll see.It has an amazing courtyard with extremely high walls all around creating its own little microcosm. The staff and clientele are an eclectic mix of young French Quebecers and servers may not speak English well, so don't try explaining what a Sam Adams is.  The Frenchies tried hard to hide this place from English Montrealers, but its been found!
5	I don't know why but i keep forgetting about the Sainte Elisabeth. Be this because it's tucked away on an adorable sidestreet or because each of my visits have been so relaxing and hassle-free, i do not know. However, i have been both in summer and in winter and enjoyed myself immensely every time.As with most of my Montreal favourites, what i like about this venue is its multiculturality. Located right next to UQAM but still just a hop-skip-and-jump from the Plateau and swarms of McGill students, the crowd is thoroughly bilingual and tables frequently switch between languages. What could be more typically Montreal than this?The inner-courtyard is just fabulous. At least fifteen feet high, the walls are covered in ivy and at night the lights create a homey glow - i half expect little fairies to pop up at any moment. Even on windy days (like yesterday), one can enjoy the terrasse protected from the cool breezes but in the shade. Although yesterday i was cursing this (i am trying to stop smoking), as the courtyard is unroofed you can smoke freely - but the air still circulates.Of course, we only have about three months of the year when outdoor drinking is feasible, but an excellent selection of beers with daily specials, friendly wait staff, clean washrooms and comfy benches make the indoor experience equally pleasurable.A word to the wise, however - some online reviewers mention great food. There is no kitchen at the Sainte Elisabeth - they order in the food from the outside. Hence, i have never ordered the food myself. Too close to other great venues (like Frite Alors) to be worth chancing it!
5	I love this place! Their back patio is walled in all 4 sides by 4 storey brick buildings, which are covered by vines. There are trees and lots of seating. But get there early because on most nights it fills up quickly.You are in the heart of Montreal, just of Ste Catherines but when you're on the "terrasse" at the Ste Elizabeth you feel transported to another world. They have lots of beers on tap (my favs are Boreal Blanche, Kilkenny and Rickards Red) and the service is great. I never got to the bottom of my pint before the waitress was over with an offer for another drinks.This is my favourite place to drink in Montreal in the summer.FYI they don't take debit. Only cash or credit.
5	Stopped here for drinks with friends prior to the jazz festival.  They started happy hour early for us, and have the kewlest terrace I have ever been on in my entire life.  It was very cool in temp, even though it was super hot outside.  And the vines going up the sides of the walls were so amazing (even though I know they are just destroying the bricks).  Service was awesome, my husband got drunk.....What more could I ask for?  haha.  All kidding aside, awesome place.  highly recommend.
4	This was a great place to have a few drinks on a warm summer night. The terrace was in full bloom (outside was at capacity; inside was empty), and the atmosphere was perfect. I was told later that the food is good, but few were eating when we were there -- the blanc/noir beer special of the hour probably had something to do with it.
5	Another hidden gem in Montreal for English Montrealers.While it's hidden off on a side street from Ste-Catherine in a part of town which isn't far from the red light district, it seems mostly UQaM students primarily know about this place.Amazing terrasse, completely enclosed on all four sides with ivy growing over the walls and long elegant  trees interspersed between the tables. Great micro-beer selection and very friendly service. I have also heard it's quite the cozy spot in the winter with the fireplace ablazin' and plush leather chairs.If it served a few more snacks and pub grub, it would be perfect!
4	I found this pub online from TripAdvisor under bargains so I had to check it out. They have happy hour from 16:00-20:00 weeknights, any draft Boreal, including Stella, is $4. I didn't think it was hard to find, but you have to know it's there so look up the address before you go. The pub itself is small. Out back is a lovely private patio surrounded by brick buildings and ivy. Too bad it was too cold the evening we went so most of it was roped off and the smokers were out there. I enjoy Montreal's ban on indoor smoking. We sat at the bar where I enjoyed a Stella and my partner enjoyed his Guinness. The place was pretty crowded and stayed so while we were there. Music wasn't too loud. Mostly young people, probably the college kids from UQAM, but they didn't seem rowdy or obnoxious so us old fogies didn't feel out of place. Good place for a drink, would definitely return. One bathroom with stalls, a couple of private bathrooms. Clean!
4	This is a charming little bar right off of Sainte Catherine street and which offers a decent selection of brews while offering a very unique decor and atmosphere. While it's rather dark, there's plenty of seating available and right next to the entrance they have a nice fireplace.Near the bar there is a large window which lets you peep right into their big terrace but it was closed on my visit there since it was the dead of winter, in January, with freezing temperatures. It's completely walled in and absolutely awesome looking - I want to go back in durin warmer temperatures to check it out.The place is very relaxing and the music is varied enough to captivate people's attention and not loud enough to interfere with conversations. The food is apparently decent but we went there for drinks and the service wasn't bad at all - The beers were affordable and came ice cold.  While I had not heard of the place, I essentially found it randomly using the Yelp iPhone app and it seemed to be pretty decent. After we walked there, this place exceeded our expectations - It's pretty awesome.
5	This bar (they also have bar food) is amazing! Not too $$$ and beautiful! The outdoor garden is a perfect excuse to visit if not a drinker. Another note: this place opens at 4pm and has zero seating room on this Friday-nice looking crowd
3	This place is great-only thing was we couldn't get a table in the outside patio!! It was a Friday night though-still had a great time. Get there early on weekends to get a good seat. Great local and non-local spot. excellent beer choices. don't plan on eating.
3	This pub seems to me like it would have been a lot better had I arrived earlier.  When I got there, there were tons of people and no tables.  I went upstairs, and the service was pretty slow... She took about ten minutes to take our drink orders despite the fact that we were standing at the bar looking like we needed drinks and doing the finger-lift thing occasionally when she looked our way.  Instead, she was chatting.Anyways, like I said: a lot of potential, but it didn't pan out when I went.  Maybe if I make it there again, it will be better and I can update this review!
4	This is one of Montreal's great patio bars. Tucked away on a smallish side street off a slightly seedy part of Ste. Catherine, I can still remember my first time walking through the unremarkable inside bar to the magical back patio, which was fully hidden from the street, enclosed by the nearby mid-rise brick buildings and sprinkled with some good size trees. The patio is always packed with an energetic a mix of local French and English university students, laughing, smoking and drinking. Beer choice is reasonable with primarily Boreale beers on tap and prices on the low side.The only negative is that it's sometimes hard to get a table and service can be slow. Other than that there are few places I'd rather be on a nice summer night.
5	Kickass bar, no complaints, except that we only had about an hour to spend there.We were nuggets for beer, ended up here.  Got some white ales with orange slices, tasty and refreshing and light.  Got a taste of a friend's Leffe, tasty and thick and smooth and wonderful.  Our friends forgot to tip the bartender before we got there, and we *still* got service.  How much better can it get?The noise level is completely manageable.And the answer to the most dire question of all: yes, the fire in the fireplace is real, it's just gas-burning. You're both right.
4	What a fantastic place to have a cold beer on a warm summers day. Between the 100 foot brick wall and the trees, you can always find a nice spot in the shade. Considering that it's located in the middle of a very busy urban area, there's something very tranquil about this place.I've never been at night, and I've never been in the winter. But if you're looking for a nice outdoor space to enjoy a beer, and you don't feel like smelling car exhaust on a loud street terrace, this is the place for you!
4	Great outdoor space, perfect for St Patty's day pub crawl.During the St Patrick's day celebration this place has earned the best of review for the following reasons1, it is not jam packed until much after the parade2, They set up heat lamps around the interieur courtyard, 3, They do fill up with lots of partyers4. They also have outdoor bars
4	I went to the pub on one of the few sunny days in the last few weeks.  The back yard court yard really is quite spectacular. It is an yard surrounded by 3 story buildings, on  2  of the walls is a huge vine, which I assume will be full of lovely greenery once the sun reappears for more than a day.The prices are very reasonable, the wait staff is friendly and effecient (no waiting on your next drink here!), the patrons are varied in style, and age but everyone seems to fit in.It appears that this use to be a brothel, so when you sit in the yard your can look onto the glassed in 2nd floor veranda, and imagine the gilrs being paraded for the gents, while the horse drawn cariage waits to the side, under the entry way to whisk away Monsieur so and so, at the end of his visit.I do indeed recommend a visit anytime it's nice out.
5	Awesome, awesome beer garden. Hidden down an alley with a shady entrance reveals an awesome terrace with high, ivy lined walls. Great service and great vibe.A definite stop for some daytime beers.
2	I might be alone in this, or maybe I was there at the wrong time, but I wasn't that impressed. Our waitress was very ditzy, I asked her if they had any Dutch beers to which she replied "We do, I'll get you the menu", I'll spoil the surprise..they don't. Their beer selection is pretty..meh, besides lacking Dutch beer they also only have two (?) German beers..boo.On top of that the import beers are $8/pint. The rest of the evening it was rather hard to get our waitress' attention when we needed a refill. The vines are neat though.
1	The service here was AWFUL. We waited for a long time to get service, finally when someone came around to take our order the waitress was extremely rude and refused to serve us water and snapped at us. I have never been spoken to like that and will be sure to alert my friends and make sure that no one returns here. Never again.
5	Fuck: this is the only bar in the world.
5	This was the best deal for beer we found while in Montreal. The space is really great too. Clearly not a deal breaker for the whole experience, but our waitress did convince me to tip her more by confusing my understanding of Canadian money and kindof like, straight up tricking me. Oh well. At least the bartender saved us bills by swaying us to get what was dirt cheap.
3	Very welcoming staff.  A fire in the hearth (gas) was also very welcoming on a very rainy day.  At 4 PM on Sunday we were one of 2 occupied tables in a large bar - there's also a good-sized outdoor area.  A very fine audio stream - we were told it gets harder around 7.The pub is off the beaten track in a marginal neighborhood the strip between Berri-UQAM and downtown seems to be Montreal's adult entertainment area.It was nice yo get out of the rain and out of the neighborhood.
3	There's a place I go to in Philly called the El Bar.  Le Sainte Elisabeth reminds me of the El Bar, except that it's 20 times better.  Get some beers inside and head out back to the terrace (weather permitting).  I don't recall paying that much.  It's crowded as shit and the one waiter is swamped, just go back inside to the bar and get another beer.  What's so hard about that?  Careful, someone puked in the bathroom and it's not flushing.  Yeah, it's that sorta place.  I like it.
1	This place used to be good. I'd been here at least six times before, without a complaint.... Then the service went to the dogs. The last time my three friends and I went was after a free show in the Quartier des Spectacles-- the place was packed, but we managed to snag a table that had just been vacated by a group of six on the terrace. The slightly frazzled barmaid approached us, greeted us in French, started taking our order and promptly detected we were English (though all bilingual, and responding to her in French, without a second thought).... And which point her attitude went from acceptable to horrifying. She rudely told us that we were far too many for the table because she 'could not pass' (bear in mind that this terrace is un-navigatable on any given night *and* we were four at a table just vacated by six). We civilly tried to come to some sort of understanding (IE- reshuffling ourselves to allow her a wider lane)...  But she would not be swayed and continued to speak to us in the same unacceptable manner. It got to the point that she called the manager over to have us thrown out of the bar (for being 'unruly'-- the manager would not allow us an explanation). If I had to hazard a guess, it's because we were anglophone. I truly can't think of any other reason for that sort of treatment or the Jekyll and Hyde act.I, nor my friends have never been rude to service people in our lives. And believe me... none of us, nor the rest of our friends will ever return to an establishment that treats potential (and local) paying customers with such xenophobic contempt.
5	Didn't know what to expect, but I was impressed. Couches, booths, small seating areas, fireplace downstairs and more room and bar service upstairs. There are also smaller rooms upstairs which looked super cozy. Good but loud music, so I wouldn't go there if you want to have intimate conversation. Great for big groups even though the tables are small It was no problem to move things around to accommodate for more people. Fantastic selection of beer, friendly staff, and good crowd of people.
5	My favorite terrace in the city, hands down
4	Magnificent terrace... Very cozy feel to it :)
4	One of my go-to pubs in Montreal (because there isn't a lot in this town - it's more bars).This place is great on a Summer day, sitting out the back in the enclosed courtyard with plenty of shade and a few (too many) beers. It's always busy, but I've always managed to squeeze a few tables together and fit everyone in.I haven't really bothered going much in the colder months - there is an indoor section, but it doesn't seem to be too big. Looking at the other reviews, it sounds like they have upstairs seating, but I've never been there - the courtyard is the place to be.
4	Lovely terrace, with romantic lights and heat lamps, but unfortunately it started pouring almost immediately after we got our beers. We ran inside, and fortunately there was plenty of seating upstairs though the downstairs was full. There's even some seating in a little sunroom that looks out over the terrace. I was most impressed and grateful for the many bathrooms. We just came for the happy hour, which is $4 for any Boreal or Stella.
3	A frisky living room  with  dark red wood tables sweetend by a cozy fireplace. A secret  ivy covered terracce - On quiet nights each table is filled with smiling strangers curious as to who you are . While you sip on the Multitude of drinks . If not from Mtl go take a look and enjoy the Graffiiti in the once dangerous back alley behind the venue.
4	Le Sainte Elisabeth is known for its legendary terrace. It's not as grand as the crazy one over at Saint-Sulpice, but its size and in-the-corner-ness does give it quite the kick.The inside is pretty nice, and it's got that nice woody bar feeling you expect to see in a proper pub. If the first floor is full (and chances are it will be), there's also a pretty big second floor with much more space. The music at the place is pretty loud though, so you'll have to get pretty up-close-and-personal if you want to talk to someone.They turned their fireplace on (with FIRE!) when I was there in the winter, and that was a pretty good spot to hang around until the staff forced us out cause we were blocking the entrance. Oh also, just a heads up, the terrace is closed in the winter. The entrance to the bar is in a small, fully graffiti'd alleyway off of St Catherine street. It's hard to miss the entrance on a night out since there's usually a crowd outside and the graffiti on the wall outside is pretty neat.
4	If you're not sitting outside on the kick ass terrasse, then don't even bother. This pub is tucked away on a quiet little corner of Ste Elisabeth and it's super easy to find, it's the only door with the queue out front. The beers are cheap, the pub grub ain't terrible and the terrasse is always a lively, ivy-covered oasis smack dab in the middle of the city. The only reason I am giving this place 4 stars instead of 5: the bathrooms (yuck) and the fact that they had The Tragically Hip on repeat all 3 times that I have been there as of late.
3	Great place to grab a few drinks- very loud and busy though. Went here for dinner but they had to order the food in from down the street - it was okay. I had a mojito and it wasn't the best I've had, but great atmosphere!
5	I made the mistake of going upstairs first, and for about a half hour couldn't figure out what all the excitement was about this place. When I came downstairs I totally got it - it would be a pretty standard dive, but the crazy tall outer wall surrounding the terrace covered in ivy (or something like it?) also makes you feel like you're in your own private garden.Booze -They have a full bar, but what I really enjoyed was the selection of microbrews from Boreale & Alexander Keith's. The beers are pretty cheap, I want to say about $6/20oz for any of the microbrews.Crowd - It's packed in just the right way - not too tough to find a table, but still consistently almost full. The crowd is mixed, but overall skews young-ish (think mid-20's).Service - The waitresses are always outrageously busy, and won't always start a tab for you. Don't let this deter you - just keep it in mind when you're thinking about waiting to order your next beer.Music - Upstairs they were playing a weird mix of 90's alt rock tunes, but down at the terrace it's more of an indie vibe.But really, the most important thing here is the overall atmosphere. You just have to see this terrace. It's amazing. Combine that with a bunch of young happy people having a cheap beer and you've won my heart. Even though this would be a pretty cool spot regardless, there's something really special about getting that feeling like you're in your own little world somewhere.
4	Just back from a trip to Montreal ,this was one of my favourite finds .Tucked away down a quiet street near the Latin Quarter. Had a good selection of beers on and a really great oasis of a garden terrace at the rear with some really good music piped in .I discovered the great Canadian group The Tragically Hip here over several beers for that I will always be grateful to the Sainte Elizabeth. Strongly recommend a visit if your in the city
1	I'll get the "positive" out of the way, which seems to be the outdoor patio if you believe all the reviews about it. It's ok I guess, if you like to be enclosed between 4 giant walls covered with vines. I've definitely seen better elsewhere.The waitress was very rude, and we're usually pretty chill about service so it takes a lot for me to say this. I think she replied "We're a pub, we do beer" at least 4 times when we asked for other shit THEY HAVE IN THEIR MENU. She agreed to make one whisky sour, which came with a dead spider in it. Amazing.As for their beer selection, absolutely nothing to rave about; since that's "what they do", I would have expected much better. Just avoid this spot.
4	I found this place through drinkowl.com when I was searching for places that were close enough to the Quartier des Spectacles to stop by for a quick drink before or after. Le Sainte Elisabeth has $5 domestic beers on tap during happy hour, so I was curious to check it out. After reading a few negative reviews of the place, including a recent one star review, I was ready to be disappointed when I went to Le Sainte Elisabeth earlier this week, but wanted to check it out for the happy hour special before going to a concert at Places des Arts.I was pleasantly surprised that the bar is totally charming and cozy. There were two spots on a love seat. At first I thought it was not going to be a great place to sit because it was near the door, though it was actually the closest seat to the fireplace and they had a fire going that evening. It was nice to warm up and gaze out at the patio, even though the patio was closed off due to the weather.The bar turned out to be exactly what I was looking for - a cozy and cool spot to grab an affordable drink. I will definitely return to Le Sainte Elisabeth in the future.
3	I'm in love with their outdoor terrasse, and their 'pub' decorations-and-feels is pretty cool too. But the service is a bit slow, especially on crowded week-end nights! Now I go there only when I have friends who organise events/partys there, but otherwise, I will go elsewhere for a quiet place to drink my beer and talk with friends.
4	4 stars in the summer on the terrasse and well, lower when not. But really, what a lovely hidden spot. If you've never been here before you'll doubt you're on the right track, but yes, past Foufounes and all the grit and graffiti and closed doors of this bit of St Catherine, up what feels like a dead end alley, and through a small barely marked door and you;re there. A regular old pub that opens onto an completely enclosed terrasse with ivy-covered stone walls stretching up the floors above you towards the sky, lots of seating, wooden benches, high-school era tunes, friendly easy going service, a perfect place to forget how old you are and what time it is and just enjoy. This will help you enjoy the food too which is not bad, but not good pub delivery from a nearby joint. Inside is fine, just a cozyish pub with the occasional good open mic night.
5	The one thing I have to mention is the terrasse! It's a fun place to go to and have a discussion over a beer or two or three... The prices are fair for Montreal. I can't find anything else to say, it's an experience of its own. Oh yes! The background music is really well chosen.
5	Let's get right down to it: the terrace.Yes, the bar is cool enough. Yes the drinks are reasonably priced. Yes, the people are OK enough going up to a stranger in the men's room to ask him if he would play wingman for an odious third wheel.Two strange men: "Hey, man! You wanna have sex?!"Me: ".......... Um......... With you?"Two strange men: "No no no! We're hanging with these two girls, but they have another girl with them."Me: "Oh. Ha, no thanks. I'm here with my girlfriend."Two strange men: "Just leave her!"Yes, at Le Sainte Elisabeth, you can get drunk and offer to pimp out strangers free from the glaring, shaming eye of social judgment. But what really MAKES this place is the terrace.Ensconced by the surrounding buildings, ivy crawling up the very tall brick walls, the terrace at Le Sainte Elisabeth has that hidden-away feel of a prohibition-era speakeasy, feels almost like the kind of place that should require a password to keep out the riffraff.It's loud, sure, and it's tightly packed, but sitting there and looking around at the people, the wisps of cigarette smoke, the lights giving life to the leaves dancing in the wind that swirls down into the terrace square, it's what you'll need after a long day in a taxing city.
2	Ok I was having a fantastic time at this bar. My first time visiting. Great atmosphere. Excellent waiters. I went to the bar to buy a beer and a redhead bartender helped me and I ordered two beers, and gave her a $1 tip. I had given the waitress excellent tips all night and even that same bartender some great tips. This time, I thought the $1 was enough since I had spent a nice amount on drinks and tips. She looked at my dollar tip, pushed it towards me, and said: "um...usually it's %15 tip..." I have been to bars since I've been 18 (I'm 36 now) and I've never had a waiter or bartender complain about a tip. I will never come back here again. I hope she reads this review and feels like an ass....because she has no class.
3	The terrace really makes this place. It's pretty cool, walls of green vines! Decent enough beer list, friendly staff, friendly fellow terrace drunks. My friend and I were seated next to a big tree. We were really puzzled by a partial electrical socket sticking out of the tree trunk. It looked like part of it had been smashed off. We don't understand how this ever would have worked. Anyway, it's a decent place to get your drink on. Not too loud either, there were a few people along the edges of the terrace reading books and drinking.
1	I did not like this place.  Yes, the terrace is pretty, but the service is SO BAD.First, they don't take debit or credit, which I know is the case in certain places but I think it's bad business.  Second, you have to pay for your drinks as they come to the table, which to me ruins the experience of having a night out and chatting with friends - I don't want to deal with money AS the drinks come.  Again, I know they're not the only place that does this but it really rubs me the wrong way.  The waitress took forever to come serve us. I wasn't really in the mood for alcohol so I asked for a diet coke, and she said they don't have anything diet. Huh?!  Then, I ordered some chicken wings and it took over an hour, and then this guy comes up to the table and hands me a styrofoam container in a paper bag with a receipt stapled to it. I was confused but then he explained he was the delivery guy - they don't make the food on the menu, they order it out, and then the other restaurant comes and delivers it! So now I'm tipping another restaurant delivery man for food I ordered here? To be fair, it did say that on the menu on the cover (which I didn't see until much later), but who reads the cover of the menu?? I found the whole place to just be ridiculous. On top of that, the drinks are expensive. Never again.
4	This is a great pub that is somewhat hidden off of Saint Catherine street. The interior space is nothing special, but, as everyone else has said - the terrace is amazing. However, if you are sensitive to cigarette smoke, the terrace will not be a place for you -- it is consistently very smoky. The service is really good too with attentive wait staff and daily deals on different draft beers. And, like at most other bars, if you tip generously the service goes from really good to excellent :) This is really just a place for drinking as they have no kitchen, but they will order food (pizza and such) from another pub and bring it to you.
3	Nice pub down a side street.  The draft beer selection is okay but not great.  Bottles are better.Terrace is nice.  There are lots of places to sit inside.  Good service.
1	The terrace is cool, but the service was terrible. Waitress was curt (borderline rude). We asked what beers they had, she stared blankly and listed a few styles. We chose IPA, but who knows from where. The second beer I ordered, she just never brought. And I don't think it was because we were Americans--two french-speaking UQAM students sat down at the next table and left after 20 minutes of no service.This was the first place we went after driving in from Toronto (since we were staying at the lovely Angelica Blue B&B down the street) and we were worried this was how Montreal was going to treat our freedom-loving these-colors-don't-run boy-howdy American selves. Thankfully, this was not the case--we were respectful and friendly to every other establishment and were treated with absolute graciousness. Not here, though.Neat spot, but get your act together.
5	This bar features one of the coolest patios in Montreal. We had made some new friends while at the Arcade Fire concert and after the show they helped us navigate our way out of the park via the metro. They suggested we go to this bar for a nightcap. A few nights before while walking around we tried without luck to find this bar, not realizing the entrance was down a small alley.  It was fate that we ended up here a few nights later.    We went directly to the patio and found one of the last remaining tables, and a waitress came over right away and took our drink order. The drinks which were strong were also fairly inexpensive. It doesn't get much better than good drinks, at affordable rates while surrounded by old school architecture with awesome company.   This is a bar that I would frequent if only I lived close enough. I am so glad we were with locals that evening and finally got to see this place. If you find yourself in the area and the weather is nice I suggest you check this place out for yourself.
