3	1st~ Apparently you cant take Dally G. anywhere without him knowing someone!2nd~That is a good thing since his friends bought us a round!But~Seriously this is a pretty cool dive bar! The live band was good. The booze was cheap and a very diverse crowd of people.We all had a great time and watched a comedy show for free!(Dallas playing pool)We will be back!!!
4	Kinda dumpy but decent drinks and prices.  Cool live music if you like hard rock or classic rock.  No cover.  The drinks are $1 more on live music nights, but that just makes them normal prices so who cares.  Cool bartender.  Forget her name but she is there all the time, blond hair chick.  Dry sense of humor.  Door guy is cool.  Manger guy is cool.  Pool tables.  Juke box.  Clean for a biker bar. Stage for the band which is nice.  I dig it.
5	I am a bit partial to this bar... Our Band (Screaming Ant) plays there all the time. The bar it'self  has been around along time and shows it's age... But what's inside are the nicest folks I ever ran across in my life...  It has pool, Large tv's for Sport games! Live Music!The entertainment draws from some of the best rock  bands in the valley and brings some good ole rock and roll that you you just don't find anywhere else!Now,  besides the playing there I have no relations with anyone in the place, and all I know is that when I ask the owner if I could use the bar for an event to raise money for my sister, who has been diagnosed with cancer. With out a blink of an he said yes and they have been great help at helping me organize the event.The bar has a huge parking lot and easy access!The Bartender and waitresses or really on their game.  I remembered as I left the place that I was really happy and I wanted to go back. When we get Gigs there our band get's excited that is because the crowds are fun and it seems like we make new friends everything we play.
4	Divey dive for sure and I loved it!  I mozied in here on a random Tuesday with a buddy of mine, after leaving a lame dive bar... we thought it rocked!  My former local haunt of a dive bar has transformed into something I'm not really a fan of , so I am in need of a replacement (my buddy agreed).  This place has less than attractive people; they are friendly, kinda...if you can handle a few sarcastic jabs from the regulars :)  The bartender is wonderful, even though the top shelf here is probably the bottom shelf at most bars.  They apparently have music on the weekends and I can't wait to check it out...I will keep you updated; this may become my new favorite five star dive bar!
4	I can't say that I would have ventured here on my own accord, but I have been twice with groups of friends that picked the spot and I had a blast both times. The bar is pretty divey, but they service is friendly and the drinks are cheap. There was live music on both occasions I was in and it really was pretty good. I wouldn't say this spot or the patrons were too classy, but if you are lookin to have fun on the cheap, enjoy good live music and let loose without feeling judged, this is the place!
4	A really good place to hear a local band. The stage is well-positioned and there's an actual dance floor. There's a tall riser for the drummer so you can actually see him (or her) play. Drinks aren't expensive, and there was no cover the night I was there.Sadly, the woman who dragged me out on the dance floor ended up crashing into a speaker post and spraining an ankle. There were RN's in attendance who improvised an urgent care center on one of the barstools. It's that kind of place. Enjoy.
2	Boring.1) just a cover band2) I don't mind having my ID checked but a second time as I'm putting it away from the first time? I realize that most of the crowd there was 40+ so they may not be used to the under thirties but really trust your staff, or coordinate better or something so I can finish a sentence and sit down without being interrupted a second time3) it's not too small but something about the layout made it feel really cramped4) CASH only or maybe there was a minimum. I remember it was an issue and don't expect them to warn you about it when you order your drinks. There is a sort of visible sign that you may or may not notice.5) Service could have been much more helpful and overall wasn't that friendly.We won't be back. I just didn't really find any good points. Boring, loud, poor service bordering on rude, kind of a hassle just to get a drink unless you always carry cash.
4	I think the people who work in this bar are some of the nicest you'll ever meet.  It's kinda divey but the drinks are very cheap and the band rocked (ReGroove).  There is a dance floor which is pretty generous, the band area is elevated and there are pool tables.  The bathroom is mediocre and the tables are all raised with stools which can get tough on the body if you're there for a while............but again, the staff is awesome, they have great bands and prices can't be beat!
2	It's basically a hole in the wall that has live music.  The only problem with this joint is that you can't count on the bands or the guy at the joint that books them.  Without the band you're just stuck in a joint paying too much fit your food.  The regular customers are a good group of people and the staff has been there forever, so yeah, this could be your 'Cheers', but don't expect free refills or decent prices.  Everybody will know your name, though.
1	Very very odd place. Will not be returning, extremely loud, forget having a conversation with anyone. We were by the front door and this stage on the other end of the bar, and still couldn't hear each other. Def a dive bar. Mostly men, keep a close eye on your wife or girlfriend. They'll be snatched if you're not careful. Lots of HOG members and other motorcycle clubs present. This crowd makes me somewhat nervous, and my husband is a 250lb biker.
