5	THE STAFF:Friendly and able to suggest restaurants in the area. Helpful also with giving directions and obtaining a taxi for you.THE ROOM:Spacious. Stylish. Comfortable. THE BED:Huge. Comfortable. Nice sheets.THE BATHROOM:Gigantic tub. Separate shower. HEATED FLOORS which I never thought mattered but now I know they are heavenly. THE PRICE:Good value for your money. They also seem to have deals if you call them up.THE FOOD: I had lovely crepes and eggs benedict w/ smoked salmon for breakfast. It was one of the best breakfasts I've ever had.THE LOCATION: It is quite close to the subway and as mentioned the staff will help you with directions. Old montreal is a nice looking place, and it's a short / cheap cab ride to other parts of montreal if you don't want to take the subway. (Though you should, because it's easy and fast.)I would never stay anywhere else.
5	I stayed here a little while back for a three day visit to Montreal and it stands out as the best hotel experience I've ever had. The staff were accommodating, helpful, and went well above and beyond. Not only did they make last minute reservations, offer (excellent) restaurant recommendations, and help us navigate the metro... When we told them that we were on a hunt for amazing and unusual bottled beer to bring back to Ontario, they got busy on the internet trying to find the best place in town for us to search. The location is great, in the heart of old Montreal (and my room had two big floor to ceiling windows that I could open and gaze out). The building is lovely, our room was immaculate, comfortable, clean, and creatively decorated, which is such a nice treat in a ritzy hotel. I adored every minute of my stay here.
5	This is absolutely the best hotel experience my husband and I have ever had! Located on a quiet corner on the edge of Old Montreal this former mill has been complete updated and re-designed inside. The interior is modern with concrete floors, exposed brick walls, art deco furniture. The room had a spectacular bathroom with a large 2-person tub and a heated floor. We could hear no sounds from the neighboring rooms. It was so warm and comfortable.The very best part of our stay, however, was the staff! They were friendly, accomodating and always went above and beyond our expectations! We highly recommend this beautiful hotel!
4	Hotel Gault has a great location in Old Montreal (a five minute walk to the Square - Victoria Metro station). The building is elegant on the outside and contemporary/hip on the inside. The lobby is quite stark with a concrete floor and modern furniture. This contrasts with the warm and effusive staff members who are the antithesis of aloof hipsterness. They are full of local tips and genuinely show hospitality.The rooms are contemporary/hip, as well. This means concrete flooring with some short carpet and a flooring that looks like a modern woven plastic placemat, modern furniture, a futon style bed, and no cabinetry (wheeled shelving units). It can be a bit too clever: poor lighting, bathroom ergonomics that are troublesome, and a generally messy look. Housekeeping keeps the room clean, but is a bit lax on some details like glassware and tidying the place up.Breakfast is served in the lobby. Included in our room rate was a continental breakfast. Even though the place was generally empty, the service was excruciating slow, given that no cooking was required. We would have complained were it not for the delightful servers who always displayed a bit of quirky Franglish humor. The breakfast, itself was just fine.The room rates are pretty high, Montreal is not an inexpensive city. Stay there if you are looking for a design-oriented place and are willing to overlook some inconveniences. The staff will charm you.
5	Exquisite hotel located in Vieux (old) Montreal.The exterior is very historic although, the interiors are ultra hip. I absolutely loved the stained concrete throughout.. ... and the rooms are incredibly spacious, not to mention plush! If you're not planning on having a driver/cabby, everything is in close proximity of walking distance. Intimate lobby is filled with visually appealing magazines. Complete pleasure!
5	Hotel Gault is by far the best boutique hotel I've ever stayed in. The service there was unbeatable. The moment I walked into the hotel, the staff already knew my name and that I had requested an early check in and late check out.They offered me a complimentary drink in their lobby bar/restaurant while they went upstairs to check the hotel room. The room itself was beautiful with high ceilings. Free wi-fi and cute location in old Montreal. I'd come back next time I go to Montreal.
5	my partner & i stayed here about a year ago for two nights.  it was great.  i really liked the decor, both in the lobby area & rooms.  i liked the loft-layout, too, and it was different the way the bed was kinda in the middle of the room.  the service was great too.  the only drawback is that part of town is pretty dead late at night -- that's good for having peace & quiet and getting a good night's rest, but when we wanted a late bite to eat, there were very limited options.  maybe there's more options there now... we were there summer 2010.  i'd totally go back.
5	Hotel Gault is amazing. From the moment we arrived until we left, we received great advice and assistance with all of our inquiries. We stayed in a jr. suite and it was a beautiful room.
5	Loved Hotel Gault! the location was great, walkable to incredible restaurants, etc., the staff was amazingly sweet/knowledgeable/helpful/friendly. the room was urban-hipster-chic, the bed super comfy, linens/sheets were high quality, flat-screen TV, iPod docking & big windows added to the "boutique" feel. Once you shut your door, it was very quiet - no noisy neighbors/etc., & we were right across from the elevator.I should mention, you best be tight with your travel companion b/c the loft-like set-up means there is virtually NO privacy while you're showering (glass shower is basically IN the room with a very sheer curtain separating the sleeping area. it didn't bother me, but i could see how some may not like being "on-display" & may appreciate a bit more privacy -- depending on who you're with ;-)
5	If only all hotels could be this quiet.....I took friends from the UK and sadly only had one night with them. We drove up from Woodstock VT where I co-own the Woodstocker inn...so I'm picky...and yet again the Gault came up trumps!I managed with the help of the door man to get the only free parking spot right outside of the hotel, and then found they had been kind enough to give me an upgraded room with a large tub....which was right up my alley as I love to sit in the bath!Again the place was quiet and this time I had a vibrating king bed....shame I had no one to share it with! So I was happy...and they make a bloody good cuppa.....I will return with someone next time as those vibrations need sharing!!!!
4	The Gault is a wonderful destination.  My fiance and I stayed for Valentine's day weekend 2012.  We picked what could have been one of the coldest weekends all winter to visit Montreal, but due to the cozy warmth of our home-away-from-home at the Gault we felt so comfortable!  The room was lovely, we had a loft basic package and really enjoyed the heated floor and cute door overlooking the street.  The bed is super soft and really a nice complement to the modern look of the room.  There's turn down service and cookies provided daily.  The location of the hotel in Old Montreal could not have been better - it's perfect for walking through the area and very close to the waterfront.We took part in the spa package offered through the website with the Scandinavian baths and really enjoyed the experience.  Our massages were great and the price was reasonable and cheaper than what we would have paid on our own.I emailed the concierge ahead of time to request a special wine and snack celebratory surprise for my fiance and they were so helpful.  The entire request was provided to perfection and right on time.  I would highly recommend working with the concierge as the recommendations for dinner and jazz club were completely on-point.I've given 4 stars instead of 5 for a couple of reasons: the price is still a bit high for what you get, the breakfast is not included in the room rate although we were told it would be upon check in, and the gym is adequate but quite small.
4	Very nice boutique hotel in Old Montreal. Friendly staff and good location.  We really enjoyed the room service breakfast.  The hotel has a gym and serves food  all day.  Rooms are comfortably modern and spacious (we were in a mini suite).
5	Super little hotel with a great location to walk to both old montreal and downtown. Rooms are spacious, clean and funky.
5	In Montreal for a long weekend of exploring the city on foot and eating our way through the simple to the sublime. Hotel Gault made for an excellent base of operations in Old Town with a clean and modern aesthetic and friendly and attentive staff. We made good use of iDevice speaker dock, comfortable bed, and well designed storage. And the must have these days, free and fast internet everywhere.
5	Outstanding boutique hotel in the Preferred Hotels chain. Nice, quiet location in Old Town and within a short stroll to Victoria Station metro (3-5 minute walk) or St. Laurent bus stop (5-7 minute walk) for exploring other sections of Montreal such as Plateau/Mt. Royal, Mile End, and Little Italy.Upon check-in, I was greeted with a complimentary upgrade (do sign up in advance for their Iprefer rewards program)....room was huge and was a corner room with nice wrap around windows with views and plenty of sunlight. Very comfortable bed and nice rain shower.Front desk staff was most hospitable and helpful with restaurant and sightseeing suggestions, I did not eat at the hotel (seemed a bit pricey), the gym is indeed small (however, the front desk worked out a special 2-day pass for $23 at the uber trendy and nice Mansfield Athletic Club located about a 15 minute walk away off of St. Catherine), and it's not a lively, busy lobby as is the case at some other hotels but I enjoyed that. Would stay here again on a return visit....check their website for specials and packages.
5	We had the pleasure of staying at the Hotel Gault this past weekend. The hotel itself is beautiful and meticulously clean in a great location (close enough to everything while still being quiet). We were lucky enough to receive a complimentary upgrade to an apartment room which greatly exceeded our expectations-- while minimalist in decoration, the room was both cozy and luxurious. The staff was also outstanding, offering friendly greetings and opening doors for us each time we passed through the lobby. Our rooms were promptly cleaned each morning, and the turn down service (with surprise champagne and treats the first night, as well as water bottles) was a treat after a long day of exploring the city. We were also pleasantly surprised to find that the valet had left cold water bottles in the car for our trip home! Overall, I can't rave enough about this hotel which made for the most perfect, relaxing long weekend in Montreal. Hope to return soon!
5	Andres, I loved you!  Without Andres, my stay would have been rather pedestrian.  Yes, the Gault is well known for its award winning design, and may be unique in so many ways - I can't recall - to Montreal.  BUT, aside from the architectural details and a comfortable bed, and the modern and brilliantly designed bathroom, the stand out feature of my stay was Andres, a concierge.  He made my stay warm and inviting.  Without him, it would likely have been just another brick and mortar experience with pleasant faces behind a desk.  When I think of where to stay in Montreal, I only think of the Gault solely because of Andres.  He did a phenomenal job making my friend and me feel welcome.  Thank you very much, Andres!
5	I loved this hotel. The rooms along with the lobby/dining area were all beautiful, comfortable, and perfectly maintained. It was the perfect mix of modern conveniences in a historic building and area. And don't get me started on the bed.  OMG - best sleep in I don't remember how long!   Also, loved my breakfast.  Very fresh and tasty.  Food prices extremely reasonable here!This will be my home in Montreal when I return.  Heart Hotel Gault!!!
1	Wow --- what a terrible experience! my boyfriend and I arrived in Montreal hoping to find Hotel Gault to be a complete gem-- especially after reading so many positive reviews, but our experience was completely awful.Before checking in, we drove around the neighborhood to get a feel for the area, and Hotel Gault was about 7 blocks away from the main thick of old Montreal, so not really "walking distance" in frigid temps, but possibly in the summer. This wasn't a big deal for us... we could always hail a cab.Pulling up to the hotel was quite strange-- and there is no clearly defined area for valet or anything. My boyfriend had to have me pull to the curb so he could go in and ask where the paid parking or valet were; surprisingly my boyfriend and valet guy quickly returned and took care of the car and luggage. Proceeding to check in (Woo Hoo! Almost home free after 6 hours of driving from Toronto). The woman checks us in -- and clearly she had been there a while -- she explained to us that if we wanted to add an additional night to our stay, she could accommodate us but we couldn't be in the same room due to availability-- Totally cool ~ We only booked one night and paid for the double upgrade to the Deluxe Suite, with the King bed and awesome soaking tub. We figured we would stay one night and add another if we loved it.This is when it gets bad... The valet guy showed us to our room... room 260. We get to our room and immediately knew something was amiss. The room was not what we had paid for -- it featured a queen sized bed and no tub... My guy, clearly irritated told the valet guy that we paid for an upgrade 2 levels above this room. The valet guy then told us that not all rooms have tubs.... "We know, which is why we paid for a deluxe suite," my boyfriend explained. Anyway, the valet said he would have the front desk call us when he got back downstairs.The front desk calls and my boyfriend spoke with her and when he complained that this wasn't the room we had paid fo,r she said that this was the only room they had left. Basically we paid an extra $80 or so for an upgrade and they were just going to pocket the cash and put us in a room 2 levels below what we had booked.I understand that overbooking and double bookings happen, but not telling a patron when they're checking in that the suite they had booked wasn't available; then putting them in whatever lower-level room they had left and would be pocketing the extra cash is just really dishonest. Very bad business ethics.Needless to say we had to go through a whole debacle with Expedia and cancel our reservation (Which is like a 30 min process, as there are no cancellations or refunds unless there are special circumstances). Midway through the cancellation with Expedia on the phone, the front desk woman calls up and speaks directly to me. She offered a consolation and explained that if we stay in their "standard" room tonight, that her manager has given her clearance to give us this same "standard" room tomorrow for $199 a night ($100 off). No thanks!!In summary:#1: What kind of establishment allows a guest to pay for a suite w/ a king bed and soaking tub then puts them in a queen room with no tub -- What kind of business just allows guests to pay for the upgrades and takes their money without any explanation at check-in?#2: Take a good look at the photos I've loaded -- The bedside tables were both wobbly -- a trolly bar cart for a TV stand, and a very flimsy fiberboard faux wall unit. I also couldn't help but notice the melted phone -- it was kind of gross... I'm not gonna lie.#3: The location isn't really ideal-- too far to walk to new Montreal and too far to walk to Old Montreal in cold weather (maybe OK in the summer)#4: The lobby was so sterile -- no warmth whatsoever. Looks like you're walking into an upscale doctors office or something.Again I understand that sometimes over-booking and mistakes can happen; but a five star establishment would have immediately apologized and handled the situation with haste and grace. This place is clearly no five star establishment -- no apology, no haste, and no grace.
5	Last week, I and 3 friends (from southern Ca.)stayed at The Hotel Gault for 4 wonderful nights.The rooms were spacious, beautifully but minimally decorated, the bedsand linens were superb.However, the best thing about our stay was the OUTSTANDING staff at theHotel Gault.  Jonathan LeClerc, Danny Frias and Yanek(to name but a few)went out of their way to help us with reservations, restaurant suggestions and,ingeneral,just good service.   Thank you to all who made our stay "5-star".
