5	I have been going to Tressa Degiorgi for 8 years now for cut and color and she is amazing at both.  I happen to really like the current salon she is working at now.  The location is very convenient and it is a small and intimate atmosphere.  There are very few hair stylists in AZ that really now how to give a good hair cut.  There have been several times I had to go to someone else because of scheduling issues and I always regretted it.  Tressa knows what is best for each type of hair and how to compliment your face.   Recently I had her style my hair and my maid of honor's hair for my wedding and it turned out absolutely perfect.  EVERYONE at the wedding was complimenting my hair.  It looked like a style from a different era.  She is very talented and I always follow her to whichever salon she is working at.
5	I always look forward to going to this salon. It's easy to find, and the environment is hip, but friendly & comfortable. For this stay-at-home-mom, it's a welcome retreat... plus I get to walk out with awesome hair!! I've been a loyal follower of Tressa for years and there's good reason for this. The girl can do hair. I am not easy to please in this department and she always comes through. I highly recommend her to anyone!
5	I was walking back to my car in Old Town Scottsdale after lunch and stumbled across the Revolver Salon. Usually I go to the same guy to get my hair cut because I am very particular about length and thickness. Finding someone who knows how to give a great male hair cut without using clippers in this day and age is tough! I walked in on a whim, decided I need to get it done.  A pretty young lady named Daisy greeted me at the door. Told her what I wanted and she hit the nail right on the head!! I received a relaxing hot towel over my face as she washed my hair. She used the best products. Even gave me a little back and neck rub. The "royal treatment!" After all was said and done I was very pleased with my hair cut and the service. I will be back to visit Daisy again and would recommend her to anyone that knows what they want done! Thanks Daisy!
5	I followed Daisy to Revolver Hair Studio and I really like the stylish, intimate setting.  All the stylists are friendly and the atmosphere is hip.  Daisy gives a great mens cut.
5	I grabbed a now Groupon and saw Jon... he is now my forever stylist. He designed a cut and color that made me look fabulous. He is witty funny and fantastic. I have never been happier with my hair! I would recommend him to anyone.
5	I have been getting my hair cut by Emily Taylor for almost 2 years now and have had no reason to even consider getting a new hair stylist. Very professional, always leaves me satisfied with my look, and great personality!Huge fan of the double shampoo, scalp massage, and complementary Perrier. Very nice set up for a salon too. Not so big to where you feel like you're out on your own island but just enough room to where the booths aren't right on top of each other so you're practically in everyone elses' conversations. Lot's of free parking right out front too.
1	DO NOT go to this salon.  I made an appointment to get a cut and color.  After I arrived, I was left sitting for 45 minutes before Daisy (the stylist) came to get me.  She rushed through my color, got stains all over my face, and took another haircut while I was under the dryer.  End result:  she forgot about me, I had to get up and find another stylist to wash my hair out and finish my haircut.  When my hair was blown dry, the color had lifted my roots so much they were orange.  I had brown hair and wanted all-over brunette to even it out.  I ended up with splotchy orange roots and brown dye all over my face.  I have asked multiple times for a refund, although they assured me they "sent me a check" they still have not and now will not return my calls.  I have contacted the Better Business Bureau, but they could not get a response from them either and have made a note on their history.  It cost me $120 to get my roots fixed.  DO NOT GO HERE!
5	I have been getting my hair cut and colored by a stylist that works here for quite some time. Over a year, actually. I have never had a bad cut or color job. I go to Emily, and I will probably never go to anyone else, so long as she is around. She especially seems to know her colors, in fact, she has always left me happy and satisfied with my hair. She even does this awesome cranial massage while she washes your hair, it's great! The salon itself is small, but very chic and quaint. They have a concrete floor and cute little chandeliers everywhere. It's not overwhelming, I always feel very welcome there. (I've never had to wait to be seen either)  And I love that they always offer me a juice or perrier, fruits and cookies....This place is very inviting!
