4	Pain can tend to clarify your priorities. When you find that you are living with pain every day, it begins to make sense to find someone to help you get rid of it. Unfortunately, it seems, a lot of the techniques used to get rid of pain, are even more painful.One hot summer day, as Dad tends to the grill, and my extended family enjoy the pool in the backyard. I playfully splashed my aunt, who then began to chase me around the yard. As I ran through the patio, I failed to see the post, when CRACK - I broke my right wrist in two places.A few years later, I find myself in Korea, going through leadership training with the US Army. During the critical land navigation course, I began to run along a fence, much to fast to see the support wire which catches me in the chin, knocking me out instantly. I sail through the air before landing on a rock when CRACK - I broke my neck.Fast forward, too many years to mention, as the nerves in my right arm begin to suffer the effects of my old wrist and neck injuries. The pain is mild at first, but foolishly, I decided to begin a rigorous weight training program which increased the pain progressively until I decided to get some help.The Physical Therapists and Occupational Therapists at Select used combinations of exercise, stretching, massage, heat and cold to address my injuries. At every point in my therapy, they explained what they were doing, what I should be doing, and how all of this was going to help me.You may be apprehensive about going to any Physical or Occupational Therapy, but trust me when I say that this is a team you can trust.
4	The specialist I have been seeing for my knee injury prescribed me physical therapy and suggested Select Physical Therapy because they are in close proximity to my home. Good choice, then I don't have to drive all over town to get to PT like I do for the Knee guy (he's worth it don't get me wrong.... I just prefer not to suffer the stress of getting too far from home while everyone else in Vegas is driving).I will say that the best medicine here is listening to what they tell you to do and not getting in too big a hurry to get "better". Physical Therapy takes time and its best to follow the instructions that you are given b/c these guys know more about getting you better than you yourself do (I think I put this in here just to remind myself to listen to my own advice :-)). The therapists here are great. Good personalities that jive with mine. Very Knowledgeable as well. The best time to come for me is 5-6pm on Tuesday/Thursday because I get the whole place to myself :-) Looks like I am in this for a little while longer so if anything changes, I will be sure and update. and I am here on Tuesdays and Thursday currently until told otherwise
