5	Dr. Vu is talented and quick!  He doesn't make you pay for a certain amount of treatments and he doesn't tell you to come back every week if you don't need it.  He is honest and direct with his diagnosis.  I have hip dysplasia and if my hips aren't adjusted they hurt. I just stop by and Dr. Vu works his magic.  If you are looking for an honest skilled chiroprator look no further.
5	For several years I was receiving chiropractic treatment for general pain in my lower back that I attributed to lifting a trailer some years ago. The chiropractor I was using is someone I've known since high school and felt I could trust. The adjustments and treatment I was getting would give me minor relief, but my back was never quite right. Then one day a coworker told me about Dr. Vu and Rainbow Chiropractic. This gentleman swore by Dr. Vu so I made an appointment. On my first visit we discussed the pain I was having and its origin. Dr. Vu did an adjustment on me that day, but also explained to me that I would do better with some aggressive stretching exercises. He showed me how to stretch the area properly and sent me on my way. His advice was to stretch and come back every 6 months or so unless I felt the need to get treatment. That day I was sold on Dr. Vu. He could have easily suggested I come in a few time a week as I had been doing with the other chiropractor and made a bunch of money from billing my insurance. Instead, Dr. Vu gave me an honest assessment of my situation and showed me how to get relief. It's rare to find this kind of honesty and integrity these days that's why I would recommend Rainbow Chiropractic to anyone experiencing back pain.
5	Been seeing Chiropractors since before they were allowed to hang their sign up. Dr. Vu is what chiropractic care was meant to be. No lengthy and expensive programs. He was able to treat me one time and take care of the problem without x-rays. I will go back one more time for another look and to thank him. There may be Chiropractors as good in the area, but none better.
1	STAY AWAY, he is a greedy New Yorker who doesn't pickup his phone to talk like a man. Use another chiropractor who is reasonable in his billing negotiations. I blacklisted this guy and you should do the same
