4	Great food - try the specials as they are cheap and tasty. A welcome deli in Greentree, PA!
5	Sojourn is an excellent lunch spot with delicious menu options like the steak Caesar wrap and crab cakes in addition to daily specials which include soup and a side for a very reasonable price.  For less than $10, I'm not sure why anyone would opt for fast food options nearby.  You might have to wait 5 minutes longer but you're sure to get fresh, tasty food.
4	Grt food !
5	One of the best places for lunch in the area.  Friendly service; they will learn your name.  Its clear they care and provide a delicious meal at a very good price!  Wish there was a bit more seating inside but no fault to them.
5	Needed a quick bite on my way to a meeting in Greentree. I was about to (reluctantly) settle for Subway when I spotted this joint across the street. I arrived just after 1, the place was empty. I ordered one of the specials for $5.95 - which I assumed was the price of the sandwich. No - that was the price of the sandwich, a cup of soup, pickle, and a fruit cup. Aside from being a great deal, the food was great. I had the crab chowder and a cajun-rubbed turkey sandwich (which was loaded). This is a great spot for lunch - great food and reasonable prices. Highly recommend - it's a welcome alternative to the chains on Noblestown.
5	I think I ate here 10 business days in a row after I discovered Sojourn years ago. I'm a fan of soups, fresh ingredients, and anything you can put between slices of grilled bread. Often times you get a side of smiles and a friendly 'thank you' on your way out the door. I'm also a big fan of value and consistency, 3 daily specials ranging from $5.95- $7.95 that are posted daily on their facebook page makes ordering a cinch - most sandwiches come with soup or salad and a fruit cup and a pickle spear. To-go orders are neatly packed with utensils and condiments. Soup comes with crackers.If you are short on time, you can call ahead and they will have your order ready when you arrive. Outdoor seating is nice on a warm day too. Some of my favorites - pastrami rachel, pan fried buffalo chicken, ahi tuna, cajun turkey wrap, grilled chicken with pepperoni - the list is endless. All of their soups are home runs: mushroom, crab, or lobster bisque, creamy french onion, wisconsin cheddar.. If I ever leave this area for another job, I will be the one at a disadvantage for lack of the perfect lunch option!
5	Sojourns is my "go to place" for lunch at least 3 times a week or more.Why?I can always count on fresh, gourmet quality food at a fair price.Tom, owner/chef shops every morning for the daily specials and when they are gone, they are gone! But don't despair, if you see something you "gotta have", call them and they will make sure there is a portion for you.Tom's passion shows through in his food and his creativity -- today I had cinnamon bourbon sweet potato bisque. How good is that!?I could go on and on but I challenge you to find any luncheon deli that puts out the quality food at a fair price like this little gem in the Greentree/Crafton area.Oh yeah, they also cater. We have several events per year at our company and whenever we have it catered by Sojourns our employees say "Alright", so this year we are going to have them cater every event.Stop in for lunch and I think you will agree.
5	Phenominal food. High quality with low prices. Clean place. Owner was manning the fort. Nothing better than a committed business owner. Entire meal was under 10$. Pulled into this place on accident. Best mistake I made. Found my self a new go to spot. Highly recommended Honest and well maintained business. 5 stars and 2 thumbs up.
