4	The Huntridge Drug Store is a typical old Fashioned drug store with standard items including (of course) a pharmacy. They have a rack that has some outdated (vintage) postcards on it. I give it four stars not because it is an independent drugstore, not because it is attached to a dive bar, not because it had an old fashined lunch counter diner (it is open yet?) . Mostly I give it four stars because they staff I encounter there is always VERY friendly!
3	This place is a BLAST from the Past(#IOWAtasmic) a drug store with a lunch counter! Plus a pharmacy & an attached Bar.Theres no wait just sit right up to th e counter and order. They have a small simple menu but good prices.We ordered a 2 egg breakfast and a Philly Cheese Steak.The service was very fast & friendly But then again we were the ONLY customers.The food was good fresh & tasty maybe a little greasy but I like greasy. Check the pics to see it.I would definitely try it again maybe the burger which is said to be their big winner here.
3	It's actually called the Huntridge Diner. I went here for lunch last week and yeah I guess it was A-ok. I had the daily special, which for Tuesday is a Burger, Fries and Soda for $6.95. The burger didn't taste like much but it wasn't bad. The fries probably came from Sysco but they were battered and pretty tasty. Everyone was very friendly including the girl at the front cashier counter and even the cook. Besides me there was only one other customer in there so the service was good.
4	It is absolutely called the Huntridge Restaurant, not diner. I can only vouch for the burgers at this point, but they are truly outstanding, well seasoned, fresh beef, in the top 20% you will find anywhere. The fries and onion rings are good, but the burgers shine! Hand made shakes are available, but I have not tried one yet. The place is clean, plenty of old original features making for an authentic "diner" experience. Just a mile east of  Las Vegas Blvd, corner of Charleston and Maryland Pkwy., makes this an easy find for tourists who enjoy a little local downtown Las Vegas flavor. I hear the Philly cheese steaks are excellent too. Very limited hours, which have changed over the past several months, currently open till 4 p.m. Closed Sunday. One can search "huntridge restaurant" on youtube to get a feel of the place. It's a total 50's throwback tucked inside a pharmacy. Staff has always been friendly and attentive. Gotta love the free wi-fi too. A door through the pharmacy leads to a full bar.
4	I love the Huntridge.  It's a great little neighborhood dive, stress on the dive.  The drinks are crazy cheap, and they always have weekly specials.  The bartenders are friendly and entertaining, and the working-class clientele is refreshingly unpretentious and relaxed.  Warning: it is smoky as all get out in there, and smells like smoke even when it's empty! So if you're sensitive to that, don't go here.  They have a great jukebox, random bar snacks, and an array of bar video games to entertain the drunkards.  I always seem to gravitate toward this place around 2-4 am because it's right on my way home from pretty much anywhere else.  The Huntridge is open 24-hours, but if you feel the need to take the party elsewhere, you can always buy 6-packs or bottles of liquor to go!
4	A great dive bar has to strike a delicate balance between grungy and comfortable.  It should feel like the cozy little hole in the wall where the floor isn't that clean and the booths are slightly broken, but the beer and liquor are well stocked and the characters are colorful.  Think dirty enough that T.G.I. Friday's managers would be disgusted, but safe enough that you're not getting a knife in your side when you sidle up to the bar.And in Las Vegas, Huntridge Tavern is that bar.  I head here a lot during happy hour and find a collection of folks who are happy to be drinking--the clientele is usually a mix of folks just off work, folks down on their luck and smart ass regulars lined up along the bar talking to the bartender.  There's a lot of attitude is this bar.  Go with it and you'll have a good time.And Huntridge follows through on the crucial requirement for a dive bar: cheap drinks.  Beer is $2-3 from the tap, liquor was pretty damn cheap (for a generous pour as well).  It's definitely my favorite hole in the wall in town.
4	First and foremost, the interior throwback is enough to warrant three stars. The fourth is for outstanding food. One would never suspect that a time machine lays dormant inside this little pharmacy. This is the kind of place I only dream about. It wasn't crowded at 10am - the food was made right there on the grill in front of us and the waitress was pleasant. As it should be, cash only. And when you are done - bop next door (literally attached) to the Huntridge Bar. It's equally nostalgic!
5	Great vegetarian cuisine at very reasonable prices.They make great pizzas and veggie burgers.  Their breakfast menu is very tasty.The service was great.  The cook greets all customers and tries to make you feel at home.They are also certified kosher.
1	A friend and I decided to check this place out on Saturday afternoon, and all of the doors were locked. We were really excited to check it out! I'm not sure if it's even open for business. If it is, they need some store hours posted outside.
1	We are three locals having lunch here on a Wednesday - 1)  place recked of cigarette smoke - 2) staff does not seem to have an urgency in getting folks served - 3) food was okay -
4	Great service. Great ice cream-Old fashioned hand packed pints. Diner style kosher menu. Great for vegetarians. ENJOY!
5	Food is great for the price and they owner and employees are friendly. Best kosher ( no hersher tho) breakfast/brunch option in Las Vegas. You can eat anything that's on the menu all day long.
4	I liked this place. It's incredibly odd. It's a pharmacy, 50's diner, record store and general store all in one. Get the breakfast!!! And their shakes are so good.
