5	I have used several storage companies and locations throughout the years, and have been a customer at this location about 5 years now. The grounds are spotless, and the property manager, Marie, is always kind and helpful....I can highly recommend doing business here.
2	The manager here, Marie, is an absolute sweetheart - kind, helpful, efficient.  However, the Public Storage policies at this location are deceptive and not user friendly.  For instance, online they advertise $1 first month plus $22 administrative charge, which they tout as $23 move in cost.  However, when you go to sign up, it is mandatory that you buy one of their locks (at almost $20) and insurance ($9 per month).  These are presented as mandatory charges, not options.  So the advertisement of $23 total move-in cost is a bit of bait & switch.  Also, carts to help you move your items in and out of storage are only available during office hours, as you have to leave your drivers license with the office to use one.  Additionally, bathrooms are also only available during office hours as they are locked and office personnel have to open them upon request. If you're moving items in the early am or after 6pm - you're out of luck.  There are also no trash cans or dumpsters available for customer use at any time.  So if you have any trash, packing materials or boxes you need to dispose of, you are out of luck.  I would definitely choose a different storage facility next time.
1	Stay away!!!!!  Yes, you will have to purchase lock and monthly insurance! I had my belongings in storage for May-sept, when I moved out of my storage unit I realized my belongings had the most horrendous smell ever! They def did not go in there smelling like this! I am currently washing each and every item by hand hoping this stench goes away!! Even the wood in my dresser smells. I've had my belongings in storage before much longer than this and they came out smelling as good as new! Something is def. off about this place!!! Beware I wouldn't wish this stench on my worst enemy's belongings!
5	My husband and I would like to thank the manager Marie for a great experience of customer service. She was knowledgeable ,professional ,courteous and friendly. She was very knowledgeable and openly discussed options and allowed us to make decision's with out pressure, The unit, grounds, and sales office are impeccably clean and organized. Great job Marie.
2	I got the 10x10 unit as a special on Memorial Day and moved my stuff here as part of my relocation from CA. The on site manager, Marie, is very good. She's professional and helpful. I absolutely concur with the last reviewers - Isabel M & Jaime S. Buying a lock & insurance is mandatory which inflates the price. Office hours is the only time for bathroom/cart use. No trash bin on site. Lastly, the smell (like dog poop) always seem to hang around. I go in my unit and come out smelling bad. Don't know if some dead animal got stuck somewhere in the units. Also, just in...there's a surcharge on credit card use to pay. Gotta use debit/checking to avoid cost. However, the price I got is very low with the special so I guess I will stick around until I can move out my stuff to my new house. Can't wait.....
5	I have to say thank you to Marie and the district manager at Public Storage, they have been so nice and kind to me. The place is very clean and very safe. I have been around to many storage places in Vegas, and this place is the best, I mean they are very trustworthy and they will be honest. What I have been through in Vegas, this place is the best.
1	First of all Public storage is confusing on the charges. You have to buy the insurance, admin fees are added and lock. So luckily I had a lock in my truck. Was not going to spend  more money on top of the other added expenses. No carts or trash bins to dispose of trash.Secondly we moved my sons things out on saturday November 27, 2014. We got there just after they closed and was not able to get a cart. We also encountered a homeless man camping out in front of our unit. We had to ask him to move so we could move our furniture out. So every time we went in the elevator we had to lock the unit up. So that took  a lot longer. We left the lock on the unit until we called the manger on Monday. Did not realize they were opened on Sunday. When I called her when she opened she knew of this this homeless person and said he was harmless. Looks like they have two that hang around because she asked if he was the white or black one.  I told her I don't care, I don't know if he is or is not homeless. Did not feel safe and did not want him going into our unit because we are responsible for it until they check it out.Well she said there would be a prorated amount applied but due the circumstances if someone could come by there by 6, there would be no charge. We finally found someone that could get the key to go over there to get the lock. My daughter in law was given a hard time because her name was not on the unit. But they knew we were sending someone over. So they went and took the lock off and tried to charge her for the day.I called to remind Marie what she said and she claims she never said that. Okay one day prorate is not much but it is the principle of it, and we were trying to protect ourselves from a homeless man living in the halls. Did not want him going and trashing our unlocked unit. We will never rent from them again. Did not feel safe and they know the homeless people are hanging around there. Marie even said he has a unit there with all his stuff and does not sleep there. Then why was there a sleeping bag and his clothes in front our unit all layed out? Just not happy being told one thing and they do another when we were justing protecting ourselves!  I know not all homeless people harmful, but I don't know him and did not want to be robbed or our belongings gone thru every time we took a load down stairs.DO not rent from Public storage on sunset blvd!
