5	LOVE this place!!! I went in for a facial and Casey was amazing.The cutest boutique and she does everything from permanent make up to eyelash extensions. My boyfriend's mother found her after she needed eyelash extensions filled and did not want to drive all the way up to Scottsdale. She met with Casey and come to find out where she originally had her extensions done - did a horrible job and if she continued going her lashes would have fallen out! Casey was able to fix what the lady did wrong and take care of my boyfriend's mother, without charging her an insane price! Her prices are very reasonable and you get a lot more then you pay for. My skin feels hydrated and soft - I am excited to get more treatments done with Casey whenever I am in town.It also was very easy to book an appointment with her online at her site.
5	I have been to Casey over 4-5 times now and the most recent time I had a facial, collagne eye treatment as well as my nose pierced. My skin has never looked better not to mention if you get an hour facial; your hands, feet and neck get massaged!After debating on getting my nose pierced I finally had it done with Casey. It was super easy and hardly hurt - she had the perfect size gauge (not those large ones which I really did not want) and placed in perfect position. I have another appointment next Wednesday and looking forward to seeing Casey again!
5	I went to Casey for my first time to get eyelash extensions for my big brother's wedding. She had a yelp deal and her communication with me was great! I knew I found the right fit. I told myself I would only get them for the wedding, but now I am obsessed! I have been to Casey a total of 4 times now and my favorite part about her is that she has changed it up for me multiple times. I did not want anything dramatic until I was going to a trip to Vegas and for another wedding, and she was able to go as short and minimalist as I wanted. I love that I can tell her how dramatic I want and she gets it and offers a wide-variety of options.
4	I received a facial and did enjoy the experience.  The room is nice, clean, and comfortable.  I felt pampered and taken care of the entire time.  They offer more than just facials although that is all I received for my first visit.  Their prices are comparable to other places I have been.  I suggest everyone buy the Yelp deal and go try this place for yourself.
