4	Fabulous event extremely good cause! Volunteered to pour wine for the wine walk and met phenomenal people who party to support good causes at beautiful locations.  This was my 1st time at Lake Las Vegas and it definitely won't be my last...what an incredible place so beautiful!
2	Lake Las Vegas is absolutely gorgeous and has such a romantic atmosphere.  Wine Walk supported New Vista, a non-profit organization that supports and empowers disabled persons.That said, the wine to wine walker ratio was entirely uneven.  They provided a punch card where you could get a 1 oz sample of wine at each of the 20 stations.  Unfortunately, we had no idea where some of the stations were because there was no map provided and wine tables were not clearly marked (some of the tables were inside shops).  The only way we could guess there was a wine table present was by noting loooong lines. At one point, we stood in a line assuming there was a wine table at the end of it, but it was just a line for a food sample. Obviously, I don't mind free food, but I was sad there was no wine.The bf and I made it to 10 of the 20 wine stations but in order to do so we had to power walk and choose lines carefully.  We couldn't make it to the other 10 stations because they either ran out of wine by the time we made it around or we couldn't find them.The location and weather were perfect, the live music was charming, and it supported a wonderful organization, but wine walk itself fell flat for me.
5	The Lake was absolutely beautiful. It was the first time I'd ever been there and I spent a lot of my time there wondering why. It was awesome; the casinos and restaurants there made me feel like I was missing out on good food and good times.I can't think of a more romantic and fun event than attending the wine walk there and I was only volunteering (with the Yelp team nonetheless)! All the guests seemed to be very pleased with the experience and the weather was beautiful. The only downside I could have seen that affected guest experience would have been the long lines, and that the stations had started to run out of the sampling wines about 15 minutes until the event closure. Still a 5-star event because for $30 since guests were granted the possibility of tasting 30 wines and the money went to a good cause. GET HERE EARLIER!
4	Lake Las Vegas was the place to go Saturday night. the wine walk drew thousands to lake las vegas last Saturday. it was my first time doing a wine walk, and i really had a great time. now, i have an excuse to leave the hustle of the strip, and have a fun night, on the next wine walk at lake las vegas. most of the wine were pretty tasty, but im not an enthusiast, so i cant really make much comment on the wines, but i did enjoy some pinot grigio and chardonnay. the fact that each booth were only pouring 1oz wine, it prevents the crowd from being rowdy. it was in a whole a good, fun and trouble-free night. the even was sponsored by new vista which benefits disable persons. but not only does wine walk meant to raise money for the organization, it also shows the art work of the local artist we have in las vegas. that night, lake las vegas, became a centerpiece for art, with artist selling their masterpieces on the booths that lined up the cobble stoned path of the village. i didn't know, lake las vegas, could be that awesome. it has the potential to be a party central. now, i have more reasons to come down here for something like wine walk, or maybe the jazz festival late this year.
4	First foremost got too give props too my boy Roy E for winning the free tickets on yelp giveaway! Big Mahalo for hooking me up taking me along for the wine walk at Lake Las Vegas. I never been too Lake Las Vegas so I was  excited about not only checking out the property but also support great cause or any charity is great charity. Wine Walk its literally self explanatory waking around the shops/mall tasting different wines at twenty different stations. Some that were in stores but most part they were all set up outside. Unfortunately being my first Wine Walk learned trail by error few things that could have helped made the experience even better.I would recommend getting here ON TIME before it starts get your glass because later you come NO way that going too get all twenty stations in. They are going too run out of wine. Two stations went that were out and literally two stations got the last few drops. I understand its kind of confusing find each stations but most part just walk around most stations right next too one another. They did mention that could go on the internet shows you all the info. I know we live in the digital age but figure more clearer signs would be good idea. Make sure you eat before because unlike other win tasting events this one has no food. They do have couple restaurants options there none that had urge too check out. Really on whole Wine Walk is something that really enjoyed! I love the whole outdoor experience then say UNLVino or any other event. The weather was absolutely gorgeous! I know that hit or miss but thankfully it was out of the ballpark that night. The volunteers were all AMAZING! Everyone pouring with smiles and positive vibes all for great cause. Fellow yelpers that were holding down not just one but TWO pouring stations. GREAT JOB!! It be too long mention everyone but great talking stories with everyone! You know who you all are! Wish you all could have had one with me. Our own intern Molly. Your hard work always get noticed. But also U truly show everyone meaning of yelp lifestyle. Yelp Rocks!!!!
5	This was at The Village at Lake Las Vegas and it was to support New Vista. It was a well run event and the people seemed to be having a great time. I had the honor to be a volunteer at this event and will be in line for the next one. I highly recomment you attended the next Wine Walk or even better, volunteer. You will have a great time.
2	Do I need Indiana Jones to find the next wine table?Do I really need to use my phone to find basic information about the wine I'm sampling?Was the setup designed as a cruel prank by a child suffering from ADHD?All these questions and more I pondered while wine-tasting at this event.  The weather couldn't be beat!  The music provided great ambiance during the rounds.  The crowd was somewhat older, and more sophisticated.  The Yelp table stood out as a shining beacon of fun among other drab, lifeless tables.To sum up, we had fun, but I've been to better tastings.  Hopefully the organizers take note, and I am sure the next one will be spectacular.
2	I've previously been to Wine Walks at the District, but this was my first at Lake Las Vegas.  I was not impressed.  First of all, the will call line was ridiculous.  Next time, I won't get tickets in advance, I'll just pay the extra $5.  It would be worth it not to wait in line.  Second, the map to all of the stations was available by accessing a website on your phone.   My problem, and it was the problem of a couple of other people I spoke to, was that the network coverage at Lake Las Vegas leaves a lot to be desired.  So, with a 2G connection, it took forever to load.  We finally gave up and just followed the crowds, and there were a lot.  It was the most crowded wine walk I've been to.  After the long wait in the will call line, we got to 18 of the 20 locations.I'll say, the weather was great, and it was wonderful being outside.  Just a lack of planning and execution I guess on the event itself.  I do love Lake Las Vegas, and will probably do another wine walk, but temper my expectations.
2	way oversold, extremely long lines at every wine station, and many stations ran out of wine early in the night! Lake las vegas is a great location and the night was very beautiful. If i could do it over again, I would buy a few nice bottles of wine with the $60 i spent there and drink them with my date at lake las vegas, as there is no admission fee into the grounds. hope this helps
2	I've done a Wine Walk in Town Square about a couple years ago and had the time of my life.  So when I heard about this one in Lake Las Vegas, I had no hesitations to sign up. Lake Las Vegas is a short drive out of the city and the perfect place for a mini-vacay. It's quaint and romantic. Quiet and peaceful in contrary to the craziness of the strip. But besides the location, the Wine Walk was somewhat of a flop. - The walk was scheduled from 7 PM - 10 PM. They started to run out of wine at around 9 PM.  I paid to have 20 wine samples, not 10. - I really wish that they had a map of the wine stands available. Some of the stands were located inside stores and there was even one in he casino. There weren't any signs up, either. I thought I paid to have wine, not to go one a scavenger hunt. - Where were the descriptions of wines? There was a sign that listed a mobile web link for a description of wines. But with wine in one hand and my purse in the other, there was no way I would have been able to coherently scroll through my phone. - I think most people would concur that where there's alcohol, there should be food. At least options for food. There were plenty of places to eat around Lake Las Vegas, but they all stopped serving food around 10:30! We even had a room booked there, and they had told us room service stopped at 10:30. So by the end of the walk, my friends and I were hungry, cranky and thirsty for more wine. Just a bit of advice: if you're going to do the Wine Walk, stick with the Town Square location with the hopes they don't run out of wine and will adequate stock. Plus, the restaurants in Town Square doesn't close til late, so you'll be a-ok there.
3	My husband and I purchased the Living Social deal for the Wine Walk at Lake Las Vegas and decided to make a weekend out of it.  We rented a suite at the Aston MonteLago.  When we arrived at the check-in, the Living Social booth wasn't readily labeled, so it was a bit of confusion at first.  Once we received our punch cards and glasses, we were on our way.  I need to preface what I'm about to say with this statement: My husband and I are very versed in our wines, and we drink quite a bit of wine, so we know what we're talking about.  I felt that the selection here was sub-par.  I realize it was for charity, so I let it slide.  The volunteer staff was AMAZING and nice wherever we went.  My major complaint is that we didn't get to sample 5 of the wines because they ran out before we got to them.  The event started at 7, and we checked in at 7:15, so it wasn't like we were late.  I think a little more planning on the part of the organizers might be a good idea.  Overall, we had a good time, we were able to stumble back to our room at the MonteLago, and we enjoyed ourselves.
3	This wasn't the best wine walk I have been to.  I definitely have more cons than pros.CONS:- The stations were very hard to find sometimes (hello one that was out on a boat dock with no signs or labels!)- There was an imbalance in the selections.  Most were white or champagne.  I think I only had 3 reds the entire night.- They ran out of some of them a little more than half way through the night.- Soooo stingy on the pours.  I did not even get a full ounce tasting at some of them.  It was literally a splash.PROS:- Great weather- The Irish place had the Mayweather fight on for free!Hmmmm, come to think of it, my pros aren't even related to the event itself!  Oh well, it was a nice excuse to drive out to the Lake and the proceeds went to charity.
4	Lots of fun; totally worth 25 bucks! I totally drank my monies worth and enjoyed the the scenery and break from Vegas!
3	Lake Las Vegas is a secret little hideaway from the strip.  The wine walk was fun and relaxing.  This is definitely a must try if you see the groupon/living social deal floating around.
5	My boyfriend and I bought the $25 living social deal. It was a great date night at a beautiful location and followed by fireworks! We were given souvenir wine glasses and punch cards to take to the 20 wine stations. The samples were 1 ounce mostly white and sparkly wines. They also had a station with cheese and crackers! Overall, it was a great experience for the price! :)
5	Excellent event!  I highly recommend going and supporting New Vista.  Great organization with people that really care.  They are always looking for volunteers.  I've done it before and highly recommend giving them some of your time.  Unfortunately, you can't drink when you volunteer at the registration booth or as s pourer but they are so friendly and you met some fun people that attend the event.  The alcohol is usually donated so I didn't expect anything good, but I saw a few wines that I really liked and several that I haven't tried.  I was pleasantly surprised and very happy with the selection.  I think its a great way to try different wines.  Plus, they have sake, beer, and a variety of things to taste.   Always fun to try new things.  Plus, if you don't like it theres a bucket to pour it out.  The price for the ticket is so reasonable!  Great selection and a wonderful organization.  I highly recommend going to all of the events!  Check out the wine walk in town square as well.
