5	Mark and his mechanic are good honest people. They do AC repair and are a full service auto repair. I needed a couple engine mounts replaced and I was referred to them. They gave me a fair price and was done in a timely manner. I will return when I need something else done and will recommend them to my friends and coworkers.
5	This place is wonderful!  Mark and his mechanic were incredible in getting our Mazda's AC working again.  They are very honest, fairly priced, and have a full shop which is very clean.  I'll be bringing my car back here from now on!  Not only that, but I had left my water bottle behind on accident and Mark called us to let us know, then when we we arrived to get it, he brought it out to us!  I highly recommend this place to anyone!
5	I took my Nissan Xterra in for AC service yesterday.  Mark was extremely helpful, honest, and quick to diagnose the leak.  He replaced the hose, recharged and serviced the system and it's as good as new!  I would highly recommend Mark's place for people in the East Valley.  I will be going back to him for sure.
5	Honest and fast, very knowledgeable.
5	Great and honest service.  I will use again for any auto-air service needs!
5	First let me say this place is awesome. Very clean. Mark the owner is a funny guy. He makes you feel like he's been knowing you for years. Quick service. Honest. Prices were right for service. We got an oil change. We called around to places we saw on YELP and everybody was booked up. So we almost gave up. But we made one last call to this place. I was so happy. We asked him how much is  an oil change? Mark said $79.00 at first we was like daaang. Then we asked why that price? He told us what it entailed. Synthetic oil which last longer doesn't burn as quick, tire rotation, top off any fluids that are low, look the car over to make sure nothing else is wrong. We just knew he was going to come back with something like some mechanics.  But he assured us that if there is something wrong.  We don't have to feel pressured into having it fixed there...it was totally up to us. Thank goodness there wasn't anything wrong. We will definitely go back. And recommend this place to others.
5	Big fan of AZ Auto Air.  They will be my go-to auto A/C company from now on and the place to refer all my friends.  Mark (the owner) and his mechanic were great!  Very reasonable pricing and they went above and beyond with my needs.  They were also very friendly and personable.  From talking to the owner you can tell he is very honest and smart.  I wish many prosperous years to come for this shop.
5	My A/C motor stopped blowing so I found this place on yelp. Mark came out to look at it and was able to get it working without a repair (for now).  It's great to go somewhere where they are willing to help you out and not just automatically tell you they need to replace something. I'll definitely be going back and recommending them to anyone that needs a/c repair.
