4	Some of the best tacos al pastor I've ever had.  As good as any of the taco places in SoCal.  It's located in a sketchy part of town but there's a drive-through, so no problem.
4	Ok, so don't go here if you plan on being "dainty" or if you don't want your skirt to get dirty.  BUT, if you just want gooooood food and don't mind the blaring tex-mex polka music on the juke box....Taco's Mexico is the place.  Its AUTHENTIC Mexican food.  Say it with me people, AWWTHENTIC.  No, you won't get del taco or taco bell crap here.  There is a wide variety of meats to choose from.  Stick with the carnitas, carne asada, or al pastor.  But if you're adventurous, try the sesos, cabeza or lengua. To me, its YUCK (and I'm hispanic). The tacos are made on little round corn tortillas, with just meat, onions, cilantro and hot sauce.  Make sure you order plenty (4 at least) cuz they are small.  The burritos, however, are GINORMUS.  They pile on the meat, cheese, beans, rice, and salsa - or you can customize them any way you want..  HOLY CRAP.  Their menu has more on it than just tacos and burritos.  I recommend you try the sopes or the tortas (sandwiches).BONUS: this place is CHEAP.  And take a Spanish speaking buddy.  They will treat you better if you speak the language. - see TIP below.TIP: however, don't try to speak Spanish if you don't know how.  Believe me, they will respect you more if you're just a gringo with good taste in food.
4	10 tacos & 2 sodas for $14, uumm a total steal!  Delish cheapness is always a good thing when you want to spend your dime on the slots.  Yes the food is good however if you dine in make sure your not drinking to much because the neon lights are enough to give you the spins.-
4	was in Las vegas for the labor day weekend, arrived here really hungry. I was with 2 of my buddies and we all decided to go with the Nachos. These were probably the best nachos i've had in a while. Tortilla chips , with beans, Carne asada, Cheese, Tomato, & Guacamole . These nachos were enough for the three of us..we were so full after words..will definitely come here again. Its Cheap and will satisfy your needs..service is fast..and OPEN 24 Hours!!!
1	This is not the place to go for good Mexican food.For me, it was the first available place to throw something down my throat so I wouldn't rip someone's head off from starvin' like marvin' after a day of walking around in the sun. It is sustenance. It is food. I chewed, I swallowed, but I did not enjoy what I tasted.I had a chicken taco. The chicken was not grilled, only boiled & had zero flavor/seasoning. The bf & I shared carne asada nachos- we left 75% of it right on the plate- cheese was not melted, carne asada was bland & the chips were stale. Service was slow & every surface (counter, tables, floor) was grimey. I will not be returning. I don't advise people to eat fast food by any means, but I would have been happier had I just gone to the Burger King next door.I'd like to give them the benefit of the doubt & say we just caught them on a bad day, but we came here last year & it was just as awful.P.S.-the bf had 3 tacos & said the only good one was the carnitas; Carne asada & al pastor were flavorless & disappointing. 2 out of 3 bad meats--thats a terrible ratio & therefore 1 star.
4	This has been the only Tacos Mexico that I have ever been to since the one out in Montclair, CA in the I.E. shut down for some unknown reason.Every time I am in Las Vegas, I make at least one stop (usually late night) to this mecca of Mexican food goodness. The carne asada, al pastor, and carnitas tacos are always a favorite of mine. The amount of meat that they put on their tacos is always comparable to the size of the corn tortillas they serve them on.Another thing I typically get is the tostada with carne asada. Now here is a generous serving of meat. The way the refried beans mingle with the lettuce, meat, salsa, tomato, and cheese complete with the satisfying crunch of the tostada.. Mmm, Mmm!! It doesn't get any better than that!My drink of choice here has always been the jamaica. I've always liked hibiscus tea leaves and they do a very good job of it here. It's definitely worth stopping by here. In fact, it's one of the places I look forward to going every time I plan a Vegas trip.
4	I love mexican food. I love mexican food that's not in Canada.We are big fans of  trying different types of tacos wherever we go and this place had a fair selection. They were great. I tried the nacho's and they were tasty as well. I know it's a chain, but it's pretty good regardless. The food is priced reasonably well and their horchata is awesome as per the boyfriend.The only complaint I have were the characters that came in to eat.. I was getting scared there for a while. I shall say no more.
5	this place rocks.  Cheap tacos, Great taste.  The asada tacos were pretty damn good with the salsa on it.  It needs a little lemon but all together it was awesome!!!  The carnitas were even better.  Its hard to find good carnitas and this was really good.
5	After hitting on a man in a dress I realized that I had probably one too many to drink and need to sober up. So I ran from the Sahara to a little place that reminded me of home and grubbed out at Tacos Mexico. Thanks, guys. This place had fast service that hit the spot and allowed me to continue on back to my hotel.
5	Peace,Realest Mexican Food in Las Vegas, period.You pull in and the place has "sketch" written all over it.  No, really, someone carved out the word "sketch" on the side of the building.  But anyway, when you walk in you are greeted by a PacMan and Galaga Arcade game (which is awesome).  Then you are greeted in Spanish by the nice lady taking your order who always recommends you go with "El Burrito."  Do it.  Best Burrito I've had outside of southern California or Mexico.Two bad-ass 2 pound burritos and a drink: 11 bucks!  Add a quarter for a game of PacMan and for $11.25 total you get a monster deal.
5	Que ricooooooooooooooo! We picked up a couple of late-night burritos (after playing Galaga, of course) and were sooooooo happy. Sure the place was a little sketchy at 1 am but who cares - the burritos were delicious. They had the perfect blend of spice, rice, cheese, beans and meat! I don't care that they're a chain - the food's good!
5	By the time I found this place I was so sick of looking for a great authentic mexican food in Nevada. I was so SICK OF IT! But I walked in cause it said TACOS MEXICO so that's a big bold statement. I ate a carne asada, with a burrito and they tasted so good, just like california makes. I was so happy when I left. It's a funky looking places, but the food was goooood. Just wish it wasen't in such a odd location and the place was more cleaner. I will come again! Good for family that do not care, and only care for food flavor.
1	I went here and first off it looks like it belongs in Mexico.  The menu is unsatisfactory looking with no price for the food.  I ordered 3 burritos, one of which was bean and rice only.  $23 all together!  They said the bean and rice was $5!!  So we asked for a receipt and the totals did not add up to $23, the items were not what we had ordered and were crossed out in pencil with diff names etc.  I asked for a receipt that had the correct pricing and total so i can use it for a business write off and they got mad and told us to give the food back and they would return the money!! Fine!
1	Went here for a late dinner with the bfriend and his little nephew at 10pm (this place is open 24/7). We ordered 3 tacos al pastor, 1 quesodilla al pastor, 1 carne asade fries and 1 med horchata drink (free refill). The total came out to be $17ish.The tacos were slightly warm when it came out. But shouldn't it be hot? I didn't think my order was that long for the food to go warm/cold. The pastor (marinated steak) meat in the tacos was soft , mushy-like and shreddy (which i didnt like--i think the meat is probably old because if meat is marinated for a long time, the acid from the marination breaks down the connective tissue of the meat causing it to be mushy/shreddy). The carne asade fries had skinny fries with melted cheddar cheese, guacomole, onions, a little sour cream, and carne asade meat. It also came out slightly warm and since the cook was a little heavy on the cheese, I felt like i was eating cheese-fries instead of carne asade fries. My horchata tasted like its been watered down-- it was slightly sweet, but there wasn't a strong cinnamon taste in the drink.    My overall experience here wasn't memorable. I wouldn't come back. I think I would be more satisfied eating a Chalupa from Taco Bell!!!
3	If you looking for a great taco or burrito this is the place the food is good an the price is cheap, i always order the tripas tacos thats tripe yes i know but i like funky foods an they don't over cook or fry the hell out of it they sear it to perfection there meat to corn tortilla ratio is real good meat jus hangin out of the taco. This place is kinda sketchy an watch out for the drunks and the gangsters who frequent this venue
4	This is great homemade fast food, the portions are big and the price is right.Perfectly cooked shrimp ceviche in tall glasses with tomato salsa.  Perfect horchata with not too much cinnamon; its a rice drink not a candy heart.  Al pastor taco is nicely seasoned and I can top it up with my own salsa choice.Tough neighborhood crowd in the middle of the night but, everybody has to eat, right?
3	Solid and cheap/tacos start at $1.09, 24 hours, 3-4 fresh salsas at the condiment stand with fresh radish and lime. Everything I've ever had has been good, not killer, but pretty darn good. I usually get burritos, tacos, or the pozole. I love it when an ethnic restaurant attracts a lot of people from the country they represent...this place does just that. For about the same price point as Taco Bell or Del Taco, this is a winner.
5	After dining on the Strip for 2 days, hubby and I were dying for some real Mexican food and were happy to see TACOS MEXICO. We each ordered 3 tacos, beans, and rice with drinks and paid a little over $11 (yoo hoo! big deal in Vegas). The Al Pastor and Cabeza were my husband's favorites, very flavorful and juicy. The rice was also very good and the beans had a nice flavor. I loved their homemade salsas and did find them to be nice and spicy (I'm mexican, so I know spicy!). We asked for extra guacamole and they obliged. Quite yummy!We've already decided that when we go back to Vegas we're avoiding restaurants on the Strip and heading there for lunch and dinner since they have other options besides tacos (posole!) and the prices were outstanding.
5	After a day of sightseeing around the Strip, we wanted to eat something that was not a chain.  So when we spotted Tacos Mexico we immediately pulled into the lot.  There is nothing fancy about this place, but the food... oh dear lord the food.  Everything was delicious and spicy and super authentic.  Nothing was overpriced and the service was quick and friendly.  The only thing we found to be a tad bit lacking was the lack of sides with some of the meals, particularly the burrito and the torta.  But the flavors were outstanding and exactly what you should expect from a Mexican eatery.  Definitely hit this place up the next time you're in Vegas.
3	Quite good. Reasonable prices. Near Stratosphere.You couldn't perform any kind of surgery in this place.....it's kinda grimy (root word being grim).....so get take-out. No one's wearing latex gloves or anything. (Hmmm, operating-room-motif is emerging, but then again, most kitchens have become like operating rooms.)Tacos are a little over $1. (Tacos el Gordo take a hint!!!!  $2 is too much for a damn taco!!!!!)They have exotic meats like tongue and belly and head and others fleshy parts. Food is tasty no question.Would I go back? Unlikely.If I was tired and didn't want to travel too far? Probably.Would I admit that I even went there? Not likely.So forget you read this review.
3	Kinda ghetto on the outside... and inside... No vegetarian option
4	Had my first sopes here.  Where have you been all my life?  I love this place.
4	This place is the real deal for Tacos. The restaurant is a bit gritty, but I find most authentic taco places are. I randomly found this place on Mexican Independence day - let me say this place was a bumpin' party. Line was out the door, but pulled up first in line at the drive through and received prompt service.
3	GREEEEE-SEEEEEE, but tasty.  Skip the tacos and head straight for the tamales.Ole.
3	THE GOOD: 1.) CONVENIENT - Late night food alternative that is close enough to the strip. 2.) INEXPENSIVE - especially after burning money on gambling, partying, and overpriced club drinks! 3.) QUICK SERVICE - It's a freaking fast food chain...it better be.4.) MOSTLY TASTY GRUB - The tacos and burritos are pretty good. However, their Menudo really hits the spot....especially after a cold crazy night.THE BAD: 1.) FOOD SUPPLY - They often run out of certain food items.2.) FOOD QUALITY - There have been some menu items that was definitely a miss and not a hit (might just be bad preparation). 2.) INCONSISTENT SERVICE - Sometimes the service sucks.THEY FORGOT MY BURRITO!!! 3.) RUNDOWN VENUE - The restaurant is kinda cheesy: jacked up jukebox busting out the Mexican music, the old school tables/chairs, and the cleanliness of the front counter definitely doesn't win "positive" awards. 4.) SKETCHY AREA: There is a reason the place is caged up like minimum security prison. I've seen freaky things happen there - a guy beaten up and robbed right outside, the standard late-night fight between rowdy customers, and what looked to be an unfit teen mom with a half-naked baby that seemed to have horrible mouth sores (CALL CHILD SERVICES!!!)THE FINAL VERDICT: TACOS MEXICO...SURE WHY NOT!?!Cheap, semi-dirty Mexican food is definitely a good cure after a Vegas night of partying, drunkenness, and debauchery. If you're above and beyond the clean, pricey late night eats within the strip (side note: GET OFF YOUR FREAKING HIGH HORSE!!!), then head down to the ghetto cuz Tacos Mexico definitely fits the bill!
5	Delicious vegetarian burritos. And they are massive and the veggies are so fresh!
3	I've been here once before & dont remember what I had,  BUT what I did have came wt chips & I added some sauce that got it FIRED UP!! Big time!!...I remember THAT!! = FIYAAAA!!!Today I had them in my sights long range at 3pm'ish riding the day on only an omelet at 10am. I was hungry and ordered the Chicken Burrito and it did not fail....THIS is authentic Mexican so it wasnt full of rice, beans, cheese, sour cream or guacamole.The burrito at $5 was big and thick = soft ball size, full of moist chicken. It wasnt spicey & I had to add to it once I got it home. I reccomend this place BIG TIME!!
4	Delicious carne asada tacos. Packed with meat. Good salsa bar. Open 24 hours.Bad thing = restaurant feels a bit filthy..
1	this location sucksbad foodshady restaurantthis place is falling apart more and more everydaythe drive thru speaker has been broken for years so what does that tell youstay away
4	The best little taco stand in town. Everything that I have had is top notch. I love the little tacos. Authentic Mexican food cheap!
5	A lot of times when I'm in Vegas I'll gamble for long stretches without eating, so by the time I am ready to eat I'm usually;A) famishedand B) brokeWhen that happens, nothing fits the bill better than Tacos Mexico.  The tacos are great and not only that, but they're dirt cheap, typically ~$1.00-1.25 apiece, depending on what kind you get.  I'll stop there for breakfast (yes, breakfast - they're open 24/7) and have 6 or 8 tacos.   For about $10 I'm stuffed.One of the best things about Tacos Mexico is that you can get tacos made with a lot of exotic meats that you don't find at many places.  Instead of just the usual beef/chicken/fish tacos you can also get tripe, cabeza, intestine, tounge meat, etc.   They also make an awesome bowl of menudo (tripe soup) for ~$6.As many have noted, this place is kind of dumpy but who cares?  If I want to take my wife for a fancy meal then I'll go to a nice steakhouse or one of the fancy buffets, but when I'm by myself and just looking for some quick, cheap, tasty food, Tacos Mexico is my first choice in Vegas.
4	This place looks just as terrible on the inside as it does on the outside. It's not the cleanest or the most inviting and honestly, if I wasn't pushed by a coworker to go here on a Wednesday, I probably never would have given it a chance. However, you cannot beat 70 cent tacos. I ordered the tacos al pastor and they were wonderful. The meat was fresh and the fresh onions/cilantro that were placed on top of the taco were a delightful addition to the flavor of the meat. I also ordered a chicken Tamale. I am a sucker for tamales but I have yet to find a Mexican restaurant that makes them as good as the homemade ones I have bought from street vendors or the families who drop by our office during Christmas time to sell them. This tamale was pretty delicious and definitely one of the best I have had at a restaurant in Vegas. It was moist and flavorful. Grab one!Give this place a shot if you want cheap eats and aren't turned off by the shady neighborhood!
4	Reading about all these tacos my friends are eating reminded me of my own well kept secret taco joint!I'm so addicted to this place that it's not even funny. The four stars is because they don't speak English and they can be pretty abrupt and rude most days. OTHER THAN THAT, these are the best, most authentic tacos I've ever eaten. They make me so happy!Okay, to be very fair, I only get the carne asada tacos with onions, cilantro and green sauce. Mmmmmmm...green sauce. They are small, but pack a mighty Mexican punch! The meat is always tender, never chewy and they always, always use two corn tortillas so you have something to hold your filling in. Those one corn taco places ensure you'll end up with food in your lap every single time! Not here!I also love their beans and rice. The generous serving can be shared by two! I can get out of there with three tacos, beans and rice and a drink for about $5. Not bad, not bad. These are best eaten drunk or hungover. What? It's true! But, I happen to think all Mexican food is best that way. Then sober, next. Then every day. But you get the picture.This building will scare you, it's doesn't have a working speaker at the menu board so keep driving to the window. Also, CASH ONLY. If you have a few dollars in cash to spare, get over here fast! For location info: it's close to the Stratosphere, next to the Burger King. Just drive up and say 'Tacos, por favor' to eat the best you'll ever have!
1	FOOD POISONING!!!!i normally eat at my local tacos mexico in los angeles so i figured i would stop by this one when i saw it driving from downtown vegas to the strip.i ordered 1 each of pork and chicken tamales. BAD decision.i experienced food poisoning within 9 hrs. (symptomatic from both ends, if you know what i mean)if this place had an LA county food inspection rating. it probably be a C.Ambience??!! this place has wrought iron gating around the windows and double entrance! (that should have been my 1st clue to dine elsewhere)i do not recommend this place
2	Tacos are really good. Best I ever had. Inexpensive. Sketchy neighborhood but just be watchful. Place is a little run down with bars on the door but I'm not that picky as long as the food is worth it.Now for the staff.  The cashier lady tonight was so rude. Very unprofessional and unfriendly. She had a sour face, would not wait for us to finish our orders so she kept placing them incorrectly.  She did not only mess up our order but I overheard she messed up another customers order.  When the customer told one of the staff there, she went to tell the cook and she laughed about it and the cook had an angry face like it was a bother. It was just tacos, why is it such a bother to place them on different plates?!Fear asking for a refill:  So this place only has the soda machine  where you have to ask the cashier for a refill.  This is a pretty busy place so I timed it to where the line was short (one lady in front of me). I stood behind this lady for about 15 mins.  The lady was not placing an order but was chit chatting with the cashier about personal things.  The cashier could of easily stopped the convo very quick to see what I needed but instead she kept on ignoring the actual customer behind (I'm gonna assume) friend. I finally got my chance when her friend realized I was waiting. The cashier barely acknowledged me, did not stop chit chatting with her friend, took my cup without looking at me but correctly assumed what refill I wanted (lucky guess?). I've been here before and I know they charge 50 cents for refill but I guess the cashier didn't care cuz she just placed my drink on the counter and continued to ignore me. I quickly ran off and my friend could not believe how long that took.When we left the cashier had a stupid smile on her face directed at us. I just ignored her and walked out without saying anything with my friend behind me. Later, my friend told me the cashier and another girl that was cleaning the floor were laughing when we walked out and assume it was at us for some reason.This would get 5 stars if the staff was friendlier, it's a shame because the food makes it 5 stars.  It's not a high end restaurant by any means but a smile and politeness wins over customers who would write positive reviews to bring in more business. I hope the owner sees this review, not only losing customers but giving away free refills.
5	God bless this place. Bad ambiance, bad location, and unsavory people.lurking outside sometimes, but the food is the best I've had in LV. The signs are all in Spanish, but they have pictures and the cashier we worked with spoke good English. Definite dive but worth it.
4	Great Cheap Vegas Food- right behind the Stratosphere!! Go eat yummy dinner- soups- Posole- Caldo- Biria- tacos burritos nachos- all food was yummy!!!!!
3	Menu all in Mexican = authentic...or rather "autentico!"  Decent mexi, but cash only - so come prepared.  I wish I had a more thorough review, but since we went at 10AM on a Saturday morning, all I was tasting was last night's cocktails.  Thank God for carne asada.
5	Thumbs up! The best Ive ever tried in Vegas (in Mexican food)yummy, can't wait to go back to Vegas and try their food. Nothing fancy. But you feel like if you were at a real taco shop in Mexico. Love it!. The personnel was very friendly. Thank you! Oh and it was cheap! I've never paid that amount in Vegas for two entrees!!! Lol
1	Soo gross! I walked in here with my husband for tacos.  I ordered 2 of pastor, 2 lengua and 1 buche.  We ordered 2 drinks: 1 horchata and 1 tamarindo(these drinks are not from scratch but made from pre made powder).  The tacos were soo bad.  The tortilla was a little cold, and quickly got soggy.  The meat on the tacos was not hot at all.  It was kind of room temp.  The only taco that had warm meat was the buche taco but this taco was dripping in fat.  That's what made my tacos soggy.  Please don't come here to eat!!!  I went to the salsa bar to get some radishes to eat with the tacos but I was grossed out when I saw that some of these were brownish.  The establishment was very dirty, and is in need of remodeling.  I don't understand how this place has gotten the good reviews that it has.  Look at pics to see how dirty this place was.
5	The BEST taco shop around!!! Just get the tacos and you'll see. Carne asada street tacos are excellent. Also the shrimp ceviche is glorious... reminded me of being in Mexico.
1	How do you end an otherwise great evening at Sage with a celebrity followed by goth-o-rama by Morpheus Blak at the Artifice? You tell the driver to swing by Tacos Mexico for a quick bite since it's literally the only option on the path home.  Why the 1 star? Well, last I checked, chicken burritos are supposed to have COOKED chicken in them, not raw and pink fowl...or is it foul? Yes to both I proclaim!  I love playing the "let's act like a bulimic" game.  Gracias por nada, Tacos Mexico.
4	Can't drive by without thinking about stopping and getting tacos. Went there late for a quick bite with some friends and it's really good at nite for some reason. I like the carnitas and al pastor tacos. Very authentic mexican tacos you'd find in Mexico.
1	I hate to do this and I have held off on doing this for so long but I need to share when it comes to complete and utter dismay. It  has become that.This used to be my go to place but when I had to change to asada V/S pastor (pastor is my fav) I continued on and tried other dishes.  Because I loved this place they were my first in Vegas true mexican food place in town.  I use to savor the idea of this place, wait and withhold my diet to come to this place to splurge to have this place then I came to avoid this place.It started when I ordered a Pastor burrito and it had pineapple in it.  I didn't order a canadian pizza if I wanted pineapple I would have asked for it.  As I said I avoided it for awhile but on the way home from a movie we though what the heck it used to be good food give it another shot!  So the boyfriend got a Pastor and I just couldn't give my full confidence so I got the Asada.  We got home and they both sucked.  No longer the pineapple in the pastor but it was old and mushy the rice was barely rice it was mush, mine was mainly gristle I kept biting and chewing and spitting out, I finally gave up and went to bed hungry.  UghSo my favorite went to my least favorite, I wanted it to become my favorite again but, I will never go back it will now be least favorite...Good luck I won't be back, ever...
5	Love to come here each time I'm in Vegas. Their tortas de asada and sope are my favorite. Lots of meat always. Salsa verde on point. Perfect for midnight food runs. Plus : drive thru
3	Another late night hunger fix. I was out and about last night near downtown, so this place was on my way home. I ordered the taquitos with everything (lettuce, cheese, sour cream, guacamole, slice of tomato and rice and beans) The menu is basically in Spanish... so I guess I shouldn't' have been surprised when the women could not speak or understand any English.  It was touch and go interacting with her... I'm shocked I got what I ordered. Without asking they give you two extra small green sauce and two extra small red sauce containers. I'd rather they ask my preference and give me more of just one, but next time I'll just ask for extra. I ordered the taquitos with beef, but I heard her say "pollo" several times to the cook... so at least 3 times I confirmed that I ordered beef. On the 3rd time she finally got it and started screaming a bunch of things to the cook, the only one I understood being "carne asada" so keep an eye on her. The taquitos and toppings were really good. Easily some of the best I've had. Green sauce was great. The rice and beans were absolutely terrible. Inedible. I know I shouldn't be expecting much from rice and beans at drive thru late night taco stand, but this was seriously terrible. There's a $1 charge to use credit cards, so bring cash. My total price was under $10 including the extra charge.I would definitely return for the taquitos and/or to try the tacos next time I'm in the area.
4	This is only 1 of a few Mexican restaurants I've gone to in the Las Vegas area, but I'm sure I can accurately say this is one of the best Mexican places I've eaten at. Also, being from New York my Mexican options are limited so that may not be in my favor. Still, it is extremely good. The restaurant can seem a bit shady because the menu is in Spanish and all the employees don't speak English, but it was worth the effort. And It doesn't take a Spanish vocabulary to order the food. The food was served on plastic ware, nothing fancy, but for the price I didn't expect gold-plated dishes. The food was still really good; hot, fresh, authentic. The variety of food options was also impressive, but I would recommend the 3 taco special for around $6. Beware of the $1 charge for credit but totally worth it if you don't have the cash.
5	Best Tacos De Carne Asada I've had. The meat is so tender and easy to chew and chopped just the right size.
5	I was staying at the Stratosphere and saw this place. My friend wanted to stop in and see what they have. Glad we did. Cheap and very good Tacos really hit the spot. It was nice to see that the place was busy and pretty much everyone in there was speaking Spanish. I live on the East Coast so there is not much around me like this place. Enjoyed the food so much that I went back 3 times in a 3 day period.
1	This place used to be good. I came here last night and ordered the asada burrito and it was all fatty, chewy pieces! By the time I finished I had a pile of meat on my plate that I had to throw away! I was so disappointed. My boyfriend on the other hand had the carnitas burrito which was fine. Never coming here again!!
1	All the reviews must be from friends or family,  because the food is nasty, not a lot of flavor,  I will never stop here again. If you do not believe buy one and judge for yourself.
3	Tacos Mexico is home to the most average, albeit filling, burrito in the area. When you order, they ask if you want 'everything' on the 'rito. I said yes, but I'm still unsure of what everything is. There was no guac. No sour cream. No cheese. Nothing but rice, beans and al pastor. Weird.  For the low price of $5.70, you will leave full, and there's something to be said about that, but unsatisfied as well. My 'rito fell apart after first pickup and was dripping steaming hot 'rito runoff onto my wrist after each bite. Lame. It's 24/7, so come here if you have that late night craving. Otherwise, driving 5-min in any direction will yield you a better meal for your bellay.
4	When I'm in Las Vegas and craving some good Mexican food, I go to Tacos Mexico.  My brother who lives in Vegas turned me on to this place, and I just visited them this past Friday and Saturday.  On Friday I ordered the Carne Asada burrito with everything in it, and then on Saturday, the El Pastor burrito.  You definitely get your moneys worth.  The burritos are so big, I had to cut in in half.  I had half for breakfast and half for lunch.  Their salsa is also great.  The drive-thru takes a while, but it's worth it.  My boyfriend ordered the Chorizo breakfast plate, and that was also a good sized portion.
2	I have eaten her for lunch at 4 am every morning. ( I love Mexican food) they where good then I orderd a taco salad with chicken and it was undercooked. Got sick the next day. I gave it another chance I found some brillo pad shavings in my enchilada. So I had enought went to robertos. If you just like burritos and tacos it's perfect, if u want something more go somewhere else.
1	Just bad. Tortillas were dry. Beef was chewy and the chicken was dry. Just moved to the area and wanted to give them a chance.  Tried a variety of the tacos, nachos and a gordita.  The only thing memorable was the gordita and that was barely. Drive an extra 5 mins down Charleston and hit up los tacos or tacos tijuana instead. WAY better. Also the place needs a nice mopping. They also charge a buck to use card and its not cheap. I won't be back.
3	The tacos were a bit too greasy and were not as good in flavor as the taco stand down the street. The most disappointing part was the wait.  All I ordered was tacos but I waited so long I wanted to turn off my a car or leave.
2	Had the Carne asada tacos. The tortilla was dry, but the meat was ok. The place wasn't clean and there was flies inside. For me I wouldn't go back.
3	A little greasy for my liking.  And on the pricey side compared to similiar buys in Phoenix. But as far as late night grub (3:30 a.m.) it was decent.The staff was great, even though I couldn't understand a word they said (a mixture of the alcohol in my system, and the Spanglish that was spoken) and the salsa bar was great.  Couple of sauces in there blow my mind with how fresh and tasty they were.I'm glad I have an iron stomach. This was one of those "I might have made a bad decision" nights, but thankfully wasn't the case.
3	If it is real authentic mexican food? I think not, more likely real mexican fastfood. You really cant compare it with Mexican restaurant in Belgium or Holland. More a McDonalds style cheap Mexican rip off. Wel the food it self was not bad, but it was fast food. And the place itself had seen its best years,  Manu years ago. It Needs Some restauration. The prices are cheap, and they are open 24/7.
2	Not bad for a 24 hour joint, fast service but the food was only worth 2 stars at best... Definitely will NOT be coming back...!!! Dirty tables & floors...!
2	I have a love/hate relationship with Tacos Mexico. I know I could have way better tacos elsewhere but it's like a bad relationship, I keep on going back because I need tacos in my life. Prices have gone up, gone are the days when you could order a taco for $1.19, now a mediocre taco will cost you $1.69. This Tacos Mexico is located in a shady downtown neighborhood. I once had a bum stare at me while eating, it made for a very uncomfortable situation. The service here is just okay. It's a hit and miss. Today's cashier was extremely rude, she slammed the drive thru window as soon as the bag touched my hand, she was not friendly, she seemed miserable. On the plus, they finally got an English speaking cashier, thick accent, but that's a step towards the right direction. They only used to have non-english speaking cashiers. The food is okay, tacos are mediocre like I mentioned before. I've never ordered anything else here before. They do have a taco special, three tacos with beans/rice, and chips for $5 and some change. It's worth ordering if you're paying with cash, if you're paying with a debit/credit card then you'll be charged an additional dollar. The beans are the best here, they top them off with cheese, the meat is too dry and the rice has no flavor.  Drive thru needs to improve. Wait time is about 20 minutes and they have no prices listed on their drive through menu. They have no voice box and you have to order at the drive thru window. For the price I could definitely go somewhere else with far better service and food but they're just so close to work that I keep running back to them, uugh.
