1	This place is horrible!!! If you're the only client there they take their time. As soon as someone walks in they start to rush to get to the next client. The last time I was there, the lady was trying to push back my cuticles with an instrument that wasn't a cuticle pusher!! IT HURT
4	After reading the previous reviews, I felt I had to write.  I've been going to VIP Nails for the past 3 years and am always extremely happy with not only the service but the quality of work they do.   I've had my nails done at many salons though the years and always had problems with nails popping off or breaking.  Not here.  In fact, I don't have to get my nails done as often because they do so a good job.   I've also started to get regular pedicures and love them...my feet feel so pampered and I only do them monthly.
1	DO NOT COME HERE! Though I was sat right away, everything quickly went downhill from there. The person whose table I was assigned to was in the middle of eating fruit when I sat down. She spit her food into her hand, threw it away, wiped her hands on her jeans,then attempted to start working on my hands. I immediately asked her to please wash her hands since she just spat food into them! Why I didn't get up and leave at that point is beyond me! She then started to try and peel off my old gel polish with a cuticle trimmer, and in doing so, ripped half of my nail length off with the gel. When I asked her why she doesn't soak the gel off with acetone (like every other nail place in the free world) she argued that it takes too long; to which I rebutted "but it's better than ripping my nails away". She then soaked them off. In attempting to correct to nail whose length was ripped off, she ended up filing the shit out of it- until there was NO length at all. After taking the gel off the rest of my nails, she had the nerve to ask me what length I wanted. ?Seriously?!? I shot out the finger that had been filed down to the knub and told her "it seems as though you already decided that for me".  Her technique was shoddy at best.  At one point I was wondering how easy would it be for someone to forge the state-issued certificate that they're required to display.   The end result was a shitty gel manicure, raw cuticles on the verge of bleeding, and a lesson that I should have listened to my intuition and used the good sense God gave me to get up and walk out the minute she spat her food into her hand!
2	I'm giving this two stars because of the woman (she's not the one who did my nails) made polite conversation with me. The woman who did my nails though was awful. I felt like she was rushing. I got white tips and two of them were not on straight. I asked her to correct them, she eventually kind of did. As she proceeded to "correct" them  she tells me I have crooked fingers which is why the white tips weren't on straight. Even one of the devices touched my skin which kind of burned me. I pulled my hand back as a reaction to the burn and she did not even apologize. At the end of it all my fingers are sore from this woman handling my hands so harshly. Never again.
5	I started going here 7 years ago when they first opened because it was close.  I moved 4 years ago and still come here.  Why?  Because they are fast,  do a great job,  prices are low considering the quality of work they do and they treat their regulars well. The bad reviews are most likely from people who are just negative about everything in their life,  and expect something for nothing.  If they are busy then come back and wait. What reputable nail salon doesn't have a wait on a Saturday?  Go early then or come back when its not busy. A busy salon means its a good one.
1	manicure and gel overlay 30.00First time here, I was hesitant with the manicure procedure. She used a tool I've never seen before, like a miniature sickle. I was kinda scared. I didn't feel like it was completely sanitary and I was kinda surprised that my manicurist let out a big cough without covering her mouth, so it was pretty much right in my face :(, she covered her face after that though. At this point I was hoping for the best outcome with this whole experience.3 days later: one nail began to chip slightly. Almost a week now and 5 nails are chipped pretty well from normal everyday wear. I don't bite my nails or do anything rough with them at all. I don't even do dishes..lol. So, not too happy with my results after not even a full week. I liked my manicurist, but just not the service maybe it was the brand or quality of gel.
