5	I finally made it to the new Biltmore location of lululemon the other night... I'm a huge lulu fan, and I must say, I was extremely impressed!This store must be four times the size of the previous Old Town showroom, and not only do they carry a ton of amazing lulu merchandise, but the staff was super friendly and helpful (thanks Roslyn and Kate B) despite the fact that we walked in five minutes before the store was closing... Also, since the location of the store is in the Biltmore Fashion Park, they offer free classes every Sunday at 10:30am that are open to the public.  How cool is that?  I will have to go sometime for sure!  Oh, and extra bonus - I think this store is going to be starting a running group soon too!When I go into lulu stores, I feel like a kid in a candy store... there are all kinds of colorful merchandise from sports bras and tops to shorts, pants, dresses, yoga mats, headbands, and oh so much more.  I love it all!  I treated myself to one new shirt during this trip... I even went a bit crazy with the color - it's green!  (I'm usually all about solid whites and blacks).If you're not yet familiar with Lululemon, this store is worth a visit... but I will warn you - it's easy to get hooked!  I'll sign off with a few of the motivational quotes that are on the business cards and bags for this store:"Do one thing a day that scares you.""Friends are more important than money.""Practice yoga so you can remain active in physical sports as you age.""A daily hit of athletic induced endorphins gives you the power to make better decisions, helps you be at peace with yourself and offsets stress.""Dance, sing, floss, and travel."I love lululemon!
4	Although the stuff is pricey I LOVE lululemon. Its definitely stuff that you can wear even when you're not at the gym. I picked up a great jacket which is great for early AZ morning trips to the gym. And I won't feel bad putting it on after yoga! Perfect for the active girly girl, so fellas, stop in and get something for your lady. I think some of the stuff runs a bit small, but no surprise since its an upper end store for fit people:)
4	Im a true blue lulu :-) super friendly staff.. awesome storefront.. and of course, lulus rocks..
4	This place is a yogi and yogini's delight.  Similar to Lucy stores but has selections for men. Not cheap but the selection and quality are great.  If you're looking for workout clothes or equipment they've probably got it. The staff are super helpful and they offer interesting activities such as yoga classes or even hiking.  Have been to a few stores across the US and have never had a bad experience. So glad it finally made it's way here.
4	This is a great store and the service is spectacular. I purchased several workout/lounging outfits from them because the sales people were so great - thanks Heather! The quality and fit of the clothes is ideal for yoga, gym, or simply relaxing. They also do in-store tailoring for free. I will definitely go back again and again for new gear.
4	This store could get me into some trouble with my husband!  I'm definitely a workout-a-holic and have always felt that cute workout clothes will help you get out the door and in the gym lookin' good!  I checked out this Biltmore location, and upon entering I was in LOOVE!  Lots of great stuff in great colors.  I was definitely happy to see clothing not only for yoga, but for running as well.  Staff were helpful without being overbearing.  I was able to find some great crop pants and a zip up for to and from the gym.  Of course, the prices are outraaaaagous but I've found that my high quality work out clothing lasts a lot longer than anything from Target.  Plus, this work out wear will keep me looking great beyond the gym too!  Now, if only I could justify this to my husband......!
5	I have loved LuLu lemon even before it showcased in the US.  I first discovered LuLu Lemon on a trip to Canada many years ago.  I was so excited when their store opened at Biltmore!  I have been there many times & have been so pleased with the level of customer service and large selection of products!  I have never seen their clothes on sale & I was shocked to see so mammy items marked down!! I'll be back very soon! Great job!
5	You may be wondering why the heck someone from Vancouver, Canada, is doing here, when I live in the home of Lululemon?Hello, sales!!I was in Biltmore for more shopping this trip, and my eyes came across a Lululemon.  This is one of the brands that is cheaper up north so I don't usually buy any Lulu when I visit the US.  But the sale rack here is huge!  Perhaps it's because it's not as big of a part of the Phoenix lifestyle, but I was blown away at the colors/selection that were marked down.  Seriously, any size 10 or 12 girls should come here and you'd in heaven!  There was not as much selection in my size, but I happily walked away with a few things on sale.  Very friendly and helpful service.
5	Today was my first day in lulu lemon with my boyfriend picking out yoga pants for christmas. Lately I have heard nothing but rave reviews about the products so I went in. The store is very easy to navigate, the help is extremely friendly, and the clothes are phenomenal.I am not kidding when I say I put the yoga capris on and it felt like I was wearing nothing, they are light weight, easy to move in, and durable material. I normally would not under any circumstances pay money for clothes to sweat in, but lulu has all that is promised and more (my personal favorite was the Wunder Under) check it out, the Biltmore is pretty awesome as well!
5	So I finally checked it out over the weekend, great customer service. One of the associates took the time to tell me all about yoga and the classes that they have. Leaned something new, Not only are there yoga classes on Sundays in the park, but there are also other classes available Monday and Tuesday ( not Yoga ) I think it is amazing for them to do such a courtesy!  I've only tried yoga once in my life time, it was some kind of sweat box yoga, which I felt like I was dying!  I'm excited to check out yoga in the park!
3	Came in to check it out after hearing about Lululemon stuff for a while.I really love their products; they fill a great niche--athletic wear for yoga and training, but less outdoorsy than the stuff you'd find at REI or North Face.  Great shirts, hoodies, jackets, etc.  -- wish I could buy one of everything.Absoluately terrible service there.  Five sporty, pretentious girls stood around an otherwise empty store talking without asking me if I needed anything (I actually did), and then I was actually kind of ridiculed by the changing room attendant for coming back three times and trying on several things.  Strange.  Just ignore the staff and everything is fine.
5	Loved visiting the Biltmore location. Super friendly, helpful staff. They had free sunflowers for mothers day so that was super sweet.  Learned about the free yoga classes at the lawn every week so I'm excited for my next visit  and the yoga class!
5	I daydream about spandex. Lululemon spandex, in particular! I could not be more obsessed with their perfect gym/yoga/just hangin' out attire. It's everything that I look for: soft, well-made, move&grooveable, and above all their pants make your booty look like a million bucks! I have a few pairs of their crops, am a HUGE fan of their tanks, and have received more compliments on my ruffle dance jacket than probably any other piece of clothing that I own!The staff at this location is OUTSTANDING!!! The SQ staff is pretty fab, but could definitely use a few tips from these ladies ;) They always go above and beyond to help you find exactly what you need. Last time I stopped in one of the girls even tried a tank on for me so that I could see what it looked like off the hanger without messing up my hair! Ha! Amazing. Not to mention Lululemon hosts incredible events, like sunset poolside yoga at The W every Thursday in May! Literally can't live without Lulu.
5	Working at a dance studio I can almost get away with just wearing Lululemon everyday, all day. Their clothing is the highest quality. I've worn my Wunder Unders at least twice a week for 3 years now and they still look great. If you can afford it do it and if you can't afford it do it anyway, like me!
5	Most comfortable workout clothes that I have ever purchased. Customer service is great.
5	I adore the Lululemon Athletica Biltmore store and each of their lovely team members! It feels like "Cheers" when I walk into the store. Everyone knows my name! They are very knowledgeable about the clothing and seem genuinely enthusiastic when I find something I love. Their involvement in the local community brings about lots of fun activities that bond the community together and don't dig at your wallet. I feel like every dime I spend at Lulu is well worth it- not only because I'm purchasing a quality product, I'm supporting an ethically sound company, and contributing to a positive community movement. If you haven't found Lululemon Athletica yet, try it! You won't look back!
4	Quit taking all my money. Seriously.I have to budget now for these clothes, but wow are they worth it. Never have I been a brand-oriented person, and I really don't like paying retail price for anything. But for someone that practices yoga 6 days a week, these clothes are a must. They fit perfectly, don't bunch in weird places when you're upside down and (maybe least important but worth mentioning) they are super cute! Honestly the most sturdy, comfortable, built-for-women activewear out there.Believe me, I've waivered and gone through the "I'm just gonna get the cheap leggings at Target" argument with myself. But imposter versions fade and rip after 2 months; it ends up costing the same. If you don't practice that often, maybe you don't need the investment. But if you're a regular yogi, shop here.
5	The people who work at this location are great. Everyone is super friendly, very helpful, and just easy to talk with.Their free classes and activities are a great way to be active. Sunday yoga is awesome, and has grown tremendously since I started. Run club is a great way to get out there and start running, and everyone is very nice and motivating. And I've heard nothing but great things about the Crossfit class on Tuesdays.Pretty much, I love Lulu Biltmore.
5	I stayed away from lululemon for awhile because it seemed so trendy. Well then I started following the fitness trend myself and found out its really fun. Then I found out lulu is so popular because they have awesome clothes and find the best advocates for fitness out there. Not only is the staff at this location in great, inspiring shape, they are all so friendly! Really! I went to yoga on the lawn, which is free, and I try to make it to Run Club when I can because I enjoy it. Maybe I don't enjoy the actual running in the heat, like most sane people, but after I'm finished, I am so glad I went! Oh, and the clothes are amazing. So cute, and good quality.
4	I know it is ridiculous to spend $60 on a top for working out and $80-100 on pants for exercise.  That said, the products last quite some time, are well worth it and are designed with yoga and running workouts in mind.  My workouts range from Bodyrock with tons of jumping and lots of sweating to spin to yoga, so the workout gear from Lulu fits just fine.   The tanks don't chafe, the ones with built-in bras actually work really well, and the pants/capris are fabulous.  The bags I have purchased through Lulu seem to have been tested by women for a while before finally getting it right with numerous pockets, pouches, and helpfully designed features that make them perfect. I usually get my products from Lulu online but went into the store since I needed some capris before a trip the next day.  The capris were a huge hit. I live in Phoenix, and the studio capris were incredibly light weight and a now-everyday wear item.  The staff were all super friendly, although also a bit hovering and constantly asking if I needed a dressing room (better than no staff and having to wait for a room though!)  The store is well designed with easy access and easy to find sizes and helpful staff in every corner.  The stores sometimes have more colors and options than what is online.  I didn't see the sale rack, and I need to ask next time! This location offers the free yoga, running, and cross fit classes during the week.The cons: Lulu's final sale items are final sale and non-returnable. So, if you choose something from the final sale, try it on, check for shoddy stitching and anything else funky.  The return policy is really strict.  An item that was regular price can be returned within 14 days of the original purchase date. All tags must be still attached.  From what I read on some of the Lululemon fan blogs, the quality has gone down hill after the manufacturing started in other locations besides the original Canada location.  Also bright colors and dark colors have bled. I had a dark Ta Ta Tamer (love the bra!) bleed onto a bright green tank.  I also had a pop orange cool racerback bleed onto a towel when sweating it out at the gym. I did follow all the specific detailed laundry rules too!
1	I have been a loyal Lulu lemon customer until now! I have spent a lot of money in the Biltmore store. Recently I tried to return a sports that my boyfriend bought which  had the tag and receipt. Evidently! There is a 2 week return policy so god forbid they buy it for you 2 weeks before they give it to you and it doesn't fit cause you're screwed. I sent them an email explaining what happened and Cyndi sent me an email back that they are standing by their stupid policy and won't make it right.   Now I'm stuck with a 60.00 sports bra that doesn't fit. I don't understand their horrible concept of customer service. losing a customer over an exchange just doesn't make any sense. They obviously don't think long term. So Namaste to you LULU LEMON. YOU SUCK!!!
5	Love the quality of Lululemon and the commitment to fitness by giving free Yoga and Running clubs to public.
5	This is truly one of my favorite stores ever.I started with a headband. It's now my "lucky" headband, because the tag said so and because it actually stays on my head!! Then I had to get the outfit to match.Then a yoga mat- the Align mat, finally a mat that is long enough for my tall self!And I keep buying more headbands because just one is never enough...I have to shout out to everyone who works here too. Sometimes I pop in often for yoga or run club or clothes and sometimes I hibernate in the ac, but every time I come, one of you wonderful people say hello to me because you actually remember helping me find a race outfit, or from coming to the fantastic free classes. That's customer service. If only other stores followed suit!
2	Love the brand, dislike this location. The employees act like they work at Saks Fifth Ave with their uppity attitudes. Hey guys, you're all making minimum wage and selling clothing so let's get some customer service training! I suppose I didn't have enough Louis Vuitton on that day. No matter, I'll use my loaded gift card on several items on the website. The store associates referred me there when I asked about different size availability and didn't offer to call other locations or order what I wanted from the store. Lazy bratty kids
4	Super friendly service - even when you're looking for something they don't carry.I stopped in a few weeks to see if they had the spray you can use to clean your yoga mat. It turns out they don't carry it, but not only did they give me some other ideas on how to clean my mat, they called several studios and retail stores until we found it available at Whole Foods.Yes the clothes are pricey, but the men's clothes I have are well made and very comfortable.And lets not overlook the best element of all... Ladies, if you want your ass to look incredible, get yourself a pair of Lululemon yoga pants. You'll feel more confident, your special someone will appreciate it, and if you don't have a special someone these pants might help you get one.Seriously, I think there is some black magic that goes into the making of Lululemon yoga pants... but as a red-blooded American guy, I'm certainly not complaining!
5	I was very excited today when I walked into this lululemon and found WHITE pants. Apparently this is what they do in the Summer. I'm usually only looking for pants in the Winter, so I had never seen this before. YAY WHITE!This is the only lululemon I have ever been to that has its own restroom. The restroom was nice, and the sign on the door is hilarious, but the smell inside was seriously overpowering. I think an air freshener factory exploded inside. My lungs felt compromised. *cough*The staff were friendly and helpful and the store was very clean and tidy.
3	Love the pants and tanks and am willing to pay the money for this beautiful and feel-good clothing, BUT, I will not continue to pay exorbitant amounts of money when the staff acts pretentious and rude.  There's really no need.  It must stem from deeply rooted insecurities.  I'm betting that being behind the counter and serving successful people can get to you.  I do not think the CEO of the company would appreciate such bad attitudes souring her product and stores.  Managers, please do a better job screening your workers.  In fact, I remember hearing one worker (a pimply teenage boy) call the wonder under pants, "love handle & stomach pooch hiders."  Come on, is that what the woman who just put them on in front of you wants to hear?  Completely clueless!  I've seen poor reviews at Lulu lemon stores both here in Phx and in Calif and it's always due to the snobby, rude workers.  Something needs to change......SOON!
5	I had never purchased anything from lululemon until earlier this year, mainly due to the price. Yes, their items are pricey, in fact yesterday I spent $130 on a t-shirt ($54) and shorts ($68).My thinking had always been, I am only wearing workout clothes to work out in, so about an hour a day a few times a week, so why spend a lot of money on them. My work out clothes had always come from Old Navy or Target. But there is a difference between clothes from those stores and clothes from lululemon. I'm not knocking Target or Old Navy, I still shop at both stores, and on the same token, I don't exclusively shop at lululemon, I can't afford. I may sound weird, or elitist or whatever, but their clothes are worth the price. The way they fit, they way they look, the way they feel. It's just better.Additionally, their service is better. Can you go to a store like Target or Old Navy and ask for suggestions on what to shirts to wear to run in that won't chafe under your arms, or what shorts to do yoga in that you don't have to worry about mooning someone when you're in downward dog? Most likely not, but if you do it's probably more luck of the draw, rather than proper training.I've been to this store several times as well as various other locations and the staff is always extremely friendly and knowledgeable. My questions have always been responded to with answers and suggestions and never an "I don't know".Another big plus is that alot of their clothing is nice enough to wear outside the gym or yoga studio with jeans or slacks, without looking like you either just came from , or are about to go to work out.Definitely a lulu customer for life
4	Such great customer service at this Biltmore location!  It's like having a personal shopper.  Wonderful employees and super comfortable clothing, I use mine for running and feels great.  The jackets are so slimming and nice enough to wear at other times aside from working out.  Well worth the price tag!
4	I tried my first "FunFit" class last night!  Lulu hosts the class it right outside the store on the beautiful green lawn, Tuesday nights from 6:30pm - 7:30pm.  This is a great place to meet fun and enthusiastic people!  I only met beautiful souls last night, and I can't wait for next week! I am definitely hooked on Lululemon for life!!
2	Nice staff and great clothes but HORRIBLE return policy.  No returns after 14 days.  No exceptions.  I won't be buying there again.
1	Do people still shop here? The quality of clothes went dramatically down hill (remember the see through pants? Then the problem with pilling!) I don't think any of the employees that work here do yoga (other than the power yoga gym crap) so when you asking them for advice on how it would stand up in a real yoga (asana) class they can't even offer you advice!
1	Lululemon makes a high quality product but I only wish their staff represented the same level of quality. We have spent thousands at this particular store, and normally it's a good experience. The staff usually isn't very outgoing and cluster around chatting with eachother which isn't a huge deal since I prefer not to be bugged while I shop anyways. Where I do expect better service from staff is when I have a specific customer service issue. Tonight (12/20/13) we entered the store and explained to the sales clerk, Angela Russell, that we would like to exchange a pair of pants that was purchased as a gift but did not fit right. The waistband of the pants felt tight and different than some of the other pants in the same size. Since these pants were also a gift, we cleanly cut away the tag and kept it so that the price wasn't on display to the person we were giving it to (or those around them when they opened their gift). We had no intentions of needing to return these pants with the consistent fit that other lululemon product offers. We were told by Angela (who turns out to also be the STORE MANAGER) that she "could not" accept the pants because the tag was removed. Mind you, the pants were never worn other than trying them on, still had the original fold and creases, and were purchased just a few days prior. We explained that we understood this was their policy but were looking to do a exchange for greater value (we had additional clothes we wanted to buy) and that the tags were removed because it was a gift. Angela continued to talk to us and asked repetitive questions about our purchase, while always coming back to the same excuse that she could not take the pants back. I'm not sure who trained her as a Manager, but her way of dealing with our request was extremely poor. I began taking offense to the fact that she was standing there talking to us in front of other customers as if she was offering a solution, but rather was talking us around in circles perhaps waiting until we'd get tired and leave. I expect a store manager to either offer a compromise or solution to the customer or inform the customer of the strict return policy and leave it at that. There is no reason whatsoever to waste a customer's evening and belittle a customer for simply coming into a store and requesting an exchange. We have gone to this store (and many others in AZ and CA) and have even taken back worn yoga pants that we felt were a little too see-through when bending over in them with NO QUESTIONS ASKED. There is absolutely no reason that a pair of BRAND NEW loose-fitting men's pants couldn't be taken back and either defected out (we did complain the waist band felt awfully tight compared to others after all) or re-tagged and put back onto the shelf if they were deemed to not be defective. When I asked Angela for the name and number of her supervisor, she replied that she was THE Store Manager and the only point of contact above her was Lululemon's "Guest Education Center". I find it very hard to believe that there is no one overseeing Angela's performance as a Manager other than a corporate hotline. Either way, I'd love for someone at LuLulemon Corporate to contact me and tell me that this particular manager handled the situation to their standards. If so, the future isn't looking so bright for lululemon regardless of how great their products are. At the end of the day, one employee that you PAY to MANAGE and provide CUSTOMER SERVICE, ruined your brand for a pair of loyal customers that have already spent several thousand dollars and had no reason not to spend thousands more... until tonight.UPDATE (12/21/13) - Brought the pair of pants to the store at Fashion Square Mall and was able to exchange the pants for a jacket with no questions asked! I was in and out in 5 minutes despite the store being completely packed with Holiday shoppers. In less time than my experience above, I was able to leave satisfied and I spent an additional $50. My advice to shoppers that want to purchase lululemon product...head over to one of their other locations, particularly if you need to be helped in any way. My advice to Angela Russell (Store Manager of the Biltmore location)....see if your company offers a Management Education Center and take a few courses in Customer Service.
3	Of course I love the clothes ... but how can I avoid the mean associates that work here?  I wish I could try one clothes and purchase them without interacting with them. Ha!
2	First, the selection is very poor at this store, even with the normal shortages and limited quantities, this store is the worst of the ones in the Phoenix area.  I am obsessed with their clothes and go weekly to a LL store, but the ladies that work the registers at the Biltmore store were totally uncool about an exchange (with tags, new item, and I was buying lots of stuff), and the Scottsdale store did it no problem.  They were actually wrong about the number of days to do returns and gave me incorrect information!  Even though the Biltmore location is the closest to me, I will do all my shopping at the LuluLemon at Fashion Square and Scottsdale Quarter from now on.
3	Friendly staff and a large selection of items to choose from. It's a bit pricey however you usually get what you pay for. Well, I paid over $80 for a pair of yoga pants that ended up being see through. I thought that whole error had been corrected but I guess not. Won't be back any time soon.
3	Nice clothes and service, high pricesIf I could get my head around paying $60 to $130 for each shirt and pant, I'd rate this place four stars.  For me, the value scenario drops way down when I can buy three to four sets of name-brand workout clothes for the same price as one Lululemon set.Still, I really liked a polo on the rack and bought it.  Fabric feels great and the service ladies were exceptionally nice.  Funny thing is that while it's technically "workout wear", I'll likely avoid wearing the shirt to work out in.  At $80+ I'm even going to move around slowly so as not to sweat in it.  And I'll hand wash it gently. With Evian water.  And a brush made from virgin wool from a holy sheep.
5	Even during the holiday rush, the staff is more than willing to help you with your selection. Keep your tags- you can only return with a gift receipt and the tags still on!
