2	Parking can be an issue at certain times. Although there are two lots, they are sometimes full and you may need to park elsewhere and walk. There is no place to temporarily park to check in. No closets in the rooms but a shelf with hangers exposed. This is ok and gets the job done. Rooms are cheaply remodeled but clean. I had to request an iron/ironing board and a hairdryer which they provided. No ice machines except at the bar in the main lobby. No refrigerators in the rooms. There is a gym with mirrors and flat panel TVs, but just 3 cardio machines. The free WiFi did not work while i was there. It has a small casino with 4 black-jack tables and slots. There is a cafe with decent food and service. I was there in winter so I didn't try the pool.This is a cool little hotel if you are expecting the most basic standards. This hotel is just north of Fremont street downtown Vegas. It is not a place you want to take a leisurely stroll in. There are lots of indigent folks roaming around this part of town. I do not recommend this hotel for a family outing. Business travelers and people on a strict budget may find it adequate and worth a few sacrifices to save a lot of money.
5	We came here the other morning for breakfast after being at the club all night.  The food was great!  I ordered their chicken and waffles and whatever they used as batter on the chicken was the bomb!  The prices are very reasonable as well.  Definitely going back again!
3	After my first yelp event this past Tuesday, my boyfriend met up with me after to continue the fun night! After some drinking, we checked our hotel tonight app and decided to go with this place for $39 since I remembered Nate saying they were having their grand opening the next day. So let's start with the good! It's newly remodeled so the room was super clean and modernly decorated. I loved this piece of furniture that rotated. One side is a body length mirror and when you spin it to the other side, it's a small storage space!  Super cool! With saying that though, it's a super small room. It does the job of providing a nice and clean area to sleep and clean up but I would definitely not recommend for families that have younger kids that wanna run around.Onto the eh. The ac unit is ridiculously loud! It sounds like a lawn mower next to your ear! Sheesh!  Definitely recommend earplugs. Next, the parking lot is ridiculously small and shares it with the Gold Spike so it will be hard to get parking. When we went, they just paved the lot so it was closed. We parked at meters because we thought it was free 8pm-8am but I didn't know they did street cleaning from 3-5:30am. Soo we both got tickets. Therefore, if there's no spaces in the lot I have no idea where you'll park. And I imagine that's an even bigger inconvenience when you have to drag luggage along. Another thing, their resort fee is $20, which is along the lines of resorts on the strip except that you definitely don't get the same extravagance as the amenities on the strip. Overall though, they have bargaining power if you like the Gold Spike and downtown drinking nights in general, which I do. Therefore 3 stars because I know I'll be back due to those previously mentioned and because it is newly renovated and was very clean!
2	I was able to get a free room here with the Hotels Tonight app. The check-in and check-out process was very easy. For the most part the staff are friendly and helpful. My room was clean and I had plenty of amenities available. The only complaints I have are that I wanted a chair sent up to my room so my friend could sit down since there was only one chair available. They explained that the decor in the room was specifically custom made for that room and there weren't any extra chairs available. I thought that was kind of strange, but whatever.Even though the rooms have been vastly remodeled for a chic boutique hotel look, the walls are very thin and you can easily hear your neighbors and people partying outside. Keep that in mind if you decide to book a room here. Also, my friend did have a parking pass displayed on his car and they still gave him a parking violation anyway. When they scraped the sticker off his windshield it left a mark. Those are huge things the hotel staff needs to be aware of.This is a nice little hotel for someone on a budget, but if these things can be fixed it would be greatly appreciated. Thank you! :-)
5	I live at the Las Vegas Country Club and after working an 8 hour shift at Aria my roommate neglected to put my key under the mat. Needless to say it was a shitty night. Checked in at 4 am woke up to the front desk agent Paul and was delighted at his professionalism and his ability to listen and accommodate my particular situation. He made my entire stay and the wood floors and decor were heavenly. I felt like I was in an urban New York loft and the Christmas tree was something to be seen. Martha Stewart meets Kate Spade status. Would recommend this place to friends, the only suggestion would be phone in the room with simple user friendly buttons and an in room room service menu.
2	As I work remotely from home, there's a blurred line even between staycation and offsite working. So when I first heard about Oasis at Gold Spike, I was like, sure, why not?OGS is the first hotel business acquired and operated by the Downtown Project. And like anything from DTP, concept was great but the execution was poor.Even though we stayed in a premier room, there was no desk to put a laptop - I mean, seriously? No business friendly at all. Having a free wifi was almost pointless. I had to resort to the bar area which had nice couches but it got loud there in the evening.Plus, the bed... the mattress too thick that I had to literally "jump" to sit on it. Totally unpleasant... Interior was brand new and clean as the property was just renovated, but the overall experience here was bad.I was kinda amazed by the insensibility of the designer / architect, you can miss a thing or two, but this many? I wouldn't be surprised if the building didn't meet the basic construction code.
5	Let me just say I was totally shocked by this hotel I really thought it was a piece of well u know and it's not I found it on hotel tonight and thought let me book it I had just checked out of the flamingo hotel and my mom needed to rest so I booked it boy let me tell you it's actually a really nice hotel the suite aren't that expensive and they are so peaceful and nice and big might I add if you can't afford that no. Need to worry the regular rooms are PREETY dame good looking none  of the rooms are the same they all have different furniture and colors I think this is a great feature the staff is nice the only down fall about this hotel is the parking lot isn't that big so u have to get parking while you can and the room had no telephone in it however most people shouldn't drive because u drink in Vegas and what the hell u need a room phone for anyway? One more down fall is the walls are very thin so u can hear things but again the hotel is very nice they have fire places outside and a club so over all of give it a 10+ the rooms and the other amenities make up for some of the Inconvience and the prices are fair and free mint has a lot o things to offer suck as gift shops liquor ant really good prices so I would recommend it 100%ive been in the private suite for 3 days and it's nice happy hunting
2	Got a room on New Years Eve after partying in DTLV,  the room was exactly what we needed, bed, clean bathroom, heater,  comforters and toiletries. My biggest complaint are that the rooms are so close together you can hear your neighbors slamming the door each time they left/ came back in.   I'll still give this place a chance since it was new years and everyone was partying but our neighbors were literally partying until 8am, so as drunk as we were,  we did not get any sleep.   You can hear every conversation clearly as they walk by your room, or if you have a room near a staircase you'll be able to hear every thought/ secret/ guy try to hookup with girl taking place on the staircase.   Besides that the room was nice and would've been perfect if we were able to get sleep. Will still give oasis a try maybe when weather gets warmer, their pool looks pretty cute and a nice place to chill out.
4	After staying at the Four Queens, my travel companion and I were ready for something a little more deluxe. This is 100% not me dissing the Queens because it's a solid option and I'll most likely be staying there next time I'm in town. We were shown several rooms, and decided to book the Ultimate crash pad. The room was big, had a huge shower, and a very comfortable bed.Downsides? The $20 resort fee. I wouldn't have felt so weird about it if it were summer and I was enjoying the courtyard pool. The chemicals used to clean are so strong that they irritated my throat to the point of pain. I spoke with an employee about the situation and she said she would forward the issue to management. I hope she did.I would give the Oasis another try in the summer- I bet their pool scene is pretty vibrant.Be sure to check hoteltonight for the best price! Saved quite a bit of money that way (which all went back into the resort fee lol)
2	Maybe this hotel was just not the right choice for our film crew to stay at after a long day of shooting but having to walk through a night club to get to our hotel room was not even slightly amusing. The front desk person just casually pointed "that way" which seemed to say to go back outside & though the night club but when the security guards didn't know what we were talking about it also seemed ludicrous to us. Finally up in the room, it's fine, nothing special... Except for the club music vibrating & pulsating all the way up to the 5th floor. Oh but I forgot that at least the front desk person offered earplugs since the music goes til 4am. Good luck sleeping here... But that's probably not what you came to Vegas for.
1	1. Took forever to check in2. The room wasn't actually in the cool retro courtyard, but was above a loud nightclub3. Entrance to our room was through sets of bouncers who wouldn't let us in. Then we finally convinced them there was a hotel above the club (we thought). We wandered in a rowdy, skanky club and found the elevator. 4. Key didn't work at first. No phones in room to call down to front desk. Oh yeah, no tv's5. Charged a resort fee of $22 on top of Expedia. Fine print shadiness. When asked what resort fee included, they said "wifi and parking". So clearly every Super 8 motel is a resort as well. Good to know. 6. Club that was inside/outside, right out our window, blasted trance music until 4am. Earplugs didn't help since it thumps the entire building.  7. 2-bed room was actually just a hostel-style bunkbed. No true double bed rooms. Honestly, this was probably the worst hotel experience of my life (except maybe a youth hostel in Budapest)If they want to run a club until 4am and make money that way, fine, but don't try to double-dip and rent rooms directly above it. Shady bullcrap. We booked 5 rooms and had 6 people staying. On the ride home, we all joked about it being the worst hotel experience ever. So there you go. Oasis, you blow.
