4	I went on 8/25/10. Nice atmosphere and my therapist, Patrice, was very good. I like pressure and she provided it. First visit, but I will most likely visit again.
4	Had a GREAT massage here recently. They are doing a holiday special massage which is 90 minutes and includes Vanilla Cookie aromatherapy, a foot scrub, hot stones, and cool face stones - I think it is for $99. If it is your first time or if you belong to the massage club I believe there is a significant discount from that rate. It was phenomenal! I unfortunately cannot remember the name of my therapist but she was a very nice woman probably late 40s - 50s and worked magic - so relaxing!
4	I recently pulled a shoulder muscle and decided the best course of action would be a massage. Called around to a few places in my neighborhood and after speaking with the massage heights staff I decided to give them a shot. Got an appointment for 30 minutes after the call. The atmosphere was very pleasant and welcoming and the staff was very nice. My therapist was named Julie and she was excellent I highly recommend her to anyone who is looking for pain relief.
5	I truly enjoyed my massage here so much.. You walk in and it smells so delicious and the music just makes you completely mellow. The therapist really concentrated on my personal needs. I totally LOVED their sheets. I get massages often and never have I felt sheets like this before. I had a 90 minute message with a coco-mojito foot scrub. It seemed like the time just flew. The therapist was so smooth and gently  but put deep pressure where I needed it.. I am a out of towner but when in town I will defintely be back...
5	I had the best massage today. The person that was my massage therapist has MAGIC hands. I've already booked another massage the week after next with the same therapist! I am looking forward to coming back. I've found a gem :-)
1	Worst massage Ive ever had. I went in yesterday and paid 60$ what a waste. I told the lady light and less presure please. I was like she wasnt listening. Like she didnt know what the difference between light, firm and deep was. I went in yesterday because I just wanted a nice relaxed swedish massage. I was in so much pain. At times I just wanted to just get up and leave but i didnt want to hurt her feelings. I do not recommend to anyone. At one point when I was face down she was pushing it so hard that i felt the end of the bed was choking me thats crazieeee!!!!. I will never go back there again. Im so sore today. Like you know when you go work out for 4-5 hours and the next day you feel horrible well thats exactly how I feel.
5	LEILANI YOU ROCK!! Came in with shoulder pain and a headache, left walking on clouds....
1	I was signed up for a year membership and during that year there was one good massage therapist and she left to work somewhere else.  After that I tried new therapists each month and after trying 7 different therapists I realized that it wasnt going to get better.  Two of the therapists were right out of school and they told me that.  I felt bad for them and didnt want to complain but the massages were bad.  Then I decided to cancel after and it turns out that you only have one month to use any extra massages you paid for which is tricky.  They also make it complicated to quit.  I had to speak to manager who wasnt there and then get some form emailed to me and fax it back and follow up to make sure it went through.  During my membership there I recall many times customers were really unhappy with the details of their membership and I would watch them argue with the staff.  Due to bad quality massage therapists and tricky contracts and bad management personel I wouldnt definately try somewhere else.  Good thing it is a competitive market and there are other places that will like to earn your business.
4	I see the the guy holding the sign for a $39 Introductory 1-Hour massage on my way home from work almost every day. I had yesterday off and decided what the heck, Ill give it a try. I am so glad I did... The massage had me so relaxed that I was drooling and snoring on the table. The place does work on memberships so they will try to sell you on that after your massage, but the basic package is $50 a month and includes a massage so its not all that expensive ($39 is the rate for every massage after the included- $80 for non members) I am going to bring my Fiancee back when she gets home as we may be signing up... PS Props to Amy... she is the one that gave me my massage and did a great job. I will request her again next time!
4	This is my favorite massage place! I love deep tissue and this place knows how to deliver! I've found a few talented masseurs here and I'm so glad their schedules allow me to make weekly visits. I used to belong to another massage place and I had to book at least 2 weeks in advance to go to anyone! Massage Heights is always clean, the linens are beautiful and luxurious, and the ambiance is soothing and relaxing as soon as you walk in to the reception area. The front desk always has kind and friendly people. For the 3 years I have been going here, I could not be happier with their service.
3	I have been a member for  2years. It's a nice clean place with good massage therapists & bad therapists, like anywhere else. I have found my therapists, i need a heavy hand & deep tissue doesn't cut it for me.  the only downfall is the paper thin walls & the badly trained support staff. At least they got rid of the perfume aka aromatherapy that they used to have outside in the waiting area. After many months of having coughing fits from they cloying smell they finally took that away!! The price is the same as the other 2 competitors down the street.
4	This is a membership based massage center.  I went in to take advantage of a discounted 1.5 hour massage.  It was phenomenal!  A legit massage center with professional masseurs who know what they're doing and they really get in deep to untie your knots. I didn't become a member...yet.
2	Just got a massage with Heather. I feel so bad saying this but she was not good at all. I am leaving more stressed and pretty much feel like i didnt get a massage. This was a bday present to myself and it sucked. Everyone was super nice and she was also, maybe it was just an off day but it was really off. Im very sad about it.
4	Monthly membership is so worth it!!  I'm in the process of trying all the therapists to see who I like.  And if you don't use your month, it rolls over and you can use it later or add it onto an existing appointment.  Love the service and everyone there is helpful!  My favorite therapist is Jocelyn!
1	I feel horrible having to write such a bad review. I am a new member with this company. My first experince started of great. I was searching for a massage place to try out and become a frequent customer or member. I searched multiple places and thats how i came across massage heights. They were one of two massage places accredited by the B.B.B.  I decided to give it a try.I called set up an appointment for a massage. The pricing seemed fair $50 for your first time (1hour massage) The massage was great. I left feeling healed, relaxed, and sore(sore in a good way). Before leaving I was introduced to their membership package. I was hesitant to sign up because the membership locks you in for a year, but I did want to return on a frequent bases. My choices were to sign for a membership or everytime i visit pay an additional non member fee. I chose the membership.Befor i continue I will say that the rating is not based of the quality of their massages but of the company, its services and policies, and being a customer, to forward warn future customers thinking of becoming a member (really know and understand what you are signing).After my massage and signing up as a member ($60 a month) It has taken me a while to return do to a busy schedule. I now have (or HAD) two 1hour sessions going on three. So yesterday I gave them a call and set up a appointment for this morning at 9am. I woke up, headed out and started walking to my appointment only to find out that it was pouring raining outside(just my luck. lol and I got soaked) I had to turn around. I immediatly gave them a call and left a message and called again at 9am trying to reach someone. They called me back asked if i was coming in still, I informed them about the message and what had happened. The lady said sorry but we have to take your session away still. I was livid but stayed calm trying to work something out. (When she told me that all I heard was sorry we arent giving you your 1hour massage but thanks for the $60) She was unwilling to work anything out with me, i felt like the employee and her the customer. I feel bad because I just hung up in her face to calm myself(unlike me) I did some more searching and reading of reviews and scimming my membership policy again before calling back. The membership issue seems to be a common deal with this place so be careful in doing so. Make sure that for 1year you will not have an emergency come up or something happen to were you can not make your appointment or you can kiss your hard earned money good bye!I called back spoke with Jeana, she might of even been the first lady i spoke with. I asked if there was anyway to contact the owner or have her contact me. She said no, didnt ask me any questions of it so I left it at that.This is a great place for a one time massage, but do not fall into the membership its not worth it. There are 100's of other massage places in the city just as great, or even better not to put up with what im going through.I am now stuck and so far unhappy with this place, with no options to leave and go else where.Im in it for a year, if the polices become better i will be the first to inform you all. Have a great day, my fellow yelpers!
2	I received one of their introductory 1 hour Swedish massage for a steal of $49.99 + gratuity. The place was very clean and modern. Initially they ask you to fill out some paperwork and also opt out of areas of your body you find off limits. The therapist was calming and pleasant. The space was clean with dim lights, warm clean sheets, and soothing music. I also had the option of lavender or eucalyptus aromatherapy which was complimentary. I opted for eucalyptus which consisted of just three sprays into my nose. I didn't smell it in the pillow or anywhere else. The music was soothing, but I wish they offered a choice...sure the new age hippy crap music is all the rage, but personally I'd have preferred the sound of the ocean or something to the effect. Not Yanni.The therapist was not that great at all. She identified some areas (my neck and shoulders) that needed major work, but she didn't apply nearly enough pressure to do anything. I felt like she just kind of rushed through everything. She did attempt to get a knot from under my right shoulder blade which felt like this just got real and I am really in Hostel 4. It felt like torture. There are better techniques for getting knots out, just sayin'. You get what you pay for, for sure! At the front they try to upsell on you pretty aggressively on their monthly membership, but considering my underwhelming experience I shot that down real quick. I did not feel any benefit from that massage at all. I might have just gotten unlucky with the masseuse I was assigned.
4	I enjoy going to get a massage. I have been with the same therapist for over a year so really always have a great experience.   The price is great even when you upgrade to a 90 minute. I do skip the elevations as they really don't appeal to me. I.e hot stones, scents. My 4 stars is really about the front desk people. Sometimes you get a reminder call sometimes you don't.  There are several times where they like their conversation better than helping me set up my next appointment or even paying.My tip to everyone, find a a therapist you like and stick with them.  If you jump for person to person you will never get a satisfying experience out of here.  Book in advance and enjoy your treat time.
4	Love my massage therapist and intend to go only to her. Front desk is like going to McDonalds, unprofessional and conversations are those that clients should not hear. I am giving 4 stars because the therapist is SO good and I feel like she is someone I would go to no matter the price.
1	This place is bad! The masseuse do not listen. I have "enhancements" to my massage and they forget to do them! I complain and the managers don't care. They get you into a contract and they know you can't quit. I hate coming here.
4	My visits here have become something I look forward to, greatly. It's very basic, get your hour, go on your way. I go to Joseph, who is great and attentive. There was confusion in my first month, and it felt like the manager was insisting that I was wrong when I explained that the associate who signed me up for the membership did not explain how the 49.99 a month worked. Basically, getting a massage anytime before the automatic withdrawal happens cost 39.99, but cannot be applied to your automatic withdrawal.  You will still be charged your membership price. At which point I exclaimed it was deceptive and b*******. So it was very nice that Terry (the manager) reversed the 49.99 charge, and the following month I came at my scheduled time. The people up front are friendly and fun to talk to. I probably will renew my membership when it is time to do so.
5	Val is basically a life saver. I am just visiting and had a problem and needed some help feeling better. She asked good questions, was respectful and talked to me during some tough deep tissue to make sure I was ok. She rocks! Thank u!!
3	Decent Massage Place.  I've had 7+ massage from here.  I'm a member because my work will compensate me for massages.I really like the private rooms and heated massage table.  I wish the music was loader and something other than Native American wind instruments.  Some Spanish Guitar would be awesomely relaxing.  Most of the time you'll get a good to great massage.  The best "elevation" is the hot stone treatment.  The foot scrub is just them rubbing salt scrub on your foot for about three minutes.  The face massage only last about two minutes.The staff is super nice and friendly.  They do make you feel like they want your business.  The waiting room is a bit small but comfortable.
5	Here to have a massage with Rich by far the best massage therapist I've ever had here.  Wow amazing as usual.
4	Have been a member of Massage Heights for years. I dont use a specific therapist but everytime I go I always get a good massage. Always friendly staff and prices you can't beat. Would recommend!
4	Good value for the price of the introductory offer since it is a Monthly Program similar to Massage Envy. First massage is $49. Got the Hot Stone Massage for the first time, I went ahead and joined the program to receive the monthly hot stone massage. It was very good.
