3	The Earnhardt Jeep service department is really hit-or-miss. When they're on, they're on. When they're off, though, watch out. I took my Jeep in to have the engine mounts replaced once and got it back with the bolts barely even started (nowhere near actually tightened to spec). On other repairs, they've found simple fixes and saved me hundreds of dollars.Probably the biggest issue is that the quality of your service depends largely on your service advisor. Some are a pleasure to work with and some are the biggest, most worthless slackers in the universe. And in the Earnhardt's model of service departments, specific techs work with a specific service advisor, meaning your real task is to find the proper combination of good service advisor and his or her good technicians.The parts department is similarly hit-or-miss if you're doing your own work. Sometimes parts will be sold at list price, sometimes they'll be mysteriously marked up exorbitantly. Sometimes the same part will change price. I ordered a part and was told it would be $12.50 (list price), and ended up being charged $29 when it came in (232% of list). They're also not entirely reliable about calling you as promised when your parts arrive.That being said, though, the parts guys know their stuff and will make sure you get exactly what you need for your vehicle.
1	Earnhardt's Chrysler Jeep robbed me of my innocence. I went to Earnhardt's to test drive a Wrangler, and thus begins my first encounter with the demon seed known as Earnhardt's Sale's Staff.I was looking around the lot, and checking out different versions and years of the Wrangler when a somewhat smarmy but otherwise friendly salesman asked me if I was interested in a Jeep. I told him, that I was, but not interested in buying anything, just a test drive. He said that was cool, and asked me which one so I could drive it. I picked a white Sahara. He grabbed the keys from the front desk, got a copy of my ID and off we went. It was nice, but when he shot me a price of over 30K for the thing, I balked and said not a chance. So we went back to the lot and he suggested he take me to the back lot and look over all of the Wranglers they had to find one within my price range. At this point I didn't know jack squat about how much one should cost because I didn't expect to buy anything, but I played along. We finally found one that he told me was in my price range (I didn't tell him how much I wanted to spend, so how did he figure that out on his own?) and so had me test drive that one instead. It was nowhere near as nice as the Sahara, but the sticker said 23K so it wasn't as much of a shock to the system as the 30K+ was. Even still, I wasn't really interested at that price. Undaunted in his quest for a commission, he asked me if I had a trade. I said uh... yeah. His eyes lit up like a kid on Chrismas morning. "Well, we could easily get the payments as low as you want them with a trade! Let's go run some numbers." I replied,"Um... no I'm cool. I'll just take my car home". Then he whipped out the phrase that ensnares hapless first time car buyers across the country into their web of high-pressure sales: "What could we do to get you into this car Today?"I said "A payment below $200".Now anyone who wasn't as naive as myself at the time, would know that no matter what the salesman says at this point, there's no way you can finance 23,000 for $200 a month without rolling it into a 15 year mortgage. Regardless, he assures me that that is possible. :|To make a long story short (too late I know) after 8 hours in a torture chamber filled with "sales managers" "closers" and "finance guys", I drove off in my bone stock Wrangler SE at a payment of $383 and a really bad headache. They told me I had gotten a GREAT deal, so they must be telling the truth right?Much like a bad one-night stand, everything looks much different the next day with the lights on. Too bad it took me a year to really scrutinze the deal they gave me. They sold me a Jeep that was listed at $17,995 for $17,995 with $5,000 of what was labeled "Additional Dealer Markup" in tiny little print at the bottom. However, since I never looked at the sticker myself until long after the sale, I didn't see it. My dealings with their service department have been equally lackluster and I have warded all of my friends, family, enemies, religious leaders, professors, random strangers, and pets to stay away from Earnhardt's. The only good thing I can say about Earnhardt's is that they have a huge stock. If you must visit them, find the model you want in their inventory, take a test drive, and then go to another dealer and get that car from them. No Bull? Yeah... except for the $5000 worth of bull on the sticker price.
4	Most people I know absolutely loathe car dealerships and would never even consider taking their car in for service, and for the most part I agree with them - I've had plenty of bad experiences over the years. But never at the Earnhardt on Baseline. Ok, maybe once or twice they took a little longer than they initially estimated - but with the number of times I've been in over the last 6 years, it's a small percentage, and I'll forgive them. Your Service Manager definitely makes the difference. I totally trust my guy - when I brought my Wrangler in to get bigger tires, he told me he'd do it, but I'd get a much better deal if I went somewhere else (even made a few suggestions as to where). He's done that a couple of times, actually. So he may not get my business every time, but I'll keep coming back.Cool Stuff:-Easy early morning drop-off. Best way to get to the top of the list is to drop off your vehicle before they open. The night guard's got envelopes you can fill out and drop your keys in.-Free shuttle. They'll take you home and pick you up - on their schedule, but still - it'll come in handy if you don't have a ride of your own.
4	This place is gone, man. Literally leveled. Apparently incorporated into Darner Chrysler Jeep out in Mesa. Not quite sure what the deal is with the name - they still answered "Earnhardt" when I called the old number. Sure wish they'd mentioned there was a new location when I called in to make my appointment, but I'll save that story - and a one star rating - for my review of the Darner dealership. The Earnhardt guys on Baseline were always good to me and my Jeep, and I don't want to tarnish a good memory.
