3	Want a great breakfast? Check out this cute little place. First time there, I had the Eggs in a Nest. Two thick slices of cheesy bread with an egg cooked into the middle with a side of home potatoes and fruit. Really hits the spot on a cold fall morning. OK, so the service is a little slow but it's bearable. At least you're not waiting in line like those fools going to Beauty's. :)When you're done, get yourself across the street for some authentic Montreal bagels!
4	Very cool little place tucked away on Fairmont near Clarke. When you get inside there's a royal purple and black/white theme that plays off the name, and the patrons are all ages but biased a bit towards the faux-hipsters in the Mile End. The food is excellent - huge plates and very reasonably priced. Other than that, not much to say - good service, friendly people, and very casual. Worth it.
4	this is my third time at the restaurant and it never fails to please. The service is impeccable. all who work there are really friendly.I had le massif, which was amazing! the french toast was GREAT! I was full until dinner!I have to say, though, I wish I had ordered their newest item on the menu, that my two friends had, which I tasted and was SOOOOO GOOD! It's the breakfast poutine!I have to go back and have that!
4	I call this a hidden gem.  After trekking across town to find it (if you blink you might miss it) I was surprised to find a cute, urban chic interior with fantastic food.You walk in through purple velvet curtains into a white interior filled with abstract paintings in black and gold of the city of Montreal.  Kind of cool, gaudy, hipster all at the same time.  I've now been there 4 times and keep coming back.Favorites: breakfast poutine.  It's on the specials list or you can ask for it.... but it's amazing!  egg, sausage, cheese, gravy (I know I'm missing some ingredients)... etc.  surprisingly filling but amazing flavor!I love their french toasts with the yummy fruits and the options of toppings.They even have a honey and plain yogurt dip on the side allowing you to get just enough sweet and still call it breakfast.Their special french toast is made with cinnamon danish and topped with fresh fruit.  I stayed away the first few times thinking it would be way too sweet.  The waitress convinced me to try... and I'm glad I did.  The fruit lightened the flavor and it was just on the edge of dessert.  Yum!Wishlist/Changes: My friend got Eggs in a nest - which was two pieces of their cheese bread with an egg right in the middle.  The potatoes were a bit bland that morning and the "cheese" bread tasted like white bread.  A little disappointing but still tasted good.Their service is always with a friendly smile... but pretty slow.  When you've been waiting 35 minutes-1 hour and you're one of 4 tables in the joint..... kind of a bummer.  But... the food has always been well worth it and I'll keep coming back.  I even brought a friend from Florida here and she was shocked at how amazing it was.  Thumbs up if you're ready for an adventure to find it and are interested in a fun experience and ambiance.
4	A popular spot at Sunday lunchtime. Groups crowd outside and inside, hungry diners hope for a cup of joe while they wait. Graffiti like paint adds both wall and table flair - complete with gold! Happy that I didn't have to wait, as I was dining solo, I was swiftly put into an *afterthought* of a table. Wobbly and situated just below the upper level's exposed bench -- complete with an almost-headrest made of jackets swimming over head -- there I was, almost in the flow of traffic, facing a server's prep station. But I didn't really care. I was hungry. The brunch menu is robust! Eggs in "nests", steak and eggs, crepes and waffles, benny's, omelettes, breakfast sandwiches, pancakes. They're all there. I went for the basics 2 eggs with ham, bacon or sausage, served with a fruit bowl, roasted potatoes and toast. There's a smaller and larger version of the same, leaving all appetites appropriately satiated. When my over easy eggs and sausage made it to my table, I have to admit, I was a bit disappointed. It was definitely diner style with a steeper price tag. The two sausage links looked like they had been cooked in separate batches: one was blackened on one side and dry. The other was underdone, with not a hint of browning on its skin. The potatoes were missing seasoning. All in all, it was pretty dull. Perhaps I expected too much, and for ambiance, they've got it on a Sunday afternoon. I'd be tempted to test some of their more adventurous dishes - the nests are intriguing, nestled in cheese bread as the menu states.
3	Arrive before 11am if you want to avoid the lineup. Service is friendly, and efficient. Staff proves that genuine smiles still exist. It's breakfast food, so nothing too inventive but all is fresh and well executed. The decor is really great. But the whole place is noisy as hell.
5	So chill. If I lived in Montreal, I would be here everyday!! When you get inside, you're welcomed by the funky city art work and the comfy purple couches. It was just extremely comfortable and relaxing. The lounge music in the background helps to keep the morning vibe upbeat. I ordered the Omelette and sausages with home-fries, fruit and bread and coffee. It was standard breakfast food done right with such friendly staff who clearly love working there. Nothing but good things can be found here.
3	I had their breakfast burrito and although it was not very breakfast burrito-like, it was pretty good. Their side of fruit was sort of old and gross and I also think it is silly to charge extra for maple syrup, but maybe that is just me being a princess.What I did like was their SUPER cheap bowl of latte. It's only like $3.75. They had wonderful service and all of my friends were pretty happy with their experience.
5	What can I say... I'm a sucker for poutine, and brunch is my favourite time of day. Put the two together, and you have a breakfast poutine. But it's more like an eggs benedict on potatoes served with cheese curds. I topped mine off with sausages. Super filling, but absolutely delicious. The staff is so nice and not in the slightest bit snobby after their recent stardom (being showcased on CTV, as well as competing in the great Poutine Week).Great value for what you order, be ready to stand in line behind a ruthless crowd waiting for their chance to get in. Reservations are accepted before 11am and after 2pm. I made a reservation for 2pm on a Sunday and received the biggest look of death and attitude by customers waiting in line as I made my way passed them. (Sorry guys, but it's YOUR fault for not calling in to see if you could take reservations or not!)PS. Free non-alcoholic beverage with your check-in!
5	Great vibe, amazing service, reasonable prices, and excellent food. The staff really makes you feel welcome, very friendly.I shared the breakfast poutine and the waffles with chicken. Both were great. I personally liked the breakfast poutine a bit more.I'm pretty picky about my go-to breakfast places, but now this is on the list. I will definitely go back again and again. On a side note, when we checked-in on Yelp, we all got a free non-alcoholic drink. But the staff was so nice that they upgraded the drink to free freshly squeezed blood-orange mimosas!
5	I was with Erik V. and a friend of his visiting from Ottawa who is always blown away that you can just walk down the street and have endless delicious and vibing eateries at your fingertips.  We were going to go to L'avenue, but there was 50 people in line, so I suggested we try Faberge as I'd heard pretty good things about it.  I was very excited to walk in on a Saturday around 1pm and see there was no lineup but the place was bustling and the vibe was warm and lively.  We were seated in an awesome raised booth and the staff was just delightful!  I don't think I've been treated so well ever.  Super classy staff!I shared with erik v the breakfast poutine which we added sausage onto and the fried chicken waffle.  Both were tasty indulgent treats.  Throw a Caesar on top and what a fantastic boozy brunch it was! They also have delightful fresh squeezed mimosas.Can't wait to check out the terrace in the summer.
3	I really like the decor of this place. I was there with some friends in the morning, being the complete opposite of a morning person, walking into this place on Fairmount is a nice wake-up call.I don't have a sweet tooth, so I ordered a ham & cheese crepe. I expected the crepe wrapping the ham and cheese to be savoury, but it wasn't. So it resulted in a very weird sweet and savoury crepe. But my friends who ordered the strawberry crepe, and chicken waffles seem to have a good time. All in all though, for crepes, I've definitely had better ones elsewhere. But the service was nice, and the decor was so cute that it's definitely worth visiting.
5	Their secret coffee blend is really good. We had a latte and it seriously tasted like chocolate chip cookies!
3	During spring break, me and my friends went on a road trip to Montreal for my friend's birthday and one day decided to stop at this place due to its popularity and reviews. The place was quite a sight to see, the decor, atmosphere and setup was quite comfortable. The restaurant seems to be split into two, one with sofas and the other with booths. The service was really friendly and the waitresses there were quite cute even though during lunch hours, it took some time for them to take our meals and such. Although, the waitress recommend us to try out their lattes that isn't in a mug and it was worth the wait. The presentation of the latte was unique and the taste was nothing that I ever tasted.. a much more better latte than in Toronto. For my appetizer, I ordered a crepe with REAL Maple Syrup and it was good but wasn't that delicious.  I tried out my friend's mac and cheese and had regretted not getting that instead of what I am about to ordered. Unlike many people here, I didn't have a great experience. I ordered the breakfast poutine which seems to be recommended and it unfortunately got me food poisoning and kinda ruined the whole day. Having potatos wedges with gravy, cheese and hollandaise sauce seems to have made it more salty and also the potato wedges were mostly burnt (which attributed to me going to the bathroom alot)..  However the waitress made up for it and I got a free large apple juice on the house which was kind of her. However the poutine there was delicious and not as burnt as the breakfast poutine. Overall I would want to come back if I had the chance but in my personal experience, I will never try to breakfast poutine due to that experience.
3	The decor is real nice, ecclectic and kinda hipster. You have regular tables, booths and banquettes living room style seating. The menu is extensive, and has everything. from straight up eggs and bacon to eggs benedicts to crepes and even breakfast poutine.The eggs were cooked perfectly, my benedicts were nice and round and well poached. The sunny side ups we ordered also came out perfect, yolks all shiny and bright. the fries were very good too. The sausages were not good, it tasted weird, and the hollandaise sauce was bland, but the st-paulin cheese is excellent it only we were given a bit more of it to balance out the hollandaise sauce it would be better. If you're going to order eggs benedict go with the ham one, at least the ham is salty so it will balance better.French toast was very soft and nice. All i all, a fine place, but it gets quite loud when it's packed. A bit pricey but all brunch places are pricey now, what is going on? I'd come back for the french toast and try the pulled pork sandwich :)
4	Found this restaurant via Yelp and went for hangover brunch. I am a big fan of eggs benedict and I have to say that the "rustic" was possibly the best benedict i've ever had. A bit expensive but well worth it.
4	Very cute little restaurant in Montreal! We came here with a friend for brunch and sat at a table in their little garden behind the restaurant. I ordered the Eggs Benedict and my husband ordered their specialty "Breakfast Poutine"! The portions were huge and a lot of their veggies are grown in their little garden :) We loved the ambiance of the restaurant, the staff, amazing food and were very happy that our friend introduced us to this really cute place!
5	Great atmosphere, amazing food - had the huevos rancheros and replaced the regular fries with poutine which was to die for - we waited 30 minutes  from order to food arriving to our table which is totally acceptable for a NYC inhabitant !
5	Really great atmosphere, quaint and friendly staff! Great little sidewalk terasse. Wasn't quite sure what I wanted but my waitress made a suggestion in which was simple "2 eggs in a nest" what ending in being a delicious choice as simple as it sounds it was. The cheese bread the eggs were set in was super fresh! The  cappuccino was as delicious as it was presented.I unfortunately couldn't take advantage of the Elite event the week before but happy to have caught up and tried Faberge!Can't wait to return for a Sunday Brunch!Note: Although Faberge was packed the noise level was reasonable.
4	Ordered fresh squeeze orange juice, latte, breakfast poutine and Benedictine sud-ouest. The service was nice and really lively ambience. The breakfast poutine was delicious!!!! Definitely will come back and will order chicken with waffle next time !
5	Although the place was short staffed today, I really enjoyed coming here for brunch!The menu offers many sweet and savory meals along with drinks and snacks. I had their two eggs omelette and it was quite filling! With my YELP app, I was able to get a free non-alcoholic drink and I got a green smoothie (which coincidently happened to cost the most!)Thoroughly happy with the service and food and so excited to come back again! I love the "hipster" feel of this breakfast lounge and everything is super affordable for the portion you get!
4	Great brunch, great atmosphere, great staff. Our toddler was kept entertained by the Bugs Bunny cartoons playing on the two big screens. Pancakes were fluffy; so were the eggs. Probably would have preferred to be asked whether I wanted my croissant sliced and toasted (I didn't), but that's a minor quibble. Definitely worth your time for a good brunch in Mile End.
3	The staff were probably the friendliest non-Americans we encountered during our stay.  Does that makes sense?  Pretty creative breakfast and lunch dishes.  My husband had poutine breakfast (potatoes, cheese curds, no gravy, poached eggs, hollandaise).  He loved it.  I had a candied pecan french toast, served with honey, maple syrup, and yogurt.  The yogurt tasted like sour cream, but I think that happens sometimes. The yogurt was still tasty.  I wished I had some butter for the french toast, and I wish it was a little more 'eggy' or 'wet'.  Still, it was good tasting, and both of our servings were generous.  We had some for the ride home.   Interestingly, peanut butter was available in a caddy on the table along with jelly.   I encountered that at a couple of places.  This place also offered a flavored vanilla oolong iced tea.  Good!
4	The breakfast poutine is simply delicious.  I keep telling myself it's so heavy but it's really good!
4	Great Sunday brunch spot but get here before 11am! Breakfast poutine was good but very heavy and rich, croque Monsieur was delicious! Great hash browns and many gluten free options
5	Super cute brunch spot. I had a mushroom eggs benny which was great along with a free latte which I got using the check in. Was pleasantly surprised that drip coffee is always free! Such a nice touch. They also have tvs playing Sunday cartoons which I thoroughly enjoyed. Great service, great food and great coffee.
5	Lovely decor.  Delicious, decadent breakfast.  And amazing, huge cafe latte bowls.  Service was friendly and helpful.  Prices were reasonable.  I will definitely dine here again when I'm back in Montreal.
4	The only complaint I have about this place is the wait. There was a 15-20 minute in line, followed by a 30+ minute wait for the food. The servers/waiters were really courteous and apologized/explained the delays to us.We ordered the breakfast poutine (4/5) and mont royal burger (5/5), both of which I would highly recommend.
3	Small portions and almost an hour wait, decor was nice but seating was very tight. The potatoes were amazing, everything else was average, wished the sizes were bigger. Walked across the street to fairmount bagel because we were still hungry afterwards. They were also selling fairmount bagels but for $2 instead of $1 originally. Don't think I would wait to try this place again
1	Our experience here were horrible, after waiting in line for at least half of an hour, we finally got seated. I got the breakfast poutine and my boyfriend got steak and egg. His asked for medium steak but the steak was burnt. My poutine was very bland in flavour and it was basically just a bowl of potatoes. It was so greasy and lack of flavour so I asked the waiter to take it back. But they refused to do so. I don't get how other people really love the breakfast poutine but I hated it, normally I enjoy poutine as much as anyone in Montreal. Anyways, I won't come to this place ever again
3	I like this place because the staff are nice and the layout of the room that manages to feel cozy with lots of options for groups of different sizes. The art on the walls and the cartoons on the TVs are uplifting and interesting and busy without being too dizzying when hungover (an important consideration when making a brunch choice.) Their food truck does a delicious pulled pork sandwich. Aside from that I've not yet been blown away by the food. A basic egg and bacon breakfast is over-priced here, and the breakfast poutine, while a yummy novelty, was just too heavy and sticky for me to enjoy past a bite or two. I'm glad this place exists, glad there are more brunch options in the area, but have been left unthrilled thus far by the food and coffee itself, or at least by what you get for what you pay.
4	What a great place for Sunday brunch!  We had excellent food, excellent coffee (I'm fussy about my lattes), and wonderful servers.   My husband had the Belle Province waffle (yummy!) and I had the Supreme Benedictine (delicious and creative!).  All of the staff were exceptionally helpful and friendly, to a person.  When we mentioned to our server that we'd discovered the restaurant through Yelp, he told the owner, and the owner came over and chatted with us for a while.  Well, we're sold!  We'll be back for sure.  Wonderful hospitality, great food, and a funky setting....Who could ask for more?  Yelp has steered us right, again!
5	Served eight of us for brunch and each dish looked delicious. Waffles were deadly. Cappuccino was dandy. Very excellent service. Fast and friendly. Me likey.
5	Very nice brunch spot! Worth the wait....excellent service! Couldn't decide between the chicken waffles and huevos rancheros so I managed to convince my friend to exhange/share!Chicken waffles won!
3	Looked for a breakfast place that wasn't too diner feeling and found this place. Checked in and each received a free drink and used that for lattes. When we first came in the guy was friendly and told us to sit anywhere. We ordered drinks first- bf got the plain latte and I got a soy chai latte. We were both very happy that the drinks ended up free because unfortunately both of our lattes were bland and just tasted very milky and with very little taste of our latte. We had some really good coffee and lattes through out our trip in Montreal so at this point we just expected better from our drinks. 1 star off just because I feel that breakfast/brunch cafe should have good or even great coffee. I ordered a salmon benedict which came with potato wedges and some fruit. It was delicious and the bf was very happy to finish off my plate when I could not stuff my face anymore. The bf ordered chicken and waffles which I loved that they had on the menu. The chicken was crispy and juicy and the waffles were nice and sweet. Delicious plate. I truthfully am being picky but I feel the place deserves 1 star off because you have to pay $1 or $2 extra for real maple syrup. Not cool. Overall the food was good, just not great. And a plus to our server, he was very nice to us and kept checking on our table throughout our long breakfast.
5	This hidden gem is definitely one of my favourite brunch places in Montreal. Maybe it was because I was not expecting anything, maybe because I was hungry but I can clearly say that the food was top quality and it was very tasty.  The service was very friendly.  Needless to say I will be back.
2	This place does not meet my standards for a Montreal brunch. I thought the food was only so-so. There are so many other great brunch places in Montreal and this one just didn't do it for me. The menu is not that special. Dishes are mostly potatoes, eggs, and cheese based.
4	Pretty good place for good food... I recommend! It's a little loud and very packed so if you're looking for something chill this isn't the place!Our server, Samuel was very accommodating and took very good care of us...a little intense as he declared and I agree, but all good!
2	Since I read a lot of good things about this place I brought a friend who was from out of town to Faberge.We walked in mid-week, around 11 AM and the place was half full. Someone quickly told us to pick some seats and we did.... and waited over 20 minutes for someone to come talk to us. Normally this would have been a deal breaker but we were pretty engaged in conversation to feel outraged by this long wait.Eventually we did get someone to come take our order and I went with their reputed chicken and waffles with some much needed cappuccino. CHICKEN N' WAFFLES BABY! The food arrived about 25 minutes later. So, let's break it down shall we? The chicken was very good, crisp and moist all at the same time. Excellent! However, the waffles were pretty disappointing in comparison as they were very soft, were cold and flavorless. I felt these might not have been as fresh as they should have been.The maple syrup was authentic, the fruits were fresh/tasty and the potatoes were somewhat OK - I've had far better. The cappuccino wasn't for me. Was it the way it was done? Or I disliked what coffee beans that were used? I wouldn't know, it was pretty bad.The price tag is a bit steep considering that the meal in globally left a lot to be desired. The service was about average even after the disastrous start. All in all, forgettable.Was it an off day for Faberge? Possibly. However, I don't see myself coming back and that's why off days can be pretty costly to businesses, in terms of losing clients and more importantly slightly negative reviews that come from them.
3	Stopped by this brunch spot on a rainy summer morning in Montreal and thought it was a nice way to spend the last morning of a wonderful trip. There was a line when we arrived, but it moved pretty quickly. Ordered the Smokey (poached eggs with salmon and cream cheese) and a waffle with real Canadian Maple syrup on the side. Definitely over ordered but was looking to indulge, so it was well worth it. The service was friendly and overall thought this spot was well worth it. Only reason for 3 stars vs 4 is because while this place was tasty, there wasn't anything particularly unique about the menu or ambiance relative to other excellent brunch spots.
5	When it comes to eating out, I probably enjoy brunch the most. While I was looking for a new place to try out, I came across this little gem and took a couple seconds gasping at the bicycle latte art. I went to this place with the main intention of getting a bicycle latte. The art on the wall added a modern drift to this whole place. When the waiter came I asked him to make me a bicycle on my latte (probably with a bit too much enthusiasm). He laugh and said he'll see what he can do. Boy, I have to say he outdid himself. The portions here are pretty big. I didn't even end up finishing. Nonetheless it was a pretty hearty breakfast with beautiful presentation. If I ever pass by this neighbourhood I would definitely come again!
5	It was a 20 minute wait and worth every minute. The buzz in the place is electric and lots of people of all ages.The service is friendly and attentive. Everything arrived at the right time. Last night's residual effects banished by cool delicious Vert smoothie. Val's latte was not only perfect but beautiful.Eggs Bennie Rustic for me. EB Supreme for Val. Absolutely perfectly prepared in both cases.We'll definitely be back!
4	Our stop into Faberge was prompted by the great reviews and proximity to where we were staying. I'm thrilled with the overall experience we had; service was friendly and fast, my americano was spot on, and the overall quantity/price ratio of food was excellent. The ambiance is fantastic; I love the painted walls, and the old looney tunes cartoons that were showing on a TV in the background. Worth a look if you want a big, fat, brunch or breakfast and a cool place to hang out.
5	This was our second time coming to this place and it was just as great as last time! They're drinks are amazing and the food is so fresh. I would recommend this place to anyone. It's a bit crammed, so if you're coming with a larger group it's harder to get a table
4	I love Mile End. So many great restaurants, and Faberge is one of them. Came on a weekday around 11am just in time for brunch, so we beat the hectic lunch hour. Cool mix of modern decor and hipster peeps, Captain Planet playing on the flat screens. I honestly came here for the cool latte art, but the food was just as good!  had salmon eggs benedict that came w/ a side of fruit, potatoes, & also ordered waffles w/ jam/whipped cream. Wish we tried a smoothie cause I think it was named after Celine Dione, haha. We also saw so many people ordering the breakfast poutine which looked amazeballz. This place hit the spot preparing us for a day of exploring Mile End.
1	So I'll preface this review with the fact that I had been here before and really liked the food I had ordered. That is what makes this visit all the more disappointing. Things started off great - we didn't wait long to be seated and I got my OJ right away. Shortly thereafter, we ordered our food. Here's where things went down hill.45 minutes after our order, nothing. We finally flagged down our server to ask what's taking so long, and he said "Oh, I see your order, I'll be back shortly." Well guess what, he disappeared for another 10 minutes, at which point we simply gave up and left. I left more than enough money on the table to cover the OJ, but on the way out, nobody asked us anything.Very disappointing and ruined our morning! I highly doubt I'll be back.
5	So this is my second trip into Montreal. By chance we were crazing around the Mile End and came upon this interesting establishment. Boy oh boy did we luck out. This place is AWSOME!  The service outstanding and the owners a pleasure to meet. You have to go here for Breakfast/Brunch on the weekend and lunch is great as well. Food is well prepared and you cannot go wrong with the Breakfast Poutine as you will be full and not disappointed. So do yourself a favor get off the beaten path and eat like a local prince at Faberge and enjoy the pleasurable experience of local dining offered by Echo and her team!!
4	One of my favourite breakfast spots in pleasant district... Definitely worth the stop.
5	Definitely coming back here the next time I'm in Montreal!! Came here with friends for brunch and everything we ordered was spot on!! The wait wasn't that bad for us at all considering this place was packed. I recommend this place to anyone who wants a good experience in food, service and atmosphere!
3	busy, but good food. loats a kids and young families. There are huge TVs everywhere so it is a bit distracting. There is normally a bit of a line up for brunch on the wknds but the servers are nice and the food comes fast.
4	I'm here right now it was deliciois, really cute place. People are nice but the service is really slow
5	Highly recommended. It had taken over as my number one brunch spot. Many different options on menu. I love their juices and smoothies! Anything on the menu is amazing just go!
4	Ended up here by mistake as Sparrow doesn't open until 10am for breakfast. We crossed our fingers that perhaps it might be a little gem find and it was. Not overly expensive, super enjoyed my breakfast sandwich. Latte was great and the fresh juice (free with check-in) is always a great treat. Service was great though there does seem to be lots of staff moving about. I hope that they have a rush to account for the staff numbers.
3	I have enjoyed the homemade jam and the fresh squeezed juice (and that last one was even free, thanks to a Yelp! check in).
4	Of all the places in Mile-End, this is the place where I always tip the staff extra. The food is good, it arrives on time, hearty portions (if you're starving) and the staff are always ridiculously upbeat. I have often returned here for lunch and every staff member has always been top notch. These people genuinely care for your experience. Highly recommended :)
5	Always crowded. Always friendly staff that try to make your life easy. Always phenomenal food. I have to admit that the coffee and how good it was, defied my expectations from a brunch place. ( so much better than I thought it'd be)I've tried their rusty omelette and liked it. My family has also tried their chicken waffles (so surprisingly awesome), their poutine and Smokey omelette. Their poutine, in my opinion, is the best I've ever tried in Montreal!
