1	They provided DJ and photography services for my Vegas wedding.  They would have gotten 3 stars based on the combination of quality and lack thereof that was delivered, but they are getting 1 because they have not been honest in their dealings, and I now feel cheated.Specifically, I posted an honest, mediocre, very detailed review of the services that they provided on weddingwire.com.  Within the hour that I posted it, they had contacted weddingwire and had them take my review off the site to "verify" it.  A week later, it's still down and no one has attempted to verify a thing. Then I revisited the rest of their reviews, and they included a large number of brief 5-star reviews by people who created accounts to review only them and nothing else.  Hmmm....I was really bummed b/c I relied on those reviews when choosing them in the first place.  Shame on me.  Don't trust All Night Long or other sites w/ their reviews.If you want to hear details of how the DJing and photography went, just send me a note here, and I'm happy to share.  It was all just OK.  The dishonestly trumps any of that though with regard to my willingness to recommend them to anyone else.
4	Lantz was our DJ and he did a great job at our wedding reception! He kept the party going and followed our schedule even as we changed it around during the course of the night. My only concern up until the wedding was that I hadn't met my DJ in person since I lived far away, and I wasn't sure which DJ I was getting until the event was 3 weeks away. But everything turned out great! I'm happy I went with All Night Long. They also set up very nice LED up-lighting that really made our venue room look beautiful.
5	Amazing night all thanks to All Night Long djs! They provided all the entertainment for my wedding night. They were so professional,polite and covered everything. They played every song on my list and played requests for my guests. I was so happy with them I already booked them for my company hokiday party. Thanks to the owners Jeremy and Jeff! You guys were the best! See you in December.
5	We hired ANL for uplighting, LED dance floor lights and DJing.  I was extremely impressed with how awesome our DJ, Noah was.  He was not cheesy whatsoever and choreographed our reception without a glitch.  He had everyone dancing and really picked awesome songs to go with the mood of the crowd. I would use them again in a heartbeat.
5	Used ANL for our wedding reception in March at Maggianos. Our DJ (forgot name) was amazing. He introduced himself and went through the schedule, and we had to add a few songs during intro, and he got the songs and played them perfectly without any glitch. They had the crowd up throughout the night dancing and having a great time. We also extended an hour and they were fine with it at a reasonable cost.Thanks ANL and i highly reccomend using this service.
2	I was a little disappointed with All Night Long. The initial impression was great. They were very timely and responsive to all my questions. I was very excited to have them DJ my wedding at The Platinum Hotel especially after reading the reviews. I was under the impression that the DJ I met with was to be our DJ, but he wasn't. I was told that the DJ would come in and introduce himself to us and ask for any special request or changes to the evening prior to us making our grand entrance. He did not, we had to send our wedding planner to get him. As he was making the announcement of each pair in our bridal party, he started to announce us before he announced our maid of honor and best man. The wedding planner had to run out an stop him before he said our names. Right before he made the grand entrance announcements I told him that I wanted to have our first dance after the grand entrance. After the first dance I told him that I wanted him to ask all the guest to join us on the dance floor for a fun group dance. However, after our first dance he asked everyone to step back inside the restaurant for dinner. I think the look on my face reminded him of what I had requested and he then attempted to undo what he asked the guest. They were so confused. Half stayed while the other half went inside. We pad extra for uplighting to be placed outside. It was windy so they placed it inside the restaurant. Im a little bummed that we paid $200 to light up an already lit space. The songs I requested to play during the early hour of dancing he played during dinner. I had to ask him to play certain songs again later in the night because I knew how much my family would love to dance to them. There were a few songs that he played where everyone left the dance floor. Instead of transitioning into the next song, he let them play out. He did play one song that I placed on my no play list. We had $100 tip set aside for the DJ. We chose not to give it to him.
5	All Night Long handled the DJ and Photography for our wedding reception at Maggianos Little Italy on 8.10.13.  They were FANTASTIC!  We planned everything remotely (we live in LA) and they could not have been more on top of things.  They also made it super easy for us and have great deals.  I highly recommend them for any event you have!
5	We used All Night Long for our Maggiano's wedding reception August 3rd, 2013. They were the recommended vendor. We first met with Jeremy while we were thinking to book, and he was a very nice guy, and during the whole planning process he was really accessible via email. I am so sorry that I can't remember our actual DJs name the day of, but he was awesome! Though the booking paperwork only allowed for about 10 specific songs to put on the playlist, our DJ played anything we wanted, and much of it was things he had to download in the moment. He got the crowd going, and was very accomodating  to our "music snob" needs. We also used them for the photo booth, which was good. It was small, but everyone had a good time. If I could do it again I would use the ad-on for more prints.
1	I would give this company zero stars if I could.They provided DJ services, if that's what you want to call it, at my wedding back in October.I had my wedding at the Mandarin Oriental and went with the company they recommended because I thought, there's no way this 5 star hotel would steer me in the wrong direction.Well, they did. I booked them back in March. Since they were recommended by Angela, my coordinator, they gave me a great deal. I had a fairly small reception at the Dale Chihuly Art Gallery in the city center, so the space wasn't that big. We had a short ceremony. Like 10 minutes. So instead of having a cocktail hour, we were supposed to go right into the reception. Once it was time to walk in, one of the catering managers came out (as we were waiting outside) to tell me one of the speakers wasn't working?! Mind you, I had a late wedding...at 6:00pm. So why wasn't there a sound check????? So here we are waiting outside for 20 minutes. We are all ready to go in and the music wasn't working. Once it was "time" there my wedding party went but I couldn't hear the.music?.I was like, wait....why can't I hear the music?? So my new husband and I were waiting for the announcement as husband and wife to come in....there was no announcement and we couldn't even hear the music!!!!!! I was so embarrassed. It was NOTHING like I expected my entrance to be. So instead of going right into our first dance I felt the need to break the ice and just start greeting people because the entrance was so awkward. (This is making me sad just writing about this). Then instead of playing upbeat.music that I requested, he started playing weird music that no one knew?! I was like wtf is he playing??? Does he not have my form that I filled out?! Mind you, going into this, when it asked what kind of dance music do you want, I just gave a couple of examples and said upbeat dance music. Since I was advised by Jeremy (the person I was in contact with) and several of my friends who just got married, I didn't give a specific list. I was told to just let the DJ/MC choose it, they know how to control the party. So I took the advice since all of the weddings I have been to were so much fun and their DJs rocked it! Um, not mine. I was so upset that several of my friends and bridal party had to go up to this idiot and ask to play better music. He started playing some rap song!!!! I almost died!!! I SPECIFICALLY wrote on my form NO HARD RAP!!!!!  My heart dropped. He told one of my groomsmen that he didn't know what I wanted. I was almost in tears. I went to my coordinator and demanded she fix this!! So she went to talk to him. That obviously didn't work.Our first dance. Was ruined. You couldn't hear our song. Most people didn't even know it was happening. When he announced our first dance, it was muffled. Mind you this guy had no personality. Nothing like any DJ I have ever seen. I was so sad. We felt like we were dancing to memory of the song in our heads. Same goes for mother and son dance, etc. It was so so embarrassing. I went to my coordinator again, this time I was in tears. I said this guy is awful. She agreed and said she called Jeremy!!!! I was like who is this if it isn't Jeremy!?!?!!?!? Jeremy is the guy I have been in contact with!! He never once told me he was sending.someone else?! Nor did I ever know this guys name!!!!! At this point, my MOH finally took a pen and paper and had to write down songs because he didn't even know who Robin Thicke was!!! I was like how are you a DJ and not know the biggest hit of the summer?!?! Oh and it gets better. My MOH comes and tells me that its not even a DJ set up. It's a laptop with speakers!!!!!!!!! At this point, I had to hide. Here I was in Vegas, had a beautiful ceremony, and my reception in this gorgeous gallery with premium bar and a DJ with a laptop?! I had to gather myself. Finally, the last 45 minutes, Jeremy shows up and the.music changed. It ended with a bang. The last 45 minutes. I demanded my money back. He tried to resist and say that its not his fault, blah blah blah. He didn't win. I did get my money back. To make it even worse, I had people tell me the next couple weeks my wedding was awesome but the DJ was terrible. And they hope I didn't pay too much for him! I also had some people apologize to me for not hearing the dance and even the speeches. It was so embarrassing. Honestly, I think they gave me a crappy DJ because they gave me a great deal. That's a shame. But he ruined my special night. So I'm giving this place the worst review I've ever given anyone.
5	These guys are full service. I initially hired All Night to provide DJ for our wedding reception at Carmine's. That quickly expanded and All Night provided up lighting for the room and light show for dancing as well as photographer. As I wanted to up the game for all the guests coming such a distance to attend our reception, I added All Night's showgirls to appear for cocktail hour and Elvis for a dinner show. I can't even rave enough about it all!!!! The showgirls set the mood.. They were classy (long dresses) and absolutely gorgeous women.. every guest wanted photos with them and those girls were all over Facebook within minutes.. So cute! Sat for dinner, where Josh did a nice job with music, and then the grand entrance by Elvis. Elvis was the biggest hit of the evening!!! He's a true professional, great voice and look and got everyone engaged in the party and even hung around for photos.. so fantastic!I did all these arrangements long distance through email and all was so easy and all of the above was confirmed and arrived on time (or early.)..totally stress free!! I had the best wedding reception ever!
5	These guys are full service. I initially hired All Night to provide DJ for our wedding reception at Carmine's @ Forum Shops. That quickly expanded and All Night provided up lighting for the room and light show for dancing and photographer. As I wanted to up the game for all the guests coming such a distance to attend our reception, I added All Night's showgirls to appear for cocktail hour and Elvis for a dinner show. I can't even rave enough about it all!!!! The showgirls set the mood.. They were classy (long dresses) and absolutely gorgeous women.. every guest wanted photos with them and those girls were all over Facebook within minutes.. So cute! Sat for dinner, where Josh did a nice job with music, and then the grand entrance by Elvis. Elvis was the biggest hit of the evening!!! He's a true professional, great voice and look and got everyone engaged in the party and even hung around for photos.. so fantastic! I did all these arrangements long distance through email and all was so easy and all of the above was confirmed and arrived on time (or early.)..totally stress free!! I had the best wedding reception ever! I have now received the photographs (of course sooner than I expected) and they are fantastic! They are exactly if not more than I hoped!
5	We had a phenomenal experience with our All Night Long dj for our April 5 wedding reception at the Flamingo. I had a bunch of specific requests and the DJ Tom far exceeded all our expectations. He was really friendly and personable, introducing himself and checking in with us in the beginning to ensure we got the best experience possible.  It was perfect and I highly recommend All Night Long!!
5	We just got married 6/22/14 and All Night Long Entertainment was the DJ that was included in our wedding package from the Platinum Hotel.  They were very courteous and helpful in my emailing back and forth (I had a destination wedding).  Since my photography, DJ and everything was included in our incredibly reasonable wedding package, I didn't think that the DJ would be so awesome.Our DJ was Tom, and he was above and beyond our expectations.  Tom was very good about communicating with me and asking me what our preferences were for different things throughout our reception.  He was entertaining and played a good mix of music  Tom also got out on the floor to lead the kids in the Clap Clap line dance and Cupid Shuffle.  He was very high energy and I highly recommend him for any of your DJing needs.If I ever have another event in Vegas where I need a DJ I will be requesting him, and also recommending him to all of our friends.Thank you Tom for making our wedding fun and running smoothly.
5	I've used All Night Long for 5 years now. They do our annual product launch party which has about 500 guests. They provided a DJ, lighting, photographer, dancers, and LED furniture. I'm not going to lie, I was a nightmare to deal with this year and Jeremy was so patient responding to my calls and texts at all hours and reassuring me that he had it all under control. The party was perfect! All my stressing out was for nothing. All Night Long is so professional and didn't miss a single detail. I can't wait for next year's party!
1	I wish there was a negative option! This company ruined our wedding!!!!! They played the wrong music after I was extremely specific of what songs I wanted to be played. I had to go up to the DJ 4 times during my meal to ask him to stop playing top 40 crap! I wanted classic music during the meal  and was extremely specific to play only Frank Sinatra, Billy Holiday, Dean Martin etc....not maroon dam 5 ! To top it off the lame DJ played THE WRONG FATHER SONG I literally wanted to strangle this man.....save your money and play a dang IPod ...trust me!
