5	I had a facial from Georgina Poloni & a massage from Pablo Poloni, it was amazing! You do not need excessive words to describe the quality of service they bring to the table. The Spa's decor is very calm, clean, refreshing and most importantly professional and non-tacky. It exudes a luxury setting with sense of home and comfortability.
5	Such a great place for a facial. Georgina was amazing. She made my skin feel amazing  after. Can't wait till my next appointment!
5	Just had my first facial ever. Georgina was amazing. I felt very relaxed and comfortable. My skin has never looked or felt this good in my life. Definitely going to be a repeat customer. Highly recommend giving this place a try!
5	Don't let those playful dark locks fool you, Pablo is seriously one of the best massage therapists I've had.  His attention to detail coupled with his experienced hands will melt the tension right off your body! The location is perfect because it's easy to find.  It's quaintly decorated inside giving you that luxurious spa feeling. If you're looking for a fabulous massage at a great price, look no further!:)
5	I had a Groupon that I found for Bella Vita, and I'm so happy I used it when I did. I like when you can tell that a place is family-owned. The interior was so relaxing and calm right when you walk in. The customer service was genuine and the massage was amazing. Just what I needed when I went in. The pricing was competitive and really a great deal for the service provided.I would rather go here than a chain or huge spa definitely.
4	When I stepped into Bella Vita Boutique Spa, I knew I would walk out there feeling refreshed. Vegas is chaotic so it is essential one makes some time to go to the spa. Pablo greeted me, had me fill out the intake forms and I was ready to go. He is located off the strip so it was very quiet. The spa was very clean and new. The atmosphere was relaxing with cozy couches and soft relaxing music playing. I got the full body hot stone massage and a foot scrub. The stones were just the right temperature, the massage bed was heated and very comfy. He made sure to ask if I was comfortable and then didn't really say much which I appreciated. The foot scrub was ok, I would have appreciated if all of the scrub was cleaned off with a hot towel afterwards but that doesn't take away from the experience. By the end of the massage (I fell asleep), I didn't want to leave. While waiting for my taxi, he offered me some tea and nuts. The tea happened to be my favorite red tea from trader joe's and I couldn't be happier. Bottom line: Take an afternoon, get away from the strip and go here. You will not regret it. A+
5	I spent a wonderful time receiving a hot stone massage from Pablo followed by an organic facial from Georgina. They were both very professional. I highly recommend to check out this new, intimate and hip place. I also received a 40% off on my first service which was an amazing deal. I'm looking forward to my next visit.
5	Best Massage Ever! Pablo did an amazing job with my massage. Enjoyed every second. My favorite was the warm stone. The Spa is clean, smells good, and have relaxing music playing...highly recommend this place. If any of you are going to Vegas, You MUST stop by and get the best massage ever. He explains what's happening to your body.
5	I purchased a groupon for a massage and hot stones and it was well worth the purchase! It was also my very first massage and Pablo did a wonderful job explaining the way it works. The salon was very comfortable and had a welcoming atmosphere. If you're in the neighborhood or just need a through massage I definitely recommend this place. Can't wait for my next appointment thanks again!
5	I'm a L.M.T. in Texas and was here on business. I found Bella Vita on Spafinder and they had a great deal so I decided to take advantage. I went on 01/15/14 and I thought the spa was so nice looking! Small because it is just the 2 of them but it is beautiful! I had the Mona Lisa anti aging facial yesterday with Georgina and OH MY GOODNESS. It was amazing! I told her that I was a massage therapist and I've had many facials, we get to trade services at my job so I know what a good facial should be like. What I didn't tell her, and I'm sorry Mrs Georgina, I'm also a licensed esthetician....and I LOVED MY FACIAL! G has such great hands, I was feeling completely relaxed in minutes. Plus, I loved the way my skin looked when I left the spa. Georgina and Pablo were both very friendly, Pablo even offered to trade when I come back in town, lol and I just loved my whole experience. I'm used to leaving a facial or a massage only partially satisfied, usually wishing the therapist had done this or that or wishing they hadn't done something. Not this time, everything was perfect! I will absolutely be back when we come back to Vegas! Thank you Georgina!!
5	Thank you Pablo for the wonderful experience you provided to Emilio & I. We were both very pleased with the service. We'll be back!
5	This is a true spa.  Warmly greeted by Pablo and given a cup of tea while I filled out small questionnaire about my health.  I had a hot stone massage and it put me in heaven.  This is a must for anyone wanting a massage.  Living Social and Groupon have great deals so use them.  I plan to return for Pablo's great deals like "buy 1-get 1 free" and repeat customers specials.
5	Pablo is an excellent massage therapist.  He intuitively finds the spots that need attention and artfully helps resolve tension, applies a soothing touch, and generally makes you feel good all over.  I felt great the next two days. I will definitely go back for another.
4	I greatly enjoyed the wonderful massage I received from Pablo. He expertly addressed the discomfort I had been experiencing in my right shoulder. I would honestly recommend the Bella Vita Boutique Spa to any of my friends visiting Las Vegas.
5	Pablo is seriously the best massage therapist in town.  I will never go to another therapist again!  I highly recommend Pablo.
5	I bought a facial for my girlfriend on Valentine's day while I got to enjoy the best massage of my life! Who says guys can't enjoy Valentine's day too?! Pablo and Georgina truly take care of their customers and were the most genuine people we met on our vacation to Las Vegas. It is very close to the strip (we were staying at the MGM). I would definitely recommend coming here instead of paying more money for lower quality service at the hotel spas. We will definitely come back every time we visit!
5	You will not be disappointed - great price and great service!!
5	Pablo and Georgina are AWESOME!!  From the booking to the spa day everything went perfect for my wife and daughter! If you find a good coupon out there just mention it and these great folks will hook you up! My wife has been all over the USA in spas and said this was one of her best experiences. The prices are beyond fair and its very close to the strip. Ladies can save 100's by making the short trip and get a much better experience to boot than the high end casino spas . They give you VIP status after coming here and you can rebook for super deals in the future. Enjoy this wonderful spa and its super employees.
2	Maybe I had a very high expectation after reading all the reviews.I've definitely had better massages and a better experience.The massage was only 45 minutes long when it was supposed to be 60 minutes.I've bought an add-on service (foot scrub), but not really sure if I got a foot scrub. He rubbed my feet, but it was definitely not a scrub. I think it's the masseur's job to remember what kind of service was bought and makes sure he provides it, I don't like bringing it up halfway through massage or even at the end... I definitely didn't get my money's worth.He never asked if I liked his pressure, but later in the massage he told me that his pressure is the most optimum pressure...said he was a perfectionist. The truth is, I like a little deeper massages... and you can achieve perfection with more pressure... according to my previous experiences.He was supper chatty. I don't do chatty when I get a massage. I can do some pleasant small talk, but when your masseur shares to much of his personal life story... it's unprofessional.The booking process was easy, they both seemed nice people and I'm pretty sure there are people who like that kind of vibe. It was just not for me. I will not be going back.
3	Nice place, very clean. Pablo is very nice, high energy, and knows his stuff. He is very confident in his abilities and is very talkative. Maybe a little too personal at times though.Good massage and I really felt better afterwards. My only down point was that the massage only lasted about 45 minutes when I paid for 60. I always time my massage therapists and appreciate a full hour if that's what I am paying for. Will I go back? Maybe. Overall it was nice.
1	I only chose this place because of the great reviews here but my experience was not good at all. I actually went maybe 4 weeks ago. me n my friend went and got in right away. the place was dead. Pablo did the massage and I had a groupon for an hour massage but between me n my frend it added up to an hour. so basically I was ripped off by 30 minutes. at the end I didnt say anything because I knew I wasn't coming back and not only that but he has a way to make u feel uncomfortable and the entire time he is massaging u, he will not stop talking. I thought I came for and hour of relaxation but he jst kept talking and talking. and of course for only 30 mins. he seems like he believes he knows what be is doing and what he is talking about but I dont buy it. his skills speak for themselves wen he only rubbed oil all over me without putting in the smallest of pressure anywhere. then he had the audacity to tell me that nxt time he can give me a discount and massage me an hour for $50. I had paid less than $50 for an hour and I didnt even get that!! I tipped him well because he did offer me tea, fruit etc. but he really did not deserve it at all but I am always a good tipper. waste of time and money. not to mention I didn't enjoy how many personal questions he asked and how he wouldn't keep quiet during the massage. an overall unfortunate experience.  very disappointed, never coming back. I did find another more professional and amazing LMT at episage wellness center, been goin there now ever since.
5	My girl and I bought a Groupon... we called them up and schedule 2 appts back to back for massages. since were in town on vacay they were able to accommodate our schedule and took us in an hour early before they open the spa... Once there Pablo treated us great, was a great host offered tea water and snacks... Girl friend was 1st up and gave her such a great massage it took away the headache she had, I went up next and I felt like a million bucks after the massage...  will go back whenever in town...
5	5++++ stars at this place! Pablo the owner is very nice and professional. He is the one that gave me my massage. It was so nice and relaxing. He talked with me about my body and seemed to really care. I wish I lived in the area so I could see him every week for massages. The spa is clean, neat and just a nice place to go. He offers cold bottle water which i love. I would reccomend this place to anyone and everyone!
5	I had a really nice time at Bella Vita.  My husband bought me a massage for Mother's Day, and Pablo really wanted to make sure I had a nice time.  He really seems to enjoy what he is doing, and he told me that he wants to heal people, and how important his work is to him.He is a chatty guy, but I am a chatty person, and it didn't bother me.  There were several periods of time when we didn't talk at all, so it wasn't constant talking, or anything like that.  I thought the prices were very fair, and I will definitely be back for a massage and facial next time!
5	I was in vegas for a trades how back in March and I desperately needed some hell with my back. After a long search on yelp for massage places I  found this lil diamond in the desert and it is a slice of heaven. I will never go anywhere else when I am in vegas for a massage. Pablo was amazing. I felt completely at ease with him. Very professional. I had the best massage I have ever had and I cannot wait to try a facial from his wife. I heard she is amazing as well. I loved the fact that they treat you as if they have known u your whole life and I was running late and they were not upset. They welcomed me in with open arms and time was of no importance. Time truly stopped when u walk in the doors to this little place. I highly recommend all who go to vegas and all who live in vegas go to this place. U will be be pampered and treated with respect and love and peace and serenity. I will be back very soon. Thank you Bella vita for restoring my love for the massage :)
5	Great service, Georgina is very professional and nice. Would definitely go back!
5	Took my daughter here as part of a 21st birthday weekend. Even though we were using a web coupon, Georgina and Pablo treated us royally, like full-price customers. Left totally stress free, and the skin issues I'd been battling for days cleared up practically overnight! Take a tip--get away from The Strip, visit Bella Vita, and get much better treatment at a better price.
4	Georgina gave me a really good facial and gave me great advise on how to better take care of skin. I am using her recommendations and my skin is improving. I will be going back to get another facial soon. Her prices are reasonable as well. Thank you Georgina.
5	Pablo  is amazing!!  I appreciate that he shares his knowledge of how to stretch and prevent me from injurying myself again.  I love the hot clothes behind my neck and on my feet.  I always leave feeling better.
5	My sister bought me a massage for my birthday/graduation. I never heard of the place so I was excited to try it. The spa itself is small, cute, comfortable. Everything a spa should be! Pablo was amazing! He educated on things as he did them and made me feel very relaxed and comfortable. I will definitely be back!
5	While in the Vegas area, I wanted to treat myself to a spa experience along with my sister.  My preference is small and personal, and I did my research to find such a spa.  I chose the Bella Vita Duetto- Couple's Package of a facial and massage (covers two people getting services at same time in different rooms).  Bella Vita Spa was very pleasant and comfortable.  As it is by appointment, we were the only ones being serviced, and the personalized attention was wonderful.  Georgina gives heavenly facials, and Pablo is an expert masseuse.  Robes and slippers were provided for us to go between rooms.  We were both thrilled with our experience.  After my facial and massage, I purchased some luscious hand cream (all the products offered were very nice, and there was no heavy sales pitch as can occur in larger establishments) and enjoyed tea and light and healthy snacks made available in the waiting area.  We would be happy to visit again when in the area!
5	Best massage ever. Worth every single penny. Pablo does great work and released muscles that have been stubborn for a long time. It was a true healing medical massage.
4	Both my husband and I got a facial from Georgina and she did a great job on both on us! She tailored the facial to our skin types, didn't try to charge us anything extra like some other places do and didn't try to up-sell us on anything at the end. She was extremely nice and the facial were so relaxing and enjoyable! The only downfall is there's only one room at the spa, so you can't get services done at the same time. Regardless, we will definitely become regulars!
