5	This place just opened up about a week ago, and I think it's a great addition to the Indian restaurants in the Valley. My husband and I went to eat dinner here last night and, even late on a Monday, it was crowded. Beware - it's a small space, so if you are going on a weekend, I would call for reservations. The restaurant, located next to the India Plaza on Apache Blvd., is really inviting - it's decorated with bright colors, nice, thick tables and contemporary lights and wall hangings. It has quite a different feel than most Indian restaurants in the Valley. It has fun, upbeat music playing too, although I think it could have been turned down a  *little* to make it easier to talk.I loved the menu, because it is quite varied, offering the 'usual' suspects as well as some different items like Goan fish curry, bitter melon curry, goat curries, and gobi manchurian. AND, it also serves chaat. My husband and I, however, decided to stick with the more typical offerings for the night. He got the "La Jawab Kadahi Gosht" which was lamb pieces and veggies in a spicy yogurt sauce. It was seasoned really well and delicious. I ordered the malai kofta, which was also delicious and seasoned just perfectly. The rice and naan we ordered were tasty, and I loved the side of raita - instead of just a simple yogurt and cucumber dish that the restaurants around here typically serve, this raita had some veggies mixed in and, I think, little puffed wheat pieces. Yum!All the food comes in copper bowls and plates, too, which I love.The service was quite friendly, albeit a little slow (it took a while to get our food) - however, we felt that was more to do with ironing out some first-week kinks, rather than an indicator of anything more serious. If you like Indian food, I would definitely recommend giving this place a try.
4	Went for lunch with a friend.  I had the Bhatinda lamb special. Very good.   The portion was modest (but fine for the avg. appetite in context with the other stuff), and the price included naan, rice, and a couple of other sides.My friend ordered a vindaloo dish, which was a tad more in price and was just the curry. For him, the rice/naan was an add-on. It was a larger serving, but I think he felt a tad confused due to the different offerings included in my order.   Also, he felt it was pretty mild, though the menu and waiter mentioned it would be spicy hot. We mentioned this to the manager and he said that requesting more heat was an easy thing for them to do. So if you like to sweat when eating vindaloo (and other Indian fare), just be sure to make it clear when ordering. In any case, it was a first visit so I'm not sure which are the best things to order and if ordering a combination - what is the best plan. I would venture to guess, however, that it would be a great place to go with a small group, then order a variety of things and share.
5	Okay, so I know you are wondering: "What's with the 5 stars" ..fine..that skepticism is warranted so the answer is a very simple: grade inflation...as in grade inflation for Phoenix Indian restaurants. We all know the Indian restaurants are terrible in Phoenix in general so the ones that are pretty good deserve higher than normal grades.   Don't get me wrong, my expectations were exceeded when I dined at "The" Dhaba.Guru palace is still better and in regards to food, I would say Royal Taj is slightly better but The Dhaba is a strong 3rd place.  And in terms of the overall total package, I would rank The Dhaba the 2nd best Indian restaurant in the city. The ambience reminds me of the contemporary small joints you see in NYC or SF.  The restaurant is narrow yet not claustrophobic. The style is contemporary with nice mood lighting to give it a comfortable 'lounge" like feel to it.  They have the standard flat screen television with Bollywood playing. There are two servers.  There is a non-Indian server and an Indian server.  Luckily we got the Indian server because the other one just seemed a little strange like the reviewer below said.  I thought the service was pretty good. No, our waiter didn't exchange pleasantries or talk to us but he was efficient. Water was continuously replenished in our cups which was a nice change for an Indian restaurant.   A big hit with me were the plates and cutlery.  They were all metal including the cups which provides an additional authentic feel of dining in India. The water especially tastes cooler when it's served in a metal cup.  And just to avoid confusing people, there are two parts to Dhaba. They have a fast-food like chaat place which is next door to its restaurant component. We dined at the restaurant. The food: The food was well prepared. The texture especially was captured right. The chicken tikka masala was creamy and not runny. The quality of the chicken included thick chunks of white chicken breast. The saag paneer had a nice smooth pureed consistency but it wasn't runny.  My favorite aspect was the naan which had amlost a paratha texture to it with flaky layers yet it was baked and crunchy on the outside but wasn't burned. The rice wasn't dry or overcooked like you receive at most Indian restaurants.  In terms of heat, it was perfect. It wasn't too hot or mild. I though they really nailed it there. So what was missing? Flavor.. the food didn't lack flavor but it did lack that addictive quality that makes you want to come back by yourself and just chow down when you just got finished working out for 2 hours. Oh, don't get me wrong, food was tasty and far better than 90% of the Indian restaurants in the valley including some vaunted favorites like Dehli Palace in Tempe, India Palace on 35th and Bell, Tandoori Times and Maharaj Palace to name a few.  The malai kofta was arguably the best in the city  The only weak dish was the saag paneer; yes they got the texture right but it was a bit plain and it could have used more spice.  Something that deserves mention was the chaat. We ordered the samosa chaat.  The chaat actually contained normal amounts of samosa as opposed to one small piece of samosa and just tons of sauce. The samosa and the chole were very well prepared and it wasn't drowned in sauce. It was also fairly big and it was more than enough to feed two people.Other things worth mentioning: we had two white guys playing the sitar and tabla, talk about ironic but the fact is they were really good sothere was a live music component.  The place was also packed and there were people waiting outside to enter which I have never seen at an Indian rest. in the valley  so something is working. Finally, the food was priced fairly. We ordered 3 dishes, 2 naan, 1 rice, 1 appetizer and two soft drinks for $44...not bad for an Indian restaurant..the same would have cost us about $10-$15 at another Indian restaurant. This place is worth taking a date to or  a group of friends as it's ambience is hip enough that if you don't like the food, your friends won't think you took them to some cheap restaurant.  In other words, it's a good place to take people who have never eaten Indian food.  My recommendation is that you arrive before 7:30 because after that, the place gets packed.  If you go before 7, the crowd is mostly non-Indians and the date crowd.  After 7, you have large groups of Indian families dining and so the waiting line can be extensive and the tables can get packed.  My only criticism (if there is one) is the lack of enough of waiters and the length of time it took to bring the food out. We ordered our food at 7:05 and didn't receive it until 7:40 and the place wasn't busy at the time. Therefore, I could imagine that it could get much worse if you get there past 7:30 or 8 PM on Friday and Saturday.
1	I went here on a Friday night with recommendations from a few Indian friends. I was very disappointed with the vegetarian selection. Of the "traditional" indian drink selection; they were completely out of all the drinks. I asked for my curry "hot, really hot and spicy." It was not. We had a group of 5 and half of our table had to wait for silverware after their food arrive. Then it took them about 35 minutes to bring us our check, nor did we get any water refills, all night. It was a bad time all round.
5	Excellent Food, Great Service, Nice Ambience, Modest Price.Had Dinner multiple times - will recommend Chicken Curry and Chicken Biryani.  Naan can be a bit softer and serving a bit larger for dinner.Overall I would highly recommend the place. Easy access from Metro LineWould like to see fresh juices on the Menu - Fresh
4	Before beginning with my review, I would like to critic (!!) on something that I read through a lot of reviews here for "The" Dhaba..." There is no f* variable Spice level in Indian food... " I get enraged when people say these things as if these are the conventions for food... Most of the Indian recipes ( 99% at least ) are prepared with a predetermined spice level... " How do you want your food, mild medium or spicy ? " is the dumbest thing I have come across in my entire restaurant life... there are some recipes that are supposed to be SPICY and some are supposed to be Medium and some Sweet... reason being Indian spices range way more than just Chilly for heaven's sake... Thai restaurants vary Spice level just by adding more Chili... Indian spices are way more than just chili and you can not add / subtract spices like Chili sauce since spices are added during the process of cooking and not on top as garnishing... In short, "Mild, Medium or Spicy" is like asking what kind of a football player do you want for your team " fast, faster or fastest " .. well, quarterback position needs a fast player, tight ends could be faster but wide receivers need to be the fastest... but you can not f* switch and play the game !All right... about the restaurant... my opinion is that if you wish to have real Indian food, you have to go to cities other than Phoenix (or even better, go to India... !)... I have been to some Indian restaurants in Houston, Washington DC, New York, San Diego, New Jersey and a few more places and all places have much better Indian restaurants than in our Valley... but if it comes to sticking to the choices we have around, I would rank "The" Dhaba as the most "close to actual" Indian food that you have get...  Jewel of the crown ranks probably the second... but overall, all Indian restaurants around here are good for some particular things on the Menu and worse for others...  Dhaba comes to being better for almost everything on the menu... Chicken tikka masala (butter chicken) related dishes are very good, all lamb dishes are nice and authenticated... vegetarian options are awfully limited compared to what it should be considering its an Indian restaurant... ( common restaurants in India have at least 40 more vegetarian items on their menu, no kidding !)But overall I am very pleased with the range of quality here at The Dhaba.. garlic Naan's are way too good to resist... tea (complimentary) is very close to what people in India drink... almost all non-vegetarian dishes and paneer tikka masala or mixed vegetables are tasty... (somebody wrote about salads and I would like to remind that salads are not Indian because other green vegetables are very common in regular diets)...and yeah... if you like Indian music, they have live music these days on the weekends, I guess... and though I have never been there for the music, I bet that would be cool....
4	After dining here a couple of more times, I would have to give this restaurant 3.5 stars. The chicken tikka was VERY DISAPPOINTING. It was not served on a sizzling clay plate as it should be. The chicken did not taste grilled.  It was microwaved and served on a plate. The flavor was also lacking. Honestly, this is very amateurish and they simply cannot serve tandoor like this.Also, the water was not served chilled with ice, it was served tapwater temperature and thus your thirst didn't feel quenched.  The vegetarian sabjis outside of palak panner and malai kofta was average. Again, I dined here two more times after this and the quality of the food took a dip.
4	Went there with a friend for chaat (snack) and chai.  We had the Bombay Bhel Puri and the Amritsri Samosa Chaat.  The samosa dish was perfectly cooked and everything was nice and spicy.
3	I walked into this place thinking: "Oh man, you know the Americans(white dudes) are going to love this place"  Flat screen tv's, nice tables, friendly service, trendy ambience, waiters who speak good English, white guy playing sitar at the front....this is white guys paradise...unfortunately the food itself was just above average. FYI, Indians from India (my parents) call all white dudes "Americans" as if we are not Americans but I thought would throw some humor your way in case you were already bored reading the typical "The spiciness wasn't there" reviewIn terms of the menu, I don't think Dhaba knows how it's trying to position itself. Are they a chaat house, a classic Indian restaurant, a fusion Indian restaurant....and that is the problem with this place, it's  a smorgasboard...a jack of all trades yet a master of none.  And that's exactly felt in the cuisine. The samosa chaat was amazing, the other chaat....bleh!  The chicken tikka masa was very good but the certainly not crave-worthy meaning  it lacked the"Hey I'm dying for some great chicken tikka masala, let me order this to go" quality. It's really hit or miss with their dishes as some are completely amateur like their chicken tikka(not the curry but the grilled version) which tasted like chicken cooked on a Forman grill and was then allowed to cool to room temperature and served on a plate...not exactly appetizing. Their daal was really good but their saag was okay.And to Wendi below, we don't eat salads.  Indian people created salads for you guys. So when you tell me there is a new salad on the menu each day, I envision someone at a Chinese restaurant saying we are offering a different style of pizza today. That's a not a good thing. If the guy is listening to Pink Floyd, that means the dial is moving even further away on the authentic meter. What's next, are they going to start offerring hooka and child's chicken finger and fries plate?Don't get me wrong, Dhaba is one of the few Indian restaurants in Phoenix that I will actually dine at since most are terrible and that's not me being critical. Phoenix is a great place for bad Indian restaurants to thirve since the population is clueless when it comes to Indian food and you could seriously serve up some ground beef with curry and give it a name and they would think it's a legitimate and authentic dish...and this goes for the white dudes living in London who comes on these forums and tells us they know great Indian food when they give places like India Gate 5 stars....but I digress. Okay so if you are not an Indian food snob and want to break out of your routine of eating at Black Angus, this is a good place to start. If you have eaten great Indian food and are not easily mesmerized by a nice atmosphere go down McClintock and take a left on Broadway and try Royal Taj
3	This has been a staple in my life for the last two years. I have eaten there on busy nights, on slow afternoons and i have ordered taken out. I don't vary from what i order and i am always satisfied.I will agree with most the reviews below that the services has been very weak in the past. Everything from uninterested waiters that i had to pry recommendations out of, to pushy waiters that try to force stuff on me. (I didn't want the damn chi-tea! I don't care if it came with the meal. It tasted like crap anyway!) While normally i don't care much about how soon they get my water filled, when i am eating curry that tends to be pretty spicy... i need water, NOW!After that rant about the service, i will say one last little negative thing. I order the meal special, and with out fail every time the desert has changed. I'm not complaining because it is always good, but can we get some consistency here?BUT,Sometimes, i needed Dhaba curry! I need to so bad, nothing will satisfy until i have it.
3	Now with so many good things going for it, I did leave The Dhaba slightly indifferent. You see when I order and eat, I'm pretty much a total top. While I am open to suggestion, I have a good idea of what I want and how I want it. During my visit, not only was I flipped but I didn't have much say in the matter. Please don't get me wrong, our server was friendly however, every time when one of us ordered something, he would tell us that he would order something better for us to enjoy. For me, I was dead set on ordering several wraps and rolls called Sada Bahar, what I ended up with was far from what I originally envisioned. While I did get my way with a few appetizers, I have to say not only was I pleased with his domineering ordering selections, but would eagerly let him order again for me.Street food called chaat, is to Indian cooking as dim sum is to Chinese. Usually a small plate with around 3 servings varying in preparation, and with enough variety to make a meal out of. Starting with the Amritsri Samosa Chaat ($6); these are a deep fried triangular dumpling filled with a mixture of potatoes, onions and chili, served with a spicy yogurt sauce. Perfectly crunchy and not a drop of oil, just breaking into one of them was a delight as the fragerent steam escaped, it was aromatherapy Indian style.Ambala Tiki Chaat ($6) was more of a composed small plate. A couple of potato pancakes, layered with garbanzo beans, onions, and garnished with fresh mint & tamarind chutney and yogurt. The flavor components with Indian cooking are generally very complex, this plate was a great example of complexity and harmony. Each bite had varying degrees of spicy and sweet then a slightly sour finish from the chutney.Complexity doesn't quite work like with the Kolkata Pani Puri ($6). These are round hollows, fried crisp and served with a watery mixture of tamarind, chili and potatoes. The idea is to spoon in some of the mixture into each puri, then pop into your mouth. While the texture was nice, the flavors just never came together and ended up just tasting weird.This is the part where he took over and assured us what he was ordering was going to be quite good. As the dishes came out we weren't quite sure what was what, so we just dug in. Eventually we got clarity and just continued to share, family style.Arriving on a sizzling iron skillet covered with peppers and onions, the Chicken Tikka Kabob ($11) was not only a dramatic presentation coming from the kitchen, but the colors were vivid and bright. Large pieces of boneless/skinless chicken breast are rubbed with spices then grilled, resulting in a beautiful yellow color. The chicken was tender and moist yet had a slight smokiness that added another welcome dimension.Served in a large basket were piles of hot freshly baked naan ($3 per order). The thick and tender bread was a welcome site since I was wanting a wrap to begin with. Plain, garlic and chili each flavor welcomes dipping, wrapping and scooping of sauces and meats.Loving yogurt, the creamy tang of the Kashmiri Chicken Tikka Masala ($10) was a welcome surprise. This is where the naan really came into play by making good use of the tender pieces of chicken and yogurt sauce. Sopping up as much of the delicious sauce as I could, interactivity is just part of the experience.With so many different spices and spiciness, the Mango Lassi ($3) was as welcome as the rain. Yogurt and water mixed with sugar and mango was cooling and refreshing. With the addition of a fruit puree on the inside of the glass, made this version different than others Ive tried, though the effect was still the same.At the end of the meal we were brought out a bowl of rice pudding with a scoop of pistachio ice cream. While the sliced dates and papaya were pretty to look at, none of the flavors made much sense together. Complaining aside, this did arrive complimentary. Who knows, maybe for being a good sports?We were also brought out another off menu item, it was a thick, flaky and buttery paratha. Similar to a flour tortilla, this particular version was filled with pureed cherry and sprinkled with anise seeds. After only one taste we were hooked. The group of us made short order of the warm tender layers. You might have to ask for this one to be made special. Our server actually told us how soldiers in the hills of Afghanistan, would make these since it didn't take to many ingredients or tools. He stared blankly out the window as he told the story, perhaps of his own personal experience building make shift clay ovens?Alright, so sometimes letting go can be a hard thing to do. After this experience, its actually kind of nice sitting back and enjoying the surprises the kitchen has in store.
5	I am by no means an expert on India cuisine. My experience is limited to dozens of buffets and a single non-buffet experience a friend took me to in Manhattan. While that was good, this was awe-inspiring.The Dhaba is NOT a buffet restaurant. They serve fresh Punjabi food and have an extensive menu. But not at lunch during the week. Their innovative approach is to rotate through the best items on their menu each week. We ate their on a Thursday. We skipped the two vegetarian entrees and went straight for the chicken and lamb. Both were melt-in-your-mouth outstanding. Both were spiced for flavor, not simply heat. I'm a huge fan of hot food, but it wasn't until driving out of the parking lot that I realized how not-hot the food had been. Amazing.We had the Mur Lasuni Tikka (chicken) and the Kali Marichi Ka Gosht (lamb). Served family style, with fantastic madras lentils (they probably call it something different), yogurt sauce (taziki?) , naan that perfectly complimented the meal instead of overpowering it, and a lovely salad with a mango-and-lots-of-other-good-stuff dressing.The lovely lady there took the time to explain everything to us and made the experience that much better. And since they rotate the lunch menu every day during the week -- full menu on the weekends and for dinner -- I have good reason to return at least four more times this month!
4	Ambiance provides the right feel for Indian cuisine, including the copper rimmed tableware that I like.  Several lunch specials that include salad, soup, rice, entree, and naan were priced reasonably.  Service was pleasant.  Food was middle of the road.  Soup size was a little small. Naan was dense, thin, and chewy.  Not bad overall, but could be better.  Owner contacted me regarding my experience and I have good assurance it will be better next time, and I'll certainly return.  Great to see proprietors that truly care.
2	A disaster. We were told it would be an hour wait. No problem. It was a little over an hour, but still, no problem. It's 8:35 pm. No waiter until 9 pm. Nothing. Nada. Then, we tried to order a bottle of wine. Selection #1: "Oh, we're out of." Selection # 2: "Let me see..." "No, we're out of that one. My husband gamely tries another selection. They come back with "We're out of that as well. Perhaps you might like the merlot?" The food arrives, blessedly, quickly. It's mediocre Indian. We've lived in major metropolitan areas and just weren't impressed. The menu, at first glance, IS impressive. But the food was just above average.One last note. The alley-shaped space is a noise box. Be prepared to yell your thoughts across the table. So much for a nice night out.**UPDATE** The owner offered us a dinner in response to our disappointment. We responded that, rather than that, that he ensure that no future diners experienced what we experienced. I'll give him another star for trying to remedy the situation :  )
4	You have to have a picky Indian to recommend and suggest a menu for you to enjoy this place. We had a good offer for a menu that included (Pappad & chutnies, appetizer samosa/pakora, a chicken dish, Malai Kofta (vegetable fritter in a tomato cream sauce), Daal, Naan, Rice, Ras Malai (dessert) and of course Chai.Everything tasted really good and was more than enough to leave us satisfied! It is a bit small, but cozy, and the owners were around, so we had a really good attention. Unlike other "indian places" this one had much more flavor!! Good thing is around the corner from where I live :)
2	I'm not sure if I was expecting too much and got caught up in all the hype surrounding this place, but I have to say...meh.  I've experienced better.  The taste of the food wasn't anything that left me saying, I MUST return here!  I can't even remember what kind of curry I ordered, but it didn't come with rice, so there was an extra charge.  Bummer.  My friends ordered dhaba thalis, which is kind of a sampler dish, and I'll give credit to The Dhaba for loading the food on there.  Perhaps that's the way to go here.The service was also not impressive.  It wasn't bad, but it was just...slow?  The girl who was our waitress kept coming back to our table without food to tell us the status of our food and that it was going to be delayed.  I suppose that's a courteous gesture, but at some point, I got to thinking, Just come back when you have food.  Though I'm giving The Dhaba only 2 stars, I give their mango lassi and their decor 3 stars.  Check it out.  Overall, I found this place decent enough, but I've had better.
3	The food at The Dhaba deserves about 2 or 2.5 stars based on food alone. It's not bad, but it's also not that great. My husband and I got the 2-item thali plates, so we tasted 4 of their curries in total. Like other reviewers noted, the food is "meh." "The main problem is that that the dishes are extremely bland. I love Indian food to have rich spices, textures, tastes....this seemed watered down.The decor of The Dhaba is about 4 stars. It's very nicely decorated. The restaurant is small, but well laid out. The service is about 4-stars as well. Our waitress was prompt, and courteous. The only difficulty is that she was very soft-spoken (ie., a low-talker).  On several occasions, we asked her to repeat herself. Overall, "meh" with nice decor.
5	For a student like me who is away from home, does not like to cook and has limited money, dhaba is the best place to eat. Their afternoon meals are just perfect for students. Fits the pocket, fills the stomach and the food is amazing. I love their mutton dishes, they are very well prepared and are mouth watering. hmm my mouth is already watering..lol
5	This is my favorite Indian restaurant in the valley.  Their curries are very flavorful and spicy.  I usually get their Vindaloo, although I've had the Dhaba curry, and a couple others (both lamb and chicken).The Naan is great, and we've been given a couple desserts on the house that were fun and interesting.  They do a good job of trying to find some stuff for our kids to eat, but we usually just bring something along for them to have with basmati rice.My wife gets their Chiken Tikka Masala, and she loves it.We often go here for lunch, which is not a buffet (which we prefer).
4	I used to live in Central Phoenix and loved Flavors of India.  Since moving to Mesa, I just hadn't seen or found a good replacement until I tried The Dhaba.  The service was a little slow at times, but the overall atmosphere was friendly and inviting.  The food came out hot and was flavorful, with a hint of spice, and delicious.  Both the plain and garlic naan were crispy on the outside but still soft on the inside, the perfect combination.  There is also a small, but decent, selection of Indian beer.  And though the food came out in what appeared to be somewhat small dishes, we had enough leftovers to take home and make another meal.
4	I was so pleased with my evening at The Dhaba. Their food was really good, their ambience was so much better than a lot of mom-and-pops and the neighboring shops are just charming. The grocery store next door had so many interesting foods and condiments. One thing that struck me was that no matter which box of prepackaged meals I picked up, the ingredient list was all of real food and spices... No ingredients you couldn't pronounce. What a novel idea...I'm excited to bring my Indian friend here. She and I have eaten at many Indian places around the valley and I really think she'll love this place.For dinner, I had the Ambala Tiki Chaat as an appetizer... wonderful! And Tikki Masala. As good as many I've had. And Lahori Malai Kofta which is a vegetarian substitute for meatballs. It consists of dumplings made out of paneer (cottage-cheese), cauliflower florets, carrots and potatoes in a rich and creamy sauce. I'd never had it before, but recommend it highly! I'll be back to The Dhaba again very soon!!
4	Let me just start by saying that I had stopped going out to eat at North Indian restaurants in the Phoenix area for a while, since I could not find one that satisfied me. Having been born and brought up in India, I always compared them to what the real thing is supposed to taste like and none met my liking.I tried the Dhaba, a little while ago and was very pleasantly surprised by the taste and quality. The food was quite authentic and I visit there frequently.I have tried quite a few things on the menu and the chicken and mutton selections are very good. But the winner is (....insert drum roll here....)  the maa ki daal (black daal). It truly reminded me of home.The Phoenix area has quite a few indian restaurants but none that I would re-visit. Now I have finally found one that has good Punjabi food. BTW, the Chaat cafe next door is pretty good too. When I don't feel like a regular meal and am craving some good "street"  food, this is my choice.Hope this place stays around, so I can have a place to satisfy my Indian food cravings.
4	This was another Groupon find of mine, although I had heard about it (in a not so good light) from a friend. However, I do love me some Indian food, so I grabbed my partner and headed over there.The Groupon was for $40, and at most places, if get get apps, food, dessert and iced tea, we hit that mark. Not here. We each order the fanciest Thali they had (comes with salad, naan, biranyi rice, desser, chai, mini mango lassis, dal and two veggie dishes), but they were only $15 a piece, so we wound up ordering two more starters (the potato pancake Chaat and fried Paneer) in order to hit our price point. And then we took a LOT of food home.The mango lassis were delicious, as was the salad.  I wasn't such a fan of the chaat - it was a little too spicy and a little too mushy. I loved the fried Paneer, but who doesn't love fried cheese? It was great with the tamarind chutney.As far as the main meal, I loved everything (though next time, will go with plain basmati rice). I especially enjoyed the paneer tikka masala and the malai kofta, my favorite dish ever. The dal was good -- I've never seen kidney beans in it before, but I liked it. The only thing I didn't absolutely love was the Saag Paneer - the texture was too smooth. However, my partner scarfed it down.For dessert, I was expecting rice pudding, or the sweet balls. Instead, our awesome server asked if we'd tried carrot fudge. We hadn't, so she brought that out.I liked it, except for the sultana raisins (I hate raisins). It didn't hit the spot for my partner though, and the chai wasn't as strongly spiced as I like (plus I prefer honey to sugar packets as far as sweetening it).We'll be back, for sure. I might go with a small thali, but it's a really good deal, and an excellent amount of good food for the value. Glad I found it!
4	I have been to this place only once which was like 2 years back. One thing that stick'd out for me was the colorful interior with the theme of Indian flag. We were a group of 11 and we had a good time in their just having fun and enjoying the food. They served in copper plates and copper tumblers.The food was excellent we pretty much ordered the whole vegetarian menu n like a chicken dish.. The taste reminded of food back home. They even had a big screen TV playing Indian music videos, some of musics were the once we grew up with. Brought back memories.Me n my friends still talk about the food in dhaba n the experience we had in there. A memorable time to cherish and maybe go visit this place one day.
5	I went to this restaurant with my wife and ordered roghan gosh and chicken makhani. the food was delicious. We complimented this meal with Onion and special Naan, which was an excellent choice. No complaints about the food at all.My wife ordered mango lassi which she thoroughly enjoyed. We have been to other indian restaurants in the southeast valley and we definitely rate as one of our favorites!
4	Amazing food . Beautiful decor . A bit expensive. Otherwise a 5 star place.Its not the most authentic food but it was good nevertheless.
2	I think I heard too much hype...it just wasn't good. Very bland biryani with little or no meat, subpar service, and slow food delivery. I prefer Priya...though the service is not good either...their dishes are delicious.
4	By far the best Indian food I've had since moving to Arizona.  The Chicken Tikka Masala and Vegetable Korma are my go-to favorites every time.The only negative about The Dhaba is that it can be somewhat slow in the service department.... it actually adds a bit to the mellow feel of the atmosphere there, but if you're in a rush, it's probably not a good choice.The food is ALWAYS worth the wait.
4	Since I haven't eaten a lot of Indian food I opted for the Maharaja Patiala Tandoori Thali which included tandoori chicken, tandoori tikka, lamb curry, lentils, biryani (rice), house salad, raita, chutney, papad, chai and dessert.The lamb was the highlight of the meal.  The sauce it was in was  delicious.  For me it was the right amount of spice without being too hot.  The naan was also full of flavor either alone or dipped in the remaining lamb sauce or raita.   Unfortunately the chicken was too dry so I didn't eat much of it.  The rest of the included food was good but not exceptional. I would go here again but next time I will stick to lamb and naan.
4	The food is great but its a little pricey for a poor college student like me. The food is really awesome though so I suppose it's worth it. It's also a great place for a nice little romantic date. Out of all the Indian restaurants I've been to in the valley this one has the nicest atmosphere. I especially like to browse the little Indian market next door when I've finished eating.
4	We went here for the first time because of the Groupon offer.  I cannot believe that in the four years I've worked at nearby ASU that I haven't been here before!  The space and service is warm and inviting.  But it's the food that will have us coming back.  Fresh, delicious, you can tell that they toast and grind their own spices.  My daughter always orders chicken pakora, which I usually find very blah, but at Dhaba it was fabulous--moist, tender white meat fried perfectly in a light crispy batter with just the right amount of spice.  And the paneer pakora was even better.  From the appetizers (try the bhatura chole!) onward, our meal was the best we've had in any Indian restaurant in the SE valley so far.  Oh, and it's a plus that they have white wines by the glass that compliment the food.
4	This place used to be chaat corner - its recieved some massive plastic surgery. Nice ambiance, not any way like an authentic indian dhaba, but the food inside makes up for it.The lamb curry was thick, spicy, and rich in potatoes. It made my stomach happy.Stay away from the goat curry. That curry singlehandedly took away a star. It was flavorful enough, but it was thin and the quality of the meat was questionable.The thalis won't disappoint - they're reminescent of thalis from north Indian dhabas.  The desserts are authentic. And they usually bring you out free fresh hot tea.We went in a big group and our waiter was pretty darn good.
4	Food was very tasty and portions were great if you were hungry. The menu was extremely long and involved. Accommodated our group of 20 people wonderfully. Restaurant is fairly small. Staff were attentive and polite. I would go again!
3	The place used to be good, but not any more. They have settled for mediocre taste & customer service like any other Indian restaurant in the valley. Don't expect a miracle, but if you are hungry and want to grab some spice after a Sun Devils game, then not a bad choice. Better than other Indian shops in that area.
3	The $11 a-curry-a-day lunch combos was paltry and plain bland. Dal was flavorless and the rice was tough. So I effectively paid $11 for a few mouthfuls of chicken curry (which was decent) and two pieces of naan. I'd rather go to a place like little india where they charge half as much without the fancy decor.The paneer entree dishes though are just fabulous. If two people are going I'd say forget about variety and just order paneer.
4	After searching for decent Indian food in the Phoenix area I was introduced to The Dhaba a few years ago and it restored my faith that good Indian cuisine could actually be prepared in the valley.I stick to the vegetarian dishes and have yet to be disappointed.  The staff is always friendly, the restaurant clean and the music fun.  Once in a while there will be videos playing on the flat screen above the bar, but normally just some good music.I will update this review after eating there this weekend!
4	I went here last night to use my new living social deal.  The decor is really great down to an awesome place setting, copper cup and copper silverware.  I called ahead and made a resey for a Tuesday night and when we arrived there was a reserved sign on the front table.  Really nice touch - we got the best table in the house.  The food was really good.  We ordered the vegdy appetizer platter, veggy meatball dish (skip this), garlic nan, and butter chicken.  Everything was delicious and not at all spicy.  I think the usual Indian buffets make things really spicy so you eat less, here I couldn't eat anymore b/c I was stuffed.  I would be remiss if I didn't give a special kudo to the man who brought out our food and filled our drinks.  Best Guy Ever.
3	We started eating here last year & we were very impressed with the service & the food.  Since then, I feel like the service is somewhat lack luster, refusing to allow coupons to be used on the take out orders and insisting they have a credit card number when you phone something in.  We used to be able to order special requests, but not now.The flavors of the food are good, but the portion size in relation to the price is small.  The chicken is usually over done & not the best cuts of meat, but because the sauces are so vibrant, it's easy to hide from some.Rice & Naan are separate, which is disappointing.The atmosphere is nice & not tacky like many other indian restaurants.
3	Very good food. Some of the best and most authentic I have ever had. My only complaint is the service. It is always slow and server never is really busy. The place is small and I have never seen more than 4 tables full inside. However, it takes forever to order, get a refill, or get the check. Hire a better server and this place might get a 5 star from me. (I have been here to eat several times, and the service is bad every time. I keep coming because the food is so delic.
3	Let me start by saying I think Dhaba is actually a 3.5 star.  The food was good, but not fantastic, the service was good but not superb, the pricing was reasonable, but not a steal.... Overall a pleasant experience, but not likely one I will repeat on my own accord.  In Dhaba's defense, they have a lot of competition when it comes to small Indian food places in the valley, so I can't give it a 4 compared to some of the excellence I've experienced at its competitors. My BF and I both tried the sampler platters, meat and vegetarian.  The salad we started off with was excellent, the dressing was fantastic and they had these crunchy balls on top, almost like a cereal.  The entrees were just okay, my masala was very good, but everything else I could have done without.  Also there was no spice whatsoever in any of the dishes, very disappointing.   The pricing was reasonable; I was surprised some of the reviews mentioned it was expensive.  I think Dhaba is probably a great place to start if you don't typically eat ethnic foods with a lot of flavor or spice.  We both left feeling satisfied, but like the meal was missing something.
4	a precious, authentic, little wonder. went with my family from out of town and was worried my dad would be disappointed with the relatively conservative portion sizes. however- when you treat your taste buds with something so exquisite, you don't want to overwhelm them with massive platters of ambrosia. And -even though when they delivered the small bowls of tear-jerkingly-delectable curry we wondered if we would need to order more--we actually had enough to take home. Plus, when filling up the takeout boxes, we found ourselves shamelessly scraping the bottom of each and every quaint little bowl. Why only 4 stars? I haven't tried everything and look forward to updating this with another happy stomach and an additional star. Prices may be seen as somewhat steep for the quantity of food. But again I say, quality my friends, quality.
5	Saturday night, no reservations, place was busy, but they sat us immediatly! We frequent several Indian Restarant in the valley and have traveled in India fairly extensivly.  The food was beautiful!  Nicely prepared, absolutely delish.  First rate!Service was outstanding! There is a little grocery store next door and we stocked up on some of our favorite foods while there.  They had some of the Indian pastries that I love but rarely can find.  The owner of the grocery store and the restarant was manning the cash register.  He was extremly kind and helpful.  Go there, you won't be disappointed!
3	The Dhaba is a little far from us, but since we were in Tempe we stopped in and were glad we did.  I loved the Saag Paneer -- it had just the right amount of kick and the cheese was spongy and not hard.  The naan was good, as was the rice, and my husband liked his Lamb Vindaloo.  The chai was also very good, and made even better by the free refills. :)   We didn't have any problems with service at all; to the contrary, even though there were only two staff members there, everyone was polite and attentive.  Why just three stars, you ask?  I knocked it two points for the portion size relative to the price.  I'm willing to pay more for quality food, sure, but it'd be nice if there was at least more of it.  The food was very good, but I think other Indian restaurants have comparable quality food for more reasonable prices.  The store next door is a lot of fun to browse, and if you're out to get fed for cheap, try their web site or Restaurant.com before you go -- both usually have coupons.
4	This place is consistently good!!!  The lamb korma is excellent, creamy with pine nuts you can actually taste and the lamb is not fatty. Tandoori dishes always smell amazing, I keep meaning to try them, but get distracted by the curries because they are so good. The naan is ok, I always get Paratha because I like it better. The service is a little slow, but the food is worth it. Also, they have street treats on the menu that always make me want to drool, but they are never available when we are there :(
5	A perfect little gem! Food was amazing, service was great and did I mention the food??? We started with the paneer pakore with curried chickpeas and oh my god! So good and not too filling. I ordered the spicy butter chicken and my date ordered the curried chicken. We were both in heaven. I can't wait to go back!
4	a guy at work told me about this place so i decided to phone in an order from my car after work i tmust say it took me 3 times to get somebody on the line, i think they may own the store next door and thats who was answering the phone in a heavy indian accent after my 3rd attempt i finally got a employ/family member im guessing the daughter who spoke clear english i told her ihad not been there before and did not have a menu but between my semi knowledg te of indian food and a few  sugestions from her i got some great dishes spinich dish w/chicken a spicy curry lamb dish and a great vegi dish rice and naan yummmmy
4	The best word to sum up my experience would be "IMPRESSED". Upon walking in, the decor is beautiful, I love the authentic looking place settings, and the lighting  just gave an all around warm feel to this small space. And even though the restaurant is very small I didn't feel like they had the tables packed in there, so we were all sitting on top of one another or stuck listening to anyone's conversation. Our server was very nice and informative, and was really helpful when selecting the perfect variety of dishes. When our food arrived it was amazingly flavorful and portion size was more than enough for leftovers. Which were just as delicious the next day.
3	I had chicken biryani here..what they served was not even close..din't look or taste like biryani..it was more like pulao/sambar rice(another rice-based Indian dish)..but they do have very delicious entrees...go for the entrees, no biryani please..
5	i really liked the food here. i would be kidding myself if i wrote that i remembered what i ordered, but it was vegan. the menu is enormous and it took us about 10 minutes to get through it. however, the staff never rushed us. in fact, they offered assistance in deciphering what we might best be suited for. and you know what else is great? they actually play indian music in the background...and have an indian hostess! for 2 entrees, a mango lassi, an app, a garlic naan....50 bucks. with a coupon...20 bucks. had plenty of leftovers for another meal.check out the store next door. it has those microwave indian stews that you add rice. these packets are so delicious and quick.
5	I had bought a restaurant.com gift cert for this place so we decided to try it out friday night. It's a small eatery in an Indian "plaza". Once seated I immediately noticed the pewter-style dish and water cup on the table. Not the norm so it was a nice, unique touch. We ordered a vegetarian-style appetizer platter with fried cheese, potato-filled dumplings, and other veggie delights. It was amazing! My man ordered the vegetable-dumpling stew and I ordered the kidney beans. We got an order of basmati rice and garlic naan to go with it. With all of this and the crispy thing you get in the beginning (I'm not sure what it's called), we were stuffed and had leftovers for lunch the next day. Our water glasses were repeatedly refilled, which is always a plus for me.  The menu is huge but broken down into veggie options, chicken, lamb, etc. I've been to other Indian restaurants where the food was equally good, but I enjoy the different touches such as the dinnerware. Not to mention the attentive service.  We'll be back!
3	I recommend the chicken tikka masala! It has a small quaint atmosphere. This is your basic nice Indian food spot.
3	As I am writing this for whatever reason the Punjab Pimp Daler Mehndi is thumping in my head " Tunook, Tunook mmm Da Da Da". I first want to mention the extreme politeness I get whenever I call to place a take out order. They, unlike other Indian cuisine restaurants want my business...yours too; and it shows. The menu is very broad which I love. They have full vegan entrees, although I am not close to being vegan I do love alot of vegetable dishes and DHABA has many. The vegetable "meatballs" are outstanding. I have never had a bad meal hear although some of my favorite go-to foods I can find better eleswhere. So everytime I do eat here I get something new. My go to items by the way are Mushroom Matar, Palak paneer and a protein i.e. Lamb, goat or chicken. The dishes here always are fresh, fragrant, plentiful, bright and overall spiced very nice. I prefer VERY HOT food in temperature and they nail it; I prefer my food extremely hot in spice too which they tend to be mellow on for my taste buds. Please, Sir Chef...Go on and hurt me with the magical indian spices, it's ok. If I order a ten it should be blazing!! With all this said DHABA is unique in it's offerings, clean in presentation and overall a pretty good Indian joint!! I will continue to eat there. If you are an employee of ANY INDIAN restaurant in Arizona here me now. You are from the continent ASIA....take a cue from your counterparts and GIVE RICE WITH DISHES FOR FREE. JUST PLAIN WHITE RICE!! I do get irked that this cuisine charges for this plain starch.
3	I went here last night with a party of 4.  The place was pretty busy for 7pm on a Wednesday night so luckily I made a reservation and we were seated promptly.The service was very friendly and helpful but pretty unattentive.  This was probably because there were way to many tables with way too many people and not enough waiters/waitresses/servers.  There were only 3 people  plus the cook(s) doing everything and they were clearly overwhelmed.The other thing I didn't like was the menu.  It had far too many choices.  There were probably 200+ dishes on the thing.  So we basically gave up and everyone ordered a different kind of dish so we could all share.  We ended up getting a chicken dish, a shrimp dish, a vegetarian dish, and some sort of meat sampler thing.  We also ordered an appetizer sampler thing, some rice and some naan.Everything was very good and full of unique flavors.  I've never been to India and have only eaten Indian food 3 other times, but I thought the food here was very good.  The only problem with it was the price.  It was ridiculously priced for what you get.  The actual portion size is actually pretty good, but charging $15 for 5 shrimp or 5 pieces of lamb is ridiculous.  It is even more ridiculous because nothing comes with sides.  Everything is a la carte.  My wife got some kind of meat sampler (which came out a full 10 minutes before the rest of our meals) and it was laughable that it was $20. Anyway, this place pretty much robs you.  Luckily we had a certificate from Local Dines - http://bit.ly/dfR4eQ - which lessened the blow a bit but I was still pissed.  So, if you must go, get the certificate and you'll be glad you did.
1	I have eaten at way better Indian restaurants out here. The Malai Koftas were rock hard, and the Biryani was nothing more than Pulav. Someone please tell them the difference. Just not worth it!
5	Been twice to this place. The food is out of this world. We went yesterday and had the goat (which was the best thing we ate the first time), the chicken with spinach (upon recommendation of the waitress), the garlic naan and pistachio, cashew/almond naan, and the chickpeas. (I'm sorry for not remembering the Indian names of any plates.  Take your pick as to which tasted best.  This is delicious food. If you like Indian, I don't think you can find food better than this. And if you do, let me know where to go get it.
2	It's average Indian, not bad.  Flavor was OK for the tikka masala and the goat curry.  Naan was very disappointing -- more like pita bread than naan. I would give the food 3-stars.  However, for what you get, it's pricey, so I knocked off one star.  I would not be going back there because I can't justify the price for what I get in return.
1	I enjoy Indian food, but this place had the worst service.  We had a table of 6 and some people got their food in 15 minutes, some people got their food in an hour.  What a horrible experience.
3	The owner sent me a message and wanted to see if there was anything he can do.  Glad to hear from him.  Also, this review was from quite some time ago.  I updated with 3 stars because the owner really seems to care about this place.  Thanks.
5	My first experience at The Dhaba was excellent. The food is rich and flavorful, and the vindaloo packs quite a punch. The staff is friendly and took great care of us. We'll definitely be returning.
5	I wrote a review for this last week, but just realized that I should have posted it here, rather than under "Indian Plaza."I have been here three times, and each time I wonder how I have lasted so long without this food. Just last week I had a lunch special (a very good deal) that came with a drink, mango lettuce salad, the best freshly baked naan bread I've ever had, mint yogurt sauce, rice, lentils, and my main entree of vegetarian dumplings in a creamy tomato sauce. Delicious! I was completely full, but I didn't feel gross like some American restaurants leave me feeling. I still had room for some hot chai tea made from scratch. It was perfect just as it was, without any sweetener.The first time I went our server was nice but not so attentive; this last week the service was excellent. I never had an empty glass, and our food was quick to arrive. The ambience is intimate - a great place to go on a date or catch up with an old friend.This is a true Tempe treasure!
5	Love this place, and I'm here on Valentine's Day with the people I love.  Coincidence?  No, you can thank Groupon and the fact that we didn't get a baby sitter, and, did I mention, my wife also loves this place.  What about grandma you ask?  Does she love this place?  Who knows, she's coming anyway.  The menu now indicates such things as gluten free, vegetarian, and vegan for each item.  That's good because I avoid those categories like cooked carrots and water chestnuts.  Orders are served on an arrangement of copper bowls.  The chicken vindaloo is actually a little spicy. Seating is limited, so a reservation is recommended.  I'll see you at The Dhaba.  I just feel cool saying the name. . . to myself as I finish typing this review.
3	I feel badly about giving this small family-run (I would guess) business only 3 stars considering the service was excellent and the food was cooked to perfection, but I just don't like this non-fat style of Indian cooking which seems to be popular in Phoenix.  Give me the butter and creams they usually cook with and I'm much happier.That said, this place looks kinda dumpy from the outside, but inside it is pleasantly...well, pleasant.  Clean and cute and homey.If you are a spicy Indian food fan (which I am not cause I don't like it when my lips burn), this place is for you.  They did serve a mango rice pudding that was so beautifully presented I almost felt guilty eating it.  Almost...course, that didn't stop me from slurping it down to the bottom of the dish.  Yeah....it was good.Reasonable prices for sure, great service, good food...it was just not my style is all.
4	My brother and I decided to get some take out and thought this would be a great place to try. We shared curry chicken, the Lakhnavi Shahi Paneer,  an order of rice and order of garlic naan.Everything was very fresh and tasty. However, the Lakhnavi Shahi Paneer really stood out. It was probably the best Indian dish I've ever tasted. I'm already itching to go back and try more dishes on the menu!Also -love that they stay open til 10!
5	The Dhaba was a real treat!  I went on a weekday evening about 8:30pm and was surprised how busy it was.  First good sign. The two of us were immediately seated and served chilled water in the most interesting copper goblets.  A selction of chutney and papadum came right away as well.  The Hostess was also our server, She took our beverage order while we began a strategy of what to order.  The menu was very extensive and contained many items I had never heard of before. Despite the wide array of choices we stayed pretty basic, choosing a paneer masala, chicken tikka, a savory chick pea dish and of course basmati rice and naan.  The meal came quickly and was the freshest I think I have ever had.  Every bite was phenomenal.From the Service to the dishes and everything in between made this experience truly memorable.  I cannot wait to go back!!The only thing I would change- Now I am being hyper critical, would be the lighting.  It was very bright for an evening meal.  I guess it made me appreciate the appearance of the food easier.
4	I loved this place!  Cute decor, nice staff & GREAT food!  Will be back for sure.  First time using Dining Local and it was a win.
3	The food is excellent, but grossly overpriced for what you get if you don't go for one of the weekday lunch specials. Friendly service, interesting decor, plus it's fun to check out the other shops The Dhaba shares its building with.
5	Best Indian food in the Valley as far as I'm concerned. The service has always been beyond terrific and the food is awesome. I really can't say anything bad about The Dhaba.(Well, once the rice was overcooked, but it was just once.)It's also a great place for families...they always treat our daughter like a grandkid when we're there.
4	Last night was my first time at The Dhaba and I will definitely be back! We had a reservation for 3 at 7:30 on a Wednesday night and were not seated until after 8pm. This is my ONLY complaint about the restaurant after eating there. It was definitely worth the wait.We ordered Tandoori Chicken, Chicken Korma, Chicken Tikka Masala, Lamb Vindaloo, and rice and naan, of course. The portions look small, and we did not take home any leftovers, but we were full to the point of bursting when we left. We also had a bottle of wine, and I intended to try the Chai Masala but I will have to save it for next time. The meal itself was by far the best indian food I have ever had. I tend to gravitate more towards masalas and vindaloos for the most part, and theirs were excellent, but I was absolutely blown away by the Korma. Nutty, creamy, sweet, spicy - perfect! I scraped the bowl and my plate clean with naan, and will go back for this dish alone over and over and over again.The service was friendly, helpful while ordering, and unobtrusive throughout the rest of the meal, which I like. My water stayed full and that was all I needed. Having to wait after making a reservation was initially somewhat off-putting, but this minor annoyance was forgiven the moment we tried the food. Maybe next time we will make a reservation slightly earlier than we want to eat.
4	I am pretty new to Indian cuisine. I have only had it a few times at parties, or events at work. I have liked most of what I have tried. A few months ago Groupon offered a deal for The Dhaba, and based on a recommendation from a friend I decided to take advantage of the offer. Guess What? I totally forgot  until a day or two before the offer ran out. So, I quickly got a group together and made reservations for Thursday night which was the final night of the offer. When we arrived it was apparent that I was not the only doofus that waited until the last night. The restaurant was packed, and people were outside waiting. The hostess was actually turning people without  reservation away. I was so glad that I had made a reservation, because we were seated within 5 minutes of arriving. The downside was that we waited over 20 minutes for a server to come to our table.My group decided to order three appetizers and three main dishes. Appetizers:* Paneer pakora* Punjabi murgh (chicken) pakora* Punjabi vegetable platter featuring veggie and paneer pakora.THE WINNER: The Punjabi vegetable platter. We laughed saying they tasted like Bloomin' Onions only different. The chicken was also very good, but the paneer pakora was a bit bland.Main Entrees: * Dhaba chicken korma * Dhaba lamb curry* Achari lamb. THE WINNER: Dhaba Chicken korma. It was so creamy and had a rich nutty flavor. I felt bad. I really didn't want to share.  Both of the lamb dishes were good, but I found them to be excessively salty. The Achari Lamb was way to spicy for my taste.The service was ok given that they were understaffed and extremely busy, but I will let this slide since I waited until the last night to use the Groupon deal. I will tell you. I am a Dhaba fan, and I will definitely go back.
5	Bought the deal chicken for our trip to AZ from So Cal. The food had plenty of flavor and was delicious. Ordered a chicken, lamb, fish and rice dish and wasn't disappointed. The spice level 3 of 10 had plenty of kick. The service was very good. I would definitely come back to the Dhaba when visiting AZ again.
5	Updating with an extra star because we went back today with a reservation at 6 and were sat immediately. The food was heaven and the korma was maybe even better than last time!
5	Dhaba is amazing! The Chicken Tikka is delish! I've gone 3 times with an Indian friend who also says it's some of the best she's had in the Valley. The place is charming and food is great. They offer a lot of deals on different sites (restaurant.com & groupon-like sites, so look for them!) Yum Yum!
5	The Dhaba is definitely one of the best Indian food restaurants in the Valley by far!!!  The other one we like is the Dheli Palace for their lunch buffet.  We usually try a lunch buffet first before deciding whether to invest in dinner cause Indian cuisine is very pricey. Due to all the rave reviews we decided to go for it and have become fans ever since.  We are always surprised when the place is not so busy because the food is excellent.  I think the fact that they do not have a buffet has something to do with this.  For most who are not familiar with the cuisine of India, ordering can be a daunting task which is why buffets really work with Indian food.  I am of Indian decent (1st generation) so I know my way around the dishes and have been able to guide both friends and family through the rich assortment of Indian dishes, but if you don't have a guide it can be a little scary, just saying, a buffet might be the way to go to give business a boost.  We love the Dhaba, give it a shot you will not be disappointed.
4	The food is great but its a little pricey for a poor college student like me. The food is really awesome though so I suppose it's worth it. It's also a great place for a nice little romantic date. Out of all the Indian restaurants I've been to in the valley this one has the nicest atmosphere. I especially like to browse the little Indian market next door when I've finished eating.
5	Let me first thank Yelp Deals for brining this into my life. Let me then thank the abundance of Yelp employees I know who brought Yelp Deals into my life and thus brought The Dhaba into my life. "The Dhaba," just like every item on your menu, I have no idea what you mean. I can only assume it translates into "super delicious," "super freaken delicious," "slice of god," or purely "pure exctacy." I don't eat Indian food that often, I'm not sure why, but maybe its because I'm a moron. After dining at The Dhaba, I not only want to make Indian food a part of my life, I think I now want to marry an Indian woman, who will cook Indian food for me for the rest of my days on this plante. I will take care of everything else in our lives as long as you make me the standard seven meals a day.I can't think of anything bad to say about this place. Top of the line food, great service, great decor, and did I mention how much I like the food. I guess the one downfall is that it is in Tempe, which means you have a greater chance of running into ASU types. Besides the repulsion of dining with ASU things, this is a tasty restaurant that I recommend to anyone who is not stunted with the stupid genes.
4	Before today I had only one experience with Indian food.  It came in the form of an eating challenge in New York City.  It was fun but not very tasty and left me with a flaming mouth and weak bowels.A friend wanted to try and Indian place in her neck of the woods.  I checked Yelp and saw that the reviews for this place were bad so I mentioned The Dhaba.  The reviews were good, I always wanted to try it and it's right across the street from my place.  Very happy we dropped by.  The restaurant was on the small side but had enough tables to accommodate anyone that dropped by.  The decor was nice and I especially liked the metal water glasses.  Very cool.I ordered garlic naan and a lamb curry dish.  The naan was fantastic and the lamb was great.  The naan provided a great way to scoop up the excess curry.  For my beverage I selected a tasty Indian beer.My friend ordered a veggie sandwich stuffed with potatoes that she really enjoyed.  She also ordered little bits of chicken tenders.  These were fantastic.  The breading was good and the chicken had a little kick.If you check in you will get a free desert.  However I was not offered a choice.  It was mandatory rice pudding.  It's not what I wanted but since it was free I made no complaint.  I could take or leave the rice pudding.Service was prompt and attentive.  Be prepared to spend some money.  The Dhaba isn't cheap.  Our bill came in just under $50.  It's not the type of place I can afford to eat at on a regular basis but it's fantastic for a special occasion.If you're a fan of Indian food or looking for something new, I don't think The Dhaba will disappoint.
5	Love this place.  Vegetarian offerings are fantastic and plentiful.  The restaurant is honestly a tad small but this has never been too much of a problem in the few times that I've visited.
5	Best Lamb Chops ever. Briyani was awful (curry mixed with rice and was very spicy) but why care about Briyani when other dishes are very nice.
3	I think maybe the BF and I are cursed.... I believe that this restaurant is awesome, but we just came at the wrong day and time. We went here tonight with a deal chicken deal that was like 44$ for 92$ worth of food that included: four beers/glasses of wine, two apps, two mains, two sides, two desserts, and two chai teas. Well... the place was overrun by a table of about 20... so the service was slow and they ran out of chai, only having enough to give us like half of one glass. Also, they only brought us each one drink.... so I felt like that was kind of lame, especially considering we had to pay tax and 18% tip on '92$' worth of food, when we really got maybe 65$ worth of food.... pretty lame. Other than that, the place was good. We got the fried paneer, which I actually wasn't a huge fan of... kind of bland, but then I've never had paneer, so that may just be what it tastes like. The app with the fluffy bread and chickpea curry was really good. The bread was almost like a savory donut or something.... yum. For mains we got chicken tikka masala and  lamb korma. I usually love the CTM, but I think the pieces of chicken were too big, which made them kind of dry and not as flavorful as it could be. The lamb korma, however, was wonderful! The meat was super tender and the curry was great. They also had good basmati rice and garlic naan. For dessert I got their 'ice cream' which is more ice -y than creamy... almost like frozen rice or something... but it was very good. The BF got the rice pudding and enjoyed it. We also enjoyed the chai (what we got of it anyway....). So I would probably return and eat way less food.... but maybe I'll be more picky when it comes to using deals at this place, as it didn't really turn out to be a deal at all.
4	The Dhaba is the Indian restaurant that I frequent almost monthly. Yes, I order the same two dishes all the time because they're very good. Chicken Tikka Masala and Butter chicken. (They're soo good!) Unfortunately, here they pretty much taste the same. It's not the best Indian food I've ever eaten, but it sure is one of the better Indian restaurants in the Valley. I've also tried the Spinach chicken/Saag. Was pretty disappointed (came out very bland and no spice at all). Maybe it was an off night for this. Consistency is very important to me in a restaurant and usually this place delivers. 4 stars for creating tasty food and great Naan overall, but lacking that extra deliciousness for a perfect score.  Service is good. You will have multiple servers throughout your dining experience. This is often a good thing! The downside: there's usually a long wait on the weekends. Very long wait! If you're on the fence about trying it, I'd say just go for it! You'll most likely enjoy it! At least I keep coming back for more...
5	Wow!  My wife and I have been going all around Scottsdale & Tempe sampling different Indian food, and The Dhaba is our new favorite!  The onion pakora were seasoned and spiced perfectly. Lamb kofta was great, the meat was super tender.  We ordered "medium" spice level, but it seemed pretty mild to us.  Spice level is all relative of course, just sayin'.It's a pretty small place, we didn't have reservations (Saturday night at 8pm-ish) and waited about 20 minutes.  Not bad at all, but it was just 2 of   us, so if you have larger party be sure and call ahead.  Food service was quick.
3	I enjoyed my trip to The Dhaba.  I have never eaten Indian food before so my wife wanted me to try it, because she loves it so much.  We ordered a veggie platter, which was amazing.  The fried onion treats were exceptional.  The chicken tikka masala was also very good.  Unfortunately the lamb boti kabab was very disappointing.  It was so dry and tasteless, no joke it was like boot leather.  I even asked the waitress if it was supposed to be that dry and she said, "everything here is well done," but quite honestly that was a disgrace.  Lamb should be moist and delicious this was like steak that you get at Denny's at 2:30am.As a side note there gulab jamun was breath taking.  I'm not a desert guy but I would suggest this to anyone try.The Dhaba is on http://www.restaurant.com/ so you can get a great discount and I would give the green light to try it just don't order the lamb.
3	This place was tried on a whim which had to do with all the rave reviews. While I enjoyed the food, it is far from the best Indian cuisine I've had in the valley. My husband had never really had Indian, so I was excited to expose him to my favorite dishes. The veggie platter was delicious, as was the chicken tikka masala. My only complaint was the lack of chicken in the dish.  We ordered the lamb boti kabab and I was disappointed. The juicy tender lamb I was expecting ended up being dry and leathery. The waitress offered no apology except to tell us that "everything is cooked well done". This was beyond well done.  The highlight of the evening was their gulab jamun! So light and delicate and perfectly cooked!  Would I go back? Perhaps. But I think I'll keep hunting for better Indian restaurants in the east valley.
5	The food is really great. A couple of us went in there a week or so ago to try it out. Neither of us are too familiar with Indian food and we were a little concerned, but it was amazing. Everything we had was delicious. The restaurant was very clean and the service was excellent. We weren't a fan of the desserts, but everything else was very good. The portions are large, so we had plenty to take home. We will definitely be back soon to try some other items.
4	I'm quite impressed with The Dhaba.  It's a little small restaurant surrounded in what is called the India Plaza in Tempe.  Truthfully, I can't pronounced what we ordered, but it was damn good.  My friend ordered some Marsala that was pretty awesome -- which I can at least say Marsala haha!  Overall the food was a excellent!Service was okay and quick, however the CC issue kinda got to me when they couldn't charge 2 -- Yes 2 different CC correctly.Ambience was probably my favorite.  The decors where pretty authentic I gathered and felt like I was transformed to a time -- where all storys start with "Long Ago".  Metal plates and water cups, what shall we sacrifice next har har!
3	The food is way too spicy and the numbering system for spiciness levels is definitely off. We ordered a 4 and a 5 spiciness level. The difference between the two were more like a 7 and a 10. Even for a spice loving Indian, this Indian food place was way off.  The naan is superb. Don't bother ordering the tandoori roti. Quite a disappointment. Also the shrimp were spectacular(too spicy) but still very good. Keep in mind that you might need reservations if you go on weekends or holidays. Just call ahead. The ambiance inside is quite nice and a job well done.
1	i chose this place and took 3 other people with me, and WOW was i embarassed about picking this place. none of us were happy, in fact we were all pretty unhappy. the business owner/manager wasn't the best with customer service nor communication. the appetizer was okay but then all of the entrees were .... well, gross. we hardly touched our food. the owner seemed irked when she saw our plates full and made things very uncomfortable. if you want delicious indian in a pleasant environment, this is NOT it.  :(
5	I have eaten Indian food at several restaurants and I truly believe this is the best I've had. It is very flavorful, authentice cuisine. Everytime I have had Indian food somewhere else after eating here, I have been disappointmed. Although it takes a while to place an order and receive your food, it is clearly family owned and operated so I don't even mind.
4	The Dhaba is my favorite Indian restaurant in the Valley. The only reason I'm not giving it 5 stars is because the service can be a bit slow at times.I love the decor and the ambiance. It's a small restaurant but it's beautifully decorated. It's much nicer in the inside than it looks on the outside.I read quite a few people complain about the prices. I've always thought their prices were a tad bit high, until this last visit, when I noticed on the dinner menu 3 "full meal experience" choices. I got the vegetarian version for $12. It came with a salad (delicious!), a generous helping of naan (their naan is incredible!), daal (lentil stew), rice, yogurt, and the main course, which was a garbanzo bean dish. The final course was rice pudding and chai tea. I was full and happy for $12! My boyfriend got the lamb and chicken option, which was $17, but still a good deal for the amount of food he got. We both thoroughly enjoyed the "full meal experience" and would order them again. They also have a new rewards card for repeat customers, which is great.
4	We (Husband and I) love The Dhaba. Our first two visits were pretty different from each other, so we waited until our third visit to formulate a solid opinion on the place. It's a very thorough four stars for us!The food is five-star good. It's that simple.We love the crisp, cumin-laced poppadums (spelled many ways once translated to English: pappadams, papadums, etc.) they serve while you wait for your order and the choice of three sauces. Husband dips with the chili sauce; I mix the sweet tamarind sauce and the chili sauce.Their chicken tikka masala contains very tender chicken, and consistently has a nice spice blend, level of cilantro, and velvety texture. We find it sometimes has a little less chicken in it than the chicken makhani (makhani murgh), and Husband isn't a sauce guy, but he orders it every time anyway.The murgh makhani (often translated as butter chicken) is tied for the best I've ever had. The sauce is a rich, as the name would suggest, blend of butter, pureed tomato, and cream, and it is studded with plump golden sultanas (NOT RAISINS, GUYS--these are not hard, chewy blobs) and cashews. The chicken has its trademark bright red skin and is so, so, so tender. Seriously. So tender.Their mango lassis are the best I've ever had, and I've had Indian all over the place--NYC, London... they are thick, fruity, and perfectly sweet, which means not overly sweet, not under-sweetened.The garlic naan is superb; we always order two. They use real minced garlic and it is always a nice balance of crisp and tender. No gummy naan at The Dhaba.Great gulab jamun, but like most Indian places, they cost quite a bit.The service is where I quibble--the staff are super nice, and super personable. The kitchen just seems to be slow. Our first visit, we waited a longish time, but not so much that we noticed anything out of the ordinary. On our second visit, we waited a full fifty minutes from the time we ordered to the time we received any food--naan included. It all came out together fifty minutes after we ordered it. Eek. There were only a few other patrons in the restaurant at the time, too. The food was still blow-our-minds good, so we decided to give them one more chance, and we're glad we did, because the wait was very reasonable our third time, and the staff especially attentive. (AND they brought the naan out for us to graze on while we waited--perfect.)In short--eat at The Dhaba. The food is outstanding, the wait time is tolerable, and the staff are kind.
4	We absolutely loved The Dhaba.  From the moment we walked in, we knew we were in for a treat.  It's a quaint little restaurant in the Indian Plaza, and the place settings were what really caught my attention.  Now here's a little breakdown of my rating:- Service.  Extremely friendly, family oriented and always knew when to come to the table.  Drinks were refilled accordingly, and the owner is so darn nice.  She gave great suggestions and even brought out a surprise dessert for my fiance's birthday.  - Food.  We ordered:Udta Panchi - chicken wings marinated in Dhaba spices and baked in a clay oven.  Absolutely delicious and extremely moist!  Garlic and Khasta Keema Naan (minced lamb stuffed naan).  The textures were wonderful.  Lightly crispy on the outside and delectably soft and chewy on the inside.  The chutneys were delicious as well.Chicken Tikka Masala - of course a signature dish of most Indian restaurants.  It was flavorful and had great body.  Smothered this on rice and scooped it up with the naans, and you've got yourself one killer meal!Sikandri Jhinga Saag (shrimp and spinach with herbs and spices - almost like an Indian creamed spinach - just no cream) - light and flavorful and accompanied the other dishes quite well.  Great with the naan and a little bit of chutney.The only reason I wouldn't rate this restaurant 5 stars is because I would actually like to experience the consistency of their service and food quality.  There are many fantastic Indian restaurants I've been to, and although I loved Dhaba - it still comes in a close second to another Indian restaurant that I enjoy going to out here in Vegas.  But I'll tell you what - Dhaba was unforgettable. My fiance and I still talk about our meal, so maybe they do deserve that extra star.  ;)
3	Dhaba is considered an authentic Punjabi cuisine.  I have been to many North Indian cuisine restaurants, and I have an idea of what most of the dishes are.  Unfortunately with the Dhaba, you would have some of the similar lingo, but the name would be so long with other adjectives or Punjabi words that confused the heck out of me.  We finally figured out what we wanted, and ordered from our cute waitress.  We got the chana masala, palak paneer, and mutter paneer. For breads we got garlic naan and something else with a sweet taste.The food was average at best, and the portion sizes were extremely small.  I had a Groupon for $30 for $60, and I can see the Groupon covering up the lack of quantity.  The ambiance is this place is pretty well light and glowing for a nice date who wants to try ethnic cuisines.  It is a decent place, but I would not come here if you really hungry.
4	pretty scrumptious.we had so much food it was nuts. my friend had a restaurants.com coupon so we went to town. we ordered the takki nakki (jk i dont remember the name) it was potato pancake with onions and other amazing things. it was so insanely good...you must get it. it's one of the most recommended things in the yelp reviews and it's a starter so look for it. then we ordered the chicken fritters. they were basically like indian style chicken nuggets. curry and mango served with a garbanzo bean dipping sauce. pretty good.then we ordered the full experience meal. it came with chicken tandoori, indian style fried rice (amazing), chicken or lamb curry, a salad, a dessert (we got one of both and the rice pudding was the way to go) and chai tea.i loved the little crispy thing they served before our meals with sauces. so amazing. we also ordered garlic naan which was amazing. the service was weird. there's a girl who fills up your water but she doesn't answer any questions. you have to wait for the hostess/waitress. she was super sweet but it was slow. once you order, the food comes quickly and there is just so much food. if you like bland food, don't come here you boring white person! jk. kinda. be advernturous
5	Excellent atmosphere and wonderful service! The food is the best Indian/Pakastani food I have ever had. This was my second time going and I plan to return again. Also be sire to check out their store next door. Awesome place!
2	Overrated place. Great for Americans. It of you want real quality Indian food there is better to be had in Tempe. Nice atmosphere here but it's definitely in a bad neighborhood.The bottom line was this place could be a bit closer to 4 stars if it were not for the super tiny portion size. They are really trying to keep people on a diet in this place. It's no Kebab or India Gate in the quality dept IMO.
4	Classy food, very good ambience & great deals always!! :) I've known Dhaba since its inception & the quality of food has always been impeccable. Veg Korma, Malai Kofta & the sampler platter are some of the favorites. One of the best restaurants in Tempe & a must visit for very good Indian food.
4	We had a coupon for this restaurant from restaurant.com... excellent choice for New Year's Day lunch.  Interesting assortment of menu items, good service (mostly)... some observations1.  There are some appetizer menu items that are purported to be "Indian Street treats".  We have come across these before... excellent!  We tried the papdi chaat, which proved superior to others we've had.  (If this is what people eat on the streets of India, perhaps it's time to visit...)2.  They offer thali platters, which doesn't seem common in Phoenix.  Wonderful to have a variety of tastes to try.  "Medium" spice was not very hot.3. Two different servers were taking care of our table.  They kept repeating each other's actions.  We asked for a box, one went to get a box... the other comes up and cheerfully asks, "Would you like a box?"  Same with dessert and the check.4.  The unisex bathroom is designed such that if you are sitting (hovering) on the toilet, you are face-to-face with a urinal.We will go back.  Especially if another restaurant.com coupon appears.
3	nice place , had somosa, naan, veggie korma, saag and vindaloo.. food i would give. ( on a scale of 1-10 a 6.5...) food was good but off a bit on the flavor. one of the better places I've been to in AZ for indian tho...i would come again...
2	At 1pm on a Wednesday we were the only customers.  Service was friendly, but slow. The 2 servers/manager were too busy chatting on the phone in the back or eating their own lunch.  Another group departing as we came in seemed to be waiting at the front counter for about 10 minutes for the girl in the office to finish her phone call and close their tab.  Food was good, reasonably priced for a lunch combo with more than enough food.  3 of us ordered the lunch special (2 vegetarian, 1 chicken) which were all good, although the heat level was off.  The 2 vegetarians asked for heat level 3 (offered range of 1-10) while the chicken was requested as a 9.  Both came out around a 5. Why bother asking if you're not going to follow through.  Portions were good but oddly served.  Lunch combo includes salad, chutneys, rice, naan, entree, side, and desert.  For our group of 3 we were served 2 bowls of rice and 2 pieces of naan. We didn't run out, so it was ok, but seemed odd when everything else was served in individual dishes.  We had to ask for the salad and chutneys which were forgotten.  Masala Chai tea (which to me is the barometer of quality for any restaurant) was just ok. Too much fennel/anise flavor, and too thick/heavy being made with a lot of whole milk.  I checked in on yelp (which is how I found the place, after my first choice and favorite Udupi turned out to be closed/out of business!).  Yelp specified it was open for lunch, and offered a $15 for $25 coupon, which I purchased.  It wasn't until the end of the meal and attempting to pay that I was rudely told the promo wasn't valid with the lunch special.  I told her that wasn't mentioned in the terms, she made some excuse and wandered off.   I decided I'd just take it up with Yelp later, and put my card in the folio.  Unfortunately she disappeared and after about 10 minutes of waiting I tracked her down in the office behind the hostess stand, knocking on the door and interrupting her personal phone call.  At that point I was getting upset. with the service and called her out on the yelp promo, insisting that the only restrictions are that it's not valid for takeout or on Fridays/Saturdays. She disagreed but finally said she'd honor it and wrote down the promo code and adjusted my bill.Overall the food was good but service was unacceptable. Portions and prices if ordering the lunch combo were reasonable but ala-carte and dinner menu pricing were excessive and the portions are probably the same judging by other reviews.  I would not return given the variety of other Indian options in the area.
5	Wow -- this place is great...but small....   Be prepared to wait for a table -- especially on the weekends -- but the wait is worth it.     Service can be sporadic -- sometimes great, sometimes inattentive.........But I can overlook the quirkiness of this place as soon as the excellent food arrives.   Have tried many, many land and chicken dishes -- each perfectly and uniquely spiced -- with high quality ingredients.  The rice is always perfect, and the bread selection (Garlic Naan and Onion Kulcha are favorites) are always fresh, slightly crisp, and delicious
5	This little restaurant may serve up the best Indian fare I have ever eaten.  It is indeed a rather small and unpretentious place in the center of Indian Plaza.  There might be ten tables at most and reservations are a must.  They actually had to turn away people while we were eating.  The menu is enormous, the foods well described and the choices unique--even for Punjabi cuisine.  The chili stuffed Naan was delicious and different.  The chicken vindaloo was rich and fragrant, if a little on the tepid side of the heat scale for me-- but then again just about all food is unless I order it spicy.  The okra was the best I have ever had and my wife's chicken tikki was superb.  The food was served quickly and the servers were friendly although a bit distracted.  We drove 45 minutes from Anthem to eat here and we will return.  I highly recommend The Dhaba.
5	The tikka masala is to die for.  Love the food here.  The staff is also super patient about explaining the menu.  This is far from home but I'll still make the journey.  I hav dreams about the tikka masala.
3	First up, certainly not the best Indian food in the city. Having said that, not bad either if you are in the vicinity. I'm obviously picky about this cuisine as its native to me but I also know I won't get close to tasty food here. Having said that, it's good if you want to try Indian food. I had the chaat, not authentic but refreshing. Little India in Tempe has better flavor. For the main course had the saag murgh ( spinach chicken) and goat curry. The goat was better. The dessert however was quite good. Got the Kheer ( rice pudding) which was very flavorful. The ambience is nice, the service a little slow but the staff quite friendly but not sure how well they know their stuff. You won't be disappointed by your experience but you won't come back blown away either.
4	Good Indian food.
3	We went to celebrate a classmate's birthday and had a really good time.  I adored the tableware: it was heavy and had a "medieval" feel.   The lunch special is a really good deal.  I'm not a fan of paneer and that was the day's veggie lunch special, so  I got the veggie wrap instead.  It was excellent!  So were the fries (more fries please!).  The waitresses weren't that personable and although the lunch special includes dessert, they asked my friends if they still wanted it.  Huh? I didn't have a lunch special, so I used my handy dandy Yelp check in offer for a free dessert, so I could get some rice pudding.  I've been eating rice pudding all my life and have had many different versions.  Liquidy rice pudding? No thanks.  Thank God we had a terrific birthday cake.
5	My girlfriend and I love this place. Not only is the food beyond delicious, I think the portions are fine and the service is second to none. The woman who manages could not be nicer and the gentleman who works the shop next door (and who I suspect is the owner) is always making sure that we had a superb dinner. We do enjoy trying different Indian restaurants in town, but we still count The Dhaba as the standard by which all others are to be measured.I wish these folks the very best. Even good restaurants come and go in this economy and I want The Dhaba to be around for a long, long time.
4	Nice smaller restaurant. Good service. Awesome vegetable korma.
5	The Dhaba IS the best Indian restaurant in Phoenix.  Located near ASU, it's in a good location.  You would expect to find a lot of students there given the location but I haven't found that to be the case.  But, I usually go for dinner- maybe it's different at lunchtime?  The ambience is very relaxed but trendy/upscale compared with most Indian restaurants.  The owner is extremely gracious and the service is excellent.  The food is absolutely delicious!  Really, the best in town.  Their lamb, usually a good test of the chef's skill, is perfect... juicy, flavorful, very tender.  It practically melts in your mouth.  Everything I've eaten here has been excellent and I'm an adventurous diner who tries many different dishes.The prices are very reasonable and they frequently send coupons if you sign up for their email list.  I strongly recommend making a reservation in the evenings, especially on Friday and Saturday because, otherwise, you may not be able to get a table!
5	This was our third trip to The Dhaba in three months and it was excellent, as always.  The service was attentive and the food was outstanding.  Their food is the best, and most authentic Punjab, in the Valley.  This visit we had five adults and the entire bill was just $75.00!  Crazy reasonable!  The paneer was excellent, the mango chicken yummy and the lamb was so mouth-watering!  Their garlic naan is great.  We skipped dessert tonight, but last visit had their rice pudding.  Yum!After we left the restaurant we got a telephone call from them saying that "the gentlemen sitting on the end of the table dropped $15.00 and we needed to come back for our money".   He'd never have known the dfference if they hadn't called us, so we were extremely impressed with this kindness and honesty!!  All-in-all a great experience once again.
5	I love this place and plan to go back as soon as possible. I don't have anything negative to say about our dining experience. Sure, the outside of the restaurant looks a little cheesy, but the restaurant itself is darling. They make incredible lamb somosas and a rich and very flavorful lamb korma. The lamb was tender and delicious. I ordered garlic naan and my partner ordered something similar to naan, but there were cooked red onions throughout. I can't remember the name of it, but let me tell you, it was fantastic. I personally don't think the neighborhood is that bad, and i've been in bad neighborhoods. No, I wouldn't go for a midnight stroll around there, but for lunch, it's safe. One of the reviewers said, "Great for Americans"... Well tell that to the Pakistani family who came in and ordered a bunch of food. Our portions were big, we couldn't eat it all. As for the heat, they ask you how hot YOU want it.
4	Huge menu! If you're new to indian food be prepared to be confused. Waiter was helpful with recommendations. Chicken Tikka Masala was delicious as was the garlic naan. The Vindaloo was spicy! It comes at a 10 spice level. I took one bite and my head decided to go swimming. In my sweat. Good thing is they keep the place extremely chilly and serve water in these metal cups that keep the water ice cold. Service was also great. They kept that ice cold water refilled as I was trying to put the fire out in my mouth.
4	I have not been to many Indian restaurants but I am very happy I tried The Dhaba!  They have coupons on restaurant.com btw, be sure to log in and buy one, it's a great deal! The table was set beautifully with traditional plates and glasses, I really liked that.  It takes a while for the food to come out so be sure to order appetizers and place your meal order at the same time.  The menu can be a bit shocking to take it all in at once, I did my homework and viewed it online before we went so I could figure out what I wanted.  The naan was so delicious, go for the garlic naan.
3	I have been to The Dhaba three separate times now. The food is good, but certainly not the best Indian deliciousness I have tasted. The wait staff is friendly, the service was good, and the decor and cleanliness were both very good too. However, I think The Dhaba is overpriced compared to the small portion sizes. I really was expecting more for the money than what I got. Also, I am a fan of spicy foods and really hate it when ethnic restaurants mild down their spiciness levels when serving to American eaters (call it a pet peeve of mine). Each time I ordered here they of course asked me how spicy I wanted my meal (1-10 stars) and I told them "10 stars, extra, extra spicy please!" However, what ended up on my plate was maybe about 3 stars... very mild compared to what I like and what I was expecting. That left me very disappointed so after my third attempt, I decided that this would in fact NOT become a regular ethnic eating place for me. The flavors are good, but the heat is missing.
4	The good: Awesome food. Or at least very good food. My mango chicken had a bit of a bite to it even though I ordered it mild, but the flavor was good. Hubby loved his food. Our rose lassi was good, but small for the price ($4). The appetizers were all delicious although I don't remember any of the names.The not so good- somewhat sullen service. We had trouble getting the waitress's attention several different times. She balked at splitting the check between two different parties even after we marked which dishes went onto each tab. Most irritatingly, they tacked an 18% tip onto each tab even though we only had a party of 5 (4 adults, 1 child). I didn't see anything on the menu about the predetermined tip. Most places that do this only do it for parties over 6, 8 or 10 and it is almost always mentioned on the menu. This was really a major irritation after the mediocre service.
3	tasty! Pricey! parking sucks! really tasty! but kinda pricey! Location could be better. service is okay. kinda slow.
3	Excellent service, nice venue, delicious food. Only thumbs down was that each entree we ordered had only a few cubes of meet each. We used a groupon so not sure if that had anything to do with it. But other than that, pretty good food.
5	Always a winner with me!  Plan on spending more time where than you may at another restaurant, this is a good thing.  I know that someone is making my food not shleping it onto a plate from the microwave.  Get the Lamb Vindaloo...SPICEY
4	Upon arriving at The Dhaba for a Sunday evening meal, we were greeted very quickly and kindly and told that there would be a 20 minute wait for a table. Having read the reviews of previous patrons, I was slightly frustrated because I knew it would be a wait once we were seated to get our food also. However, after a few minutes, I decided I would be prepared to wait and enjoy a nice, slow evening and meal, and remember to make reservations for future visits.     Once seated, it did take some time to get the order in, but it was well worth the wait. The Masala Chai tea was spiced to perfection, fragrant, and with some added honey, it was the perfect beverage. I had the vegetarian "meat"balls (I can't recall the Indian name) which were satisfying and savory and did not disappoint. Everything came out piping hot and fresh. I will most definitely be a returning patron.
5	i love this place a lot. but there are a few things you need to know: 1. make a reservation, even if it's tuesday at 5:30 and you're already en route. i've had to wait for a table in the room full of empty tables simply because i didn't call ahead.2. never pay full price. they always have a groupon, living social, restaurant.com or other coupon available somewhere and paying full price is a little steep.3. get the garlic naan.each veggie dish i've had i've loved, you can't go wrong. the paneer dishes are rich and delicious and make me fat and happy.
3	Would give this place a higher rating if the service wasn't so spotty.  The food is great, came here for restaurant week and got a great deal, an appetizer, two curries and dessert with two chai's for $30.00  We went ahead and bought two bottles of wine just for fun too.  I've been in here before and there is a very sweet server who makes recommendations and brings out the food.  The weird part was that this time, we barely saw her and instead were basically ignored by all wait staff (two other folks).  We had to ask for the restaurant week menu (which they had hidden), they then proceeded to forget to bring out the chais and hustled us out of there until we reminded them that it was supposed to come with dessert.  Service snafu's aside, the food is really good and hard to argue with.   All the great standards are here and if they pick up a bit on the service (it got to the point that we had all the plates stacked up to make a visual cue, but they still left the plates there as we ate dessert) the restaurant would be a regular outing for me.
5	Great!
3	I tried this because I had a gift certificate.  I ordered the Gosht Rogan Josh with  lamb and a chicken with rice, raisins and nuts dish. Gosht Rogan Josh was spicy.  I only ordered this because I made this dish using a mix from a box bought at Lee Lees but I think the boxed version was much better.   I loved the garlic naan, though.  One couldn't go wrong with this. The chicken dish was aromatic and filling. It was a large portion.  I'd go back to try other dishes, though. Parking is tight.
5	We did not make the trek to the east side with The Dhaba on our minds... But as we drove past it to our intended destination, I said "look honey, that's Dhaba, it gets great reviews and has been written up in Phoenix Magazine."  The Main Man replied, "its Indian, right? We like Indian, that naan bread, mmmmmm."So we did what we went east to do and decided we had to give The Dhaba a go.  There was NO wait even though we had no reservation.  The hostess/waitress/manager was an absolutely gorgeous young woman who was very much into our learning experience and helped us sound out and pronounce our orders, lamb dishes for both of us.We were given water and tea in a more than timely manner and the slight wait for our hand-made, fresh food was well worth it!  MM got the basmati rice and I opted, reluctantly as I steer clear of most carbs unless they are chocolate cake or cookies, for the brown rice.  Both were FABULOUS with the moist, tender lamb.  Both dishes of lamb were spicy without burning and the flavor was FINALLY noticeable... Most Indian food in the Valley honestly lacks heat, kick, and flavor... These dishes delivered in all three.  What I did not notice until it was time for the 'go' box is that the brown rice has the most elegant, aromatic scent.  I may not actually eat it, but I will go to the fridge a million times just to smell it! All in all, we were lucky to grab up a table with no reservation, the food was awesome, the service pleasantly solid.  We are just sad The Dhaba is way across town...
4	Everything I have ordered here or tasted from a friend's entry has been delicious.   I love Indian food anyway with its "sneaky spice" and delicious warm flavors. The naan here is delicious, and one order could feed four to five people. I have ordered the Dal Makhani, Punjabi Chole, Dil Bahar Korma, and Sialkoti Rajmeh, and all of these had delicious flavors and spice.  You can determine the level of spice, like most Indian restaurants. The entries come with white or brown rice. The only complaint I have is that it can take a while even after seated.  Both times I have gone for dine-in, it was fairly crowded, but it was at least 20 minutes before someone even came by to ask for our orders.  However, due to the extensive menu, this wasn't a problem, since there are many delicious items in which to choose, we needed that time!  Water refills are constant and the food comes out quite quick after ordered. I'm also excited to know they are open till 10pm.
5	The Lakhvavi Shahi Paneer is delicious as well as the garlic naan. I love this place.
4	Amazing food!
3	Good food! We ordered Achari Murgh and Dal Makhani.. Very Overpriced !!
5	I have been to Dhaba a couple of times and I have never been impressed by their food. I am very particular about Indian food because I am Indian. I was forced to visit Dhaba again because everyone in the group wanted to. They have really improved the quality of the food. I definitely recommend their paneer tikka masala and Chilli naan. The naan is not too spicy and perfect for the curries.
3	My favorite dish was the lamb curry. It was very tasty with good herb and spice flavors, although it was more savory and less spicy than other curries that I'm used to. It came with plentiful, huge chunks of lamb. I would get this dish again and it was large enough for two, especially if you add some naan bread to your meal. We had the plain naan. It was very fresh, crispy, and flavorful. I definitely recommend it.The other dish we tried was the sizzling meat platter. The sausage was spiced nicely with lots of cumin. The red chicken and kabob chicken was likewise flavored nicely. Again, the dishes came with a lot of quality meat, so you will get lots of great bites without any filler ingredients.To drink, I had the Indian lemonade, which is not at all like fresh or artificial lemonade made in the U.S. It was a very unique drink based on a blend of spices, juice, and water. It was more of a herbal drink. I liked it.The food was a bit pricey, but had excellent flavors. Fortunately, the meals were quite large and could be split by two people in order to save money. You can also look for Groupon or similar coupons online, although they may choose not to take them, so I recommend calling ahead or getting a legally binding contact first. The service was a bit slow, because only one person was working both the hostess table and serving. The decor is very nice and clearly designed to with a classy Indian style. This style flows through the whole restaurant, from the walls to the tables to the settings.
4	I've been here a few times, and I've been delighted each time.  I try different dishes each time I go, so it's hard for me to say that I have a favorite.  Vindaloo of any kind is my favorite at any Indian place, and this place certainly won't disappoint if you like this dish.  I had Kofta last night for the first time, and I absolutely loved it.  I've also tried their Lamb Tikka Masala, which is awesome.  I imagine that everything is good here.
3	While the food is excellent, service is slow and the kitchen slower.  We have been here many times but won't be back.  Had a 6:30 reservation and didn't get out until 8:30!  After being seated, it took about 15 minutes for someone to take our order.  We waited over half an hour to have the food brought to our table.  Restaurant needs more waitstaff and more people in the kitchen.  VERY SLOW and inefficient.
5	I got the full meal experience and loved it. I love Indian cuisine, and this is one of the best I've had in the Phoenix area. The service was very good. The restaurant is not much to look at from the outside, but the inside is very high quality. The chairs and tables are dark, solid wood and the dishes are high quality.
1	My husband and I decided to celebrate my birthday a little early. We had received a Groupon for the Dhaba as a Christmas gift and decided to use it on 01-01-13.   Upon walking into to nearly empty restaurant, we were seated and told our server would be with us. Once she discovered we had the Groupon, she told us they didn't accept them on this day because it was a holiday. We promptly left.  Once in our car we checked the Groupon and discovered that New Year's Day was not one of the days listed as a day the coupon would not be accepted. So what the heck?  This is our second time at the Dhaba. After receiving shoe-leather lamb and being told it was always cooked that way, we almost didn't want to give it a second chance. After not being able to use a perfectly good coupon on day not listed in the fine print, we will not be returning to the Dhaba.   We'll eat at Star of India on Chandler Blvd. instead. The lamb there is cooked to perfection.
5	Great food. This place is cozy, and had water, flat bread, and 3 sauces ready to go at our table when we sat down.Staff was just the right amount of attentive. Price was quite reasonable for the amount of food we got.Favorite Indian place I have gone to in Phoenix.
4	Super cute/cozy and comfortable. You have to make a reservation to eat here...but I actually appreciated it. When we sat down there was water at the table, chutney and Papadum to nosh on.I also wasn't overly bombarded with service. Rather, they moved silently, taking plates away when needed and filling my water when low.Overall the food was very good, and the portion sizes were VERY generous (I hope that doesn't change). They deviated a bit from the classic recipes which I actually didn't mind. The owner seems like a sweet little lady; and it's right next door to an Indian Grocer so if you're so inclined to do a little shopping after your, meal you can.  Lastly, tableware is very classic and cute, while the decor itself is modern and clean. I will be returning.
4	This is part of India Plaza.  As you would expect, it is an Indian restaurant.  Punjabi, more specifically.  I had heard good things from Indian folks I know, but it took me a while to come in.First, don't confuse the cafe next door with The Dhaba.  It's all part of the same plaza, same owner.  But the cafe has a much different menu (much simpler).  The Dhaba is relatively small.  Perhaps 10 tables.  Reservations are a good idea if you want to be sure to get a table without waiting.  The ambiance is simple, understated.  The plates and utensils are rather unique.  Metal plates (with some sort of different metal rim piece).  I'm assuming these are traditional.The menu is quite extensive.  I didn't really know what most of the items were.  There is vegetarian as well as non-vegetarian.  But no beef, which was not really a surprise.  The samosas were very good.  They were served with a chick-pea dip (or soup?), that was also really good.  We played it "safe" and went with vindaloo and tikka masala, and both were excellent also.  My wife did have the mango lasse, and she said it was good but not as good as India Oven.  The rest, however, was better.  The naan bread is not included, you have to order it.  It's good, but I think it should be included as it is in most other Indian restaurants.Now for the bummer:  the price.  The Dhaba is probably 30% more expensive than the next best Indian restaurant we've found (India Oven).  Maybe 40%.  It was all good, but definitely pricey (despite Yelp's scale being "moderate"...at perhaps $20 per person including tip) compared to others in its category.  If you use "Groupon" they sometimes have one for The Dhaba, and it really helps.  The one I've seen you pay $20 for $40 of food.  We went over $40, and the final bill (after Groupon) was about what I would expect to pay at India Oven.  Is it worth it?  With a Groupon, Yes!  Without, well, that's up to you.It is really good Indian food.
4	There is an awful lot of awful Indian food in Phoenix.Maybe I'm just spoiled by having a mother that was granted her powers of cooking by Brahma himself (or was it Vishnu? I have no idea who dispenses that sort of thing), but I daresay I've got a pretty good idea of what stellar Indian cuisine is supposed to taste like. That said, I believe that The Dhaba has some of the best Indian food I've tasted outside India (an impressive feat, as the world is made up of 99.995% of countries that don't happen to be India). The food is pretty authentic, and their menu is impressively extensive. The restaurant offers up a varied selection of naan, curries, grilled meat, and dessert, so most people are going to be able to find something on the menu that they'll enjoy (that is, if they enjoy North Indian cuisine to begin with).The only reason I'm deducting a star here is because I find their service to be somewhat inconsistent. There are days where their service is stellar, and other days where I've found myself waiting for half an hour for a refill on my water. Even so, the service is passable most of the time, so I'm not particularly miffed.Finally, I'd recommend making a reservation beforehand if you intend on visiting the restaurant at all. Space is something of a premium inside, and the place is usually packed when I've gone. I usually make reservations right here on Yelp, so the process isn't terribly difficult.Overall, The Dhaba is a restaurant that I've recommended indiscriminately to friends and family alike. Now that I've run out of people to recommend it to, I figured Yelp was probably the logical next step. Bon appetit!
5	The Dhaba is perfect, I could leave it at that... but I wont. The atmosphere is nice I love their cutlery and plates and tables. My husband and I love their Papdi Chatt appetizer, chicken tikka masala is amazing and another dish with spinach an chicken, sorry,  drawing a blank on the name. Every time we have been there our experience has been wonderful. I will add one note, I am hoping this was just a fluke, but the last time we were in the owners were not there and the young Indian girl working there had on club music so loud I could not here my husband speak. At first I thought ok they just opened maybe they'll turn it off. Nope it played loudly the whole time. Also the bus girl and the Indian girl just disappeared we needed water and there was no one around, we waited 15 minutes plus for someone to get us our check, we actually had to stop the girl to ask for the check because she just kept walking by.With this being said, we still love the Dhaba, and will continue visiting often. However if this ever happens again we might have to consider finding another place to get our Indian food.
5	Just ate here with my boyfriend and I was very impressed. We did not make reservations but it was a Sunday night and I didn't really take the reservation thing seriously. I would imagine that it might get busy on a Friday or Saturday night and require reservations though, because the place is not huge. Not small either, but very cosy.We both ordered the "whole meal" thalis. My boyfriend had the maharaja (all meat) and I had the combo with dal, chick peas, and chicken curry. The biryani that came with the food was the best I have ever had. I would go there just to eat the biryani alone. The naan was top notch too. Everything was delicious. I was really surprised for Arizona.The thalis also come with chai and desert. They were very accomodating when I forgot that chai is brewed with whole milk (I'm lactose intolerant) and they traded mine out for a delicious dark tea.The service was a little slow, but still great. The restaurant was almost full while we were there but it was never too noisy. The modern Indian music was a nice touch too.
5	This place has now become my favorite Indian spot.I have to express, again, that their system of placing a reservation is very needed and essential. Parking is extremely limited in the area (as it's a shopping center as well). I noticed a couple come in without a reservation, and were sort of put off by it.  They do have a little seating area if you forget, and wait time seems to be about 10-15 minutes or so...That aside, let's talk about the food:I always leave VERY full here, with leftovers for the next day.Their Kormas are divine. I will recommend the vegetarian option as it comes with cashews and golden raisins...a little spicy, sweet, and tart, and savory --- basically a perfect meal.The girls (servers) here are efficient, without being pushy, and attend to each table flawlessly. It gets an extra star from me, today, for the decor. Restaurants really underestimate the power of nice surroundings. The Dhaba definitely took this into consideration when selecting the tableware, the lighting options, tables ect.Oh, and P.S. get the Groupon, or check in on yelp/foursquare to score some amazing deals (I don't know why they keep doing this, because they're giving away food for free...but yeah, ya know, not complaining at the moment).
2	Weekday dinner. Staff was friendly. Food overall was ok. I've had a lot of indian food. May be for a person who's new to the cuisine may find it better. Lamb curry which came with Maharaj Thali was good. so was the garlic naan. So mey be that's what I should have ordered.
4	We went for dinner on a Friday night when visiting family in the Phoenix area.  It was crowded but we didn't have to wait for a table.  They have a very extensive menu with a lot of vegetarian and gluten free options.  It took a while to figure out what to get though because there were so many things to read.  Plus, because everything was in Punjabi, we had to read the descriptions of each dish.  Luckily, there were papadams and chutneys to snack on.All the dishes sounded really good!  We ended up getting the tandoori khazana with a mix of chicken and lamb tandoori that was super tasty.  The lamb and the shrimp were succulent and flavorful, and the chicken really captured the smoky tandoori flavor.  Our second dish was palak paneer and our third was the lamb korma.  The paneer was pretty good, and the spinach quite creamy, and with just the slightest bit of heat.  The lamb korma was awesome.  The curry is similar to tikka masala but way better with cashews and raisins; the lamb was first rate in flavor and tenderness of the meat.  We also ordered dessert: pistachio ice cream made on site.  It was icy and delicious and melted in your mouth with an amazing creaminess.  The pistachio flavor really shined in the dessert.  We left stuffed!  What a great meal!The ambiance was very nice, with beautiful colors and a warm feeling.  The lighting was not too bright, but not so dark that you couldn't see the food on your plate.  The servers were chatty and pleasant. But the cart they wheeled dishes out on seemed really out of place.Overall, I'd come here again if I were in the area.  A great experience and a delicious dinner.
3	I love the look of the place, the food was tasty but way to spicy for me. I ordered very little spice and it was so spicy that I could barely eat any of it. Gonna try it again in the future and ask for no spice and see what happens. The chicken was nice and juicy instead of dried out like a lot of places tend to be. Oh and it was a little too warm inside, but that coulda just been the day we went.
5	Mmmmmmmm....If you are looking for a tantalizing taste explosion, go dine in this quaint, Zen-like, ethnic hidden gem. *Absolutely Delicious* (super extensive menu, great vegetarian options) go hungry & share a few platters. Soooooo Bomb(definitely in a food coma now) Yum*
4	Went here for dinner after a long conference day and was super impressed. I love their plates and drinking glasses made of pewter. They are gorgeous! However, what impressed me most was their food, obviously. The korma sauce is the best I have had hands down. Take that other Indian restaurants!  It has a delicious nutty flavor and very rich. I had the lamb korma and left the Dhaba a very happy camper.A Yelp check-in gets you free dessert. Score!
5	If you're frantically looking for a restaurant for an anniversary or a hot date, then this is the perfect place to take your significant other. The Dhaba is a classy, affordable, and romantic venue. This is definitely one of the top Indian restaurants in Tempe and is about as good as it gets anywhere. The service is fantastic, when we arrived the host greeted us and seated us at a table while setting down a few roses. I felt extremely welcomed by the restaurant host anywhere, and from the get-go I knew that this was going to be a great experience.As for the food, it was delicious. I had the chicken tika masala (I tend to order the plainest items at ethnic restaurants) and it was cooked to perfection. The waitress was very attentive and made sure that we were completely satisfied with our order. Just make sure to make reservations, as this place is quick to fill up at dinner.
5	Aaaah, real Indian and Pakistani food!  I'm a snoot, I'll admit- after leaving Chicago and Devon Avenue, I've always been disappointed by what passes for "Indian" out west... but the Dhaba blew me away. I took some visit family here for dinner last weekend after reading positive reviews on Yelp, and was sooo not disappointed.  First- and I love this, because I'm lazy- you can make your reservation on Yelp.  Literally three clicks and I had a reservation for four at seven.  Sure enough, our table was ready and waiting for us- and I watched several other parties of various sizes show up and wait at least fifteen minutes to be seated, so I was feeling smug before our lhassi was even on the table.  Service is a little patchy (we had to request water twice, and flag down a waitress for our check) but the food is so dang good I don't even care.  Order whatever you want off the amazing, huge menu- it will be good.  I promise.  My relatives had never had Indian before (I know, I don't get it either) so I steered them toward the traditional favorite chicken tikka masala.  We requested it mild and I think our server translated that, correctly, to "for old white people."  The relatives loved it, and I looooved my kafta, and the fact that when you say, "I want it spicy!"  the kitchen makes it spicy!    The portions are very generous, which means lots of amazing leftovers to sit in your fridge and get even more spicy depth and flavor over the next day or two.  And the rice pudding- deeelish!  The only thing that I wouldn't rave about was the Masala chai tea, and that's just because I like my chai blend with a little more punch, and this had quite a bit of milk in it.  The ambiance is lovely and perfect for a romantic evening, a place to take your folks when they're visiting and you want to prove you're All Grown Up, or an upscale but not crazy-expensive girls' night out.
3	We came with a large group and service was sloooow. The highlight for me was definitely the vegetarian appetizer plate - an assortment of flavorful fried bites that were worth coming back for! Dinner course was just okay - It seemed like almost everyone at the table felt that their dishes were mostly sauce with very little "stuff" in them. Kind of made us feel like we weren't getting much for our money. Also, "medium" spicy was not spicy at all. Very nice atmosphere and decor.
3	After purchasing a Living Social voucher for The Dhaba, we decided to try it out on a Tuesday evening. To preface, the food was fantastic. I was very impressed. I highly recommend trying one of their entrees prepared in their tandoor oven. The naan bread, both plain and chili infused, was delicious. However, their service was below average. Granted, they did have a large party dining with them. But there seemed to be only one waitress for the entire dining room. It took about 15 minutes for her to even glance our way and then greet us. Once greeted, she asked if we were ready to order, which of course we were not as we had many questions about the menu. I was given the wrong glass of wine and had to wait even longer for my beverage. Again, the food was great. And I certainly plan on trying it out again, especially as it's so conveniently located. My recommendation to The Dhaba is to provide the appropriate amount of staff needed to run a successful business, especially when doing a promotional deal for guests, thus increasing traffic.
4	we shared the samosas and chicken tikki massala. very good food, and good service. We received the rice pudding for our complimentary dessert/yelp check in. That was good as well. We would definitely recommend this if you are looking for Indian.
4	I come here a lot. The food is excellent! If your a fan of Indian food this is a must try in my opinion. I am working my way through the menu but the Chicken Tikka Masala will always be my favorite and dont forget a Garlic Naan its delicious!The only thing keeping me from giving 5 stars is the spotty service. Depending on the night there may only be one waitress in the dining room and this place is usually busy so make sure you make a reservation!
4	Food is excellent, but I would strongly suggest you make a reservation. On our first attempt we were turned away at 830pm without a reservation.  We were in the area and it was early so we stopped in on Sat. evening as we passed by at ~630pm. Several open tables but all were marked reserved. They reluctantly took us and 2 other tables that arrived shortly after us. We waited about 10-15min.  to be served. It was only annoying because those other 2 tables had their orders taken before we had drink order taken. Once we ordered food was out promptly, under 15 min.We loved the complimentary cracker/bread with sauces to start. Dhaba Chicken Korma & Tandori Tikke chicken were fantastic and worth the wait. Portions aren't huge but we still had leftovers. We'll be making a reservation and returning soon!
5	Amazing Indian food. I am originally from the UK, where you can get amazing Indian in virtually every city, town and village! Here in the US, not so much. Its hard to find Indian food that isnt overpriced. The Dhaba seem to have it all covered, great food, good service and fairly priced. We managed to get a Groupon to save a little more too. The naan bread was a highlight, very light and not doughy at all. We both had chicken dishes that were outstanding. Great job all round, thanks Dhaba.
5	I saw a group-on and decided to give it a try since I love Indian food.  One of the owners (I believe) was waiting on my table and she was verrrry nice and made the experience that much better.  The food was the best I have had lately...and like everyone says, you have to try the Garlic Naan.  I couldn't believe their $3 "domestic" beers included local breweries (I got hop shock).  I did make a reservation and our table was ready for us even though we arrived 10 minutes early.  I will definitely be back for more!
5	This food is so good, everything orderd has been delicious..Every chicken dish is Great. I cant stop coming back , I'm always craving Dhaba ..You must give it a try..with the NAN bread and yogurt for the rice and sauce..MmMMmM
3	Vegans can't trust the menu. Dishes that have butter are noted as vegan, as is a dish with "paneer" in the name (cheese). Newby servers aren't much help navigating through the mistakes. A for good intentions, but F for execution. The owner is super nice, but I've been put off by some of the other help, especially if you arrive without a reservation. The food is among the best found, and I would give an additional star if the service was stronger, and another star if the menu had less mistakes.
4	I took the advice below me on yelp and made a reservation. We came in ten minutes early and our table was all ready and set to go. The service was pretty good, which I was thankful for because the reviews below me scared me. However, it was 530, pretty early for a Saturday night so it was not busy. We ordered some garlic naan, the lamb boti kabab, and the gosht rogan josh (another lamb dish). The naan was tasty and warm. The lamb kabob was amazing! The pieces of lamb were HUGE and super tasty. The gosht rogan josh was extremely tasty as well, however I would have preferred more meat as opposed to so much curry along with it. However this food was amazing and by far the best Indian food I have had in Phoenix!
5	Hands down my favorite restaurant I've tried in the Phoenix area in the year I've been here. Great food, great service, reasonable prices (especially if you Groupon it).
4	Great food. Will go again.
5	We purchased a Groupon for The Dhaba, as avid Indian food lovers, we figured we would make the drive out to the east valley and give it a shot. The restaurant is very small, so I would definitely recommend reservations. Though small it had a great ambiance, and the presentation was just lovely. Their varieties of chutneys were delicious and they had a great selection of Indian foods that are not so common to find in restaurants. We ordered several appetizers, a couples of entrees, and a few desserts and absolutely everything was delicious, fresh, and well prepared. The wait staff was friendly and attentive, and a gentlemen who seemed to be the owner checked in with us towards the end of the meal to make sure our experience was satisfactory. All and all we had a great experience. We live pretty far from Tempe, so The Dhaba may not be our go-to Indian place, but when we are on that side of the city we will definitely eat there again!
5	The Dhaba is the only place I got for Indian food in the Phoenix area. It's so flavorful and they'll make your meal as spicy as you'd like. I don't always know what I'm ordering, but it's always delicious.
5	When we first moved to Phoenix we made an active effort to look for a great Indian restaurant. AND WE FOUND IT!!
4	The food was outstanding.  Had the Chicken Curry with Naan Bread.  The only thing that ruined it was the obnoxious brat sitting across from me which I finally had to ask him myself to be quiet because I was trying to enjoy my meal.  Mom was a bit pissed with an evil eye.  My thoughts are, if you can't control your kid, then stay home!  Or at the very least, have some common courtesy and common sense to extricate your child from the scene.
4	After getting my car's oil changed at Hon-Man, I was feeling a bit peckish and decided to indulge in some tasty Indian cuisine since The Dhaba was a hop, skip, and a jump away. I wanted an order to-go, and inquired about getting a lunch special (No buffet, but they do have some great looking daily lunch specials). Unfortunately, they will only give you the lunch deals if you eat in, so I browsed through the extensive regular menu. The prices seemed a little high compared to other Indian restaurants in Tempe. I decided on The Dhaba signature saag (Spinach) dish ($12). There is a cute little waiting area where you can wait for your food to be made. Service was exceptional, especially since it was to-go! The friendly hostess at the counter offered me some water while I waited, and even offered to refresh the cup with more water for my trip back home. The order came in a nice little brown shopping bag with handles, the kind you would find at higher-end restaurants.When I opened up the bag, I had a really large portion of saag and basmati rice. The saag had a nice balance of flavors and textures. I could taste fresh ginger, some creaminess, and the delicate flavor of the spinach. I had asked for it medium spicy, and it was about right- not too spicy, not too mild. The basmati rice was cooked well, had some vibrantly colored grains and was fragrant from the addition of spices such as cardamom and cumin.Overall, it was a pleasant meal, and I have more than enough leftovers for a few more meals. I'd love to dine in another time to try out more dishes, and their lunch!
3	Authentic Punjabi food and great service. The spice level is a bit toned down - I ordered a 10 (highest) and got what I would call medium hot. But they got me a bowl of green chillies so it was all good. Try this place for sure. BTW - I ordered the non-veg thaliI'm modifying the review because the last time I was here the food sucked.  The service was still great and they switched out a dish for us but the overall food quality was lacking.  I'm guessing only the Thalis here are good as a person in our group ordered one of those and it was good
5	I can't speak the Dhaba's praises enough.  The food is outstanding, the service is great, the ambiance is warm and welcoming.  We went for dinner on Sunday, making reservations on-line.  When we walked in, our table was ready with glasses of water filled and papadums and chutneys waiting for us.  We were greeted quickly, drink orders taken (my girlfriend loves their hot chai).   They didn't hover around the table while we were deciding, as it generally takes a while to go through their extensive menu.  It's a nice, subtle reminder that they appreciate your business AND want you to enjoy yourself.  We ordered a spinach and chickpea curry and a spicy lamb curry with mangoes and capsicum, with a side of garlic naan.  All delicious (I normally get the chicken vindaloo but decided to try something a little bit different). The naan is fantastic, I also have had the chili naan and it's an excellent compliment, if you want to keep piling the spice on (and I do).   We ended the meal with gulab jamun, perfect for two people.   We never go away from the Dhaba hungry, we're always satisfied, and we always recommend it to our friends.  It's hands down my favorite restaurant in the Valley.
4	very delicious!
2	We have visited this place on multiple occasions, and it never fails the manager is awful! I have been with and without reservations. With reservations the manager refuses to seat you until the exact time even if there are lots of empty tables. She will seat people who come without reservations but if you have a reservation you will have to wait till its your time. Even if your table is ready with the reserve sign, you will sit and watch your empty table till its your exact time. The food is decent this is one of the reasons we keep coming back.  I have recommended this place to a few people but with the growing number of Indian restaurants in the metro of Phoenix maybe customer service should be something this place should work on!
4	Foot was excellent but the place is expensive. We ordered Tandoori shrimp, Malai Kofta and Okra. All things were well prepared and authentic.
4	Ladies and gentlemen, I have found my new favorite Indian food restaurant. Groupon had a deal and we snatched it up as we've been in search of trying new places. We arrived about an hour before they were closed and it was almost empty. They still asked if we made a reservation (we did) -- so it seems like that may be a requirement for later dining during the week. Their table settings are unusual and fit perfectly with the ambiance. The tin water glasses keep your water cold throughout your meal.I searched the large menu for starters that weren't deep fried and were vegetarian-friendly, but we settled on the paneer fritters. They came with curried garbanzo beans that had the perfect amount of spice. This cheese is amazing, you guys.For my entree, I decided to go with the vegetarian thali plate. It came with a large salad (the veggies on this were great, but the iceberg lettuce was not the best choice and it had a bit too much dressing), a curried vegetable (PERFECTION), a lentil and bean side (divine), yogurt side (perfect for cooling down the spice), large portion of colorful rice, 3 pieces of naan, a dessert (the BEST rice pudding with mango swirl) and a chai. The menu clearly states that you cannot share the thali, which I thought was hilarious because it's SO HUGE. No, seriously, I had leftovers for 2 more meals after this.My boyfriend ordered a taro dish which they mentioned to us was 'dry' - no sauce. It tasted a lot like a potato and it wasn't my favorite -- I LOVE the sauces and spices the most - but he enjoyed it. Our bill was $47 for an appetizer, a large vegetarian thali dinner plate ($14), the taro dish and 2 of their Indian beers ($5 each). I'm a fan! Only one star off because unless you order the large vegetarian plate, all the other options are a bit pricey. I can't imagine that this place does a lunch buffet but I may be wrong.
5	Best Indian restaurant in the Valley!
1	It's just an over priced place with very little regard to service. We had to wait for half an hour after which we got the table and the food took another half hour to come. My husband ordered an extra roti which came after 25 mins of us just sitting and waiting staring at the entree!!! I ordered a Kashmiri chicken tikka masala which was extremely bland, my suggestion would be check out curry corner (just a block away) for half the price and way better taste. All and all if you wish to blow your money on fraud tasteless Indian food... Go ahead and try it.
4	Yum!!!!!  This was my first time trying Indian food & I am now hooked!  We arrived around 8pm on a Thursday & the place was packed & we were told it would be about a 45 minute wait, we decided to stay and we got lucky & were seated in about 10 minutes.  We were so happy that we waited.  The food was absolutely delicious, so much flavor.  The only reason I am giving 4 stars instead of 5 is because once we ordered, we never saw our waitress again & we had to ask the bus boy for more water & he even took our dessert order.
5	My GF loves Indian food, me well not so much as it always seems to upset my stomach...guess I'm not accustomed to all the spices that are used in Indian food. Maybe that was TMI?? Moving on...having just moved to Tempe I wanted to take my gf somewhere to eat and since she loves Indian food I did a search on Yelp. The Dhaba appeared to be a top Indian spot according to yelpers. I had seen it days before driving by it as it is hard to miss. It hardly looks like a place that would serve Indian food and rather more resembles some quirky old time western place from the outside. I questioned whether it would be good based on this alone. Surprisingly the whole plaza is "Indian" in some way. Indian market, Indian restaurant, and an Indian cafe. Wow! I probably would not have come here if it weren't for the exceptional reviews.Once you walk into the Dhaba, the restaurant is quaint and beautifully decorated. It was busy, yet the atmosphere was quiet. The hostess was attentive and the service was great. The food was wonderful. Like I said, I'm not a huge fan of Indian food, but I ordered the Chicken Tikka and I loved it. The portions were big, so unless you have a large appetite you'll most likely have leftovers. The food was a little pricey, but it was worth it. I look forward to going back again...
5	I wanted to go and eat at the Curry Corner a few blocks away, but my friend who is a bit of a snob didn't want to eat at the CC, so off we go to The Dhaba.  It's in a nice location, next door is a large Indian market.  The interiors of the Dhaba is very nice with asian-inspired furnishings, mostly dark wood.  It's actually a very intimate place, they serve the drinks/water in a very artistic metal drinking glass.  I ordered the chicken tikka masala, samosa and my favorite, garlic naan.  My friend had mostly vegetarian, the serving size were more than enough for two people.  The waitress was very friendly and attentive.  It's really a must try for those visiting Phoenix/Tempe area and so I give it 5 stars.
5	What an absolute gem of a place! Put our name in for a table and while waiting, went next door to check out the little shop. What a pleasant surprise to find that it had groceries, religious and decorative items, and even clothing, jewelry and books! The owner of the shop had the most amazing, gentle energy and spent time talking to my husband and I about the history of the shop. I love how he's mostly concerned with bringing an authentic Indian experience to Tempe with high-quality products. The shop had such great energy too, you could tell a lot of love went into it!The restaurant next door had amazingly fresh, hot food like the kind that an auntie would make at home. The shop owner came by after our dinner to see how we liked it. This specific treatment left a lasting impression that will keep me going back for years to come, even if it's a bit of a drive! Great, great place for true authenticity and beyond friendly service. I can't wait to go back!! This is now my one-stop shop for all things Indian.
3	The food in general was pretty decent. Although the tandori chicken was a bit on the dry side. The restaurant is quite small and doesn't have much of an ambiance. I wouldn't bring a date here.
5	In a word...yummy! The staff is helpful and gracious; the restaurant itself delightful. We have eaten here a few times and find the food to be consistently delicious. Our only observation is that the curry dishes seem to be more sauce than anything else  . That said, we really enjoy this restaurant and its delicious food
4	After trying curry corner I went on an indian binge. The Dhaba is just as delicious but the service lacked...a smile from the waiter would have made this review 5 stars.
5	-- ONE YEAR UPDATE --Still consistently good. Love this place. There is always a groupon available. Definitely a good deal. Me and the wife always get 2 meals out of one dinner here. MUST EAT!!
4	I really liked the hara Bhara kabab. It's tasty. The chicken biryani I ordered came exactly like how I wanted. It was spicy and delicious!
5	I have been here a few times and have never had a bad experience, whether there were 3 of us or 16.The food is amazing. The vindaloo will make you cry. The korma is like velvet. The naan is crispy on the outside, pillowy on the inside and melts in your mouth. But what really makes this place special is the service. The servers treat you like family, and are happy to make recommendations. They are always happy and bend over backwards to make sure your experience is a good one.
4	Food here is delicious, vegan friendly, and service is always fantastic. If you don't know what to order, the servers are helpful and will walk you through the menu.
5	Their garlic naan is some of the best naan I've had in the valley. Their service was good and their decor was very beautiful. We used a Groupon and the meal was a great deal! We would definitely return.
4	Food was delicious. I feel it's costlier than all other Indian restaurants in town. Food was heavy and I had to take a box while returning.
4	Definitely a great place to go for Indian food! Pros- Great food- good service- cool atmosphere- short wait timesCons- not much seating- hostess is bland and uninviting- bathroom is behind a sheet
5	Delicious food, wide ranging menu, excellent ambiance and service! Highest quality Indian food in the valley!While you're there, you may also want to check out the Indian store right next door, especially for fresh Indian sweets or samosa.
4	We experienced Dhaba with a Groupon.  We went there during an off hour so the place was relatively empty.  We were humored when the staff asked if we had reservations.  Was that necessary?  Lovely atmosphere and the staff is attentive. We ordered the plate specials.  Mine came with naan, chicken curry, chana masala, dahl and rice.    The rice is like a fried rice with various veggies in it.  A nice change from the usual.  We both ordered medium spicy and it was just right.  Had the food been any spicier, it would have ruined the taste.  Hubby had the naan, lamb curry, dahl, tandoori chicken and rice.  It was all delicious.  Our meal was complete with chai and rice pudding with a mango flavoring.  There was plenty of  leftovers for the next day.  We would definitely go back as we thought this was one of the best places for Indian food.
4	We've been here a few more times and they do pay attention to the spice levels when we discuss with the order taker. If you make reservations, they set the table up and take you in right away. Much better to eat this way. Although we have ordered mild spiciness levels the last few times, I think I am going to give them a shot again next time and order the medium spiciness level. I think their food probably tastes best with spiciness at the medium level. I like their curries and vegetables better than the tandoori meats.
3	Very good Indian food, this is first place I experienced Indian,  and I have been hooked ever since. This is my go to spot for Chicken Tikka Masala....it's super flavorful and is always good.  I do wish they gave more chicken in the dish,  but it's a good because i usually use the remaining curry for my Basmati rice..mmmm.  The service is fast! I call in my orders and I never have to wait, which is a plus. My addiction  for Indian curry is quite abnormal...lol, but nonetheless,  i can always count on getting a great meal here.
4	Food was great. I got the paneer and my boyfriend got the chick pea something-or-other (sorry, I could look it up, but I'm too lazy). The spice levels here are great as well. We both got a 7; definitely enough to make your nose run, but not enough to make the food unbearably hot.The naan was also fresh and delicious.  I'd definitely go back! Portion sizes are enormous. We had enough for us both to eat a second meal out of it. Side note: it feels like you're eating in a palace with the silver cups and plates at your table. Ha.
5	Love eating at this restaurant. small place but great ambiance and awesome food.
3	This place isn't bad. The atmosphere is nice, and the staff seems friendly enough, but they are getting three stars for a couple reasons.First when we finally ordered, it took quite a while for our food to come out. Also when we ordered, we ordered some drinks... Normally those would come out before the food...? So, yeah, when our food came out and we still didn't have drinks, I had to ask twice for them.Second, I ordered the Chicken Tikka Masalla, one of my all time favorite Indian dishes, if done right. This dish came out under seasoned, no real flavor whatsoever... plus I really like spicy food, so I ordered it as a 10 (scale of 1 to 10)... Unfortunately it didn't taste like they had done anything to spice it up.Last, the rice pudding was... ok. However, they apparently leave whole cardamon seeds in there, and I happen to bite full on into one thinking it was one of the nuts in the pudding.My wife had some ice-cream desert that tasted like a Mango Lassie, but it was so rock solid and in a dish that just didn't work. Trying to dig pieces of the ice-cream off ended with the entire puck (that's about what it looked like) flying out of the small bowl they put it in.On the plus side, the Garlic Naan was fabulous... in fact we got a second order of it... Anyhow, I doubt I'll come back here again, especially if I can find a much better Indian place closer to Chandler...
4	Mouthwatering and ethnic!!!
5	This is by far the best Indian restaurant I have been to in the valley. I can't even remember what I ordered when I went but, I remember everything was delicious. Probably the best food I have ever eaten. I know this sounds dramatized, but, you could probably eat a napkin there and it would be the best napkin you have ever had.
3	Good food. The wait time was too long for a pick up. Their dal makhani was good, seriously!
4	Like the good from The Dhaba.  It's a little pricey.  They occasionally have groupons which makes it more reasonable.  They're very into having reservations.  It's a small restaurant and when we've gone, their tables fill up.  I do recommend calling ahead.  The Faislabadi Aam Murgh is very good if you want to try something new.
5	Excellent food.Naan was excellent along with Chicken Tikka masala.
5	Wow wow wow is all I can say.  First of all I love the atmosphere.   Because he has located his restaurant in the midst of his other Indian oriented stores, it has a feeling of attractive authenticity.  The husband is from the Punjab and the wife is from Hong Kong.  They make a marvelous and delightful team.The food is the real star here.  The Papardams with delicious sauces were the starter.  Then we had their chick pea dish which was so light and flavorful.  Everything was obviously fresh.  I then had the chicken biryani and my wife had a mixed vegetable dish and both were exquisite.  The naan bread was delicious as well.  I have nothing negative to write.   We will become regulars as we have been looking for a good Indian restaurant without any luck in the Scottsdale area.Try the Shiraz red wine from India.  It goes so well with the spicy food.
4	Came here for a valentine's dinner with the hubby. Small space but the food's flavor makes up for it immensely. We ordered the Kolkata pani puri for starters. Little hollowed out puffed pastries stuffed with potatoes and chick peas, which you pour tamarind flavored water on. Although the flavors were there, they didn't work well together. For the main course we got the Dhaba chicken curry with aromatic basmati rice and some garlic naan. This dish was delicious. The chicken was boneless and tender, the curry was rich with spices and heat. The garlic naan was fresh and pillowy and worked great with the curry. The serving size was perfect for two to share, and we even had enough to take home!Great atmosphere, they even had a guy playing a sitar in the front of the restaurant! This restaurant is located in the India Plaza, next to a Indian grocery store, parking seems really scarce though, and make sure you make a reservation, they get booked!
5	Excellent food, quick service too. The chai tea was fantastic and the aromas made my stomach grumble with anticipation. Try this little gem. You'll be very glad you did :)
3	Visited this place along with Family. The quality & taste of food is good (Can be better).  We ordered vegetarian curries, the taste was good but it was not something we would crave for. Garlic naans were very good hot from the tandoor. The price is similar to other Indian restaurant in the town average 12-15$ per person.  Ambience was okay as they stuffed lot of artifacts in small place where you feel you are in very small room. I may not recommend this place as it didn't tantalize my taste buds. Service is very good as the food arrived in 15 min and the lady was courteous.
5	I'm amazed I've had Indian food but not like this  amazing flavors I had the vegetarian dish and it makes me wanna go meatless but service was great nice ambience and we'll worth the price big up dhaba!!!
5	It was a super busy night and so service was initially a little slow, but what's the rush? Slow down, enjoy the experience. Mango lassies - greatVeggie dumplings - outstanding Garlic naan - very goodVeggie Paneer - again, greatRice pudding - deliciousHost - gracious and kind Go here if you want fantastic veggie Indian food. Don't bother ordering tikka masala like everyone else. Try something new.
5	this is my favorite indian place. make sure you are not in a rush. let the environment draw you in. smell the frangrance of spices emnating from the food ordered by others. yiu can pair your food with the wines offered. ask for help. take your time savoring the food.
2	I came here on a date, having read good reviews and knowing friends who like it here... and I was less than impressed.First off, I made reservations, and we still had to wait. We were right on time, there were empty tables, and I was a little confused. After being sat by our wholly unenthusiastic hostess-slash-waitress, we waited FOREVER to get in our drink order. We perused the huge menu for quite some time, thought about getting an appetizer, but ended up skipping the app because we figured we would be there all night long if we did. (in retrospect, a smart move.)When the food came, it was pretty good, but a little bland. I'd maybe try different dishes if there's a next time. I could see people complaining that the portions are on the smaller side, but I thought they were OK. Not great, but okay. Minus a star for the fact that our wine never came until our food showed up, and I had to politely remind our server. Being on a date, this really was killer. Would have been nice to loosen up convo with a nice glass of wine, and we ended up both getting one glass instead of two. All in all, super disappointing. Thought it was going to be a fun, interesting experience, and looked forward to doing something different. But this place is firmly OUT of my "dating restaurants" rotation. Maybe I'll come back with friends? If we had a super nice waitress who suggested dishes and treated us well, it could have been great. (and, it doesn't have a very romantic ambiance... we were so far apart when sitting at our "table for 2" that we joked about having convo via carrier pigeon.) Factor in the fact that it's kind of expensive, and yeah... 2 stars all the way.
5	You guys. The tikka masala. The spice. Perfection. Amazing. Weird bathroom sitch, so close to the sitting area and a urinal, bleck.  But doesnt matter, food trumps any building logistics.
5	I had an excellent experience with my friend here a couple weeks ago... Caution: THE MENU IS HUGE... I don't even know what I ordered... I kept asking the waitress and then was like SURE... I do know we had the appetizer sampler... Again NO IDEA what it was, but ooooh so yummyMy friend got chicken tikka masala with no heat, but it was still really good. I got a seven and by then end of the night I felt the burn...The mango lassi were soothing and deliciousPlus we got a discount from google, so we were happy. But WE FORGOT OUR LEFTOVERS  I was so sad.Definitely recommend this place
4	A little pricey but great food. Bonus point for the white guy playing the sitar in an otherwise totally Indian staff.
5	This place is delicious. I ordered way too much food, and the portions are huge! Low the tikka/garlic naan/cauliflower that was spicy! Also loved the owners, so sweet.
4	This was delish! And I love that they had clear marking on what was vegan on the menu. We asked for 7 out of 10 spicy, and it was still pretty mild for me. The cauliflower had the most kick, but not overwhelming. Next time I will try 9 or 10. And there will definitely be a next time!
5	It's hard to believe that there's a special place like this in tempe
2	Not impressed at all , I didn't like the taste of the food and I didn't think the service was good at all. I won't be going back here for sure. I also thought it was over priced for what they offered. I wouldn't recommend this place to my family and friends, but I know alot of people who find it to be fine.. Personally I just didn't like it though..
5	I've been here a few times and always enjoy each visit. First of all, when you walk in you get an inviting feeling from the smiles  and courteousness of the staff. You get to experience a bit of the culture with the lovely dining set they have and by the look of the decor. And of course, the many flavorful dishes that they offer! Their staff pays attention to the water level of your cup and ensures it is filled. That's an A+ :)This time around I tried papadum which is a  starter. It looks like a tortilla but the texture is a light tortilla chip made of lentil powder, rice powder and some different spices. You can practically eat these non-stop! Favorites/Chicken/Tandoors/Bread/Dessert:- Rahon dal tarka which is yellow lentils mixed with different herbs and spices. You can eat this with their saffron cumin rice. - Gudaspuri Mutter Paneer which is blended mix of peas and cheese along with the dhaba herbs and spices. Great for trying to fulfill the veggie part of your daily food intake! ;) palak paneer (spinach and cheese) is also good. - Gazab Ka Kadahi Murgh which is a BBQ boneless chicken marinated in a spicy yogurt. This is my new favorite dish because it's baked in their clay oven. Once cooked then its marinated in the yogurt sauce and mixed with onions, bell peppers and tomato to create a wonderful sauce. - Tandoori Murgh (chicken) cooked in the clay oven paired with onions and a squeeze of lemon. - Pani Puri which is small finger foods. "Street food"  Little chip-like texture cups filled with potatoes and chick peas. Pour the mint water in the filled cups and add an optional taramind sauce or mint sauce. - Garlic Naan is hands down my favorite garlic naan I have tasted!! If you're wanting garlic naan then come here to eat it. It's soft  ,airy, fluffy with the right amount of crispness on the edges and amount of garlic shavings on top! - Ras Malai (sweet condensed milk cheese circular chunks) homemade dessert. Think of fresh mozzarella cheese texture. Really soft clean texture mixed in with the condensed milk cream sauce. - Halwa which is a Carrot fudge (sweet cooked carrot shavings boiled in condensed milk mixed with hints of pistachios, cashews, and golden raisins. Really innovative for a homemade dessert! Overall I loved this place because I can always select new dishes as well as favorite dishes to eat and I can always expect great friendly service from their staff. Gotta come check this place out! Mmm mmm gooddd! Only thing I regret was not taking pics of the delicious foods!! Next time. ;)
4	I've eaten lots of curry throughout my life.   This curry was just okay. The menu is massive and offers a lot of variety, for someone unfamiliar with the cuisine it's quite daunting.   Since I was trying out this restaurant for the first time I decided to try something I was very familiar with and ordered a shrimp masala.The dish was seasoned heavily, like any Indian dish should be, but the flavors didn't really seem to balance out  very well, all of the seasonings tasted a bit off, and were a bit overbearing in a funny tasting way.  But alas, not bad by any means of the imagination.  I cleaned off the plate and would try it again.  The shrimp itself was wonderful, very fresh and well cooked. The garlic naan was to die for, it was one of the best naans I've ever had.  Cooked to perfection. Judging from other reviews, I'm not sure if we just came in on an off night or what, but the service was not good at all.  We were probably sitting for 15-20 minutes before someone came over and took our drink orders, and this was not on a busy night.  Our server didn't seem particularly happy to be there.  The food took a little while to come out, but I expect that when ordering more elaborate meals, and was not at all turned off by this.  The restaurant has a little side-shop, which sells British and Indian goodies, which was delightful.  A definite plus.
5	best Indian in all of phoenix!
4	Loved the atmosphere and the food very much! I would definitely come back and I would say makes it in to my Top 3 Indian restaurants in Phoenix. Definitely high up there in terms of the cute atmosphere. Can't wait to come back and go to the little market next door.
4	Great food but very expensive. Several nearby places offer same quality at lower price.
4	Nice place inside. Food prices range from $6 appetizers to $15 entrees.Flying horse large beer $8. Food was 10/10Atmosphere (young couples) 9/10Music 0/10 --- play some music for god sake... Overall 7.8/10 .. If they had music and some free papad to start with. I would of given them 10/10.Still .. Buy the GROUPON and go during the week!
4	Update to my post. I set the dollar value at $$ but that was with my groupon. The value is a bit higher than that if you have an appetizer, 2 entrees, desert and wine as our Groupin did. Still excellent food
5	Excellent, excellent, EXCELLENT!I was here for my first time last night with some friends for dinner and we were all very satisfied. Wondeful service and a great selection to choose from. I will most definitely be back!
5	This place is a hidden gem. We were there for restaurant week. The food was outstanding as was the service. The staff were very nice and pleasant as well as attentive. I cannot recall the names of the food we ordered but it was the best Indian food I have ever tasted. I highly recommend this place. We will be back. Don't forget to check out the market that is located to the eastern part of the dining room.    The chai was also very tasty and delicious.
3	As an Indian, five stars was out of reach anyway. The food was decent..not bad for Arizona Indian food. We enjoyed the paneer makhni, lamb vindaloo and chicken curry. The naan was also very nice. I tried some chaat (street food in India that is typically flavorful and delicious) and it was border-line inedible..we requested extra spicy and it was bland and likely had been sitting for a while. I never understand why chaat is so difficult to find in Phoenix and this was pretty disappointing. I would also say that it was expensive; a decent Indian buffet is often a better value and larger food coma!
5	This restaurant is the only place I go for Indian Food. Oh my goodness!!!! The staff is so nice and the food gives me random cravings almost everyday haha! I recommend the Chicken Tikka Masala at a number 4 or 5 hotness level! Mmmmm. It's a little place that makes a date night very intimate or a lunch with a friend very personable. I had two friends that had never tried indian food before so I took them here and they were in shock haha. Definiately a great place to go. IF YOU ARE GOING FRIDAY OR SATURDAY NIGHT make a reservation. There are a lot of other people who have the same opinion as me :) Oh and most plates are around $15 so a little up there but definitely worth it!
5	We went on a weekday afternoon at around 1230pm. It was fairly empty.The food was A-mazing. We had different tikka masalas with basmati rice. Perfect rendering. I tried the gluten-free, vegan roti, and it was yummy, especially with the plum sauce we got with the gulshan e bazar, which were also gluten-free, vegan, and delicious. As someone who can't eat gluten or eggs (and shouldn't eat dairy either, really), I was amazed that I could have a satisfying, allergen-free meal that was super delicious. and the service was very friendly and very, very helpful. It's a huge plus that their menus are marked for GF, Veg, Vegan (though dairy and eggs separated would be nice)!
5	The Dhaba is my go-to Indian good place, I love it!!! It is the best Indian food I've had in the valley. It's very small and I recommend making a reservation in advance to be safe. On occasion they do put out a groupon that is insane! Foods I recommend:Chai tea (free refills!)Chicken tikka masalaPaneer tikka masalaLamb vindalooGarlic naanRaita
4	We had some friends coming over from RI who were craving for authentic Indian cuisine and so based on the yelp reviews we took them to the Dhaba! And we were not disappointed. The ambiance is very acceptable. They've managed to recreate a mildly Indian atmosphere in there. We went along with our vegetarian friends and stuck to a veggie diet. The bhel puri wasn't that great, however the samosa chat more than made up for it. The garlic naan as many of the other reviews point out, was simply surreal. The same could be said of the paneer tikka masala and the kofta. The food was really good.Now, for the put offs: 1. With just one other table occupied in the restaurant and us having given our orders in advance, it took 20 good minutes for the food to arrive. And that too, after the other table was served. 2. The lovely young lady who welcomed us, showed us our seats and took our orders had a terrible scowl writ all over her face. She never once did smile, was very curt and generally had the air of someone who was waiting on a bunch of people who had invaded her house, uninvited. Despite the food and the ambiance and the wait time, the one thing which we all kept going back to weeks after our visit to the Dhaba, was how dispirited and unwelcoming the lady was.Bottom line verdict: Good food, Good ambiance, Not really welcoming.
4	Their butter chicken is good. The atmosphere is really nice.
5	Incredible! That pretty much says it. The service and food were spot on. Easily the best Indian food, no, food, that I have ever had. I would say it is the best restaurant I have ever eaten at, including "high end" restaurants that are easily two to three times the price.
5	Officially my favorite restaurant...EVER! They have a total respect for people and food. Can't wait to try more vegan dishes.
4	Visiting Phoenix from DC. was hoping to find delicious Indian food like we get in DC. Dhaba definitely delivered. Enjoyed all the dishes. Especially the lamb vindaloo and the palak paneer. So glad we came!!!
5	This is our 1st time dinning at The Dhaba. We loved the ambiance and the decor of the place. The server/hostess was very nice and the food was AMAZING! We had the garlic naan, lamb soup, chicken mango curry, chicken and lamb curry. The basmati rice and garlic naan were out if this world, the meats were all tender and tasty. We also had chai tea and rice pudding and they were pretty good! The only down side is that the service was a little slow but we will definitely come back, the portions are very good and filling! :)
5	The place was pretty empty for a Friday lunch but everything was very good so no complaints!  I loved the spicy Vindaloo and the Pangang evened everything out. The lemonade was spicy and refreshing.  Just wonderful.
5	The best indian food I have ever had. The service is always amazing. I come here on a monthly basis and it is always consistant. When we crave traditional indian food, we come here!
3	Tasty yet overpriced (except at lunch). Also carefully look at your bill! They hide the fact that they add 18% gratuity for themselves by making it look like part of the total amount you must pay, not an itemized suggested amount. Pros:Great variety with a lot of dishesGood lunch pricesTasty dishes no matter what you orderBeautiful ambienceCons:Dinner prices are higher than most Indian placesSome staff can be truculent if you do or ask for anything that apparently isn't to her likingDeceitful w/ bills (As mentioned above, they print very archaic-looking bills w/ only numbers so you must remember exactly what you ordered and what it cost. But read it carefully!! It is itemized first by food & drink, then food & drink + tax, then food & drink + tax + 18% tip. So it's easy to assume the number at the bottom is your total WITHOUT TIP, which leads most people to double tip them unknowingly. I've seen my coworkers miss this every time. Makes me really wonder if they aren't intentionally making their bills cryptic and confusing... )
5	Love the Somosas here! I have tried many from all over and this is the best here in this area! Trust me well worth ever penny and calorie! All things on menu that we have tried have been GREAT! It is a place that for such a tiny place they sure can cook!
5	My husband and I had a very enjoyable lunch. The restaurant is clean and pleasantly decorated, every dish we had was delicious and the owners were lovely! Thank you!
4	I bought a Groupon to The Dhaba, and my fiance and I used it a few weeks ago.  It was really nice.  I liked the decor.  The place is a bit smaller than I expected, but very cute.  I had the chicken tikka masala and it was excellent.  Spiced just right for me.  I asked for it at a 5.  My fiance had sag lamb, and he liked his as well.  I had garlic naan.  It was a little dryer than I like, but still pretty good.We went next door to the shop and it was pretty cool to look around.  We will be back.
4	31/2 really. I tried Dhaba for the first time today. I ordered the chicken tikka masala which was good and garlic naan which was ok. They deliver so that's always a plus for me. I'm looking forward to trying some other things.
5	This restaurant is the best tasting Indian food I have ate in a long time.  Good environment and great service.  The metal plates and cups add another quaint home feel to a nicely decorated authentically planned restaurant.
3	I went there this weekend.Though the place is smaller and there is only one common washroom(ughh), we really enjoyed the food.we had tandoori chicken,naan,kadai chicken and mango lassi.But i must say the price is a bit high than other places.
5	So good! Had the special salad with corn cilantro tomato onion and rice crisps, the chicken curry and garlic naan. So fire trucking good!
4	Yum ! Was craving good indian food and got take out, very satisfied.  The only reason I didn't give 5 stars was because it was very pricey for the portion size, that could be just because I did carry out though,  in which case I would recommend dining in. expansive menu and food was delicious. Can't wait to visit again !
5	One of my favorite Indian restaurants in town. I keep coming back to this place. I highly recommend it. The food was amazing, and the service was also great. Last time we had chicken tikka masala with garlic naan bread and it was perfect.
5	Even being of Indian decent, I've never really cared for this type of food. A few years ago, I visited this place for the first time and fell in love! The flavors are so unique and the atmosphere is so peaceful. Next to the amazing food, the service is good and the restaurant is always clean. Before you come, take the time to make a reservation online or by phone.
4	More expensive than other places in this college town, but the food IS tasty. I'm a fan of its meat dishes in general.
5	The best Indian food I've had in Scottsdale/Tempe! I recommend starting with the Gobi Pakore if you're a cauliflower fan like myself, it was perfectly savory. I'm a huge lover of their kashmiri chicken tikka masala; it's mouthwatering delicious. As far as the naan goes, the garlic naan wins my vote hands down. This is the best naan I've ever had; it's fluffy yet thin in true naan style. I can't even describe how perfect it is! I still have so much to try on this menu, I can't wait to head back! The presentation of their food is very exciting, it's unlike other Indian cuisines I've tried before. Their staff is also very welcoming! Must try.
5	We've been here a few times with Groupons and now Living Social coupons. We normally come for dinner with an Open Table reservation. We've always  been seating on time, served water and the yummy Papadum and Chutney. We did take note that they have expanded their beer and wine list which we were very pleased about along with the selections. We ordered appetizers of Tandori Chicken Wings which were so good, the Aloo Puri, which I personally did not have a taste for. Entrees were the Kashmiri Chicken Tikki Marsala, Chicken Vindaloo, and a Garlic Naan, all entrees come with the Basmati rice. The food is so good. Don't be surprised on the quantity, the richness suffices with quality. You will be shocked how full you become. Is it pricey? Maybe, but if you go on a food coupon it is well worth it.Service has always been at its best, greeted and checked by the owners. The only con about Dhaba is the location and parking. Not in the best of best neighborhood at night and parking is extremely limited in the front so you are forced to park in the back, and at night it is a bit seedy. Dhaba is well worth it to get your fix of good Indian food with a nice atmosphere and good service.
5	Yummy! Had Macca di roti and sarson ka sag after a long time and it was great! I highly recommend this dish to my non-indian friends. For a change and some authentic punjabi taste. The spice levels were good and service friendly. I m going back every time I visit Phoenix.
5	We had a great dinner. Service and food was fabulous. Staff was over the top friendly and helpful. I don't have much Indian cuisine experience but my friend does and we both loved the food. The restaurant decor was comfortable. The only negative was the lighting could have been a bit dimmer, too bright. Otherwise we will return.
4	Good food, wide ranging menu, excellent ambiance and service. I would recommend the the Malai Kofta and Paneer Tikka Masala. The Kadai Paneer was not so tasty. The prices are high but they often run promotions on Groupon etc. While you're there, you may also want to check out the Indian store right next door, especially for Indian sweets or samosa.
4	I have to start off by saying that if you are a fan of Indian food, then this is the place for you.We were a party of about 20, and they had no problem accommodating us. When we arrived at 6:00, our table was set and waiting for us. The restaurant is nicely decorated, and has a quiet atmosphere. Some of the smaller, intimate tables would be a good place to take a date! But, I digress.For starters, they brought out a very thin, fragile cracker and 3 different sauces to dip it in. The sauces are not for the faint hearted. I recommend that you order a mango lassi immediately if you need to handle heat.For starters, I ordered the samosa's, and they were flavorful and cooked to perfection. An assortment of main dishes were ordered ranging from Chicken Tikka Masala to Lamb Vindaloo ordered extra hot, along with a melange of other dishes.While the heat level might be good for most people, I and one of my companions really like the heat, and we felt that the Tikka Masala and the Vindaloo needed to be even hotter than they were. Then again, a member of our party tried each one of them and pronounced their mouth to be on fire, so perhaps we just have asbestos linings.This restaurant is beautifully clean, including the restrooms.There is a small store attacked to the restaurant that has everything from ingredients to nicknacks for sale.Each person in our party enjoyed the dinner, and there was narry a complaint about anything. Service was attentive without being overbearing.4 stars for quality, cleanliness and service.
5	This is my new favorite Indian restaurant in the Phoenix area.  I made a reservation online and they had a table all set with some pappadam and sauces and waters.  Never had such great service like that before!  The serverware in general were very exotic and noticeably increased my enjoyment of dinner.We got the chicken tikka masala and a lamb dish (just ask for their most popular one, it had tomato based sauce).  The meats were very tender, not overly dry and the sauces were perfect.  They weren't overly skimpy on the meat like some other places too.  The garlic naan was great with the entrees.The prices are a bit high so I would recommend getting a Groupon if available.  Lunch isn't so bad for pricing but I'm not sure about their portion size.
4	This is the best Indian food around. I've been here several times and have been very happy with it. My last star didn't make it because my last visit had the most horrible service ever! She didn't smile at us, she talked back to us. She rushed us to order which is weird considering the large overwhelming menu they have all with foreign names on it. This was the only thing unpleasant. The hostess was very nice. It was only the one lady that's really ruined the experience. I highly recommend anyone interested in Indian food to try this place out though.
3	First time customer and food is good, not the best.   Cute atmosphere located within an all Indian plaza, we ordered the chicken tikka masala, dal, aloo gobi (cauliflower potato), naan, rice, and samosa for starters.    Chicken tikka was delicious though very  few chunks of chicken - maybe it comes that way or maybe that's why they wanted to know from the get go we had living social voucher.   Aloo gobi and dal were bland no taste.   Everything's else was good.   Service though not prompt was very friendly.   I would go back again to try their other dishes.
5	Great food, a nice atmosphere, and an awesome store next door to get some shopping done.
4	I'm from England and am Indian, so as far as curry's go it's safe to say I've had my fair share! Their food is the best Indian I have had the pleasure of tasting in the local area and is very reasonable price wise too. Great service and Yummy!
5	Just ate here last night, wonderful experience...let me tell you about it!I use OpenTable to make reservations, in order to build up points and get free stuff, but that's another story. The Dhaba is OpenTable friendly, so I made a reservation and we were sat immediately. We also found a Groupon, $18 for $30, so dinner was already $12 off before we walked in the door. It was a Saturday night, around 7pm, and the place was practically full. My wife and I noticed that there were a lot of Indians eating here as well, which is always a good sign of authenticity! We couldn't help but notice the numerous placards and "Best of..." awards hung all around the entryway. While this place was new to us, it certainly wasn't new to the area and has won many prestigious awards. There was one hostess who also took orders while 3-4 other servers brought out food, refilled water, and pre-bussed the tables. We never needed a refill, never had dirty plates, and were always taken care of. This was a wonderful aspect of our dinner. My wife and I decided to try our favorite Indian staples: Samosas, Chicken Tikka Masala (Heat index - 6), Tandoori Chicken, Saffron Biryani Rice, and Garlic Naan. The food was wonderful. My wife enjoys a milder heat so we settled with a 6 on all our dishes (out of 10). The heat was calm with just enough *umph* for her. The flavors were delightful as I mixed them together. Tandoori Chicken in Tikka Masala sauce with garlic Naan bites. Yummerz! The presentation of the dishes looked beautiful and the servers were attending to our every need. We were very impressed with the customer service.If you are in the Tempe neighborhood and looking for a wonderful Indian food restaurant, please check this place out. They are outstanding. My wife and I prefer this restaurant to the many other Indian restaurants within the area, and will definitely find our way here again!
4	Good Indian food. I haven't had that many different dishes in my five visits, but I have never had a bad meal. The naan is great. The lamb vindaloo is spicy. The chicken tikka masala is tasty. One oddity is the water they serve. It tastes... funky. Like it is well water.
4	*Update* I received a lovely response from the owner regarding the Groupon. That's the first time any owner has responded to one of my reviews and it's refreshing. They deserve a 4 star rating for that!Let me preface this review by saying this was my first time trying Indian food and I just don't care for most of the flavors involved so this is going to be less about food than the experience.I met a few friends here for dinner tonight. The staff is very friendly. Nice ambiance and the table comes prepared for you with water and their flat bread with sauces and that's a plus. I will say after reviewing the menu it's rather pricey.My friend ordered the appetizer combo plate and it turned out its literally a dish that just combines everything into one plate. Interesting but not bad. I ordered a vegetarian rice dish as I'm not a meat eater, with peas, tomatoes, onions, and Indian cheese. It was fairly basic and bland and although you get a healthy portion it seems pricey for what it is at $11. I sampled a bit of everyone's dishes and (again my tastebuds) it wasn't really my thing.  I ordered the chilli naan bread and I will say that was amazing! I could eat a stack of that alone.Me and a friend purchased a Groupon that day to use... $16 for $30...great deal! But they wouldn't let us use them because we bought them the same day. I read all the fine print and nowhere does it mention this so that was irritating. I am getting my money back for the Groupon as I don't think it's a place I'll go back to. I want to be clear that I think this place is a great representation of fine Indian cuisine;  I'm just not a curry fan, etc so if you're an Indian food lover please try this place. Lovely ambiance and staff! Just keep in mind about the Groupon.
3	Wanted to try authentic Indian food for a while and finally had the opportunity to check it out with some friends (the hubby is not as adventurous when it comes to food). I chose this place for the location and the yelp ratings and reviews.  I made 5pm reservations using open table which was simple and easy. When we showed up however, it took several minutes before we were greeted and shown our table. There were only two other tables occupied at the time so they were not busy at all. The host/server was nice though. The decor was tastefully done and the table settings and silver dishes gave the place a high class touch. It was also very clean. For our first time, the menu was overwhelming. I've heard of a few dishes such as tikki masala and butter chicken. So we decided to order that plus two others that we weren't as familiar with.  I chose an appetizer that was described as a little bit of everything.  So I assumed it would be a platter type item so everyone could share, grab with their fingers and taste. When we received our appetizer it was not what I expected. Literally,  almost everything listed on the appetizer section was included in this dish covered with a yogurt type sauce sitting in a edible crispy shell. We asked how we were to go about eating it. The server told us to grab the spoon and break it off in pieces since each section held a different treat. So we did.  It was different but tasty. Would I order it again?  Probably not. Our main dish was very spicy but that was to be expected. I had just enough rice to curry ratio to finish my meal. But my favorite part of the meal was the garlic naan. I loved it! I'd eat that all day. Also, if you check in through yelp you receive a free house dessert which was a rice pudding. I'm usually not a fan of rice puddings but it really helped balance out all the spices I just ate. So I basically gobbled that up. The reason I'm only giving 3 stars was because we were not able to use our Groupon. After reading other yelp reviews, I noticed many referring to the special on Groupon which was to purchase $16 for $30 worth of food.  I bought the Groupon today to use today. But the server told us we were not able to use it because we have to wait 24 hours before use otherwise the system would not accept it. Then she said to come back and use it at a later time. There was nothing specific in the fine print about not being able to use in the same day.  Well I will not be back and hopefully I will be able to get a refund from Groupon.  Overall, the food was okay. It's just not my preference. But I plan on trying other places closer to where I live.  Maybe I just have to find the right dish.
5	I had the Chicken Tikka Masala and the Garlic Naan. It was a excellent choice. The staff and quality of the food is well worth experiencing for yourself. The Dhaba made me feel like I was in India. The culture and friendliness was wonderful.
5	I've been to The Dhaba three times the last six months, and each time I get the Maharaja Patiala Tandoori Thali.  In this way I get a little bit of everything since it is described as a "whole meal"----so I get lamb in curry, chicken tikka, biryani, raita, naan, three chutneys, dal salad, and at the end hot chai with rice pudding.  I always restrain myself and take some of it home to enjoy as a midnight snack.  If you order the spice level as 8 it will be seriously hot (as it should be)....
3	Been going here regularly for a while. Now sometimes we get it and it is watered down and isn't as spicy as it used to be; this has happened on two occasions thus far. The rice is strange sometimes too. I don't know if they changed cooks or not. The soft drinks are $3 each which is outrageous. We have also experienced the 18% tip issue mentioned on here before. $17 per person for lunch! It is a shame because it used to be so good. :-(
3	Came here for the first time. The food was good however what lacked was the service. I'm glad I got an appetizer because the food took almost 30 minutes. Also, the servers just tend to their own things rather then asking the customers if they need anything. I found myself getting up to ask for things. Giving it a 3 stars only because of the service. Otherwise the food is good. Would recommend It to others.
3	The Dhaba is well known in the area for their Indian cuisine, as evidenced by their wall of awards. I was happy to find a Groupon to try it out and they were nice enough to let us use it on a carry-out order, once I explained our situation over the phone. For that accommodation, I added a star :) The location is in a rather "scruffy" side of town (not sure I'd want to hang out there after dark). When I arrived to pick up our food at 6pm, there was only one table occupied in the restaurant. We ordered two chicken tikka masala dinners--one mild and one medium in spice level. However, both looked and tasted exactly the same...very bland. Each meal consisted of about 4-5 small pieces of chicken with a cup of basmati rice. We also split an order of garlic naan, which was good. Now, we've eaten at a few other Indian restaurants before, and never once have we been able to finish our meal in one sitting; we always have leftovers. But we were left still feeling hungry. $35 for 2 dinners and an order of naan. Small portions, overpriced and not impressed.
3	I love the ambience.  Great food too! But the hostess is rude or doesn't know how to greet and treat people.
5	1. The Dhaba cooking school is a lot of fun and you learn so much about Indian Cuisine. The Instructor is great, and it is very hands on. We even made Paneer!2. The restaurant itself is very good, a lot of great aromas, spices and flavors and one of the better Indian Restaurants in the greater Phoenix Area.
4	First time trying Indian food, and I don't think it could have been at a better place. I got the Dhaba chicken curry, and I really enjoyed it! We also got the garlic and kashmiri naan, and both were delicious. I really enjoyed the atmosphere and the staff were all very friendly. Definitely a great experience!
5	I go to this restaurant once a month for lunch. I am never disappointed with the fresh quality of the food and the friendly staff. This punjabi restaurant is the tops.
3	Yaba  dhaba  Do Go! I went at noon.The tea was okay, Fish Pakora okay, Garlic Naan okay, Lamb Vindaloo okay but rice pudding besides having a smiley face on the surface was watery with almost no flavor.
4	Good quality North Indian (Punjabi) food. Everything we ordered didn't come out perfect, but whatever did, deliciously compensated for what was missed. The dreary details: It was our 2nd time here, hence the review. Pretty consistent with our first visit a year ago. Went for lunch both the times as a party of 4. All dishes were ordered at a spice level of 7/10. First came the sweet lassi (yoghurt with sugar) and my friends got the cumin/pepper water drink. We liked both.Our appetizer was the tandoori platter, a combination of the 3 meats below,Sheek Kabab - Excellent. Will repeat it. The meat's flavor enhanced perfectly with mild herbs & spices.Chicken Kabab - A tad dry but with the red Chilli sauce, it was good.Shrimp - Will pass next time. Not well marinated in the spices. Was bland I thought.Followed by, Bhatura - Excellent. Deep fried but not soaking in oil. Soft and yum (psst.. Have a huge weakness for fried food)Chole - Okay. The mixed vegetable pickle that came with it was so homely.. and the 3 together - \m/ :)Chicken Tikka Masala - Thanks to fellow yelpers, we tried it and have no regrets.Rogan Gosht - Made of Lamb (should have been Mutton). Okay. Overpowering tomato taste, may not try again. Both curries came with plain basmati rice.Garlic Naan (yeah.. Not done with our order yet. We had soooo much food) - Excellent. Wouldn't always get such soft, garlicky naans even back home in India. Aloo (Potato) Kulcha - Good.Finally, the Chicken Biriyani. Bad. Was more like Pulav. The rice was sticky, not very flavorful. Won't try that again. But the rest of the gang (very Indian husband and 2 American friends) liked it. I like the biriyani at Kabab Palace better.That's about it. We went at noon on a Saturday and were served without much wait time. They actually do allow reservations as early as 11:30 am. Staff are friendly. Though overpriced, we shall return to try other delicacies from their long list of menu items. For instance.. Missed the kurkure bhindi both the times. :/
