4	Gluten free bakery from HEAVEN! Now I'm not actually 100% gluten intolerant but I do enjoy baked goods of all varieties and every now and then I do a cleanse or give my body a break from all sorts of things. Before it became a gluten free bakery (a few years back) I used to enjoy the little fluffy on the inside crispy on the outside Portuguese rolls they sold for .40 a piece amongst other delights. With a new schmantzy French bakery a few doors over and my lessening of gluten/baked goods intake I walked past Le Marquis many a time without popping in to see their new line of goods.WELL I'm VERY VERY happy that I went in today on a whim. They have a brilliant selection of finely made gluten free baked goods. The baker gave me a sample of the quinoa bread that was absolutely perfect (and recommended by a woman in front of me who was stocking up on almond madeleines, quinoa bread and other GF sundries). The bread contains: Organic quinoa flour, organic flax flour, egg white, a touch of molasses, apple vinegar and a few other ingredients and is absolutely fluffy on the inside with a crispy brown crust on the outside. It may look dense and ultra hippy but I assure you with a little butter, compote or what-have-you = bliss. At $6.95 / loaf (they also have sunflower bread, cranberry bread and millet) it doesn't come "cheap" but is well worth it as it would be difficult to replicate this at home.As I was reeling over the bread sample, the baker fetched me a little sliver of melt-in-your-mouth GF dark chocolate brownie (focus on chocolate - not overly sweet) that was also perfect. At $3.95 it seemed a little steep for a brownie but after sampling it worth every penny. I highly recommend this understated bakery and shop (they carry a line of Gogo Quinoa products amongst many others). They have truly honed their recipes and anyone who only eats GF or wants to try something different should head to Le Marquis.**I just removed a star from my review due to the inconsistency of the chocolate brownie. I have been back 3 times since my initial visit to buy said brownie and they either didn't make any that day or had 'blondies' to sell instead. But it was a great way to discover the gluen-fueled Parisian bakery next door...
5	What!?  THIS PLACE IS AMAZING.Everything is gluten free and tastes like the real Parisian thing.  All kinds of French classic baked goods.  Lots of it is lactose free.  Baked to perfection!As a celiac, I am proud to have Le Marquis in the city.  My only regret is that I hadn't heard about it sooner.
5	Well, I hate to give away the secret, but this place is indeed excellent.  My girlfriend is gluten intolerant (genuinely so; she swells up like a balloon if she has just a tiny bit), and thankfully enough this bakery nearby has the best looking and tasting gluten-free desserts I've ever tried. They also make nearly identical Gluten-Free / Dairy-Free desserts, but I haven't tried these.Their gluten-free bread is decent, but it is in the desserts that they really excel. The owners are quite nice, and are happy to talk at length about their ingredients and cooking processes, or just in general.
