4	I have lived here for almost 2 years and the apartment complex is wonderful. The front office is kind and will work with you on any financial problems. The foliage is great and it does not seem we are in Phoenix but out in the midwest or back East. The only negative things is there are so many stray cats and their waste and urine are everywhere and it does not seem that the owner takes this disgusting problem seriously. I love this apartment complex,  I use to love cats although this complex has turned me into a dog lover.
5	It's weird. I'm experiencing something I never have before. Towards the end of my work day I start thinking about going home. I'm not thinking about leaving work, rather actually going HOME. Fountains in the Green, I think I love you. At the very least I want to make out with you. Hidden under a wild mass of green lies a unique apartment complex. The place is not new, what some might call 'historic.' The apartments are solid as hell. Not once have I been able to hear my neighbors through he walls. The Good: -A wide variety of floor plans -The apartments are huge -Office/maintenence staff rock -Gigantic freaking courtyards for ground level units. Really, really big -Utilities included (and basic cable). This saves a nice fat chunk of change during the summer -The surrounding neighborhood is actually quite nice. It's relaxing to take the dog on a long walk through through. -Did I mention a big ass courtyard? The Not-so-Good: -Due to the lush landscaping there are a fair number of roaches. Now, they spray and do a great job of it, but expect to pick at least a few dead roaches up each week. I have yet to find a live bug inside. -Parking for residents is kind of tight, and big trucks seem to be strategically placed to make getting around corners difficult (I'm looking at you silver Titan!) -If you're visiting a resident you park on the street. You can request a spot inside the grounds on an as needed basis. The Bad: -There is an evil ass striped cat that wears a pink collar. Don't be fooled by the collar, this cat is crazed and dogicidal. I've had this tabby terror stalk my enthusiastically stupid dog on more than one occasion. I'm a dog person, so I hate you, pink collared cat. So yes, every day when I walk into my large apartment, a sense of peace comes over me. I'm home and I'm happy
5	I'm so happy to have my grandson and my son and daughter in law living here. We all love the shaded property which is so hard to find in the desert valley of Phoenix. The staff is very friendly and attentive to detail. Thanks for being an oasis in the driest state we have ever lived in!
2	Despite the lovely scenery and nice walks there's a lot more hidden poop in his apartment than hidden gems.  Lived here for a year in 2012.. Had a nice appt in the back of the courtyard. The place was clean and everything was nice but the air-conditioning would freeze over every other few weeks during the summertime and the garbage disposal smelled so bad when we moved it smell like a dead body was under the sink. Some crazy lady that lived across the courtyard from me would call in  noise complaints every time I would have 1 to 2 guests over. My tires got slashed in my parking spot.. and I'm pretty sure it was her. when I talked to the front office about it they said they couldn't do anything about it, and it was my fault. We also got complaints about feeding the feral cats which I never did anything of the sort, even got a eviction warning if "I kept up my behavior"never fed a feral cat to this day... I'm sure it was probably my neighbor who was calling in the complaints. Never did anything wrong to this woman. And if the smell of cat piss all summer long doesn't bother you then your neighbors probably will. The security guard Boris was usually around on his bicycle to respond to calls from the front office or complaints but never there when any property is being stolen or destroyed. The only reason I wrote two stars for this place was because of the scenic greenery and being back home. Don't waste your time.
5	I have lived here for many years and absolutely love it. Gated community with overnight security. Lots of trees in a quiet neighborhood. Repairs are handled quickly!
