3	I used to live right across the street from this restaurant but never actually ate there until last night.Me and a bunch of girls wanted to go out for half price so we gave Mi Ranchito a try. The chips were delicious, the salsa however was EXTREMELY watery. It literally dripped everywhere on the table, making it impossible to actually enjoy. Not that the taste would make you enjoy it...Me and a friend split a veggie enchilada and another friend shared some of her veggie quasadilla. The enchilada, though stated on the menu would be served in a corn tortilla, was most definitely not. The tortilla was, for lack of a better word, mushy. The red sauce proved to be as equally flavorless as the salsa - red sauce is supposed to be spicy, come on! There were barely any vegetables in the enchilada and they were awkwardly cut and stuffed. The quasadilla on the other hand was quite delicious. If I ever do intend to visit again maybe I'll try this?The only redeeming quality of Mi Ranchito was the lovely decor and their delicious margaritas. I had a peach margarita that was perfectly refreshing. Though our waitress was absolutely awful (she overcharge one of my companions credit cards), the bartenders were friendly and had great taste in music! I'll return just to drink next time.
4	Here I got the closest thing to a proper taco I've had in Pittsburgh. For that amazing feat it gets 4 stars. Were this place in a city with more taco choices, I'd give them maybe a 3. The tacos were on two corn tortillas w/ chopped cilantro & onion. salsa verde on the side. I had the barbacoa and lingua. Totally serviceable, which around here was something of a revelation.Chips and salsa were good too.If you are from a city that has actual mexican food, and you are jonesing for a "correct" taco you should definitely give this place a shot. It will fit the bill.
2	We came here late night since this place turns into a wannabe club of sorts after hours. Thankfully, we were able to avoid the college crowd and have seats in the side room. The bartenders were a bit slow with everything from a simple beer to their Coco Loco drink that I was suggested to try. The drink was $4.50 and took the bartender a short while to make, but I was satisfied with the pineapple, coconut and rum flavors. My favorite part was late night taco bar! $2 cash for fresh tacos that you essentially make yourself. You can't go wrong with this sober or not. They were hands down the best part of my experience here. (Chorizo and carne asada..add the avocado sauce!)
3	This is an excellent Mexican option in South Oakland just down the street from the far more famous Mad Mex.  The prices are eminently reasonable; the portions are good; and you'll have a much easier time getting a table or spot at the bar than you would at some inferior but trendier places.  The cuisine here is noticeably more authentic than its nearby counterpart as well.There are a few drawbacks that keep Mi Ranchito at the 3-star level:-The cheese sauce is just sad.  It's runny and bland to the point where it's not even worth dipping a tortilla chip in it.  Too much mess for too little flavor gain.-The salsa is likewise watery and difficult to enjoy.  Come to think of it, if you want to keep any dipping sauce on your chip in between the bowl and your mouth, you'll have to perform such amazing repeated feats of hand and wrist gymnastics that two meals a week here would be more than enough to give you carpal tunnel syndrome.-I've been here a few times, and every time they've been out of the goat meat that sounds so delicious on the menu.  I keep trying to order it, only to be rebuffed.  The fourth star might be in those barbacoa dishes...only time will tell.
1	It wasn't bad but WTF they had a 4 year old girl behind the bar at 11 o'clock on a Friday night! I dunno about you but I don't think that's appropriate. I didn't want to really stick around, and I guess neither did this place since it is now closed down. RIP weirdest taco place in Pittsburgh.
2	I found it kind of intimidating to walk into this restaurant. When I arrived about 8:30, the only customers were 4 men seated at the bar, all of whom turned to stare as we walked in. Music was blasting, and I was happy when the waitress asked if we'd like a seat outside - in what used to be the parking lot. There were a variety of different tables and chairs and it was dark except for Christmas lights. It was actually kind charming, and a nice option since there are very few places in Oakland to sit outside. We started with frozen lime margaritas.  If there was any alcohol, we couldn't taste it. I almost wonder if the bartender was chuckling at us since he had to know the drinks sucked. It didn't get much better from there. The complimentary chips and salsa were average but free and my husband and I  both ordered Chili Rellanos - breaded peppers stuffed with cheese and served with sauce, rice, beans, and sour cream. They too were average with very little taste.  - Not at all what you'd expect from these kind of ingredients. Price, portions, and service were all fine....
4	This is one of my favorite hidden spots to eat in Oakland, which is surprising because I'm really not a Mexican food lover. But I really want to plan a return trip here. I have yet to be disappointed by Mi Ranchito. For what I pay, I always get a pretty darn reasonable (i.e. big) plate of food.Depending on when you walk in this place will either be busy and noisy or empty and quiet; I've been here at night during finals week at Pitt and during the day in the summer. Guess what environment I experienced on which days? No, this is not a trick question. I actually came here with a group of 16 when it was finals week, so I'm still impressed by the place's ability to squeeze us in comfortably. The food did take a little while to all get to the table, but I mean, there were 16 of us and it was finals week. Everything we did get, once it arrived, was amazing, and the waiters did their best to help us out as we waited for the cooks to do their job.I don't usually order alcohol when here so I can't testify to the state of the bar - so no commentary on that. And before you ask: my favorite dish here is the quesadilla - their cheese quesadillas are delicious! I'll hopefully be back soon to get my usual!
4	Closet thing to Mexican food in Pittsburgh .
4	It's the best place for Mexican in Oakland.  The service is always great and so is the food.  The patio is a great place to hangout in the Summer.  I always recommend going here.
5	Best authentic Mexican in town, and very modestly priced.  Yes, you can get fancier Mexican a few doors down at Mad Mex, but this place does it like your Mexican mama would have.  Both the owners and their suppliers have been consistently tweaking the recipes over the past few years, and they have arrived at a state of consistant tastiness across the board.  From the dirt cheap late night tacos to the incredible chimichanga, everything is exactly what you would hope for if you were looking for "real Mexican".  I only regret that they don't make the Tres Leches anymore - it was the perfect ending for almost any meal there.In addition, they have a wonderful patio for the warm nights, and the bar seems to be very popular, although that isn't my thing.If you have any doubts, just grab a $2 taco from their cart when you are passing by at night.  It is very representative of the quality and style of food they have on their much more diverse menu inside.
1	Both times within the past week I've received my order wrong. Forgotton guacamole, wrong tortillas, and last night there was an eyelash in my fajitas. Not to mention the fact that the delivery driver was incredibly rude! Never going back, and for shame because I really love Mexican food and would eat it daily.
2	When I got there the place was empty and looked like just a bar. Their dining room was not set up (it was 5:30), and it looked sort of seedy. Then a charming young woman showed up and apologized, and set me up. Her service was great. I just wished the food was better. The salad was a little too chopped, and the main dish (Carmen asada) was tough and sort if bland. The rice and beans were also bland and we're served with dry flaky tortillas. Sorry but probably won't be back.
4	We ordered on Valentines Day.  The driver was late but he called to keep us up to date.  The food arrived hot which was great.  The tacos are amazing.  We also had the carnitas which were also super yummy.  This was the first time we ordered and everything was great.  Small detail, we ordered drinks but they forgot them.  Overall, I wasn't too concerned due to the holiday. Any other day and my review would be a little different.  Check them out and enjoy the tacos.  I'll be ordering again and definitely getting them.
