4	It was a rare for me that during my college years of blossoming into manhood that I didn't start my night by a trip to Walgreen's. It was also rare that I didn't traumatize the clerk with my purchases.During the period of time when Keith Charles was known as " Whiskeysaurus Rex" or "Bad Fritz"  and it was common that the following items were being purchased prior to a big night out on the town.1. Glow Sticks2. Condoms3. Met Rx Protein Bar with 32 grams of whey protein isolate4. Altoids- Cinamon5. Marb lights6. Monster Energy Drink (low carb to keep my girlish figure)7. Motivational stickers 8. Spare lighter9. Cherry flavored chap stick10. Plastic hip flask11. Corn cob pipe (merely for style)12. 1 liter of Bubble Gum flavored Pedialyte With all of these item stowed safely in my man bag, or "murse" I was ready for any adventure that the night may hold.Now I know that major corporations are horrible for small business and are generally bad, but where else can a list like this be purchased with one stop ?Hauki !Light blue trojans pleaseSpermicidal for the win !Do I need road flares ?Talent ? When you are carrying the above listed items all in one basket, women tend to avoid making eye contact with you, thus making talent hard to judge
5	Gotta give a big THANKS! to this Walgreens.  I found myself there shoeless with an overheated dog and they had no problem letting me come in with the dog to buy some water for him.  It is rare for a big chain store to be so dog and barefoot friendly!
4	It's the typical Wallgreen's.  What I like is it is very close to our home and therefore very convenience when having a prescription filled.   We also use this place to get our candy prior to going to a movie and at times there are some nice sales going on which make it even cheeper.   At times they also have some nice selections when it comes to seasonal items such as Easter, Halloween and Christmas.
2	Why do I torture myself by shopping at Walgreens? Desperation drives most of my visits, I suppose, and this one was no different. The Cross Plains State Bank (located just down the road from here) has recently closed, and I was in need of cash prior to my hair cut. I figured Walgreens would have an ATM, or at the very least, would provide cash back with a purchase.- ATM (from BMO Harris) is about 91 years old, charges a $3 fee, and is slower than molasses. Worse yet, after staring at the screen as it read "Transaction Processing" for 6-minutes, the ATM failed to work. It spit out a receipt that said, "Transaction Failed." Be warned - the service fee is an unreasonable $3; however, since I doubt this thing ever works, you won't pay the fee (you also won't get any cash).- Prices are outrageous. With the ATM down, I made my way to the soda area so that I could buy a Diet Coke and then get cash back from the register. Their soda prices are a good $0.30 higher than anyone else. I shouldn't be surprised, nor should I be complaining about this, as it's no secret that Walgreens generally charges a premium for anything in their store.- Checkouts are slow. I got into line to check-out with my Diet Coke. I was 7th in line. One cashier. After 5 people were checked out (only one more person in front of me), the cashier fires-up the microphone and asks for more checkout assistance. Ugh.- When I went to check out and hit the "cash back" option, the kid who was running the newly opened register informed me that he didn't have $20 in his drawer to give me for change. Really? He had to get a $20 from the other checker.- You can't enter/exit from University; you have to enter from Branch Street+ At least it's bright in here and the store feels fairly clean.
