4	Amazing food (try the shrimp on a stone), amazing views (remember to head up there as the sun goes down), lovely staff...and breadsticks to die for; i dare you to only eat one!If you sign up for their mailing list they also have special deals on wine and really amazing winery dinners from between $65 to $85 for 7 courses including reception drinks.
4	This is the second venture, I believe of the Carmine restaurants in town. They offer the most ridiculously amazing Italian around, along with a hot Italian serving staff to bring it to your table. I do remember both my boyfriend and my father telling me to shut my mouth and stop drooling over the busboys...there really is something about a restaurant with a cute staff that will keep you coming back! But, back to the food...there is an oyster bar, or a gelato bar, they have switched it back and forth a few times, but regardless, both are great for sitting and sharing a coffee and gelato, or oysters and some vino. What is best about Ventano's however, if it's after hours atmosphere. After the restaurant has cleared out for the evening, the bar remains open. It is a pretty standard bar, but they leave the patio seating that overlooks the city open. When it is a clear night you can see the entire strip, and look down on parts of Green Valley as well. The bartender will come check up on you while you are back there, so you don't even have to get up for drinks. It is a casual spot for a night out, without huge crowds and loud music. Instead, the crowd is minimal (if any) and the music is soft instrumentals. Go for the food, but stick around for a relaxing evening on the patio...pretty fun!Recommended entre: I always get the gnocchi, but with marinara on the side.Recommended drink: Ask you server what red wines are available, I have yet to go wrong with any of their picks.
4	This beautiful restaurant has spectacular views of the Las Vegas Valley. We once again decided to share a warm spinach salad, eggplant rollatini and crme brulee. We declined the fresh out of the oven bread and were shortly served our spinach salad - outstanding as usual. We were a bit surprised when our entre arrived on one plate surrounded by penne. Usually it is served on 2 plates with a side order of linguini - no problem as we divided up the eggplant and penne. We each were thinking there was not much ricotta in the dish, but everything was delicious. Just then the waitress returned with another dish explaining she accidentally served us eggplant parmesan. She said she was the owner's daughter and had never tried either eggplant dish. No problem as we proceeded to make a sizeable dent in the second dish. Last, but by no means least, was a delicious, and, no doubt, calorie free crme brulee.
4	(See Ventano Italian Grill & Seafood )I think I may have discovered my favorite salad in town here. Its not a healthy salad by any means, but it is quite tasty. The Grilled heart of romaine salad. I think I could go back every day. The caprese salad was my old standby, but after being a little adventurous and trying the GHOR salad, I was hooked. Also, the shrimp on a stone, or lamb chops on a stone starters were awesome. I didnt get an entree. because that was enough to fill me up, that and all the beers :) I recommend this place if only for its salads and app's. Plus there is a great patio, with an amazing view of the city.
4	I think I may have discovered my favorite salad in town here. Its not a healthy salad by any means, but it is quite tasty. The Grilled heart of romaine salad. I think I could go back every day. The caprese salad was my old standby, but after being a little adventurous and trying the GHOR salad, I was hooked. Also, the shrimp on a stone, or lamb chops on a stone starters were awesome. I didnt get an entree. because that was enough to fill me up, that and all the beers :) I recommend this place if only for its salads and app's. Plus there is a great patio, with an amazing view of the city.
5	We are so proud to have this fine restaurant just minutes from our house. Several years ago when it first opened, we had lunch and were hooked ever since. Great lunch menu and we are never dissapointed. My wife loves the chicken sandwich, with pasta salad. I will usually have the same, but with coleslaw. Hot fresh bread is served in a bag as a starter and then everything is just fantastic from there on. Always good service although sometimes they may be slightly short handed at lunch time if they are caught off guard and the place fills up, but don't worry about it. The crew is very good!Nice views and modern/rustic decor. They have a private banquet room that was built a year or so ago and that is great for big gatherings. Just a excellent place that we can always count on and bring friends and family when we don't want to drive all over town for dinner. A hidden gem in Henderson!
4	Selected this place after reading great reviews on Yelp. Happy to report that all the reviews were right on! Went for dinner on a relatively quiet Tuesday evening, just in time to watch the sunset and see the lights of Vegas shine. Make sure to get a table by the windows, the view is something, considering you are in Vegas. For dinner we started with the shrimp on a stone $12 and my husband got the Caesar salad $7.50. Both were generous portions and the shrimp was garlicy, hot, and fantastic. That gets 5 stars! They also brought some really tasty bread in a bag. For entrees I got the grilled romaine salad $9 , which was an appetizer salad, but big enough that I couldn't eat half. He got the Pasta Carbonara $15.50 which was also fantastic and so big he could only eat half.The wait staff was very attentive and polite. Our water glasses were constantly full and they checked in every few minutes. The only reason I am not giving it 5 stars is because I am trying to reserve that rating for the truly fantastic. 4 stars is still really awesome. If we lived in Henderson we'd probably eat here all the time!
5	Lat night two couples got together and went to Ventano.  I had heard about the view of the Las Vegas, but it was better in person.  I can't wait to come back and sit outside or at a table with an even better view!The food was AWESOME!  Every dish was excellent.  We all ended up sampling each others food, because we couldn't believe how good it was.We started with Caprese and oysters on the half shell.  Terrific!I had the eggplant rollie, others had eggplant parmesane, lasagna and a veal dish.  EVERY dish was excellent.The service is some of the best, I have ever had.  Walked you through meal choices, asked what you normally like, etc, etc.The wine list is better than average, with better prices than most.We all will be back!
5	great view.  excellent food.  nice patio.  definitely worthy of the reviews and worth trying.
3	(at 7pm) I called to get directions &  then make a reservation @ 730.  I was told that no rez was necessary.  I could tell when we arrived that it would be crowded since the parking lot was completely full.  Luckily, a car started to back out...but when we got in to Ventano's, we were told it would be 30 min or more before we could be seated.  I told the hostesses that I attempted to make a rez but they just shrugged.  Since I had to get my friend to the airport in an hr & 1/2,  I only had 2 choices.  I had the foresight to peek around the corner into the bar area & saw there were ok looking tables there as well as a regular bar.   We sat there.  Our food was fine, we had Veal Piccata & Veal Saltimbocca.   However, I was upset when we left our stuff at/on the table, went outside quickly to look at the view & my leftover was thrown in the garbage.  No apology or anything to save the day.
4	Ventano's was a wonderful place to have dinner in Las Vegas. The restaurant was quite pleasant and the views went on forever. We got there before sunset and were able to watch the sun settle over the mountains and the lights of Las Vegas light up the horizon.The food was quite tasty and the wine list extensive.If you want to escape the gaming and noise in Las Vegas. Take the short drive to Henderson to dine at Ventano's. Or if you have been out at Hoover Dam, just stop off on your way back. It is just off the highway.
4	I wasn't expecting much when we pulled up to the Olive Garden-esque building, but we were hungry.  The interior of the restaurant was huge, with a wall full of windows facing the strip in the distance.  The view was nice and the place had a relaxing vibe to it.My friends and I are, sadly, pretty jaded city folks, so they made fun of me for at least 30 minutes for bringing them to this place.  Especially when they drop bread off in a sack at your table.  Thankfully, Ventano has a pretty good wine list, the server knew what he was talking about, and the food looked fantastic, all for a reasonable price.  Ha ha ha, I laugh at them!I enjoyed a couple of glasses of server recommended zinfandel and he was right, it was tasty.  My friend ordered the caprese salad.  It was huge so a few of us snuck a bite.  So delicious.  But the highlight of the evening was the Rigatoni Portofino.  OMG, so good!  It's been a few weeks since I had it and my mouth is still watering at the thought of it.  The pink sauce was surprisingly light and flavorful.  I was just wishing I had a fridge and microwave to take it home to!Ventano is definitely a family friendly place, but the food is amazing and well worth the trip.
2	This was my second visit, the first being worthy of a second.  Sadly, perhaps they changed chefs or it was a bad night as everything was sooo tasteless and yet extremely salty. Our bus boy must have been jilted by someone as he scowled and slammed dishes about.  The waiter was mostly absentee... I don't think I'll be going back for thirds.
4	Despite the fact that the table we sat at was right next to the pathway for all of the bus boys and waiters to walk through, the view was amazing and the food was good. Ambiance plays a good role in having a nice, romantic dinner but we had a good time.It's kind of awkward driving up through residential areas to finally find this restaurant but it is beautiful.
3	Below average service, above average food. When I dined here, in late February 2010, we went through 3 servers. The first server took our appetizer order, and he was wonderful. Then our *new* server came to finish our order for the entrees. When our food was delivered, my entree was completely wrong, he admitted to me that he pressed the wrong button, honest mistake. That was the last of him, I didn't receive my meal till after the rest of my party had finished theirs, and our *new new* server came to drop off our check.The food was good, I had the lobster ravioli, and my one of my friends had the mahi mahi special. This place is priced moderately, and the view is pretty nice. Ask for a balcony seat, weather permitting, real nice scenery.
5	I found this place on yelp and I'm glad I did or I never would of tried it because of where it's at. I'm only 5 minutes away but almost never go down the street it's on. First off whom ever does the marketing for this place is smarter then 95% of the business owners out there that don't understand giving coupons on yelp is a cash cow it terms of ROI. You knocked off 20% of my meal for being on yelp and you got a great review and a customer you would of never had.About the food. It was great. The bread sticks were fresh and hot. The tomato soup was rich and out of this world. Great with the bread sticks. My whole meal was great. I'll be back.
4	A few weeks ago was looking on yelp for a place fairly close to home with a patio ... which is not easy to find in this town.  Crazy, since I'm originally from Chicago in which the weather is good approximately 5 days a year (insert  sarcasm here) and yet there is a patio on every other eating establishment.  Anyway, I digress....Let's start off with the view - fan-flipping-tastic!  If you find yourself in Henderson this is the place for a great view of the strip and also a nice sunset.  The patio has heaters and misters, too!Now the food - the shrimp appetizer on the rock was okay, differnet and good sauce.  Just didn't blow me away.  BF had the lobster ravioli and loved it.  My first visit I had the dish with chicken/mushrooms/pasta that is baked - yummy!  The second visit I had the rigatoni portofino - super yummy!  The bf must have really liked the lobster rav a bunch since he had it on the second visit, too!As for the food, what did blow me away was the grilled romaine salad.  It has gorgonzola cheese and proscuitto and OMG - it does rock my world!  I may have to try this at home, which I am sure won't be quite as good as this.  This is as good as it gets!  Its a large salad so we did share (2 of us).  GREAT wine list and VERY reasonable prices.Friendly staff, servers and GM.  Look forward to going to a wine dinner, which the GM indicated they have every now and again if we get on the mail list.  So we did!  He indicated they are usually on Fridays.Go for the view and stay for the food....and can't forget some good decent priced wine, too!
1	I understand that 4th of July weekend is a busy weekend for the food industry and service might be slow, but the service was HORRIBLE!!!!We had a party of 4, on 7/4. We're seated in a "okay" matter of time, but the couple in front of us seemed like they were waiting for a while and was getting really mad... We got a window seat to see the fireworks on the strip and the neighboring casinos.There seemed like 3 waitress & waiters, with 10 bus-boys running around. Our waters and soda never went dry but we waited over 30minutes to get our desserts and another 15 to get the bill. Honestly I can't remember my meal because I was so annoyed with how poor the service was.I gave one star because the Tiramisu was pretty good. Otherwise I will not be going there again.... If my bf can play a game on my iPhone and win his highest scoring game, there is a BIG issue with the service... :(
4	Shortly after I moved to Las Vegas, friends took my husband and me to Ventano's. It was a great time but we ended up frequenting La Collina/Carmine's on the Hill when we wanted a nice Italian meal and a great view. Since La Collina/Carmine's on the Hill is now a Mexican restaurant,my husband and I decided to give Ventano's another shot. First off, the view. It's fabulous. When the weather is nice they have a lovely patio where you can sit and eat as you look at the lights of the Strip. It's still summer, and a hot one as usual, so we decided to sit indoors near the windows. When the sun was setting, staff went outside and dropped the shades so myself and others would not be blinded. As soon as the sun fell below the horizon, they put it back up. Nice service.We decided on some wine, and some complimentary bread was brought out in a brown paper bag. I try not to fill up on bread when I am having Italian food but this bread was really yummy. We also decided to get the shrimp on a stone appetizer, having remembered how good it was when our friends ordered it on our first visit. My husband is not a fan of any form of sea/lake dwelling creature, but he ate some of these.  For our entrees my husband had the manicotti, I had risotto with prosciutto and peas, I didn't try the manicotti, because my risotto was delicious. And the serving was huge. When I was done it looked like I had just gotten started. But I was too stuffed to get dessert. Service was very much on point for the majority of the evening. Never had to ask for a refill and our waiter checked in on how we were doing on occasion without being overbearing. When it was time for the leftovers to be packaged up and the check to be brought over the restaurant was a little fuller so we had a itty bit wait but it was really nothing that would prevent me from returning.
4	Overall, nice local place to enjoy with A-1 View.View - OK, the view is better than the food, but that is because it is a great view.Reservationists - The staff taking reservations are generally very nice and pleasant.  Local restaurant, Doesn't seem to have a database to remember you by, or to promote their restaurant to you for more visits.Ambiance - Very nice overall. From very casual and family in shorts to business / smart casual or more.Parking - Great and easy.Food - Stone crab appetizers are great. Mussels are wonderful. All the food here is good. Anything outstanding, naw, but overall, you will never go wrong.  The Baby Back Ribs were quite a pleasant surprise and I would recommend this to anyone that is not sure what they want.   The Cioppino is something not on all menus and this is a nice dish.  I tend to measure a great Italian Restaurant by it's Osso Bucco, but this is not on the menu. Plenty of other good t hings though.Check it out you will be happy.
5	Amazing food.....exceptional service.....gorgeous view!  Who could want more???  I could have made an entire meal off of the bread that was served prior to the meal.....warm and SO delicious!  Every person in our party LOVED every item ordered....we left full and happy!  Don't skip dessert....the creme brulee' and tiramisu were both outstanding!  I'll definitely be back when I'm in town......
3	Great view, nice bar, cool atmosphere. You have to try the shrimp on a stone!
3	I have lived in the area forever and never been here, so I decided it was time. Okay, the view, we get it. IT'S LOVELY... and quite perfect. I really do love the view, but the other reviews definitely cover this part:]. The restaurant is very elegant, cozy, and spacious enough to have your own conversation without someone eavesdropping. My favorite part about Ventano's is the staff. They were all super friendly and kept my water glass full (my favorite) and made sure everything was up to par. As for the food, I felt it was mediocre. The bread served before the meal was not as I expected. They seemed like pre-made (wannabe) fresh bread sticks, but they give you oil and balsamic vinegar for dipping, I'm not sure if I should be feeling this confusion with bread and dipping... but I associate oil and vinegar with fresh bread. For an entree I got a pesto dish, which.. Yes, was good.. but I still feel it was average. My friend got another pasta dish with spicy marinara which he enjoyed. We also indulged in dessert.. tiramisu. Enjoyed this as well. Ventano's is good. Nothing more, nothing less. I enjoyed my experience here, and food was definitely a step above an Olive Garden. I will be back on the occasion.
4	We stopped here on our way back from the Hoover Dam, because we were too hungry to make it back to Vegas.  We were really glad we did.  We got a table with a wonderful view.  The four of us ordered: rigatoni portofino, linguine vongole, shrimp scampi, and lasagna.  The lasagna seemed to be a bit oily, but the rest of us raved about our dishes.  They had a good beer and wine selection as well. Service was a bit slow, but not bad.  Highly recommend.
3	A very solid 3.5 stars maybe even 3.75! Obviously the view will out do the food every time. And we went on New Years eve and it was very busy...so the service was on the slow side but not as slow as you would expect for a New Years Eve. I was assured several times that every table has a view...except for the one we sat at!! I was so disappointed. Our table looked like it had just been thrown in an awkward space just to get two more people in. The bread sticks came in a paper bag and I wasn't a fan. Maybe they're trying to be rustic, like this how they served it in "olde" Italy but I just thought it was lame. We ordered the risotto balls for appetizer and it was good. They were deep fried so it was a bit greasy. The tomato sauce that was served with the appetizer was delicious. My husband ordered eggplant rollatini and it was fabulous! He loved it and I loved it too! I ordered the lasagna and it was good. Spectacular? No. Here's the problem with my lasagna--it was so hot temperature wise that I couldn't even eat it. It was like boiling! So by the time my husband was done, I was just starting. We also ordered a side of meatballs and they were nice, dense meatballs but again I wasn't blown away. We finished with canolis and they were huge! One order is 2 canolis so we didn't have to share. The shells were crisp and authentic the filling was real ricotta cheese not the fake junk a lot of Italian places use these days. The food is good--it's not bad by any means and it's a bit over priced. $17 for lasagna is a bit high. I probably wouldn't think that had I had a great view to look at. As a matter of fact, I bet when you're gazing out their windows upon the spectacular view of the city, the food is the best food you've ever had! And the prices seem much more reasonable too! We will return and hopefully have a better table. It is worth a second a chance.
5	Ate here on New Years Eve and our table was so far from anything you can call a view, so we decided to try again. We were seated as what was called the the best seat in the house-window side and it was really great. Finally! Now, I know what all the fuss is about! The view is spectacular! I ordered a small green salad-I believe a restaurant is only as good as it's house dressing. And it was outstanding. My husband ordered Tortellini Ventano-cheese tortellini, mushrooms and chicken in pink sauce and he loved it. Definitely would order again. Served piping hot-like usual. When I say piping, I mean this food is served so hot it takes awhile to cool down, so order another glass of wine and relax! I ordered a combination of linguine with shrimp in a creamy, lemon garlic butter sauce and Ventano Spiedini-chicken cutlets, lightly breaded, stuffed with mozzarella & Parmesan, rolled and skewered. topped with pomodoro sauce. OUT OF THIS WORLD!!!! The shrimp scampi sauce was a bit to lemony, but it was really delicious. Those chicken cutlets were extraordinary. I can't imagine ever having a more delicious chicken dish at any restaurant. They serve the Spiedini as an entree which I would not hesitate to order, but I couldn't decide between a seafood dish and the chicken, so I opted for the combo. Was not disappointed and will return again and again and again! The restaurant is nice with an open seating area and a level of elevated seating that looks like a great place to enjoy the view if you are not lucky enough to get a window seat. There is an outdoor patio which I bet is fabulous when it's not freezing cold! Can't wait to enjoy a meal out there! This place has won me over and the service was equally as great! I can not say enough great things about this place! So, I was right; in my first review I stated that the food is probably better--and prices too--if you sit at a table with a view. The food & the view totally play off eachother--is the view so wonderful cuz the food is great? Or is the food great cuz the view is so amazing? Who knows? Who cares?! I'm in!
4	Part AWe went here for a (semi-formal) wedding reception- the room was huge. The guest tables were round tables with chairs. Elegant ambiance. The food was excellent. The dish I remember the most is the grilled shrimp (so delicious) on the stone- when we saw the stones getting taken back with some shrimp left, we thought, "What a waste!" The staff, although busy, was excellent in their table service (several courses/sit down dinner). I hate when they start taking away plates when you're not done- but that didn't happen here. The event was well-organized as far as wedding receptions go. So, the four stars are strictly for the wedding reception and food. Part BThe location of the restaurant overlooking a sweeping view of the Las Vegas Strip was pretty strategic/smart. Didn't really witness it at this particular time (as it got dark- Part A), but we did notice it when having dinner with the in-laws (live on that side of town). Of course this was foiled since the restaurant was closed for an event, which was funny, because there should be a sign of some sort. Instead of, "We're sorry, we're closed for an event. We're not really taking any more customers" So we went to Carrabba's instead.
4	Very good seafood and pasta!  The service has been attentive both times we visited.  Great view of the valley!
4	Absolutely great food! It was Delicious, good price, big servings, great view, nice and quite. My only complain tho, is the service from the Hostess, they suck! get them off their phones and have them seat people. this place would be a 5 star if it wern't for that.
5	I don't know where to start. Let's say I'm their new #1 fan. My husband used the new OpenTable Yelp function to reserve our Valentine's Day dinner here. He requested a view and by golly we got it. Seated outside (under a ton of wonderful heat lamps) it was very cozy and a view of the entire strip. Quiet, as Frand Sinatra played in the background, we sipped Pellegrino and I had the Special, Filet Mignon with Lobster Claw meat, mashed potatoes and green beans. BEST STEAK ...(((omg)))...WOW! It was like cutting butter, tasted amazing, my husband was eyeing my food all night, but he enjoyed his chicken piccata anyways. Service was very friendly and offered to take our picture as well. Great food, prices, atmosphere. I can't wait to come back soon. (Hint, Hint Alton T.!!!)
3	This is good Italian food and at a fair price. Sat in the bar and had to deal with the poker machine getting in the way of my plate, but this is Vegas after all. The bartender was attentive and friendly.In short, this place is good, but there was nothing about it that stood out and made it more than an average experience.
2	I am writing this review while waiting for my check. My wife and I came here for the first time on our anniversary for dinner and everything was excellent. Amazing food and Carlos, gave us great service with great suggestions and explanations. This is our second time here and this time around, we decided to come for lunch. Bad move. We first walk in and we are greeted but and we sat down, one guy asks us if ee want beverages and he brings my wife the wrong beverage. In addition, We had a groupon that we wanted to use and we asked them 3 different times if it was acceptable even though it said dinner. He finally tells us it is no good then walks away instead of asking us if we were ready to order even though we had been ready for ten minutes already. We asked for some bread and he says right away, 15 minutes later we still don't have any bread. I assumed it was cooking but he never told us it was in the oven and it would be a few more minutes or anything like that. Finally we order and it takes another 30 minutes or so. So roughly, 50 minutes into us being there we finally get our food. It was delicious. Sometime during the meal I asked for more bread and of course, we never get it nor does he ever tell us it was cooking. I asked for a refill on water and I get another Ginger Ale. It seemed like this duo couldn't grt a damn thing right. Did I mention we had an empty glass sitting on our table for half an hour while eating our food? The food is delicious but if this is the service we get, then surely it will be the last time we come here. If we are gracious enough to come back, we are definitely going for dinner, not lunch.
5	Being in the restaurant industry I always like to go to the places that my fellow co workers tell me about. My sous chef told me about Ventano's and knowing that my wife loves Italian good it made total sense to go there. We have been there twice in the past three weeks and love everything about this place. The food is great, the service is on point and the atmosphere is great. I have to admit that the view is the best in Las Vegas. I love the short rib special and my wife loves any pasta with the meat sauce. If you are looking for a nice place to getaway to and try some awesome Italian, Ventano's is the place to go.
4	Very good food. Pleasant staff. Great view. Love the rock shrip. Really worth the trip!
5	Ventano's has been a secret place for my boyfriend and I to get away and have a romantic dinner. We have always gone at night, sit either outside on the patio, or dine right next to the huge windows that overlooks the strip. Aside from the ambiance, the Italian food is absolutely amazing. We love to try their specials, but  in general, we love getting their beef carpaccio, braised beef ribs with balsamic glaze, and some type of of seafood pasta with red sauce. YUM... if you ever want to get away from the strip and eat at a local place, go to Ventano's... promise you wont be disappointed :)
3	The atmosphere of this place is great! However, the food is average at best.  I would've have given the place four stars and the food two stars, hence the three star rating.The view and out door patio are terrific! They had a nice wine selection and the Riesling was delish.  The staff is excellent in every aspect.  But, I found myself wishing the food was just a bit better.  They give you bread sticks in a paper bag before your meal with olive oil and balsamic for dipping.  Yes, this is cute and the bread stayed warm,  but it didn't taste fresh or house made.  I had a Caesar salad which was pretty good and definitely a large portion for a dinner salad.For the main course, I had capellini pomodoro. It was okay.  Nothing to write home about. I think they used canned tomatoes.  It was a huge portion and I don't think I even ate half of it.  My husband ordered the ribeye steak and shrimp special, which I of course sampled.  The steak was covered in a peppercorn sauce.  The sauce itself was good but too heavy and not necessary on a good steak.  Plus the sauce looked like it sat on top of the steak for awhile and had slightly congealed.  He loved the shrimp.  It came with au gratin potatoes which looked more like mashed potatoes au gratin style.  They tasted okay but perhaps they were a day old.  This time we did not have dessert.I was craving pasta primavera with fresh vegetables and they didn't have that option on the menu.  Before we completely write this place off, I am definitely going back to try a different dish and dessert.  It really is a lovely restaurant.  I want the food to live up to the staff's service and the perfect view of the city!
4	Don't come any earlier than dusk or it will be blinding light in the dining room....yummy breadsticks come in a paper bag!  Downside: it's expensive.Make a reservation for outside.  Gorgeous   view!
5	I have been meaning to review this restaurant since I and my family dined there a month ago.  I am in love!  The wine list was wonderful and the calamari was crazy good!  Even my three-year-old daughter ate it and she is a picky eater.  They served my daughter meatballs the size of her head and my lobster ravioli was amazing!  Pricing was reasonable; we will definitely be visiting Ventano's again! #yum
2	We came here awhile back for lunch. We came here b/c at the time It said that we would get a % off If we mentioned we saw this on Yelp. This is the specific reason we went there and had even heard of it. I ordered the Puttanesca and my bf ordered a baked cheese something or another. His tasted great, mine was very bland. I wouldnt reorder this again. The breadsticks in the bag were good and garlicky but I cant eat them so it was more torture to just get a small nibble . . to know its good and not be able to eat it.. :(Well here's where the deduction for the add'l 2 starts comes from:We asked for the check and mentioned we saw this on Yelp. He said he didnt know anything about it. Normally I'd just let this go but it was the way he spoke to us very condescending and I felt a little disrespected. I asked him if he had a manager (which I NEVER EVER do) he left and came back and said oh he's out for a little bit, I said ok, well can you call him? yes... that was little ole me asking for the manager to be phoned. I said I didnt think it was right to advertise buy one get one 1/2 off  if you mention you saw it on Yelp and then take it back once you get people in. that's false advertising... He came back and said he called the manager, and that he agreed to take off the discount which was probably no more than $6 or $7 at most. All that for $6.00, really? you're willing to risk losing a customers over that? well they must not be hurting if they can risk being rude. . Would I come back? maybe, ok, let's be honest probably not likely considering there are sooo many places in LV and Henderson where I can spend my $. They do have a nice view in the afternoon/night if you sit by the window. HOwever, I've also heard you get that same great view if you goto Lindo Michoacan. . .
3	Nice ambiance, with a gorgeous view from the patio...definitely recommend asking for a table outside.Food was good, albeit a tad on the pricey side. I had the cheese tortellini which I enjoyed.  The breadsticks were probably what I enjoyed most though! Yum.I would definitely return to try more of the menu.
5	Great experience. I was recommended this place by two of my co-workers. I have heard about it for quite some time, but since it's nowhere near my neighborhood, I hadn't made my way down there until yesterday for Mother's Day. My fella and I took our mom's here for a Mother's Day lunch. Both of them adore Italian food and we wanted to take them some place they hadn't tried before. My fella isn't as keen on Italian food as the rest of us, so he wasn't thrilled, but wanted to make the mommies happy. We walked up and the smell was intoxicating and inviting. We asked for a window table, which is totally worth it by the way. There are great views of the strip, It would probably be much better during the evening to see the lights on the strip, but it's still worth it. Our server was incredibly friendly and helpful. The food was delicious and even my fella was sold on this place. I ordered the Cioppino, since I was trying to eat a little lighter than usual after a very filling meal the night before. The Cioppino was heavenly. Tasty and fragrant, just as I was hoping. My mom got the lasagna and she was in love with it. The portions were large and even after eating and sharing her meal with everyone, there was more than half left to take home for dinner. My fella got the filet with shrimp and he loved it. The shrimp were grilled and delicious. Great choice. I was looking around from table to table and everyone's dishes looked great. I can't wait to try this place again in the evening when it's warm and clear enough for a nice view of the strip on the patio. I won't even mind the drive.
3	We eat out frequently since we have just moved to Las Vegas from San Diego.  We have always enjoyed neighborhood Italian restaurants and decided to try Ventano.  After we were seated, we were served a very nice bag of Italian bread with olive oil and balsamic vinegar.   Nice touch!    Our food order was taken quickly and we received our food within a reasonable amount of time.   The soup was a little bland and the Salad Caprise was a little warm.   My husband ordered the Spagetti Bolanase which was good.We had to wait a very long time for the check and frequently requested the check be brought to our table.   20 minutes is really too long for a check to be presented after the meal, IMHO.If you don't like tomatoes in your sauces, this is not the place for you!
4	The beautiful, modern restaurant sits on a hillside overlooking the Las Vegas Valley and continues to be our favorite southern Italian eatery. This evening we shared a delicious grilled hearts of romaine salad with prosciutto, the world's best eggplant rollatini plus a pair of merlots.
5	The view and ambiance are almost as amazing as the food! I always order one of the chefs specials and have never been disappointed!
4	This place was great. The price was little bit more than I would have thought but it does offer a well portioned plate for your money. The inside is clean and nice looking and the view of the city is right on. My girlfriend and I have already planned to go back for the fourth of july. The servers where very informed on the dishes and even helped us with our picks for our meals which where outstanding in flavor and came to the tables hot. Great place to go eat for a first date or night out.
4	Went there after my brothers graduation last night. Our family loves this spot and we were so excited to go back. Here is what we ordered:1. Costelette di mialae- honey balsamic ribs served with perfectly seasoned roasted potatoes. lol everyone who ordered this dish thought it tasted and smelled a lot like pork adobo. They used similar ingredients like vinegar, bay leaves, peppercorns, honey. 4 out of the 8 people who went got this dish and the ribs were falling off the bone amazing!2. Linguine alla vongole- My mom got it with shrimp (6 huge pieces) and I got it with clams, both with a white wine sauce. The dish was good, but out of all the pasta dishes, we feel like they went a little skimpy on the pasta... $18.50 and they gave us literally 4 spoonfuls of pasta.... pasta costs $.50, we wanted to tell the waiter but we were all too hungry to send it back.3. Ventano Tortellini- My brother ordered this dish and it was another success! Went it got to the table, the cheese & sauce was nice and bubbling because it was cooked in a ceramic pot. Tortellini was perfect 'al dente'. YUM4. Ventano Chicken Spedini- Came with linguine pasta, the chicken was so tender!5. Calimari- not greasy, crispy, and the marinara sauce it came with was so fresh. Overall, everyone left with a satisfied belly. Our family and friends love coming here because the view is just amazing, staff is friendly, and the food is authentic!
3	Three of us had dinner here tonight to try something new and use a Groupon.  The dinners were OK--nothing exceptional nor outstanding.  For an appetizer, two of us shared the 1/2 pound of shrimp on a sizzling granite stone.  The shrimp were tiny things, but tasty.  The dipping sauce was quite good, but the shrimp could have used some more spicing.  One had a Caesar salad that was very good, perhaps the best dish of the evening.For main courses, we had Ventano Spiedini (chicken cutlets stuffed with cheese), Risotto Alla Milanese with blackened shrimp(4), and Chicken Saltimbocca.  We all thought the dishes were OK.  The sauce of my saltimbocca was very good.  The person who had the risotto was disappointed with the dish. The chef does not use any salt.  My wife, who rarely salts anything, used more than I've ever seen.We skipped dessert.  Service was very good.  Our server was top notch.  The bus person could have refilled the iced tea faster, but that was minor.The view would be excellent on a cooler evening, enjoying the lighted Strip from the patio.  I don't think I'd return.
4	Best meal that I ate while in Las Vegas! I had the sauteed scallops and shrimp with asparagus, a roasted tomato and risotto (in this case-rice; I'm used to risotto being a pasta) delicious nonetheless. 5 stars for their roasted tomato (soup or bisque) yummm, I wish I had some right now! Loved their canoli Great ambiance Great company.Our friends that took us there had some fall off the bone short ribs which he really liked. His wife and daughter standardly get the grilled romaine (it looked good)The service was really good.
5	love the grill hearts of romaine, bisque and shrimp on the stone. Nice wine dinners and list. Great service and staff including Arenode and Rudy. Ask for Amy as watress. Great patio dining with view of all of vegas!
5	Hands down best Italian food place in Vegas plus the best service that I had at any restaurant. We sat in the booth so we had a nice view of the strip. The breadsticks were good and we ordered the half pound of grilled shrimp as the appetizer which was excellent. I had the shrimp scampi which was excellent. Everyone that I was with enjoyed their meal. Our drinks never went below the halfway point. I like how you can pay at the table when your done. The waiter will bring a small machine that you can swipe your card on and put the tip in the total. Great atmosphere to eat in and I highly recommend this place but if your overweight the only healthy thing they have is the half pound of grilled shrimp appetizer. If your obese stay out of this place because you will eat a 1,800 plus calorie meal along with the breadsticks and like the typical American that you are you probably going to eat desert which you clearly don't need. Just giving free advice so that you can live longer.
4	Second time there and again we were impressed. Our friends and us wanted to get away from the crazy crowds on the strip so we took a short drive to Ventano in Henderson. Glad we did. Great food, great view, and great service. My wife had the oysters to start which were delish. Eggplant dishes are good. The side of meatballs was very good too. I'll definitely go back for Italian food again.
3	With Groupon in hand, my wife, visiting mother, and I coasted into Ventano for dinner on the way between Laughlin and North Las Vegas. We had reservations so were able to be seated in a comfortable booth, and the meal started off well enough, but too soon it became like riding a roller coaster that eventually fell off the tracks. I thought warm bread brought to the table and left there in a brown bag was a nice rustic touch. Vinegar and oil were promptly poured, but I had to ask for butter THREE times before any was brought to the table. Calamari Fritti with a fruity flavored, miso-based Chili Sauce nicely complemented the large serving of tender, lightly breaded Calamari. And, a Lemon Aioli was also prepared and brought out on request. It was rather oily, but lemony as well, and it was a nice gesture of the kitchen to whip it up on short notice, and not charge for this extra condiment. The spicy Marinara Sauce also served with the Calamari was mild but not very flavorful. A Caesar Salad featuring Romaine Lettuce as it should was enhanced by an excellent creamy Caesar dressing, but I had to ask for ground pepper to be sprinkled over the greens. Presentation was nice on a porcelain plate featuring a green leaf design. At this point what ensued was a tremendous wait between remaining courses. For some reason, the waiter did not take our entree orders until 20 minutes after the Calamari appetizer was finished. Then we watched TWO tablefuls of diners who came in after we had already been seated get their entrees served before us, finish their meals, have their leftovers bagged, chat a bit while sipping wine, and then leave the premises before we were ever served any of our entrees. The setting was romantic, with a very nice view of the Stratosphere in the distance. But by now my wife was understandably grumpy because she was starving! It was around an hour of dead time before the entrees were at last brought to us. When they did, Shrimp Angelo with Penne coated in Lemon Butter Sauce was good but not so for real thick Alfredo Sauce. And, I was surprised to see that, rather than being cooked within layers of veal and sage, just one length of Prosciutto that didn't even appear to have been fully cooked had been spread on top of my Veal Saltimbocca. And, only little pieces of sage were mixed in with the veal. Otherwise, the veal in a light amount of Lemon Butter Sauce was tasty next to Fettuccine Alfredo. But this was not classic Veal Saltimbocca. However, Roasted Potatoes were great. We were never given a chance to order dessert. Instead, our contrite server, unbidden, brought out an excellent Tiramisu that was not too heavy on coffee flavoring, and said that this was compliments of the house to make up for our long wait between courses that he claimed occurred because the kitchen "got behind." But he didn't explain how other later-arriving diners were able to leapfrog us in receiving their food orders. At Ventano this night, I even ran into aggravation inside the men's restroom. First, the water from a faucet would not shut off. Then I learned that only one of two so-called motion sensor towel dispensers was working. What ensued next was a battle to attract the attention of this Sensor Cut paper towel machine to recognize my frantic movements and cajole it to finally disgorge two paper towels so I could dry my wet hands. I haven't decided yet whether or not I will give Ventano another chance to redeem itself. The food was pretty tasty on the whole, and the ambiance very nice. But there are so many other Italian restaurants in the Las Vegas valley where the food is equally good or even better tasting, and where one doesn't have to be concerned about possible one- or two-star service to accompany what could very well be four-star food.
5	My all time favorite Vegas/Henderson restaurant! The view is amazing, the food is the best in town. Most of my family doesn't even open their menus anymore and orders whatever that night's chef special is. Me, I am in love with the Spedini.
4	Ventano sounds like your cool Italian cousin from back east that make a mean ravaoli! Well, that is not to far off for this place. Ventano's is located in the heart of Henderson and overlooks beautiful Las Vegas. One of the prettiest views in the city. Great place for a romantic dinner for too or to enjoy the company of good friends. Pros: The atmosphere is very relaxing with a beautiful Italian / Tuscan feel with amazing views of the strip. The service is always great and everyone is extremely friendly.The food is always good and they serve good size portions so you should not ever leave hungry.Cons:They bring a credit card machine to your table after your meal and do the transaction right there. I HATE this! You feel pressure to tip in front of your server. I just think it makes for an uncomforatble feel and they should consider just taking your check, running your card and letting you fill it out like most places. In fact, we have not gone here because we do not like to end the meal with this weird machine and our server staring us down. Not that our service has not ever been less than great, it is just a weird feeling.All in all though, its a nice place. If you want to avoid the awkward pay at the  end... just bring cash :)
5	My boyfriend and I had a groupon for this restaurant. We wanted to try this place for a first time. When we got there, we were welcomed and seated in a booth (we had a view of Las Vegas, it's a plus). They put a brown bag  in the table and when I opened the bag, it was two pieces of bread. I tried it, it was warm and soft and then someone came to my table and brought some balsamic vinegar and olive oil. Bread + Balsamic vinegar and oil = delicious.    For appetizer, we order Calamari Fritti. It was good, it has a lot flavor but it was a little greasy. The calamari was crunchy and easy to eat. The serving for the calamari is pretty decent. For our entree, I ordered Linguine alla Vongole (clams and linguine w/ your choice of red or white sauce) and my boyfriend ordered Lobster Ravioli. My linguine alla vongole was so good. It has a lot of flavor and there was a lot of clams in my dish. My boyfriend also like his food. I asked my bf if I could have a little taste of it. The lobster ravioli was good and it has a lot of flavor but I didn't really taste the lobster, I would rather stick with what I had ordered.   The server and the service at this place was excellent. I would come back again!
4	Went here for lunch with my husband and was nice being able to pick any seat in the restaurant since it wasn't so packed. We sat by the window and enjoyed a view of the strip... I can only imagine how pretty it is at night with everything lit up. The service was good and the food was delicious. We're planning on going back here sometimes to enjoy a dinner with a view, so i'll update my review once that happens but for now, i'll say that its a great place for a date! :)
1	Horrible carry out service. Gave me wrong order, had to drive back to pick up correct order while rest of food got cold. They didn't even offer an apology. Will not go back. Try Tuscany for dinner much better food and service. How do you mess up spaghetti with meat sauce? Come on really?
5	I LOVE this spot.  I can't even begin to guess how many times I've visited, but I'll just leave it at a LOT.  Everything I've ever tried is like Tony the Tiger says, GRRRRR-eat!  My personal fav, which is not on the menu is the seafood pizza.  A friend tipped me onto this little heavenly secret and I've gotta tell ya, it's more addictive than crack.  I normally start the night with the Shrimp on the Stone, which is accompanied by a honey mustard dipping sauce to top off the sizzly shrimp goodness.My partner in crime goes absolutely bananas for their Chicken Saltimbocca, which is cooked with sage and topped with prosciutto in a white wine sauce.  I'm also a sucker for Cioppino, which they don't disappoint.  I like to sit at the bar and play video poker while I dine because they have the very best bartenders who take outstanding care of me.  Rich & Patty - go find them and tell them that Stephanie sent you!  I always have such a blast on every visit, which turns into hours of fun.  If the weather is nice, they have a lovely patio with a gorgeous view of the strip.  I love bringing out of town guest here to dine on the patio.  Located in Henderson, it's truly an off the beaten path gem that tourists are unlikely to stumble upon.  Everyone I've ever brought here has fallen in love.They often host special wine pairing dinners.  Events include 5 delicious courses, each paired with their own wines.  The pours are very generous.  These events turn into a big party where my friends and I often make new friends.
4	Good food, sat outside, was a very nice evening. Our waiter was very nice and fast!!!
4	I like this place. I've eaten lunch a few times here. My favorites is the shrimp on stone, its an appetizer but with the fresh bread with balsamic and oil, it's a very filling meal.I also liked the gnocchi and lamb chops.
3	We ate here with a group for a friends birthday celebration. The restaurant is romantic with its dimmed lights, candle light, and view of the city lights. The staff was very pleasant, helpful, and efficient.The food was good but nothing extraordinary. I got Shrimp Francese with angel hair pasta and my husband got the Rib Eye Special of the Day with seasoned shrimp, green beans and baked potato. The complimentary breadsticks they serve were good with olive oil and balsamic. Prices were a tad high in my opinion. Everyone seemed to like their food but no one was gushing over their meal.I would go back if I had a coupon. I wouldn't rave to my friends about it. Maybe my taste in Italian food has changed since I just got back from Italy.
5	This is by far my favorite Italian restaurant in Las Vegas. I gave a few gift certificates to my brother to use on date nights with his girlfriend and they both loved their experience every time. He told me the food is always phenomenal and the service couldn't be any better than perfect!!! I came here on a random moment and the hostess kindly sat me in a booth that had a spectacular view of the Strip. I took a photo, but it really doesn't justify how breathtaking it looked being there. I would definitely recommend anybody that is looking for a romantic spot for a date, anniversary, birthday, you name it.. any celebration.. this would definitely be a wonderful option to consider. I was greeted by a busser? named Kevin and surprisingly he took care of me during my whole time dining there. The first that I ever experienced, but I didn't mind at all, since he was very attentive and gave me exceptional guest service from being my server, busser, and runner. Even boxed my leftovers and refilled my raspberry iced tea without having to ask not even once!!!After placing my order, Kevin brought out a brown bag accompanied with extra virgin olive oil and balsamic vinegar on the side. The idea of having two warm soft pillow bread sticks waiting for you in a brown bag was actually quite appealing and made it more appetizing to eat. It tasted light and delicious... warm bread sticks are hard to say no to... I indulged and enjoyed them.For appetizer.. I ordered the Calamari Fritti. Love that it wasn't deeply fried to crisp, but just enough so you can enjoy the airy crunch and lightly breaded squid. I was given two sauces: a spicy marinara and a miso chili sauce that was in a black plastic sample cup to try out. Both sauces were delicious... the spicy marinara tasted so fresh like they just whipped that sauce together like it was made to order. The miso chili sauce was incredible in flavor... I wish they could make this in a jar to take home!!! It had this sweetness and then a tangy end note.. went very well with the calamari. I could have ate this like popcorn in a movie theater... stop only when there's nothing left :) For the main entree... I ordered the Lobster Ravioli. The portion was beautiful... there were four plumply rounded raviolis with three enormously sized blackened shrimps, and three thick asparagus cooked to perfection. The pink sauce was oh so savory and the flavors were so balanced.. nothing was too rich to enjoy. The shrimp was tender and the spice gave it such an impact of delight. The ravioli was filled with a generous amount of lobster meat and the texture from the pasta itself was wonderful. Texture always gets me in pasta and this was definitely a winner. I can't leave an Italian restaurant without trying my favorite dessert... Tiramisu!!! Great presentation and goodness gracious was it GOOD. One bite and I was dizzy from overdrive of joy. It comes with one lady finger cookie, topped with shaved dark chocolate flakes, and the filling also had bits of this flake, which was pleasing to break in your mouth and gave it... Character. The whipped cream was heavenly... so fresh and cooling to the tongue. I imagined bathing in this, it felt so silky and smooth in my mouth... AMAZING. The breading with the filling was luscious, soft, and moist. One of the best Tiramisu I ever had. Mind blowing magnificent in Tiramisu creations. Overall, this place is striving with excellence.. in food and service. I came here right when they opened for dinner at 5p.m., not even 30 mins. and this whole place was packed. Must be a locals hangout or favorite. My favorite in Italian cuisine and definitely one that I rave about to many!!!
4	I took my girlfriend here on our first date and I don't think I could have made a better choice. The interior was softly lit and the music was pleasant. The walls and decorations had a beautiful rustic feel...a perfect romantic atmosphere for any couple. The staff was exquisitely polite. The bread was fantastic and seemed pretty authentic to me. We had a Zinfandel to complement the food and they were generous with the serving size. My girlfriend had the lasagna and I went with a steak. It was one of the best seasoned steaks I've ever had... and it came with seasoned juicy shrimp and this buttery delicious bread that was quite rich. That's not to mention our fabulous view of the strip as the sun was setting. It wasn't exactly cheap but that sort of quality never is. We will definitely be back here.
4	Went here on the fourth of july and the food was awesome took family with me and they all had the same feeling this place is wonderful.
4	I've been here a few times and have had very good experiences. Honestly, I'm not a fan of Italian typically, but this place makes me forget that. They have many grilled items that I enjoy as well as some of their pastas. My girl and I took our mothers for Mothers Day and they loved it. Great views of the strip, too. We'd come more often if we didn't live so far.
5	Always ask about their specials! They are amazing and always are willing to customize any dish. I can't remember the name of special#3,it was a pasta with crab, lobster, shrimp, etc. I had them sub Alfredo sauce instead of red sauce. I also had their house merlot. I am the happiest diner in town!!! Yummy!!
5	One of the best Italian restaurants around. Every time we have gone, the food & service have been exceptional. They even accommodated us when our family of 5 showed up on the second Saturday of December completely forgetting about all the Company Holiday parties that were going on. We were completely understanding & ready to go somewhere else but they told us to wait a minute & the manager (owner?) came out & said "no worries! Just give us a minute" They were able to get us a table with a 5-10 minute wait, max. & with smiles on their faces! That is going WAY above & beyond in my opinion. The food gets an A+ & my half-Italian Husband (& I by the fact that I've eaten his Mom's cooking!) know good Italian food. Of course, no one will cook better than his Mom but their Cioppino & Veal Parmesan comes pretty darn close!
1	After reading the reviews and seeing how many people liked it, we thought we'd try it. The view of Vegas from inside the restaurant is probably the best feature of the restaurant. Service was extremely slow. The general manager wound up taking our order. The food came rather quickly which was good. The food was mediocre at best. I had shrimp on the stone which had little flavor. I think the most unique thing about it was the stone. Have no idea why so many people recommended it. Its a sizzling stone with a bunch of shrimp that were previously frozen. Nothing to write home about. I also had the grilled romaine hearts. That was the best thing we ordered. It would have been better with blue cheese cause the Gorgonzola had little flavor. My grandfather had the eggplant rotolini. The eggplant was ok but the sauce had no flavor...no spice, it was just sweet. The same with the side of pasta that came with it. He also had a side of grilled veggies. There were mostly potatoes in the side and they veggies were very oily. Thankfully we had a groupon. That made the disappointment more bearable. Wouldn't go back there again.
5	This is one of our most favorite restaurants in the Las Vegas area. Classy atmosphere. Plenty of parking. Patio dining with the best view of the whole Las Vegas valley and the Strip. Service staff is incredibly attentive. They are very accommodating if you want to make substitutions. They have Linguine con Scampi Fra Diavolo, but I prefer it with Calamari instead of shrimp, which they are more than happy to do. This dish is to die for. Prices for dinner are on the expensive side, but lunch is reasonable. If you have an Entertainment card, it makes dinner a great value. The food and service is always incredible and worth it. Highly recommended for special occasions and romantic dinners.
3	The service, along with the food, has been very inconsistent.  We have been to this restaurant a few times, and will most likely return, but our visits are never without issues.  Either with the food or with the service, they seem to take turns.  Had to send duck back to the kitchen 3 times once due to improper cooking.  My suggestion, don't order the duck : ).  However, given its convenient location (for us) and for the most part, satisfactory food, we will return.  A+ for the shrimp on a stone!
4	Got there and unusually busy for lunch. Service was good and friendly. Menu options are great and easy to read. Additionally they will make about any Italian dish you ask for. Today ordered the meatball sub and fat fries. They have REALLY good meatballs. Plus they have a full bar and separate bar area as well as a party type room facility. Awesome view of the strip from back windows and patio.Prices are medium to mid high but the experience is worth it. I will repeat and do recommend.
3	I think I've been to Ventano's three times now.  Once a couple of years ago, once in November for lunch, and then again last week.  Each time I thought the food was good but the service was just mediocre.  This past time is the one I will focus on and base my review.  We arrived and the hostess was on the phone.  She continued to stay on the phone for about 4 minutes while we waited.  The she almost talked to us when the phone rang again and, she answered it.  Come on!Finally, someone else seated us and we were greeted pretty quickly by the waiter.  I'm not going to go through every step of the mean but we had to ask for bread two or three times before they brought it.  They told us it was being made fresh and yet we saw bread going out to other tables.  Not very cool guys.  If I'm eating Italian, I want my bread!  If I'm eating Mexican, I want my chips!  Fast!The food was good all around.  I had risotto, my wife had ravioli, my bro had pasta carbonara, and his fiance had a salad and the antipasto platter.  No complaints on the food, and when we finally got the bread, it was piping hot and delicious.  I just wish this place would get it together and have some consistent service.  We waited  for the waiter to pick up the check for 12 minutes.  I timed it because that's the kind of guy I am.
4	**Summary**       - Decor - I love the ambiance. It's not too dark like Carraba's and not too "grandma's Italian backyard" look like some Italian places like to try to go for. It's half way between comfortable and fancy. A very nice date place.       - View - A whole side of the restaurant is glass that overlooks a breathtaking view of the strip.       - Quality - The food is a definite step above Carraba's and probably the best Italian restaurant I've tasted in Vegas. Flavors are spot on and the food is very fresh.       - Price - Prices are on the higher end however. They range from 17 to 30. Most dishes are around $22ish.       - Bread - Their bread is freshly made and very fluffy on the inside. It's not too buttery or salty like other places. They give it to you with the usual olive oil/balsamic vinegar combo, but I asked for butter.       - Service - The staff were friendly with just the right amount of personality.**Ordered**       - $10.50 Beef Carpaccio - This tastes the same to me everywhere (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/5zDP3Y2hdh6GJL9DVbQ2KA?select=zDN6Mj_BxIL0fp9kSckz7A).       - $5.50 Insalata Classicche - Salad with balsamic vinaigrette. Dressing was slightly sweeter than average. Quite enjoyable.       - $25.00 Cioppino - Seafood soup with a light marinara sauce. Shrimp were small, clams were big, and mussels were normal size. There was also clams and fish in there. No carbs. Not a lot of food, but I ate it with the bread (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/5zDP3Y2hdh6GJL9DVbQ2KA?select=E8MlJZVmtGXnb2pnXVS5QA).       - $7.00 Caramel Pecan Ice Cream Cake - If you like caramel, you'll love this (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/5zDP3Y2hdh6GJL9DVbQ2KA?select=HcaYKMcD_s2qwvW9TX6L9g).**Recommendations**       - I'd recommend this place if you're looking for a nice date place or a quality meal.
4	Everything from Antipasto to our desserts was excellent!  Warm bread sticks and our drinks were at our table within minutes after being seated.   I had the Spinach salad  topped with warm Bacon dressing.. a very unique touch and  the combination of mushrooms, bacon and bits of hard boiled eggs went well together.  The Shrimp Scampi was cooked to a perfect texture and the lemon butter cream sauce was to die for! I even dipped my asparagus in it!  I had the Spumoni Ice Cream cake with the cookie crumb crust and hubby had the Almond Caramel Pecan ice cream cake with Bananas Fosters. So make room for it! Dessert was insanely good!  Service and staff was top notch. Even the servers from the bar took time to acknowledge us as we were leaving. I also like the fact when you go to pay your server has a card machine and runs the card in front of you. Very convenient and saves time. Very nice atmosphere with an upscale feel to it and it's the perfect location with the view of the Las Vegas skyline. I see why now the place is always packed! Im very lucky that Ventano is in my neighborhood.
2	My boyfriend and I got a Groupon deal for this place after reading all the great reviews.  I would have to say this place is HIGHLY overrated.  In my opinion it's nothing more than an slightly upscaled Olive Garden.  I personally would have rather gone to Macaroni Grill.  The bread in bags wasn't exciting at all, nothing special about the bread and I don't really think it's a "cute" idea to have bread in paper bags in a "fine dining" restaurant.  Cheap presentation in my opinion.The appetizer we got was the lamb chops which were extremely bland, no seasoning and no sauce.  We seasoned them ourselves with salt and pepper to make them edible.  Definitely not recommended.I will say our entree's were good.  I got the Fettuccini con Funghi, the shrimp was huge, the sauce was great.  My boyfriend got the Lobster Ravioli.  They weren't cheap with the lobster stuffing, and the sauce was great as well.  The entree's are about $20 a plate, give or take.  I would recommend both of those plates if you do decide to eat here.The decor was cheesy.  I don't like the look of the walls, they try to make them look like the old buildings in Italy, did a poor job.  It just make the restaurant look cheap. The lighting is very dim, which I did like, it made for a great date setting.  And there is a beautiful view of the strip.  It would be nice to sit outside during the springtime with the view this restaurant has. The service was pretty good, I'd give the service 4 stars.  We made reservations and still had to wait a good 15 - 20 minutes for a table, so this place is very busy.  We got an appetizer, 2 entrees & a bottle of wine ($40, which is $20 in stores, typical I guess - It was a Cab called Decoy. I was a fan, boyfriend didn't like it) and the bill was $110.  I wouldn't consider this "fine dining" what-so-ever, we could have spent half the price at Macaroni Grill and probably had a better meal overall.  But with all the other great reviews I guess it would be worth giving this place a try and seeing for yourself.
4	Easy large parking lot. Went into the bar first and tried to order a crown royal but no luck. Unbelievable that they are just out of it. Ok I won't rant but it's UNbelievable. So the great breadsticks came and asked for butter to go with the oil and they were hot and just perfect.We ordered the grilled shrimp on the rock appetizer and clams again tasted great and the presentation is nice.Main course was angel hair pasta with marinara and meatballs. This time all food was excellent and service for dinner was good. It was busy so service wasn't over the top but good.No room for dessert but will be back for the bombalinos.
3	Chicken Spiedini is great! Chicken Parmagiana was fair!Antipasti was good! Service is good.
5	Delicious food. A great bang for your buck as well.
4	Beautiful views and friendly service. The food was nice and pasta dishes can be ordered as half portions, which is good. The Bread in a bag is not unusual, I have seen it before, and it is not intended to be cute.It is just a different way of serving it . All round ,a nice meal in a very busy restaurant.
1	Definitely will not be coming back. Food is mediocre at a high price. Came here for Easter and ordered the "special" which was $35. It included not so fresh fried halibut with pasty crab stuff on top, over done broiled asparagus and tomato, shrimp (good sized), rice (not Risotto they claim it to be) in a champagne sauce with skin on it that had to be peeled back. Disgusting and sent it back. Waited 15 minutes for wine to finally come out. We had a $10 coupon that stated for use on any day and the server refused to honor it or even so much as offer to ask management about it. For close to $100 for 3 people (one just ordered a bowl of soup), this was the worst food and waste of money.
3	(I would actually rate Ventano a 3.5)I was introduced to this restaurant by my dad, who has dined there 113 times (pretty specific, huh?). Suffice to say, it is a neighborhood joint. I had been there previously, and never been disappointed. Upon entering, you'll see a nice looking open space, with a raised bar area that is partially separated by half walls. Clay colored walls and exposed beams and woodwork give it an upscale casual feel.Most importantly, the food is good. This time we came for lunch. We started with an order of shrimp on a stone, which is served sizzling in garlic butter glory. A few orders of this would have been fine for me, but I ordered the veal picatta ((capers and white wine) which was very tender and good. It was served with penne and a red sauce, but the veal portion was a little small, even for lunch.Service was spot on - not hanging over us, but never too far away to ask if everything was okay.Pricing is reasonable. Lunch for three (1 appetizer, 3 entrees and non-alcoholic drinks) came to $75 including tip.Recommended.
4	This place has great Italian food. My family and I came here to celebrate my mom's nursing graduation. My husband had the Gnocchi and it was the best Gnocchi's I've ever had! I had the Cioppino and it was good. We also tried the calamari which was delicious and the new england clam chowder was not good. It tasted like canned soup. My mom had the potato wrapped salmon and that was good too. I highly recommend the Gnocchi! The venue is nice but it wasn't grand as I expected.
5	I must say.. I LOVE everything about this place! The view, food, decor and the staff are a delight. Keep up the great work!
5	Each time we go it is an amazing experience.  Carlos has been our server twice and he goes out of his way to be courteous.  The manager Michael also serves tables at times and he is also quite fabulous.  Shrimp on a stone is wonderful, the sauce it's served with is quite yummy.  This last time we went my grandmother tried the lamb chops on a stone and practically licked the bones clean.  Chicken Procuitto and Shrimp Fra Diavolo are great, portions are huge, plan for leftovers.  The Ventano's Tortellini is also one of my favorite items.
5	Great Italian food. The chef is very friendly.
5	This place is kind of eclectic IMO. I first went here for a rehearsal dinner in their private room 2 years ago, and have been back everytime I am in Vegas. I say it's eclectic because you will see people dressed to the nines (wedding/rehearsal private parties), others dressed nice but casual (khakis and button downs), and then people - usually families with kids- dressed like they just came from off roading (shorts and t-shirts). I find this odd but in a good way because it makes you feel welcomed and relaxed no matter how you look. The star here are the pastas. I had the Ventano oven baked dish with cheese tortellini, grilled chicken, and pink sauce and it was out of this world good. The pasta was firm yet melted in your mouth. Oh, and the salads are great too.Service and price are a-ok and so is the parking. The scenery is pretty too.Great place to go when you want to leave the strip!
5	Went with the husband for dinner just as the sun was going down. We were seated at a booth with a nice view. Service was great and the food was excellent. I had the chicken spideini and asked for the spicy marinara with my angel hair pasta. Absolutely loved it. The pasta had the perfect kick to it. My husband had the shrimp scampi and enjoyed it as well.
5	My family and I just love this place. Fresh, real, consistently awesome Italian food. My dad is a "REAL" Italian and swears this is some of the best stuff he's ever had. The grilled romaine salad is excellent and something I've never had before but sure am glad I tried it! The shrimp on the stone is a must EVERY time we go there, the dipping sauce is addicting! I always seem to order the Ventano Tortellini, HIGHLY recommended! Chicken, mushrooms, tortellini in a pink sauce covered with cheese and baked in an oven. Its like "adult mac and cheese" and I can't get enough of it. My dad usually gets linguine with prawns and scallops and fresh basil, and raves about how fresh everything tastes and how perfect the pasta noodles are cooked. They also have a nice wine and beer selection for those interested. The staff are all super friendly and always remember us when we come in. This is a great neighborhood restaurant that is as good as anything on the strip or anywhere else. Prices seem fair because i'm ALWAYS happy with what I eat, I'll pay a few extra dollars for something I truly enjoy eating. And i havent had anything here that i didnt like. I highly recommend this place to anyone looking for really good Italian food. Also, the view of the strip out the huge windows (or out on the patio) is amazing! We'll be back soon! Keep up the great work guys!
2	The design is nice, the view is great, the staff is fine. If you like traditional Italian food this place is going to disappoint you. Probably even traumatise.I had spaghetti carbonara and that was the most upsetting experience. Past was way overcooked and was soaked in molten butter. Believe me I eat a lot of food with high fat content but this pasta with dripping fat was horrible. Please don't order it if you had a normal (not American-style) Italian food before.
5	I've been to Ventano's half a dozen times so far and have never been disappointed. The food and service is excellent. Make sure to go at dusk and request a window seat or even eat outside. The views are great!I recommend the chicken scampi. It's awesome! Great place for a date or to take friends and family when they come to town.
5	I have been to Ventano's a few times, and each was pretty much perfect.  They are a little pricy, but you get what you pay for.  I recommend buying a bottle of wine, not numerous glasses.The bruschetta is the best I have ever had.  Perfect balance in the bread and topping.  Their pasta is all fresh, and you can tell.Now, one of their main specialties is seafood.  I am not a huge seafood fan, but when they have mahi-mahi, you simply must try it.  Don't hesitate to order the recommended specials.The service was also outstanding.  Our waiter was good enough to server all our needs, and he was not pushy or annoying.  These are good things on a date night.This place is great for lunch, but it's more of a couple location.
4	Ventano's is one of the better Italian restaurants in town (on and off the strip). Food is great, people are nice and prices are reasonable. I do find the tip options a little weird. Instead of the traditional receipt where you fill it all out, they have this device that calculates either an 18% or 20% tip to your meal. That's all good and well, but it's like "What if I feel the waiter/staff didn't deserve it?" Anyway, all in all, we love this place and keep coming back. I don't know if it's proximity to the house is a good or a bad thing!
5	Great food, great atmosphere, great patio with view of the strip, great service! And I ESPECIALLY love the sign behind the hostess stand advising parents to keep children seated. A-MEN!!We took friends who were in town visiting and had a wonderful experience!
2	Meh. Exactly 2 stars.I love Italian food and been to many types of restaurants from Scarpetta to Olive Garden. Although I hate to say this because I really like supporting local spots, Ventano leans much closer to the Olive Garden side.There was nothing creative or unique about the menu, everything tasted VERY bland and it was unbelievably smoky inside.  Service was decent, but I definitely won't go out of my way to return. Perhaps try the Pasta Shop (delicious!) on Horizon Ridge or Bratalian on Eastern.
5	We decided to have lunch here at the suggestion of a co-worker and to check out their banquet room (we are currently debating on a wedding venue and heard good things about their event services).  First of all, the bread with balsamic vinegar and oil is so delicious.  I could have eaten that alone as my entire meal and been satisfied!  I ordered the Ventano Tortellini and my fiance ordered the Fettuccine con Funghi.  The portions are huge and have that special homemade taste about them!  We definitely needed to go boxes.Our server obliged us in showing us the banquet room and patio (where the ceremony would take place).  He answered all of our questions professionally and even had a packet put together with pricing etc.  He gave us the event coordinators information (we came in on a Saturday, so he was not there).We are not sure if this is the place for our wedding, but we will certainly be back for the food!
5	I moved near this restaurant a few months ago and since then I have been in 4 times - 3 times for dinner and once in the bar area after the main dining room was closed.  Every time we have been in this place has exceeded my expectations. Service is prompt and formal which I appreciate being in the industry myself. The decor of the restaurant and demeanor of the employees gives off the feeling of gourmet dining but casual at the same time. Perfect for my husband and I. Each of the 3 times I have had dinner I ordered one of the daily specials. The portions are generous, my beef has always been cooked to the perfect temperature ordered and specials are always unique and delicious. The wine list is extensive and fairly priced. The bread is served inside of a brown paper bag - I can appreciate the whimsical touch.  If you go in you must try the beef carpaccio - a classic dish which I have enjoyed at many different restaurants but there is something about this dish at Ventano's that keeps me craving more! I have literally begged my husband to go in  just to eat this appetizer!!Another cool thing is they offer events regularly like wine or beer maker dinners. Not to mention they have the best view of the strip!! Definitely check this place out and you will not be disappointed!
2	In a few words: Great food, terrible service.I have been to Ventano three times now.  They have a lovely wine list, and all the food I or anyone in my party has ordered was delicious.  I especially recommend the Spiedini, which is an impossibly amazing "What if they mated?" love child of mozzerella sticks and chicken tenders.  NOMNOMNOM.The problem, and the reason I will not be going back, is the service.  It is simply incompetent.  The first time I went, we were not seated for 20 minutes, and later found out that the hostess completely forgot about us, EVEN THOUGH WE WERE STANDING RIGHT IN FRONT OF HER.  During one visit, we had a waiter who would rather talk to other waiters than pay any attention to us, and during another, we had two waiters who were taking duplicate orders for the first half of our meal, and then could not attract the attention of either during the second half, short of actually waving our arms in the air.In addition to the incompetent staff, this restaurant employs the most annoying technology I have ever seen- they bring a portable credit card machine to your table and make you CHECK YOURSELF OUT.  I have never seen anything so tacky at a supposedly nice restaurant.  You have to swipe your own credit card like you were at Subway, then select your tip from the choices of "18%," "20%," or "other."  Needless to say, I chose "other."  I should have chosen ZERO.Get it together, Ventano.  Your food is too good to have such terrible waitstaff and a fast-food check-out.  Let me know when you fix it and I'll be back.
2	I'll go as much as say 2 1/2 stars.  That is based on the good things I experienced.  The good: The staff was pretty friendly and attentive.  We arrived on a Saturday Night at around 5 with no reservation.  Got in right away and had a great view of the city out on the patio.  The place seemed clean, comfy, and had a great ambiance.  It had a large wine list that had reasonable pricing.  We were greeted, offered drinks and had our picture take right away.  The bread was pretty delicious.  The entire meal the staff was attentive and polite.  Now the bad:  The food!!!! Not horrible...but not great.  I equate it to an Olive Garden on the wrong side of town. Matter of fact..Olive Garden would have been better.  Ok...so you're saying, what do I know about "Italian food"?.  Enough.  I love food...I've eaten all over the world and spent plenty of time trying to eat my way across New Jersey and New York.  Italian food is about simplicity....simple dishes that are seasoned well with fresh ingredients which allow you to taste every little nuance of the dish.This food was bland.  The appetizer was ok.  1/2 pound grilled shrimp on a hot stone.  All good except for served with a side of honey mustard.  Save the sauce for chicken tenders.  My girlfriend ordered Chicken Scalopini.  The chicken a little tough and it was not seasoned...fine..it has a sauce with it right, but if the sauce is bland then all of it is bland.  Not that it tasted horrible...it just didn't taste like much...couldn't taste butter, wine, salt, herbs, anything really.  The spaghetti that came with it was tasty.  Al dente with a simple marinara.  I ordered the special which was NY strip steak, "creamy polenta", french green beans, and 3 blackened shrimp served on a hot stone.  I guess it was my fault for not keying in on "hot stone".  Steak came out cooked (and pre-sliced) to proper temperature of medium.  Although by the time I got through half the steak the other half had been cooked more to med-well, well by the hot stone.  Not to mention that again.....steak was bland! Ok it's steak...taste like meat....but some salt please.  Peppercorn sauce that was served with it was ok...very very peppery....I like pepper so I didn't mind but it could be a bit much for some.  Polenta was more bready than creamy and I think they confused Cajun with Blackened because shrimp were seasons with cajun seasoning but not blackend.  Maybe they assumed the hot rock would blacken the shrimp.  Which it did not...just over cook them.  Green beans were good.  The quality of the special was not worth the $34 price tag....which I didn't see until the bill.  My fault for not asking.  Just guessed since nothing else was over $28 it wouldn't be either.  Finally....The most tacky thing I've ever seen...which has been mentioned by others.  I paid with a debit card..as most do now a days.  They bring me a machine and have me swipe my own card...the kid says, "you'll do it and I'll stand right here and watch".  So as I swipe it asks for tip - 20%, 18% or other.  Service was good so I don't mind tipping....but as he hovers over me, I thought how awkward this would be if service was crap and he's hovering over me as I choose other and commence to put a smaller amount.  Just strange to me.  All and all I've been to worse places...but I've definitely been to better.  Food is just to blah...maybe I'll try again...prob not.
5	I have been going to Ventano since they opened.  In fact, they weren't even on the culinary map of Vegas when i started going to them.My wife and I had our wedding reception at Ventano in October of 2010.  We were a small party but they did a great job.  Mike is the wine guy and a nice guy all around.  He help us out with planning our dinner.  As for the food, where do I begin.  Shrimp on a stone is a great beginning.  The lamb chops are another great start.  I always order the Rigatoni Portofino for my entree.  It is one of Chef Arnold's creations and a great one.  Tip: It is even better the next day.The wine list is extensive and reasonably priced thanks to Mike.  If you are able to attend one of the wine dinners, I suggest you go.
3	I will agree with those reviews that are claiming the food was bland. It really, really, was. I had the Lobster Ravioli and boyfriend had Potato Wrapped Salmon.  His portion was generous, and salmon cooked well, but there was very little flavor. No use of herbs, spices, seasoning..nothing.  My lobster ravioli was a fairly skimpy portion for $25 ... four decently sized ravioli and 3 small shrimp. Once again, I wouldn't mind this, had it not been so bland. The sauce was completely unimaginative and left a lot to be desired.The service was adequate. We were seated immediately and our server was fine. The water was refilled in timely manner and we didn't have to wait too long to get the check. Overall, not worth the $50 for two entrees without drinks or an appetizer.
5	Completely competent gluten free dining.  Much appreciated!
5	The ambiance of this place is great. It rightfully boasts one of the best views of the strip! The only place that is better is the Foudation Room at Mandalay Bay or maybe the Stratosphere. The service is always great and the food is even better. I highly recommend the 'Shrimp on the Stone' appetizer, it is amazing with its side of wasabi cream sauce. My favorite entree is the 'Chicken Spiedini'. This is an awesome place to go with the fam, friends, or for a nice dinner and can be casual or fancy.
5	Have been coming here for years,service and food are outstanding!!
5	I haven't been here yet, but all my friends (who I trust) are RAVING. I can't wait to get back to Vegas to go here!
5	Best margarita in town! I can't wait to go back for more clams, salad, and drinks!
2	Ok...just ok. The first time we went the food was great. This time it was ok. The bread was disappointing. It was less than Olive Garden quality with Ventano prices.
3	This restaurant has a nice ambiance for dinner, and a nice patio with a great view of the strip if weather permits. The food is slightly above average. I might go back once every so often if I was not able to make it to the Las Vegas strip instead. They have a very nice beef carpaccio and pasta Fagioli soup. Terrible Terrible Bar. You will most definitely leave with lung cancer from all the smoking because it is enclosed.
5	Not only does this restaurant have an amazing view, but the food is amazing. The images on their website look meh, but when you get there you will not be disappointed. The staff is delightful. The portions are generous. I can't say enough about how great this place is.
5	The pizza is exceptional! Medium to thin traditional crust with great sauce and cheese.
5	Amy is the best server in Las Vegas!!!!!Ventano is a beautiful place with a fantastic view. I can totally tell that there is some French influence in the italian dishes. Everything is tasty and fresh!
2	I have been searching for a good Italian restaurant in the valley and since this one was close to home I decided to try it.  The view is beautiful but unfortunately the food was bland.  I had a rigatoni with chicken and the food had no flavor.  The breadsticks were so bad that I would rather eat the Olive Garden breadsticks.  The beef carpaccio had a mustard that tasted horrible.  Nothing was positively memorable about this place.  Definitely would not recommend it unless you want a nice view of The Strip.
5	I am sitting here eating my leftovers from last night as I type this review.  This was the best meal that I have eaten in quite a while in the Las Vegas area.  Funny thing is, we live very close to this restaurant, but have never tried it for some odd reason.  I decided I was hungry for Italian last night and decided to give it a whirl.  I am somewhat of a picky diner and I have to tell you that I was thoroughly impressed with everything!  From walking in the front door with the friendly hostess, to being seated and taken care of by a very knowledgeable and friendly waiter (turns out that he was the General Manager).  He recommended several dishes to us, took the time to discuss and explain a dish to my 12 year old inquisitive son, and was generally outgoing and super friendly.  Food was exceptional - every dish that we got was amazing.  We ended the night withe Creme brulee and Spumoni cake for all of us to share and the creme brulee was to die for.  My only complaint is that I didn't find this restaurant much sooner as I can say that I will definitely be back - and SOON!  My new favorite spot!
3	A group of 4 of us came to Ventano's based upon the reviews on yelp and they were pretty much right on.The view of the strip in the distance is BY FAR the best attribute of the restaurant.  In fact, they have a patio that would have been nice to have dined on but it was still too cold and windy to do so.  We look forward to coming back and having a glass of wine out there.However, I'm not sure we will be ordering much food on our next trip as it was just ok.  A bit pricy for what you get too.  Should a 4 inch by 4 inch piece of lasagna served a la carte worth $18.50? The food was good, but a bit bland.  But certainly not like Olive Garden as some have stated.  Much better than that!!!Like other reviewers stated, the service was good.  And it was quite busy for a Tuesday night as well.I look forward to coming back to the patio, but just to order wine, appetizers and to enjoy the fantastic view.
2	The food here is close to 4 stars.  For the food you get, I feel the prices are reasonable.  So with that being said why 2 stars???Clearly the SERVICE, it is one of the wrost in this town, unless you are out for at least a 2 hour ONE course meal.  Really????This has been the case the last few times we went.  So why go back?  It is close to home and I thought they might have it figured out...NOPE...Why would you have 2 people to handle the front door and ONLY ONE Waiter to take care of tables????  Why have 3 runners and only one waiter???  This place has been understaffed for a long time and I just don't understand the logic.  It is not that hard to have 2 full time waiters.We went last night, we were seated and told our waiter was Mark.  Close to 10 minutes LITERALLY, before he came over and asked for a drink order.  Two drinks came and away he went, no ask of an appetizer, nothing.  Another person came and ordered an Iced Tea and a hot tea was ordered as well.  LITERALLY FIVE minutes to get the teas.  Finally an ask was made for appetizers and one ordered along with the food.The appetizer came and was eaten very very slowly and aboiut the time we finished eating it, the food came. NOW, in the defense of the restaurant, the food ordered did take some time to prepare and was prepared with quality, care and appreciation for what was being served.  A request was made for more hot tea which took the 5 minute waiting game again.  Once we were done, the plates were removed from the table in record speed...why can't accompish this with drinks and refills??We did not want desert, we asked for the left overs to be placed in seperate bags as we were going in two directions.  So do you think the SAME guy who took the plates remembered who got what left overs???  NO, this morning it was discovered this task, which was only 3 plates was WAY ABOVE the level of competence of the guy who took the plates.We asked for our bill and then watched the waiter run around, do several other things and pass our table several times before he finally came back and gave us our bill.  This whole process of getting the bill, 10 mintues...Needless to say we paid cash as we did not want to wait for him to take the card and never come back even though at this point we were one of ONLY 4 tables in the place.  He is a nice guy, but handling more then two 4 tops for him at a time, not a good idea...if you are going to keep the doors open to a certain time and have 2 people at the door, 3 runners including the manager, more then one server would be a good idea.I believe we are done with this place unless we come across a day that we can spend 3 hours in a place to get a salad and a meal.  There are places in town with comparable prices if not better, with comparable food if not better and service that will BLOW THiS PLACE AWAY....
5	I have been here in Vegas for 5 years. This is the first restaurant we found when I moved here. And haven't stopped going since. My husband and I had our wedding reception here. The food is absolutely delicious. I've tried almost everything on the menu and it's all so yummy. The most authentic Italian I've ever had. My husband and I recommend: shrimp on the stone and calamari for starters. I love the eggplant rollatini and my husband gets nothing but the lasagna. Mike is great!!! Enjoy! There is a lot of food so make sure not to eat a lot before. :)
5	My favorite Italian restaurant. The view is amazing and the food is delicious. Try the grilled shrimp on the stone and calamari. Their pink sauce is excellent.
4	Aesthetically, the restaurant itself is absolutely beautiful and boasts a romantic view of the strip.  It offers al fresco dining and has a private room that can host parties.  It has such a romantic ambiance that is perfect for date night.The service was great and very attentive.  My glass of water was never empty and there never felt like a long gap between visits from our server Amy.The bread in a bag they give you was delicious.  It was warm and soft and I had to stop myself from filling up on that to save room for dinner. I like that they pour olive oil and balsamic vinaigrette into a plate as a dipping sauce for you.I ordered the mahi mahi special.  It came with giant sea scallops, mahi mahi topped with crab, jasmine rice (although our server had said risotto), and asparagus.  Everything was cooked perfectly.  There was a miso demi glaze on the scallops, but I couldn't find the miso flavor.  It tasted just a bit more like sweet and sour sauce to me.  The flavor profile was a tad on the bland side for my taste, but nothing a little salt and pepper couldn't fix.  Overall, my food was good.Just a few notes.  The outside patio overlooks the parking lot as well as the gorgeous view of the strip.  It's unfortunate the parking lot is there, but that view over sunset and at night is beautiful.  The patio is also on a slight decline.  Our table and items placed on the table slanted just a bit.  It's nothing terrible, but it's noticeable.  And lastly, they don't give you prices for the specials.  If you're budget conscious, ensure to ask.  The mahi mahi special set me back $32 whereas most of their dinner items were $16-25ish.Overall, the food was more like 3.5 stars (my date had the pesto gnocchi which was very one note in flavor and gummy because it was overcooked,  a disappointment, but my food was pretty good), service was 4 stars, and the restaurant itself and atmosphere are 5 stars. So it all evens out to a 4 star rating.
1	Ventano may have the view, but their food isn't authentic italian. Their pasta is dried from a box and sauces as well. They don't even make their pesto. The bread comes from the same company as Capriotti's. For the price it's nice and the view can't be beat. Decor is pretty out of date as well.Service wasn't good. Owner is rude and makes inappropriate comments to woman. Young staff and slow to get food.
5	The best Italian restaurant in Las Vegas.Definitely a Hidden Jewel.Great food, Fantastic view and an Unbelievable Service ,friendly to make you fell at home.
5	THIS is where we always take friends and family when they come to town.  View, food, great wine selection and service where you feel at home.
5	Amazing. They deserve every star. Michael was our server along with Javier. So attentive and nice.I forgot what good service felt like. The food was amazing! I got the rigattoni with pink sauce (recommended by Michael) and the shrimp on a stone. Also, what a view. Enjoyed watching the sunset while having diner!
4	If romance is part of your agenda, you can't go wrong with adding Ventano to your list. This restaurant is tucked away in a clean and quiet neighborhood in Henderson. There's a large parking lot next to the restaurant building but the entrance is on the other side of the parking lot next to the gas station. It's dimly lit with large windows surrounding the entire restaurant. You can request to sit out on the patio - I would recommend this if the weather permits. The view from the patio is quite breathtaking. I've been here during the day and at night. Come during the night time to see an amazing view of the lights of Vegas. The food is alright. Not the best, but satisfying. I thought it was neat how they served their bread in a paper bag and not on a plate or a basket. Their portions are large and filling. During my last visit, I had the Lobster Ravioli for $24.50. The ravioli is topped with three ginormous pieces of blackened shrimp and is paired with some grilled asparagus. It was good, although I didn't really get a punch of lobster flavor from the ravioli. The shrimp was juicy and well seasoned and was definitely my favorite part of the dish. My friend ordered the Gnocchi con pesto. This was a disappointment. Not enough sauce. Gnocchi was dry and real chewy. Seems like it was sitting out for awhile. I was contemplating for a minute on whether I should rate Ventano a 3 or a 4. My final decision is that Ventano is a 3.5 but they get the 4 on Yelp because of the beautiful view. If I'm ever around in that area, I wouldn't mind going back. Just have to remember to not order the gnocchi.
2	First time here.  Service was horrible . Took forever for someone to acknowledge us and then hardly saw the waiter.  The food(shrimp parm) was good but due to the poor service would not go back.  If they dont care about me, why should I care about them.
4	When eating here you should allow for time from your order to come to your table.  If you are on a romantic evening that can be fine as the appetizers and bread are quite good to bide your time.  The food is quite good even for a jaded New Yorker like me, I have never had a bad dish nor my fellow diners.  I just had lunch here and that was pretty good as well, although expensive .  Cole slaw with Gorgonzola cheeze  was a tasty side with my Sausage and Pepper sandwich.
1	On my second visit (the only reason I went back was that the group I was with picked it) it was even worse.The first time they burned my chicken parm, had bad meatballs and the shrimp on the stone was totally tasteless.This time, my shrimp cocktail was uncleaned, so I sent it back with instructions to build a whole new one.  When they brought it back, they had evidently just washed it in the sink (as it was dripping) and left my squeezed lemon from the first go round on the plate.The pasta fagiola was either overcooked or left in the steam table too long, as the pasta was totally disintegrated... not to mention totally tasteless.The severs were kind and apologetic.
2	Food is bland and overpriced. AMAZING view but doesn't redeem the boring food.
4	This is a cute little spot that is seemingly in the middle of nowhere in Henderson.  It sits up on a hill so you can see the entire Las Vegas Strip from the restaurant. There is a huge patio, which is where we sat and that was prime seating for the view.  .  I ordered a caesar salad, and the Ventano Tortellini.  They served bread sticks while we waited for our food.  We also ordered shrimp cocktail.  Everything was really good. I wouldn't say amazing or anything, but good.  I'd definitely go back because it's a cute spot with good food and an awesome view, and it's in my neighborhood.  If I had to judge it on food alone, I'd say I've had much better italian.
3	Good food
5	Michael and his staff are friendly, food ALWAYS comes out hot and if there's a problem their more than happy to take care of it....Can be a little spendy but I would NOT say it's over priced..you get what ya pay for..
4	Great local italian place.  Million dollar view from the patio of the valley.  The Bolongese was very taste and the pasta was cooked al dente.  Kid friendly and good service.  I did a banquet here for some doctors and the food was tasty then.  If you can serve tasty banquet style food for 50 people, you can serve tasty food for 6 people.  Hidden gem in Henderson.
2	Food can be iffy some times. I usually order piccatta, and the one and only time I had their veal, it was very tough. Food is over priced, the atmosphere is the only thing going for this place.Staff needs to be upgraded and trained all around.In personality, service, and knowledge. Went to the bar and asked for a mojito. Bartender said she "couldn't" make it. When the manager (I believe his name is Mike or something... blonde.... light complexion.) came around and asked how we were doing, I had brought up the bartender not having the supplies to make drinks... Like a full bar should. He challenged me, by letting me know that they have fresh mint and it is capable.Well, I got my 'mojito'. Makes me wonder if the bartender was telling me she couldn't make it because of the mint.... or that she COULDN'T make it...... because...... gag.Last June, I set up a birthday of about 16 for my husband's birthday. I made a reservation at least a week in advance. Waiter / busser would throw the bag of bread on the table, and then hide. They could barely be found. Had to beg for refills.We have had one great waiter in the 3 years we have been eating there, and that is only because I took my pregnant self and spoke to the manager and complained hardcore. He told me to make a reservation with him, he comp'd our meal, and I'm sure that is why we were treated so nice.
4	Nice atmosphere, great view and pleasant overall experience. House salad and balsamic dressing was truly noteworthy. Entrees had large protein portions and the pasta was cooked nicely.  The server was friendly, but the service was average at best, as it appeared floor was understaffed.  Go during or after sunset and you won't regret it.
2	We had a reservation on July 4 and we came few minutes early to check in.  Noticed a lot of people waiting and tables empty. We had to wait over  20 minutes to be seated.  Asked hostess what was the hold up she explained they were still seating people that had reservations 20 minutes before ours and the computer tells them who is next.  Got to outside table 108 out there and finally got water 10 minutes while other people seated after us got drinks and bread.  Dinner was ok my husband had seafood and some of the clams were not open sign of bad clam no pasta with dinner they should of not served the non-opened clams daughter's pasta was fine sauce was good, I had lemon chicken and chicken was fatty. Asked for bread sticks never got them.  Also outside there were steamers and they were so overpowering we couldn't see and my daughter got really wet.
3	Service was awesome!! Lobster Bisque wasn't :( I will deff try something new next time!
3	nice place with a great view! The oyster app was tasty and my wife's mussels app was very good. I had a shrimp and scallop pasta special. My wife had a pasta dish with mushrooms and shrimp from the menu. Both were good but nothing really special. Reasonable wine prices. If the weather is tolerable the view fron the outside seating area alone is worth the trip.
5	Love this place.  My wife and I go there often for date nights.  Service is always good and food is excellent.  We always start with the stuffed mushrooms.  The view is incredible.
2	I would like the owner to know that i am the person with the Mushroom Risotto and the "indecent".....i have decided to remove my previous review of my experience because of the way the owner handled himself...he was very nice and actually cared about what happened, unlike his manager and staff...i am also a business owner and i know how important YELP can be.........he handled the situation better then his staff...and his managers....and although my "experience" at the restaurant cannot be removed from my memory....i have decided to take this action anyway.....i still would like to say that he needs to work on his menu a bit.....it is not as "italian" as it claims to  be...my family is fresh off the boat Italian so we know our food.. ..His bruschetta needs work as well as the involtini...they are not made correctly.....Anyway....thank you to the owner for at least taking the time to contact us and make right of a horrible wrong....
3	This place was okay. We went around 6pm on a Saturday and did not wait. The place was pretty busy though. I had the Cioppino, which tasted a bit bland. I used the bread sticks to dip into it. That tasted a bit good. My girlfriend has the Rigatoni, that also tasted a bit bland. Even with the sauce and additions to it, tasted like plain pasta. The best part of the meal to me was the Bruschetta appetizer. I am sure I will be venturing back to this place eventually to try something else, but not anytime soon. Just my 2 cents opinion.
4	We went to Ventano early for lunch on a Monday, around 11:30.  We were the only people in the dining room, but another table sat down after about 10 minutes.  The server approached us after a few minutes, which is understandable as they were getting ready for the day.  She brought us drinks immediately and we didn't have to wait thereafter for refills.  To start, we tried the grilled shrimp on a stone.  This was a LOT of the small rock shrimp on a hot stone.  I was worried when I saw it was the rock shrimp, as those can easily be overcooked and rubbery.  But, these were fantastic.  Loads of garlic and very tender.  It comes with 2 sauces, a wasabi sauce and a sweeter type sauce.  The wasabi was definitely the winner, had just enough kick without being overpowering.  This was a very good appetizer, lots of food and quality.  Recommended.To eat, I had the chicken spiednini, which is thin chicken cutlets rolled with cheese then fried.  The lunch portion is 3 pieces and comes with your choice of pasta.  I liked the dish, but it was dry in spots.  The sauce was very simple, heavy on tomato flavor.  It was not as strong as the appetizer.  The wife had clam chowder with caprese salad.  The clam chowder was fantastic, thick and hearty with good clam flavor.  The caprese was average, the balsamic was solid.  The tomatoes were not very juicy, but the cheese was of good quality.  We will definitely return, it was a great lunch with excellent service.
5	What a view! Great staff, great management, great food...Each year we visit my grandparents there (it's their very favorite restaurant) and there's no reason to go anywhere else. Be sure to book a table for sunset!
3	Excellent food and service in a family friendly atmosphere. Would have given 4 stars however the "free family picture" was inconvenient and clear attempt to up-sale the table.
4	My husband and I just recently tried Ventano, and while it was good, I have a few pluses and minuses for it.We were really excited to go because based on the pictures and the price points, we were expecting a higher end, romantic place right by our house. At first, we were pretty disappointed because that's not the atmosphere we got. It was packed with families ( no problems there),  the table settings were pretty minimal, lighting was pretty bright, and it was fairly loud in there. That's all fine, our mistake for having different expectations, but one thing I really did not like was that our table was literally on top of the tables next to us. As busy as they were, people do like a little space to themselves.Service was pretty iffy too, in the sense that they were understandably fairly busy, so we did have a long wait for our food, and we didn't see our waiter much because they were busy. That being said, when we did get checked in on by the staff, everyone who spoke to us was very nice and professional and genuinely seemed to care about how our overall experience was.Food wise, I am Italian from New York, raised on this stuff. I would say I've had better, but I've had way worse. It's not fake Olive Garden quality by any means, and my husband ate his entire (huge) plate and finished half of mine. Overall I'd give Ventano a solid B+. It's not their fault they were busy or that we expected higher end than what it is. I wish that if it was going to be a family local italian restaurant that's a little more casual the prices would be a little lower, because if I'm going to pay the same price as Spaggo or Lupo on the strip, I want a similar atmosphere. We will definitely be back though, as it is very close to our house and it was still a good meal.
5	Delicious!  Loved everything and Carlos was great!  Can't believe I've lived a couple miles away for so long and this was our first time here!  Will definitely be back...there is so much more to try!
2	Had a sub par experience for a simple birthday dinner for my mom. Not sure why we had a so so time because we were the only people in the restaurant at 430pm. Started with the calamari which had too much breading so I could barely taste the good quality squid. For main course it was risotto Milanese which was amazing. So this is when the service got weird, I told them ahead of time is was a bday dinner so I was expecting a simple ice cream or whatever but instead we got tiramisu-but I had ordered that for myself not for my mom. So remember to order ALL your desserts not what you think your going to get just because it's someone's bday. And to top it off I didn't get my doggie bag of my unfinished risotto, I think they tossed it even though the waiter specifically said he was having it bagged up. I guess he was more interested in checking us out rather than making sure we were being taken care of. So I doubt I will come back here ever again.  Two stars because of the service, would have been four because the food was decent but these days service is 50% of the experience.
5	Ventanto is one of my favorite dining out spots. The view is breath-taking and the staff is all so nice and accommodating. The food is always fresh and the portions are huge. I never leave Ventano without a doggie bag.I recommend the Shrimp on a Stone and the greens salad to start. As for entree, I can never decide on whether the Lasagna, chicken Piccata or Ventano Spendini are my favorites. Save room for dessert~!!! They have wonderful desserts. I love the cannoli. YUMI have been there many times since they opened and I have never had a bad meal. We were there the other night and it was great as usual...and we will be back again~!!!!
5	I was very happy with the meal I had on my first visit to Ventano, but the second time was even better. Chef Arnauld came to our table to ask how we enjoyed our meal, and it was a unanimous thumbs up. His take on classic Italian dishes is well thought out to make them extra special. The seafood is great, the staff is very professional and courteous, and this gem is in our home town!  Considering all factors involved, I think this is the best Italian restaurant in the Vegas Valley, and the great view is just icing in the cake. Bravo Chef and thank you!
4	Just had dinner at Ventano, and it was a great experience. We sat at a booth by the window (which is where most of them are) and had a great view of the skyline. The service was great and our server was very attentive, as well as the remaining staff. The food was delicious, and very reasonably priced. I had the steam clams, and chicken Marsala, which was very tasty! My wife had the fettuccine (spicy) which she found out was a bit more spicy then she wanted, but delicious as well!The thing that hooked us was the warm bread they serve when you sit down. We like to add some salt and pepper to our oil and vinegar to dip the bread in, and it met up to one of our favorite restaurants in California, Sisley. If anything, we'll be coming back just for that!We gave it a 4/5 only because a little live music(jazz, piano, etc etc) would have made it a better experience. Maybe we just came on a wrong night.We'll definitely be back.
4	The food is delicious, a breathtaking view, make a reservation to sit outside and enjoy both. The service is a little hit or miss, but for the most part we always enjoy ourselves. The eggplant parm and the chicken parm are soo good. The Shrimp on the Stone is delicious and dessert is great if you have room :)
3	VENTANO  has always been a restaurant we could depend on for good food and excellent service. Last night was an exception sorry to say.Diner One ordered veal marsala with linguine. The veal and mushrooms were buried under a mountain of linguine-that's something I've never  seen presented. The sauce was more of an Alfredo sauce than Marsala sauce. The flavor was good but the presentation was oddDiner Two had eggplant Parmesan with a side of linguine marinara. She said her dish was excellent, gave me a taste and she was right,  it was.  The portion was enormous.Diner Three chose Shrimp Fra Diavolo A spicy shrimp dish with a side of spicy linguini.  She loved it and said the portion was far more than she could eat at one sitting-she was right.I decided on the chefs special - a choice of Marinated and roasted  Filet mignon or the Dover Sole. I chose the Dover sole; at best it was disappointing. The sole was a very small piece, overdone and literally buried under crabmeat, lobster, 4 jumbo  shrimp and a miso cream sauce that had very little if any flavor.  The sides included deliciously roasted asparagus and a very strange,  overly sweet risotto.  Sweet risotto? The dish was very heavy and not at all what I expected  Dover Sole to be. The  risotto seemed out of place.  I started my dinner with the Caesar salad that was not only exceptionally good with crisp, fresh romaine lettuce and just the right amount of anchovy in the dressing  to make it delicious, but it was so large I shared with my fellow diners.Service was good although we had to wait long for a second helping of bread and again for our coffee but in all fairness the restaurant was extremely crowded for a Tuesday night.The view of course is exceptional with the city lights and the Strip in plain view  of the huge windows. They also offer heated patio dining but I couldn't convince my friends that they wouldn't be cold under the heaters.
5	We have been going to Ventano's for nearly 15 years, and the fact that on a Tuesday night, the parking lot is nearly full, tells the whole story.  The views are fabulous - overlooking the strip.  The service is also wonderful.  I don't think we have ever been there when the manager does not help wait on our table - as he does every table.  Finally there is the food - always totally wonderful.  The shrimp on a stone plate appetizer should not be missed.  Other than than hard to recommend an entree, and all we have tried have been good.Atmosphere is very nice - a bit loud, but only because it is normally fairly crowded.
5	Ommhgggssssshhhhh me & my families very first time here...& we are ALL amazed. Food was off the chain, waiters were incredibly accommodating. To be honest I am going to cut this review short because I am too satisfied (full) to concentrate lol. Btw this is my first time even feeling the need to write a review raving about any place.Ooohhh, & be sure to ask for the,"pink" sauce....no questions....just ask!! Will def. Be back next time visiting Vegas
3	It was good standard Italian - I was able to try the Calamari (Good), Grilled Lamb Chop (Great), Pasta Carbonara (Ok) and the Carmel Pecan Ice Cream Cake - Banana Foster (Good) - Again a solid place, just needed more Great menu items to be a 4 star.
5	Always delicious!  My favorites are the shrimp on the stone, grilled hearts of romain salad and lasagna.  The lasagna to go is easily enough for two.
1	This was by far one of the worst restaurants I have ever eaten in. First they brought the bread to the table in a brown lunch bag. We opened it to find small long rolls, heated but with no taste. Then we had the bruschetta. It too had no taste. Lacked garlic and good bread. Next we had baked little neck clams. These also were tasteless except for the chemical taste the clams had like they were kept in a icebox that was just cleaned with bleach. Two of us ordered the shrimp scampi. The shrimp wasn't bad but the asparagus tasted burnt. My daughter had the Thanksgiving dinner and it was all bad. The turkey was too thick. The stuffing was lumpy and tasteless along with the potatoes. My girlfriend ordered a dinner which had to be sent back because the breading on the shrimp was burnt. My daughter got a choice of pumpkin or apple pie. She chose apple to go. When we got home there was pumpkin in the bag. I would never recommend this restaurant to anyone. Awful!!  I am from the east coast. This is definitely not an Italian restaurant.
2	This restaurant came highly recommended, so I came with an appetite and high expectations.The parking lot was full and the walk to the front door was all the way around on the opposite side of the parking.  An oddity, to set the evening off.  I entered and was met with a friendly greeting from the hostess.  She's seasoned and knows how to handle two guests with different needs at once.  I came alone and she invited the other party to wait for their entire party so she could seat me.I was shown a table with a "view."  Across the restaurant and out the windows, yes, one can see The Strip.  My view was of other customers who were attended to while I waited.And waited.And waited...  Yes, bread and water came relatively quickly.My order was taken after a while.After a longer while my salad came.A long time after I had finished my salad, it was removed.  And then I waited further until my overdone and very bland chicken parmesan and side of pasta arrived.I guess what I wanted was Italian food and what I got was a step sideways from Olive Garden.  I was ignored though out the entirety of my meal except for the question of whether everything was alright as I had taken my first bite.  Once I was done, I waited, and waited, and waited.  When the waiter came by with smiles to run his script about coffee or dessert, I pointed out that a side dish was missing and that he'd have to adjust the bill.  "OK, thank you" was his reply with a big smile on his face.  I wasn't doing him a favor to tell him to correct the bill.  I was telling him he missed bringing me a portion of the meal, but no one bothered to check on me.  I corrected him, "You mean, OK, sorry," which he then echoed.  Where I was seated was at a main pass, against a serving station with a computer.  When they entered orders, I got pushed on.  When they rounded the corner, they'd slap the edge of my booth.  When they argued about who is bringing extra plates to the table with the birthday, they did so over me.So - it's an annoying lay out with mediocre food and horrible service.I'm doing them a favor tonight by giving them two stars.  They get that because the food was hot when it came to the table.  There was no management visible and the friendly hostess didn't ask how everything was or I might have told her.When I'm back in town, this place is off of my list.
3	Came here with a reservation to sit outside at 8 on a Friday night. No wait at all which was pretty nice.The prices here are pretty fair for the amount of food you're getting. The food itself is a three to four stars at most. Huge portions, so be prepared to bring some home ^^.For the most part the service was just below mediocre. After we got our order we weren't checked up on anymore. I was left without water for the most part. The ambiance of the place is very relaxing and romantic, and the parking was very easy. All and all a nice place to go eat with a date, but I wouldn't come back here again.
5	Love this place.  The view is fantastic as is the food and service.  I've never had a bad experience here and have been a dozen times or so.  The shrimp on the stone appetizer is simply delicious and their entries are authentic and well done.  I highly recommend!
5	Went to Ventanos because a friend recommended it and we loved it! The wine was excellent, the bread had a good flavor, the food was delicious, and the view was amazing! I can't remember our server's name but he was terrific. No complaints on this place. The decor and ambiance was warm and inviting and my date loved the place too.
5	12-11-13 1800Party of 55We had a great view of the stripWe had fantastic service,And we had very good Italian food. Great place for a Christmas Party.
5	The food was good. The atmosphere was great. The view was amazing. The service was 5 star. We will definitely be back. We went for our anniversary and they treated us like royalty!!!
2	I ate at Ventano once before and it was pretty good, which is why I am giving 2 stars instead of 1. Last night my girlfriend and I ordered takeout and had a much different experience. I ordered the lobster ravioli and she had cheese tortellini - a total bill nearing $50. We were each unimpressed with both dishes. The portions were considerably smaller than when I had eaten at the restaurant - the food already looked like someone's leftovers! The pomodoro was watery and salty. Probably won't order from here again.
5	This place was amazing love, love, loved the food, very friendly, and the view of the vegas valley is beautiful!!! Can't wait to go back!!! This place will be added to one of our favorite place to go to in Henderson!!!
4	Yelp reviews got us here and our first experience will cause us to return.  Unlike others, we had wonderful service from everybody.  Water refilled without asking, extra bread offered and used dishes cleared immediately.  Waiting time was minimal.The food was excellent and plentiful.  We started with the shrimp on the stone and thought it very good.  We shared an excellent Spinach Salad and my wife had the lamb on the stone as a main dish.  I had the Chicken Parm and it was great and generous.  The beer was nice and cold.Thre restaurant itself is very nice and large.  The prices were about the same as other Italian restaurants, nothing shocking here.  Great view and a great meal -  we'll be back.
4	The rating really should be 4 plus because everything here was so delicious and our waiter, Adam, was the best we have had anywhere.  Ok, here is why I didn't give it 5 stars--We are an Italian family from Lake Como and I reserve 5 stars for Italian restaurants that serve food precisely the way Italians in Italy serve food.  This is more an American version but an extremely good American version.Let's start from the beginning.  Freshly made breadsticks arrived which were phenomenal.  The olive oil and balsamic vinegar were of the highest quality.  I had the caprese which was delicious and tasty with firm tomatoes and good, but not the best, mozzarella.  Then we all ordered pasta and their pomodoro sauce was exquisite as was their puttanesca with high quality olives.  We finished it all off with a dark chocolate cake which was sinful and yummy.   A delectable limoncello after all the food was devoured and we were on the road full and happy. What made this meal so special is that the night before we had the worst experience at the snooty and overpriced Las Vegas restaurant, Il Mulino.  It was no fun and spending $330 for 2 adults and 2 kids trying to be careful about what we selected because of the expense was not a pleasure.  Adam, our waiter, made this meal so much fun.  He was flexible, always attentive to our requests without hovering too much and extremely proud of the restaurant which makes for a fun time.  If I lived in the area, I would be a regular here.
3	I live nearby, so this is a convenient place for good Italian food. However, I think the prices reflect amazing Italian food, which it really isn't. Not to be picky, but they serve breadsticks rather than real bread, and that made me feel like I was at Fazoli's. I think it would serve them well to have "real" fresh Italian bread. I do like the fact that I always bring home leftovers when I eat here! The service was mediocre at best. I typically just drink water, and I think they forgot that I needed refills, because I had to ask more than once. This is a good place for a date as it has a nice, romantic ambience.
5	Fantastic evening with a customer.  Great service.  Great food!  Manager Mike came to our table several times ro ensure we were happy.  Brought an appetizer to try on the house.  Great wine list.  Did I use the word "great" to much.  Well it deserves  it.   Thanks Mike for a great evening.   Will be back soon.
4	Nice place for Italian.  We (party of 3) arrived on a Saturday night sans a reservation, which wasn't a problem but there was a 25 minute wait.  We waited in the bar area, which, sadly, was very smokey.  My friend and I had a glass of the inexpensive pinot noir.  I forgot how weird it is to sit at a bar with video poker.  Thankfully, we were seated not too long after.We ordered the bruschetta as an appetizer; it was okay but nothing to write home about.  The tomatoes tasted a bit bland.  They also serve complimentary bread sticks, which were good, but somewhat reminiscent of the Olive Garden.The food was better.  Feeling somewhat adventurous, I ordered the Ventano tortellini (hey, my go-to is gnocchi).  It was pretty good; hot, cheesy, and very rich.  The pink sauce was a nice compliment.  For dessert, I had the tiramisu.  It was also pretty good but, truthfully, at this point, I was so stuffed that I didn't have much of it.The restaurant itself is agreeable; spacious and nice decor.  The food was good but I'm not sure that, if I wasn't already in the area, I'd go out of my way to go back again.
4	Read the reviews and there's mixed ratings here, even from some of my Yelp buds. What it takes to get 4+ star review from me...-The Service-The Wait-The Ambiance-The Food-The Price5 for 5 on my last visit here at Ventano Italian grill.  It's bee awhile since I got to indulge in some Italian food.  Actually, it was three weeks, but who's counting.  The gf booked Ventano for my birthday weekend with friends.  That alone is 5 stars!! Service was pretty good. We didn't wait since we had reservations, our orders were taken quick, our drinks kept full, and our food didn't take long.  The ambiance at Ventano was one of the highlights.  If you're seated by the windows, you get a good view of the strip. As for the food, it's tough for me to judge what everyone else thought.  But they must have liked their dishes because nothing was left on anyone's plate.  I wanted their Chicken Marsala and Lasagna.  The gf wanted the same. I got the lasagna, she got the Marsala, and we shared.  Just my preference, but I prefer my lasagna to have more pasta and meat over one that is buried in sauce.  Ventano's is buried in sauce, which wasn't bad. It's just not how I like it.  As for their Chicken Marsala, this was pretty good.  This too was covered in their sauce, but I prefer my Chicken Marsala this way.  Ventano hooks this one up with enough pieces of chicken to satisfy your protein needs.  Regarding price, I thought it was about average depending on what you're getting.  Some dishes seemed a little high, while some was just right.  Overall, the food was decent, the service was on par, and the views are fantastic.  PS:  Their breadsticks are addicting.  3 orders please!YELP PERSONAL CHALLENGE - (025/366)
3	The food and the atmosphere were nice, but I thought the restaurant was a bit pricey.  There is an amazing view of the strip & it's a very cute, romantic date night type restaurant.
5	The Cioppino is amazing! A local gem! Beautiful view of the strip
5	We had dinner there on Sunday, January 26, 2014. The service, food, and atmosphere was wonderful!  The owner/chef came to our table and chatted with us for a few minutes. We will definitely go back!
4	Great view of the city and great food.  We will dine there again! Everyone was happy with their meal.  We went there for my mom's B-day.  Service was good but took a while to get the bill to pay.  Plus ordered Ice Cream with a candle to celebrate my mom's b-day because they do not do anything special for b-days and that took a while to get.  But over all it was a nice place.
2	Food is ok. Service is slow at best. Saving grace is great views of the LV  strip. Would not repeat for dinner.
4	The food and service were both amazing.  The view was fantastic and we left fat and happy!!
1	Really poor service lately. I used to frequent Ventanos at least once a month. I have been twice in the last month and had the same experience. Over an hour wait for food after ordering and no one caring. The first time I chalked it up to bad luck, paid and took it home. The next time I spoke to the hostess. Talk about a "don't give a hoot" attitude!  I'm done being a customer
5	This place is very intimate and the ambience is so relaxing. First off we were greeted by everyone and the owner came over as soon as we sat down. The table was already set up with water and silverware which was awesome because I had 6 kids with me. The service was excellent, and the Fettuccine Alfredo was the best I have ever had!! They owner made us feel very special and I was so impressed with everything that I tasted as well as the service. I will definitely be back very soon and I would suggest this place for anyone wanting to eat great Italian food!
5	great food big portions of everything ! and the service was great!
5	Very good Italian food in the Henderson area. I've been here 1/2 dozen times as it is walking distance from my house and have never had a bad experience. The staff is very friendly. I've had a variety of appetizers and main dishes over the course of my visits. All of them were good. I haven't had a bad dish yet so I would suggest picking whatever sounds good to you. I've always recommened a wedding party of nearly 25 people from out of town to check this place out. At first they were hesitant as they were staying on the strip and it is about 15-20 minutes away but once they went they loved it and thanked me for the recommendation.  If you do go to this place I would recommend dressing nice. It is not the kind of place where you wear a tanktop, workout type shorts or flip flops.
3	Pricey but signs but at the door says no tank tops allowed. Food was good though.  My date's salmon filet a better choice than my penne. For some reason they won't lift the curtains to allow us to watch the sunset which is just odd. Understand the glare but those last few minutes of the sunset, they should just pull the curtains aside. Glare was long gone. Family friendly. House photographer is a sure sign that this is a tourist trap - $15 for a photo, no thanks. I will point out that the porch is magnificent. Sitting there looking at Las Vegas in the distance with a glass of wine is heaven.
4	for having the same menu for as many years as advertised, This place is well exicuted and keeps the taste and look of that old school italian vegas restaurant.  Nicely done.
1	I ate here once almost two years ago when I first moved to Henderson and have been meaning to write this review for some time now. I don't remember exactly we ordered, but I do remember that it was so salty that my friend and I both could barely choke it down. Like spit-it-out ack-sound salty. The only reason we ate more than two bites of our meals was because we knew we were going out drinking after and wanted our tummies to be full. I will most definitely never be eating here again.The view was beautiful and service was fine.
2	Really, really disappointed. The view is great, the atmosphere nice. But it took a while to get the food, and it's a Wednesday night, probably not one of their peak days. I ordered angel hair pasta with pink sauce and meatballs. Most of my meatballs had a tough charred spot, not yummy. And the pink sauce had an odd flavor. My husband ordered a dish that had "large" shrimp (which still had the tails on, one of my husband's pet peeves), pasta in a lemon butter sauce, which had a vague burnt flavor, as if they cooked the butter too long. It also came with a side of these chicken rolls that had mozzarella and parmesan in them, and were crusted. Unfortunately, super dry and not tasty. My husband and I barely ate our dishes, and we're still hungry. All we ordered was our dishes and water, which cost us a whopping $48 and some change. I've never dined and dashed, but boy did I want to! It hurt to pay for this meal! We won't be back, and if I were you, I'd go elsewhere. :(
2	I started looking through yelp for a great italian place to take my wife for mothers day since she loves italian and we rarely eat it when we go out because I am not a fan but after checking out the reviews I decided that we would try Ventanos, I decided to hop on open table and make a reservation for 4 for mothers day. I was pretty excited to take her here because of all the hype that I had read, It is unfortunate that it did not live up to it. Let me explain. We walked in and let the lady working the door know we had reservations and she says no problem let me see what we can do. After a minute or so she asked us to step to the side and sit in a oddly place booth by the front door while we wait. This may seem nit picky but it seems it would be a much nicer sitting/waiting area without the table.. Anyways, we then waited there for between 10 and 15 minutes while watching them seat other parties of 4 or more while we just sat there.. Another lady who I am assuming is a manager or owner was walking around checking on the place and helped clear a table that is on a raised area right when you walk in and then came and seated us. I can deal with waiting to be seated, yes it is irritating when you make a reservation just to find yourself waiting. Once we were seated it took quite a while for the server to even come to the table to offer drinks or even say hello. All while I am overhearing the older couple sitting right behind us praise who I am assuming was the manager about how awesome his service was. Once we finally ordered our drinks the next thing that caught me off guard was when he walked by and set a brown bag with bread sticks in it on our table. Now, I don't know if that is the regular procedure and if it is, in our opinion which may not mean too much it is very tacky to come to a restaurant selling $25-$30 entree's and be handed a greasy brown bag with bread sticks in it.. So, now that my kids have breadsticks and are happy that they have some food we are now ready to order and again we waited for an extended amount of time to order and every drink on our table went completely empty. The waiter then came over and we ordered. My son ordered a pizza, my daughter got the alfredo  my wife got the veal marsala and I ordered Filipino chicken adobo... I know that sounds odd but I guess the chef is filipino and has this on the menu. Once the food came I thought it would be the saving grace. My daughters fetticini was grainy but everything else was good, but the part that was odd to me is that the Filipino Adobo dish was by far the best dish at our table... To the point that my wife, the italian food lover took my adobo sauce and put it on her noodles from the marsala because she said the sauce was just ok. So now we fight the battle of paying the bill, the server came back with the check quite a while after we had finished and I tried to get my card to him quickly and unfortunately he walked away before I could hand it to him so I looked at the bill. $83 for 4 of us with 2 of them being kids.. Kids drinks at a $3 price point each was a little excessive and I although the food was ok it was definitely not worth the $25-$30 price range that is being charged. We sat again for another 25 minutes exactly (yes, we timed it) before the server came back to take our check. Once we paid we filled out the feedback card which I highly doubt made it to management, nobody is going to hand their boss something that says, well the food was just okay and your service was absolutely horrendous. I personally cannot stiff anyone, and this was the first time in my life that I wanted to walk out without leaving any tip. No drink refills and an $83 lunch that took from 12:45 when we walked in the door until 2:50 when we walked out is crazy, I could only imagine if every server in that place was that slow and non attentive they would seat only 4-8 parties at that table all day with an average 2 hour meal time.  I wanted to like this place because the location is great but the bottom line is that even if the food was just ok and not great and they had stellar service I would come back over and over again but with the food being just ok and the service being horrible I know that I will not go out of my way to go back or recommend anyone to go there.
5	I went there with my wife and was really concerned about salty food, bad service, high prices and other things mentioned in Yelp reviews.  Boy were they off-base.Our server, Danielle, was great and let us order at our pace - though there was no real wait after giving the order.  She helped us through the menu looking for lower salt foods and made really good suggestions.I ordered the Risotto Pescadore and my wife the House Fillipino Special (chicken, shrimp, risotto and vegetables with some brown sugar effect.)  This after splitting a Warm Spinach Salad (split in the kitchen at no charge.)  My dish was a surprise since it was so loaded with clams, mussels and calamari swimming in a light tomato base sauce/soup to make it comparable with a Boullliabase from the south of France.  My wife loved her dish.  If there could be a complaint it was that the size of the serving was larger than either one of us could handle.  Next time we go through the courses and split each one.  Then the bill came and it was completely reasonable.  Surpise, Surprise after all the Yelp reviews calling this place expensive.  If you really think that then you should stick to the buffets and their steam tables or to fast food restaurants.I think that Ventano's is something special.
2	OK so my wife and I decided to try this place after reading yelp reviews. We pull up to an olive garden clone looking building on the out side. We decided to continue walking  in also very olive garden'esk .. Lol  We where escorted to a table the service started out well, then we ordered our food and as the out side looks .. it was bland and the noodles where under cooked.. mushroom caps very bland.. chiefs special as not very special to say the least.. We both feel it was an over priced and had no pop... The only thing I could say positive about this place is it has an amazing view of the city.. also bar staff was unsatisfactory also.. I decided to stop by the bar to play machine.. I ask the bar tender to break a hundred dollar bill so I could play he said no problem walked to the end of the bar and proceed to take other customers drink orders.. I waited and waited then he comes back with my change and never asked me if I wanted a drink.. Do your self a favor and pass on this spot..
5	I usually don't like Italian food, but I took my wife here and let me tell you this place was not only beautiful with the amazing view but the food was delicious the staff there were very kind and friendly I would definitely recommend this place to anyone that enjoys a wonderful view while eating an amazing dinner!
4	it is a good one and the view of outside dinning is awesome.the waiting time is a little bit long, so I suggest to make an appointment in advance.
1	Sooooo disappointed. Wow. Beautiful view, nice pleasant staff, horrendous inedible food. Orzo was rock hard and greasy, "crab" on top of Dover sole literally looked like vomit. Potato wrapped salmon was chewy and dry. We took one bite and sent the food back and left. Waiter was super sweet and service staff was very attentive- too bad the food was so awful.
1	The staff was very friendly The view was awesome It was cleanBUTThe food was horrendous The oysters were in dirty water The ceasar salad was soggy and did not come with any type of bread And the chicken Alfredo was plain and lacked a decent amount of chicken also did not have a side and the portion was child size. I did not mention the disaster to the waiter bc he was so nice and he obviously didn't do the cooking. But I will never return
5	This place is outstanding!  We have been ere three times.  Get the Shrimp on the stone.  As the meal goes on the shrimp at the bottom get crispy brown on the bottom, it's delicious in the sauce. They give warm bread, and it is also delicious, crispy yet chewy on the inside with dipping oil!  More restaurants need to serve bread, it adds to the value of the meal!The main dishes are very filling, I go with the veal.  It's always cooked perfect, they know Italian veal here.Worth the money, great view, great staff!
2	Went for a late dinner, service was very good, view spectacular but my dish was horrible.  I ordered Chicken Fettucini Alfredo.  The chicken was tough, like it had been boiled or maybe 3 days old, it was stark white with no grill marks and tasted old.  The sauce was not creamy tasting or fresh either..  The noodles were very thick.  My husband had lasagna and it wasn't too bad.  Over priced in my opinion.  This is our 3rd time to go and I've never really enjoyed it, why do they put breadsticks in a paper bag, its a beautiful restaurant, seems like they'd wrap them in a napkin and put in a basket..  Was hoping the 3rd time would be a charm but not this time...
3	I love there food here! It's a great price and a nice place ro hang out after a long day of work, The waiters are so fast and friendly, it's located in a great area. I would definitely be back and bring my girlfriends back with me...
3	Great service.  Walked in late in the evening and asked for a patio table (even though the place looked busy) hostess said let me check and guess what, she got us in. Now the food on the other hand was very mediocre. Shrimp scampi tasted like it had sprite and mango sauce mixed in it (had to send it back), shrimp platter was so so.  Not the best overall food experience.  However the waiter, hostess and atmosphere bumped it up a notch. Maybe just an off night for the kitchen.
4	One of my favorite restaurants...I love the interior, the view,  and the food is almost always great....if it isn't they will do whatever they have to, to make it right for you. Oscar is the best server there and it's not inexpensive but worth it to savor shrimp on a hot stone, deep fried scungilli, and their desserts are to die for...
5	I can't say enough!  We were in Las Vegas on vacation and left the strip on a whim, overwhelmed with the pricey, under appealing food.  We happened upon Ventano's through an internet search and could not have been more pleased.  From the moment we walked in the place was amazing.  Danielle took fantastic care of us and the entire staff worked together to make the experience phenomenal. When we arrived we noted the fantastic view of the strip and the potential sunset.  The staff worked as a team to make sure that the sun was never a bother and in a single synchronized effort made sure that pall of the blinds were open for the diners to enjoy the majesty of sunset.  Add to that the delicious food and completely reasonable prices and I am not sure why there was not a line out the door. If I lived in Henderson I would be a regular for sure.Again, thank you so much for the special attention and for a wonderful evening.
3	Very pricey on their Scotch, not a big deal to most people but big to us.  Double house scotch "white label Dewar's"  $15  WOW!  Bartender was great, service was great, but come on! Same double white lable scotch, same service at the lobby bar at the GVR $8.  NACHO DADDY, premium double Glen Levitt  $8, come on people!  Don't punish people who love the good stuff.
4	What can I say I love this place. The food is always fresh and everything is hot. I have been here a lot and love to see the chef in the dining room talking with customers. I come from an Italian family and I have to say that their eggplant parm is better than my grandmother's. I do have two favorites the lasagna and manicotti always delight. I love the views at sunset, this place has the best views of Vegas. I'm not sure how they make their sauce but I can't get enough of it.  I'm not sure why people would go to an Italian restaurant and get fish so I can't really comment on the fish but I've tried most of the menu and everything has been wonderful. I don't understand how people can say the food is bland,  I'm Italian from an Italian family and I've been to a lot of Italian restaurants and have eaten Italian food my whole life, this place by far has the best tasting sauce, I wish I knew thier secret. The dining room has a lot of seating and the staff is always friendly and when they mention you by name shows class. I'm only giving 4 stars because nobody beats my grandmother's cooking and I leave that star for her.
4	I have never been disappointed with my experience at Ventano.  The food is always delicious and piping hot and the chef usually stops by to check on us.  The views of the strip are breathtaking at night.  Try to get a booth by the windows; or a table on the patio if it's a nice night.  We got stuck in the balcony, in the back next the glassed in bar this time and that was not my favorite location. I usually start with shrimp on a stone for an appetizer,  but opted to just get an entree tonight because I was feeling like some old school chicken parm and the portion is massive!  I still did not even make a dent in the chicken or the whole wheat pasta!  Should have skipped the breadsticks entirely, but they are so yummy!
5	First off, this isn't an endorsed message I just love this place! Hands down the best italian resturant in Las Vegas. We go here to eat at least once a month and every time we have a visitor from out of town we bring them here and they all LOVE it and request to go back the next time they visit! Great wine selection, great bruschetta, I always get the eggplant parm (comes with your choice of pasta) or the ravioli (I'm a vegetarian) and my husband gets the chicken parm (comes with your choice of pasta) or the salmon (comes with veggies and mashed potato), everything is ALWAYS fantastic. They give you hot bread right out of the oven when you sit down which is delicious with the olive oil and vinegar. You can sit outside at night for a great view of Vegas which is always romantic :) The staff are all great and the manager is always walking around making sure all of the customers are happy. I've tried many many italian restaurants in Vegas and Ventano's is by far the best of the best. If you are planning to go on a weekend for dinner be sure to make a reservation as it can get really busy. Hope you enjoy this place as much as I do!
5	Outstanding. I have been eating here for years the food is always consistently delicious.
5	Set a top a beautiful hill overlooking the strip Ventanos is not just another pretty restaurant, the food is amazing to boot!!! Our new favorite place.  They have such attentive staff and I can't rave enough about their menu.  Definitely coming back.
1	Very disappointed!!!! I have gone to this restaurant before and it was wonderful. Now it's going on a downward spiral. Service just sucked!!! We were told they had immediate seating and ended up waiting 15 mins for a table. Finally we sat down and orders drinks. Waited a little for the server to come back to order our food. We ordered shrimp on the hot stone, chicken piccata and manicotti. The only good thing about this dinner was the shrimp. Very tasty and cooked perfectly. However the entrees were horrible!!!! I couldn't eat the manicotti right away bc it was still bubbling hot. I did ask for some more bread while I waited for it to cool. Never got the bread. Then when I did eat the manicotti it was so salty that I couldn't eat it! And the piccata was salty as well. We wanted to complain but our waiter was nowhere to be found. Fed up we just wanted  our food to go and leave. Oh I had veggies also. They were mush and the waiter forgot to box them. The only reason I boxed it to go is maybe my dogs could have a bite. I left feeling bloated and disappointed. Never again.
5	If you're looking for authentic, delicious and big portions, look no further.  Ventanos is my go to spot anytime of the week.  The service is great and atmosphere is incredible!  You can sit and watch the strip as you sip wine and enjoy great company.  My fave is the chicken picata with angel hair pasta.  Be prepared to eat a lot of great food
5	My wife and I decided to range far afield to have dinner and a movie...all the way to the other side of the Valley. After reading the reviews here on Yelp, and seeing that this restaurant was close to the theater we were going to, we decided to give it a try. After eating there, we decided it was time they got a justly deserved 5-star review.Since we were going to a movie at 7, we arrived early and there were only 3-4 couples in the entire place. By 6 p.m., they were jam packed including a large wine-tasting dinner and a large wedding party.From the moment we arrived and were seated at a booth looking all the way out across the valley to the strip, until we polished off the last bite of tiramisu and last sip of cappuchino, the service was immaculate, attentive without hovering and helpful with suggestions. The server recommended an excellent bottle of wine and, when I couldn't make up my mind between eggplant parm and the capellini alla pomodoro, she said the eggplant comes with a pasta side and she would have the kitchen do the capellini. That sold me.I had read that the portions were large. The wife and I usually split entrees but she wanted the penne arrabiata which I don't care for and she doesn't care for eggplant, a recent addition to my 'likes'. True to what we had read, the portions were huge. She ate about 1/3 of her penne and I ate about half of my eggplant and capellini...enough left for dinner the next night.As to the qualify of the food, I can only rave. I read that someone complained that their food was served too hot. Well, one of my biggest peeves is when food comes to me lukewarm as if it had been merely reheated or had been left to sit under the heat lamps. Both of us received food that was steaming and piping hot, so much so that we actually had to give it a minute to cool down. It was clearly right out of the oven or skillet.  Once I took my first bite, I could hardly keep from burning my mouth because the eggplant was too good to wait and the capellini couldn't not have been more perfectly 'al dente'...not mushy or tough...perfect. The sauce was amazing. My wife also loved her penne arrabiata although she said it was just a little too spicy for her.We finished off dinner with 'due cappuccini' and tiramisu. The cappuccino was perfectly hot, just the right foam and just the right espresso bitterness. Needless to say, the tiramisu brought tears to my eyes as it is my favorite desserts and this was really one of the best.As to the price, we ended paying about $100.00 including a $32.00 bottle of wine. We have paid a lot more for a lot less elsewhere. Considering the atmosphere, quality of food and quality of service, we felt it was a great value.We wish we had something like this on the NW side of town and can easily see us making the drive again to eat at this wonderful restaurant.
4	Great lobster bisque...get the bread bowl to really enjoy it!!  Bar with gamblers bonus gaming.  810 on a 5 spot keno.  Classy restaurant.  Good Italian food.  Parking on site.  A few outside seats by the bar and views of the strip.
5	Went to Ventano's for the first time on my birthday. Made online reservations from Yelp. This is a great restaurant and the food was amazing! The outdoor seating is nice with views of the strip. What a great location. Prices are a bit on the high side but the quality and favors of the food was so good I'll definitely come back again. My only complaint (Im whining here) was they didnt recognize my birthday after being told 3 times. Most restaurants at least bring you a small birthday dessert.
3	Yummy Italian spot and a good space for a big private party. My sister had her dinner rehearsal lunch there and it was nice to have the separate dining room.  Bread was good along with the antipasta.  I had the shrimp pasta which was rich and very good. Dessert platter was also decent.  Service was good as well.My sister also had a very good experience booking with them. They let her have a free tasting and were overall very easy to work with.
4	Quiet yet slightly snobbish poker bar is perfect for some serious Three Olives martinis! Bartenders are friendly and there is a casual elegance to the decor.Not surprising, considering that the megabucks community MacDonald Ranch is across the street!Along with the menu from the adjacent restaurant, you can make a night out of gaming at the bar or eating on the patio overlooking the Strip. The shrimp on the stone appetizer is quite popular, and they also have lobster bisque, eggplant rollatini, marsala and shrimp & scallops. All the Italian favorites are here!
5	Had my first experience last night and it was great!  I love the atmosphere and the service is amazing, wish I could remember my servers name. The food was amazing but they made a mistake with my plate and the chef came out to personally apologize and was so kind.  I can't wait for my next visit!
5	HUGE Thanks and gratitude to Arnauld Briand and all the valued staff at Ventano Italian for making our wedding nothing short of amazing. Everything was perfect. Now our friends and family know why Ventano Italiano is our favorite restaurant for every occasion.We had 80 guests and everyone of them was blown away by the food, view, staff service and decor. We could not have asked for anything more. It truly was the best day of our lives. Thank you.
4	Adding a review of the spincah salad. Pros- very large portion and plenty of bacon in the tasty dressing. Cons- the poor salad was swimming in the dressing. I didn't send it back or voice a complaint, but I may have if anyone had asked me how the salad was. Which they did not. To Ventano's credit, certain finer dining establishments charge more than $11 for their spnach salad, and present you with a tiny salad. Not the case here, brother! Nor will this glitch prevent me from dining here again!There's a "zagat rated' sticker on the door and I don't recall if there was a year on it.
4	What a lovely find! Beautiful view overlooking the strip, with a a fantastic home style ambiance;)) Our first visit was memorable, shrimp fra diavolo for me, extra spicy with the addition of fresh spinach as requested...just beautiful! Husby had the homemade meaty lasagna and did not regret. Grilled romaine starter with bleu cheese was fabulous. What looks to be a rather lovely tiramisu to go....we will definitely be back, yummo!!
4	Had puttanesca and it was great. Tried the shrimp on a board app also very good. Caesar salad was just ok.  Service was some of the best we've ever experienced. Think their names were Javier and David. Good work guys.
4	Really good food. Our server Austin was efficient and super polite. We had calamari, manicotti, fettuccine with pink sauce and tiramisu! Definitely would come back.
2	Must have been a seasoning rationing... Every plate was bland and lacked harmony. Wait staff was simply okay, Michael, our waiter was in the kitchen for upwards of 15 minutes before returning to the dining room. One pasta dish was severely overcooked and the other was undercooked. My glass of Pinot Grigio was the only enjoyable part of the meal. Sadly we will not be returning to this "Italian" restaurant.
5	Really like this place. The shrimp on the stone was delicious, and I really enjoyed my lasagna. Our waiter was very good and went the extra mile.
5	I've reviewed this restaurant before and this note is to update my already high regard for this place. I held a memorial dinner for my father here 10/2014 and it couldn't have gone better. My wife and I told them what we wanted and Michael the manager handled every detail perfectly. We held it in their private room and everything went smoothly from drinks to dessert. I just want to say thanks Ventanos for helping make a very difficult time a little easier.
5	Really love this spot.  It's cozy with a nice view. The bread is fresh and soft.  Service is welcoming, friendly, and on point. Selection is great and tastes very good.  Love the clams in white sauce.  The bread in the sauce is so yum! My favorite wine by the bottle is the German Riesling $30 if you like it sweet.  Nice date spot.
5	Fantastic food and service.  We've held our company Christmas party here the last couple of years (the last one being just this last Friday night) and we couldn't be happier with Michael and his staff.  They handled our 90+ group well and were very accommodating to our needs. This is one of my favorite restaurants in all of Las Vegas and enjoy coming here on my own whenever possible.  Highly recommend for a nice romantic dinner or for your corporate event.
4	Yum.
5	My wife and I went to Ventano on Christmas Eve for Dinner. Even though it was fairly crowded, we got seated on time(7 PM) by a window with a great view of the strip. Our waiter was a personable gentleman called Xavier who turned out to be excellent. We started out by sharing a Calamari appetizer which was served as a very generous portion. The Calamari was lightly breaded and quite tasty.  For the second course my wife had the chicken parmigiana and I had the cioppino. The chicken parmigiana was a quite a large piece of tender chicken breast covered with ample cheese accompanied by linguine.The cioppino was outstanding with a very tasty broth and had clams, mussels, shrimp, fish, and calamari. Our waiter Xavier made sure we had enough hot  french bread to sop up the broth with.  The food portions were so generous that we just didn't have room for desert .  Overall a great dining experience.
5	Wow - went there for lunch and the food was excellent.  There lunch menu prices are very reasonable and service was impeccable.  Adam and Carlos were great, we never waited for a thing and their suggestions were right on.  The view of the strip is fantastic, I can't wait to go back at night when it is lite up.
3	Well wish we could give this place 5stars. I've had great service in the restaurant but not so much in the bar. We've come in 2or 3 times, including this new years eve 2014 where we have been treated as if we were not here. Bartenders did not acknowledge us when we Sat down and wasn't even busy. We probably will not come back to bar area again. So sad
4	This restaurant has nice setting over looking Las Vegas. You can eat inside or out and great for couples or larger parties. We started with the Carpaccio which was some of the best we had. I had the veal scapiopine and my wife had a dish with chicken rolled over cheese that she loved. The price is reasonable and our server Carlos was very attendtive but not bothersome. If you are looking for good food this is a must.
5	We go here every year for NYE. The mussels and clams are amazing. The clam broth is perfect for dipping the hot breadsticks into. The zeppole dessert is so crazy. You have to order it! I started laughing when I saw it but loved every bite!
4	The food is very good here.  Sometimes a bit packed but service overall is good.  A little on pricy side for a neighborhood place.  I always order the ribeye with peppercorn sauce.  It's to die for!  Actually I call ahead and if it's not on the menu or they can't make it, we don't go.  The only con of what I've had is surprisingly their Alfredo is VERY, VERY bland.  But everything else is full flavored and delicious.  Go figure.
4	I always the large tasty portions of this Italian hidden secret!  Downfall is the acoustics..  Staff are friendly and fast without making you feel rushed.I had the seafood linguini!  Delish!
