5	this place is a classic. its also where i play poker every week. you got your old men, your ugly carpet, and the owner, frank, is a fantastic guy and its cheap.you can chat to patrons and staff alike for hours. not a tourist around. you probably wont find your future mate here but youll stumble out smiling.from the outside it looks like the perfect old school scottish pub
4	I came in here with my Dad when we were walking towards Leith Docks to meet some friends and decided to have a beer break. I wasn't really too optimistic about the pub, thinking it was going to be full of old men and the traditional pub decor when we walked in only helped fuel this idea. but on closer inspection, there seemed to be a good range of people within the pub and there was a good friendly atmosphere there. There was a good range of drinks on offer in there with a range of ales and spirits and the prices weren't too bad either.I wouldn't particularly recommend the pub to students, but if you live locally, it definitely seems a nice friendly place to come and catch up over a reasonably priced drink.
3	Definitely old man territory but it's comfy and the staff are friendly. Good prices. Tends to welcome away supporters during Hibs matches at Easter Road so avoid it during those moments as they can get a little tense. Just been renovated and it's less dark but still a bit fussy with the loads of photos everywhere. They seem to have a very wide array of singles malts on offer now and the prices on these are pretty decent too. Open mike on Tuesdays.
3	Looking pretty decent since the refurbishment last year. Couple of real ales on as well as all the usual other booze. A few plasma screens around so you can watch the football, rugby etc. in good company and unpretentious surroundings.
4	Now I have drunk here many years. Its better now than when the Manager ( Frank) was dismissed. Bar staff are lovely, especially "Sue" and "Sandra"Lots of ales and lagers. Roomy pub. There are some of the " usual " characters in there. The dreaded Karaoke on Thursday nights. Sky footy and racing daily. All in all a nice bar.
