4	I personally like this place. They have play areas set up for smaller kids, and everyone here seem to genuinely enjoy the work, and most importantly, are gentle and compassionate. These are not always qualities found in a dentist office. So, hate on the trains all you want, but while hanging around with your mouth open, it gives you something else to stare at besides the hygienist.
5	I just have to say this place is amazing,  I am very afraid of Dentists' and as far as my family is concerned, this place has to be awesome, due to the fact I have gone myself to have three crowns done.  They have done the procedures, fast, quick,,and  the quality was great.  The staff is very reassuring and supportive for chickens like me.  The front office staff is friendly, calming and understanding.  I have no dental insurance so I have done a lot of cost comparrasions.  The Dental Depot price is usually lower than other offices, including the local dental school clinic.  Another great fact is that you can have the whole family seen. People complain about the trains,  just pretend you are a kid again.   As far as the complaint about the emergency, I was also an emergency my first time , did not have to wait,  as said before the office is exceptionally clean.
5	I had a broken wisdom tooth with a cavity. I was in and out in less than an hour. Everyone was friendly and professional. I even got a shirt!
5	Came here because my wisdom tooth has been giving me problems like crazy! I was quickly taken to the back, and the staff is very friendly and professional!This will definitely be my first choice when I need dental work! Also the office and lobby are very clean! I actually like the train decorations! I think it's cute & a cozy comforting place. Thanks Dental Depot :)
2	My husband scheduled us an appointment at this office for two reasons:  It was only a mile and a half from our house, and the contracted rate for the dentist's services was the most reasonable in the area.  (We both work with a health insurance company, so we're knowledgeable about how providers are billed.)Upon arriving, we were both very impressed with the office design.  The whole design was based off a train station, or rather, a toy train station.  There's a rail near the ceiling that runs throughout the office.  Everything upfront is wooden and has an antiquated feel.  It really is sight to behold.  Even if you don't ever get services rendered, I would suggest anyone to marvel the imagination that went into this office.The front-office staff was definitely less than stellar.  To be specific, the young, blond woman upfront was very welcoming and professional.  Even when she handed me what I'm sure she realized was an embarrassing amount of paperwork to complete, she did so with a smile.  I enjoyed her.Her colleague struck me as unfriendly and irritated by slow patient check-ins or unsuccessful insurance verifications.  I didn't have direct interactions with her; this was only my observation.I do want to state that, although I didn't see him, I heard the dentist talking with a walk-in patient who had some questions.  From a customer-service stance, the man was very good at using well-positioned statements, using empathetic language, and providing options.  I was VERY impressed with him even though I never even saw his face (because I was filling out paperwork).The patient rooms are also nice and modern, with flat-screen monitors, well-kept and clean instruments, and open environments.  Some offices give the impression of cramming in as many patients as possible, as if we're Chicken McNuggets.  Not the case with this one.The salesperson approach was apparent the moment I went to the examination room.  The hygienist, while nice and professional, talked about issues she noted with my teeth while positioning them with services that I knew my insurance wouldn't cover and would, resultantly, allow for balance-billing.  I also discussed the need for me to resume my orthodontic treatment, since I pulled my braces off six months before after I lost my insurance.  The salesperson approach kicked into overdrive with the gratuitous praise heaped upon the orthodontist, someone who apparently always uses the "most cutting-edge" technology in all of Phoenix.  In fact, she mentioned this twice during my visit.  The whole discussion was so glib.What irritated me most was that I was originally scheduled for a standard cleaning.  They never got around to that.  They discussed with me the need for a deep-scale, which I knew I needed, but I also knew that I had to schedule that after my standard cleaning.  Instead, when I asked about whether I could get any treatment while I was there--at the least, a cleaning--the hygienist stated that they had a 3 p.m. appointment that they had to tend to, so they wouldn't be able to get to me that day.  In essence, I never got what I came for.  Yeah, not the professional response I expected.(On a separate note, my husband was scheduled at the same time.  They were successful in getting his cleaning done and, according to him, they never took a salesperson approach with him.)They provided me a treatment plan, with associated costs, which was another irritant.  Apparently, their contracted rate was nearly double what the insurance company told me it would be.  Although I have a co-insurance, this, nonetheless, increased costs by nearly twofold.I left the office with scheduled appointments for my deep-scale and fillings, but after I got home and thought about the entire experience, I made the decision that I'd seek services elsewhere.  If the blond woman and the faceless dentist I heard ran the entire office, I'd happily pay premium dollar for the service.  However, the other front-office professional, hygienist, and my dentist assured me that I would never return.My husband raved about the office the entire time home.  I hope they both have a long, illustrious relationship together.  No thanks for me.
