2	On Monday nights at 10:30 they have live music here.  Lots of horns and a cool electric guitar player.  But there's too many musicians on stage - twelve?  One of these guys could entertain a crowd for an hour.  12 is acoustic overload.  Also the place is always balls to the wall crowded.  Tough to find a seat.  The Palms should find another venue in their large casino for the Howard Stern show comedian (Howard Stern?? that's so 1998?) who performs here on weekends and let a couple of these guys play.  They rock.  Let them rock more, Mr Maloof.  And let the 90s go sir.  They no longer belong in your casino in this day and age.
2	Even the fact that my teen crush was booked to play 6 dates here cannot make up for the blah-ness. There are so many better done lounges in Vegas. This place seems like it was an after-thought for the folks at the Palms.For the shows Ive been to here, there haven't been tables or any sense of a lounge setting. It has all been just rows of hotel ballroom chairs. And there is no bar inside the lounge itself (and definitely no special drinks or anything). And the servers are quite slow - which while understandable, it is virtually impossible to get more than 2 drinks during a 2.5 hour show (and 2 low-end beers will run you $17).And the acoustics aren't very good (especially when you consider that this is the same place that gave us the Pearl), there is a serious lack of atmosphere, etc., etc.
2	Not going to up the star quality, but I do feel the need to update. My last experience here was better than my previous experiences. While the chairs were even closer together and more cramped, the sound was much, much better. And they actually did have a small bar open inside. So maybe it is a hit or miss thing? Or maybe they are getting better? Still not better enough, though, to bump to 3 stars.
5	Reminds me of the wedding singer from the first hang over movie. Lick you like a lollipop, don't you stop, etc.  The guys performing were awesome. I don't know if I just wasn't sure what to expect or what but I really enjoyed myself. The drinks were flowing and the groove was awesome. It was very laid back kinda beach appropriate. The songs were pop songs re-done to suit their style. There was at least one afro-american male performer and I think 2 asian or pan-asian performers. I think that there was another guy there too but I just wasn't able to see them. And, although they announced their band members, you can't always tell by a name. Anyways, all these artists were awesome. They all complimented one another. I wanted them to do an encore but I wasn't so lucky. They sang songs to a few people in the audience. It was just a real cool vibe. I would have loved to seen them perform for a lot longer. There weren't many people in here as late as it was. So, it was nice. There were plenty of seats and tables. The waitresses were attentive and not pushy. It was just really a good time. LOVE IT!
3	This is a fantastic sounding room to see an intimate show in.  It's just a shame there aren't enough good acts in there.  If you see your favorite band is playing there, then by all means check the place out.  My guitar player did his Lenny Kravitz tribute show there the other night and it was fantastic.  I just never find enough reasons to go otherwise.
4	the show is good while some ppl were smoking inside the dance area.
3	I went to the Lounge at the Palms to see Rick Faugno, who formerly played the part of Frankie Valli in Jersey Boys at the Venetian.  The lounge is a perfect, small venue for this kind of entertainment.  There were probably a hundred people there.It's an intimate room.  I do have to agree with other comments about how close the seating is.  The cocktail waitress, a very slim, pretty thing, had a hard time navigating through the chair and table maze.  Faugno at one time, when he came into the audience, got himself blocked from returning to the stage until he figured an alternate route out of the maze.The lighting and sound were done very well and enhanced the performance.I have one major complaint--the price of drinks.  I realize where I live and I know the Palms is a "hot spot" for the young things, but $4 for a bottle of water!  I should have gotten a free water from a waitress in the casino and given her a good tip.  It would have been 1/2+ less than what I paid in the showroom.  That's almost nightclub kind of pricing.  I'd come back to the Lounge given the entertainment was appealing to me.  But, I've learned a few things, and I'd make my visit a better experience!
1	This review is solely based on the awful service we have received at this bar. Staying at a hotel/casino you look forward to finding a comfortable bar with a friendly staff. We sat down at two vacant seats and were completely ignored. The bar was NOT busy. After patiently waiting to be greeted we noticed two other people sit and immediately get served. When asked the bartender for a drink we received a nasty attitude and eye roll. Get over yourself. Both of the females working looked miserable neither of them smiled once the entire time. Go find another job. Finally the OTHER bartender arrived to take our very simple drink order and both came back completely wrong. It is not rocket science to pour a single liquor mix drink. She at least had apologized and told us she was having an off day. The blonde sat and chatted with the same guy ignoring the other customers and waitresses waiting for service bar. The positive. We have had amazing service from the male bartenders each and every visit. They were extremely attentive and polite. And guess what? They smiled. The woman that waited on us the first day we arrived was very sweet and enjoyable to chat with. If you dislike your job find something else.
4	They have good bands that play here...and its right off the casino, in fact you want basically watch, drink, and play slots all in one location!! haha!!! Enjoy!!!
5	We got quick friendly service the minute we sat down. Drinks were fine. Seats very comfy for sitting and listening to "Santa Fe and the Fat City Horns." This band is great. We loved every minute of The Lounge at the Palms. And no cover for this awesome band!! We don't mind a drink minimum when the service is excellent and the music exceeds our expectations. We had such a good time, I don't remember if it was a 1 drink minimum or not. We really liked the look and feel of the Palms when we walked in and loved the Vegas feel of the Lounge. The night was very memorable. Wish there had been a dance floor, even a little one,
2	Aweful service ! Anyone come to bring us service for at least 20 minutes when the place are almost empty ! The waitress droop all our overpriced  drinks! :/
