1	(This review is for Las Vegas ie: The Strip)Went to Las Vegas on the weekend for a friends 30th B'day celebration.It quickly dawned on me that LV is everything I hate about the USA in one location. Mindless gambling drones, drunk red-neck frat boys at 2 in the afternoon, plastic barbies, the excess of it all.The one star is for the flight home.
1	I whole-heartedly agree with Patrick W.'s review of The Las Vegas Strip.  I recently went on a girl's trip to Vegas and soon discovered-verbatum-what Patrick describes.  I flew in to Vegas from Tucson, after a week of relaxing travel through Arizona - Scottsdale and Tucson - enjoying a couple spa trips along the way and seeing crazy wildlife (havalinas, coyotes, road runners, quail...) and soaking in the sun and serenity.  I deboarded the plane in Vegas and was immediately assaulted with visual and aural stimulation, vis a vis slot machines - flashing lights, bells, whistles and a slough of poor saps dumping their cash into these machines and getting nothing in return but the momentary thrill of the possibility of hitting "the big one".  And this is in the AIRPORT.  I immediately thought "what the f*** have I gotten myself into" and considered high-tailing it back to the plane.  BUT I sucked it up and joined my girlfriends and of course had a good time with THEM - dancing at the House of Blues, saw "O"...which must stand for "O My F-ing GOD, these tickets are EXPENSIVE!"  I'm definitely NOT a gambler...lost a whole ONE dollar on a slot machine (after sticking in my dollar and within 15 seconds it was just GONE..."ok, this BLOWS"...I did try my hand at black jack on the LAST day and walked away $15 richer!   And I must say I had one of the best massages EVER at the New York New York spa, but the effects of serenity there were soon vaporized when I had to walk through the NOISEY, SMOKEY casino to get back to my room.  -It angered me that they have it all figured out to the nth degree how best to take your money...I realized this when I arrived early at the NY NY hotel and had to wait for a friend for about an hour prior to checking in...I looked around the lobby...not ONE chair or bench or planter box to sit your butt down.  You had to either sit at the bar (where the machine is built into the bar right in front of you), or you have to sit at some lousy machine.  So the odds of you plunking in $$ while you wait are high...unless you're me.  I sat my ass down at the bar and ordered my one drink....and waited...patience of a Saint.  Another thing that irked me was that on the last day we were out lounging at the pool, enjoying some drinks and the sun, when we hear over a loud speaker "the pool will be closing in 15 minutes" - it was 4:45 in the pm.  They wanted to make sure to corale all the sunbathers back in to the casino to lose more money!  That was it for me.  It was that realization of how whorific that town is that I don't intend to ever go back.  The highlight of the trip was randomly seeing Diane Keaton strolling with a friend through the New York New York lobby right in front of me.  My first thought was, why in the hell of all places on Earth would Diane Keaton choose to be HERE??  I surmised it was either for an upcoming role, or she had been kidnapped.  Despite my disgust at the money churning machine that is Las Vegas and the fact that it is DEVOID of ANY culture whatsoever, I did have a great time with the girls, but for the money I'd rather go anywhere else in the world.  Even Tukwila.  The 1 star is because I haven't yet figured out how to give a negative 5 stars.
5	I sum up the previous two reviews with one word.I do mean this in the most respectful way possible.Ignoramuses.How can you go to a city, let alone a state, built from the desert up on GAMBLING, and not EXPECT to see all of the things you detest so much?Sorry.Vegas has much of what I dislike also. All that beach, no ocean.  Sorry, none of the pools, including the wave pool at Mandalay, will ever match up.Second hand smoke, the hardest water I've ever experienced, high crime rate, summer heat.Vegas also has much of what I love.Great food, around-the-clock living, Mt. Charleston snow, inexpensive real estate and cost of living, and from an unconfirmed source, about 100k expatriots from Hawaii now residing there.  What this means for me is a much closer location than Oahu if I ever need to get my aloha tanks filled.Some of the people I hold closest to my heart reside in Las Vegas.Thats why I'll always go back.  Ok, shit, so I like playing blackjack, poker, and craps once in a while.Ok, so I love eating food prepared by some of the best chefs on the planet.Ok, so sometimes I love looking at scantily clad women without having to be in a strip club.Ok, so during the winter I love leaving the strip in shorts and a t-shirt, traveling 45 minutes away, and boarding down Mt CharlestonOh, and just in case you ever decide to go to Disneyland, look out.  Mickey Mouse, Donald Duck, and Goofy reside there.  Just in case you can't stand them and didn't realize they'd be there.aloha~!
4	Things I love about Las Vegas:  My hair dries in record time  You can drink all day long  No one looks a you strangely if you dress up  So much to see and do  You can sit by the pool anytime of yearThings I hate about Las Vegas:  Immune system is shot after three days  Can only stay here for about 72 hours before you go insane from slot music  Taxis are outrageously expensive  People walk slower than normal  Buffet desserts aren't nearly as good as the buffet entrees
5	haha, you all know the line: whatever happens here...
5	So gracing it's presence with a review, may I introduce:                                   $                               $                $               $                              $        $        ** Fabulous **           $ $                                                         $       $       ***LAS VEGAS***     $               $                               $                      $  Nevada  $                               $For my 400th review, I thought I'd go big, like show girl fantastic-lose my child's college funds gambling-puking on the strip-and oh my god, is that a hooker on my bathroom floor, big. So below, I've come up with a questionnaire1. Oh my God I can't believe I _________ last night/this morning (circle one)2. You've woken up next to a naked man/woman (circle one) that you've  a. had wild monkey sex with and oh my, is that a hand print on my ass b. played a version of  9  1/2weeks game with room service c. played a rousting game of canasta whilst sipping grapefruit juice d. all of the above3. You've decided to visit the bunny ranch do you? a. clear out your retirement fund b. use your equity line of credit c. put it on your card, cause for the love of Gandhi, she can take it to the hilt4. You find a $100 bill by the slots. You  a. keep it b. keep it & spend it c. both a & c5. You're at a strip club, where a lovely "dancer" has allowed you to _____to her. Do you a. continue to _______ and get blue balls b. promptly remove your hand and wash 10 times in the bathroom  c. promptly remove your hand and tongue it cleand. let her take you home with her where you promptly pass out and she proceeds to write on your face with sharpie in frustration6. Wait, I puked ________ (where) on ______ (who/what)7. I lost how much money on ___________?!!8. You've encountered the porn peddlers on the strip. Do you a. try to give the porn back b. Se Habla Espanol in el Pollo Loco? c. threaten to kick their ass?
4	From the slot machines upon arrival at the airport to the larger than life variety buffets, everything is just over the top. I guess everyone has to visit at least once in their lifetime and you'll be amazed or totally disgusted? :)The hotel setup that mimics everything, you can have a little piece of Italy, France, New York, Egypt, pirates, classy to ghetto fabulous, you name it, you can and will have it. Btw, Elvis, Marilyn, everyone is in Vegas! What happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas + Ka-ching $$$$ !
5	I only started going to Vegas within the past year and a half, and within that time frame I have been over 10 times.  Its probably just a phase, but I am addicted!Us Westcoasters have an advantage- a trip to Vegas is much easier to pull off when you're only an hour long plane ride away.  For lots of people, that fact is the bane of their existences (not naming names).For me- it has been both the bane of my existence as well as the experiences that have made the best years of my life even better.  Vegas never ceases to amaze me- things just keep getting more and more out of control in this crazy city...Might as well enjoy it now while I'm young and have disposable income!!! I'm sure I'll be kicking myself later in life, but I sure as hell am loving it now!Faves: BodyEnglish, Moon, Mix, Foundation Room, Nobu, Tryst, Hard Rock Hotel and Casino, Love, 24hr everything, smoking inside (yea yea...i know), everything closes late, amazing food, amazing displays of entertainment (like the cryptic water show at the Wynn)...the list goes on...and on...and on......and onNot so much faves:  return home sickly and with a cough after every trip, the extreme temperatures - either blazing hot outside or freezing air conditioning inside, too much temptation, always spend way to much $, lots of superficial peopleAll in all- I like it more than not.  Cant wait to party it up there again this coming weekend....!
3	i dont really know how to explain it, but when i was in vegas, i felt like i was living in somebody else's dream.
5	I always say that if you're going to be friends or lovers with someone don't try to change them, either be their friend or don't be their friend. I don't like how silicon feels, and I'm not into fake boobs, but Ilove Las Vegas' fake tits because my girlfriends have a peculiar pride in them. Personally, I would be horrified, surgery is surgery and it hurts and it is dangerous, but I guess it's the same pride as getting a tattoo.Everyone who gets a boob job feels that to get their money's worth, they have to show everyone they can, so this includes all their female friends.  I'll be sitting on the couch in their home and then they'll lift up their shirt and say, what do you think? Or fresh from a trip from LA, they will drag me to the bathroom and lift up their shirt. "This is what $5000 can do!" Or the best one, my psychic mentor who is 88 years old and still wears leather pants and looks like Joan Collins tells me about her doing yoga and eating split pea soup. She stirs the pot and then lifts up her shirt, "Not bad for an 88 year old, huh?"I have to say that fake boobs on my 88 year old psychic mentor look like a really fresh boob job on a twenty something.Here's another thing, about facades and fakes. Vegas assumes everyone is a criminal. Whether you're a professional blackjack player with a computer strapped to your leg, or the little old lady who tries to take one of her silvers back after the dealer's hole card is shown, the cameras are on you wherever there is gambling, aka wherever there are slot machines which include the gas stations, grocery stores, shopping malls, bars, restaurants, and we're not even talking about the casinos. It's very weird that I have to apply hand lotion and face lotion every two minutes because there is no humidity in the air. And we haven't even started talking about the gambling. As an ex-card counter, I can tell you that card counting is not illegal, and it is super duper fun until you get kicked out.I remember that when I was a dealer at the Dunes that I was "juiced" in and that I had to meet the GM first before anyone would send me down to the Sheriff's office to get my Sheriff's card. I'm still mad that my fingerprints are on file at the Sheriff's office. Oh well, there goes my career for the CIA.Vegas doesn't even trust their own employees, you have to constantly show the eye in the sky that your hands are clean, 8 times a day, once every hour--talk about paranoid, and the city is so in denial about their paranoia that they offer everyone sex and booze just to make them more fuzzy, less inclined to do something clever, like stop gambling or going to strip clubs and drinking and doing lines of coke, or spending their children's college fund, or staying up 48 hours straight or getting married to the waitress from Ohio or buying that tranny prostitute for just 30 minutes, or drinking another shot of bourbon, or driving with open alcohol, or walking around with open alcohol or putting $10,000 on black, or buying crystal meth, which is the number one drug in Vegas, unlike most major cities number one drug, which is usually pot....I could go on, but now that I live in New York, I go to bed at a decent hour, and not at 5am like I used to.
2	Pros: - Easy to make money if you lack a college education.- A tourist economy that permits upward mobility among lower classes via tips. Also, it has become standard decorum in Vegas to tip in industries in that are not perceived as tip-worthy elsewhere (e.g., nail salons, car washes).- Kitschy architecture and art that is unique to Vegas. - Affordable houses and townhouses. - Less racial tension than other larger cities.- FREE PARKING EVERYWHERE!!! Parking lots are abundant, rarely do you ever have to park on the street, and parking lots are always free. - Cool place if you like to gamble and party.- A truly 24 hour city - you can do your grocery shopping, hit the gym, or go out to dinner 24/7. - The winters aren't warm (it's a desert, not the coast), but snow in the winter is never an issue. - Never humid, with a little extra conditioner you can get your hair to do whatever the hell you want it to and never have to worry about it going flat or frizzy.- Amazing shopping (think Chanel rather than Intermix). - Fine dining epicenter (housed in casinos only). Cons: - The women in Vegas are vacuous, uneducated, with bad style. Frosted pink lipstick, huge fake boobs, haggard ex-druggie face, baby-T's and distressed denim, and lots of sweat. I feel like I'm in an eighties porno. - Incestuous social circles. - No locally grown food, and the stuff that is grown here isn't organic (or particularly nutritious since there is no decent soil in the valley). Consequently, the food off the strip is prepared with ingredients that are shipped in from California. These ingredients are picked before they are sufficiently ripened, treated with chemicals to artificially induce ripeness, and therein lies the reason why food in Vegas is tasteless and the flavors are so muted. - Limited things to do if you don't drink, gamble, or go to clubs. This means that if you are under 21, you are at home getting high and playing video games (I know I was). - No cultural innovation, since anyone remotely talented or creative moves somewhere else. No available jobs for creative professionals. - Commuter university that doesn't lend itself to the establishment of a college town culture. - One of the highest high school drop out rates in the nation.- One of the least responsive media markets in the nation. You will never see a film being released here that isn't being released in at least 100 other cities. - Highest teen pregnancy rate in the nation, a result of the insidious but ever-present religious power complex that exists in this city, constantly wielding its power to crush anything progressive or reasonable (like planned parenthood). - Lesbian community rife w/ gnarly uneducated women in cowboy hats or catty pseudo-hipster college students. - Huge population of people with limited or no education occupying high paying professions, meaning that the people operating this city are dumb as rocks. - Limited mental health care facilities, which translates into having a substantial percentage of the local population self-medicated and driving drunk 24 hours a day (hence the astronomical DUI rates).- One of the highest domestic abuse rates in the nation. Conjoin a bustling drug trade, the 24 hour availability of liquor, and underscore it all with a cultural milieu that hates women (ala conservative religious and androcentric sex trade gender politics), and you get sky high domestic abuse rates. - The city attracts people who can't successfully live anywhere else, whether its due to their disaffecting personality, addictive behavior, or delusional relationship with reality. - It's a small town masquerading as a big city. People move here because they think the valley is the Strip, when in actuality, if you're not on the Strip, you're essentially in a strip mall somewhere in Arkansas.- Downtown gentrification projects and new high rise developments are elitist, the cost of which prohibit young, creative, and innovative people from affording them. - All apartments have carpeted floors. Like I really want to live on a pile of fabric that has been lived on by innumerable other people that is impossible to sanitize. - The men in Vegas fall into one of three categories. A) a tourist who wants to get drunk and fuck, B) local who wants to get drunk and fuck, and then go home to his unknowing wife, C) Las Vegas native with severe addiction/mommy/daddy issues.- Inconvenient public trans, grid system city planning, no "green" spaces, recycling services that don't serve apartments.- Post-segregation town; segregation was an irrefutable social scourge, but it encouraged the development of rich cultural enclaves (e.g., Little Tokyo, Little Italy, etc.). Vegas lacks these rich cultural hotspots.
3	What you expect to happen in Vegas:gamble, party, drink, shop, not sleepWhat you don't expect to happen in Vegas:When you are happily playing my nickel slot machine, a big black guy starts massaging his balls in front of you.  Cash out.
2	In the puritan desert that this country is, where drinking is severely regulated, smoking is legally restricted, gambling is forbidden, and sex is taboo; Las Vegas is the oasis where you can drink, smoke, gamble and get screwed all at once.The price of this amazing sinful combo varies with the individual and it's inversely proportional to their self-control.Down the Las-Vegas-Strip river, flows an obscene amount of money.On the other hand (or is it the same one?) the world capital city of hedonism, offers the greatest menu for leisure and recreation that one can imagine. Good eating (although awful food is found way more often), SPAs and all kinds of entertainment are constantly happening here. Amusement keeps me going back there once in a blue moon; otherwise I don't like the place.
5	Vegas, You're good for a long weekend. But I would hate to live with you. You're an expensive bitch, and we don't look anything alike.But then you get me slightly smashed, then I don't care what you look like.. cause you'll love me anyway.  And maybe you'll show me your celeb friends. And we'll all hang out until 7am. Sure enough you'll beat me up with your liquor and dancing, but I'll come back next year. Fully equipped with bandaids and Advil.Regards,Whitey In Oregon
5	love/hate relationship.the good: food, food, food. you just have to know where and when to go. you can't come to vegas and not indulge in one of the seven sins: gluttony. the dranky dranks and yards of happiness. i learned not too long ago that it is in fact illegal to drink while walking the streets of vegas. the cops just don't care, have some sort of understanding, and have bigger things to worry about. why can't that be the case everywhere else?!?! and last but not least, the very few proud moments that i win some "big bucks."the bad: waking up the next afternoon, wondering what the f happened the night before. losing a couple hundred bucks at one table, and not learning to stand up and walk away. having the casinos at stateline to fool the idiots like me that think it's my last chance to "win big!!!"the ugly: i hate you for taking my money time and time again. i love you for teasing me with the money i "won" only to lose it at my next stop. i love you for the free drinks while i'm donating to the las vegas fund. i hate you for the lack of sleep i get. i love you for the drapes that hide the sunlight. i hate you for the moments i walk into a casino around 11pm, then walk out in daylight. i love you for the endless fun."whatever happens in vegas, stays in vegas" is not true when you're there with those who remember everything you don't. oh sin city, oohhh drunken moments, ohh vegas, see you again soon...
3	Las Vegas, I don't really know you. But I do want to thank you for all of those Thanksgiving and Christmas cards from all of those years. (been coming down since '73)Doesn't matter what I may think of the town, I live here now. It's home.And by town I mean off-strip. The far end of  "its a 1/2 hour to get anywhere"It is surprising what you do hear about it from people born here, or that have been here for several years. People are genuinely nice more or less, like anywhere. Markets, gas stations, even at the DMV (they try anyway). Not much walking at all, so you won't just pass by someone often.Although there is an apologetic sense from people I've met, "yeah it's hotter than hell", "people drive crazy", "lots of drunks", "lots of overweight people", "careful the Casino's are bad don't play", "this is nothing like a San Francisco or a New York". I myself did not know there was an ambulance here built to handle 1000lbs patients in town, a local told me, and he laughed. I even had a local tell me it's a "shithole". I'm fine with that. I'm here.There is something else but,  that will need more experience, and continue another day.Forward HO!!Red Rocks Canyon. Valley of Fire. Mount Charleston. Lake Mead. Sunrise Hills. Las Vegas Speedway. Lots of stuff around...Makes me keep that Dirt Bike on my list of "things", got to do some exploring!The Shows & The Strip are nice for a change from the everyday. And are only 1/2 hour away........but now since town has spread out so much there is actually quite a lot nearby, what ever part of town you may live. Home.........
3	Hooray for copious amounts of alcohol and air conditioning!Boo for overcharging for everything and trying to dupe customers into paying more than they owe on bar tabs!But I'm a sucker with a short term memory. So I'll be back for more punishment soon. And be surprised all over again.
5	Hmm..I was hesitant to give it 5 stars, but really I love coming here. My first trip here was last year and I've been back 3 times already and planning on going 2 more times this year.It doesn't really get old to me and I enjoy the idea that I know my way around to some point, but have yet to see the entire place. Our last trip we decided to taxi everywhere (specially since I had a fractured ankle) and I decided taking a taxi is so worth it.We went to Fremont St. NOT WORTH IT hahahaha or at least if you've never been, you can go once and be set for 10 years.I like gambling, so that may contribute to the love of it all, even if I have the money or not. I get so use to being able to gamble and drink in public that when I come back to reality it throws me off.I've only gone when it's super hot (and causes chafing) so I don't know what it's like during the winter.Also, I agree, why are their so many families here that don't care that their children are exposed to great amounts of smoke, porno, and young, drunk childless people?So far I've only stayed at the Paris, Imperial Palace, and that timeshare building. All on the strip and all within great walking distances of everything.I like the feeling of waking up and being able to go down to the lobby/casino like I live there. HAHAHi, my name is Clarisse and I'm a gambleholic.
4	Four words.  Sin City and Shit Show.  I guess that is really 5.
5	Warning: THIS IS A TOURIST TRAP! Stay home!I LOVE VEGAS! Even though they always take my money! It's like a love/hate relationship! I love that you are fun, but I really hate that you take my money! Why must you be so greedy! I feel like I'm the man in a relationship and your the blood sucking greedy bitch! I just can't seem to divorce you! I just keep coming back over and over again like a fool.When will I learn........NEVER!!!! And honestly, I don't want too!
2	things I like about vegas:guns.red rock.its legal to get your windows tinted opaque.there's in and out burger!things I dont like:everything else.and man! they drive FAST! holy crap... never complaining about boston drivers again!I have yet to sample any of the legal prostitution (although lawd knows I am in dire need of it) so until then, 2 stars.
5	I'd like to dedicate my 300th review to the amazing Las Vegas! Vegas is my home away from home!I have probably been to Vegas 25+ times in my lifetime and only about 7 of those trips were after I'd turned 21. Because my Canadian uncle loves to gamble, Vegas tends to be a popular family reunion spot for our family. How many people have spent multiple Easter's in Las Vegas?!I have stayed at the Wynn, Mirage, Planet Hollywood, Venetian, Bellagio, Desert Inn (think it might be gone now), and Imperial Palace and enjoyed them all! (though some are a lot classier than others...) Their VIP suites with chocolate covered strawberries and champagne are a great feature too!I've also won at the craps table, lost at the craps table, won at the blackjack table, lost at the blackjack table, won on the slot machines, lost on the slot machines, layed out at multiple gorgeous pools (but never gotten burnt!), eaten too much amazing food (at Bouchon, Wynn restaurants, etc but never gotten sick), loved clubbing (at Tryst, Tao, Pure, Light, Body English, etc and often at tables...), shopped (at malls, at Caesar's Palace, and more), seen excellent shows (Zumanity, Jersey Boys, Cirque de Soleil, the Temptations, the Pointer Sisters), ridden in limos, endured strange injuries (piggy back rides can be dangerous!), and much, much more! I heart Vegas and am always looking for an excuse to take another trip!!!
2	You know those Vegas commercials where everything goes chaotic and the answer is to go to Vegas? Well...I went here on vacation to relax, only to come back to San Francisco unrelaxed and still wanting a vacation. I think Las Vegas was meant for girls and their girlfriends, guys and their bro-friends, pimps and their ho-friends, and everyone else but me.When I muster up the courage about a year or so from now, I might be able to go back to Vegas and give it at least four stars. The Bellagio watershow was more amazing in real life, the high-end shops like Louis Vuitton and Dior insult your wallet, every hotel is pretty much its own amusement park, and the buffets will make you buy bigger pants (unless you have a fast metabolism like me, ha ha).That's just the strip. Go down to old Las Vegas on Fremont and see a whole different crowd of people: rednecks, cowboys, Denny's breakfast menu senior citizens, etc.At the age of 22, this was my first time in Vegas and that amazes people. I don't see what all the fuss is about. Some people visit Vegas once a year if not multiple times a year, and I on the other hand can't imagine going back at least for a while.Vegas is chaotic.
5	True StoryHawaii Freeloadin Friends, "Hey, I heard you're going to vegas, we were gonna plan a trip, when are you going?"Me,    "I don't know, when were you thinking of going?"HFF   "Umm, don't know"M       "Well, when are you going?"HFF    "When you are."M       "How much money are you taking up?"HFF   "I don't mind blowing a few hundy's."M      " A few hundy's, is that your limit per day?"HFF   "I was thinking that would last me a week."M      "OH"HFF   "So you gonna hit up the clubs?"M       "yeah, we'll get a couple tables."HFF   "How much are the bottles?"M       "Minimum 3 bottles, about 400 each"HFF    "OH"HFF   "Maybe we'll pass on the club, wanna check out some strip clubs?"M       "I wanna get me a dance from Heather, she's hot!"HFF    "A dance, How much is that?"M         "$20"HFF     "it's not like Hawaii, where I can just give em a dollar?"M         "um, NO"HFF     "What hotel you staying at?"M         "Mandalay, Caesers or Bellagio."M         "Where you staying?"HFF     "Fremont or the Cal or maybe at da kines cousins house."HFF     "We were thinking of taking in a show."M         "I love O and Mystere."HFF     "We were thinking, the amazing Jonathon, the fountains at             Bellagio, the lion habitat or the hypnotist guy"M         "OH"HFF     "What's a good restaurant?"M         "Aqua at Bellagio is my favorite (now Michael Mina's)."HFF     "Sounds expensive, I think we'll stick with the buffet at             Mainstreet"HFF     "So when you gonna book your ticket?"M          "I'll let you know."HFF     "Okay, cool, we'll definitely hang out, I goin check Vacations                 Hawaii."Me       "Yeah definitely, call me!"************************************3 months later***************************randomly run into HFF in casino.HFF     "Hey, you stay in Vegas too, wow, how come you never call me               back so we could plan our trip?"Me       "Awww, I'm sorry it was last minute."HFF     "So you wanna get some tables at the Club, Check out some              strippers, Catch a show, eat at Aqua?"Me       "Sorry, maybe next time, I have plans."HFF     "OH"Me       "Bye"My resident vegas friend," Who's that?"Me, "Oh my gawd, those are my leacher friends that wanted to hang out         with me in Vegas but I totally gave them the ditch."MRVF, "Well, your totally leacher friends that you ditched just won like             $100,000 on that penny slot machine."
2	I gotta say... it is an odd place.History:Mobsters need a place to launder money, so they build crap in the desert.  Too much crap.The crap gets cheesy.  REALLY CHEESY.Then Steve Wynn comes into a failing mobster town... (this is a bit simplistic to say the least) and watches the town failing because the bottom line is *all of a sudden* really, really, really important... because there is no endless cash through illegal activities.  All the buffets, clubs, performances... once a silly, trite amenity are now the total business model.  And what was once becoming a disneyland town in the 90's is now sitting reinvented by Wynn as a world class place for the world to come and find the finest of everything.... but it isn't.  It is an awkward pain in the middle of stopped construction going through tremendous growing pains and fantastic infrastructure problems.  Hotels have a price point about 30% anything I have ever seen..... and all this because the lack of the fine old illegal funds coupled with this world class nonsense... you have one of the most ridiculously overrated, overhyped, and overpriced town in the world.It is fun with the right people... or person.  It is a blast.  It can be naughty, it can be romantic....but it will always be depressingly, emasculatingly expensive... smokey enough to ruin suits, and a massive show of classless troglodytes yammering at tables, begging at slot machines, and mindlessly ambling, slack jawed, dazed, lost, and totally oblivious.I am always the latter.
4	After living here 10 years I figure I have seen enough to have something to say.What started as a rural community with a few subdisions and of course the toursist attraction of a street full of casinos & hotels. The Strip.Then it was NightClubs,StripClubs,MegaRessorts, and World Class Dining & Entertainment.This place has morphed into a Metropolis with freeways criss-crossing the city and MegaResorts, Supermalls, neighborhood strip malls and neighborhood casinos suburban communities like Summerlin, Del Webb, Lone Mountain, and all the subdiviisions.Houses were built by the 1000's overnight with imported labor. Population went from 60K to over 300K in less than 5 years.WHat happend?Schools are 48th in the country which is BAD.Huge class sizes, very underqualified teachers and lots of non-english speaking.40% high school drop out rate!!Healthcare is non-existant-UMC the county hospital receycled needles spreading Hepatitis last year.Plus nurse shortages.Courts, County Commission, Mayor and other Governemnt Offcials are corrupt as they come.-The mayor is a former mob attorney. County officials have been indicted & convicted of many crimes, Judges & lawyers arrested regularly. Its madnessParks & Recreation is where we actually exceed expectations. Theres lots of parks and stuff to do without having to gamble.Lots of sporting events for the kids.Jobs-Well pay is relatively low unless you are in a high tip paying job or a stripper or something illegal.Most jobs on the Strip require a Sherrifs Card which cost you $40-$50 and requires a background check and fingerprinting at the police station.Some jobs also require a Health Card for food handling etc, this requires you to go to the hospital and get a TB shot and watch a video some people have to get other shots too.Then there the TAM card-Tobacco & Alcohol Managemnt-waitresses,bartenders,clerks and lots more have to get this card which requires a class & test to complete. Plus it cost you $80-#$00.Food & Entertainment.-Well everyone knows about the Fancy Chefs and all their Fancy restaurants on the Strip but Las VEgas is filled with culinary delights. Many people relocate here and bring their own cuisine and styles.There's tons of community events for familys and Vegas knows how to throw a party. The big Holidays are always loaded with tourists  but you kind find many intimate events throughout the year.Lots of quality librarys and other resources.Casinos have been allowed to build in residential neighborhoods so now nearly every neighborhood has a casino of some kind which is nice if you like $2.99 breakfast & other thinngs casinos offer.The bus system has added the Duece to its fleet making ir a little better but its still a little slow. The monorail has been erected but not completed. It seems it would be a better beenfit going to & from the airport to the strip.Many of the traditional casinos had been imploded & new ones bigger & brighter and more expensive have been built in their place. Condos on the strip have become a reality and even Trump has come to town.Our XFL Football team came & went. We have lots of sporting events and concerts to attend and at reasonable prices.No real chance of ever getting a PRO sports team..Las Vegas is hot & sunny 300 days a year and for some a little too hot but we adapt and learn to beat the heat.We have pools in our backyards all hotels and apartments have them too. Lake Mead & Hoover Dam is just a drive to the water even though its been less than impressive over the years.It's pricy to live in the city but you have everything you need right in the neighborhood, lots of great finds & deals around, usually plenty of jobs to go around and there's always a little luck.You can take a vacation just by going down the strip or downtown , theres always something new & exciting. Learning to use the comp system at the casinos makes living in Vegas so much funner.Prostituion may not be legal but there's plenty of Escorts for you and Marijuana has been decriminalized so the cops don't fuck with you plus the quality has gotten alot better with all the legal supply in California nearby.I love this place all you can eat munchies for under $10 everyday!!
1	like 9/11never again
5	Drinkin'Gamblin'Walkin'Dancin'Partyin'Drinkin'Smokin'Winnin'Losin'People Watchin'I LOVE LAS VEGAS! And, this is my 100th review! YAY!
5	Viva Las Vegas - and all the old cliches apply.I love it here for 3-4 day stints about every 2-3 years.I will never be a hard-core Vegas tourist, and I doubt if I will move here - but I enjoy visiting every few years and eating, drinking and indulging.It's surprisingly good for families with kids - lots to do (think wave pools at the Venetian.)
5	It's just about the best place you can go for anything you want at any time of the day.  I LOVE VEGAS!!!
3	Bright light city gonna set my soulGonna set my soul on fire (yeah, that's heart burn from the ridiculous buffets)Got a whole lot of money that's ready to burn,So get those stakes up higher (better be ready to leave broke!)There's a thousand pretty women waitin' out thereAnd they're all livin' devil may care ($1.95/ minute some additional fees may apply)And I'm just the devil with love to spareViva Las Vegas, viva Las Vegas (you and the millions of other Vince Vaughn wannabes)How I wish that there were moreThan the twenty-four hours in the day(because you'll probably be passed out for 12 of the ones you're here)cause even if there were forty moreI wouldn't sleep a minute away(Not that you could in this town)Oh, there's black jack and poker and the roulette wheelA fortune won and lost on every deal(Yeah, fortunes made by casinos, and lost by you)All you needs a strong heart and a nerve of steelViva Las Vegas, viva Las Vegas(All you need is a thick skull and cheap cologne)Viva Las Vegas with you neon flashinAnd your one arm bandits crashin'All those hopes down the drain(and handing you titty tear sheets)Viva Las Vegas turnin day into nighttimeTurnin night into daytimeIf you see it onceYou'll never be the same again(that's for damn sure, RIP Sands, Frontier, etc., etc.)I'm gonna keep on the run (you'll have to)I'm gonna have me some fun (no doubt)If it costs me my very last dime (and it will)If I wind up broke up wellI'll always remember that I had a swingin time(this I can't deny)I'm gonna give it everything I've got (even the shirt off your back)Lady luck please let the dice stay hotLet me shout a seven with every shotViva Las Vegas, viva Las Vegas,Viva, viva Las VegasOk, I'm being snarky, when truthfully, I love Las Vegas.  My mom grew up here and I've spent A LOT on and off the strip, so I have a special relationship with the town both as a sort of inside/outsider.If you don't live here, Vegas is great for about 24 hours and then it is just exhausting.  If you do live here, it's a struggle (unless you roll like Steven Wynn - and I don't even think he's got it all that easy).  But regardless - Vegas is fun and Vegas has a spirit all it's own.  Maybe it's the modern Sodom and Gomorrah, maybe it's the collective Id letting out our wild pagan spirits - but Vegas is one hell of a town - no one can deny that.  I just wish it had retained some of the class it once had instead of accumulating all of its excessive grandiosity it's drowning in now.People who are from Vegas have a love/hate relationship with their town.  They like the quirks, but hate the tourists.  They want to leave (a lot of them) but most of them stick around.  Vegas is a place of perpetual limbo - a world caught between absurd fantasy and stark reality.For this reason, I rate Vegas squarely in the middle as there as many reasons to love Vegas as there are to hate it.  And given that most of the time the house sets the odds against you, I'd say giving it a 50/50 is generous :)
3	OOooh vegas.. they say that every one of your pretty little lights is paid for by some loser.I own QUITE a few of those little pretty twinklers.Seriously, fun every few years, but even then for 2 days. That's all I can take of this overpriced, plastic, fake, money pit.
5	http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NWEVx1Tave4&feature=relatedWhat started off as a city to let loose and have a little fun has become my second home.At first, Las Vegas was strictly confined to the narrow boarders of The Strip.And can you blame me?Blazing bright neon lights, ceaseless sounds of spinning slot machines, crazed crowds looking to party, and enough food and drink for a lifetime of total and utter debauchery.It was HELLA FUN.But things change when friends and family decided to live here.Who knew there was more to Las Vegas than The Strip?There are parks, churches, schools, libraries, grocery stores, a million strip malls . . . . you know everyday kinda stuff.  It weirded me thinking that people could 1) live here and 2) seriously, people really do live out here.But it's cool - now.I still enjoy an occasional Vegas getaway when needing to chill or the 2-4 bug bites; although, I have toned things down a little.Don't get me wrong, I'll still hit The Strip once in awhile.  I just have to temper the partying knowing that I may have an early tee time the next day.BTW, did I ever tell you the time I almost vomited on Paris Hilton?Sad but True story.
4	Went to Las Vegas this weekend and had a blast.  We had some good food, walked for miles looking at the flashing lights, casinos and weird architecture. The - one star is for the long line of people snapping cards in your ear..eech
5	I probably have lung cancer from all the inhaled second-hand smoke....I probably have a failed liver from all the alcohol i consumed the three days I stayed in Vegas ...I probably acquired an STD from the pole I had been dancing on at Club Pure...I probably have aged 10 years in the three days in Vegas from partying/vomiting/grinding/fighting, etc.....i probably have no more friends because I chose to act like one of the dumb bitches from the bad girls club being belligerently drunk.BUT HEY! YOU only live once!don't judge me
5	Vegas: 1Me: 0/sobsGood Times!
5	It's not Europe, It's not Puerto Rico, it's not any of the exotic islands I've visited down in the Caribbean........but I'm still a fan.People asked me if I liked Vegas, I told them I do.  I could never live here though.  The city is like a plastic dollhouse.  It's fake, but it's nice looking.  You want it to be real, but you know deep down what it really is.After all that, I'm still a big fan and can't wait to go back.
5	Vegas Baby, Vegas! I've only been to Vegas once before but that was for a wedding and i was also in a relationship at that time. In other words - my trip sucked. However, this time was a way different! So many hilarious stories to tell. The 72 hour slaughter fest was freaking nuts man! 5 buddies and myself ventured off to Las Vegas to celebrate our friends birthday through the whole memorial day weekend. We stayed at the Luxor in a 2 bedroom spot in one of the luxor towers. We got slaughtered on the strip. We got slaughtered at the many casinos. We hollared at women both on and off the strip. I gambled a lot and was so drunk i was asking the blackjack dealer to "hit me" while i was on 19 LOL. We took pictures with ladies on the strip and ladies we met in the club. We managed to catch a live performance inside the Cesar's palace club "pure" of Method Man and Redman for their new album Release of "BLACKOUT 2" i believe. I managed to be the only one not dancing during the performance staring at Meth and Red like a zombie - on one because i was so blasted. In addition, i also managed to get kicked out out the club ( nonviolently ) and somehow ended up in the backstage area of Cesar's palace. Yet, with all of this happening, i somehow caught a $20 dollar limo back to the Luxor by myself. LMAO. Luxor's breakfast buffet was great. I really didn't eat much anywhere else. It was a lot of drinking done that whole weekend. I'll be going back soon hopefully. But this time we will be flying and not driving. That drive was brutal lol. As i said, many stories man. Vegas is definitely not a place for a family. There is drugs, drunk people, and working girls in and around the casinos all over the place. LOL. I highly recommend it for adults! It is in fact, an adult playground indeed! LOL Definitely go and get slaughtered and leave all inhibitions aside!! yeaaa!!!!!!! 5 out of 5 because i was with all my boys!
5	Many emotions ran through me when I was in Vegas. Right when we got there we heard the news of the Pop Icon Michael Jackson passing away. We didn't let that bring our trip down. We did it big for MJ. We celebrated his life. Here's some other feelings I have about the trip.Las VegasI miss you (feel so carefree when I'm there)I hate you (why you take my money!?)I love you(Food!, Drinks!,Dances on Laps!)Plane ride to VegasI hate you (turbulence like a motherf*cker!!)I love you (for getting me to Vegas in an hour)I miss you (until next trip)Vodka, Jack D., Capt. Morgan, JagerI love you (got me buzzzzzzzzin'!!!)I hate you ( the next morning )I miss you ( when I'm at work )YelpI love you (although I've neglected you)I hate you (Freestyle Fridays will make a comeback soon)I miss you ( too busy at work )Sorry my fellow yelpers for the late review. Got right back to work once I came home. More vegas reviews to come.
1	Parking Nazis! Park your car on any street w/o any signs prohibiting parking and you can and probably WILL get a $75.00 parking ticket! It's not like this city doesn't ream residents enough for every necessity known to man but now since people are leaving like rats on a sinking ship they have a new scam to give you 2 tickets then tow your car!! I call down to the parking department and listen to the recording which tells me if they make a mistake and give you multiple tickets that you STILL HAVE TO PAY THE FIRST TICKET EVEN IF YOU PROVE THE CITY MADE A MISTAKE! That's my first clue it's a scam. Then I speak to Fayleen, the Trailer Park Queen (no offense) who proceeds to tell me they don't care and to come down and give them some money or my wages will be garnished to pay the tickets and my car will be impounded indefinitely if I don't comply with their gestapo tactics! I'm livid beyond description and HATE THIS CESS POOL MOCK CITY!I'm so angry that I'll have to finish later when I calm down.I can't calm down because they gave us ANOTHER TICKET @ 4:00 P.M. ON A SATURDAY! SINCE WHEN DOES ANY CITY EMPLOYEE DO ANYTHING WORK RELATED ON A SATURDAY? 100 OTHER CARS ON THE STREET AND OURS IS THE ONLY ONE WITH $225 WORTH OF PARKING TICKETS!!!!! WHEN TRYING TO MOVE THE CAR WE FOUND SOMEONE HAD CLIPPED ALL THE ENGINE WIRES! IMPRESSIVE WORK BY CITY EMPLOYEES. A neighbor told us he saw them messing with the car, nice.
4	I thought I learned my lesson the first time I came to Vegas. But I guess old habits die hard.Once a drunk whore, always a drunk whore.I went to Tao plastered.I took my time in the bathroom and was confronted by a security guard. Mind you, by that time I already had maybe 6 swigs of captain morgan. She questions my sobriety and asks me who the president of the United States is. Whatever my answer, it was not Barack Obama. I was then kicked out.WELL DESERVED.Great, now vegas thinks im a STUPID drunk whore.
2	I remember the first time I was in Vegas- I was all wonder and awe.  I couldn't wait to come back.Then my best friend got married in one of the chapels in downtown- who said Vegas weddings don't last- they just celebrated their 8th year anniversary.It was all down hill from there- gone was my gusto fo play black jack and poker.  The buffet no longer entice with its long lines and failing quality of food to accomodate quantity.No more avid clubbing fire to dance till you drop and only ending up with a hangover the next day.  No more minis for me or that coat of cigarette smoke.Walking through your streets littered with proposals from your legalized entertainment--cards handed over to fathers and children- lacks the class act you tout.Blatant commercialization without human dignity packaged in the sounds of your slot machines, worldy facades and entertainment all lost its lustre for me.    I tried to find the goodness here- and I am left with the people who work here- some not so good, but other who went above and beyond the service required for making my visits worthwhile.  PS - Ok I guess I am not in my 20's anymore, so I think the next time I MIGHT come back is when I'm having a mid life crisis and smoking  completely banned in the casinos.  Manny please take the fight somewhere else for now!
4	You're moving to Vegas? Are you kidding me? It's like 195 degrees there and snakes come up your toilet to get to the air conditioning... These are all things that I heard from the mouths of friends and family in Sac before making my trek here 10 months ago. Well I have seen some cool stuff met some cool people and found out that I do not melt when the temp is over 115 outside. For this I say thank you Las Vegas. Lets move on to my Review/ Letter to Las Vegas: Dear Las Vegas, Coming over the hill I saw your lights in the middle of the night and I was not sure if you would always seem that bright or if the fluorescent luster would wear off,  so far the answer is no.. You are one odd city, you have so much potential but you hide your true lights and Jackpots; The real prizes lay beyond the strip, you truly do have a cultural side to you and tons of great people with good intentions living within you. You have been good to me for the last 10 months in many different ways including 100+ oz margaritas, 52 oz footballs of beer, Art around every corner, great food, and some cool new friends.  I do apologize MR. or Ms. Vegas for my remarks about you smelling like Ass from time to time, i am still a little puzzled as to why, but I will just hope that one day you can take care of that little issue. Some of the first few people I met after meeting you had some advice for me regarding you.. The exact quote was, " Use Las Vegas, Don't Let Las Vegas use you." Now I guess i should just go on and apologize for using you and for the continuous use i will have of you, please let me know if you feel i have taken things overboard at anytime.. As of now i am pretty happy here and I don't see me picking up and going anywhere anytime soon. The other really cool traits I think you really stand out with would be your tolerance for people. you are one of the only places that i know that will allow people to come in from out of town, drink all your beer, eat all your food, do dirty things in your rooms and always welcome them back with open doors. How do you do it? Also Mr. Or Ms. Vegas, can you do me one favor and let card flicking folks on the strip know 2 things from your buddy Raymond... One, Divide and conquer people... And two, if i ever see them try to hand a child a card especially when they are in a stroller and it is only about 4PM, I will proceed in beating the living crap out of the entire truck load of them regardless of the officer pulling me away... Thanks Vegas, Sincerely,Raymond B. P.S.I took away one star because im sure our relationship is not at it's peak yet!!
5	Not for everyone, but it was in the cards for me.As a child I thought Vegas was crazy awesome. I like loud places, bustling peopl, the lights, I loved buffets since I had a small appetite but high "food ADHD" (I was basically "Yelping" to my mom since birth) and I loved Lance Burton. As an adult I still held on that this place was a tourist place and didn't know anyone that came here who didn't work at the casino. I was perplexed why my cousin decides to come here to live. REALLY?! WHY?! .Well a year or two down the line, I needed a drastic change in my life. I got into a talk with my cousin about maybe living here for a bit, at least I thought for a short while to get some grounding. He's one of my best buddies and I missed him so I went- though still very doubtful about the quality of life here. This is "Sin City", a town of lights and bigger the better and everything and anything any time of the day can be had, but this is a city of the "little found things". Beyond these flashing lights is a culture, though small and a handful of people are devotees of the small businesses and off the beaten path activities. In some ways, I can argue that we have more of a underground culture than anywhere else as everything is on a smaller fanfare. Yes, I know I'm from LA where there's a following for everything and a variety of competitors in each niche- that's my point though...lots more people but everything is just lost in a sea. I know I miss some places now that we lack here, but I sure as hell never thought of many places as special as I do here. I love feeling like I discovered a gem among a small handful of other reviewers and friends whereas in LA, I'm number 1200 to review it- thats no gem made for me, that restaurant is the "Burger King" of Thai food. I was part of the drove that likes food, here I feel I am a part of something. Yelp seals that for me- people who I know are feeling "it" like I am and want to share that love of a place with passion. Most importantly; a few weeks into living here- I met Him. No, not Jesus or the music group, though if there is a God this was a godsend. I'm going to have a moment here...I met the love of my life. (cue audience- "awww!").Yeah, nothing changes things for the better specially for a non believer like me. I had a dream of my life since childhood and it NEVER included a husband. I wanted the career and the car full of "United Nations" adopted children a la "Jolie". Husband? Nope. Didn't want the wedding because I didn't want the divorce or children caught in the midst; I didn't believe I was the type of person to end up with more than a "alright" partner and I don't go middle of the road. This is the loveliest of routes; long and relaxed, beautifully bright, full of anticipation for the surprises that are on the journey and come prepped for the road hazards and accept them as the facts of traveling .  I cannot help but gush and cry about old people who are still lovey as I can see that old lady being me one day. They talk about their other half and I actually feel their words echo in my heart. This might sound dumb, but I can't help feel so humble and emotional every time I try to convey what miracle this is for me like they do about theirs 50+ years later. Before, I had no connection to such things and thought they were just "nice stories".Who knew this city girl would live in a *gasp* suburb?! I actually like this and finally can say "I have a home."  I can't remember a time when I ever said that about the many places I lived at- those were just houses/apts (felt it was mostly "jail" from life) and it takes much little nuances to make a home. I am calm enough to be at home, enjoying the slow life. I respect the idea of family, but I never felt to be a part of a strong unit until now. Even I reconnected to my mom and stepdad because of this new change in me. It's mended old,infected wounds buried deep.I learned being part of a big crowd doesn't really make you a "part". Quantity comes out in the unlikeliest of places. I have had very few friends here. I had hundreds of contacts in LA that I "hung out with"....where are they now? Are they calling now that I'm not there for the mad hook ups, giving them the freebies and their drink flowing? Nope, aside from a few real deal friends. Are the Vegas friends I made/making calling? You betcha and I don't have to be flashing anything but a smile and what's flowing is my wordage.All the more beautiful, bustling, crowded cities I've been to could ever give me this gift of being a better, more rounded self and life. This city gave me the right elements to make a life instead of just living through it on the fast lane (which will crash eventually and already had lots of dents).   I know my "review" is long winded, but I am so, so, SO  grateful I made this choice to come and no matter the imperfections of this town, I don't want to be anywhere else but here. Not an exaggeration- this IS my saving grace.
5	"Oh you fancy huh! Oh you fancy huh!"Las Vegas you so crazzzay!!! See you again soon!
5	Jaaaaagggerrrrr Booommmbbbssss!!!!Must Haves in Vegas:- Bottle Service- Alkies- High tolerance- Big appetite- Buffets- Strip view in room- Great company- Magic Mic - Clean Draws- Go to Outfits- a sense of humor- a sense of style- common sense- dollars and cents- dolla dolla bills yallGood to have but not required:- Buff bod- Sunglasses- Speedos- underwear- An Entourage- FlaskDo NOT Bring to Vegas:- life savings- nagging gf- lil homies- illegal substances (at least don't get caught)- B.A.N type attitudesMake sure you go through the checklist and have a great time!!Vegas I had a blast. See you again, that's for sure!!
2	Oh Vegas a city that has gotten the best and worst of me. 2005 was the worst year for me and I owe it all to you Vegas. Not only did you break my heart,but you took all my $ too. Vegas is getting old and i am in search of a new vegas. Tired of the same scene, clubs, and seeing bandage dresses. It just does not end and i can not keep up anymore. Im sorry i do NOT think i will be seeing you sometime soon or in the near future. Maybe twenty years from now
4	For the newbies (some info is also located in the Yellow Pages directory) General Info:www.accessclarkcounty.comwww.lasvegasnevada.govwww.ccsd.net (clark county school district)www.unlv.edu (university of las vegas nevada)www.csn.edu (college of southern nevada)Yearly: www.dmvnv.com (registration & new id)Monthly: www.nvenergy.com (power)www.swgas.com (gas)www.lvvwd.com (las vegas valley water district)www.cox.com (cox communications)Quarterly:www.republicservices.com (trash)www.accessclarkcounty.com/assessor/ (property taxes)www.lasvegasnevada.gov/Pay/sewer_bills.htm (sewer)Media:www.lvrj.com (las vegas review journal- newspaper)www.fox5vegas.com (channel 5 news)www.lasvegasnewsnow.com (channel 8 news)Publications:Las Vegas City LifeLas Vegas WeeklyWhat's OnEntertainment:www.vegas.comwww.tix4tonight.com (discounted show tickets- same day only)www.visitlasvegas.com (basics)www.stayandplayhere.com (residents specials)www.lasvegashalfoff.com (residents specials)Employment:www.detr.state.nv.us/ (umemployment)www.nevadajobconnect.comwww.jobing.comShopping Malls:Fashion Show Mall- The Strip- 3200 S. Las Vegas Blvd. Boulevard Mall- 3528 Maryland Pkwy.Meadows Mall- 4300 Meadows LaneGalleria Mall- 1300 W. Sunset Road (Henderson)Town Square- 6605 S. Las Vegas Blvd.Outlets:LV Premium Outlets- 875 S. Grand Central Pkwy.LV Outlet Center- 7400 S. Las Vegas Blvd.Fashion Outlets- 32100 S. Las Vegas Blvd. (Primm)Hope that this information helps you adjust to becoming a new resident.
5	Dear Las Vegas,Our first encounter was nothing short of fabulous.  I won almost $85 off of a penny slot machine in NY NY.  My girlfriends and I were upgraded to the penthouse suite for absolutely no reason besides the receptionist being nice.  No one in my party lost anything, was arrested, hospitalized, got pregnant or married.  I would say overall this was a very successful trip.  It began with drunken shenanigans on our flight which landed at 9PM Friday night and ended with a terrible hangover and blisters on top of blisters on Monday afternoon.  I'll be back, friend.  It was nice to meet you.
1	Once upon a time, they used to conduct nuclear bomb testing in the desert just north of Las Vegas, until it was banned by international treaty. It's a shame it had to stop. I mean, think of the possibilities! 10 Million douchebags gone in the blink of an eye. (Not to mention finally eliminating those indefatigable Osmonds.) Maybe we can just invite in the North Koreans to resume raining fire upon Las Vegas, since they appear to be so smitten with nuclear testing. Kim Il-Jong can take in a few cabarets, dine at the $19.99 Chinese buffet, and start blowing shit up. Perfect. These are just a few of the fantastic scenarios I have running through my head as I wander drunkenly down The Strip (frozen pina colada in hand) through this city of gaudy, tactless, bogus crap. It's been 15 years since I've been here in Las Vegas. 15 years of deliberate avoidance. I came back (with deep reservations) to run a 1/2 marathon and give it another chance. In those intervening years, Vegas has grown into the mecca of adult entertainment, almost unassailable and untouchable. But in reality, it's still just the festering head of everything that's sick with American culture. It's a paradise for bimbos and cheap thrills. Except it's no longer even cheap.... I have never been nickel-and-dimed so relentlessly anywhere. It's so sad to watch herds of people, mouths agape, in awe over the enormous size and excess of the casinos. Well, they've been built one nickel at a time, ad infinitum, off the backs of tourists that think Vegas is some kind of nirvana. Even the normally-respectable upscale hotel chain where I stayed has succumbed to low-blows...charging a mysterious "$9.50 Service Fee" not included in the quoted room rate for each night stay....like they're fucking Ticketmaster now. (We're just gonna add this to your tab, because we can. What happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas, right?) Apparently, common staff courtesies like "Hello" and "Have a Nice Day" are no longer free, but require a separate Service Fee. Las Vegas is just a massive battleground between tourists and local businesses, both sides constantly trying to take advantage of the other though a series of unwritten rules and tribal knowledge. How much do I need to gamble to get a free drink, etc, etc.? It's exhausting. Vegas is also the official home of shameless self-promotion. It starts at the airport on your way to baggage claim, with a giant, glowing Barry Manilow in a not-so-subtle messianic pose. (Well, I suppose the original Jesus was a magically entertaining Jew, too, so why not nominate Barry as the Second Coming?) There are 20-story high billboards for cross-dressers, no-name comedians, magicians. Especially obnoxious are the advertisements for someone name George Wallace, the "New Mr. Las Vegas", his gigantic potato-head image popping up all over town. Even after a week of staring up at his nostrils on every billboard in every direction, I have no idea who this fucking guy is. And there's the silly, ugly architecture of  the Strip. I saw people taking photos of the cheap-looking statues and water-fountains in front of Caesar's Palace, like they were actual Roman ruins or fine art sculpture or something. I felt dumber by the day. And a very special Fuck You goes out to all the celebrity chefs who have set up shop in Vegas, to exploit the visiting foodies with watered-down, overpriced restaurants. Bobby Flay's Mesa Grill was average at best, and Tom Coliccio "can pack his knives and go" jump off a mesa. $14 for whipped potatoes at Craft Steak? I hope Padma grinds you into a puree with the heel of her shoe, you bald little twerp. It was the most fantastically, shamelessly overpriced meal of my life. On a positive note, you've got those bizarre Mexican guys standing around on the streets passing out fully-illustrated business cards for hookers and escorts. I tried to make conversation with these gents: "Can you personally vouch for her oral skills? Oh, you have your mother's eyes! Do you have a Honus Wagner rookie card?" No luck. My wife scored big-time though, and was given a business card that just had a close-up photo of an unevenly shaved vagina. It seemed to say, "You don't need to know what I look like. I have a vagina. That's all you need to know. Call me, baby." We made several mistaken attempts to elevate Las Vegas into something classy, to have a sophisticated, entertaining evening out. We tried going to good restaurants, a few Cirque du Soliel shows, concerts. However, that approach ultimately resulted in frustration, regret, and annoyance. There are just too many damn people around and too many people trying to rip you off. We decided the best thing to do in Vegas is just treat it like what it is: a town of gamblers, drunks, and whores. Get drunk at 8 AM on cheap beer and play video poker until you're unconscious and broke. In this way, it can be kind of fun, but not fun enough to ever want to return.Bombs away, I say.
5	For my 500th review, I thought it would be nice to review the city I've called home since '93.  We've grown up together.  I've seen it explode in the 90's, get luxurious in the early 2000's and collapse in the latter part of the 1st decade of the Millenium....now it's time to reinvent the city and start over.  Ahh...such is life, Que No?What I LOVE about Las Vegas:- Tourists.....without them, there would be no Vegas.- 24 hour lifestyle- Last Call?  What's that?  Sorry, I don't understand what that means.- I can get a decent meal 24 hours a day.- World Class chefs & restaurants all within a few miles of each other.http://www.yelp.com/biz/stripsteak-las-vegas#hrid:WR1oJohv2eC1zHRm0ErU-Q- World Class shopping all within a few miles.http://www.yelp.com/biz/town-square-las-vegas-las-vegas#hrid:owHe9lMsn9rGS0zDyx4o0Q- Great golf courses.http://www.yelp.com/list/amazing-golf-las-vegas- It's sunny 98.7% of the time.- We're not in California.- No State Income Tax.- We don't have real "traffic" here....ask anyone from So Cal, Chi-town, SF, Seatte, or NYC.- The phrase "Go Big Or Go Home!" is not just a saying here, it's a way of life.- We have awesome nightlife to suit anyone's needs....shows, clubs, lounges, comedy acts, fountains, etc.http://www.yelp.com/biz/le-reve-las-vegas#hrid:4OPMX6UjEdytOdprS23YgQhttp://www.yelp.com/biz/pure-las-vegas#hrid:M5OT50XQ1j7WUSDzPFJQYAhttp://www.yelp.com/biz/fountains-of-bellagio-las-vegas#hrid:5mSBxtxJXkCKC2b1hRys8A- We have a Pinball Hall of Fame.http://www.yelp.com/biz/pinball-hall-of-fame-las-vegas#hrid:dEMh-D4n7u7e8viNQVUq1Q- National Finals Rodeohttp://www.yelp.com/biz/wrangler-national-finals-rodeo-las-vegas#hrid:MXvTpqPAAxQVa0LxlRaVRA- Our Convention Center.....we have some kick-ass conventions here.http://www.yelp.com/biz/las-vegas-convention-center-las-vegas#hrid:2QVUbgFRLh_2P4FQrC5urg- UNLV....I'm glad I went here.  Awesome experience & education.http://www.yelp.com/biz/unlv-stan-fulton-building-las-vegas#hrid:gYBWYV4D3dGvNbXntpIc3wWhat I HATE about Las Vegas:- People who Hate living in Vegas and want to change it to be like the city they came from.  I wouldn't try to make Chicago, LA, NYC, or New Orleans like Vegas....so why would we try to make Vegas like any other city?  It's crazy.One day I may have to leave this wonderful city, but for now it's where I call home.  Even if I leave, I will always come back to visit.
1	As a pedestrian walking the strip you see the immigrants passing out porn every 10 feet while your preparing to climb another set of stairs because the escalators don't work.  One man collapsed on the bridge by Ballys and the paramedic said the city was broke and had no money to fix anything so get used to it.  I don't have to get used to it I just won't come back.
5	For my 300th review, I dedicate it to the fabulous city of Las Vegas.  I like to call it the Chameleon City.  It can take the shape of a very romantic town when you are with your best lady.  Dress up for the casinos.  Dine in elegance.  Take in a show.  Cocktails at a classy bar.  Blackjack at a cozy table.Go with the in-laws and swim, grab a dinner or two and see a concert.Go with the kids and enjoy the M&M store, Excalibur carnival, Red Rock Lanes bowling, lazy river pools, cheap buffets and Hoover Dam.Go with the fellas for steaks, craps, golf and strip clubs.  I do hate the immigrants handing out the sleazy business cards on the strip, though.A great town for any demographic or budget.  Just don't try to mix them up!!
5	I've called this place home since 2003. I have gained so many memories, some good and some bad. In any case Vegas will always hit a warm spot in my soul. This is the place I met my husband. This is where I had my kids. It makes me sad to leave but I know it's what I need to do. The "Strip" has provided me mayn't countless hours of entertainment. The clubs, the fine dining, the shopping, the tourist watching... All things that I don't think I could have experienced like I have here. I mean, I'm originally from NY and you can find all that there. The difference here is that you can find it all concentrated within a couple of miles. This is truly the city that never sleeps. How the "Big Apple" got that term is beyond me but Vegas really does stay open 24 hours. You can find something to entertain you at any time of day or night.  I will miss this about Vegas. I will go to a place where restaurants close at 11pm, where last call at a bar might be at 1pm and where supermarkets aren't open 24 hours.I will come back to visit. I look forward to see the future growth.
5	Gotta love SIN CITY.....everytime i go there, leaving is like a break-up, sad depressed and takes a week or two to get over... Have vegas withdrawls everytime...I LOVE YOU LAS VEGAS!!!!!!!!!
5	Ahhhh Las Vegas.  The city that quite literally never sleeps with it's bright lights, endless entertainment, and adventurous culinary finds.   Each time I go, I find something I missed the time before and create new and fun memories.  If you find yourself bored here, you're either under the age of 21 or there's seriously something wrong with you.Vegas, stay classy.  Until we meet again...
3	I love Las Vegas but of late, I'm completely annoyed by the hudreds of porno-card-flicking illegal immigrants that harass everyone trying to walk on the street.  There are also thousands of these cards littered all over the place - actually making it quite slippery, as I watched 2 different people slip and fall because of them... Message to Vegas:  Clean up this grotesque mess. There's a place for this thing (and I have zero moral issue with it), except when it's forced in my face on every single block on the strip.
4	Clint Holmes used to sing "LV - anything you want it to be...bring us you fantasies".  And we do. It's like being Peck's bad boy in high school, an adult playground, a place to lose you inhibitions and feel young and carefree. Stay up all day and night, have adult beverages for breakfast, lunch and dinner, eat a fried twinkie and jump off a building.  Anything goes here.I'm pretty conservative. The first time we flew to Vegas, my husband wanted to walk through the casino. I was tired, and just wanted to settle in and have room service. The next morning we strolled through the casino, and I threw a few bucks in a one armed bandit. It's pretty insane, you spend $20, win $5 and your elated! Every morning thereafter, I was up bright and early to "get us coffee." He would find me in the casino having gone through my coffee and onto his. Opps. I'm not conservative when in Vegas.I had my first Red Haired Slut at a blackjack table. At first I thought the waitress called me a red haired slut, but she explained it was a shot and the table next to us was having them. It was 6:30 a.m. Oh yeah...bring me a red haired slut! I'll go to AA when I get home.Vegas is phenomenal for shopping. It took my husband awhile to figure out my coming here was an excuse for a shopping spree - so many choices, so little time. Hubby's on to me now - he knows St. John is not a religious organization, and LV is not just a bag with "my" initials on it.The best part of Vegas is people watching. You see it all here - the young and glamorous, the old and down trodden, and everything in between. So, as Clint sings "LV - you can sing, you can dance, you can fly... how soon can you get here?"
3	Sometimes, I like to slip out in the middle of the night and go to this little dive bar full of pizzazz called, "The City of Las Vegas." It's the type of bar where the wounded can go and feel safe.The bar is in a relatively run down area with a terrible climate and in the middle of nowhere. But sometimes, people feel the need to escape their lives and the "middle of nowhere" sounds very appealing. They spruce the place up with bright lights, fake Euro style architecture, and the air conditioning is always set just right. Whenever I visit, I usually take a place at the corner of the joint, slowly sip on my drink, and take in my surroundings.Everyone is welcome here as long as you have some money to spend. If you want to spend it on alcohol, there is plenty of it and they serve it all day and night. If you want blow it by gambling, it's here in various forms so you can play cards, roll dice, bet on sports games, or pass the time on slot machines. And if you want drop it on women, they are all around and some are real, some are fake, and most use the atmosphere full of dipsomania and debauchery as an excuse to let loose, go wild, and do things they want to do (that society frowns on). Remember, when it comes to place like this - whatever happens at this bar, stays at this bar. Well, except for a fertilized embryo. That sort of follows you back home.At a table near me, I watch a group of guys with spiked hair, lined facial hair, and t-shirts that come in metallic prints and feature angel wings on the back. They continually takes shots of tequila, give each other high fives, and hug each other in a homoerotic fashion. I notice that they are confused as to why when they are in a bar full of women; yet, the only ones that will speak to them want drinks, money for a lap dance, or need them to speak to their pimp first. At a table right in front of me, I observe a group of young women surrounding a girl with a veil on. They are excited and I notice one girl  in the crowds that is super loud, boisterous, annoying and starving for attention constantly staring at me. Eventually, I want the uncomfortable stares to go away, so I look her right in the eye, smile, and ask how her night is going (just to be friendly). As the eyes are the windows to the soul, I can see how much she hates herself and tries to make up for it by acting sassy, but trying her best to fit in, and having any guy out there buy her drinks. This type of transaction is her validation and the drink is her elixir of miserable happiness. Each drink makes her think less about her eating disorder and physical insecurities. She is ashamed of her face that features small eyes, a long nose, and thin lips. She looks 25, but is going on 46. Instead of smiling back, she makes fun of my hair and goes off to find another person that will feed her the cure to her misery. She does not have any clue that she is essentially poisoning herself and her mind. Each glass full of medicine is only making her more sick.On the opposite corner, I make slight eye contact with large, muscular guy hovering over some whiskey. He's in a tuxedo and is carrying a bag with a cop outfit. He was once a promising athlete, but he tore his ACL in college. His body betrayed him, he was never the same, lost his scholarship, and never finished school. These days, he drives a limo and strips part time at private parties. Years of steroid use caused him to lose his hair, develop slight "bacne" scars, and made him socially awkward with women. He hates to think of what could have been, so he avoids being alone. Right now, his one and only friend is Jack Daniel.At one end of the bar, I look over at petite cocktail waitress to order another drink and we make eye contact. She is in her late 30s, but you can tell she was once a pretty girl. She moved to Los Angeles to become an actress, but her career never took off. In order to pay bills and support a child, she took a job as a cocktail waitress and used her looks to get by. These days, with her face aging prematurely due to heavy drinking and smoking, the tips become smaller and smaller. She resents the new young cocktail waitress and her fresh skin, pouty lips, and perky breasts. The resentment grows and she drinks to make it through her work shift. And she can't sleep unless she drinks a little at home as well.It's usually busy at this bar. Everyone has a story. But at "The City of Las Vegas," sweat has never tasted this sweet. And also, alcohol has never tasted more soothing, drugs have never been more delightful , gambling has never been more exhilarating, dancing has never been more thrilling, and sex has never been more exciting. Some people come here to temporarily escape their insanity. But most people never truly escape their insanity. It follows you around no matter what part of the bar you go to. In the end, the sheer ugliness of depression has never looked so beautiful.
5	My recommendations on vegas a whole:The hot clubs right now are LAX at Luxor, XS at Encore, Vanity at Hardrock, and Pure and Tao are always good. I personally HATE Jet at the Mirage. Its small and there is no where to sit. oh ya and it turned in to gangsterville. DO NOT go there.As for buffets my personal fave has been the Mirage buffet. The Paris one is also tasty since it has all the french pastries you can eat and also crab legs. They offered bottomless mimosas too on Sundays I think.If you are looking for a tastie lunch spot there is a place called "terrace point cafe" right next the buffet at the Wynn. There are sky lights everywhere so its all open and pretty. The sliders are good and I had the cobb salad too.One of my favorite things to do is play beer pong at O Shea's and go to Earl of Sandwich. If you have not been to the Peppermill YOU MUST GO!! Best BLT ever and the bloody marys are AMAZING. I also love Downtown Freemont. The drinks are 10x cheaper than the strip and you can take the bus for $4.00, but you have to have exact change.Gambling is the same everywhere. Slots of fun is the cheapest other then downtown.
4	Not as good as it used to be.  Economy is slow.  But Vegas is Vegas.Always a fun time.
5	I have been here about more than 7 times and loving it! Its a place to act dumb and let go of your worries. Its my second home too. The rule of "What happens in Vegas, Stays in Vegas" still strongly applies, SO LET THE DRINKING  AND "SIN-ing" COMMENCE! PARTY ALL NIGHT AND DAY (;
3	11 years passed between visits to Las Vegas.  Much had changed but the same vibe was still there.  It's still trashy and deviant with the facade of glitz and glam.
5	My Sweet lovers guide to vegas treats!!Jean Phillipe patisserie is a must. They have two locations, bellagio with the famous chocolate fountain display  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/H8qpFitIesth86zqR4cwYg?select=5CTu6r-oMEnATEqkMQFtYg and the one at Aria  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/P3Jnl4QyXymwdnWpzifrmg?select=zqVvDm_-ikgvhPMZrUK3Lg which is bigger and has an area to sit down and indulge. U can have a variety of cakes, gelato, chocolates, crepes, pastries.. They do not sell individual macarons but u can buy a packaged set. The crepe, mousse cake and creme brulee gelato I had were all excellent!Max Brenner @ Caesars http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/w8RWhhuKxMiFCpvFvIQ3zg?select=VM3v-ly8TaqF6Gi21XOCTg is chocolate lovers dream! The chocolate smell wafting alone is intoxicatingly delicious. They not only have a boutique of chocolate treats, u can eat a fabulous meal here and make sure to get a chocolate chip walnut cookie: the best I ever had! Check out sugar factory at PH http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/pNR0cAPdO4RHulVTFssn-A?select=eFmRocS3vcKGcJNlBTibOQ if u love gummies, lollies etc. but the cupcakes, macarons, gelato looked pretty ordinary.Bouchon bakery at the Venetian  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/aT_SsfZ6GQgJGyuIv1Hapw?select=U4VwyUcdlz4Mlsl3hqb5Ug is a great stop if you've never been to any of the bouchon bakeries. It's a small stand as opposed to a shop. Signature bouchons r always great, their macarons r not my fave but huge and pretty. A new fave for me is their carrot whoopie pie!Vosges at the Forum shoppes is a cool place to check out if u like exotic flavor chocolates. But it can be  pricey.If u like banana cream pie, the one at Emerils at MGM is awesome!I went to Wicked Spoon buffet at the Cosmo http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/K7lWdNUhCbcnEvI0NhGewg?select=v2QzpbqjH_ok7MlKhQsnpw expecting awesome desserts but altho beautiful, I was not too impressed.Didn't get to check out Payard at Caesars but they have macarons there, altho i'm sure they don't beat Paulettes (now called Lettes) in LA.  Dessert at Wynn buffet  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/2weQS-RnoOBhb1KsHKyoSQ?select=IAjMHTukj1EFSbL6WILEgg was disappointingOther highlights of vegas eats for me was Cosmopolitan pizza, L'Atelier de Joel Robuchon@ MGM and Earl of Sandwich @ PH.Shows: Jabbawockeez at Monte Carlo was super fun and very memorable!If ur going from LA, if they r open, make sure to visit My Delight Cupcakery in Ontario on the way home. They have the best cupcakes around!!!http://www.yelp.com/biz/my-delight-cupcakery-ontario#query:my%20delight%20cupcaker*thanks ken c & janice c.for some of the recs!
5	City of Las Vegas - you get to be my Yelp Review #900!Many many years ago, I remember driving to Las Vegas from San Francisco via Southern California.  As we entered this city of lights and desert heat, all I could ever remember thinking was, "I could never live in Las Vegas...it's so far from the ocean!"Fast forward to 2006 and I started to become a regular visitor to this city that was once so foreign to me.  Before I knew it, I'm living here and starting a completely new life here with the boyfriend (the BF).  It's here in this city that the boyfriend became the Big F (the fiance), and eventually, the Husband.  Las Vegas started to grow on me as I discovered more activities and events that kept us busy beyond the Strip life.  (And it doesn't hurt that we have our fave restaurants here - Ichiza, Hot N Juicy Crawfish, Shabu Shabu Paradise, Luv-It Custard, Poke Express, Lawry's, etc.)  Yelp came along last year with an official community manager, which meant even more fun times and more great people to meet!  Las Vegas was getting better and better in my eyes!But it's 2011 that the City of Las Vegas has brought on a new role for me in my life, and that is the role of "mother".On January 16th, I gave birth to my adorable son (the Baby) and on his birth certificate it says he was born in the City of Las Vegas, Clark County.  This city has now brought on a new permanence in my life.  Not only has it become my home, but the home of my family. And so, I can't help but love the City of Las Vegas.  It's brought on a whole new meaning in my life.
2	Traffic was terrible and it was the middle of the week.  There were crowds of intoxicated people everywhere.  It was hard to get around and casinos seemed to be separated from each other by streets lacking safe ways to cross them.  I gues I am just not turned on by large mobs of people.  Also everything was exspensive so that explains the number of people at anything "free".  Except a lot of the freebies were closed.  I doubt I will ever go back.
5	Outside of the strip, Vegas is a thirsty brown desert. When we were flying in, we barely saw any water. Mostly dirty, dirty sand and rocks everywhere. But a beautiful landscape surrounds with the striped landscape of Red Rock Canyon to the west and more mountains and canyons to the east, from where the sun rose one morning as I watched it from our hotel room. As for natural wonders and national sites, the Grand Canyon and Hoover Dam are only a drive away.And I thought Florida was hot, but it was nothing compared to the oven heat which you could never escape from unless you are indoors or in a pool somewhere. The wind is like a blow dryer and the shade was just as hot. I thought night would bring cooler weather, but it felt like daytime -- just without the sun. Yes, Vegas is a barren desert. Except for the Strip. Possibly the only Oasis in Vegas where water is wasted in excess and indulgence in forbidden shenanigans is the law of the land. The Strip itself seems like Disney World for feening adults, with those people passing out souvenir cards in front of the Miracle Mile shops, mobile ads for call girls on trucks, and free magazine stands with used people instead of used cars.Aside from debauchery, there is plenty to see and do. The FREE sights, like Bellagio Fountains, Mirage Volcano, MGM Lions, as well as the Vegas showgirl dancers, Cirque shows, magic shows, and famous performers to see on stage. They even have the aquarium and plenty of spas if you miss being around water. For the adrenaline junkies, they have plenty of activities, from ziplining in the canyons or Fremont, mountain biking in the canyons along double black diamond trails, land sailing, indoor skydiving, and several coasters and thrill rides along the Strip.Nightlife in Vegas is unmatched anywhere else. There is plenty on the Strip and even in one hotel/casino you'll find 2 or more clubs and bars. There are promoters everywhere, so there are opportunities to skip lines or get in FREE. Not to mention all the eye candy EVERYwhere. Also, plenty of restaurants and buffets to stuff yourself silly or overload your stomach with dessert.A great escape from the regular day-to-day grind, but make sure you bring enough money with you. Or at least brush up on your gambling skills. You might be thirsty for more than just water.
4	Your life won't be complete until you spend a weekend in Vegas.
4	Cops have a reputation for being dicks but I didn't experience any problems in January when I last went. Clean, especially downtown, fun and the food is better than San Francisco but not as good as NYC. Parking is near impossible, better to shuttle around some other way.
5	They say you leave your heart in San Francisco. Well, in Las Vegas you leave your dignity. Also, possibly your underpants.I think you all know which one I prefer.
4	They say "what happens in Vegas stays in Vegas"...but really now...this is Yelp and what happens in Vegas is meant to be shared ;) *winks* hehe. With the thought of another saying of "sharing and caring," here are my thoughts about this fabulous city. I've always liked Las Vegas. I remember even when I was a little girl, I liked the family trips here. There was something about the hustle and bustle of people, the bright lights and playing for toys with my dad at the arcade at Circus Circus that just made me smile. Now that I'm older, I still like this bright city. There are so many sights to see and there is plenty of things to do for everyone. There are so many new casinos that are simply amazing sights. I like that these new casinos offer so much more than being gambling venues. The Cosmopolitan is my new favorite on the Strip. I love all the unique things you can see inside the Cosmopolitan. (This will be another Yelp review in itself). Aria is another cool hot spot. Both of these new casinos were built with a cool architecture design and are quite sights to see. It's not all about casinos in Vegas, if you're into outdoor activities, than Red Rock Canyon National Conservation Area is a must visit. Large red rock formations of all shapes. In certain areas one can go hiking, biking, rock climbing, horseback riding and camping. Going here in June/July can be brutal though (It is super hot - although a weird thing did happen on one July day where it was hot one minute and then it started puring rain the next minute- true story!) Close to the Red Rock Canyon, is the Red Rock Country club. Beautiful houses and a golf course. It's one classy place. If one gets tired from all the sightseeing, have no fear of going hungry. Vegas has food spots at every corner. Buffets, steakhouses, candy, gelato and frozen yogurt stores...you name it. The world's only 80s theme yogurt store (I Love Yogurt) is located in Vegas (another Yelp review for this). If you like chocolate than there's the Ethel M Chocolate factory, the Rocky Mountain Chocolate factory and M&M word. Lastly, one of my favorite things to do at Vegas is shopping. There's the Miracle Mile shop, the Fashion Show Mall, the Forum shops, Las Vegas Premium Outlets, Boca Park and many more places to shop. Yay Vegas! Something for everyone! Woohoo! Many Vegas Yelp reviews coming soon :).
4	It's been awhile, but you always do me right.
5	Oh Vegas, there is no other woman in the world like you. Not one.You welcome the masses from every city, country, continent near and far.You attract us with your looks and fulfill our salacious desires and guilty pleasures.You're promiscuous, seductive, intriguing, beautiful and addictive.A pleasure, an adventure, an affair, a sin, a one night stand.You're a drug I can't get rid of, a high I can't resist. We fight, break up and make up. I get lost in your charms and time becomes irrelevant and every night you seduce me all over again.I'm fond of your New Years Eve, women, lights, booze, flashy clubs, your casinos, food, shopping, your shows, music, pool parties and all your endless fun possibilities.I love everything about you.. Everything.Welcome to Vegas where nightlife is unmatched anywhere else. It's called the Entertaiment Capital of the World for a reason. Compare a city to Vegas in this category. It's a no contest! Vegas wins hands down.New York? Nice tryChicago? Give me a breakAtlanta? BoringMiami? Try again!How can anyone not like Vegas? That's crazy. It's the most visited place in America. Just come for a weekend and leave your routinely "normal" life behind and join us in this desert oasis!Sin City could never bored me, ever. There is always something to do. A truly 24/7 fun place.Ah Vegas, I promise you when I die, I'll have my ashes spread out all over your Boulevard..
5	Home away from home!Love Vegas!
4	its vegas baby!!!
2	ONLY reason I give 2 stars is for the fact that my clubbing experiences came from Hollywood. Everything in that city is based on status. I find LA to be more open and different. Great for clubbing, shopping, restaurants and site seeing. Something you can't really get anywhere else are the shows and pool parties.
3	I don't know who sang it first, but Vegas reminds me of that Celine Dion and Pavarotti song: "I Hate You Then I Love You". In 2008, I reached a point in my life where after 6 years of visiting annually - I had to stop.  I know there are lots of people that go maybe every 3 months or so, but I got sick of it and wanted to see other cities.So I took 2 years off and recently came back ~ there were some changes, new hotels and all that...but the only good thing about this recent trip was seeing it through my BF's eyes.  It was his first time there since he was in elementary or middle school, so he had to do all the touristy things and I kind of enjoyed doing it all over again, but I don't gamble a lot and I couldn't shop knowing that the sales tax is like 6 or 7%!!Vegas is fun, but not like when I was younger...now days, I'd rather watch a show, have a fabulous meal, and lounge at a nice bar - not party my ass off like there was no tomorrow!  I think Vegas is the only destination a whole bunch of your friends can all agree on when planning a group vacation...which is fine by me.  Just don't expect me to stay up late every night!!
5	Good Tymes, Good Tymes
5	I really don't think I'll ever get sick of Vegas.I've experienced Vegas in almost every way:The child stage where Circus Circus was the greatest place to go and I knew nothing of the "sinful" side of Vegas.The family vacays.The 18th birthday and getting to see strippers!The awkward stage between 19-21 where I'm like "WTF am I supposed to do on a Saturday night in Vegas?! The arcade is for children"The 21st birthday where I welcomed the "sinful" side of Vegas with open arms.The family vacays.The shopping in the Ceasar's Forum Shops and Fashion Island mall where you ball out.The college spring break weekend.The walk the strip like a tourist and sight see Vegas.The walk the strip drunk VegasThe Halloween weekend where your "slutty" costume from home doesn't even compare to the pros that have been doing this for years.The "I'm going to get F*&^ed Up this weekend!" Vegas weekend.ALL YOU CAN EAT BUFFETS.The Vegas wedding.The bachelorette weekend.The crappy hotel stay.The expensive hotel stay.The solo room experience "Ahhhh silence".The "how many chicks can fit in this room" experience.I guess the next thing would be to have a kid and start the cycle with them all over again haha.
1	we had a nice time in your city UNTIL SUNDAY EVENING.  WHO in their WRONG MIND decided that it was good idea to close the Las Vegas strip for over 6 hours this past Sunday, December 4, 2011?  The rodeo finals were in town, the cowboy christmas, the michael jackson cirque immortal tour was openning, there was a big fight and so on and so on....the city was packed! Your city will be really lucky if nobody missed their shows, dinner reservations and flights out on Sunday afternoon.  It took us 2 hours by tram and monorail to get to the Mandalay Bay.  With a lot of walking too....in HIGH HEELS as I thought we were taking a Cab.  But, alas the cabs never left the driveway.  Persons heading to the airport were told it would take upwards of 3 hours to get to the airport.  I imagine a lot of people were missing flights.  People were walking in the middle of the marathon and blocking the races.  The marathon ended at the back entrance to the Mandalay Bay at the same exact time that the Michael Jackson show let out.  Thankfully chaos did not insue, because we would have been lucky to live though that.  The place was crowded to the point that children who are claustrophic were crying near us.  And, I don't know about the racers.  I imagine they were pretty tired.  Hope nobody collapsed becauser THERE WAS NO WAY IN or OUT.  We were stuck.  It took almost an hour to get out of the Mandalay Bay hotel.  There is no reason for this to have happened.  There are plenty of streets in Las Vegas to hold the Marathon on that would not have caused this much insanity.  Wow...urban planning dept and police and special events should be trained or fired.  This was atrocious.
5	Who can give Las Vegas less than 5 stars????
4	Slightly over rated and expensive!!! But it's still a lot of fun as long as you don't go broke gambling the night away. Good to visit at least once or maybe twice in your lifetime.And I don't know why people want to bring their kids here...sleaziness all over the strip!Don't bring the babieeezzzz!!!!!!!!!!!
3	Oh Vegas, how I love/hate you. After living here for 2 years and leaving I am still confused on our relationship. I will say that I love the low cost of living, the strip, and great food..I will not miss the overall shadiness, the sketchy dirty areas off strip, the cookie cutter housing and the way locals are not given a break on the strip.
5	Oh Vegas...how I love my playground. This is MY happiest place on earth. My first time was at the tender age of 16 and it was love at first sight. The hotels seemed so huge and all the lights were so captivating. The high energy, the fast pace, the constant ringing of the slots...it was a feeling of nostalgia. Who knew then how in love I would still be at 29. This is the longest relationship I've ever had with a city besides Los Angeles, and I plan to stay true until death do us part. I remember turning 21 and telling everyone I was going to move to Vegas for a year...well that never happened and I'm sure my liver thanks me. I've spent as little as less than 24 hours in Vegas to 8 days and I must say that the perfect amount of time for me is 2-4 days. My body starts to shut down after a while.They honeymoon period is definitely over, I don't get the butterflies as I drive in to Vegas and see all the hotels and lights, however, we're more like an old married couple...I appreciate sin city for all that it offers and every new adventure reminds me why I love this city so much. The memories that are created are irreplaceable and  I make sure to take lots of pictures! What happens in Vegas stays...in my camera ;)Now, I know there is something for everyone but I'm not a fan of kids in Vegas, however, if they stick to staying at Circus Circus then I guess that's okay...you won't find me there. I've stayed at a lot of different hotels from the lowest of the low to the highest of the high and I've learned that I don't spend much time in my room as it is so a hotel that meets my needs somewhere in between is fine by me. It all depends on the occasion and the people you travel with. i personally like to stay smack in the middle of the strip...excitement is all around you and there's no choice but to soak it all up and hang on. My favorite things to do in Vegas:1. CLUBS...I've been to MANY and there is no reason to pay to get in or wait in a line...I've paid my dues...it's all VIP all the way now. Currently I like Rain, Moon, Tryst, XS, Bank, Cathouse, and Drais (after hours until 8am),2. BUFFETS...A good champagne brunch to help with the hangover the next morning ;) I love the buffet at the Wynn...expensive but worth it. Rio has a good one as well that's less pricey.3. DRINK: Gotta hit up Fat Tuesday and get a yard and sip on it while you walk the strip. Drinks at a club are expensive...let me repeat...EXPENSIVE but hit up a liquor store and do some pre-gaming before you start your night, your wallet will appreciate it and you can walk the strip and into any hotel with drinks so no need to disguise your "water" bottle.4. GAMBLING...I'm not big on throwing away my money but sometimes I enjoy sitting at the penny slots and enjoying the free cocktails. My favorite machine is the Gold Fish slot...I can play for hours with a $20.5. SHOWS...Pussycat Doll show is entertaining and sexy, V variety show is fun...there's pretty much a show for everyone.6. SHOPPING...I love to shop in Vegas because the tax is lower than where I'm from so usually I hit up Cesars Palace before I leave.7. FREEMONT...It's not on the strip but I enjoy Freemont for cheaper drinks, the light show, and fried twinkies and oreos. The type of people you find here are different than the ones on the strip...I'll just leave it at that. If you're a first timer...you must walk the entire strip, enjoy the great buffets, and hit up the casinos. If you're young...go to the clubs, if that's not your thing then catch some good shows and just enjoy the beauty of this city. Always under construction (new hotels), never sleeps, and so much fun!!!! :D
5	I've been doing a lot of searches on Vegas lately because of the Yelp Spring Break Las Vegas that's coming up in 2 months!!  I CAN NOT WAIT!!!  I'm totally ready!!  I wanna go NNNNOOOWWWWW!!!!!!!!!!!Anyway, that's how I got to thinking, I should review one of my fave places!!I've been going to Vegas since I can remember.  We used to play at the arcades while the parentals would gamble away our college funds.  We would have annual summer treks out to the desert with a huge group of friends and family.  It was good times.  Circus Circus was the place to be!!During the teenage years, Vegas was boring...  Nothing to do except eat or stay in the room.  I didn't go to Vegas for years...Once I turned 21, I've been coming all the time!  At least twice a year.  I remember a time when I was here for 3 weekends out of 4!  That was just craziness.I've been to Vegas for shows, weddings, bachelorette parties, birthday parties, girls weekends, just cuz trips, you name it!  There is so much to do, so much to celebrate!I'm not a huge gambler or clubber, but I always find something entertaining to do.Wanna relax and unwind?  There are spas at almost every hotel!  THEbathhouse (THEhotel) and Qua (Cesar's) are must dos!Wanna people watch?  Anywhere you find a chair works!!  People from all over the globe come to Vegas.  It's awesome!  I especially like walking the Strip on nice days.Wanna eat?  There are soooo many restaurants and food places, one can never eat them all!  I still have a list of my must eats. Wanna eat lots?  Have you heard of Buffet of Buffets?  Yelp it!  I love buffets, so much variety, not enough stomach space!  :(  I like to sometimes go to off-strip places.  There are so many awesome finds!  Wanna shop?  There are stores everywhere!!  Some of my favorite shopping is at the Las Vegas Premium Outlets North off Charleston.  & Coke World Rocks!Wanna see cool canyons?  Red Rock Canyon is only about 20 minutes drive from the strip.  It's gorgeous!Wanna sleep? There is no sleeping in VEGAS!!!!!!!!!!  Okay, if you must...  There are so many hotels at so many price ranges.  But...  go BIG or GO HOME!!  :PWanna see cute boys strut their stuff?  There's lots of that goin' on here too!!  Chippendales or Thunder from Down Under are awesome!!  Or head over to Olympic Gardens ;) for up close action!For girlie stuff:  head to pole dancing classes or spas or Chippendales!!!Wanna dance the night away?  There are lots of clubs, too many to count...  I don't go anymore cuz it makes me feel old :(Wanna soak up the sun?  Most hotels have some pretty awesome pools.  I love the one at Bellagio!  Just gorgeous!Wanna gamble?  Of course you do!!  ITS VEGAS!!!  Most casinos are pretty cool.  I like the non-smoking ones.  Grab a chair & play!  My faves are Pai Gow Poker or Blackjack.  Wizard of Oz slots is cool too!Wanna drink?  So many bars to hang out in!!  Hit up Voodoo Lounge, it has a great view!!!Like free stuff?  Go to Bellagio for the fountains and my fave, the conservatory/gardens.  Tons of free stuff to do!  Oh, Vegas, how I love thee....
5	Angie W's review cracked me up! Circus Circus is indeed the place to be when your a kid in Vegas. If my parents took me to Vegas and we DIDNT stay in CC I would throw a fit.And yes, during the teenage years this place sucks. There is nothing to do except maybe play the slots with some of your parents coins and maybe getting away with it. Vegas is where you go to: Get away from it all. Get away from your office, wife, parents, civilized civilization. In my opinion, this is the most interesting city in the world. I think its an academic psychologist playground! But anyways, I love this place. The pools, food, people, hotels, spas. You can find anything here, literally. I'm not a big gambling or clubbing fan, and although those are the two main things about vegas, the beauty is that there are so many different things to do in this awesome/terrible town.
5	were else can you get booze at any time of day and almost get hit by a drunk driver while crossing the road.  Thats right only here is the City of Sin where anything and everything can happen within a 24 hour period.  Live it up.... Party really Hard...But make sure to make it back to work...
5	The gaming capital of the U.S.A. Las Vegas is just a Fun and awesome place to visit! We had a blast we will def come back! If you dont like gambling there is so much other things to do. im in love with the city but not that Sun and weather......
4	Traveling to Sin City with KidsI just couldn't do it.  I couldn't leave my baby, who is actually a toddler, while I traveled an ocean away from him.  Then I felt guilty leaving my oldest, so of course he had to come along for the trip.  I actually intended to travel to Vegas to be an anniversary slash Yelp celebration. But in the end, it turned out to be a family vacation.  Here a few tips if you plan to travel with your kids to a city known for adults. 1.  MagazinesIf you have a friend or family member that lives in Vegas, ask them if they could gather those Free magazines that they have everywhere.  There are tons of coupons, free shows, buy 1 get 1 free, and it let's you know what's happening during your stay, so you can plan ahead.  I also picked up the same magazine when I got to Vegas, so I can use some of the pages for my scrap book.    2.  Sign up for the Casino CardsI don't gamble much, but I am a bargain hunter. If you sign up, the hotel/casino usually gives you something for free, a booklet of coupons, and coupons to free shows.  If you do gamble this helps you get comps to shows, restaurants, and other shindigs.  Bring a key holder that can link up to your pants, so you remember to insert that bad boy into the machines, that your gamboling your child's college fund away.3.  Sacrifice & CompromiseRemember you are traveling with kids to an adults playground.  They do not allow you to stand close to any slot machine or gambling area.  They allow you to walk through the casino with children, but don't allow you to stand near it.   Some hotels did not let us step foot in it with a child in hand (Mermaids and Bellagio--unless your a registered guest).  Others did not allow strollers into the hotels (Encore and Wynn).  A lot of the (paid) shows do not allow children, so call ahead to make sure what the minimum age requirement is.Since I'm not much of a gambler, I let my husband loose when my children went to bed.  4  Apply. Reapply. and apply again.  SUNSCREEN, 100 SPF, bring a face stick, a travel size, a kid spray, etc.  Just be stocked with it.  I'm from Hawaii, so I should be use to this.  But the dessert heat is in no comparison to the tropical rays and breeze of Hawaii.  Though we were not in the sun for that long.  My youngest left with rosy cheeks and my dad returned with a heat rash.  5.  Internet There were dozens of sites that I read to help plan our vacation with kids.  Here are a few sites that helped me:This list where to eat, paid shows and free shows that are great for kids, and facilities where they have childcare.  http://vegaskids.info/http://www.vegas.com/traveltips/guide/familyvacation.htmlhttp://www.vegas.com/traveltips/guide/family.htmlhttp://govegas.about.com/od/lasvegasvacation/f/familyinvegas.htmFamily friendly hotelshttp://www.frommers.com/destinations/lasvegas/0013026921.htmlYelpers also helped me out and gave me their suggestions on what to do, where to eat, and where I should lay my head on.  Thank You! Thank You!:http://www.yelp.com/topic/las-vegas-traveling-to-sin-city-with-kids#nfdPwCYhEdrUjP23mQ0iCQ6.  Las Vegas Power Pass ----------Awesome ValueYou pay one set price to enjoy all sorts of attractions all over Nevada.  It's a different price depending on the days you want to utilize the card.  You can purchase 1 day, 2 days, 3 days, or 5 days.  I purchased the 3 day pass.  If you really enjoyed the attraction you can see it the next day again.  You have to pick up your pass from the Planet Hollywood Restaurant in Caesars Palace and the pass also gives you $10 credit towards food or merchandise.  One of the catches with the pass is you have to use the pass consecutively.  Once you activate it your 1st  day begins.  Here is the website where you can purchase the pass & more information:  http://www.visiticket.com/LasVegas/attractions_all.aspx7.  Hydrate & Diapers My youngest drank and drank and drank and leaked and leaked and leaked. Changing tables in bathrooms are non-existent on the strip. I only seen one changing table at a hotel and that was at the Paris hotel. For me, it was easier to change my toddler when he was standing up.  So I suggest practicing this at home. 8.  Rent some wheelsYou definetly need a car to enjoy the kiddie activities that this city has to offer.  We did walk a few times from hotel to hotel but risked fainting from heat exhaustion.  Overall, my family enjoyed our trip to sin city. We did venture off the strip and enjoyed other family activities.  I'm sure since we have family in Vegas we will come again with my family.
5	I love Vegas, atmosphere is cool, hotels look awesome at night, great place to go with a group to drink gamble and have fun. Pools everywhere which is nice and tons of great restaurants. I come here 3-4 ti es a year and have fun each time. As I sit here and write this review I am now wanting to go back to Vegas already even though I was already there last month.
4	Vegas baby, Vegas! We meet again. Oh how I love thee you dirty bitch!This pretty much sums it up every time I step off that airplane at McCarran Airport. For a few days or a week you can live like a rock star and party like a porn star. It's an adult playground and fantasy land like none other. You can live out the seven deadly sins while here, and sometimes invent a few new ones!Now don't get me wrong. I'm not some dumb tourist that is blind to what Vegas really is like in it's underbelly. Over the past 20 years I have been there many times for work and play. You go a few blocks off the strip and it's kind of sketchy. Lots of homeless and crime. On the strip it's touristy and annoying to many. Overpriced high end clothes shops and dining. Cheesy. People who live here have a love/hate relationship with Vegas. Personally, I don't give a damn about any of this. The haters can hate. Coming from NYC we have enough of our own problems too. I go to Vegas to escape. I come here to play, and to play hard. Terrific shows that are always in abundance, and with discounted tickets that can be found for most. Excellent dining choices from high end restaurants to low end fast food. Amazing hotels that offer all types of amenities. The gambling options are everywhere on the strip and off in the locals joints. Monster sized casinos. Conventions for everything come here. Nightlife is unequaled with some of the best dance clubs and lounges. Booze is accessible everywhere, and you can drink on the strip! Gorgeous girls at some of the hottest strip clubs around. Rocking concerts. Free sights to see on the strip. Freemont Street light show in old -Vegas. Much to do and see off the strip - Red Rock Canyon, Hoover Dam not too far, Lake Mead, Shelby Car Museum and race track, sky diving, helicopter tours, gun ranges, and so much more.If you enjoy blazing hot sunny weather this is the place for you. Summer season is brutal, but it also has a terrific winter weather season and is a great place to go during that time of year. The pools at some of the casinos are amazing, and beautiful so make sure to pack your swim wear. Oh yeah, the Hard Rock pool party is a human petri-dish.What happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas. It's so appropriate, and words to live by!
4	It took me a while, but my pessimistic heart loves this flat expanse of dust, flickering lights, and strip malls. Las Vegas is the true symbol of trash, gluttony, camp, love, and sin. We do have a soul that exists outside the infamous strip. If Liberace, David Rakoff, Tammy Faye Baker, and Kim Jong il had a foursome and a baby, Las Vegas would be it. Things I Love:- We are a 24-hour city. Nowhere else can you get a 64 oz margarita, a lap dance, see a circus show, get married via drive-thru and eat four star dinner within a two mile radius.- DW Bistro. My favorite restaurant. It's delcious, chic, and beautiful. They serve the unlikely pair of New Mexican and Jamaican food, and do it very well.  - Great shopping. I'm still surprised we snagged Topshop and Topman before LA.- Abundant parking everywhere! I haven't mastered the art of parallel parking and I don't care because it's not needed here.  - Downtown Las Vegas. It's growing reputation as the anti-strip is leading to excellent local bars, lounges, food markets, the Smith Center, and a growing art scene. Hipsters, fedoras, bikes, skinny jeans bothering you? Get over it. - UNLV's History and Sociology Department.- Clark County Library District and UNLV's Lied Library. A literary oasis and refuge for book lovers, students, and nerds in this city. The Windmill Library is gorge, by the way.- Despite a few insufferable summer scorchers, weather most of the year is amazing.- 21+ out-of-town friends LOVE coming to Las Vegas. - Staycations are amazing. Can't afford to travel outside of Vegas? On a budget? Stay at one of the mega resorts in the valley and experience luxury without paying top dollar. - Chinatown. No culture? No local restaurants? Drive down Spring Mountain Road and start salivating. I can say with confidence, we have covered all the Asian countries in terms of cuisine. Korean bbq, ramen, lumpia, sea urchin, pho, dumplings, tea, boba? Check. Well, if you want Indian, there's plenty East of the Strip. Just be careful of all the bad drivers. - The Las Vegas Health District offers free STD, and HIV/AIDS testing. - 90% of the people I meet here are from out of town. Which means you meet a diverse group of people from all over the country. Most people I've met are from the east and midwest. Not surprising. - The rest of Nevada hates us. We are the liberal (not really/kinda/sorta), hipper, "weird" people of this state. We bring flavor, style, and sass to this state. We strike a pose. We hold the power, bring in the money, and the reason people know Nevada.Things I Hate:- The produce isn't the best. Can I just get a good tomato and raspberry please? - Construction everywhere.- We tend to demolish and rebuild things. This leads to lack of historical buildings and appreciation in the city. - We are a desert island. The nearest metros are LA and San Diego.- Las Vegas public education. We are always in the bottom of statiscal list reflecting mathematics, reading comprehension, and science. And we have a high drop-out rate.- Commuting to and from school and work can be tiring.- UNLV lacks community and college town vibe.- No major waterpark for the locals. - Air quality can be shitty because of dust and smog.- The Spaghetti Bowl- No real gay neighborhood like the Castro, WeHo, Boystown, or even Hillcrest. - A two mile drive can feel like a 100 mile drive during the summer. - Lack of good public transportation that can be accessed throughout the entire valley. - The 15 during morning and afternoon rush hour.
3	Vegas is what it is. You know exactly what you're going to get when you go. I just wish there was a way to take care of the sea of people who always like to stop and just do nothing and block entrances, bridges, and stairs. Is it that hard to move to the side to let traffic go by?
4	Las Vegas is indeed a place that is worth experiencing. Is it a place I would want to live? No. Since I first went to Las Vegas in the early 90's I have seen this town which seemed rough around it's glamorous edges turn into a decent sized city. But with the delight of growing also comes growing pains. Personally I think traffic in Las Vegas is God awful. Not only are the roads seem ill maintained and in need of being expanded but the way people drive is nothing short of inconsiderate or even cautious. Perhaps it is resident's of Las Vegas and Nevada that feel like they need to drive this way to deal with incompetent tourist drivers. Whatever the case may be I can leave it. Denver drivers don't drive like this! Eating out I found out can be a gamble too. Some places that charge an arm an a leg only put out sub par casino food. The Strip is especially guilty of this. I did find that if you do wonder off The Strip not too far then you can find some good places. Just avoid the places that will bring in tourists. Of course there are always exceptions to the rule.As Vegas has grown it has brought in many more people for at one time had a booming casino and recreation scene which made the city so big practically overnight! When the economy tanked so did the casinos and now Nevada's unemployment is worse than Michigan's!Of course there are pros to Vegas the amazing concerts, night shows and acts that they rake in. Shopping is no slouch either! Stores that are not seen unless you live on either coast seem common place here and are an exciting treat to us Midwesterners. Those pros in of itself earns Vegas it's four stars out me. The cons are worth it if you don't get into an accident or anything of the sort.Vegas's glitz and glam is infectious but it wears off fast. It is like having Halloween or Christmas decorations up too long. The glitz wears a bit thin and then wears you out. The hotels are themed of places that are somewhere else and eventually become transparent after being bowled over by the showiness at first glance. Of course this is all from my own point of view and some people don't mind it all and want daily doses of glitz for the rest of their lives. More power to them! Not me, it isn't a good fit for me but that doesn't mean I don't enjoy visiting after my injection of glitz and glam  from the previous visit wears off.
5	Review # 500. Wow. When it came time to choose what to review for #500, I felt it was time to give some recognition to the city that has transformed my life, Las Vegas. On a cold, snowy night in the front range of the Colorado Rockies high above Denver things were bleak and we were miserable. And my wife and I decided we had had enough. Christmas morning we opened presents, then packed them into the back of a Penske truck and up and over the mountains we went. After 2 days of driving through a snowpocalypse we topped the hill right around sunset and there she was...Fabulous Las Vegas in all her brightly lit glory. She was...and quite frankly still is a sight to behold, especially at night. My stay here has had some low points. As we didn't know the city that well, we first stayed in a drug infested extended stay hotel on Boulder Highway with a meth dealer on one side, a spice dealer on the other, and Metro knocking on the wrong door at 2 am was not the way one wants to meet the city's finest with badges. We had a guy who runs a local gay bar and was dating my sister in law call Child Protective Services on her entire family including us, all as retaliation against her despite the fact he beat the heck out of her and was trying to divert attention from that. Thanks Russ, we passed our drug tests and came out clean, thank you very much for the free State of Nevada funded lab work you jackass. And we got to work for a local contractor, Robert Half Technology that was the worst company my wife and I ever worked for. When we lost our jobs a week apart we almost lost our ass but we were absolutely thrilled to be free of Robert Half. But while there's been some bad, the good beats it 10,000 to 1. I've met some of the most talented, creative, and downright inspiring people here. Thanks to Yelp and the wonderful Misti Y. who helped me get started Yelping again after a break, I turned Yelp into my exploration tool to discover Vegas. I've learned a lot about Thai food, had my first tapas, and even learned that Ramen is not the .19 cent per cellophane wrapped package stuff, it's a hand made wonderful thing to indulge yourself with and Vegas has a couple of great Ramen places. I enjoyed exploring the Strip and all that it has to offer, found JP's awesome chocolates, and things like Kiehl's which changed my life. And then there's Fremont Street...where almost every time I step foot on it ...as Loverboy sang during a free concert down there I'm "Lovin every minute of it!". And I ended up at Fremont during Pride weekend by accident and it was over the top incredible. Step away from the lights and you have some of the sweetest single track mountain bike trails imaginable, Lake Mead and the spectacular Hoover Dam and that mind blowing bridge are essentially in my back yard. I love the views of Mt. Charleston and Valley of Fire. I've watched the Nascar Sprint Cup race from LVMS, I've been caught in a thunderstorm twice on Lake Mead and while scared like never before we made it through. And I even managed to get into the Global Gaming Expo and play slot machines that the public hasn't even seen yet...and I got to go to CES, which if you love electronics was like the most over the top experience imaginable. Vegas...she's been good to me. I'm glad to be here. And thank you to everyone here on Yelp who has followed me, gave me tips and advice, and helped me to truly make this city my new home. While Kansas City is my hometown, Vegas is a great place to be...and I admit I love being here.
5	Prior to 2011 all I knew of Vegas was from what the rest of the world sees on television and or movies;  The glitz; the glam and thanks to CSI the never ending string of psychopaths.  Being in the Criminal Justice field I never missed an episode and when my friends said hey let's take a trip to Vegas I couldn't say no. After my third straight day with no sleep and my body still not ready to stop as there was still so much I hadn't seen, I decided I was going to be living here within a year.  My friends laughed and said I was crazy, and that I was dreaming.  One even said this city would eat me up and spit me out a withered husk.  It took me two years to get here but I've never once regretted the decision to move to this wonderful city. Well I'm 22 months into my move to Vegas and I'm still going strong (see my Yelp profile and all the cool spots I've been) I signed up for Yelp a month or two into my stay here in Vegas and I've used it to find great shows, great restaurants and show off to my friends and co-workers about how easily I've adapted to this city.  That was a common thing to hear them say when I'd tell them about a cool show and or hot spot I patronized. I've been to events at the top of the social scale and to the depths of hell in Vegas and while both have their moments and are fun for those involved it's funny to me how easy it is to flow into both worlds and be welcomed by open arms by both groups.  I've slowed down a little going into my 2nd year here but I still don't think I've seen but maybe a quarter of what this city has to offer locals and less than that for tourists.  I'm still learning the outdoor trails and parks and who would have ever thought you could watch Hockey in the desert and have so much fun? The 51s are a great team/park and venue and I was a season ticket holder for the first time this year. Can't wait to see the Loco's next. If you can put up with a few months of OMG hot heat this rest of the year is a fairly pleasant outdoor adventure and get this you won't have to shovel snow coming from the Midwest that was the a big deal for me and out of respect and fear of needing it one day I still have an ice scrapper in my trunk and get teased about it mercilessly by everyone who sees it.
3	There are a lot of buildings and lights here. Lots of people too.  Being as I am from L.A. and work in Hollywood, I don't like to do the whole Tourist thing as I see them all the time, and don't want to be or do the same.I know some people get a excited about going to Vegas, but sadly I'm not one.  I'm not into the Whole clubbing scene, I don't go to bars much, I suck at Gambling so already I'm a fish out of water.  The shows there are cool though, even though we never got much time to go to any on this trip and whenever you are Hungry, there is always a Buffet around the corner.  Sorry Vegas, but what happened here not only stayed here.  It also stayed back in a L.A.  Can't say I'm a fan, but as I was here with my girlfriend I did the most out the trip and did leave the weekend having a good time and with pleasant memories with her here.
5	Las Vegas is just like any other city in the continental US and is mostly famous for it's huge and glitzy resorts. I remember as far back staying in the Dunes, Sahara, and Sands before resorts like The Mirage started the building boom. My earliest memory of Vegas was back in 1989 when I was sitting outside the Sands with my mom and watched The Mirage just open it's doors to the public. I miss the old shows like:Siegfried and Roy - The MirageFolies Begere - TropicanaEnter The Night - StardustRadio City Rockettes - Flamingo HiltonMama Mia - Mandalay Bay (Recently Closed)Different eras of Vegas:Classic Vegas = Bugsy featuring Warren BeattyOld Vegas = Clark Griswalds Vegas VacationNew Vegas = The HangoverNow they have shows like Peepshow, Cris Angel (Both just laughable) and Cirque shows that represent a new trend of entertainment and the occasional concert venues. What I also like about Vegas is the weather, the openness of the desert compared to California, friendly locals and NO INCOME TAX! The corruption in the casinos have some incentives towards Las Vegasans! :P
1	Oh, Las Vegas. You're really kind of just a sh*thole where people get fleeced in the middle of some gorgeous desert. Ironically, I've been calling it "Las Vagueness" for as long as I can remember, and even more ironically, even though it wasn't the original intention (it was just a play on the phonetics of "Vegas"), the name is becoming appropriate. The more time goes on, the more vague the place becomes. This wasn't my first foray. I've been to Las Vegas probably fifteen times by now over the course of, well, decades. I was there before even one of those big stinkin' hotels were there.Let me start out by saying, it wasn't my choice to go to Vegas. I was there for a trade show. I haven't been there by choice since 1995, then it was only for two days, watch the freaks, play a little blackjack and then leave. The show I went to is there every two years, so I'm seeing a snapshot over that period. This was the third time I was in Vegas for the show.I stayed at Harrah's, one of the host hotels for the show. It ... sucked.You know, every few years, Vegas goes through a a molting, where new hotels spring up and the old ones do a facelift, but the premise is still the same, and the results are still the same, only now it all just looks tired.What used to be cool about Vegas doesn't exist anymore. It had its own brands, and those brands were quintessentially Vegas. Now it has those brands, only remade, shadows of their former selves to the point where they're unrecognizable as what they originally were, plus a bunch of big nasty theme hotels, and a bunch of outlets from other cities. There's nothing really uniquely "Vegas" that I could discern anymore. Even the fancy hotels like Caesar's are starting to look past their prime, and guess what? It's brand new.Why on earth I'd want to go to Vegas to experience restaurants, the original branch of which is in another city, I'm not sure. They never meet up with what you'd expect from the original, so what's the point? Why I'd ever go to Rao's in Vegas is a mystery. The reason it's hard to get into in NYC is because... it's Rao's. Lightning doesn't strike twice like that. It just becomes contrived. Stone Crab? A pale imitation of the original, from what I understand. They're actually banking on the fact that you never went to the original and won't be able to compare, because they don't stack up. They're hoping you'll buy into the brands, regardless. Listen here, ignoramuses (if you qualify), YOU NEED TO GO TO THE ORIGINAL. The west side of the strip near Caesar's, Bellagio, etc., is almost like going to Disneyland, because you are forced to walk past stores in order to even walk down the street. You can't cross a street without being guided upstairs to some stores, to then have to walk on a bridge across the street you were intending to cross, into another yet another mall with MORE stores, and down the stairs back to the street level. What's worse is there's not one unique store in any of the indoor malls these enormo hotels have thrust in your path. Ferragamo, Victoria's Secret, Kenneth Cole, Cartier, followed by Cartier, Kenneth Cole, Ferragamo, and Victoria's Secret. It's ludicrous, but it must be working for them, otherwise they wouldn't do it.The recession has hit Vegas and Nevada hard, I know, and it shows. But then again, this is the issue with Vegas, it's not constructed for long life, and so everything starts looking kind of shoddy fairly quickly.It still preys on the hopes and dreams and addictions of those who are unable to do anything but succumb, but even worse, any vestige of a soul that Vegas used to have has been supplanted by mindless control-freak commercialism, and you get fleeced at every turn. No, there is no soul left there at all. I can't figure out what is appealing enough about this city that would make anyone want to live there, but then again, I could say that about most of the country, so there you have it. It's possible that by being a victim of the show and the strip, I missed something, but until someone shows me different, I just don't get it.
4	What do you think of when someone mentions Las Vegas? Sin City? Rack Rack City? Gambling? Legalized prostitution? Gambling? Nightlife? Buffets? Cirque Du Soliel shows? Well all of the above and more are there, but there's another side of Las Vegas I want to write about. That is shopping. Lots of shopping malls here (Fashion Show Mall) and retail stores within the hotels (Cesar Palace Forum Shops, and Planet Hollywood Miracle Mile, etc) on The Strip. I am always able to find great deals on shirts, jeans, jackets, etc to upgrade my wardrobe. Not sure if the deals are all year round, but it's definitely there when I'm here during the Thanksgiving weekend. It's so nice to see the cash register ring up half the total of retail prices on items I buy.
2	One of the worst cities my career has brought me to. The schools are trash, the drivers are trash (LA driving isn't even thid bad.) Everything is expensive, everything looks identical, houses,people, etc. Looking forward to my leaving, I'll never return. If I want to gamble, I'll go to next door Lake Charles, LA.
5	What can I say about Sin City that hasn't been said?  Entertainment mecca? Done. What happens in....  Well we all know that by now.What I can say is that I was fortunate enough to live there for 6 years, and while it took a long minute to truly appreciate all the extremes that exist in this city.  I loved it.Reared in NYC, it's a hard pill for me to swallow when I go somewhere and things aren't open late or 24 hours.  Not the case in Vegas.  I'd have to say it's even more of a 24 hour town than the ole Big Apple.World class shows, Broadway productions on steroids, a growing and accessible rock music scene and an art-filled First Friday?  Accessible entertainment prices.  Low cost housing  (well at least for someone from NYC).  Red Rock Canyon and Valley of Fire.  All amazing.Now for the not so good stuff.  Medical care is just not up to par with other cities I've lived in.  Follow up is pretty bad, with the exception of one dentist, who I wish I was able to bring back to the East Coast with me.  Neighborhoods just aren't community driven like you see in the East Coast.  People basically go from their garage to their jobs and back into their garages.Food?  Just not enough variety, nor easily reached.  The I-15.  Ugh, this main artery for Las Vegans to get around the city.  Yikes!  One accident and a 20 mile trip can take 2 hours or more if you can't get off.  Which brings me to auto insurance and drivers.  Insurance is sky high.  Our car insurance doubled in Vegas and our motorcycle quadrupled.  It didn't matter that we lived behind a 20 foot wall, with 30 foot gates, 24 hour guards and concierge, with valet parking and underground garage.Would I do it again?  In a NY minute.
4	I've only been 3 times, but there's just something about Vegas. Something that just makes me keep going back. I guess it's because there is so much to do! And the people in Vegas are all there to party and have a good time, so everyone is in a good mood! You can't really find anyone that's mad at being there! I can't believe it gets cold there in the winter though... I was thinking since it's the desert, it'd be warm, but boy was I wrong!
4	This I love about Vegas:1) Awesome dining2) 24/7 entertainment3) The over the top glitz on the strip!4) There is stuff outside of the Strip that is pretty cool, like the Neon Museum, land sailing, gun ranges and even Fremont Street (after dark).Things I hate about Vegas:1) You can't catch a cab on the street.  WHAT WHAT???2) Everywhere on/near the strip is nearly impossible to drive to because of traffic3) Outside of the attractions I mentioned above, the city is actually more like a tiny suburb and a smidge depressing.But still, love Vegas, and while I wouldn't ever live here, I'm definitely buying a vacation home here.
5	Reviews on citys excite me.How can you really judge and review a whole city?I will try, LV  needs no explaining as to how it is.We have all had a great  time there, you can't go and nothing happens.It will always be fun, crazy, memorable, weather you are 8 or 80 years old you will have fun seeing all they offer which is always something!Everything in Vegas changes all the time.You will see new casinos, different shows, hotels and restaurants changing, remodel and so on.You can get good deals, shopping is great and everything is easy to walk to.Great weather pretty much all year round, I'm glad I live close now, just in case I get the itch, love it here!
5	200th Review of 2013!!!  Might as well make it the city I live in. There are so many quotes, sayings, and cliches about Las Vegas.  You have "Sin City", "Lost Wages", "the Silver State", and my favorite "What Happens In Vegas, Stays In Vegas" to name a few.  But for me, it's now "Home Sweet Home".  Been visiting the city of Las Vegas at least 5 times a year since 1998.  It wasn't until 2011 that I can now consider Vegas my home.  Prior to moving here, my purpose out here was to visit friends and lose a ton of money.  I also can't forget visiting the zoo every once in awhile where you'd spot the occasional crazy horse, cheetah, and even a spearmint rhino.  Now my purpose is work, friends, family, and to make money.  And because of the lower cost of living compared to my hometown San Diego, that money sure lasts a lot longer out here.  Las Vegas is known for gambling and entertainment. Been coming out here for years to party.  Now I'm partying only when friends and family come from out of town. I love this city and learned that there's a lot more to offer than just casinos, hotels, shopping, and entertainment.  In the short time I lived here, I discovered that Las Vegas is one of the most convenient cities around.  Distance from South to North is only about 20 miles.  Within these 20 miles, you have everything that the heart desires.  One of the biggest perks for living in this city is the local discounts, cheap strong pours, no income tax, minimal traffic, great hikes, and a ton of restaurants.  Don't get me wrong, still love and miss San Diego. But in the meantime, Las Vegas is my "Home Sweet Home".Useful Sites Las Vegas Sites:-Yelp:  niner13.yelp.com-i4Vegas:  http://www.i4vegas.com/-Vegas.com:  http://www.i4vegas.com/
5	This is Vegas, this ain't no kentucky. If you don't like how things run here, go back to your stupid city!!!
5	I LOVE YOU, LVVegas is definitely one of my happy places. Good food, good drinks, good eye candy. It's a place for the adults. A giant playground of awesome. Personally, I'm more of a Fremont Vegas than Strip Vegas person. I love the old downtown Experience. But many fun night have been had walked the main street as well. My cousins have lived in Vegas for many years. Perhaps they are more responsible than I, because I'm sure living there is not a good idea for me. Although, I think work would be easy to find. Go-go dancing is probably out of the question, but I could open up one of those touristy gun places, where you can shoot automatic weapons in the desert. And husband could give the helicopter ride out there. Perhaps we'd do just fine in Vegas.But for now, it's just a great vacation spot. I wish I were poolside at the Flamingo right now!Viva!
5	I first visited Las Vegas in 1972 and I came back for vacation almost every year until I moved here in 2001.  I love this crazy, wonderful, bright light city and its history.There are so many things to do within a short drive of Las Vegas.  We have several National Recreation areas, two National Conservation areas, theatre, entertainment venues at Strip hotels, and all the other activities that go with a city of nearly 2,000,000 people.  How many places can you snow ski in the morning and water ski that same day?Many thanks to the deceased first lady of Las Vegas, Helen Stewart.  If she hadn't kept her family together and stayed here after her husband's murder at the Kiel Ranch, the railroad probably would have passed us by and the city wouldn't exist as it does today.  Instead, she sold the Las Vegas Ranch to the railroad and that started us out.  From there, laws--mainly gambling-- and then the building of Hoover Dam helped bring this city toward the future it has.And it's still growing.  Bright light city--you have set my soul on fire!
5	dig deep players..     u know what i mean!!
5	Eat, Drink, Party, Sleep. Repeat.
4	Vegas is a unique city and experience.  Most never see anything beyond the Strip and I too don't know what it's like living in this city.  I have driven around some, tried some restaurants away from the Strip, and have some friends that live here.  Overall, it's just a fun place, you just have to bear the heat though.
4	Review #200 belongs to Sin City...Las Vegas was my home for 3 years, and although I missed the beaches, the farmers markets, and my family & friends back in SoCal, we made the best of it, we made it our home.  Before moving to Las Vegas, my husband and I were regular tourists to the Strip.  We have stayed at almost every hotel, seen almost every Cirque show, and have tried many of the Celebrity Chef's restaurants.  But, that is all we knew until we were "locals" and forced to explore the other things that the city had to offer.  For once you are a local, and accustom to no traffic, you avoid the Strip at all costs.  We learned that Las Vegas is more than bright lights, slot machines, outlet shopping, and unlimited alcohol.  With 2 young kids, we had slim pickings for kid friendly activities, but we did find them, and we made the best of it.  The new Discovery Children's Museum was one of our favorites, along with the many parks in Summerlin (although, the parks are just too hot in the summer).  We took advantage of the events and story time activities at the public library.  Some of my favorite parts of the city include: The new Smith Center, a great venue for theater and culture.  The Downtown Art scene is growing along with the great bars and restaurants.  The beautiful Red Rock Canyon offers great hiking and biking.  And of course I will miss the lower cost of living, the lack of traffic, and no state income tax.  But, since we still own a home in Las Vegas and made many new friends, we will definitely be back!So on your next visit to Las Vegas, step outside of the Strip, and know that the city has so much more to offer!*Yelp 100 Challenge: Review 60/100*
5	Las Vegas is pretty cool. It can get pretty hot during the summer time but it is definitely a place to enjoy and have some fun at
4	AH, Sin City!  What happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas...  unless you use Yelp!  Then you gotta write a review!  It had been a while since my last visit to this fun town.  Almost too long.  We had reason as my daughter's dance team was scheduled to compete here over the July 4th weekend.  Yes, it was hot.  It was even over 100 and climbing as we drove through the desert at sunset to get there.Well, this visit did not disappoint.  Aside from the dance competition, there were some new attractions and hotels that had sprung up since my last visit as well as the need to visit some oldies but goodies.  The Aria and Cosmopolitan hotels were new near the center of the strip.  Not necessarily new this year, but new since the last time I visited.  I'm pretty sure they were in the process of being built, but can't say for sure. Anyway, those are two newer hotels that are conjoined by a nice high end mall.  The lights along the strip are stunning.  Huge billboards that are super clear and crisp line most every hotel.  I wish I had something like that in my living room to watch ball games on!  Must say, the girls on the strip seem to a bit more visible and aggressive than what I remember in trips past.  All in all, good times in Vegas this time around!Keep on Yelp'n!
5	As a sole female traveler that has been to different cities in North America, Europe, Asia and Africa - I appreciate Las Vegas from a tourist's point-of-view.  When I pick a travel destination, I think about several factors: cost, safety, transportation/being able to get from point A to point B, food and basic human needs while away from home, attractions, activities and photo op.Cost:You can always find deals for your Vegas trip online. You can find nice a hotel room for an average of $170-250/night.  Flights to/from Vegas are cheap if you book at least 3 months in advance. Sales tax is 8.1%.Safety:I've walked alone in the French Quarter in New Orleans at 4am where I saw bums, shit-faced drunk people and bystanders that were EXTRA FRIENDLY.  A guy tried to mug me in Barcelona at 8am which forced me to headbutt him with my hard noggin.  In Vegas, you walk alone and you will never feel unsafe because the city is always filled with tourists and not a high incidence of people getting mugged/pick pocketed, etc. But now, if you go downtown, there are bums and drunks that will try to talk to you but for the most part - they're harmless...nothing a kick in the nuts couldn't fix if need be.Transportation and Getting from Point A to Point B:I find such joy in riding the metro and trains in Europe and some parts of Asia - it's fun not to drive or sit in traffic. Well, Vegas doesn't have metro/trains - I'd imagine it would be like a sauna in the summer if Vegas had them. However, you can find taxi cabs pretty much everywhere. You can get a single ride ticket, one-day pass up to a week pass for the monorail. There are buses that are quite on-time. Or you can rent a car and drive and not worry about traffic on the 95, 15 or 215 - it can get busy especially from Thursday-Monday because of all the tourists coming in to the city but it's nothing major. This is not L.A. Be careful on the 15 between Charleston and Sahara though - high accident rate area. Then of course, you can walk on the Strip. Hop from one hotel/casino to another.  It's easy since they're right next to each other and it's good exercise.Food:My favorite topic! Before I visit a city, I always research the best places to eat at and what to get. Zagat, Michelin, TripAdvisor and of course, Yelp are my sources. Vegas has so many good restaurants that fit any budget. We have a lot of celebrity chefs such as Michael Mina, Emeril Lagasse, Mario Battali, Joel Robuchon, Wolfgang Puck and many others. We have great buffets and AYCE sushi. Local restaurants and hole in the wall places.Basic Human Needs:There are pharmacies and gas stations about a block away from each other. Each hotel has a gift shop if you need something. Restrooms are clean, free and are in each hotel/casino, store and restaurant. We have running water, soap, toilet paper, paper towels/hand dryers and toilet seat covers. Vegas restrooms are awesome if you've been to any parts of the world. Squatting toilets in Asia...oh boy! I always bring my own supplies when I'm elsewhere.Attractions, Activities and Photo Op:Where else could you go where you could be in Paris, Venice, Monte Carlo and New York in one day? The hotels/casinos look amazing and perfect for taking pictures. The famous Welcome to Las Vegas sign, Fountains of Bellagio, Bellagio Botanical Garden, Mandalay Beach, MGM lion, New York New York rollercoaster, Eiffel Tower, gondolas at the Venetian, statues in Caesar's Palace...too many photo ops! So keep your batteries charged and memory sticks ready. You can watch shows such as Blue Man Group, Cirque du Soleil (Ka, Beatles Love, Zumanity, O, Michael Jackson, etc.), La Reve, Absinthe, etc. Zip line, helicopter tour of the Strip or to the Grand Canyon while flying over the Hoover Dam, Smith Center if you want to watch musicals, spend a relaxing day in Lake Las Vegas, ski/snowboard in Mt. Charleston in the winter. Nightclubs, dayclubs, pools, lounges and strip clubs. Go shopping at Fashion Show Mall, Forum Shops, Premium Outlets, etc. Gamble. There's always something to do for everyone.Whatever happens in Vegas goes on Facebook...Instagram...Twitter. Welcome to Vegas!
5	The best chefs in the world have their restaurants here, so does the best artists also come perform in Vegas. If that's not enough, most casinos have great accommodations, with fantastic pools. Yes, and you can smoke, drink, eat foie-gras, shoot exotic guns, skydive, get a massage, do a little gambling, and dance the night away! Las Vegas is the playground for adults. If you fancy haute cuisine, put in some effort and dress the part, and you will get the best table. Vegas favors the best dressed people in town!
4	Viva Lost Wages. This city has it all. Literally; the rich, the poor, the klassy, the trashy, the slutty, the prude, hell they have everything... even Yule Brenner a time or two...One night in Bangkok doesn't hold a candle to one night in Vegas. The gambling, the strip bars, the alcohol, hell if you got the cash you can likely find it in Vegas. One night in Bangkok should be rewritten for this place:One night in Vegas and the world's your oysterThe bars are temples but the pearls ain't freeYou'll find a god in every golden cloisterAnd if you're lucky then the god's a sheI can feel an angel sliding up to meOrOne night in Vegas makes a hard man humbleNot much between despair and ecstasyOne night in Vegas and the tough guys tumbleCan't be too careful with your companyI can feel the devil walking next to meTell me that isn't an apt description of Sin City? If you want to find it here, you will... Personally I love this town at times and hate it at others. When you are here during the weekend, its non-stop uncontrolled craziness, during the week, the population is halved from the weekends and slowed way down to just crazy. Its close to a lot of fun activities other than just gambling gluttony and shows of visible excitement. For example there is; Hoover Dam, Lake Mead, Red Rock Canyon, the Grand Canyon, etc etc etc. Don't forget that most of the casinos are in and of themselves tourist destinations to see as well as eat shop and gamble like; Statosphere tower, Luxor Pyramid, NY NY Roller Coaster, Circus Circus Midway, etc.Let alone the food here now is unbelievably good now. Yes you can still find the cut rate cheap buffet here or there, but most of the hotels and restaurants in town are definitely cutting edge fresh and super tasty. Albeit some want to break the bank, but many are well within reason.Dang I wish I could go back right now... I miss this place and all the good and bad things that come from it. See you there soon!
5	Vegas is the city of the 7 deadly sins.. mostly lust and greed.  You can eat, shop, gamble, party, do things not PG-13, relax. There's tons of things to do for everyone. Where else can you go and feel like you are in Venice, Rio and Egypt? Everything is Vegas is done up bigger and brighter. What happens in Vegas stays in Vegas  unless you post it on social media then that's on you.
5	I have been to Vegas over a dozen times now, starting in 2003, and I can say it has gotten better and better over the years.  If I was writing this review ten years ago, I'd probably give it 3 stars. But with the recent additions of The Cosmopolitan, Aria, Wynn, and the revamping of many old hotels, there are so many great options for food, fun, gambling, entertainment, and pools.  Even after eight years of avoiding Downtown Vegas, it too has gotten better over time.  It is definitely still cheaper and tackier than The Strip, but this is Vegas, so it all works.  Downtown has some remodeled hotels as well, so you can actually find some nice rooms there for a fraction of the Strip prices.  Give it a try. My Top 3 Hotels:1) The Cosmopolitan2) The Wynn3) The BellagioThe Cosmopolitan is home to my favorite bars and restaurant.  For me, it doesn't get any better than Bond and The Chandelier bars or more delicious than Scarpetta.  Also, I'm not a guy who goes to clubs, but the Marquee Day Club is a great time.  These are all must dos when in Vegas.Here's my overall list for Vegas:http://www.yelp.com/list/vegas-las-vegas-114
5	City of Las Vegas   the sin city  has   something for everybody  and i mean everybody. if you want sightseeing    it offers trips to the grand canyon , the hoover dam  if you want fine dining it has that in abundance . . gambling ..of course.  and slot machine everywhere they  are at the airport and ive seen them in the rest rooms ( joking) if your taste is  broadway type shows there are many   usually at less than broadway  prices alcohol available   24/7 no blue laws here  .shopping plenty  of mails full of all the top designers from the world of fashion       night life  Las Vegas is renowned  for its late night clubs  situated in the best and most exclusive  casino/hotels  something for kids yes . circus circus and .many other attractions to keep  them occupied    adult  entertainment if thats what  rocks your boat . a trip to the bunny ranch  is a 2 hours drive away .sports you can swim, play golf,  rock climb , ski  etc  or just watch live games in the    sports bars of  the  hotels .Yes and for those  who lead a more sheltered life there are churches of all denominations .every  type of social pleasure is catered for  here .   Ive  been visiting Las Vegas  for 20 odd  years  now and it only  gets better.  I remember  some of the  old casinos like the *Dunes *  stardust *that have  been replaced    by larger magnificent architectural masterpieces  that offer everything  from gambling  to fine dining and everything   in between.  these resorts cover  what in any other city would be a whole block . yes the newer  ones  are a little more expensive room wise but specials can be had almost anytime of the  year just research the net for what  you need .the older casinos have the best deals but you only get what you pay for . had a  timeshare for years which was  used to stay  at * polo towers *  but with the increasing cost each year of the exchange clubs and the maintenance it was  found to be  cheaper to ditch  the *time share* and go with the ever present specials  .the price of everything has of course increased as much to do with the popularity of the town as the economy. in most hotels restaurants   a price of a beer is  around $7 and there  is not so many freebees to get you to gamble / eat /stay at a certain casino .  the magic    of the city is still there   its vibrant ,the lights along  the strip .its  people friendly  and safe, you can walk along the strip with your camera slung over your shoulder with not much of a chance of it getting snatched ..no need  to rent a car not easy and expensive to park  there is a bus service goes up and down the street every 10 mins or  so and some of the   hotels have a overhead  train service called monorail  free   connecting them, there are  plenty of taxis  to be hailed at a reasonable  cost . anyway walking along  the strip is fun, full of  hustlers selling time  share presentations ,  or handing out flyers  depicting nude girls and the clubs they  can be found in . then there are the street musicians   ,artists and of course ELVIS *  lots of them*  with the water ballet at the bellagio , the volcano  at the mirage, and the pirate show at treasure  island  you can have a whole days entertainment   without spending a dime  .   im in love with Vegas, yes its a bit decadent thats what makes it great,  my favourite vacation spot and i go there as often  as  i can .what  happens in Vegas   stays in Vegas ! ..well you judge that  for yourself
1	We've been coming to Las Vegas about every 2 years for the last 15 years, and we've always enjoyed ourselves but boy has it changed over the years. We just got back from what will probably be our last trip. Although we're not gamblers we've always had a good time in Vegas, the shows, pools, eats, museums, people watching. There's just a ton of stuff to do. One of our favorite things to do in Vegas is walk, walking from one casino to the next, maybe sit and have a drink before moving to the next one. Each casino is unique and there's always something to see or shopping or just people watch. The issue is the aggressive show and tour sellers on the sidewalks and the homeless beggars on the bridges. When I say no I'm not interested in what you're selling I mean no. Don't chase after me and keep trying, the Irish Bitch will come out and then watch out I can't control what she'll say. Then my husband and I argue because I've been rude, when if they'd just take my first "no thank you" there wouldn't be a problem. I was on my cell phone, having just received bad news, crying and one of them was chasing after me trying to "give" me free show tickets. Believe me nothing they're "giving" away is really free. The numerous beggars who sit on the bridges and make rude/crude comments as you walk by and don't give them hand-outs aren't any more pleasant. It's bad enough having to dodge the timeshare sellers in the hotels, the "street sellers" just make the experience that much worse. As long as Vegas allows these practices to continue unabated we will find somewhere else to vacation. I work too hard at a job I hate to spend money for this.
4	To all tourists, Vegas residents to do not live in casinos nor do we eat buffets everyday. There is a legitimate city outside of the strip and we do everything you do in your home city. We work, go to school, grocery shop, go to the movies and stay far away from the Strip as much as possible. I moved here almost 8 years ago and hated it for a long time since I was away from my family. The longer I live here, the more I appreciate it everyday. I'll make this review simple for anyone that is considering moving here. Pros-Nothing ever closes!!! Ever!!! You'll always find what you're looking for at 2 am, whether it's a burger, a coffee or tampons at Walmart. -There's such a wide variety of restaurants to choose from. You'll never run out of places to eat.-Cost of living is ridiculously affordable. For my one bedroom apartment in a gated community with a washer and dryer in a nicer part of town is only $750. My friends is Cali pay more than $1200 for way less.Cons-No sense of community. This is such a commuter city and everyone works different hours. No one knows their neighbors.-Houses are built way too close to one another. You can pretty much high five your neighbor from your bedroom window. -The freeways here are in one big circle. So if you are trying to get from Henderson to North Summerlin, you could side street it or take the freeway and go around. Either way it'll be a good 35 minute drive. -Education is horrible!!! Nevada is last with public school test scores. Education isn't a priority when you can make over $100k being a bartender. I could go on and on about pros and cons but this review would never end. I'm happy where I am now, but I wouldn't want Las Vegas to be my permanent residence.
5	City of Las Vegas Sewer Service.  I would like to say a huge THANK YOU for the almost instant response the sewer service crew gave when I called about a possible stoppage.  Within 15 minutes of my FIRST call the team was outside my house running the main sewer line for a blockage. WELL DONE and THANK YOU.
5	You know, you've burned many, many bridges for me. But like a dummy head, I always come crawling back for you. You've taken my money, made me wait for hours on end, hurt me both physically and emotionally, but my love for you has stayed unconditional. There's never a dull moment with you, there's always something new to explore. And what happens in Vegas doesn't always stay in Vegas. Such is love when it comes to the city of sin. My happiest place on Earth.. Till we meet again.
4	It was a lot of fun, but constantly being harassed by the people trying to get you to go to the time share presentations gets very annoying after a while, but I understand that people have to make a living so I guess it's bearable  :-/ The strip was definitely more fun than the actual Las Vegas part of Vegas haha (I guess Fremont St downtown is old Vegas). It's pretty easy getting free show tickets to keep yourself busy while here so I wouldn't worry too much about securing those before coming. It's very much a city you can come to spontaneously  :-)
5	Vegas its fun. Place where you.can let go and be yourself. I love all the hotels. I have watched it grow over the years. Its gotten.very classy. I still.luv the guys passing out the cards of the naked girls on the strip haaa.  Planet.Hollywood mall luv luv. Great clubs, shops and fun. I luv you Vegas.!
5	5 stars just aint enough.. where Champions become National Champions!
5	as a Portland metroer I fucking love this place!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!11
5	We recently just relocated to Las Vegas from California and so far, we are loving it! Everyone is super friendly and helpful and everything is very close by. We also love that many businesses are open late, or even 24 hours; it's convenient being able to run errands after work. The desert sky at sunset is bright with orange, pink, and purple and I appreciate the mountainscapes all around us. Breathtakingly beautiful! Also, we love the frequent community events such as the First Friday's and the Las Vegas Foodie Fest. Most events are geared towards art, culture, community and food and I can't be happier! We are excited to explore and learn more about the area. Las Vegas is a great city to live!
1	Las Vegas is like spring break. Except all of the people are adults and more pathetic. I was hungover, walking on the strip in 2005 when a hooker asked what I was getting into. I told her I was feeling sick and stay away. She didn't listen. I puked and it almost landed on her shoes. That is the perfect metaphor for Las Vegas. A prostitute ducking vomit.
5	For my first time ... I had a lot of fun in you Vegas! Until we meet again :)
4	We came for the 4th of July to show the kids the fireworks and the lights of Vegas....the town and the people of Vegas were great, I just did'nt care to much for the  drunk idots pushing people on the Las Vegas Blvd over pass bridge to The Bellagio. It was good and cool to see "but" next year, we're going to keep it simple and head to Laughlin!
4	M I N U S : one star because I got a nosebleed and there's no such thing as a 'no smoking section'. I | L O V E ... : the characters, the history, imagining all this desert has seen, the indigenous tribal energies, the sparkling lights, the glitter, the neon, the feathers, the memories, the weirdness, the tourists, the resorts, the attentive people everywhere you go, the energetic, constant, 24/7 vibe, that says, ''if you're not tired, we're not, either.'' And most of all, I adore that Las Vegas has a mobile mail truck in the middle of the desert. A real USPS truck with a canopy that scoops up your missives and closes up shop to drive away, like real country people. I've got this thing about country people. L A S  |  V E G A S ... is :  Cowboy hats and short skirts, chain-smoking, cursing grandmothers, beer bellies, Marlboro's and Virginia Slims, blaring television advertisements, glittering billboards, slot machines dinging, and hooting and hollering, frat boys barking like a dog, and a man who was drunk since 3am yesterday. He lost his room key and can't remember the number. Families, every nationality, bottle blondes, fake cowgirls, and East Asian girls in barely-there-skirts, fake eyelashes, and sky scraper heels. Thumping house / techno music and songs that were once not techno have now been turned into techno, or bluesy standards sung in karaoke form, and Michael Jackson and The Beatles recreated with Cirque du Soleil, showgirls, feathers, and these plastic neon tubes of alcoholic drinks that you can sip and/or guzzle all over the property. Cigarettes, cigars and general smoking permitted everywhere, especially near the slot machines. Wash your hands. At the beginning, I couldn't find a vegetable for the life of me. Everything here is big, greasy, and decadent. O F F | T H E | S T R I P : For other Nevada adventures, head to the Mojave, National Crime and Law Enforcement Museum (a.k.a. The Mob Museum), the Natural History Museum or the Atomic Testing Museum. You can also join an all-day tour of Area 51. Explore the Fremont Street Experience. Take the Deuce for easy transport. Or survey the cactus and visit the Shoshone tribal peoples monuments.T H E | E Y E | I N | T H E | S K Y : You are always being surveilled. Police are not visibly present but if something should occur they suddenly appear to remove the questionable character(s) or quell the disturbance. Cameras are placed surreptitiously all throughout the properties. This goes for the entirety of the Las Vegas 'Strip'. F O R | T H O S E | W H O | K N O W : Don't forget to 'toke' your dealer. F O R | T H O S E | W H O | D O N ' T | K N O W : This has nothing to do with drugs.G A M B L I N G : The House always wins. Well, except for me on a couple of occasions. All in the spirit of my pistol-packing granny. Attached to the casino ATMs, there are brochures that say ''When The Fun Stops'' to assist those addicted to the dice and cards.D O N'T | BE | F O O L E D : The mafia and questionable characters do still control some parts and bits of the Strip. More than we know. You can feel it in the energy.R A N D O M | T H I N G S | I | L E A R N E D : 90% of the trash collected in Las Vegas and Nevada, as a whole, is buried in the desert. Las Vegas, and Nevada, as a whole, is 45th in the nation, in regards to education. The recycling company owns the landfill, and because of this, Las Vegas has trouble keeping up with recycling hopes set forth by conservationists. You can rent a home for $1,200. The predominant religion is Mormonism. You can use Bitcoins on the Strip. Cicadas are the most common critter heard chirping at night. The desert experiences loads of flash flooding. The taxi drivers hate Californians. And in 1950s Nevada, all civilians wore dog tags ''in the event of a nuclear attack.''M Y | L A S | V E G A S | board on pinterest: http://www.pinterest.com/asliomur/x-las-vegas-x/
5	OMG... it's the big 1-0-0 review! That's one hell of a milestone, it's like turning forty, only in Yelp years. LOL. What better way to celebrate my Yelpdom middle-age than with a review of the city I love.... Las Vegas. Tony Bennett may have left his heart in San Francisco but my heart is definitely in Las Vegas. He can have his city on a hill, I'll take my valley of lights. What else can I say about this wonderful city that has saved my soul? Well, it's not for everyone. You either love it or hate it. It's a city that can breathe new life, or it can suck the living life out of you. If you're in the latter category, be careful, this city can eat you up alive. But for me, I'll always go where the lights are always on, and dreams are always won. Frank can take his vagabond shoes to New York but mine are here to stay in Vegas.
4	I love to visit las vegas but the city needs to get rid of the bums/beggars on the overpasses on the strip.  Not to be confused with the hawkers and water salesmen, these are drug addicts and alcoholics. And they are begging for their drug of choice.The overpass from nyny to the mgm was particurlarly bad.
4	"So where are you from originally?"That's usually the first question you get when meeting someone for the first time. Most people who live here didn't start out here. The born & raised crowd is rare. Vegas is essentially a melting pot. You meet all walks of life here. Everyone knows it was never my first choice or even my choice at all. And I'll be blunt, when I moved here from Los Angeles I absolutely hated it. But one thing about Vegas it definitely grows on you. Yes it's a tourist town, most sought after destinations are. But the upside, there are a limitless amount of things to do and places to eat. And no we don't all work at casinos or live on the strip. There's much more to Vegas than you think. As with everything in life, it's what you make of it. Pros: It's very convenient, just about any business you need is open 24 hours. Very helpful when most everyone works the graveyard shift.  Everything is about a 20-25 minute drive away. Surprisingly lots of parks and bike trails. Not to mention Red Rock Canyon, Lake Mead, Hoover Dam, Mt. Charleston, etc. Not as congested as most major cities and the cost of living is what draws most people here. The "locals discount" is a pretty good perk as well. And I'm sure you already know but the nightlife is second to none. A plethora of nightclubs, day clubs, bars, lounges, shows, festivals, and conventions. As far as entertainment goes, we have it all! : ) Cons: The heat! It can be unbearable, I'm talking about 117 for three days straight. 90 degrees at 3am. It gets to the point where 100 degrees is a good day. We have two seasons here. Summer & Winter. It took me about 3 years to finally adjust. It can reach well into the 20s during the winter so bring your warmest coat and lots of lotion for the extremely dry skin you'll experience your first year here. And it goes without saying that it is a tourist town so a lot of drunk a-holes at any given time but that's easily avoided as long as you steer clear of the strip. Museums are far and few which is a bit disappointing but what you'd expect from a city with the nickname "Sin City". Adapting here isn't too difficult. No matter who you are there's probably something for you. Maybe not everything you want but hey, you can't have it all. I've grown to love my town. I'm sure I won't end up here but I'm glad to call Vegas home for now. Mostly I'm just grateful for the people I've met. They have made all the difference.
5	I guess u know u got a lot to say when it takes u a minute or two to start just thinking of all the fun my Vegas trips have been. I've been here about a dozen times and it never gets old. Always something new to see as a tourist. Now living here is a whole other animal as anywhere else I imagine. So In a nutt shell (cuz I don't want to write a book) being from Miami, here is my Vegas review. Restaurants 5 stars, entertainment 5 stars, hotels 5 stars, nightlife 4 stars. Gambling 5 stars, fun 5 stars, people attractiveness 4 stars, miscellaneous party stuff 3 stars, convention events 5 stars, pool parties 5 stars, Vegas strip clubs 4 stars. Of coarse this all depends on where u go but in a general sense of it all this place rocks. I've had the time of life here. Always a pleasure coming back. Things to be cautious n careful of are prostitutes, overly priced drinks, no balconies on hotels, cig smoke everywhere, cabs can only b caught at hotels, try to catch the tram as much as possible oppose to cabs, it's rare u get to enjoy anything for free there. But still if u got loot Vegas gots the time of ur life awaiting u. Go!
2	Anyway who thinks that Vegas is "The Entertainment Capital Of The World" has never been to Pattaya, Thailand =p
3	As a kid, I loved this place.As a teen, I hated it.As a grownup, I now just feel this odd, conflicted paradox of love/hate with this bizarre attachment thrown in. As a child I adored The Strip. Seeing all the neon lights, the themes, the blend of old and new and just the general craziness. Now it's become a corporate and ~modernized~ monstrous shell of it's former self, with all the gleaming, glass towers and overpriced clubs, shops and eateries held within being even more garish than what people claim it was in the past. But I enjoy The Linq and how it's set the ball rolling for the pedestrian-friendly promenade trend. The place is overrun with people who are untrustworthy, smug, judgmental, spoiled, prosthetic (figuratively AND literally), ridiculously materialistic and cliquish. But then there's my friends. Childhood friends, high school friends and the people I roll with now. I wouldn't trade any of them for the world. Race and ethnicity were virtually non-issues here when I was a child. And yet now it seems that things are getting bizarrely segregated here. But at the same time the cultural diversity has grown tenfold. In terms of businesses, festivals and what have you, the offerings are beginning to rival what can be found in Cali. The "nice" houses are monotonous cookie cutters. Some of the one story houses are heinous to the point where the entire front facade is made up of the garage. Many of them require you drive/walk around ten miles of walls before you have to go through a gate to even access the house. Oh, and then there's HOA's who are intrusive, obnoxious and utterly ridiculous to the point that they object to signs of a normal neighborhood like kids playing outside or two people sitting and talking on the porch/front lawn/driveway of THEIR OWN house. All of that can be yours for $3k or more. As for me on the other hand, I'd rather find me a Mid-Century gem like an atomic ranch in Paradise Palms. Or a charming railroad cottage in the vicinity of DTLV. Most of the time these can be had for less than $2k.Unlike just about EVERYWHERE ELSE, the local history and culture is by and large disregarded. In any other town, there would have been an uproar if iconic hotels were imploded (see: the Sands and the Stardust), or if a historic theater is allowed to just sit and crumble (see: the Huntridge). Yet here, such things are responded to with apathy at best and acclaim at worst. The things that give this place character and a unique identity are forfeited in return for generic, corporate monotony. Ok, ok, at least recently that's finally started to change. The Mob Museum is a testament to a part of our history that for so long so many people tried to hide. The El Cortez, Golden Gate and various other buildings on Fremont St. are being added to the NHRP. The Huntridge has finally attracted local interest in renovation. Hell, not even a week ago, a sign was erected on Bonanza near Main St. signifying the "Historic Westside" which pays tribute to the Moulin Rouge! I wasn't born here, but I was raised here, which basically makes it home (even though your typical Vegas-born would insist otherwise). Aside from sporadic trips and family, I don't know much about my birthplace. I may have just been too hard on Vegas in the past. I mean, it's only a little bit older than 100 years old after all! For years it seemed like most of the city was soulless strip malls and chains. But now the new "villages" are all the rage and mom and pops are making a comeback. The local art and creative scene finally feels like it's starting to go somewhere. All the redevelopment going on in DTLV and the central parts of town are giving me hope that soon we'll have more neighborhoods with a soul (even though that's partially because of gentrification, but that's a different post for a different day). I used to think the great potential this place had in the past was lost, but I guess it just goes to show that the recession was just as much a gift as it was a curse locally speaking. Although it's not gonna happen for another couple of years, I'm still interested in leaving. I'm young, and I didn't travel much as a child. I want to see and experience different places. In all honesty, I think my lifestyle could very well be as a modern-day nomad. But maybe one day I might want to return here and settle down. After all, as much as I loathe what this place became in the late 90s/00s, I appreciate how it's changing for the better in the 10s. Only time will tell really.
