5	I think I love and hate Waitrose in equal measures, perhaps if they'd gotten their act together and opened up in Edinburgh sooner my relationship with it might be more stable. Unfortunately, I still haven't gotten over the novelty of having this supermarket of dreams in my home town. I'm bad in food shops at the best of times, but this place takes the biscuit - I could easily spend hours in here mesmerised by all the wonderful things they sell. I know I could never possibly have any use for pickled lemons, but still I feel compelled to buy them, they look so pretty in their jar....
5	My boyfriend and I were broke most of the time, but loved coming to Waitrose for the great deals you can find at times. Being in the more upmarket area of Morningside there is no rush for the discount stuff, which are placed neatly and obviously on the fridge edge along the aisles. And what deals! You could pick up good quality of meat for as little as 20p (and still had 2 days until expiry) or else hot cross buns for 10p. So if you are sad like us, finding a deal gives you a kick to spice up your cooking, and you are open to cooking on the day (rather than having to plan in advance), then this is the place for you.Waitrose knows customer service and the quality of produce is so much better than any other supermarket I know. It also has a cheese and meat counter, which other local supermarkets seem to lack. There's a reason my granny gets avocados at this chain, and they are perfectly ripe on the day of purchase- every singly time!
4	If you were planning on having a dinner party, Waitrose wouldn't be a bad choice for the food shop. Everything here is the cream of the crop and they have a great selection of fresh meats, cheeses, fish and all the other grocery items you could need. I bought myself a small tub of seafood salad at the fish counter and it was amazing, filled with prawn, cockles, muscles and octopus. Mmm...I popped in yesterday just before seven and it was pretty good timing on my part as pretty much every single item at the cake counter was reduced to 60p! I bagged some cheese cake, carrot cake and a banana and chocolate muffin, I even got a smartie cookie for 10p! What a bargain and they were so fresh and tasty and I felt very satisfied with my purchases as I wandered around with my little cake box in tow.The quality of the food and the selection is top notch but I found this branch to have a rather clinical feel to it, it isn't as welcoming as other super markets and the fact that all the shelves and walls are painted white made it feel a bit like a hospital full of food.Don't get me wrong, I do like Waitrose but I still prefer Marks and Spencers. However in terms of fresh, counter produce Waitrose is phenomenal.
4	I love shopping here ... it makes me feel so smart and posh!The thing you can guarantee is that they will have the most weird and wonderful ingredients and products that no one else (even Sainsbury's) seems to stock.The fact it's in Morningside means you can ponce around a bit ... so long as you have your Barbour on.Seriously, Waitrose is a great supermarket, the only thing that lets this one down is that it needs to be bigger.Now Tarquin, can you find me some black truffle paste please???
4	I got really excited when Waitrose first opened back West. I had heard great things about it and I wasn't disappointed.When I moved to Edinburgh, the first thing I moved into the flat was my Waitrose wine collection - got to get priorities right and I was so happy to discover a Waitrose in close proximity to chez moi. I still return to Waitrose for this reason. It has an ok gluten free section, the food is lovely and if you time it right (after 4.30) then you might grab some bargains. The fresh fruit and veg are really good quality, always lasts and stays fresh for ages.It is a payday treat for me as it can be a budget buster for shopping in regularly but it is a great shop with lovely food and wine.
4	The best fish counter of any supermarket in town, the only supermarket that has a decent veal selection......! So many things I love about waitrose but really it's just that they give me what he rest wont/don't!
4	One of my favourite 'chores' or household 'tasks/duties' is grocery shopping. I love roaming the aisles looking at various items and contemplating my next meal. I can probably spend an entire Sunday afternoon grocery shopping. I like this Waitrose because for a grocery store in Edinburgh it's pretty big and it stocks nearly everything that I need. The have American food (hey Fluff!) as well as a good selection of Asian, Indian, and Tex-mex foods. They have fresh seafood and their meat is superb.  Their fresh fruit and veg is slightly more expensive than what you would pay at Tesco and Sainsbury's but I think it lasts longer and it's definitely a better quality.  The Waitrose essentials brand is pretty standard. Although there are things I don't skimp out on (ahem Heinz Ketchup). In this location they put their reduced items at the front near the pre-packaged and 'on the run' fridges. I've found some really excellent deals there! The fresh bread and croissants are really good good! They also have a really good cheese aisle. Further, I have found the staff to be exceptional and very helpful when I'm looking for specific items. Also, if you become a Waitrose member by joining online you'll routinely be sent emails for special offers and every time you show your card you'll get 10% off something (with different promotions). This location also has a pretty good beauty aisle - they sell my favourite shampoo and conditioner (Tommyguns). Even though I no longer live in Bruntsfield I still do some of my shopping here!
5	I'm not going to lie. I am a HUGE fan of Waitrose. I appreciate organic, good qualtiy fruits and vegetables. I know its more expensive but to me its an investment in my health which in the long run comes out cheaper. I love the selection of breads, cheeses and meats. Sometimes there are really good deals! Sometimes if you buy the meat from the butcher it can be really cheap, cheaper than conventional stores even!  Great store. Just wish they had them all over the place, replacing Tescos and the like!!
5	I love Waitrose! As a student I am always trying to find the cheapest deals, and while Waitrose may not be the cheapest supermarket, they are worth the slightly steeper prices. I admit I do most of my produce shopping at Tesco since it is cheaper. However Waitrose has a much larger selection of fruits and veg and I will come here to get more specialty items that Tesco doesn't carry. They also have a good selection of vegetarian/vegan products which is great for me as a vegan. The staff are always very friendly, pleasant, and quick to help if I need any assistance in finding anything. They keep it immaculate and well stocked at all times. I think I may have a bit of a Waitrose addiction because it seems like I am in here almost every other day!
4	This a smaller outfit than the one in Stockbridge, but they still stock the brilliant range of good quality food. I normally go here before going to the Dominion Cinema. I get some snacks and beers to take as a snack when watching a film. The free coffee you get if you have a Waitrose card is nice, but I only used it once as I cannot handle a coffee and a shopping basket at the same time. I always find the quality and selection in Waitrose outstanding - even their 'essential' range carries a quality rarely seen at other supermarkets (well maybe perhaps at Sainsbury's)Knowing this I still have to double take on the prices they ask for certain products. One major biggy is the fact they stock my favourite Danish Chocolate milk : Cocio.
