3	The restaurant was clean, the service was good, but the food just didnt have it.  I'm huge into "sauces" but each one I tried was too plain.  The sandwich was dry and for what I got it seemed a little overpriced.I miss the greek place...PS.  I went back (very close to my office) and the food was actually pretty good on the 2nd go-round.
5	Wow, what a pleasant surprise this place is in Old Town! For those of you that haven't noticed the new signage yet, My Big Fat Greek has been revamped to Limelight. The executive chef for Limelight is the same chef that created all of the menus for My Big Fat Greek. His vision for Limelight is fresh, healthy food with a fun twist. I had the tuna melt and it was incredible. It was fresh sashimi grade tuna and was to die for! This place has only been open 4 days and their great service and awesome food has me wanting to come back for sure!
5	this was our first stop for restaurant week 2011 and boy was i impressed. it's very sleek and streamlined, compliments of green lighting throughout the place. although it was essentially empty when we arrived at 6pm, by the time we left, it was completely full!the food is another in the current (and hopefully sustainable) fresh food movement. i started with the seared ahi tuna app and it was delicious. slightly raw, seared well with a nice balsamic vinaigrette reduction. my wife had the lobster cake and it was very big, with a slightly sweet sauce. it too was awesome. for second course, i had the tuna melt. it was enormous! i immediately cut it in half and put it in a to-go box. the homemade red cabbage slaw was a bit vinegary, but it added nicely to the thick, seared slices of ahi tuna. my wife had the shrimp dipping sticks. the shrimp were large and plentiful and cooked to perfection. third course, i had the strawberry creme brulee, with a little flame on top. it was sweet, crunchy decadence followed by a smooth and creamy interior. my wife had the red velvet cheese cake and it too was delicious. not heavy and thuddy like standard cheese cake, but light and tasty with a side of candied walnut frosting. not included in our meal, but equally enjoyable were the martinis that were cold and refreshing. apparently it just opened and i hope, hope, hope it stays afloat. the wait staff is prompt, although we had to ask more than once to get our water refilled, and the online restaurant week menu had more options than the actual restaurant offered. but no mind. we left feeling full with leftovers. all the portions are severely generous and the prices (without drinks) are pretty standard for the area.
5	Enjoyed our first visit to Limelight for AZ Restaurant week. The decor is dark and modern, with green lighting accents to match the name. I just don't understand the multiple tv's with all the sports broadcasting?! Please pick a theme-do you want to be a hip, modern-feel hangout or do you want to be a sports bar? It didn't gel. Our cocktails were very good, we tried two of the martinis. The first courses were generous portions and my husband and I finished them despite knowing we had two more courses to come. The lobster cake was crispy with a lovely beurre blanc. My husbands' ahi tuna had a wonderful sear and accompanying balsamic glaze.Second course was a beet and endive salad with coconut-shrimp "dipping sticks" , which are really like kebabs. My husband ordered the ahi tuna melt.Dessert was a red velvet cheesecake with "frosting" dipping sauce and candied walnuts and my husband ordered the strawberry creme brulee. We took home half of our entrees and part of our desserts as we just couldn't finish everything. Good portion size, the timing of the food was good through the courses and the staff seemed very attentive in asking if everything was ok.On that note, my husband and I are such sticklers for the water-glass test. We really appreciate a full water glass and it tends to accompany good service if your water glass is maintained. I did have to ask for it here, but only once. Since our server was around frequently I didn't deduct a star for that. Am I softening?
5	Went to check out the new place in Scottsdale and dummied into AZ Restaurant Week.  My wife and I tried the Restaurant Week menu and it was all very good!  Lobster Cake to start was awesome.The skewers were excellent, Shrimp, Chicken and my personal favorite the Voodoo (spicy meat). For dessert a Red Velvet Cheesecake (great) and a Creme Bruee which arrived on fire!The service was good and the atmosphere top rateWe will definitely be making a return visit.  Well done!
5	Had the creme brulee and it was delicious!!! Very cool atmosphere and staff is super friendly. I want to come back and try the other menu items!
4	We were disappointed when My Big Fat Greek closed but were quickly excited about a dipping bar. Who doesn't love to dip?  From skinny martinis to meat on a stick we were pleasantly surprised by the deliciousness we experienced. Another great place to add to your list of Old Town restaurants to try.
3	I love the atmosphere of this place.  Dark modern feel with a splash of lime green here and there.  We had a party of 6 so we sat on the high bar table.  The manager was super nice, he sat me and took my drink order (topical ice tea).  The rest of the party slow creep-ed in.  I ordered the dorito fries as my appetizer.  The menu says it is fresh cut fries, topped with queso fresco and nacho cheese dorito crumbles.  When I got the dish, basically it was potatoes skins with flavorless sour cream with crumbles of doritos and 1 dorito chip stuck in the middle of it.  The flavor of the dorito chip overpower the entire appetizer.  My main dish was the classica burger with cheese with sweet ginger sauce and half order of fries.  All burgers are served on a toasted pretzel bun.  The burger was OK.  I still prefer BlissRebar's bliss burger on pretzel bun.  That is still stuck in my mind.  The dipping sauce is served up in this tiny dish that you can't dip the burger.  The sauce was good.  The fries were not crispy they are hot but soggy.  The service was great!
2	Went here for lunch and even though I love the idea of eating meat on a stick and dipping it I went with a burger since that is what I was craving.  The taste of the burger was good but somehow it fell apart while I was eating it.  The patty itself was crumbly but the texture of the pretzle bun was very firm so it just didn't work.  Sweet potato fries were pretty good so that was a plus but I didn't like that you had to order them separate.  I saw a lot of other items on the menu that sounded great.  Our server did not seem too familiar with the menu and I am kind of a picky eater so I guess thats what scared me off.  Next time I will try the dipping thing.I can't really comment on the ambiance since while I was there they had a radio broadcast going on.  I'm not really sure what that was about but it kind of ruined the experience for me since it was the first time meeting out of the office with my new boss and I was looking forward to having an intimate conversation which was absolutely impossible.  But, I can't blame the restaurant for that, it was just bad luck that we picked that place that day.  I will definitely give them another try and hopefully raise it up a star next time.
4	I loved the food here! The curry appetizer dish was amazing as were all of the dipping options. I will certainly be back!
4	This is a pretty cool little place. I went for the happy hour and when I arrived the restaurant was empty but there were servers everywhere! I couldn't figure out why but by the time I left the joint was jumpin'! I'm not sure what they are doing to market themselves but it is working.  The martinis were intriguing combinations of fruit and herbs. I had a blackberry & tarragon and my friend had a blueberry & mint. I enjoyed mine and at the HH half off a $5 price tag made it that much better. I will definitely go back and try the burgers. On a side note, if you have the Living Social deal it cannot be used during happy hour.
4	Got one of those $1.00 Groupons for lunch. She and I headed up the road to S'dale to check the place out. Seated promptly with menus and H2O brought quickly...then the server disappeared for a very long time. I thought things were going to go downhill after that....but magically, owner/chef appeared out of nowhere and sensing our discontent, took our order.     Things got back on track after that. I had voodoo sticks. Great heat although the beef was a bit overdone...I like it rare.  Her Crab cakes were wonderful. HUGE portion compared to the beef sticks.. Ahi tuna appetizer was thoughtfully prepared, but lacked the WOW factor. What will bring us back, however, will be the Ghost Pepper Burger.....looks dangerous and at $24.00, I'm sure it is, to both the mouth and wallet. Our chef assured us that he can make a smaller version for us to "sample". Will be sure to bring a pen to sign the waiver when we come back!
3	I had lunch here the other day and I have to take a star away because the food is mediocre at best. The spinach and artichoke dip was very good but my lobster cake sandwich had such a large bun on it I had to deconstruct it and the cake just tasted like fried and you'd never know there was any seafood in it let alone lobster. My bf's burger was just ok and his bun disintegrated as he was eating. The french fries were dry and you have to pay extra for them as they do not come with the burger or sandwich. The service was overly attentive but I think it was due to us being the only 2 patrons in the place. I would go back but only for the Happy Hour.
3	I'm upgrading to 3 stars because the service is awesome.  Of course, there was about a 1:1 ratio server to guests so....This place is not doing very well so I do feel bad, however, there are some obvious reasons.  The prices are very high and the portions are not very big.  So for the amount of food you get, the items are very overpriced.  Burgers, skewers, sandwiches and salads are all around 10, pizzas between 10-15.  Everything is a la carte and you get about 3 appetizer size skewers for the entrees.  Appetizers are about 10 as well, and desserts are 7 even with the option to add ice cream for 1.  I will say the burgers are better than the Grind - they actually stay together!  (the bun falls apart easily at the Grind and makes eating hard after a couple bites).  The fries were good ($5).  The pork skewers were passable but nothing special.  The Dorito potato skins were nothing special - just had a wedge of cheesy chip stuck in the middle of it.  The cupcake was good, but the chocolate was a little grainy.  Very small portion for that one..All in all, I probably won't go back for anything but happy hour - for the burgers.
2	I wasn't jazzed about this place at all.  I went with a friend for lunch and we were the only people there.  Our server was nice enough but seemed like she really didn't know what she was doing.  I ordered wine and it was brought to me in a totally soap spotted glass.  It was obvious it got the dunk and rinse but no wipe out cleanse.  The fact that the streaks were so noticeable and she still served my wine in that glass shows inexperience.  Second she brought my friend's drink to the table overflowing so much it was spilling out of the glass onto the floor because she wasn't using a tray.  She spilled all over the table and said, "sorry, I am not really a bartender," and walked away.  I figured she would come back to clean up the mess but instead I took      a napkin off another table and did it myself.On to the food, we got 3 different skewers, chicken, steak and ahi.  The steak was really good, perfectly cooked.  The chicken was pretty boring, nothing special and the ahi was terrible.  It had the consistency of gelatin and the manager apologized but also made excuses to why it could possibly be that way.  Every single dish has the same boring rice with diced carrots, peas and corn.  A bit strange and the plating itself was boring.   The dipping sauces were somewhat bland.  We also had to wait for the manager to go to the bank to get our change, I paid with a $100.....really? You don't have enough change on hand for that?
3	Cute little place and but very empty on a Sunday night. Me and six of my girlfriends went for our little holiday dinner and to catch up on our lives. There were maybe a total of 12 people in the place. I even overheard a gentleman at the bar getting upset with the bartender because she appeared to have overcharged him for his drink. It was not pretty but I think I was the only person in our group to hear it. Yikes!Anywho, our waitress Kylie was fantastic and very patient. I arrived late (only because I was engrossed in a movie and really lost track of time) but everyone had only ordered drinks by the time I arrived. Kylie gave me some suggestions as to what was pretty good and popular on the menu so I went for the Skinny pineapple cosmo drink. Very, very good! Next we each ordered our dinner and I ordered a sandwich called the Caltanissetta which had roasted chicken, bacio cheese, roasted peppers and arugula along with a half order of sweet potato fries. You can also get everything on the menu with one of there various dipping sauces they had and I believe I ordered the Madison's original or chef lefty's habanero. Either way one was sweet and spicy all at the same time which is a win in my book. The rest of the table ordered various dipping sticks, a burger and salads and everyone seem to enjoy there meals. There is a burger on the menu in which is supposed to so hot that it is called the Lava Burger and you must sign a waiver if you order it. They will name the burger after you and put your picture on the wall of flame. I may just have to take that challenge someday.All in all the food was and the service was very good. The bathroom was not the cleanest and I hope they remedy that real soon. I do hope this place stays in business because it would be a shame to loose such a unique concept in the Scottsdale area.
4	My Fiancee and I were in the area and were looking for a new place to try. We happened to check Groupon's Groupon Now deals and Limelight was one of the deals. Since we had been wanting to try Limelight for quite some time we decided to get the deal and try it out!We thought the whole concept for a dipping bar was great, and really enjoyed the food. We each ordered a sandwich, I ordered a side of mac-and-cheese, and my Fiancee ordered a side of combo fries (regular and sweet potato fires mixed together). Our sandwiches were good, we enjoyed the dipping sauces and we loved the fries. We also ordered drinks, which were delicious, but a bit on the expensive side. The service was good and very fast, but we were one of only two groups in the whole place. All in all, we enjoyed it and would go there again.
1	Someone call Robert Irvine we need Restaurant Impossible!!!  This is Green Lantern gone terribly wrong.  I had driven past this place quite a few times and fully excepted a DIPPING BAR.  I had this mystical idea that I would walk in and have tapas of different items to dip into different dips.  Straight forward right.......Well I think not.I have to start out with the most obvious.  I ordered lamb with goat cheese fondue.  Fondue which is melted cheese that you DIP IN.  What comes out two lamb cops on a s*** bed of rice that seems to come from a bag with peas, corn and carrots in it and is on every dish.  With a cheese sauce on top.  Need I say anything more.......The dips that they offer are actually on the back side of the menu, they do offer suggestions under each dish and burger, bit isn't the whole concept a dipping bar, would you not what the dips to be front and center??????  The dips are not that good anyway and are served in normal restaurant ramekins.  Decor:  Oh help, green everywhere are the pictures don't go together - again not clear cohesive theme.  You have flowers on one wall and martini glasses on another.This place could have been great, but it just got lost - I give 2 more months,
2	{Actual Date of Visit: 12/9/2011}Oh where do I begin?...I had a Living Social Deal for Limelight.  I was looking forward to coming here because the menu looked amazing.  We arrived on a Friday night around 8:15 pm.  Cute spot, modern decor.  It was surprising slow, but I was excited about my friends and I having more personalized attention!  I decided to order a Portobello Burger.  Guess what ladies and gentlemen? They ran out!  At first I thought the waitress was joking.  With a slight smirk on her face, she told me she wasn't.  Oooo, that didn't go over well with me at all.  A hungry NY vegetarian who can't get what she wants to eat on a Friday night.  Bad business.  (Sorry I'm spoiled in the restaurant department.)  My friends ordered while I tried to think of a new game plan.  One of my friends has food allergies, so when she began to ask about certain ingredients in the entrees.  Guess what again?  The waitress didn't know.  Huh? Do you really work here hon? Noticing my frustration, my friend asked to speak to the manager to try to figure out some sort of accommodation for me; because besides the salads, there aren't many vegetarian options there.  The manager (Mike?) to his credit was extremely personable and figured out a way to make the Accurate Vegetarian Dipping Sticks into a falafel-like sandwich for me.  It wasn't what I was in the mood for,  but it actually came out pretty good!  Thank God for him, because that waitress would have earned him a 1 star review.  The friend with food allergies ordered the Caneohe Burger without the bun, it was a little burnt.  And my other friend loved her Pesterella Burger!  I don't eat meat, but It did look tasty.  All of us enjoyed the sweet potato fries.The pineapple skinny cosmo was just ok and the first dessert, the chocolate chip cannoli was really not good at all.  It was pasty with a strange aftertaste.  I'm used to creamy goodness seeping out of a cannoli with a crisp shell.  So we decided to try again with the chocolate fudge filled cupcake.  It was fine.  I was so disappointed with my experience at Limelight because I really wanted to like the place, but there were way too many snafus. *sigh*
2	Twice, schmice.  Can't do it.  Can't go here twice.First off - what they say is true.  We pulled in at 6:00 on a Saturday evening in south Scottsdale to an empty parking lot.  They had exactly one other table inside.  Scary, but we did it anyway!The pizza, I will say, was really, really good.  That being said, it is enough for a party of 2-3, which is not clear on the menu.  ALSO, this is supposed to be a dipping bar - which has nothing to do with pizza, really.The skewers my husband ordered he said were GOOD, but, again, not dippable.  (Are we missing something here?)For an app we had the Dorito potato skin thingies.  Not... good.  Sorry, just not good.  Actually, we didn't even eat all of them they were so yucky.The dipping sauces WERE good... we just wished we had something to dip in them!The drinks... ahhhh... the drinks.  Let's see... If I wanted to pay $10 to have lawn shavings in my mouth - they were fantastic!  I get that I ordered a weird martini, but typically people do not like chunks beyond chunks of stuff in their beverages - which is exactly what this was.  Not flavored... but literally "bits filled."For dessert (yes, we kept going my fellow Yelpers!  We were trying to find the light in the lime!!!!!  ha ha!) we had the creme brulee.  It should be nearly impossible to RUIN what was probably a good creme brulee.  But no, oh no, they found a way.They poured booze ALLLLLL over it... and lit it on fire!  Creme brulee, for those who don't know, has caramelized sugar on top.  You should have to crack it with a spoon to get through to the deliciousness hidden below.Instead we had a bowl of creme brulee soup... swimming in alcohol.We paid, we tipped, we ran, we won't be back.Sorry, Limelight.  Pay to upgrade your tables and turn into a fondu place like your name sounds.  Then order some snacks and tasteys that we can DIP!
2	Not a fan.  The food was dry and bland.Not sure how someone could make a bland burger.  Just add salt and pepper.Too pricey for such limited return as well. Too many other great places in the area to come back here.
2	Like some of the others, I don't think they'll be around long. Too bad 'cuz the food wasn't bad, but the service, the lighting, the art, and the ambiance left a lot to be desired.
4	I've always wanted to try this place and found a Groupon deal which was a great excuse to take a friend for dinner.I was really excited to find they offer sweet potato fries and a variety of martinis (Average price around $9) . The hostess mentioned who our server would be but apparently she was slammed, so the host ended up being our server. I appreciated the fact that she could tell we wanted to order right away.They have several different appetizers that looked really appealing. We ordered fries, split a burger. Even with the groupon, I still had to pay $10 more, which signified to me the food is a bit pricey. It's located on the busy Scottsdale Road so parking can be challenging but not impossible.
3	Ate here with my guy recently and we were pleased. It was a last minute decision and we bought a Groupon Now, saving us a few bucks. They have a decent selection of beers on draft (4 Peaks hefewiezen, yay!) The server was prompt and informative. They let me substitute turkey burger in place of one of the beef burgers, which was nice since I'm not a red-meat eater. The bacon aoili that came with the burger was a lil too rich for my sweet pot fries, so I asked for some sweet chili dipping sauce and that hit the spot!  I would like to get back and try them again as they have some interesting skewers and pizzas I want to dip into all those dipping sauces!
4	Expensive fancy, shmancy place. Not my thing in particular, but it was pretty good overall. My friend and I wanted to get a drink in Scottsdale, but not go to a nightclub. Apparently, that's almost impossible. Anyways, we stumbled upon this place. The service was really good though! The server and bartender kept checking up on us, but not in a pushy kinda way. They made it really clear that they appreciated our business and informed us of Happy Hour. If I went during Happy Hour, I probably might have liked it a little more, with the prices and whatnot.
1	A friend and I went on a groupon. We were excited to try the DIPPING bar. The tables that we were seated at were more like lounge seats. I didn't see where the dipping came into play because there wasn't any. The price was a little high and the buns on the burger fell apart fast. I wouldnt go back unless they brought in small snacks and DIP-ABLE food. I dont expect this place to last too long.
1	Biggest let down. I purchased a GrouponNow on 2/9 for 2/10 to use between 3:30 and 11:45pm. My husband and I had made plans and arranged our schedules so we could try something new, when we arrived at 6:30pm the place was dark. What bar/grill is closed on a Friday night at 6:30pm? Reading the other reviews, sounds like maybe they went out of business although there were no signs or anything. I tried to pull up the company website but just displays a black screen. I also tried to call and it just kept ringing until I got a message that the mailbox hadn't been set up yet. Groupon refunded my $$, but I won't be trying this place again.
1	Why is it so hard for anyone here to see that this place is closed? I brought up this issue a while ago and they still show it as open; which is not. Sadly, I went there once and it didn't really light up the world on fire. I wondered what happened to the Greek place? If they were the same owners as this place, maybe they should've lived by the old addage "If it ain't broke, don't try to fix it".
