3	Sure, this isn't the cleanest Goodwill or the nicest.  Plus, the neighborhood is sketchy as hell and light rail construction has made getting there tricky. But this location delivered and then some for our purchases for an 80s aerobic dance party we went to. As a matter of fact, I don't think I could have found this stuff at the location in South Scottsdale or Tempe.  Those areas are too fashionable.  We found...a bright red snow headband with Lake Placid imprinted on it,  Superman pajama bottoms, plaid short shorts, 80s Blu-blocker sunglassesMilwaukee Brewers vintage t-shirt ringerpink Care BearAll for under $15.  This isn't some 80s parallel universe. It's just the Goodwill on West Camelback.
4	This is a huge store and love that the clothes were sized.  There is a separate room for housewares and a bit messy.  Some of the housewares stuff was dirty but great deals. They were running a 50% sale on all items in the store, blue, red or white.  Own parking lot.
3	Just like in the Goodwill commercial! I swear! You've all seen the commercials right? The customer arrives, ask where, oh, a power drill would be...Goodwill employee says in the tool section and points. Then we see the giddy customer trying on hats, sipping air from a coffee mug, settling into a recliner and finding a backyard croquet set. Upon check out the same employee asks "Did you find what you were looking for?" Cut to the giddy customer with a cart heaping full of Goodwill goodies...or as I call them...Goodwillies...and he replies rather happily, "Nope!"Rickie and I were looking for a bicycle. Did we leave with a bicycle? Nope. But I scored some fabulous seemingly brand new throw pillows for ten bucks. Good? You betcha! Will? Will I go here again? You betcha!P.S. And props for the store not smelling like a nest of moths died under an angora sweater.
3	Having just dropped off 3 bags of clothes at the 16th St and Indian School location just a few days earlier, I decided to switch it up and come to this location when I was inspired to look for a few items for a project.I found a few items and a cool little solid wood book shelf that needs a little work. But you don't find solid wood pieces like this little guy any more. The selection of furniture pieces was not as extensive as some of their other locations but I still enjoy looking for little treasures.
3	I visit this Goodwill a lot. I like the setup, with the house stuff in a different sort of room.  It's not the cleanest, as other reviewers said, but it's not the dirtiest either. I don't mind it one bit. Of course, as Goodwills are, the merchandise here is over priced except on Saturday 1/2 days. That is generally the only days I visit here. It was a great place for Halloween gear though! And I admit I have found some great steals here.
3	This place makes me want to drop a deuce every time I walk in and I think I've narrowed it down to the over usage of stale cinnamon potpourri. For some odd reason the smell of hot tamales triggers my bowels; it's a strange phenomenon and I should probably have it checked out.  Besides that personal issue, this store is great for Halloween costumes, sundresses, moo moos, everything wicker, used dentures, 80s bedding, soiled stuffed animals, multiple copies of the same Linda Ronstadt album and many many more previously used and unwanted disposable items.  They even have 50% off days! Shopping spree anyone?
2	I'm the first person to admit how much I love second hand shopping.  Phoenix has a great selection of thrift, second hand and consignment shops that would give anyone a good run for their money.  Goodwill has a lot of stores in the valley, so you don't have to drive far to find one.But this store? IT SUCKS.  PERIOD. I remember coming here ages ago, and walking out wondering what the hell just happened.  As a rule, I donate stuff to the goodwill because I know it will go to people who need it and can purchase it at a fair and reasonable price.  But this store is just so depressing to shop in!They have plenty of clothing, shoes, bags and stuff to choose from, but this location is just a disaster.  I came here today because I was on my way home from another thrift store and thought "o yea, the Goodwill. I'm going to see what they have today."I only come here to donate now, but my suggestion is find another goodwill to shop at. There's plenty in the valley to choose from, and its worth the few extra miles to actually shop at a place that's a decent selection and doesn't stink of cinnamon.
