2	I receive text messages from sonic with promotions re: new items , specials of the day etc.I was in the mood for a sundae and went to grab one for meAnd a friend of mine.  When I mentioned the special price they said they werent Offering that price. Once I explained it was a text/club prIce they asked me to pull forward.After all 4 employees looked at my text message and they had their little pow wow they decided to give me the price.When they handed me my sundaes, honest to God they basically took one sundae and split it into two! So they scammed me but whatever !I will Think twice about this location the next time I want to make an ice cream run!I meanCome on, even at half price sonic your not losing and dinero dayum
1	This is the least well run operation in all of Sonic's stores!  they lie, they play with customers shakes they do not observe health regulations for food handling.  DO NOT VISIT THIS LOCATION!
1	Went to try those pretzel hotdogs, and the bun was all moldy. Didn't notice until halfway through, so yay for a dose of penicillin.
1	Horrible place. I've been to different sonic locations and this one is by far the worst. First of all, sonic isn't really great in the first place. This place is absolutely horribleI've tried it many times and none of them have been greatThe burgers here are super greasy, the burritos which I really like in other places, the ones here always have really burnt eggs and are also super weirdly greasy. The fries are always gross, and the ice cream is weirdly gritty?? So if you are craving sonic, just go to a different location.
1	Generally, I love Sonic. It is by far my favorite fast food restaurant. This one however, is the worst location I have ever eaten at. The food is extremely inconsistent. Blasts are often not mixed through, so you end up getting plain Vanilla towards the bottom. Order extra items like extra brownie? You MAY get it ... Or you may simply be charged for it but the amount they give you here is so minimal it just isn't worth it. I don't feel like paying for a single tiny brownie thrown in there. Like shakes? Flip a coin ... Because sometimes you will get a shake you can sip with a straw, and other times you get another Blast flavor. When you order cinnasnacks with cream cheese frosting, you shouldn't have to ask for cream cheese frosting separately. I've seriously ordered a few times and didn't get it because I forgot to ask for it. These are issues I don't have with other locations. I ... just ... don't. Yet, this location is a short walk from my place, so I go for convenience. But I'm not going to expect quality.
2	I just go here for iced tea during happy hour.  The microphone on the drive thru doesn't work properly and could not hear him and had to drive to the window to place my order. I'm waiting in line now, thinking I should have went to McDonald's for their iced tea. Much faster service. I feeling postal at the moment. The sheer ineptitude, man. Deep breaths, calm like still water. If you don't finish high school get a job here, I'm sure they will take you. The tea was tasty though
2	We had dinner there today. Very poor service. They didn't answer when we pushed the order button. The drive through was out of order. I went into the kitchen to make an order. We probably won't be back. So sad cause we like Sonic.
