1	At first glance, this is a great community. The dog parks and pools are the best part of this place. And thats where the greatness ends.THE STAFF IS HORRIBLE!!!!! They do not return phone calls, and basically have their heads up their butts, because there is no communication between the corporate office and all their residences...I heard good things about Mark Taylor Residences,which is why we looked at this place, but after living with them for over a year,I WILL NEVER, EVER RECOMMEND LIVING HERE.They overcharge for rent, and dont tell you when your rent is being raised. They also require a 60 day to-vacate notice, not a 30 day, and they dont tell you that either. READ THE FINE PRINT. Otherwise, you will get screwed. Oh, and make sure that you look at an apartment that you would actually be getting, because they show you the better one of the two. We got all old appliances and old carpet, but they showed us a nicer place, saying it was the same rent. When we went to move in, they said "oh you have to pay more for that one you looked at." Freaking idiots. Come to find out, our neighbor paid the same rent and had all those new things that we were excited about in the beginning. When we brought it up to a manager, we didn't receive a call back. Figures...Even after moving out, we are still getting screwed. We had our address changed with the office, and even after going to the office a second time to make sure it was changed, they still didn't do it. My fiance's mail for the last month and a half has been being sent back to the post office, bills included.SO THANK YOU VERY LITTLE MARK TAYLOR RESIDENCES, FOR SCREWING OVER YOUR RESIDENTS!DO NOT MOVE IN HERE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
1	I've now lived in TWO Mark Taylor owned apartment communities in Scottsdale, and Awhatukee, Arizona. Mark Taylor has a pretty funny little scam going on. They hire the sweetest women to show you around the complex, be your best friend up until you finally sign that damn lease. They're so sweet to you and then once you sign, everything changes. Once you're trapped in the lease, they treat you like absolute shit. They could care less about what happens, how it needs to be fixed, and anything regarding the residents. This is the second time I've lived in a Mark Taylor residence and I have yet to have an issue resolved in my favor, when I have not done anything wrong. Not only do they not take care of their residents, but the apartments are so beyond overpriced it's ridiculous. I will never, ever, ever recommend Mark Taylor apartments to anyone. Ever.
1	If I could give Mark Taylor no stars I would. All of their leasing clowns get $11.25 hour.Great pay for what they do! I guess they are told to not let U.S. VETS be approved. My credit score was .3 below acceptable for their $99 security deposit. They wanted a $100 more plus rent would go up $40 per month. The 2 things on the credit report were even listed as identity theft. They didn't care. A women named Amanda said tough no refund for the apartment. Mark Taylor is a true SCUMBAG!
