4	Simple steel concrete and glass design throughout the building. Could use more art but i think thats the way they like it. Staff is nice. Good place to live if you're looking for a place to stay a while on the strip.
5	I love bringing innocent unsuspecting suspects to this undisclosed location in the center of the entertainment center of the Western United States.Shhh... let's keep this place secret. The rooftop swimming pool and gym, breathtaking views, free valet parking and proximity to all major casinos are all ours (tenants') to enjoy.
4	WOW. Condos smack dab in the middle of the heart of Las Vegas Blvd; IN City Center's property; NEAR the trendy Cosmo, and ACROSS shopping at Planet Hollywood.This is real estate's best bet: location location LOCATION.Even more better than their location are their amenities. It's own valet, pool (on the rooftop), gym, movie theatre and pool tables. This place is great for bbq and parties during the summer.Yippeeee, I can't wait...HURRY, SUMMER, HURRYAlso, have to mentions the RIDICULOUS view of the strip from the rooftop =) Kinda makes you fall in love with Vegas all over again.
5	One of my good friends currently lives here, and the facility is definitely modern and high end. All of the people at the concierge are very friendly, and there is no need to worry about random people wandering through the towers because the security here is very high end and on top of their stuff. The valet garage is under the Veer Towers, and since Veer is literally on The Strip, I'm surprised the accessibility here is actually easy to get to (you would think a condo right on The Strip would be a hassle to get to, but due to the location it's actually in a perfect spot with minimal traffic if you take Trop to get to Veer). The pool at the top is relaxing and offers an outstanding overview of the city. It's small, but barely anyone is up there, and you really do feel like its exclusively just for you. The workout facility is pretty decent from what my friend tells me (all of the basic equipment needed), and you're basically in walking distance from any restaurant that's around the area of Veer Towers (Crystals is next door, and there's also a convenient Walgreens down the way as well).
5	6 Stars if it was an option =)I moved in here a few weeks back and the honeymoon may never end! The people who work here are genuinely friendly and do a great job...from the sales/leasing staff, to the HOA staff, to the dock people during move in, to security and the cleaning staff and valets and concierge crew.  Everyone....A+.I looked at all of the condos in vegas before picking this one.  The amenities are awesome
5	I moved in here about 3 months ago.  I stayed in numerous hotels in Las Vegas to research the "it" place.  I saw CityCenter from the taxi cab coming into Vegas and felt immediately that I wanted to be here; now I'm here.If you want to be in the center of it all in Vegas, CityCenter (Veer Towers as part of the CityCenter project) lives up to its billing.  Swanky is the right word.  Expensive sports cars inundate valet parking.  The valet staff is top notch.  The concierge service is top notch as well.  They are protective of your privacy, always calling to make sure a guest is actually invited, especially and including a service person.Security is tight.  It took 2 years of tax returns for me to lease a place!  I had never had so much screening at a place in my life-short of a long-term mortgage.  The people who live here are friendly.  This surprised me having lived in wealthy neighborhoods where all my neighbors seemed so depressed and grumpy.The amenities are endless: the 37th floor amenity level is the best!  The pool has a breathtaking, particularly at night, view of Las Vegas.  We are right next to the Cosmopolitan hotel-the swankiest hotel in Vegas right now.  The fitness room has both a sauna and steam room.  The view is killer, like the pool area.  The media room is OK-not as great as I hoped.  Since I am doing a lot of business in Vegas, one of the features that is very useful to me is the Business Center: it includes a board room that is available most of the time to residents, a coffee room with good coffee always available and teleconferencing capabilities.  I have found this as a huge benefit when seeing business clients.This place is an architectural marvel.  The building are 5 degrees off vertical.  Tourists are flashing pictures of this place nearly non-stop.  It is iconic, even in Vegas.  This place spoils you quickly.  You wonder not what can I get in Vegas, but what can't I?  They are heavy on service here and it permeates the feel of the building everyday.The greatest compliment I can give any building is the presence or absence of management.  I don't see management.  This is great!  Management here lets you live here and isn't in your business-my hat is off to the Veer Tower management.I haven't lived anywhere else in Vegas, so as to the price, I can only compare it to a downtown LA office buidling that you could also live in--with that comparison in mind, Veer Towers is a steal!  If you don't lease here, check it out when you are in town.  It is the place to be.Ralph Downey III
5	I have lived here for 2 years now it is great!  Staff is very friendly and the people are nice.  City Center is great as well.
4	I love living at Veer. The rooftop pool and building amenities are well worth the rent. If you want to experience high-rise living in Vegas, Veer is it! You can't get a better location for high-rise living on the strip.
3	I have visited here several times and the staff is great, the valet is great but the building itself is very gray and cold. While the views with all glass windows are amazing, it is not very weather friendly. Can you imagine the desert heat in the middle of summer with all glass windows? Like being under a magnifying glass.
4	I lived at Veer for my very first year in Vegas.  Overall I had a wonderful experience and it's always cool to tell people "I lived on the strip".If you're like most new residents to this town you've only seen the strip prior to moving here.  That being said, Veer was perfect for a newbie like me because it allowed me to slowly explore the city from outside of the strip at my own pace.  I could go on and on, so I'll just list my main pros and cons of living here:PROS- I could walk to work, and a tank of gas in my car could last almost a month!- The pool/workout/rec rooms are on the rooftop, making it a must see for any guests, in fact it was the tipping point in deciding to live here.- Staff is very friendly, after a few weeks all the valet knew my car right when I walked up.  Security and concierges were always very nice and approachable.- My highest power bill was $20, normally it was only in the $10 range.CONS- After awhile the strip gets to be too much.- Pain in the butt to get your car from valet and make a run to the grocery store.  Not to mention if they close the strip for any reason, you're locked in.- I hate treadmills, but going for a morning run is a pain in the butt.- Not a lot of storage space in the unit, I had to tuck my golf clubs and vacuum in a small corner.- With homes so cheap, you can get a lot more space for the price. (I know: location, location, location!)There was nothing terrible about Veer, but I love where I live now, when I want my car I don't have to call down for it nor do I wait for an elevator to go upstairs.  Yes I have a longer commute now, but I use that opportunity to listen to the radio and catch-up on current events.  I also pass a grocery store on my way home too :)
3	Humm.. Well the view was pretty nice.. The kid that parked my car was a doll and kept it up front just like I asked him to. The door man was uh, pretentious and unimpressive. Not sure this would be my ideal living arrangement, food shopping would be a huge pain in the butt, if they close the strip (and they do) you are in it to win it, and STUCK until it reopens, no thanks. If you are a young professional and you can walk to work from here it might be fun for a bit..
4	Oh my goodness what is that magnified yet terrifying tuning noise that continuously rang throughout the weekend from 4am to 6am in the morning?!?!! My goodness!!But besides thats, the Veer Towers is great! Three full bedrooms, three full bathrooms, and everything was so sleek modern, I loved the wide open space windows that not only gave us the view of Marquee Day Club, but the Bellagio water show and Paris' Eiffel Tower, making it a one spectacular view.  We had a flat on the 27th floor which was a rented flat to guests. I will note that I was a little taken back that a blow dryer was no where to be found, simply because, well, any rented flat or a hotel I've stayed at provided that particular vanity amenity. Thank goodness that I did pack one in hand ahead of time, otherwise! I loved that the kitchen was large and spacious, and I was even surprised there had a Bodrum french coffee press, a true plus!The Veer Towers is located in the City Center next to the Aria and Cosmopolitan. As I had mentioned above regarding the eerie tuning nose, apparently, the Veer Towers is known for this misfortune and just wasn't constructed correctly. The tuning is caused by the high winds that blow through the towers next to the other hotels, but The Veer seemed to get hit the most with the strenuous tune.But I kid you not regarding that loud tuning noise, I was seriously terrified that evening and I felt like we had UFO's around us, that's how intense it was.However, besides the noisy ruckus, I loved it, and would love to stay here again, just hopefully under a much windless weekend x
3	I lived in the west tower for 1 year. Living here is a double edged sword. It has an amazing view and it is close to everything....accept a grocery store. The hustle and bustle of the strip proved to be too much to handle for me on an every day basis. It was convenient on weekends and when friends would be visiting town. But having to deal with the never ending traffic and the endless screams of "WWOOOO- VEGAS" got old really quick. Beautiful property, great amenities and countless annoying tourists always at your front door.
4	I enjoyed living at Veer for over two years .I loved living on the strip but at times it could be rather noisy and the strip closures are very annoying. The water in the west tower was constantly being turned off due to some issue and valet could be slow at times during the evening. Not having a parking space is the worst inconvenience ,it's not a luxury to only have valet. Concierge Jenny was always pleasant & Gavin and the entire day time valet crew always had my car up front . 24 hour security was great, I felt very safe. My overall experience was a good one.
4	Veer Towers is perhaps the best deal in town.... That said, I wouldn't recommend buying, or even leasing... The real savings are to be had when you rent from an absentee condo owner. Given Vegas' real estate market, you're guaranteed to save at least 20% that way. At around six hundred square feet, the studios are fairly large. The size is something you'll really notice and appreciate if you've ever lived on the East Coast....or rented a studio in any major city, really. And with units going for as low as $1,250 or so a month, it definitely won't break your bank. Given that most anything worthwhile in Vegas is on or near the Strip, Veer Towers puts you in the center of it all...You're in walking distance to anywhere on the Strip, and a short bus ride away from Downtown and the University District. It's perfect if you like going out...The one downside is that this being Las Vegas, urban planning is next to non-existent, so depending on the traffic, the nearest supermarket is between fifteen and thirty minutes away, on Flamingo and Maryland....Likewise, if you don't work on the Strip, navigating traffic anywhere near the area is a pain...I'd also say that the valet can at times be more of a hassle than an asset. I'm also taken aback by onsite security and security features, or access to a concierge...doorman services, as being considered luxuries... These are normal accoutrements to living in a city center.As far as the condos themselves go, I'm a fan of the minimalist modern decor. Going home is a nice a respite from the gaudiness that abounds in Las Vegas....
