5	I was referred to ProtoGym by a good friend and have been extremely satisfied. The gym is owned by the trainer and it is pretty much a one man operation. You are given a scanner key and are able to access the gym 24/7/365. Being that the gym is relatively new (6 months or so) the member base is not huge yet, therefore most of the times I have gone I have had the entire gym to myself. It felt pretty exclusive except the prices are far from it. The gym offers all of the equipment you would need for successful circuit training and cardio. The really neat function is the protogym software in conjunction with the gym. When you go in, you go up the the kiosk, scan your key and it brings up your personalized work out. You click for your work out to be generated,  print it out and don't have to worry about what you should be working on that day. The exercises for the day also have instructional 30 sec videos that show you exactly how/what you should be doing. The equipment is well kept and well stocked (medicine balls, mats, boxing bags,  weights, stability balls, balance trainer, cones, high cable stations, etc etc). The website lists in full everything offered at the gym. Mike, the trainer/owner is extremely friendly, knowledgeable and will kick your butt in his boot camp classes. I kind of want to be selfish and not let the word out about this awesome and innovative gym, but at the same time I want him to succeed and stick around.He offers month to month, no contract memberships, as well as membership options that includes boot camp classes. He doesn't do any third party billing, so when you ask to cancel your membership he will do it without any hassle or headache (I am looking at you 24 hr fitness...).
5	Best gym ever.  I hate going to normal gyms.  I have never been able to keep going for longer than a couple weeks, but ProtoGym made a huge difference for me.  I've been going to ProtoGym consistently for 8 months now.  The difference is that it's a smaller gym, people and friendly and there to actually work out, the owner is a personal trainer and always willing to help, and most of all, the software that the owner has made.  The software builds a workout routine for you to follow.  All you have to do is mindlessly click on auto-generate workout, choose how long you want to work out, print, and then follow what it tells you to do.  The software uses circuit training, so a couple exercises back to back with little rest in-between followed by a longer break.  It consistently kicks my butt.  The better/stronger that you get, the harder it will work you.  Circuit training and some of the exercises that it asks you to do are a little different than what most people used to, but I was able to get over it quickly because most of the people around you are doing the same type of exercises, so you don't look out of place.Most of the time it's not too busy, but there have been nights where it is packed.  The owner is expanding into the vacant commercial space next to the gym though, so soon there will be a lot of additional space.  I'm paying $25 for the no-contract option without any of the classes that the owner runs.  For $35 you get one boot camp class a month.Because of this gym and the owner's nutrition advice, I was able to gain 30lbs, mostly muscle =) , in about 6 months.
5	I love this place, have been a member for years Mike and Proto team are amazing.  This gym is not typical Gold's or LVAC so much better!! Members get results and every one is super nice.  Great job Mike and Team.
5	Best gym I've been to! Best place to really get in shape! And seriously the best trainers. Great atmosphere, great everything! Numerous types of boot camps and strength classes. Also yoga classes. Has equipment that you don't see in usual gyms. Peg wall, rope climbing, med ball throw walls, plyometric boxes, fully stocked bumper plates, gymnast rings and so much more!! Great prices. No contracts. No fees. Even has special prices that come with unlimited classes. So much to do and learn here! Love it!
