5	To Whom It May Concern,Today (Wednesday,September 19, 2012), Jordan Dove was assisted by the Branch Manager 'Rebecca Albrecht'. I was extremely satisfied with her professionalism and customer service skills, and the service One Nevada has provided me over the past few years has prompted me an interest to move my business account to One Nevada.Genuinely,- Jordan C. Dove
5	I want to thank Linda M. for contacting me on this matter and for being so helpful.  She was very understanding and made everything a lot easier experience with this OneNevada branch. I am updating this review because I do believe not everyone should suffer for one person's actions. I highly recommend this branch now due to Linda. Thank you again for your help. **I don't even know where to begin.  I normally don't name names, BUT I do believe this is a time to do so. Reason being for present and future customers need to know what they're dealing with, and not to mention this certain individual needs coaching on how to handle a "professional" work environment.  First of all, I don't appreciate how you handled or lack thereof my husband's business.  He simply needed to do a wire transfer and you were so focused on his t-shirt you just had to have everyone look at it. When he left, you simply said everything is done. He left and you called me to say you made a mistake and we waited for you to call back and it has been 4 hours. I have called 5 times. Thank goodness someone helped us after the 5th hour. My husband was going to be late for work. Rosie, I am breaking up with OneNevada. Your customer service skills need help. I understand you have a busy working environment but I know for a fact you have time to call your customers back. I'll be back on Saturday to close our account.  I hope this will help you to grow and learn how to handle a professional situation.  I only hope for the best.**
1	Horrible! They can get to your money but you cant. The second chance account sucks! The customer service sucks, the employees seem angry all the time. I went to take money out of the atm and the atm ate my card for no reason ans would not give it back. Because it was Saturday all branches were closed so I had to wait untill monday. When monday rolls around my account is overdrafted because I couldnt make a payment in time to a payday loan because I couldn't get money out of the bank once my card was gone. So I wake up to an overdrafted account and they took money from my savings account without my permission as well. The credit union would not refund me for there mistake and told me I have eight days to make a payment or I will get charged 2.50 a day untill I fix the overdraft , I already pay 20 a month just to have the account. Im very disappointed with the cresit union they are so not understanding.
