4	We were here on our last night in Edinburgh.  The meal was quite good.We started with a spiced lentil soup.  It was quite tasty.  For the main they were out of the goat cheese pastry option, so I ordered the cod.  The fish itself was good, but it was served on a bed of overly salted veggies.  I think my bf ordered a risotto (which was rather tasty as well).We ordered sides with our mains.  The Sauteed kale and the roasted potatoes are not to be missed.  There sadly was no room for dessert.   It's a nice place.  I was happy with the experience.  As I understand it, the restaurant was 1 and a half weeks young when we visited.Recommended.
4	Some of the initial reviews on here, and over on Trip Advisor, had Spidey-senses tingling, as they didn't quite have the ring of veracity about them, so I selflessly took it upon myself to pay this place an early visit.It was so good that I'll be dragging a bunch of Yelpers along for a visit, once the Festival frenzy has died down.The Atelier's focus is on local produce, with dishes constructed classically, but showcasing new and interesting flavour combinations.I had a warmly spiced cauliflower soup, followed by a lovely venison dish, with particularly tasty vanilla carrots.The venue is styled very minimally, so could feel a little sparse and cold to some, but the warmly welcoming waiting staff more than make up for it.I really enjoyed my visit, and look forward to sharing it with others, soon.So overall, we said: "The Atelier is a really promising new addition to our Edinburgh restaurant tapestry. The quality of their dishes is very high, and all the other elements for success are in place. The location could be the only weakness, as other places have struggled to establish themselves in this neighbourhood, but their offering is compelling enough to demand a dedicated visit. You'll be as impressed as I was by this elegant, welcoming place."(P.S. this is a sneaky wee Yelp exclusive, as the full LQ review won't post until later in the week)
3	A bit disappointed frankly :( although the yelp company was top notch as usual :) I feel a bit mean scoring this place 3 stars when everyone else rates it a 4 or 5 however I can't bring myself to give any more. Well not based on tonight's experience anyway. My reasons:1. There were tiny fruit flies buzzing all over the place that were really annoying. Having to fish flies out of a drink isn't a good start. 2. We were a table of 8 but given the timescales for serving our food, forcing some people to start before others have been served, the kitchen clearly isn't geared up for big numbers. 3. The food is a bit overpriced in my opinion. And I base this view on the quantity of my starter and the quality of my main dish.4. My starter of cep and ricotta raviolo in a mushroom consume was delicious (really, really tasty in fact!) however what bugged me is that the portion was soooooo tiny. One raviolo sitting in a huge white plate with a small hole in the middle. For 6 bucks I expect a bigger portion. This isn't a Michelin star restaurant so I don't feel they can't justify high end prices. 5. My main of pork belly, pork cheek and pork fillet with lentils was a bit of a mixed bag. The pork cheek was lovely and I'd have happily eaten that on its own in a bigger portion however the fillet was tough and chewy and so was the pork belly. Overcooked pork is pretty dry. The lentils were fine albeit quite dry. Dry lentils and dry meat. Hmmm... I Was looking forward to trying this place for ages as I walk past it every day on the way to work. My expectations were pretty high as a) it looks nice b) it's always busy, even during the week (good sign) and c) the reviews on yelp were all really good! Not sure what went wrong really!?
3	The Atelier provided us with a good evening out, but failed to live up to expectations (which were quite high, in part due to a ringing endorsement from David Sedaris during the Fringe). As others have mentioned, there were fruit flies buzzing all around us, and one helped himself to some of my wine. The mains came out at a stagger, leading to that awkward "no really, please start" situation that leaves the early-served to choose between eating alone and letting their food go cold. The size of my main (the lentils with blue cheese topped with a sun-dried tomato salad) left me a bit hungry, and the side of chard that I had ordered simply never showed up. Everything I tasted was good, and I particularly appreciated that the vegetarian mains were not starch-based (it's a lazy chef whose vegetarian options begin and end with risotto and soggy pasta). Which is why I intend to go back again - The Atelier definitely has potential.
5	We live in the neighbourhood and were delighted to see a new restaurantopening up. My husband and I went on our anniversary, after a long day at work.The food was fresh, perfectly prepared and delicious.  The service was outstanding.Good food in a comfortable, unpretentious atmosphere. You can tell that very detail, from the teapots to the chairs, was carefully thought out. We plan to make it our regular place to dine.
4	As far as restaurants go this is a very good example of attentive friendly service. The food we had was very good. We had the duck (3 ways) for starters and steak for main. All cooked to the desired level. The portions are ..eh.. balanced. Not to little, but in all fairness, certainly not too much. I guess this is fine dining, all in moderation. I am sure if I asked for more I would have gotten it. Scott who was serving us is a very happy, friendly and helpful guy! Though he is still struggling with the slate vs cutlery on clearing the plates, I am sure he'll get there some day! :o) I enjoyed it and it was a nice meal.
