5	This place is fantastic.  I have tried a couple of things and they were all fantastic, but now I stick to getting a chimichanga filled with machaca because they have the best machaca I have ever had at a restaurant.  The place itself is a small hole in the wall type of place, but maintains a clean and friendly experience. Luckily this place is down the street from where I work, so whenever I want Mexican food, this is the only place I consider.
3	Had the Taco Tuesday special: 3 tacos and drink for $7.  Ground beef tacos were good, crisp shells, fresh lettuce + cheese, beef tasted great. Steady stream of customers coming in, service was fast and friendly.  Small, only 3 tables inside and a small counter with 4 seats.   6 or so tables outside in the shade with a mister going.  Clean.  Everyone was ordering the machaca, so i'll have to go back and give that a try.
3	Went back the next day with some work-friends and we all had machaca, 2 of us had chimis with rice/beans, and 1 had a burro.  Good chimi, lots of fresh guac on top.  The machaca was pretty good, maybe just a little on the salty side.  One of my friends suggested that it seemed it was cooked in chicken broth, but wasn't sure.  We all agreed that we'd put La Canasta into our regular rotation for lunch.  Service was excellent.  And again, the place looks sort of plain and freaky from the outside, but inside it's super clean.
2	Stopped in for lunch today to this, the smallest Mexican restaurant in the world except for Taco Bite!This La Canasta (of many, & much variation) seats just 17, at 3 tables plus 5 stools at a built-in counter.  It struck me as clean inside, & was fairly busy during my 11 AM visit, partly with takeout orders.  Ok Mexican pop music played, & the air temperature & lighting were about right.I ordered a #1 Lunch Special from one of the not-very-friendly staff members, which brought out a ground beef hard taco, a beef tamale, & a tostada.  This food was ok but not great, & you have to be careful how you order here, or the prices are HIGH!  That limits your lunch options a lot if you care anything about value, & rendered this place completely NOT SPECIAL.  Ok, it's better than Taco Bite!     :-OTaco, Tamale & Tostada Plate $5.99
2	Food is average. The hours are ridiculous! Its always closed????
5	Eat and you will see 8 )  The Shoppe Tacos are the Bomb & you can only get here!!!!Mike will set you up...
3	Ordered a machaca burrito at $5.19, but these guys have a different definition of machaca or cashier gave my order wrong which is unlikely since my order was the only one being cooked at the time. There was no egg in the machaca and that is what makes machaca machaca. So the burrito (normal size - I heard alot about giant tortillas) ended up to be a fairly good rendition of plain ole shredded beef with tomatoes, onions and some good charred peppers. The red sauce served on the side was not spicy, but you knew it was there if you added enough of it to the burrito. If they would have just put some egg in there could have been 4 stars, but actually the beef was too wet anyway for machacha and clearly resembled just shredded beef.
5	While all the food here is awesome, the shrimp burrito is not to be missed. Tons of shrimp, made fresh. I have a hard time ordering anything else.
4	Now that I have had two breakfast burrito's, I can honestly review this place again and say that the egg, bacon and potato burro's are quite good and reliable. The bacon is chopped into pieces and never fatty, there is no grease at all in any part of the burrito (usually on bottom), the eggs are well cooked and the red sauce (get two) really adds some gentle pop to the experience. The place blends into the industrial neighborhood, but there is one strange cardboard cutout in the parking lot consisting of a hot woman with a stroller which is bizzarre. Lots of other breakfast items here, but this burrito is in the rotation for breakfast every so often now. Not open on weekends..too bad because breakfast burrito's and AM football are a great combination.
4	Great enchilada sauce!
2	Not sure how long ago they moved but i went to the location on : 3202 South 40th Street, Phoenix, Arizona* Barg's Red Cream Soda on the fountaiun !!!! Awesome = 1 star* Machaca Chimi / Meat, excellent flavor well shredded with only one huge chunk,, = 1 star* Machaca Chimi Tortilla barely crisped on the outisde only, inside doughy from the meat = 0 star* Machaca Chimi toppings, had a Dusting of cheese :-( = 0 Star* Country Music in a mexican restaurant = -5 stars (minus 5)* order or sit down, not clear on a line process to order or go seat yourself not well orchestrated = 0 stars* CHIPS 1.50 ? Little tray of chips to munch while you wait, seriously 1.50 = 0 StarIf I go back i will try something else, but probably for TAKE OUT, so i dont leave all miserable from the depressing ass country music. Conveinent, definitely not a place to go anywhere out of your way for. Price was reasonable
2	The quick and easy breakfast burrito (that I'm accustomed to getting at the old location) was anything but that yesterday morning when I went here to grab 4 burritos for co-workers and I.It should have been a sign telling me to leave when I walked in and a woman was upset because she called in her order 20 mins prior and when she arrived they had not started it yet even though she was told on the phone it would be 10-15 mins.Considering I was ordering for more than myself (didn't want to disappoint friends when they thought they were getting La Canasta and I showed up with a breakfast jack instead), I stayed.  25+mins later my order was called out and I asked if I could have hot sauce please.  I was then told "they in there" so of course I looked and I found 2 small containers...for 4 burritos.  I'm close with my co-workers but not that close that we need to share 2 hot sauces for 4 burritos.  When I asked for me she told they charged for extra and then gave me two more (which I did not and would not have paid for).I would give this a 1 star, but nonetheless...the food is still decent.
3	Knocking a star off because of consistency, and I have concerns about their food. I ordered a meal during lunch hour when things should be fresh and got obviously old and refrigerator tasting rice, which really turned me off.  Sometimes the food is great, sometimes it's old tasting, sometimes they get your order incorrect (more often than is acceptable).Another issue is, my work semi frequently orders large orders for the entire office. They actually gave me a hard time once about getting sauce, and I only wanted enough for each meal we had bought. I figured if you order $100 worth of food at lunch, they should probably eagerly give you a sauce or 2 for each meal you paid for... but they actually tried to charge me. We mentioned that we had just placed a huge order, can't you include what we would normally get? The guy reluctantly agreed. If they are this stingy I have concerns over what they are using in the kitchen. Currently undecided about whether I will return.
2	I've been going to this place for 5 years now, mostly because it's just down the street from my job and it's basically the only Mexican Food that's close enough.  As said before by another reviewer, this place lacks consistency.  Their food is a hit or miss.  My co-workers and I always say, "Only order the burritos".  And it's because their plates tend to be really expensive and they're really not all that good. It really seems that they try to save everything, and if it's not wrapped all together, then you are going to taste the refrigerator.Another bad thing about this spot, is that their pricing is always wrong on their menus.  Literally!  Because they are in an industrial area, I can guess that their main clientelle are the people working in the surrounding office buildings and construction sites.  It is very hard to gather an office order when the people don't know how much their item really costs...
1	The worst huevos rancheros I've ever tried to eat. Two diners near me sent their lunches back, both for being cold.I just ate a little of the rice and beans and walked out. No salsa, generic hot sauce in a squeeze bottle, a dollar if you want some chips with it. I was tempted but for the fly under the saran wrap of the next bowl in line.I've seen reviews in favor and one said it can go either way. I must have hit a bad day, too bad for me to return anytime soon.
