5	my sport surgeon kicks ASS. he does try and baby me  little but its just due to safety. I had Dr Nick  Liu repair my knee I blew out racing motocross. I specifically wanted a double cadaver ACL replacement for added strength in the future(most pros told me they had blown singles,get a double ACL). He did that and my meniscus as well. I'm 13 weeks out doing jumping leg presses, lateral shuffles and really starting to run. I feel like he has done a wonderful job. early on I was over doing it and had a DVT(deep vein thrombosis) scare, he sent me immediately  for an ultrasound of my leg veins to rule out the problem. He has also treated me for whiplash, carpal tunnel and many other sport injuries. If you play hard get to know Dr. nick liu.
5	I can only give FIVE stars?????? This place deserves so many more!!  My 18 year old son fractured his fibula on Dec. 15th and was put in a splint until we got him to an orthopedist. There wasn't an orthopedist in Bullhead....Kingman,,,,Havasu  who could see him before JANUARY 9th!!!!!  RIDICULOUS!!!!  Not being happy with this, I decided to call places in Henderson and Las Vegas.  Due to the rating on YELP!, I called this office...and was able to get my son in the next day!  From the receptionist, to the x-ray tech, to the nurse who did the cast, to the doctor.......EVERYONE was top-notch professional, warm, and patient!  Dr. Bady was marvelous, and explained everything to us. After being in a splint for two weeks, my son is finally in a cast for at least the next 6 weeks on the road to recovery.  THANK YOU Advanced Orthopedics!!!  I would highly, HIGHLY recommend them!
1	If I could give a zero-star review, I'd give Dr. Randall Yee negative five stars... He was the WORST doctor I've ever seen. He wasn't even in the room talking to us for five minutes, never went through the X-rays, and  he gave snide and rude comments, with a smile on his face. He didn't even do an exam, nor was he listening to what we were saying. Quick to suggest drugs, and just move along to the next patient. The office staff was great, but this doctor was not. He had seen over ten patients in about a 20-minute time span, while we waited in the waiting room, and he was the only doctor there... Not quality care in ANY way! Do NOT waste your time and money to see this joker.
1	Wow! My appointment with Dr. Randall Yee was the worst experience I have ever had with any doctor I've seen...and I've seen quite a few over the years. He spent a total of 3 minutes with me before moving on to the next patient. I was in for severe shoulder pain, and was offered pain meds and a cortisone shot. I told him I was diabetic and have had very bad reactions to cortisone in the past...his comments were rude and snide about how I had a problem with cortisone and he didn't. They took X-rays, and the Dr. didn't say a word about them. He asked me raise my arms above my head (which I cannot do with my left arm) and that was the extent of his examination. His office staff was very nice, but this doctor is a fine example of what's wrong with our healthcare system...quantity not quality and all about the money.
5	Dr. Nick Liu & Megan Ripoll were amazing! Vanessa, the medical assistant, was awesome and very helpful as well. Everyone explained everything to me and were nice and helpful. Would definitely recommend Advance Orthopedics & Sports Medicine to everyone.
1	Dr. Yee ,in my opinion should have his medical license pulled. He was the most arrogant and uncaring doctor I have ever had. The initial meeting with him was about a minute. He presumes to know it all so he does not need your information. I should have backed off from the knee replacement then but he was recommended by someone that I thought had good judgment. He works on volume so after the surgery being in  St. Rose San Martin hospital I never saw him in the 4 days I was in there along with several patients he did that day. With his (no) care agenda this hospital was one of the worst experiences of my life. It would take too much space to tell of everything wrong but do not use this doctor or hospital, I still have nightmares and it has been over a year.
1	Otten is the worst Dr. ever. The office staff isn't all that great either! He gave me a few shots in the knee and it didn't help at all. I would NEVER recommend this office or this Dr. to anyone.
1	I had a very negative experience with Dr. Yee. I left our appointment feeling belittled and unimportant. Dr. Yee explained he could not examine me because I could not straighten my leg. He also told me he had "no idea" what was wrong. Hmmm? He offered no pain relief but referred me to the hospital next door for pain control. I told him I thought I had a meniscus tear and that I had torn my meniscus ten years ago and this felt worse. He did not respond and just kept saying he didn't know what was wrong. When he left the room, I started crying. I was in so much pain and had left my 3 year old with a friend so I could make the appointment. He said there was nothing he could do and that an MRI would take up to a week. He gave me a physical therapy referral. After he saw me crying he told me to "call my husband" so he could explain to him that MRI approval could take awhile. He told me, "This isn't an emergency, you are not dying". I knew that but I didn't know what to do in the meantime because I couldn't walk.   Luckily, I was able to get an MRI that afternoon and meet with a different surgeon a few days later. I switched surgeons right away I didn't want to be treated by someone who talked down to me.
5	I'm sad to hear bad experiences with other doctors at this location, but I had a very good experience with Dr. Kuruvilla and he came highly recommended to my friend who sustained an ankle injury just weeks before me. My injury: sprained ankleOffice: CleanFirst greeter: Was on the phone when I arrived but even after she hung up, she didn't even greet me, just called my name and gave me paperwork. (Smile, lady!!) :)X-ray tech: Such a happy and fun guy. He had me laughing and comfortable quickly. He got the job done and was probably one of the friendliest medical personnel I've ever encountered. Nurse: Also very friendly, patient (as I crutched after her) and thorough in her explanations of what she was doing, what was happening while I was there, and what I needed to do (at end of visit). Resident: Dr. Kuruvilla sent him in before he came, to give him experience, which I didn't mind. He was very friendly, careful and gave his opinion of what he believed was wrong and what would need to happen, but referred to Dr. K for the final word.Dr. K: Also very friendly, thorough, not rushed. He was patient with my questions and laid out what would happen next -- what I needed to do and when he would see me next. He was very efficient with his time. He seemed very knowledgeable and not condescending at all.I would absolutely recommend Dr. Kuruvilla and Advanced Orthopedic. I'm sorry to hear about bad experiences for others!
