5	I have received excellent service each time I visit V's. Pedicures and facial waxing are my routine. I'm really looking forward to trying the European Facial soon!!!
4	Great Pedi with a GEL Manicure that is fab!!Ali is great!!
1	Beware they do not sanitize their tools.  After they are done they put the tools back in the bag and "seal" it again so when the next customer comes in they think the tools are clean and unused.  Never coming back here again!
5	love this place. Prices are reasonable and never had a bad experience. They are gentle and very friendly.
4	I have been coming here for almost two years now and I see Kim. She is a true artist and really takes her time to get it done right. I've seen other nail techs there but Kim is the only one I really like when it comes to the end result. Everyone here is friendly and the pedicures are great! Reasonably priced too! You won't be disappointed getting your nails or feet done here!
2	My regular nail place was closed today so I took a chance with this place.  I called ahead and was told it would cost $25 for a gel manicure..Great!  They were busy and I was asked to wait a bit...no problem!  The lady that greeted me took a look at my nails, which was a dark red gel manicure, and told me she would start me in a soak.  She asked what color did I want and I replied that I wanted white tips. 30 minutes later the lady that signed in after me was called first then 10 minutes later I was called and told to soak my nails in soapy water bath.  I sat and soaked for 20 minutes while the workers worked on people that walked in with "quicky" needs.  Finally, the lady that greeted me came over and said I should have been soaking in acetone and not water...she apologized and started the acetone soak.  30 minutes later, and after I scraped off most of the old polish myself, a man started my manicure and my greeter finished it so the man could start a lady's pedicure who had been soaking her feet for 30 minutes and visibly pissed.  When she was done with me she told me that the next time I come in I need to tell them that I have old gel polish on so I can be started with the correct soak.  Really?I was relieved to finally get out of there and all ready to pay my $25 for the services.  I was told it would be $25 for the gel manicure AND $5 for the white tips!  Wow!  Really?  I know it was only $5 extra but after spending the whole afternoon there with bad customer service the extra 5 bucks seemed outrageous.I'll wait for my regular nail place in the future!
5	I have been coming here for about 9 months after another nail place ruined my nails. Jenny was honest and has been working with me to get my nails healthy and nice.  She suggest the shellac until my nails heal ,,if ever.  I like it, they are nice but not as hard as acrylic. Thank you V Nails for being honest. If you think you have an issue, over drill, too thin, white ends, go see Jenny, she is honest.
5	Another great Gel nail experience!!  See Jenny for excellent service!
5	Finally found a place to be a regular! I went on a Friday afternoon and they had enough people working to not have a wait. She took extra time to fix my dry winter nails. Their backfill includes gel and you can't beat their price! I highly recommend this place!
5	I love this place every time i come it is an amazing experience the prices are very  cheap and the last few times i have been here I only had to wait about 3-5 mins i am glad for this to be my usual nail spot
1	Told my wife 20 mins for a polish change. 35 mins later, still sitting here, running late for my Spring Training game. Unprofessional and uncool.
5	What can I possibly say about this place! If I could rate it ten stars I WOULD! First, let's start with the owner. He is such a nice gentlemen! I observed him assist a customer who walked in right before closing. The customer was such a bitch and he assisted her anyway! I couldn't believe it - he could've easily said no. The rest of the employees are so nice and professional! I have never been treated so kind at a nail salon. They won't allow you to leave their salon until they ensure you are 100% satisfied with their service. Also, I'm a germ phoebe and I will tell u this place is very clean. That's a huge plus! My favorite go to people for pedicures are Kristin & Lisa. I'm currently pregnant and they give the best foot massages! Lol. & for Nails, I love how Vince did them! So yes give them a try!
5	I have been here twice now, this is the best salon I have found in the West Valley, which is close to my work. Tina, the manager, displays amazing customer service. She was both friendly and concerned that I was satisfied with the services and happy with my manicure. Tina did a beautiful job on my nails (which I keep short, so sometimes it can be difficult to keep the manicure neat around the edges and cuticles).The salon is VERY customer service oriented and a very pleasant place to relax and treat yourself. Also, the prices are very reasonable and lower than many nail salons for the services I generally get (gel manicure and basic pedicure).
5	I have been to this salon numerous times because they do great work. They take their time to make sure you are satisfied. They work late if needed to finish the job & have the best attitude about it. They're all so friendly. Every time I've been there somebody is cleaning. I appreciate the cleanliness. Overall great service!
5	I love this place!!! I've been going here for years. They have such excellent service, friendly staff, and an overall great experience. The place is always clean and well taken care of. My nails always come out perfect!
5	Kim is great with nails! Love her! The place is always clean, everyone smiles and they greet you with professionalism like a spa should. Would recommend to all.
4	I don't do my nails very often but I chose to come here cause of the great reviews. They were very kind and helpful from the moment we walked in. I got a fill and my mother got a manicure. Very well done, clean and very professional. Tina attended us very, very well and did a great job.
5	I love coming here! From the service from the staff to the actual nail job. Not to mention the hand massage. I'm a receptionist so I'm typing at a computer all day, my hands definitely love the massage. This is the only place I go to. I always get Gel Manicure and they have a great variety. Keep it up guys:)
5	When my good friend and long time nail tech lost her husband and moved her business nearly 50 miles from me I was lost.  She herself recommend that I try V Nails & Spa.  I am so glad she did.  Tina is such a sweetheart.  I have used several other techs there when Tina is not available and have always been happy with the service and with their work.  Always pleasant,  clean and professional.   I recommend them if you live in the area.  Remember they are the shop in the shopping area by the Japanese restaurant on 99 th ave and McDowell. .... SE corner.
2	First time coming to this place & it will more likely be my LAST! I had scheduled an appointment for 3pm & when i arrived the lady said to pick my colors. This appointment was made for 2 pedis, 1 mani & a fullset so i clearly was goin to spend a decent amount. .  it took then a couple mins shy of an hour to even begin the pedis.. so somewhere around 4 & after a group of 3 walk-ins got their services first, they then began my pedi... so due to this im not happy AT ALL! Quality service or not. Dont make appointments & allow walk-ins to be helped first!!
4	This was my first time here, I came here based on Yelp reviews. I expected a wowing experience because of the reviews but I didn't have that. I went in to take my acrylic nails off, get a gel manicure and a special pedicure. The guy who did my manicure was quiet at first but then he talked and was nice and he gave me a perfect manicure and at the end a very nice arm massage but it was too short. Then I went on to do my pedicure and it was an older lady that did it, I didn't know their names because they didn't have name tags. I had been faithful for over a year to another salon who gives me awesome special pedicures but they charge $55 and here you get the special pedicure for $35. Therefore you get what you pay for, the pedicure didn't make me feel relaxed,  it seemed like she was barely trying and was talking to the other Asian lady the whole time, she was distracted.  It kind of annoyed me they spoke in their language the whole time. Willing to go back when I'm trying to save money but for quality I'll go back to my old salon.
5	I love this place! A coworker of mine recommended it to me in March and I refuse to go anywhere else. Everybody is really nice and the service and quality is excellent. Leon does better pink and white manicures than anyone I have ever been to. The deluxe pedicures are awesome and only $35!!
5	I am so excited, I do believe I have found my new nail salon! I went in yesterday (day before Thanksgiving) and while it was busy, I was able to get in pretty quick and the customer service was great!!!  It was obvious there were quite a few regulars there and there were group conversations going around the room, like a small town salon where everyone is friendly with each other.  Had a great gal do my nails, wish I had gotten her name, she had a cute Mickey Mouse mask.  She was friendly and talented, did a great job on the designs for my toes and fingers. The leg massage had great pressure which is a huge plus for me! I watched her and others taking tools in and out of the sanitizing machines and turning them back on after doing so, their sani solution was the right shade too, you need to look for dark color. I'll definitely be back!!
5	Tina was so particular and took the time to make sure my nails looked great. The entire staff was kind and welcoming, and they had a great rapport with the customers. I live in the East Valley, but next time I'm out west I will definitely be back!
