5	It's the age-old problem: new girl joins Yelp, writes a few enthusiastic reviews, then disappears off the face of the internet.  The reason why I've been MIA lately is because I haven't been going out anywhere except one specific place, and that place is Wings Edinburgh.  I was initially reluctant about writing this review because the place is seriously a hidden gem, but after three weekends in a row (told you I literally haven't been going anywhere else) I talked about it with the server and she was extremely happy for me to do so.  And Wings Edinburgh is worth the advertisement.  First, how it all happened.  See, my husband and I had heard about such a place from some mates but had never sought it out.  Then, one rugby day after one-too-many pints we decided to take an adventure and find it.  So we dragged ourselves up the hill on Victoria St. and suddenly found ourselves in front of a tiny sandwich board that just said 'Wings'.  Walk down the dark alley that when slightly intoxicated seems like a trip to Narnia (stone cold sober it feels like the middle of a slasher movie) and you'll find yourself in front of a blue door.  Enter and get ready to eat.  The premise is extremely simple.  The menu is wings, only wings, and you can choose between two dozen flavours/dry rubs/sauces.  Each bowl comes with 6 wings in the sauce/rub of your choice, you chow down and put the bones in a bucket on the table.  That's it, pure and simple.  My favourites?  No Big Dill (Caesar dressing and dill) and the Smoked Emperor (a delicious bbq sauce).  The Tiger Wings are fantastic as well.  They've got both sweet and spicy options, and you can mix-and-match whatever flavours you desire.  As for drinks, again simple.  There's about 6 different options for bottled beer, no draft.  The cheapest is Corona for 2.50.  They also do water and milk for the really spicy sauces.  As for prices, a bowl of six wings is 3 each, but on Sundays get ready: 10 for all you can eat!  All the wings your heart desires for 10 pounds.  Big plays.  Feel like a challenge?  They have a Wall of Flame.  Eat 6 wings covered in the suicide sauce and get your picture on the wall.  I had a tiny taste of the sauce and almost died.  65 people have tried the challenge and only 11 people have succeeded.  So good luck with that.  Also, starting next weekend they're starting a count of their most wing eating customers.  Wings Edinburgh is, at the moment, only open Friday, Saturday and Sunday, and you have to check the facebook page to see what time they open (two weekends ago they opened at 4, last Sunday it was 2 [seriously, wasn't joking when I said this is the only place I've been in three weeks]).  And I'm also not joking when I say the place is as simple as it gets.  The wings come in a paper bowl, there's no cutlery, and the only two people that work there are the server and the cook.  If you want a fancy dinner out on the town, this is not your place.  Going on a first date?  You'll have sauce all over your face, maybe not the best (or maybe it is, if so keep that person around they're awesome).  They only serve wings- no burgers, no chips, no salad, just wings.  But if that's what you're after, this is the place.  And it's seriously worth it.If you go look for me, I'll probably be there since I can't keep away.  This is seriously one of those hidden gems that makes Edinburgh such a fantastic city.  Next weekend head over to Victoria St. and be on the lookout for a tiny sandwich board, you won't be disappointed.(the facebook link won't work in the business website place, so here it is- click on it to find opening times and news/information)https://www.facebook.com/wings.edinburgh?ref=ts&fref=ts
5	This is what I have been waiting for!!! Finally chicken wings in Edinburgh!!I am a huge fan of chicken wings. Chicken wings and beer - what a perfect combination. I grew up Niagara Falls, Canada just a stones throw away from Buffalo, New York where 'buffalo wings' were created. In North America, it's very typical to go out for beer and wings. Or to go out and enjoy all-you-can-eat wings. This is one thing I have greatly missed since moving here and I am SO glad that this place finally exists in Edinburgh.Wings gives it to you straight up. It's just wings and beer. Oh and chips but you don't want chips - you come here for the wings. They have over 40 different flavours of sauces/dry rubs. I came on Friday night with my partner and we tried seven of the forty. It's 3 pounds for 6 wings. My favourites: Julius the Hot (caesar and Frank's red hot dressing), No big dill (dill and a white cream type dressing), and another one that was essentially a cheesy creamy cheese with FRESH* jalapenos. We also tried the a super hot flavour that's mixed with maple syrup. It was tasty. They have 'suicide' flavour - 11 people out of 65 were able to eat them. If you can handle some heat I urge you to try it out!These wings are deep fried, American, buffalo wing style. They are perfect. This is a great place to come with friends before heading out. Like Kristin C. noted below, this isn't a date spot. It's located in the basement of Mariachi's. There are two people who work here, the cook and the server. The server is Canadian and super friendly!You'll wake up the next morning and your fingers will smell like chicken wings (but that's fine). They do all-you-can-eat on Sundays for 10 pounds. Who knows I might be back today!This is my new favourite place in Edinburgh. That's all. -------*I love when restaurants use fresh jalapenos.
5	Great flavour options...Unlimited Sundays... Woot!N64 anyone?
5	I really wasn't sure what to make of this, before we went - but then loved it!It's nicer inside than I imagined, cosy with long tables. And the wings are just delicious - we tasted about seven different types and they were all great. Not ideal for a first date, I'd suggest - getting sauce all over your face isn't a great look ... but it's great - go and try it...
5	Wings. If you've seen Forrest Gump you'll remember Bubba and his shrimps.Here it is Ollie and his wings. Nice informal set up. Big tables with buckets and napkins. A menu with all varieties of wings on offer. I was enticed to go here and challenge myself. Not how many, but how hot. I started sedately with the 2 flame buffalo. Then the challenge: suicidal. I was warned by Tanja R, the waiter my wife the people on the next table and eventually the chef came out to ensure I did not make a foolish mistake. I insisted. They advised that there was a wall with previous winners (of which some are possibly to be discharged from hospital, we joked) I was presented with a bright red dish swimming in chili seeds and a sauce that by the smell of it could easily double as an industrial paint stripper. Lovingly topped with a huge Madame Jeanette or Scotch Bonnet chilipeper. I was applauded for starting this challenge by all mentioned before. They brought out milk and water. Advised NOT to rub my eyes when sweating and crying. "Bring it On!" I vaguely remember saying. 1st wing went OK. Licking my fingers. A slight heat but nothing too serious. Wing two: I bit a seed, this split... then OMFG! waves of heat, shots of hot coal and a sweet but instant fire sensation overwhelmed me. Milk.. gone. Beer.. gone. Water was offered, but that would make it worse. More milk. Looking at the bowl with the four remaining pieces and the proud but mocking Scotch Bonnet I knew I lost. I didn't care, I needed more milk. They left the full milk bottle on the table. I was unable to utter words for a little while. Sweat was pouring, my eyes welled up and yes grown man also cry. WINGS   1JUNGLEBOY 0When I found my composure. We paid and again I was encouragingly applauded. A true challenge that will have to be revisited on a later date. Far. In. The. Future.I will visit again, just because all the other wings were so nice.
3	The idea is great, don't get me wrong. All my favourite Edinburgh takeaways are based on simple ideas (see: Los Cardos, Oink, et al.) and the idea behind Wings is as simple as you like.The execution, however, is in need of work. We came round here for a cheeky couple of takeaway bowls. We opted for Tiger and Charlic.The Tiger wings were lovely, the sauce had a nice heat and great flavour. The Charlic  ones less so. They tasted okay, but there didn't seem to be any skill involved. They looked like a half-dozen wings that have been under a teaspoon of chilli flakes.... there was no garlic to note.On top of that I found our wings to be overcooked. I've had moister wings out of a Morrisons deli. It all seemed a bit conveyor belt-ish and not entirely fresh. I'll go back and give them a chance to sway my vote, after all they are impressively cheap and have an abundance of flavour options... it'll be interesting to see how different the varying 'groups' of flavours are from each other.Anyway, I'm off now to start my own, more successful venture.... I'm calling it Thighs! Mmmm.....
5	I wanted to give it more stars- darn only 5 available. This time I was able to taste more bowls of different flavours. Including new ones still in development. (like Chocolate and Chili). It was a feast. Flavours and spiciness is pretty accurate. You can find the differences in every piece. I tried about 7 flavours  tonight with the help from other Yelpers. One went for the Challenge and made the board - Wall of Flame no 23 out of 99. I am feeling less of a man now.. as Ollie (the Wing Man) pointed out - YES OLLIE I am ashamed... maybe next time I'll finish it. - Somewhere in September.. perhaps.. who knows.Wings provides to us people a service not found in any other place - they don't pretend to be anything else than what they are: a place that serves chicken wings. But they do it with flair and familiarity. Great fun and great service! Even with a big group of 18 we got all we needed served in great time and speed. A real gem in a city filled with rosettes and stars. Just be prepared to eat with your fingers as it is no place for forks.
4	YUM, YUM YUM YUM!Have I had better wings in my lifetime.. Yes, Yes I have... Have I had better wings in Edinburgh.. errr... don't think so?!? I had so much fun here, I ate here twice in about 7 days.. The guys who run the place are super chill and super friendly.. Tho sometimes you gotta wave them down to get service..  Fine dining this is not.. A great place to go with a group of friends, it most certainly IS!Bit sad they are actually no longer at this location... can't wait for them to pop up again in a new location!
4	Tasty wings!!I never thought chicken wings would excite me but after a firm recommendation from Sharon G I new I had to try!. I never knew you could get so many sauces and rubs to out on chicken!. loved this place and so glad they are moving location  to hopefully somewhere bigger!!
5	So in total 15 Stars! - Why another review update? - Because they are awesome - oh and also they reopened at a new location after depriving me of proper wings for over 2 months... at the Old Fish market Close. A brilliant location and just minutes away from where they used to be - oh the memories. Yes, they have reopened just last week. We henceforth booked a table for the hardest of hard core Yelp Wings Appreciation Society. Compromising of the one and only "Golden Cock Award" owner and fastest "Suicide Challenge" winner Mason. On arrival we noticed they had a terrace, with some nice spots overlooking the Close. On entering the building we saw the Golden Elephant - it'll makes sense when you visit - though I am still confused. Turn right and you enter into the Chefs dispensing area and take away section (I guess), which is tastefully decorated in white emulsion and red accented pieces. Turn left and you enter into the feeding cellar or cave, yes cave. It is an old holding cellar and many bow structures to support the above building. The set up is still similar to the former place, big tables,  chairs, buckets, napkins and menus. They are very much in the decorating stage but all is well! I like the Themed Tables, they could easily create a booking system based on that - "yes hello Wings here, how can I help?" "I like to book the Star Trek table please?" "Sorry that is already taken but you can book the Pinup Postcard table if you like?" .There is also a door leading to an even lower section of the Royal Mile, That is planned to be opened up in about a month or 2 and that will make Wings the biggest ever Wings Only restaurant in my living memory. Their customer service is just phenomenal. Nothing fancy just a jolly, friendly atmosphere and making sure you have a good time. Swiftly turning over the bowls you order and supplying copious amount of beers, ciders or Irn Bru. My wings that evening were Wingtastinc and the latest bowl I had with Tapps Aff & Blue Cheese gave me a Wingasm. They have no offical website (just a personal facebook page), no official phone number nor is there any guide in tourist books about them. Word of mouth has created this place to what it is. I stand by my previous reviews as they are worth every star!Dear Chef and all staff at Wings - I salute you! That you may reign long and prosper!
5	Dear Wings guys,I visited your fine dining establishment for the first time ever today, and was pleasantly surprised by the vibe of the place, as well as the minimal-ey kick-arse decoration. You helped me to my table, and came by and explained how Wings works. Under the sleepless gaze of the Wolverine, I promptly ordered the Taps-Aff chicken wings (house hot sauce) and tortilla strips, while my dining partner went for the sweet chili wings.Minutes later, you came back with our food. Wings and strips alike were served in single use plastic dishes, and we were instructed that we should throw the bones in the bucket on the table.We began eating. I bit on a tortilla chip, and it was as oily and flavoursome as they come. My 'Taps-Aff' wings were just the right amount of crunchy and hot, and had me crying like I was watching the final scene from 'Big Fish'. Needless to say there were no left-overs.I threw the last chicken wing bone in the bucket thinking that if I didn't have to go back to work, I would have gone for at least two more dozen wings dipped in all kinds of exotic sauces.I've had chicken wings a million times, and there's only so much one can do with chicken wings. Yet you entertained me, you fed me well, your posters are awesome, your toilets are clean, and you make your own tortilla chips.5 stars was the least I could give you.Yours faithfully,Nik
5	I'm not even going to get into my craving for fried chicken which is in a very sad state here in the Burgh' but Wings have filled a small crevice in that hole! They have however, filled in a totally different area of American nostalgia done correct!Crunchy morsels lathered in tantalizing dips. Our waiter was from Texas (total perfection) we understood each other perfectly. When we asked for ranch he listed off about 5 different ranch flavored dips. AMAZING. So between the 2 of us we had 3 baskets of wings, one spicy, one bbq and one of course, ranchy. We also shared a basket of chips and I ordered the deep fried cheesy tortilla thing, which I asked to be made into a flauta. Didn't quite work but was good nonetheless. This place is every stoner and chicken lovers' dream come true.
5	OK, I've been 3 times now and it's been a 5 star experience each time.It's a good ethos - do 1 thing and do it well, and I can attest that they do it well. The wings are perfectly cooked - hot and crispy - and those sauces are stunning. I've never had the same sauce twice, and I always think that I've had the best one yet until I try another one.Top tip - go with friends and share so that you get to try more flavours.Oh, and for the vegetarians, then Cheesy Changa is lovely. Don't forget to get some tortilla strips - try those with a blue cheese + hot sauce combo.
1	Are you guys serious with these reviews, I am a wing lover and was so excited to find this place, but what a let down. I thought seeing as they only serve wings they are gonna be amazing. Firstly what the hell are they doing reheating the wings, the meat is so dry , are they doing this to save time cause it took about 2 mins to get my food from when I ordered. I don't mind waiting 10 mins if it is freshly cooked, the chicken should be moist and juicy, not dry. Secondly the sauces taste like they are right out of a bottle, if the only thing they do is reheat the wings surely they have time to prepare some fresh ingredients for the sauces. Huge disappointment
3	I'm a big fan of places that choose to do one thing and do that one thing well. Wings is indeed a great idea but that doesn't mean there's not room for improvement.My main criticism would be of the "dry rub" wings. I'd always though a rub was applied to raw chicken so that the flavours permeate the meat as it cooks. This dry rub appears to be applied to the chicken wing after it was cooked delivery a flavour of raw spices. Personally I would't order any of these options again.All other portions I tried were enjoyable but there is a sense that the wings are pre-cooked, reheated and then have a pre-prepared sauce applied. I'd really prefer to see everything made fresh to order and would happily wait a little longer for my food to arrive.On the whole I enjoyed the experience and will most likely return at some point in the future.
4	If you love chicken wings then you have found your heaven!! This is the first time I have been since it has opened on New Fishmarket Close, and I have to say that the new space is much better and very quirky. The reason I have kept this at 4 stars is that although the interior is supposed to look dated I think , I am a self admitted snob. I am still a big fan and will be back. Not for the suicide challenge... crazy people !
5	I had heard about this place through my boyfriend who heard it from a classmate, and then looked it up on Yelp to ensure it was really a "wing place". After going there, this place gets 5 stars solely on the fact they only serve chicken wings, and they are amazingly delicious wings. The interior of the restaurant, if that is even the right word, is nothing fancy, which suits the food and atmosphere well. It feels like you are tucked into someone's living room with random nerdy sci-fi posters and mis-matched chairs and tables. It really feels like a college bar that serves that hot wings American's love. The lovely waitress was very helpful in checking we knew they only served wings, although a few vegetarian options, and they serve chips, I would never bring a non-meat eater here. Entirely pointless. They were fairly busy, but our wings came out pretty quickly and all were hot and looked killer! It is a very casual environment and an equally chill dining experience. They also offer the standard beer and small spirit drinks to wash down your feed.They have a good range of sauces and styles or rubs or spices for the wings, and with each sauce you get 6 wings for 3.50, served in a paper bowl, slathered in sauce. We opted for the Mardi Gras Madness, the traditional Louisiana Hot Sauce wing, the Mam Prickin Amazing, Sriracha Chipolte Wing, the Tiger Sauce (Buffalo striped smooth) and although not traditional maybe, I got the Dill-licious, maple and dill barbecue wing.All were well fried perfectly and sauced to perfection. The best was definitely the Mardi Gras madness, smothered in Franks Hot Sauce, it was the true buffalo wing I would expect. All were quite tasty and we were both madly happy. It is a no-fuss, delicious experience, where you get exactly what you expect and even a bucket to discard the remains of your wings experience. I love chicken wings and this place does not disappoint. It is definitely a group destination for lovers of all types of wings, my only hope is that one day they get teriyaki maybe!
5	Perfectly priced with a wondrously varied selection of wings. You don't get sides here just more wings. And then some more. I came here with a group of 14 for the quiz which was compiled by a funny, gruff and sarcastic scot. The atmosphere was fun and friendly, with the comic book decor adding a bit of geeky coolness. Great for groups, maybe not a first date place. The two varieties I had tonight were whiskey pepper and maple BBQ with bits of bacon. Oh and if you like to go for the ultimate challenge in spice then the suicide challenge is for you. 6 wings, a list of undisclosed ingredients and your face on the wall if you survive....I mean complete it. (My friend are two, he said he could have eaten three but his insides were melting)
5	Cannot recommend this little gem enough! The kind of place you could sit for hours, bowl after bowl of wings eaten! And reasonable enough to try several of their delicious toppings. Nicest ranch sauce I have ever tried and needless to say their sweet bbq sauce had me droooling. The star wars memorabilia also gets two thumbs up from us!
5	I LOVE WINGS! Best fried chicken wings I've had in the UK. Took my dad for his first taster last night, great service, relaxed atmosphere, cool music AND I got to try on the Chewbacca mask  I would recommend the Tiger sauce, Chalapeno and  Oh Canada sauces! I don't think I'll ever get bored of this place!
5	This place deserves more than 5 stars! An amazing little gem that you equally want to loudly rave about it but also keep it a secret to ensure you can always get a table. :). The choices for the wings toppings are great from dry rubs to tantalising sauces! My fav is the hot blue cheese sauce. Such a reasonably priced place for both food and drink. Service is great, friendly folk who all want you to have fun. Recently went on a Thursday night for their quiz, came last but such a good night with lots of laughs!
4	After a day traveling around Edinburgh, Wings was the perfect snack to fill my American wing-loving desires. Good atmosphere. They had a movie marathon going on downstairs. Service was pretty good too. I had a magner's and dancing in the bleu flame (hot bleu cheese)! I'll be coming back sooner rather than later! :)
5	"If you're a geek and like wings you should check this place out" was how my friend suggested Wings Edinburgh.I actually thought she was talking about two different places on the Royal Mile, but one day we were up there looking for a place for lunch and I saw lots of positive reviews on Yelp, so we started looking.It is kind of hidden down Old Fishmarket Close, but worth the hunt.The minute I walked in the door and saw the Star Wars Walkers humping I understood my friend's comment. Before we even sat down the Mrs was begging for a picture with the Weeping Angel in the corner.The wings we tasty. I had the Imperial Tiger which was a good hot wing.Only thing that would have made it better would have been if it had free wifi, which seems kind of a glaring omission on this shrine to geekdom.
4	Very nice laid-back eatery with pretty decent wings. Great waitstaff who are clearly enjoying their time and offer great service. I will definitely come back and often!
5	Oh. My. God. Wings!I love a good wing. Chicken wing. Buffalo wings. Wings the band. Wings the show. You give me a wing, with or without Tony Shalhoub, and I'm probably going to like it. So when I heard there was a space in Edinburgh all about wings, and I was in Edinburgh, I was a happy duck.And then I saw this space, and I think I may have exploded from true joy.This place doesn't just do wings, it does WINGS! Every type you can think of, and then some mixed in. Sauced up, dry rub, spicy as hell, flavoured to the moon, each with a funny name. You want your cheese Parmesan wings? Orden the Jean Parmesan (Jeeeeeeeeeeeeean). How about a Skywalker, a New Worlder, a Mustafar. All available.Which of course just shows how geeky this place is. But it doesn't stop there. Go inside and see the wall of nerdom leading down to the basement (filled with comics and cutouts), a giant Weeping Angel stands guard near the woman's batheroom. There's a giant Darth Vader holding a smaller Vader holding a smaller Vader holding a smaller Vader as you walk in. This place is just awesome.And of course, they have the "Wall of Flame" challenge for hot wings. So if you think you can do it, it awaits you here.The wings are tasty and cheap, the staff is weird and friendly, the space is amazing. I love this place so much. You can't spell Wings without win! ... Is that joke too awful to end on. You know what, I don't care. WINGS!
1	I'm not sure if they think they are too cool for manners but I've never had ruder service. Swearing at customers as they walk in the door is not cool. If that's what they are going for then fine. Sassy service that doesn't pull any punches can work in New York but in Edinburgh it made for an uncomfortable experience.I hope we can chalk it up to a one-off, because the venue is a marvel, menu is creative and the price is right. Just don't be a douche about it.
4	The epitome of cheap & cheerful, in a city where many new places are currently aiming for the same, particularly when it comes to avoiding crockery.Chock full of pop culture decoration this is no frills of the clean and tidy variety, with pleasant & swift service & prices to match, given that the wings I expect are always practically ready & just need your choice of sauce poured on in their paper bowl.A decent range of beers and spirits are on hand to compliment your choices from the extensive range of those sauces and generally the pricing of those is keen too.Definitely somewhere fun to head to if you're after something hot and quick but also a seat & as 3 on the scale of sauce heat wasn't anywhere near as hot as expected I need to return to progress up the levels.
5	My friend and I found this place on Yelp. I LOVE wings, but since I'm gluten intolerant, I'm always wary of them being breaded. We decided to stop in and ask them, and they let us know that they weren't breaded. Then our incredibly nice waiter brought out a specially marked menu showing all the sauces that were gluten free. SO helpful! The wings were great and the sauces were delicious! Definitely go for the MK211 sauce, it was by far our favorite! Love this place!!!
5	Good staff.Good food.Strips with cheese are brilliant. Chicken wings are tasty. Price is reasonable. Perfect place to chill out with mates.
2	I hate the taste of the fried one in this retauranr. It was really bad. Very hard to eating.
