4	The new Barnes & Noble just opened near SouthPark Mall...and it's about time.  For being an upscale mall, it was pretty depressing going into the small strip mall B&N that used to be across the street.  Of course, now you have to wander your way through the streets behind the mall to find the new two-story B&N, but it's worth it. This B&N has everything you've come to expect:  books, coffee shop, and -- my favorite -- the Bargain Bin.  I can't remember the last time I paid full price for a book.  I have a huge collection of bargain-priced books at home just waiting for me to read.  And if I ever quit working so much, maybe I'll have the time to sit down and enjoy them.  I love that B&Ns are open from 9-11 EVERY day...even on Sundays!  It's a sad rarity in Charlotte to find anything to do or anyplace open early or late on Sundays, so it's a welcome change to have this bright, new place to go.  The one thing I'm sad about that I can no longer find at B&Ns nationwide are pop-out maps for cities to which I travel.  I now have to buy them from Amazon.com.  Sigh...
4	Going to Barnes & Noble is fun for me. I like getting a latte or hot tea, picking up some magazines filled with celebrity gossip, and spending a good hour or more just relaxing.This Barnes & Noble is huge! It has many areas to sit and read...they have even expanded the sitting area by the magazines with some more comfy chairs. It is very spacious and well lit too. There is no outdoor space for the cafe, but if you get hungry they have a variety of sandwich options or there are a few tasty restaurants in the immediate area.A few months ago they used to play the worst music so I stopped going, but I found myself back again recently and the music seemed fine. They also offer complimentary Wi-Fi, so another out-of-office workspace for your leisure!Since the last review by Eric K., they have changed their hours. They stay open until 11pm only on Friday and Saturdays, Monday - Thursday from 9am-10pm, and Sundays from 9am-9pm.Go, enjoy!
5	I had to have a book that was very important to pick up in a timely manner. I called around to a few locations and it was unavailable, but I was recommended to call this Barnes & Noble location.Not only were they very nice and courteous over the phone, they pulled the book, placed my name on it, and held it at the front counter.I was literally in and out of the store in less than a minute.With service and staff like this, why go anywhere else?Thank you for the excellent service Barnes & Nobles.NCFoodGuy
4	I suppose I should review this with the amount of times I end up here browsing for something to read during work each week. I have to admit probably wouldn't have frequented this place nearly as much if the Borders across the street hadn't gone out of business, but here I am.This store and Earth Fare is usually how I end up spending my lunch breaks. Have a quick lunch at the Earth Fare cafe then head over here and pick up a book to read at the office. I'd be more inclined to curl up on one of those comfy chairs and read here while off, but it's a bit cold in here. Maybe they should turn the AC down a bit yeah?They have a really good selection at this location, but I imagine that's because the store is huge. You'll probably find what you're looking for here and if not they'll be happy to place an order and get it shipped to you. The only thing I'm sad about at this store is the fact that I have an iPad instead of a nook for reading because then I'd have an excuse to flirt with the cute guy at the nook customer service station.
3	I've had mostly good experiences with this particular location, but my one qualm comes with the way that the staff and especially the security guard seem to keep an eye on the customers in a way that makes me a tad uncomfortable.  As I'm browsing the books on any given shelf, I will often catch the security guard looking directly at me from across the store, as if I'm doing something suspicious.  I also feel like the staff sometimes get nervous when customers are spending too much time walking around the store and not sitting in either the cafeteria or the chairs.  Maybe this is the way that people who steal from bookstores act.  I don't know.  All I know is that I'm not a thief and unless the alarm goes off when I exit the store there's no reason to suspect me of anything.
3	A nice B&N with books at full retail prices. If you're looking for a recent release or you just like to browse, this is a great shop. I sure hope they sell some because I wouldn't want the same thing to happen to them that did to Borders.On two levels with a coffee shop and a few seats here and there. Free wi-fi.Parking is a bit of a pain - there just aren't that many spots!
3	I like books. I enjoy reading. I also have a Kindle...so, frankly, I don't spend too much time or money at big box book retailers. However, this B&N is pretty solid when you're gunning' for a quick coffee or need to nab a bunch of magazines! Staff are all pretty helpful and will assist you in navigating their giant selection. This is especially helpful with books for kids...I have no clue what the cool reads are these days! You'll also find a smattering of comfy chairs to grab a seat and read for a bit, enjoy your coffee or even get a bit of work done.
3	Barnes & Noble in Southpark is a great place to plop down for a few minutes and read the newspaper or a few hours and crank out a full day of work. This location isn't too busy. Nice and spread out between two levels and has a spacious coffee bar with plenty of seating. Not too much of a book reader, but its nice to chill and read a few pages, or chapters, of a book before purchase. I only file a few grievances with B&N. 1. Obviously people are coming here to free-load on your wifi. Time to look into getting some more outlets for those of us who like to charge an iPhone or MacBook. 2. Staff at coffee bar could work on being a bit more friendly. I know you don't make a specific blend of tea iced, but you can just hand me a cup of hot tea with an additional cup filled with ice and smile whilst doing so, yeah?3. Parking lot can be a land of vehicular atrocity. Good luck finding that close spot on any given day at....pretty much any time people would be at a coffee shop/bookstore. These three things never stop me from frequenting! Plenty of comfy chairs to crash on upstairs and a nice place to kill some time between meetings. Keep doing that thing you do, Barnes & Noble. You own that spot and own it well.
3	Book Stores Still Exist.  I'm Glad.I'm a recovering book geek.  I used to go to places like this and just browse and browse and buy more books than I could ever possibly read in a year.  There just weren't enough hours in the day or days in the week to read everything I wanted.  But with online buying so convenient I hadn't bought a book from a brick and mortar book store in I don't know how long.I was in the area, and I had a few hours to kill and nothing to do.  i saw this place.  It's big.  It's very big, and they have a wide variety of genres from romance novels to DIY to travel to music Dvds and everything in between.  It's big enough that each section has a lot to choose from.That was important to me because I had been looking for a good book that teaches Brazilian Portuguese.  I didn't want to just buy something online that I didn't get a chance to flip through first.  This place has a decent sized foreign language section, and I'll be doggoned if they didn't have exactly what I was looking for.  I got a beginning level language book with CD and a workbook with its own CD.  My high level of integrity forces me to say that the book was very expensive compared to what I could get from Amazon, and I'm not talking about the used marked up books with mystery stains on them.  I'm talking about a new book from Amazon would cost about 40% less.  But I think it's cheesy to go into a bookstore and browse their wide selection and then buy it on the cheap so I don't mind that I paid a little more.I could spend an afternoon in a place like this.
3	It's a big Barnes and Noble fan.  Not tons more to say other than the staff is friendly and I like the two story set up with the children's section upstairs.  As with any Barnes and Noble, I miss the feel of a small, more intimate bookstore but I do appreciate the selection.  Have to wonder about their business model though as the world gets more and more digitized.My only real complaint with this location is a convoluted parking lot and no traffic light when exiting onto a busy road.
2	Horrible customer service. The lady working the cs desk is very short and not very helpful when it comes to looking up something (maybe she doesn't know how to use a computer). From now on, I'll just find what I need myself as the staff sure doesn't know.
3	Stopped by before dropping my sister off at the airport. I love killing time in a book store. It's fun to browse the sections and skim through a few pages of books I wouldn't have normally seen since I shop on amazon for most everything in the book world. This location has limited parking, though, especially on a rainy sunday afternoon.
5	To me Barnes and Noble is one of the most relaxing places in Charlotte. It's comfortable and inviting and spending the first few minutes of every visit looking for the most comfortable chair to spend the next half hour or so in is part of the fun. Time passes quickly as there is so much to see and so much to read and every time I walk down the aisles looking for something in particular, ten other things catch my attention. Oh yeah, and the coffee.Yeah, I will be back, tomorrow most likely.
4	I've been coming here for years - some of the cafe people even know me by name. First off, the cafe staff are all excellent and always have been. I've never had problems with any drinks or food I've ordered. Minor gripe is that I wish the bakery had smaller items (I can't eat a slice of cheesecake or one of those mammoth cookies so usually will take a nut bar or something packaged) but again that's pretty minor.As for book selection, I've always been able to find everything I've needed. I have a Nook so I can read books in store (up to an hour if not paid for) but like to peruse the shelves to scan to my Goodreads app books I might want to read later, and occasionally will buy a hardcopy since the B&N discount does not apply to electronic books. Younger staff is great if I need help - older staff, not always quite as friendly (almost feels like I'm dealing with scornful librarians from grade school when I talk to them). Otherwise, great store and love coming here.
3	My favorite place to come for "dinner."  The cafe staff are really friendly.  The parking is a bit tricky and it fills up quickly, but usually you can find a space.The only real downside of this place is that there is a guy who might live upstairs.  Every single time I go there, he is just sitting up in the back corner, reading.  Usually he's wearing the same plaid flannel shirt.  He seems friendly and if you start looking at the running books too long, he will attempt to assist you.  Actually, he makes me feel a little uncomfortable, and usually if I need a book from that section, I make a game plan to go in, grab it, and get out as quickly as possible.  Seriously, he is always there.
4	Not the easiest place to find a parking spot.  But quite nice once inside.  Its 2 stories so there's plenty of selection to be had.  A very pleasant coffee bar with wonderful teas and pastries as well.All in all a great place to kill some time or buy a book.
3	I find it very ironic that the front display at a bookstore is e-readers. Although the multiple varieties of Nooks greeted me at the door, I needed an ink and paper book for this trip. Maybe I missed the directory, but I didn't notice one when I came in, and it took me several minutes to realize that the section I needed was upstairs. I was not able to locate my book, so I went to the nearest kiosk to search for it... it was not working. I moved to the next one... it froze while I was searching. Third time was a charm, and I was able to determine that the book I needed was out of stock. (Which I do not hold against them, it was a textbook the size of Montana and they probably only carry one copy at a time.) Bookless, I swung by Starbucks to grab some caffeine before class- it was a Double Points day! However, I found out that their Starbucks does not accept Starbucks cards. (I mean I bought coffee anyway, of course.)This was not all-in-all a bad visit, even though I walked out with no book and no Starbucks points. But as rarely as I walk into a bookstore, there is something very nostalgic about them. They are becoming less necessary, but I don't want to see them disappear either.
1	I special ordered a 2014 calendar from this store and they never called me to tell me it was not available or anything. Once again, horrible customer service!
5	I love how big this barnes and nobles is! I was able to find everything quickly and employees were available of I needed it. I am see myself spending a lot of time here even if it's just to grab a coffee at the cafe. Of you're a b&n member you get a discount on Starbucks coffee too! Absolute plus.
3	This store is ridiculous. They need to hire way more people. I was upstairs trying to find an employee to help for what it seemed as if it took donkey's years. I finally managed to locate someone who happen to be on the phone with someone else, for which I had to wait at least 15 minutes until I was helped. Customer service is a disaster. However the ambience/atmosphere is enjoyable.
3	Considering I do the majority of my shopping online... it is a little refreshing to go to B&N to actually feel books in your hands and turn actual pages.  It's a little sad really since I remember a time when there used to be more B&N stores in the Charlotte area.  It is crazy how things have changed.This location is pretty convenient to the South Park area.  The parking lot can be a pain-in-the-butt (but usually the problem is that people can't drive).  I once witnessed two ladies almost get into a brawl over a parking space - spoiler alert, the lady that put her car in the space first won and then proceeded to run into the store away from the other crazy lady that was claiming that space as her own - very loudly.... like through the glass of the store loudly (I was upstairs on the 2nd floor looking out of the window).Aside from a sometimes lack of parking spaces, the store is kept neat and proper, like most megabook stores are.  I am surprised there is still a movie/dvd/blu ray section since everyone seems to be streaming their entertainment now-a-days.I have been impressed with B&N's selection of board games.  A good mix of Euro games and the traditional... makes for good presents.  Overall, this place is great if you can't wait for 2-day shipping... but gone are the days when I used to hang out at stores like this for hours on end.
3	As a whole, I love Barnes and Noble. I love their big, plush chairs. I love their aisles and aisles of books. I love that I can get a coffee and bum around here for a while. This particular location though, I'm not so crazy about. I like the layout (although it's not terrible efficient). It looks really neat, has two escalators - which I without a doubt ride at least 6 times on each visit. It's very trendy looking, but the employees aren't terribly friendly.  I went to the upstairs staff desk today to look for the new Post Secret book (nerd alert. Big time) the lady was on the phone, but didn't even look at me. She looked past me, she huffed and puffed about the trouble she was having with the other customer, but didn't even acknowledge me.  I wound up going downstairs where one lady worked pretty hard to find my book (they had 8 in the store, but no one knew where they were).  This location is just "ok". Won't stop me from coming back, but I never expect much. Oh! And I completely agree with the parking trouble that other Yelpers have... Good luck.
1	The experience of shopping in this store, and interacting with their representatives on the floor, is the epitome of why Amazon is so successful.  Not only did they not have a book that was extensively distributed, but never offered another possibility of making the sale (I.E. Offering to see if it was at another store or could be shipped to my home). I would only recommend this store to someone seeking exasperated and shirt-tempered employees. What a complete waste of time.
