5	"LImelight" is handsdown the best new  show in Las Vegas, and one of the best shows I've seen here in years.  I watched it  shortly after it opened, and going in I was a bit sceptical about how they were going to pull off a 1920s/30s themed musical in this day and age.   Rest assured, they not only pull it off..... they are spectacular!!  The characters are fun, funny and memorable.  The music is so catchy you'll find yourself singing/whistling/humming the show tunes the rest of the week.  The story line is fun and holds your attention from beginning to end.  Finally, the dancers, which are naturally  the heart of the show, are amazingly talented, stunningly beautiful, and down right charming!  Weather your a local or in town to visit or on busness, don't miss this limted engagement show... You won't regret it.... it's an evening of music, dance, fun and  you won't soon forget!
5	Broadway finally meets Vegas! A must see show!!! Sexy burlesque dancers, an amazing talented singer and a broadway male lead performer!! A must see show!!!
5	I've seen this show a few times, and love the theme, the energy and the humor.  A good cabaret show has to have all three and this adorable show does.  The cast is top notch, the direction and choreography is fresh and makes the show unique, the venue is perfect for the launch of this show.... vintage Vegas, and easy to get to, park and enjoy the evening out ... highly recommend for locals because I am a real big fan of the new downtown... This is a must see!
5	If you want to be entertained by a show full of gorgeous talented dancers, creative and original choreography, wild and fun characters, comedy, singing and batoning!!.. Then this is your show! Of course it is!! Who wouldn't want to see all those things combined?! It's raw and true talent! Love it!!
5	This show is high energy from start to finish. It's sensual as it is clever. The simple props serve to highlight the talented cast of dancers. This is a solid and very entertaining show.
