1	In my opinion i do not recommend this restaurant to nobody!! It took 1 hour before I get my pupusas!!! I ordered only 3.... Not efficient employees!!!
4	Viva Elvis , viva Zapata, viva Arepas, viva Mercado, viva Michoacan ...so many vivas are popping up in viva Las Vegas and so many pupuserias but I'm not complaining, we need more options beside those fast food restaurants that only make you miserably fat, we need instead more places that make us happily voluminous.  Enter...Viva El Salvador pupuseria restaurant. Here you can find many Salvadorian dishes but like all Salvadorian restaurants pupusas are the main star of the show, thick corn tortillas filled with your choice of ingredients like chicharron (pork) frijoles,(beans) queso (cheese) or revueltas (mixed) covered with curtido (pickled cabbage slaw) and tomato sauce. The good thing about ordering pupusas is that you can order only the amount you want, for me usually two are enough but it all depends on how fluffy you are, also don't forget to order some to go or you'll be wishing you did.Service is good, order at the counter, find a table and they'll bring the food to you.Place is clean and very affordable. I can't tell you that this are the best pupusas in town but I can tell you that they are very good and I'll be stacking on pupusas every time I'm in the area.......I give this place 4 stars, although everything here is made from scratch, it could be a little bit faster!  Viva Yelp for showing me the way to this pupuseria!
3	I live in the area and have had my eye on this place, stopped by on my way out of town for lunch with my BF. Ordered the carne guisada plate and 2 pupusas (pork and shrimp). One other customer present when we ordered, waiting for takeout. Wait was a little long, all was made to order right behind the register at an exceptionally slow pace- 20 minutes for the two of us. I doubt their ability to handle more than a small family ordering at once.Pupusas (which they're apparently known for) were bland and had little to no meat evidenced in the flavor or composition of the pupusas. Disappointed.Carne guisada though, I haven't seen on a menu since I left Texas! Here it's made with stewed tomatoes, which is a little different than the gravy sauce I am more accustomed to but very tasty and seemed authentic. Rice was moist and flavorful, beans were downright velvety! Plate was served with additional plain pupusas instead of tortillas as menu stated, bf thought they were overly thick and tasteless.Props for having one of my favorite dishes on the menu. Underwhelmed with service speed and lack of understanding the English language- cashier should be able to successfully greet patrons and take an order in language of this community not just  the one the food is from.
4	I came here with my mom and the lady who served us was nice and attentive, we had pupusas and they were really good and cheap. Nice place.
2	Good customer service but found bones in my pupusas. Not cool. Good thing I wasnt feeding them to a child.
