3	BBQ is SO subjective.. we all know how so many fight and argue over who makes the best q.. I have to say its certainly not El Paso. While its not horrible or anything like that its just average. The BBQ sauces at the table are pretty good as I do prefer a sweeter tangy type.. this fits the bill perfectly. The prices have gone up in recent months due to inflation but the quality still seems to be good enough. However this f-ing NO TOMATO bullshit is starting to piss me off. How can I enjoy my Chicken Club with no f-ing tomatoes? 228 across the nation have gotten sick and EVERYONE pulls them off the shelves? I hate media hype and bullshit!I'm done ranting!
2	I like to call this place El-Sucko.  I'm sorry, no matter your place of origin this place just flat out sucks.  The waitress was very friendly and hence the two star rating.
5	When I lived here eight years ago, El Paso was the don when it came to pork ribs....I still use it as my standard. I'm constantly looking for the best ribs in America. "I've got to stand for something!"  I've been to Kansas City and Memphis but I still come back to El Paso. Until I get proven otherwise, it's still my #1.The ribs are the "fall off the bone" variety. And what I like about El Paso is their ribs "glisten!" Great word, huh!  Some rib places bake them or grill them and then slather them with sauce just before they serve it. Now there are some styles of ribs that use rubs which usually don't have sauces, but if you're looking for the glistening kind, then try El Paso.I don't work there and can't tell you their exact methods but if you're looking for great ribs, El Paso is the place. Now...since I've moved back to Scottsdale, yes their prices have gone up and  I noticed their portions aren't as big, but they're still the best I've had. There are a couple of places in town that are very close. Look for their reviews on my profile. El Paso isn't usually filled so the food usually gets to you fairly quickly and I like their jalopena corn bread as well. Not as good as Boston Market's but good. It's got a slightly sweet outside texture and warm inside, great with butter! mmmmm
3	It's been mentioned in another review of this joint that BBQ is very subjective, but here, not a factor. It's not bad. In fact, it's a nice place to go for dinner. Nobody will argue subjectivity here, the BBQ is mediocre at best. And, as I told one of our companions, I make a better BBQ brisket than they do. And mine's not great by any stretch of the imagination. Their brisket is tasty, but there is no smoky flavor, and no smoke ring. More like a good beefy pot roast than a BBQ Brisket. The sides are good. Cole slaw, beans (very good!), potato salad and Sweet Potato fries (also, very, very good. But needed a bit more salt.) Again, while it's not a great BBQ restaurant, it is a very good restaurant.
4	El Paso currently has some recession specials that lower the price of several entrees. I got the brisket platter for $9 (reg. $13) and it was plenty of food for a good price. The brisket was juicy while hot, although when it cools it gets drier. I should eat faster next time! The brisket also had a very dark pink smoke ring and good smoky flavor. the bbq sauces are good but nothing special. The platters come with 2 side dishes and I was pleasantly surprised that the veggies were not boiled to death. The carrot strips were just the right tenderness and sweet, and the broccoli was slightly crunchy. My other side dish was the sweet potato fries. They were good and went well with the BBQ sauce.For the price, I'd definitely go back to try some of their other meats.Side note - I don't know why, but all of the tables around us were filled with elderly people. Does El Paso put coupons in AARP magazines?
4	I went to the North Scottsdale location with some family, and everybody got their grub on. Some of the best BBQ I've had in a long while. Not sure if it's better than Texas Smokehouse in SJ, but pretty darn close. I had the El Paso rib combo which was 1/2 a slab of Baby Backs & 1/2 a slab of St. Louis style, both were very, very good. My wife had the triple combo (chicken, pulled pork, & beef brisket). I sampled ;) the pulled pork & brisket. The PP was excellent, esp. slathered in their spicy BBQ sauce. The brisket was OK, it was cut a little too thin for my taste. My mom had a burger, and she loved it. Which is actually a big compliment, because she hates eating out. All the sides I tried were eXcellent: cowboy beans, steak fries, sweet potato fries, & coleslaw. The price was pretty typical for BBQ places, 5 people ate for under $90, and that included an appetizer (spinach dip, yum!) and a couple of blended drinks. All in all a great experience. I def. want to go back before I leave town..
4	I see a lot people complaining about the meat here, but I'm a vegetarian so I can't speak for that. However, they do have the best onion rings and ranch around. I also find their grilled cheese sandwiches and steak fries with ranch quite good. They also get props for serving Pepsi products.
