3	I've heard of this famous Tim Hortons and have received a canister of "Ground up" coffee everytime from my brother in law so I decided to walk in on my visit to Montreal and see what's up with the hype - because they are opening several locations in NYC. Anyway - the best way to describe the whole franchise is Canadian Dunkin Donuts. My best friend ordered an iced coffee and I ordered a small cup of hot coffee. They put the milk and sugar in themselves for you, which is not always a good thing because my friend's iced coffee came out so pale - it makes white walls jealous. But when he asked them to put a bit more coffee in it, they put a dash in. Seriously, they have so much around, they could have put a bit more. Overall, they were friendly, the coffee was pretty good and the doughnuts we ate (I had a blueberry - my friend the special) were really tasty. We went back the next day for more. I bought the lime doughnut and it had nice texture with the crunchies on it. The prices are very reasonable and you can buy canisters of coffee to go. But the one thing that gets me is the hesitant cashiers who seemed fearful of us. I asked to see a thermos they had on display behind the counter and they pulled it down and help it in their hand for me to look at, but I couldn't touch it. Seriously, I wouldn't have stolen it, but she treated me like I was going to pilfer it and run out the store with it. Needless to say, cause she opened it and held it up and acted all Vanna White with it I was turned off of buying the Thermos with Tim Horton's logo on it. Saved me $20. I'd go back again to grab a quick cup next time I'm in Montreal.
3	You can't walk/drive/pedal around MTL without spotting a Tim Horton's. Also, my friend swears by Timmy Ho's so I had to give it a try.Now I was pretty full from a few beavertails, and couple orders of poutine only a few hours prior so this was now just verging on gluttonyShe got me an iced cap (iced cappuccino) and some sort of a donut pastry thing which I can't recall the name for the life of me. The iced cap was good, rich with a decent coffee punch, but a bit too frothy for my liking. She said they're not usually as frothy so I might have just gotten a bad batch. The donut was absolute yums, very light and airy, not overly sweetened.Oh and everything was dirt cheap too. I wish I had been hungrier so I could've tried more things.
1	The following review as a warning to all tourists;This is NOT the Tim Hortons you've heard so much about from your friends, read about in books, and dreamt about as you sit in your Duncan Donuts.  And even if I myself am not a huge fan of Tim Hortons, they generally rank at about three stars in my opinion.This particular location is not representative of the chain as a whole. It's dirty, the service is rude, the bathrooms are filthy, and it is a hangout for some very peculiar folk.
3	I always forget this location is here... or maybe I just ignore it. In any case, it's a pretty adequate Tim's, maybe a little nicer than others. Besides that, there's really bit much else to say. You know the menu, you know the setting. Get you bagel, get your coffee and that's that.
