4	I'm not going to get into a discussion about authenticity...in Las Vegas, that point is moot. Maybe some view going to an Irish pub anywhere outside of Ireland as a lame attempt to claim membership in the IRA, but I don't. What I want is a place that knows how to pull a pint of Guinness properly (it requires a proprietary delivery system that keeps the lines clean) and for God's sake, be able to cook a potato. McMullans does both of these things admirably, and I have become a semi-regular. Put it another way, when I am going for a pint, I'm going to McMullans. The service issue, I have only encountered once...and I was in a "snug" which is an enclosed table, sort of in its own little room. I had to go out and tell the bartender to send a waitress in. No big deal. McMullans has a lot of those snugs, and I would imagine some people feel overlooked...speaking for myself, that's why I go there. Sometimes I conduct business in those snugs(I work with musicians) and they are private, and, er...snug. So, the Guinness is correct, they actually have more than just the 2 standard Irish whiskeys, which is nice for a change, and as to the spuds, they serve a big plate of fresh cut potato chips (in the American sense of the word) with Marie Rose sauce for dipping, which are proof enough.  They're perfect for snacking while drinking, but they also serve really great Fish and Chips(in the Irish sense of the word), stew, corned beef and cabbage, the usual suspects. Great latenight breakfasts, too...a Las Vegas staple. The Irish breakfast has made me reconsider beans as a breakfast food, and I think I am better for it.  The only thing I have had there that I was not 100% happy with was the corned beef and cabbage, and that's just probably because it was different than Grandma's, which is a problem I have at Italian restaurants too.  It was still delicious, but...different. I've gone there late for a pint or two, to meet prospective clients, and I've gone for dinner...I particularly like Tuesday night, which is Pub Quiz night. That is one of those things that gets everyone in the pub feeling like they are all hanging out together, and is really all  the authenticity I need in an Irish pub. Now, if there was more singing, that would be about as close as you could come without getting on a plane.
3	I've been here a couple times in groups and I've never been really impressed.  The way the interior is set up is odd; I don't like where the bands have to set up and feel far too close when they're playing.  Service can be slow.There's just nothing fun or authentic about it.  It's like someone got their own 'Grow Your Own Pub!' kit, planted a few seeds, sang it some U2 and sprinkled it with Guinness and - lo and behold! - out grew a generic Irish pub!Additional star for, despite all this, being a fun place to do the Great Guinness toast although I'm sure it could have been more fun in another venue.
3	You are not going to get a traditional Irish pub in Vegas, it's just not going to happen. That would be like saying that the Venetian makes you feel just like you are floating down a canal in Italy or that the New York New York is The Big Apple of your eye. Hell, if this were true we could all just flock to Vegas and come home saying we traveled the world...and save a lot on airfare in the process. No, this is not a possibility. What you get in Vegas are suggestions and small glimpses of places that actually exist, done up in bright lights with a dash of tacky and a facade of what the real thing might slightly resemble. The farther away from the strip that you get, the less inherent these qualities are, so, since it is a bit out of the way, McMullan's is not a bad rendition of an Irish Pub. They pour a good Guinness, are one of the few places that carries Magners in Vegas, and many of their menu items are traditional pub fare. They, however, seem to be, like many establishments in Vegas, trying too hard and overdoing it a bit. Nice switch from the glitter and glam of the strip, priced more local friendly, and a variety of bands most every night of the week. Not a bad place, but if you want a true Irish pub Ireland would be a good place to look.
5	McMullans is awesome. I really like everything about this place. The staff is very friendly. The food is great. The Beer selection is good, with alot of imports as well as my favorite Miller Lite...:) They make fun of me for ordering Miller Lite in an Irish pub, but I get a Guinness from time to time...to mix it up.  Tuesday night pub trivia is alot of fun. This is my favorite Irish pub in town, plus I can avoid the whole strip to get to it. Too many pubs are in the hotels....McMullans is a much better option.
4	The chips are awesome - order the chips! ORDER THE CHIPS!
4	I was whisked here right from the airport upon my arrival.  I was tired, hungry, and grouchy and prepared to hate any place that didn't involve sleeping.  I ended up sharing some fantastic potato chip nachos with my friends, and meeting some new friends, too.  Decent beer selection, and I suppose in Vegas it's normal to have so many video poker machines in the bar that you can't set down a drink.
4	I've only eaten here once.  It was an interesting spot for the restaurant, hidden away among a facade that did not strike me as an Irish pub/restaurant.  However, once you step inside it is obvious what this place is.  It is very charming and almost makes me want to purchase a pint right there.  I do my best to stop the urge.The seating is odd; we are taken off to another room that I must admit is much nicer to sit in than the bar area.  As the band was showing up right as we were leaving, I could see it getting quite loud in the bar area but could be not nearly as bad in the back room.I wasn't that hungry to begin with but one look down the menu had me ordering Beef Stew w/ Guiness.  I was thinking soup more than stew for some reason so when a huge bowl was served to me, I was taken aback.  Had I been hungrier, I would've eaten much more, but instead my companion was asking me if I was gonna eat that.  That was a first!I didn't partake in the alcohol consumption here (saved my money for Casino Royale) but the choices seemed plentiful and the bar would be fun when a band is there.  The cost is reasonable and you get what you pay for.  I'll be coming back, hopefully sooner than later.
4	As an Irish person living in Vegas, it saddened me to see no "Irish" pubs in Vegas when i moved here and then in the space of 3 years we had 5 and now there are 10 so called Irish pubs.All i can say is that in my opinion there are only 3 Irish pubs worth visiting in Vegas where you :a) don't get ripped offb) get good servicec) get good foodd) get a good pint of plain.Mc Mullans is one of these establishments.  The staff are very friendly and the food is great.. (Irish nachos.. mmmmm). The Pint is great and so is the price.  Live music during the week is great as well.Soccer and Rugby is shown here as well in the area in the back which is great when you get a crowd.  (it has its own bar so no need to go far to get a pint during that nail biting game)The biggest thing though that makes an Irish Pub is not the decor nor the selection of drink nor food. It is simply the staff and owners.  In this day and age where more LLCs and Corps own bars its a refreshing change to see Lynn and Brian (the owners) serving food or walking around greeting customers.  I have NOT come across that anywhere else in Vegas.So if your after a great Irish pub, Give theses guys a shout.Oh !!!! don't get confused with the Irish bar in the Orleans hotel and casino, (which is crap) Mc Mullans is beside the Orleans Hotel.
5	If you are looking for a place to meet up with friends, then run, don't walk, to McMullan's Irish Pub. Maybe I was high from winning $50 on bingo earlier that night (HUGE winnings from someone who usually gambles about $1 per Vegas trip, on penny slots no less), but I was really taken with this little gem of a place. It's such a well-hidden secret that I'm guessing the only the locals go here, but once you step inside, you will be transported to the Emerald Isle. The pub is run by an Irish gent, and hey, my waitress was Irish too, so there are some authenticity points. I played a show on this particular evening and the crowd was enthusiastic, polite, and focused on the music. (I guess my expectations were that of playing to a bunch of rowdy footballers (so maybe the pub is not THAT authentic). I sold some cds, met some new fans, and sat back to watch the headlining band Darby O'Gill and the Little People. Things got particularly raunchy when they covered "Baby It's Cold Outside". I mean, hey, they also play a song called "Got So Drunk I Crapped Myself" and have an album called "Christmas Songs for drunken Athiests" , so you kind of know what you're in for. Darby O'Gill is the house band...make sure you get there on a Wednesday night to check them out. What to order: Guiness, a Veggie Burger, and Mashed Potatoes (w/ a sprig of Rosemary).
5	How many times have I've been a drunken here? More. then i've got fingers. The atmosphere is small, and social.Drink. and be merry.Also for all those newbies who move here.. This is a good place to see what locals do. Especially after work. :) oh and check out what they do on the nightly basis. I don't participate but it's all gravy.And did i mention i've been drunk! But no experience bad. :)
5	This is my four day review of McMullan's Irish Pub. Just to qualify, I flew from Orlando Florida to Las Vegas just to spend four days in this specific Irish Pub. I may be a bit biased.The pub has three distinct sections. At one end is a bar with video poker machines. These are the multi-denominational multi game machines so you have choices. The bar also has a lot of promotions such as a free spin for prizes for every four of a kind you hit. Smoking is permitted in this room - picture old vegas and you get the picture. The middle section is more like a traditional Irish Pub - no gaming and lots of private seating for meals. Of course the Guinness is a proper poor - no sense reviewing an Irish pub that can't do that. The back is another bar that is mostly for private events and the like. It's got a full bar and plenty of room for a decent get together.The Shepherd's Pie is wonderful as is the Farmhouse Irish Breakfast. (Before you ask - white and black pudding is sausage) The service is great and personable 24 hours a day.We got in at 1:30am Christmas Morning and headed to McMullan's right after checking into the hotel. A night cap of a couple of Guinness while we watched the marathon of A Christmas Story on TV. After catching a few winks we were back again for Christmas breakfast of a few more Guinness and Corned Beef Hash and Eggs - wonderful.We repeated this similar pattern until the 27th when we came back for a private party. The service for our party was fantastic! My wife made all of the arrangements and said that Brian McMullan was wonderful to work with.All in All I'm pretty stingy with my five star reviews. This place is definately worth every star.
5	this is the first time I've been in an Irish pub or have had Irish food...and i absolutely love it..we weren't planning on having dinner here..we just saw that there was not wait for a table...so we stepped in....i'm not a huge beer drinker but my sisters are..and they loved it...our waiter even had a thick irish accent..so freaking adorable...but the food was absolutely fabulous...i had the braised beef and my sisters had the pork tenderloin....we basically licked the plate...this will definitely be one of the "have to go to" places in vegas
5	In my humble and somewhat besotted opinion the McMullan family run the single best Irish pub in Las Vegas.  Unlike the vast majority of bars in town, this is not a corporate operation run by MBAs from afar.  Instead, the eponymous McMullans are there every day.  Furthermore, they are extremely involved in the community.  Their "St. Baldrick's" charity drive raises donations in six figures for children with cancer every year.  McMullan's Pub features all the beverages that you would expect in an Irish joint with the food being a definite step above usual bar fare. (I'm partial to the fish & chips, myself.)  However, the social experience, good music and the "craic" is what you go for here and you get a full heaping serving of it on every visit.
4	Chill atmosphere, good Irish nachos. Looks like they deliver some other good eats here, but I didn't stay long enough to find out.Close to the Orleans, like reallllly close.Has this off-the-strip authenticity that is a welcome escape from the usual glitz and shine of the other bars in Las Vegas.And this is what you would call a short review. :)
5	We recently had our wedding reception in the private room at McMullan's.  It was outstanding.  The staff was friendly and helpful.  The food was delicious.  Best of all, the prices were soooo reasonable.  Our budget was tiny but we were able to have a full dinner including an open bar for our guests!Brian, the owner, stopped in to make sure that our party was going well and that everything was to our liking.I picked McMullan's off Yelp and I'm sooo glad we did.They went out of their way to make sure that everything was perfect, including creating a makeshift cake stand for my wedding cake.We had the irish sausage rolls which were phenomenal, as well as stuffed mushrooms, chicken pot pie and the fish and chips.  HIGHLY recommend the fish and chips.My only complaint was that the main entrees weren't served at the same time so people gobbled up the fish and chips in 2 seconds and some people had to wait 10 minutes before the next entree came out.  That could have been timed a little better so that everyone could have gotten some of everything instead of it being staggered so much.All in all though, I highly highly highly recommend McMullan's.
3	Come here, but not on St. Patrick's day. $20 to get in- even if you aren't going to the concert in the back? That's insane!! But I enjoyed the corned beef and cabbage and the fries I stole off of my sister's plate. I love the irish decor- especially the flags. And one of the waiter's recommended something called a Black Lion or something. It's a beer, but I really did forget the name.
4	I really like McMullan's Irish Pub.  The owner is actually Irish and it is not some chain bar, which I appreciate.  They are very open to working with charity groups to benefit their causes and the decor is excellent and authentic.  My boyfriend wanted me to give McMullan's 5 stars because he absolutely adores the food, but I had some so-so curry their once and it can be a bit pricey, but this is Vegas and I suppose that everywhere is like that... you always meet great people at this bar and it is a festive place to hang out with old friends and new.  On Sundays they have live Irish music and it's cool :)
5	This place is freakin' fantastic! Definitely one of my favorite places to go when in Vegas. It has atmosphere, good food, and great brews of all kinds. PLUS if you're a Bushmills fan they have the 21 yr. on hand.
4	Top of the Mornin'Popped in over the weekend while looking for a place to eat, our group wanted to eat at Capo's but we didn't know you have to make reservations in advanced, cause it sells out. Our group sneaked in this quite retreat and enjoyed our time away from the hustle and buss ell of Vegas. The atmosphere is very chill, and relaxing. We talked with some other tourist and had a friendly conversation.  We ordered a fish and chip happy hour snack for $2.99 and was happy with the food quality. Our bartender lady was nice and recommended a great place for Italian food.
5	I was invited to eat here by a cute boy that I had met that same night. The irish nachos were tasty, the ambience was chill, as it was super late in the evening, the company amazing. Five starts, no question.
5	Shepards pie was amazing.  Fish & Chips are pure money and definately start with the warm curry and chips.  Our waitress was Irish which really added to the ambiance.  The only caution I give you is that the Guinness is as close to fresh as I have tasted this side of the Atlantic, and they go down very easy.  A few nights they have live authentic Irish folk music.  We went twice in the 4 days we were in Vegas.
4	Try the Irish Stew - ridiculously good and hella hearty.
3	Great place to grab lunch. I love the Irish Reuben and homemade potato chips. Prices are reasonable and service is friendly.
3	God love the Irish. I sure do. Once you are punched in the face by an O'malley or O'grady or a Shamus you are a part of the Gaelic clan. The good thing about that is that all you need to do is spend about 15 minutes in the right Irish pub and it will happen.  The Irish hold their booze as well as a no armed man carrying an anvil. God bless them they try, but a thimble of alcohol and it is a whole different person.McMullans is not that kind of pub, mores the pity, it is an upscale Irish pub for the after work crowd frequents.  It is for those uppity Irish, and friends of the Gaelic clan, who will drink good beer, eat good food, watch sports on tv and curse the Queen.  A couple of those monarchists came in once...in most Irish pubs they would have downed them in a barrel of old Guiness...here...it was more the sissy slap version...they got some foam in their beer. That will teach them!!McMullan's pub was once the best Irish pub in Las Vegas and one of my all time favorites. A place where a man can get a good pint, good food, friendly service and watch your favorite Wessex League Premier Division team play. Oh those were the days. I cried so hard when Andover New Street lost to Ringwood Town. Thankfully I had a sympathetic bartender to comfort me. She was great.Sadly in the last few months some of the best bartenders have left, one pretty lass in particular, and the new staff isn't as nice. The old staff would buy a loyal patron a beer, comp a beer or a shot, discount the bill, or something. That 4 buck beer bought a lot more beers in return. The new staff doesn't care how often you show up, they aren't as nice and now it is run more like a TGI Fridays then a neighborhood pub.The food is great. They have the best fish and chips in Las Vegas. They have amazing happy hour specials...and the best is the Irish Nachos. They are AMAZING! The half plate is bigger than an Irishman's head...and we all know how big that is...remember Teddy Kennedy...er..ah...I can't get this football helmet off my...er ah...enormous red head....now THAT is a Ted Kennedy impression. I want to give this a 5 star review...and a year ago I would have RAVED about the place. Sadly it isn't the same. It is good, but it isn't the same. I have been there over a hundred times. I have been there at ALL times of the day and night. Few people know the place better than me...and to the first timer or the casual client the place will seem great. To us old timers...we can see the writing on the wall. They might change, I hope so...if not...I am going to start spending my time at the another Irish pub in Las Vegas.
4	Great pub with good food too.Tuesday night is pub quiz night.  Several people from the office stop by almost weekly.Fish and chips are delicious as is the shepherd's pie, steak and mushroom pie, and curry pie.  Service is good and attentive, though can be sluggish when they're busy.As one of the other reviewers said it doesn't really have a quaint neighborhood pub feel to it but it's still a great place to hang out and have a pint with friends.
4	This place is great!  Good for early morning drinking because their screwdrivers are the best.  They squeeze fresh orange juice right at the bar...yum!  Very friendly staff as well, check this place out!
5	After a rough night out I went here to chill.  I tend to prefer bars and pubs over clubs and have a much better success rate or just a good time when I'm not on the prowl.  Besides it's open 24 hrs and is off the main drag if you like being away from the crowds.  I highly recommend it!
3	As with all good Las Vegas bars you should never be judged by your 8pm to 2pm hours...no...you need to know where the real drunks go. The hopeless helpless bastards that stare longingly into drink and remember the better days, the happier times, the girl in Bangcock who did something to their anus they never thought they would like...and now they can't find anyone to do again. So, a few weeks ago while back out west on...um...well...let's call it business...I was in the bar at 4:30am and stated until about noon. The perfect time to be in a great bar. With Mcmullan's it was more of the same...some great...some not so great. Great...the overnight bartenders are way better than the prissy little punks who work during the day...one in particular who worries more about his hair than anything else. Great...the food is excellent for a pub at any time of day or night, and quite frankly...it was better at 5am. Of course I was coming down off of paint fumes, gas fumes, turpentine and a pill someone told me would turn me into a donkey, but all i kept seeing was Buddy Epson everywhere. Strange. Great...amazing soccer matches were on and the fans seemed really fanatical to be there at 5am watching their teams. The bad...the music is horrible beyond horrible. It is a tape, I guess, and it is all bad from start to finish. The Irish are known for bad music...Bono, Riverdancers, Charlotte Church, etc... but this is America...we love good bar music! The bad...they kept fiddling with the lights. We wanted it dark, the bartender wanted it brighter...she won. Well, when she pays for the drinks and the food she can have it anyway she wants. Until then...we pay, she does. Period. The place is still uneven and far from its former glory...but they make money and people are always there...so I guess they figure adequate and decent are good enough...mores the pity.
4	I don't like Irish Pubs because they're generally smokey, gloomy and serve bad wine. Plus, the bartenders give me grief when I ask for wine; I order a coffee with Baileys, Kahlua and Frangelico but it's never that great. I end up staring at my mug wondering why I let myself be convinced into visiting another Irish Pub.  But, I like McMullan's better than most Irish bars.McMullan' isn't smokey. The place is a little dark, but the band on Friday night is really upbeat and fun. They play Violent Femmes and Van Morrison. I recommend going on Friday nights if only for the music.My first visit to McMullan's was on a pub quiz night when I drove my team's score straight into the ground. Like George Bush, I went with my gut and encouraged my teammates to follow my instincts. We lost. Bad. Pub quiz night is really fun though. I've always had a great time at McMullan's and will return next time someone pressures me into it.
4	We really like McMullan's! It's nice that they have a separate smoking area with it's own bar away from the dining establishment. They often have good live bands playing and we've had dinner there once which if memory serves me correctly was pretty good. I think Thursdays are all you can eat fish & chips? A fun, often busy, pleasant little Irish pub that we've had many a good time at!
5	I moved to Vegas a little over two years ago and one of my best friends here introduced me to this place.  She has been hanging out here since it opened.  I am usually there 2 nights a week.  It's a great local bar, with wonderful service and off the strip prices.  The place is divided into two areas a gaming/smoking side and the restaurant side.  On the restaurant side there are no gaming machines, so you can sit at the bar even if you're not a video poker devotee, there's no smoking and live music on Wednesday, Friday, Saturday and Sunday.  The food is quite good with pub favorites, inventive seasonal specials and interesting daily specials.  They have a nice beer selection and can turn out wonderful cocktails as well.  The good food, affordable prices, wonderful staff and friendly atmosphere make this a great place to hang out.
4	McMullen's isn't as authentic as a real Irish pub, but it is close. Also the food is pretty good, on that note I might add that the Irish Nachos are humorous and tasty. Furthermore for Vegas its prices are fairly decent.  The interior of the bar/restaurant is fairly nice, though they did put it on a little thick with quotes from Irish writers. That being said McMullen's isn't half bad and could be considered a diamond in the rough when it comes to Vegas.
5	McMIllan's is one of the best Irish Pubs I have ever been in (well atleast until I finally make it to Ireland then all bets are off). The food at McMullans is really really good, I usually opt for the Irish Nachos (homemade potato chips, covered with cheese, bacon, and sour cream) but this time I opted for a full meal. Every day from 4-7 they have happy hour which includes $1 off draughts and well drinks as well as a small assortment of apps for $2.99, but I wanted to give the winter menu a try. (I know old review from my blog, I'm moving a bunch of them over here}There were 3 things I was debating between, The Shepard's Pie, Irish Stew, and Meatloaf, I then noticed they had an Irish sampler that included both the pie and the stew plus corned beef and cabbage so I decided to give it a try.I was wondering how all 3 would be served, as I didn't want them to mix together or anything, and then they brought it out. It came out on a big plate with each entree in a ramaken and looked amazing. I first had the Corn Beef and Cabbage, I am not a huge fan of this usually, but the beef, carrots, and broth were amazing, I'm not a big fan of cooked cabbage, I had a few pieces it was good, but I didn't finish it all. Next up was the Irish Stew, it had huge chunks of potato, carrot, celery, and beef, if a great brown gravy (hands down my favorite of the night), then it was time for the Shepard's pie, I have had better and worse, it wasn't anything to write home about, but then again I could have been spoiled by the stew (it was that good!!!). The meal was also served with some homebaked brown bread, It was a really heavy rye bread but soaked up the gravy and broth perfectly and was a nice addition to the meal. I washed it all down with a Black Velvet (a draught of half Guinness and half cider). All in all a great meal.
4	Across the street from the Orleans, McMullan's is an Irish pub that pivots around a corner so that there's a dedicated space for smokers and video poker players, as well as a non-smoking bar and dining room.Service was friendly (the kid didn't stop smiling the whole time we were there), just attentive enough and the atmosphere is a welcome respite from the brutal desert sun - dark, welcoming, cozy.I ordered Ann's Blackened Chicken Salad, which was boldly flavorful, topped with crispy onion straws and vegetables like red peppers and corn in addition to more traditional salad accoutrements. The Creole mustard dressing was superb.Definitely want to go back here again, the menu seems a lot more tempting than your usual video poker pub.
5	How good is McMullen's Irish Pub?  Well, I could tell you about the excellent selection of whiskey (one of the best in Vegas).  We could discuss the delicious menu with classic pub fare and inventive food twists.  You could be told about the great Tuesday trivia night that is always a fun time.  They could boast about the crowd of Irishmen who come to watch soccer matches, rugby games and Celtic sports on early Sunday mornings.  He (the singer of one of the Irish music bands that play there) could tell you about the raucous music nights and great sounds of an Irish fiddle that drift about the bar on many nights.Or I could simply say this: McMullen's is virtually hidden from the public view.  Directions to the business usually involve referring to landmarks rather than addresses: "You go over to the Orleans and turn north, then go behind a gas station and it's right there".  It is mostly obscured from the street, but that doesn't matter.  The pub is so well put together--from the wood on the bar to the stones in the walls to the perfect pour of Guinness--that it remains a popular Vegas bar for folks to get a drink.  So go find Vegas' best Irish pub hidden behind that gas station.  You'll thank yourself for making the journey.
4	I had always liked mcmullans as a place to have a beer but never had food there.  I went with some friends and we stuck out like a sore thumb.  Our friends who arrived late had no problem finding us because the host directed all Asian people to our table lol.  Our white friend on the other hand wasn't so lucky.  The waitress had the authentic Irish accent which was pretty cool  We ordered Irish pie with steak and mushroom, Irish pie with chicken curry, Irish sausage roll, bangers & mash, and of course fish and chips.  They all tasted very good to me.  The crust of the pie and sausage roll was amazing.  The curry chicken was surprisingly good.     We didn't realize their Trivia night had started and we were shhhhed by this big redhead guy which I found kinda annoying.
4	The Skinny: excellent pub specialities done right - perfection of the Irish pie! (4) service - a little sluggish but it's a pub (3), value: $11 for the steak and mushroom pie with the fixin's and $15 for a healthy portion of fish and chips (4).A big shout out to the Yelpers - they were on the money with this place.There are alot of things to love about this pub - first is the ambience. From the dark wooden panels on the wall to the true Irish transplants serving you, it give this establishment a feel of authenticity. The video poker area is well cordoned off from the pub and hence relatively smoke free.We ordered a plate of their fish and chips and an Irish steak and mushroom pie (which takes 20 minutes but is worth the wait, my friends). While we were waiting, a neighbouring table were served their orders of fish. The reassuring crunch as they dug in signalled that McMullans ain't messing around when it comes to their food.When our fish and chips arrived, we were surprised at the substantial portion (perhaps we would order the appy sized portion next time). Three large fillets perched on top of a mountain of fries with some coleslaw and tartar sauce. Perfect. The plate was also free of grease which was another good sign.The fish was in a beer-battered style and had a perfect ratio of batter to fillet. The batter was light, crispy and held up well despite all the dunking into various sauces. Best of all - it wasn't oily. The chips were mid-sized cut and crispy. Overall, they held their texture pretty well with the passage of time. The coleslaw was pretty standard fare. The tartar sauce, though, needed a little tartness and sweetness but was okay.The steak and mushroom pie was a wonder. The flaky dome arrived at the table accompanied by a mound of mashed potatoes and buttered peas. The filling was a satisfying combination of beef and mushrooms, stewed with some kind of flavourful ?beer. The most amazing thing was the pastry. At first we thought the pie was in a ramikin but it was completely freestanding - that really speaks to the robustness of the crust. The pastry was flaky and crisp all the way around (including the bottom which normally tends to get soggy). McMullens has truly perfected the art of the Irish pie. The mashed potatoes were solid - had a nice flavour and a great gravy but could have used a little more texture. The buttered peas were good.Overall, with these pub favourites done so well plus some rather interesting Irish beer and whiskey flights at affordable prices, this is the place to go for some Irish comfort.
4	I was there around 1:30AM, just in time to listen to their live music. The live music ended at 2am. I agreed with most other yelpers with the interior design of the place. It has a really nice feeling to it.They have a good selection of beer. They also have 4 samplers of beers, each sampler comes with 5 different type of Irish Beer and it only costs $5. I have to try that next time. I ordered the french fries ($4) and fried chicken appetizers ($8), both are nicely prepared, not too greasy, good amount of food. When the tab arrive, I realized that we got 50% off for the appetizers, they told us that everyday from 11pm to 2am is happy hour, 50% off for all the appetizers. I love it when I saved money when I'm not expecting it. Overall I really like this place. I will be back for sure. Especially to try out their beer samplers.
4	As someone who is constantly on the lookout for a great pot pie or fish and chips, McMullan's is our current top pick for an Irish pub in Vegas.Their rendition of fish and chips ($14.50) ranks up there with the best. Three large beer-battered fillets, served piping hot, laid on top of a mound of fries makes for a generous portion. The batter was light, crispy, and avoided the excessive oiliness found with most beer-based batters. The tartar sauce, however, could use some more tangy tartness to balance out the mayo. Their chips were midsized steak fries and nicely crisped on the outside. The coleslaw was good but not particularly noteworthy. Those with strong appetites for fried fish should consider the AYCE fish and chips on Thursdays from 5pm to 11pm. Their Irish pies ($12) are filled with either chicken curry or steak and mushroom and take about 25 minutes to prepare. You can't go wrong with either one. The pie pastry itself impressed us because it completely enveloped the filling all around without the support of a ramekin and remained perfectly crisp and flaky despite the hearty stew of steak and mushrooms or satisfying chicken curry awaiting inside. Tasty accompaniments included buttered peas and a somewhat plain mashed potatoes with a small pot of delicious brown (sherry?) gravy.The genuine ambience of an Irish pub is successfully recreated in the midst of dark wooden paneling and servers speaking with true Irish accents. Unfortunately taking the authenticity a bit too far, the service can be on the slow side. Prices, while not inexpensive, are reasonable for the quality and generous serving sizes. If you plan on becoming a regular, you should ask to sign up for the McCraic card, their free customer loyalty rewards program. With food this good, why wouldn't you? Most convenient of all, it is open 24/7.
4	Great atmosphere. Dimmed lights and authentic music. Decor is a good mix between an 1800s pub and a fancy, modern restaurant.There are two bars and thankfully one of them does *not* have any embedded video gambling machines (which are far too prevalent, IMO). The portions at McMullan's are huge. This time, Erin Ashley & I ordered a half-size Irish Nachos w/ Beef appetizer and a Texas BBQ Burger with fries to share. The nachos are piled high with homemade potato chips, melted cheese, tomatoes, green onions, sour cream and seasoned ground beef (I typically go for chicken, but this ground beef is pretty impressive). The burger was a stack of breaded onion rings, lettuce, tomatoes, pickles, sauteed mushrooms, Swiss cheese, crunchy bacon, a patty cooked-to-order and smothered in BBQ sauce between a toasted sesame seed bun. I'm surprised at just how well the pickles went with everything. Oh, and the fries were top notch. The only thing I'd change is the ketchup (not thick enough for my tastes). We ended up taking over 2/3 of the nachos home with us and plan to snack on them for the rest of the day. I'm looking forward to coming back and trying out their Whiskey Samplers and Beer Samplers with some friends.If you liked this review, be sure to follow me as I eat my way through Las Vegas.
4	I go weekly for trivia.  The food's pretty good, but definitely a downgrade from the fantastic Fado that now only exists in spirit at Shakespeare's. The Irish nachos are a must. Fattening and decadent, no diets allowed here!The staff is friendly. Great place, good food. They get pretty overwhelmed on Tuesdays because of trivia, so have patience.
4	I had a great shepherd's pie and a whisky tasting. I went with a group of people and everyone had a lot of fun. I definitely recommend this place if you start getting tired of the tourist traps on the strip.
5	I don't usually give good reviews so if I say it is GREAT it is GREAT.  From the minute you walk in you are transported back in time and space.  A true EAST COAST Irish Pub feel ala McSorleys in Washington Square, NYC.The entertainment, a guy in a kilt with western boots keeps you smiling, drinking and singing.Now, that being said the food is AWESOME!!!   The service ala Ryan was top notch. The beer selection well what can I say GREAT.  We had the nachos, half size, couldn't stop eating them, enough for 4 but there were only two of us and we killed it.  Not proud of that but YUM!The trio gave us a taste of three dishes, stew, Sheppard's pie and what else, corned beef and cabbage.  Again what can I say FANTASTIC, all three.  No preservatives, fresh home cooking no aftertaste of any kind.Stuffed to the gills, Ryan said you have to at least hear about desert.  Needless to stay we chose two to go and after I finish this review and in about two hours we will dive into both and I am sure after looking at them that they will not disappoint.Guys this is a must go to!!.
5	At last, Proper Paddies! As a Paddy too I absolutely fell for this place. Just like being at home and the food would definitely give the chancers at home a run for their money. We came here twice...and are going again in the morning to watch Ireland V South Africa in the Rugby and to try out the Full Irish Breakfast. The Sausage Rolls were probably the best I've ever eaten, The Shepard's Pie would make me Mam jealous as hell and the Bangers and Mash delectable. I can't say enough good things about this place. They even have Bulmers/Magners on tap....thats what truly won me over. Dining here is truly giving the finger to all those over-priced, rude and crappy establishments on The Strip. The staff are lovely and friendly and everyone seems to be having a great time and laughing.....not so often do you hear that over here, sadly. If only they had this place in NorCal.....I wonder if i asked nicely  would they consider moving???
5	I friggin love this place!  The Fish and Chips, and the Corned Beef Sandwich are awesome. The Whiskey selection is even better (I almost had a heart attack from pure pleasure when I saw all the bottles)! And of course the most important thing is that the Barkeep is an actual Irishman. Anyway, My point is that it's strangely authentic for a Vegas bar, but that's why it's awesome. They also have some pretty cool live music from time to time.
4	4 STARS............... only because we just did the HAPPY HOUR. chicken wings just like everywhere else, sausage GREAT, mussels with the sauce GREAT, the homemade chips were EXCELLENT!  EXCELLENT service from the bartender. very friendly and helpful to a first time visit from a tourist. right across the street from the ORLEANS my home base when i'm in VEGAS. will for sure visit and dine when back in LAS VEGAS.
4	Went here last week before a Wranglers game because it's so close to the arena and because fellow Yelpers gave it high marks.As usual, the Yelpers were true to their word.Great Pub!Low lighting, dark wood, great beer, a boisterous group and lots of memorabilia = a Good Irish ambiance.What's even better is that there is a Smoking side and a Non-Smoking side. :) We started with the Irish Sausage Rolls... YUM!  These are Irish pigs in a blanket and are yummy, yummy!  These and a pint... coulda eaten them all night long.  The sausage was savory and juicy... the blankets were soft and flaky.I had the Diddy's Irish Stew and my companions ordered the Chicken Causeway Curry.  All of it was FABULOUS!  My stew was hearty and savory with big chunks of lamb.  The brown bread was perfect for dipping in the stew.  My companions' curry was also very good without being overly-curry-ie.  Theirs was served with Jasmine rice as you might expect a curry might be.  I think the base for the curry was the same as my stew so I think that's why I liked it (as I am not a curry fan).Service was spot on!All in All, a GREAT meal that was quick, tasty and filling.  We will definitely be going back to McMullan's before the Wranglers game again.
4	Loved it!!Stopped in for a late breakfast. Enjoyed the Farmhouse Irish breakfast with coffee, while my wife had a chicken sandwich. Both selections were excellent. A must stop in Vegas.
5	It was 3 a.m. and a couple of friends and I didn't know where to go.  OF course it's vegas,but a lot of places were closing for the night.  So I used my trusty YELP phone app and found McMullan open.  We said WTF let's do it. Now keep in mind this place is NOT on the strip.  IT's about 2 miles off the strip (Right next to the Orleans), but so worth it.  When we got there it had good music playing and cool people that are friendly and bartenders that are in good graces at 3 a.m.  Been to many places were the bartenders just want to call it a night.  WE drank, sang, and had a great time until 8 a.m. in the morning.  I can't wait to go back and have myself a nice pint or an Irish Car bomb.  Great place and worth the trip outside the strip.
4	I've also been a big fan of the burgers as of late. If I'm not indulging in the fattening and calorie-laden Irish Nachos, I'm ordering up a big juicy burger. I've tried them all, minus the Monster. I've never been quite daring enough for that one.If you have room at the end of your meal, I highly recommend the Sticky Toffee Pudding. My favorite thing on the menu!They have salads too, but don't waste your time! ;-)
4	Definitely one of my favorite pubs in Vegas. It's a good, fun atmosphere once you're inside. Thursdays offer AYCE Fish & Chips ! Now, sometimes there is a bit of a wait to get your second, third, fourth, etc serving, but definitely worth the wait. Fish and chips are pretty good. Fish always seems fresh, and the fish isn't masked with a think, heavy batter. On days that aren't Thursday, I usually opt for their nachos. Cheddar cheese, bacon, & sour cream on their home made potato chips. Goes great with beer. They also offer three different beer tasters, for only $5 each. Each comes with 5 different beers, which is great for those who haven't had a chance to try a different selection of beers, outside of the heavily marketed ones in America such as Bud, Coors, and whatever else are similar to those. This establishment only got four stars from me because of the prices. A bit more expensive than I prefer, but not steep enough to keep me from going back.
4	The wife and I came here on Thanksgiving Eve. We needed to get some grub and a drink to help us stay up for our annual Thanksgiving Bingo Ritual. I will admit, since coming to Vegas McMullan's has been one of my favorite bars. It is actually one of my favorite bars ever. We've celebrated multiple birthdays here, and I had part of my bachelor party here. Our most recent experience just exemplified my love for this place.The place was hopping as the next day was a holiday, and Darby O'Gill was playing. I like McMullan's for their intimate stage for live music. It may be loud, but it really makes for a hell of a time. The bar area was pretty packed, so we made our way to a little corner to the right of the bar. The area was pretty full with a couple large parties...and as typical for McMullan's, we ran into some people we know...which is always a nice treat. We were greeted almost immediately be our waitress. One we've had a few times, who happens to be Irish. Yet another reason I love McMullan's. They are the only authentic Irish bar in town as it is owned by an Irishman and they have at least one Irishwoman on the wait staff. I got my usual Smithwicks, and the wife had a Mangers. We decided to split the Irish Nachos (oh so delicious). Not relevant to  this visit, but McMullan's is also a sponsor and host of St. Baldricks, a charity event to raise money to fight childhood cancer. They are the longest standing sponsor in Las Vegas, and have the largest event for this charity here. I can always get behind a place that likes to support the community, while providing a great product for the community.These are just a few of the reasons I will keep coming back to McMullan's.
5	I am a total McMullan's Irish Pub fan! This summer marked my first ever trip to Las Vegas. During my week-long drinking, shopping, fine dining, show-watching spree on the strip, I learned something very disappointing...everything closes at like 10pm. Coming from the "city that doesn't sleep" McMullan's was our savior. They had *just* what we needed when Red Square in Mandalay Bay kicked us out so they could close early. This may be a plain old bar to the locals, but it will always be perfect in my eyes: open 24 hours, serving better-than-average pub grub, cider on tap, low-key welcoming bartender, and a 5 minute drive/cab ride from our hotel on the strip. I may just book my hotel for the next day and come here directly from the airport next time I'm in town.
5	Guiness and beef stew was excellent. Along with a Boddingtons - perfect dinner before the Wranglers hockey. Went back after the game for a few beers. Very busy with live Irish-type entertainment. Great place!
4	holy moly what a fun establishment. i love that you can have crazy bar fun (!) or have a great time with a small gathering of friends in their many semi private booths. great food (yummmy irish nachos), fun games. attentive servers.
4	Though McMullan's is one of my favorite Vegas Irish Pubs (if not THE favorite), we hadn't been here for a long time.  But we went to see a show at the Orleans, and two of our friends live in Henderson, so this was a no-brainer.The first thing that struck us when we walked in was a familiar voice.  It was John Windsor, our favorite Irish entertainer, late of J.C. Wooloughan's at the Marriott.  We'd gone to see him there after a long hiatus and found out they'd changed his hours.  Now he's done there for good, but playing at McMullan's every Saturday night and early evenings on Sundays.  We were thrilled - he's just fabulous.  And because he's so popular, the bar was jammed.But we were there for dinner.  At 9:30 we had no problem getting a table for 6, but the small, cozy room they seated us in filled up right after us.The count for the evening was:  two shepherd's pies, one steak sandwich, a Reuben burger, chicken wrap, and another burger.My Reuben was the Irish version - no sauerkraut.  Instead, it came with a red onion spread that I was glad I'd ordered on the side.  The onions were chopped and sauteed, I think, but were mixed up with a seasoned mayo.  I love mayo, but it doesn't love me, my hips, or my cholesterol, so I was able to use just a tiny bit, instead of having to scrape off tons of it.  The burger, which I ordered medium, was perfectly cooked, and served on thick and tasty toasted marble-rye.  It came with friesthat were good, but too salty (what else is new?)  I could have had mashed or potato chips.My friend - the smart one - had the chicken wrap, but got fresh veggies, for a $2 upcharge.  She loved both of them.  The veggies were a large portion.My husband has had the Shepherd's pie a lot there.  He loves it, but since it's served with no sides, it seems a little pricey to me, at $14.  Actually, it was $15, since the waiter asked if he wanted the cheddar cheese on it, and then there was a dollar upcharge for that, too.  The do offer a lunch-sized portion, but it's only $2 less.I had the Magner's on tap, a great alternative, since I'm not a beer drinker.The atmosphere is wonderful, all wood and clubby, and very Irish.  While I'm a great fan of McMullan's for its homey atmosphere and terrific food, I have to take away a star because I don't like the feeling of being nickel-and-dimed in a place that's not on the Strip, but almost charges like it is.  Still, now that we know John Windsor's a regular, we'll be back again soon!
4	A great stop for St. Patrick's day, to watch Australian Rugby or any day for a pint.. generally regarded better than Brendan's pub at the Orleans but you be the judge.
4	I've had variations of Irish food in the past but never authentic Irish. A take home with instructions on how to cook corned beef here, a sandwich loaded with corned beef there, and once a Sheppard's pie from a place that specialized in another ethnic variety.If McMullan is a window on how good Irish food can be then open it up cause i'm gonna jump through it next chance i get.The Apps!!!Homemade Crisps- I had an impression of what they were going to be like as i read the description and envisioned it in my mind. When they came i was sadly disappointed that the Crisps werent made to order, instead of warm salted crisps they were room temperature. Oh well the taste of them totally made up for the fact that they're made in batches and allowed to sit, which in the long run is better for no oil is still on the crisps. I personally enjoyed both sauces. I had a person preference to never eat or try curry from anyone that isnt of asian or south east asian/indian decent due to a bad experience with a "Country Captain Chicken MRE" but damn the curry is right on. A lot of friends werent too fond of the Marie Rose sauce, imagine a sweeter thousand island. To me it's a nice contrast from the curry that tastes pretty darn good when dipped lightly.Sausage Rolls- Thanks to the internets i've made a few friends in Australia and the UK. I've been to Australia once and was amazed at things like Turkish or Lebanese style Kebabs. My Brit and Aussie mates keep urging me to try Sausage Rolls. No matter who it is or if i just engage a conversation about food with a random Brit or Aussie Sausage Rolls always pop up. And now the Sausage Roll! Pretty much a sausage rolled in puff pastry served with a very robust mustard. Wasnt too impressed because the sausage tasted VERY close to Vienna Sausages but the puff pastry and the robust mustard made it all go along.The Entrees!! Aon Do Tri- A sampler of their main entrees the Aon Do Tri features Diddy's Irish Stew, Corned Beef and Cabbage, and Shepard's Pie. Flanking the three sampler sized bowls are two slices of home made Brown Bread.- To me the Brown Bread is something unique. When i picked it up it had the weight and feel of a thick slice of pound cake, the texture is very similar to cake with the softness and the moisture, but the taste is all bread. A little butter and dip this into the Diddy stew....oh lawd...- Diddy's Irish Stew, Dont order this if you dont like lamb. The first bite was gamey and rustic but comforting. I love lamb and this stew just hit the spot with chunky bits of that adorably delicious mammal, potatoes, carrots, a few slices of onions and large celery cuts that just absorbed all the flavors of the stew. Lamb flavored celery...that's gonna make me drool for a while.- Corned Beef and Cabbage. If i could pinpoint a fault to this it's that the portion size was just too small. Nice meaty hunks of corned beef still in it's cooking liquids swimming with potatoes and cabbage. It just dont get any better then this really.-Shepard's Pie. I would count this as the odd man out in this triumvirate of Irish signature dishes because of the taste. Maybe it's because i saved it for last, maybe because the mashed potatoes trapped the heat inside and the first bite scorched a few parts of the inside of my mouth. Flavor wise i was just expecting a bit more from this.- Fish n ChipsWOW, large cuts of flaky cod, very light but crisp breading and what seemed to be a home made tartar sauce with lots of relish flavor. I might just have to start spending Thursday nights here...- Beef & Guinness StewAndy ordered this and i grab a small spoonful when he wasnt looking. Now this is some goooooood stew! You can barely taste the Guinness but cant help to notice the richness of it in the stew. The beef was tender cooked to perfection and absorbed a lot of flavor. Very nice indeed.The Desserts!!!PPS: There are traces of nuts in these dessertsI lol'ed at this comment. Check the menu it's there. Check the online menu it's there too.
5	McMullan's is a solid Irish Pub with good offerings in both pint and plate. The staff are almost always friendly, which is a kudos to management as well. It's rare to walk out having less than a great experience.If you're in town on a Tuesday night at 8, you might enjoy a round of trivia against some rather formidable local opponents.
4	Stopped in for a 1am snack at McMullan's on a recent trip to Vegas with two friends who are locals and I hadn't seen in awhile.It definitely looks the part of an Irish Pub -- dark wood panels, large bar and people crowded into large groups cheering on the performer and their beers as they enjoy plates of delicious food.My partner and I didn't order any entrees because we were doing the 24 hour buffet pass on the strip and had been stuffing ourselves like pot pies all day and instead decided to go for the appetizer called "Irish Nachos" thinking that by getting a half-order we could eat a light snack...   WRONG!  This is a GIANT plate..  and it was only a half-serving!  The typical tortilla chips are replaced by home made potato chips ("crisps.")  On top of these crisps are mountains of sour cream, meat and delicious fresh veggies.  So much eating light!  :)Our server was awesome especially considering that she seemed to be the only one working all of the very full tables.  I'll definitely try and work a return visit in to future Vegas trips.
4	An organization I'm a member of held an event in their back room. I really liked the set up we had back there - plenty of room (seems 100 or so could fit?), our own bar, and tasty bar food was brought out pretty regularly. Definitely a place I'd keep in mind if I was hosting events - or just looking for an "authentic" Irish pub off the strip to visit.
5	This is hands down my favorite pub in the entire valley. The food is delicious and always fresh, the Guinness is always cold and poured with the perfect head, and the live Irish folk music on the weekends always make for a fun time!
5	My all time favorite american irish pub, and my hand down favorite restaurant in Las Vegas. Try the irish nachos, just don't do it alone. You won't have room for your meal if you do, and that would be tragic. From fish and chips to steak pie this place is the BOMB. My dish of choice is and always will be the corned beef and cabbage. Its always on the menu and always DELICIOUS.
4	Trivia on a Tuesday night is a fun time.  Some people take it pretty seriously, which makes it all the more amusing.  They have a round where you have to guess the song from a snippet that the host, Dallas, plays.  It's fun when he gives the answers and plays the song.  Everyone in the bar sings along.  The burgers are ok here but the french fries are pretty good.  The chips with the curry sauce were pretty tasty.  My husband liked the fish and chips and my friend liked the mushroom and steak pie.  The sticky toffee pudding with vanilla ice cream is to die for.  I could eat that all day. Good selection of beer and nice servers.  Free wifi - but don't be using it during trivia!  Definitely a fan.
4	Love those Irish nachos! Decent selection of beer and good food!
4	I used to come here a bunch when I lived around the corner as my roommate loved to go to bar trivia night.  I never liked the place because I suck at trivia.  I'm probably the worst trivia team member of all time.Anyway, I went back for Yelp Drinks and was pleasantly surprised.  I arrived at the beginning of happy hour, so I was able to get a snack for $4.  They had a ton of cheap options, all for around half a Hamilton.Also, the free wifi was clutch as I had some work to do.  It did get a little loud once happy hour got bumping, so I had to leave to go find somewhere else to work.
5	Still love this place. I come here every week and felt my review needed an update. I still highly recommend the burgers and the nachos, but I also really like their salads and curry pie. Don't forget to sign up for their rewards card. For every $100 you spend you get a coupon for $10 off, plus a free meal on your birthday. Totally worth it and it's free!I figure this place deserves a star upgrade since I'm here SO often and I really couldn't figure out a reason they didn't deserve 5 stars.
4	I love, love, love, love Irish Pubs. I'm a sucker for them. What can I say? I'd rather go out and have a dark beer and a shot of Jameson than do just about anything else on a weekend. McMullans is a place I love. I've been here on a few occasions, a couple dates with the boyfriend, and also meeting up with friends. The service is typically a toss of a coin. Either you get really stellar service or kind of "eh" service. I typically only see women working here, from the hostess to the waitresses to the bartenders. Service at the bar the last time I was here was so-so. I had their Irish Breakfast, which is in Irish breakfast fashion - huge and way too much for me to eat. Plus they add on top of it a cup of beans, delicious heavy-as-heck bread, and a grilled tomato. Add to that Irish bacon, black and white pudding (blood sausage/sausage), a sausage link, and three eggs (however you want 'em). Oh it's just too much for me to eat, but I put a pretty good dent in it. The Irish Nachos are also freaking Awwwwe-some! Order these for sure if you want an appetizer to go along with your alcohol!They're serving my favorite Irish staples - Guinness, Smithwicks, and Jameson. They also have a few other beers on tap for those that do not like the dark beers.ALSO - live music the last time I was there! Very fun and entertaining. Lots of audience participation - this is not for the shy of heart! I was actually called out for clapping out of place during a song (although I SWEAR I didn't and so does my friend), but I was pointed at by the entire bar area and forced to have a drink for punishment!Only reason I'm not giving 5 Stars is because the service can be so random. Doesn't matter - still one of my favorite places in Vegas!
5	Almost every time that I drive to Vegas, I must stop by McMullan's for a scrumptious meal!What I've had in the past: fish & chips, corned beef hash & cabbage, shepard's pie and some soup that I can't remember if my life depended on it.The fish was moist and fried perfectly. Fries are fries, nothing special. Corned beef hash were served in slices on top of cabbage with some stock. I thought it was a bit too salty but nonetheless it was delicious!!! Shepard's pie made me feel like a heifer after eating it :\ lots o' mashed potaters!Staff are pretty chill, always a lot of people at the bar, this place is a bit pricey but totally worth a try! Can't wait for my next visit!Oh, btw they have a full bar and a large variety of beers!
4	Stopped in for a late night dinner. As expected, the menu after 11pm is somewhat limited to sandwiches, appetizers & breakfast. The server was friendly and helpful with some suggestions about the specials. I had missed breakfast this morning so I made up for it by ordering breakfast this evening. I went with the Corned Beef Hash, eggs and home fries ($7). The corned beef hash was one of the best home made corned beef hash I have had in Las Vegas. The eggs were ordered over medium but they came over hard. The home fries were good. I like that they were not greasy. The beer selection while varied was a little disappointing for an Irish Pub. I was expecting a wider selection, but I certainly had no problem finding an IPA that I liked. The prices on the late  night menu were a good deal. I'll have to go back for a normal breakfast to see if the price is the same. Oh yeah, if you have your laptop with you they have free wi fi. That's just a nice bonus on top of a good experience.
3	We went here today because my husband is still searching for the best fish and chips in Vegas.  We ordered the homemade potato chips for an appetizer and they were oh so very good! I had the shepard's pie, and was very pleased with my choice.  The portion was huge and once again I ate way too much.  My daughter had the mac 'n cheese and ate everything we put on her plate, which rarely happens.  So, it's safe to assume that the mac 'n cheese is good too.  And finally- the fish and chips.  My husband reports that the fish is absolutely delicious but the batter needs a little something more.  All in all, he liked it alot, but it still searching for something even better.The one downer- The service was awful! Our waiter rarely checked on us and when he asked us if we wanted refills, it was about 20 minutes before we got our drinks.  My husband had to eat most of his meal without a drink. :(   We will definitely be back to McMullan's, with the hopes of getting a different server...
4	The food (and I just had appetizers) is fantastic, the pints are cold, the music is great, and the people are friendly.
4	Good breakfast -- poached eggs with homemade corned beef hash, along with a super spicy Bloody Mary.  Breakfast BLT good too. Friendly staff. Don't know about the night scene here, but def a better 24 hr option than the Denny's around the corner.
3	Tuesday Trivia Nights are fun.  Don't expect great service on those nights.  It's always jam packed and the servers can be bitchy when they're overwhelmed with orders.  AYCE Fish and Chips even on a empty stomach not so fun.  Wouldn't recommend it.  The location is convenient near the strip across the Orleans Casino.  But I sure would endorse that sticky toffee pudding.  That indeed is a pudding I enjoy getting stuck in.
5	This was a great out of the way find, filled with locals. Short cab ride off the strip, next to the Orleans Casino. I was on the lookout for a different Irish place (we usually go to 9 Fine Irishmen in NyNy). The food in this place was amazing. We started out with a "5 beer sampler" for $5. It had Guiness, Harp, Smithwicks and 2 others. So cute. Each one was a decent size, def enough to taste. Then we ordered Irish Nachos. Omg. Homemade potato chips stacked high and covered in cheese, chives, bacon, sour cream, etc. So, sooo good. (get the mini size). We got the half size and def couldnt finish it since we got a whole meal each besides that. Portions are huge here. Next we got a fish and chips appetizer. The fish was cooked perfectly and the fries were great. As an entree, I got my Irish staple- Lamb stew. The most flavorful one I have ever had. Def enough garlic, wine, veggies and spices to make it sing. My bf had the Shepards pie which was perfection. Just enough wine in the ground beef and nice, fluffy potatoes. SO good. For dessert, we had the sticky toffee pudding, which is a real gooey brownie.  It was heaven.  Loved this place. Cant wait to return. (see pics!)
5	Me and my gf knew about this place thanks to Yelp so I had to show it some more love on here so more people can find out about this hidden gem. It's not on the strip so you need to cab it or drive there but it's soooo worth it. It's right across the street from the Orleans hotel. We ordered quite a bit of food and everything was fantastic. We had the fish and chips, the Irish nachos, the shepherd's pie, the lamb stew and the sticky toffee pudding and every bite was amazing. The lamb stew was the most flavorful Irish lamb stew I've ever had in a restaurant. Even if you have no room at all for dessert you still must have the sticky toffee pudding. Easily one of the best desserts I've ever had anywhere. They also have a cute 5 dollar beer sampler that is fun for having different types of beer while also leaving room for all the good eats. The waitress could not have been nicer. Awesome Vegas find.
4	Ate here twice on our last visit and can't wait to get back.Once again I enjoyed the Farmhouse Irish Breakfast. Recommend that you eat it around lunch time, it's enough to carry you through most of the day.  Also had the Irish Reuben with homemade chips, very good.The rest of the family enjoyed the Mini Irish Breakfast, Fish and Chips, Sausage Rolls, Chicken Tenders and Build-Your-Own Omelette. Not a single complaint. Service is excellent, very friendly and helpful.Don't forget to sign-up for the rewards card. We've already earned our first $10 off.
4	Went in for our usual pub quiz Tuesday night.  6 of us cozied up in a snug and settled in for 4 hours of eating, drinking, thinking, and socializing.If you haven't been to pub quiz...it's alot, and I mean a lot, of fun! The MC Dallas, is a hoot.  Team names are offensive and trivia is tough.5 of us had burgers and 1 had a salad.  Burgers are really good at McMullans.  I like my burger cooked Med Rare and they nailed it.  Nice bloody beef juices oozed onto my plate.  Hearty white cheddar and bacon toppings, and the beef fat flavor just coats your tongue with umami goodness.  Spinach goat cheese salad with candied walnuts with balsamic vinaigrette was light, flavorful and tasty - a little skimpy on the goat cheese.  The walnuts added a crunchy surprise.We washed it all down with copius amounts of fat tire, guiness, hard cider, and  hef.And you cannot leave without a sticky toffee pudding.  It's just that - sticky toffee.  It an ultra moist caramely coated cake. yum. yum. yum.
4	Simplicity is the way to go with McMullan's. A few friends and I stooped by for their happy hour since they are one of the few that offer one on a Sunday. Without further delay I will announce that their happy hour is 7 days a week from 3-6. The savings are not on the drink since our beers averaged six dollars a piece, but the appetizers are half off. Even though the list was short, the fish and chips bites ($4) were nice. The batter on fish was light in texture and color. Instead of over burning them, it came out crisp and I did not have to dab each piece with a napkin. We had also ordered the sausage rolls ($4) since that is a safe bet for those who have an allergy to soy. The rest of their food is deep fried in a vegetable oil, so avoid if you cannot tolerate soy. The rolls were so good that we ordered a second helping. An order of sliders ($12) were also a hit. The sirloin with grill onions and mushrooms topped with BBQ were so tender. The reuben was also delicious. The piles of meat made the three mini burgers overwhelming. With a huge helping of fries, no wonder my friend was stopped dead in his tracks. The Blackthorn and Magner Ciders were a nice refreshing way to end our night. The bill came out to $57 with a total of six beers, three happy hour appetizers, and the sliders.On Sundays at 6:30, they have live music. The audience is given a list of songs that they can request.
5	Irish bar at it's finest.
3	Went last night (Friday 9:30pm). Me and friend went for a beer, I tried the bits o beer sampler, definitely a good deal for $5 and beer was good. I liked that it is off the strip and it wasn't too busy. The band was great! Everyone was nice, but the service left much to be desired. We barely ever saw the bartender (which wasn't a big deal, but it took forever to close out and other customers asked us if there was even a bartender working LOL). We wanted to get something to eat since the menu looked great and prices were good but the service was so bad we decided to go somewhere else : ( Other than that, cute place and I would like to try it again. However, if the service is bad again, I probably wouldn't go back.
5	I've been going to Mcmullans for a couple years now and it's a great experience every time I visit. The servers are great as well as the bartenders and the events during the week are fun. Each day they have a different 20oz beer special.  NewCastle is on Fridays if your a fan like I am. I've liked everything that I have ordered from the menu from the bangers and mash to the burgers and wraps, it's all good.  My favorite are the homemade potato chips. You can get them with some curry or in the Irish nacho platter. Both are really good and cheap during the daily happy hour.  Be sure to stop by Friday nights to listen to some great songs and funny limericks or Tuesday for bar trivia. They also have a facebook page which they update with the different sports they are showing for the week. Cheers!
5	I have to admit that my boyfriend and I will drive all the way across town just to go to McMullan's. I love their fish and chips and their Sunday roast.The best day for Fish and Chips - Thursday. It's all you can eat and believe me, I can eat. The fish is flaky, buttery and melts in your mouth. The batter is crispy and not too greasy (it should have some grease, it IS fried.) Paired with a pint of Boddingtons and I am in heaven.For the weekend trips it's always Sunday Roast. Nothing beats savory roast beef covered in gravy served with perfectly roasted potatoes and fluffy Yorkshire pudding. In fact, most of the time I ask if they can forgo the veggies and give me extra pudd. So good with gravy poured inside. I have never tried the pork but my my mom has gotten the lamb and she says it is fantastic also.As for desserts, try the sticky toffee pudding. The bread pudding was also very good. I so badly want to try other things on their menu (shepherd's pie, bangers and mash, Irish pie) but I am just hooked on their Fish and Chips!
5	In a word "outstanding". Bryan has developed a pub with the perfect mix of hospitality, excellence, and value. The best pub in Vegas. Enjoy a pint of Smithwicks on tap, or your favorite domestic, and make sure to try the cornedbeef and cabbage!
5	When I lived in Vegas this was my local pub. It's a convenient location directly across from the Orleans. You can always catch a game of some kind on. Be it Football, Fuutball, or good ole Rugby, something is always playing. They pour Guinness the correct way. They make a delicious Shepherds Pie. If you ask for it with cheese it's simply out of this world. The Dinner portion I can barely finish. The Reuben is pretty damn good too. Pints are $6 each but well worth it. There's normally bar space open, or if you want a private party you can request a secluded booth. Every time I go back to Vegas I always pop in for a crisp pint of Smithwicks.
1	The absolute worst food in Vegas in my opinion.  We got our food to go, had the Irish Stew and it was nasty, I was only able to take two bites before having to give up.  Extremely strong after taste left in the mouth even now an hour after taking those two bites. Never again will I visit this establishment for food or anything else for that matter.  If I could give it 0 stars I would.
5	Where in Las Vegas can you go where everybody knows your name? mcmullans is a place that makes you feel like home as soon as you walk through the door. Every Tuesday I show up for pub quiz, and my Stella is poured and brought to me by the time I reach the table. I have never eaten something from their authentic Irish menu that I did not like: curry chicken pot pie, fish and chips (best I've ever had including all I tried in europe!), Irish nachos, the unique Caesar salad, bangers and mash, even the chicken fingers are amazing!  You can't go wrong with anything on their menu. They have yet to disappoint me.Tuesday nights pub quiz adds a nice twist to the evening, offering A multitude of prizes including a $100 bar tab, $50 bar tab and loads of other "cheap ass crap" for those who nearly miss the top 2 and for the team with best name. Walking into mcmullans feels like you've come to visit family every time. You will definitely not regret trying this place and pretty soon you will be a regular just like me. ;)
4	I had been sent to Las Vegas to do some work and my company put me up at the Orleans.  I happened to stumble across the street and found this place.  I had the fish and chips and it was pretty darn tasty.  A couple rounds of beer and I was ready to go back across the street to see the Wranglers play.  Good food and an overall good experience.  If I make it back to Vegas I will stop in again.
4	Totally solid Irish pub with great food & great service.  If you plan to order food come with an empty belly because portions are gargantuan sized.  I like to start with an order of McMullen's Irish Nachos, which is a heaping platter of thick homemade potato chips, bacon, tomatoes, chives, sour cream, & gooey cheesiness.  You can also opt for chicken or beef for approx $4 more.  On my last visit I asked for corned beef, which was an excellent addition.  If you aren't stuffed from the appetizers, their entrees are excellent.  On Thursday evenings from 5-11 they have an AYCE Fish & Chips Special for $14.50, which is uber yum.  Whatever you do, don't order anything else if you decide to take this route.  It is seriously a ton of food.  Despite being AYCE, the quality of the fish is surprisingly delicious.  It's lightly beer battered cod fried to golden perfection without being overly greasy.  Top it all off with some fresh squeezed lemon slices and malted vinegar and devour.They do offer a daily happy hour, but it ends kind of early (3-6) in which you can pick up 1/2 price apps, and slightly discounted drinks.
5	Great Irish Pub!!!My wife and are are visiting Vegas and were looking for a great local pub to eat at.  This is it.  The food is excellent and the portions are HUGE.  Excellent dark beer choices poured slowly to allow to breath, great service and friendly staff. We will definitely go again when we return to Vegas.
2	Of all the Irish Pubs I've frequented in my time, McMullan's is not in the top of the list.The split-bar layout is tight, cramped, and the gaming area is like a Marlboro humidor.  I choked down a couple pints while shouting to my friends standing 18 inches away.  Once my eyes were burning from the veritable tobacco field fire, we opted to leave and find more suitable accommodations.  Luckily my nicotine high was maintained throughout the rest of the night via my clothing and skin absorption.
4	Before I even start my review - I have to say that when I go to an Irish pub I do not get the cred I deserve.  I am half Irish Damn it!  I may not look it - but it's true... So, I go here with a friend and she tells me that a lot of "industry" people go there.  Basically, she was saying it should be a lively crowd.  When I hear "industry " people I am think hot ladies!  ... hey, a boy can dream ... right?It was a friday and they had a band there doing mostly songs from the eighties so I was cool with that.  It was a pretty good crowd.  The bar is split into a smoking section and non - smoking section.  I like it in there.  It obviously is not an authentic Irish pub being that we are in Las Vegas, but I think it has a nice appeal without trying to hard.  This is a cool place to hang out and chill with a few friends or have a big group and get a little rowdy.  We had an order of Irish nachos.  I am from Idaho - we call them "Idaho Nachos" up there... but it's cool.  They were actually really good.  The potato chips were good enough just to eat on their own,  The half order is huge!I am not into Guiness or black and tans  - so I had a few Newcastles.  All in all - I really like this place.  Good place for locals and tourists.
5	It's 3:00pm and that means Happy Hour! On a recommendation we went to McMullan's Irish Pub across from the Orleans. We walk in, sit at the bar and guess what....no bartender...what's up with this??? Anyway, she did show up after a few minutes, but we moved to the smoking side of the bar (hubby still smokes - I quit 2 years ago). Had a great bartender named Dallas (who bought me birthday beer)! Guinness, Bud Light, Do Dheag Wings, Irish Nachos and Crab Cakes - the food is 5 stars plus!!!! But the very best was dessert. Sticky Toffee Pudding - with just a bit of Bailey's poured over it...TO DIE FOR!!!!! Try saying Sticky Toffee Pudding three times after a few beers....it came out Stiffy Tooffee Puding..... hahahahahaha
5	Wow, I'm surprised I haven't reviewed this place yet. Several of my friends on Yelp, including Elite Emily, play Pub Trivia here weekly. This, of course, makes McMullan's the coolest place in Las Vegas on Tuesday nights. But it's pretty great any day of the week.Firstly, the atmosphere is great. It's small, it's cozy, but still raucous and noisy enough to know it's an Irish pub, not a British pub or American bar. Servers get to know their regulars, live music plays weekly, and during soccer/"footy" season all the games are shown.Beer and spirits are in wide supply. I've had Long Island and Long Beach Iced Teas, and they are always well-crafted -- not too weak, but not overly strong either. Great balance. Elite Emily often enjoys a Snake Bite, and they highly tout their Jameson & Ginger Ale, which I shall sometimes try.The food is excellent! My personal favorite is the Atlantic Burger, which is actually battered cod served burger-style with a jalepeno tartar sauce. The fish is hot and flakey, quite delicious. I also enjoy the Chicken Caesar Wrap, and last week just tried their Steak & Veggie Soup. Hearty, tasty, and soon to be one of my favorites. They also have great Irish traditionals like Shephard's Pie and Bangers & Mash. For dessert, make sure to try the Caramel Apple Pie.But beware... Irish Nachos are out there. A big pile of potato chips, covered in piles and piles of cheese, tomatoes, scallions, beef or chicken (optional), and a glunk of sour cream. Irish Nachos are great, but they are a meal-killer. They'll stare your entree down and stab it with some gooey cheesy. Make it a meal, not an appetizer. Don't say I didn't warn you.Pub Trivia is always fun, if not challenging. Seven rounds of questions that make you go, "Oh, I used to know this!" It's a fun way to spend the night. The only ONLY negative thing is that we're pretty sure there are cheaters. Oh yes, smoking girl. We're on to you. Unless you go through a whole pack in the span of two hours, we're pretty sure you're going outside to Google answers. Hope you enjoy the taste of pumpkin, because you are (allegedly), in purely scientific terms, a cheater, cheater, pumpkin eater.But i digress. Trivia is a lot of fun, potential cheaters aside. Check them out on Tuesday nights, or any nights. You'll enjoy it a lot more than most of what the next-door Orleans bars have to offer.
4	Rolled in on a Tuesday to grab a drink and catch up with my friend Richard. It was pretty full inside, but the hostess said she would do rounds and "make something work". LOVE that. She came over with a proposal - there was a table in the trivia section if we didn't mind it. She would just have to bring over two stools. We were perfectly ok with that. Now I had read other reviews about the Tuesday trivia, but I'm glad we sat there because although we were chatting away, it was noisy enough where no one noticed us. We tried to guess the trivia questions - they were a lot of fun and some were quite challenging. They gave away $50 and $100 bar tabs to the runner up and winning groups. I'll definitely have to come back again for this. The atmosphere is extremely laid back and our waitresses (we had two) were friendly and great. Richard ordered a Carlsberg and a Guinness (I believe one was $8 while the other was $6) while I had a Murphy's Irish Stout for $4. We shared a half size of the Irish Nachos (homemade crisps topped with bacon, scallions, cheese, and sour cream) for $8. The half size was ENORMOUS! (that's what she said). We couldn't come nearly close to finishing it, but it was sooooooo delicious (although sooooooo bad). Our total came out to be a little over $30 with tip. Great place to hang out - I need to come back for their AYCE Fish & Chips or their Sunday Roast Dinner (sounds ah.mazing!).
4	Service is iffy, but most oft the food is yummy.Trivia nights are fun and it's a great spot to meet up with out of towners.
5	Uh oh, I almost had to take McMullan's down a star, but they saved themselves in the nick of time.We were there as usual, sucking at Pub Trivia, and generally ordering fabulous food and drink. One of the couples, who I now officially deem "Trevorlyn," ordered the Caramel Apple Pie. Trust me, this pie is so friggin' good I was excited for them. But when the food came out, it was all delish... but Trevorlyn instead was greeted by some sad, misshapen lump of apple-looking crap.Sad day. :(When the waitress, a sassy redheaded Irish lass, checked on us, Trevorlyn said, "This doesn't look normal..." The waitress assured us that that was the way it was supposed to be, but you could tell she didn't even buy it. Well, sucks for us. McMullan's is losing a sta--Wait, what's this?? It's the Lass and I guess one of the manager with another big, real size, omgamazing-looking piece of Caramel Apple Pie, on the house! Apparently they were training someone in the back, and as suspected, it was too small and shouldn't have been sent out.Good to see that McMullan's recognizes its mistakes and corrects them. Fifth star restored!
4	Found this place after getting tiured off all the bad Casino food on the strip. It is awesome. Locally owned, and live music and a lively place. Big portions, great chicken, will be back next time I am in Vegas!
4	After a grueling 3-hour shopping excursion, my friend and I (along with my battered self esteem) decided to wash away our shopping disappointments at McMullan's Irish Pub.I have driven past McMullan's a million times but never so much as made it in to the parking lot.  Embracing my Irishness and taking in to consideration few know how to drink like the Irish, what better choice than to drown sorrows at an Irish pub!With that being said, we walked in to McMullans where the Irish theme and culture were richly represented.  Great band, lots of laughter, beers on special and the potato soup was worth the trip all in itself.If you are looking for a cozy eatery and watering hole and you're in the area, I would highly recommend this establishment. It's a little noisy for a date, perfect if you've been dating for a while and lost the interest in actually hearing what your other half has to say ;)
5	If you want to get away from the typical greasy bar food, try the Curry Chicken Pot Pie. Excelent!!
5	Love this place. Great food and great service.
4	The first time I was in this bar, was the night I unexpectedly fell in love with my husband. So this place holds a special place in my heart.Good size bar but the place can get packed. There's an outside patio to get some fresh air out of the noise. The staff is fun, the crowd is diverse and a blast. There are usually bands playing on the weekends, it gets loud with everyone singing along, so don't expect to hold a meaningful conversation with someone. They have a fine selection of beer and whiskey at great prices. I've eaten a few things from their menu but the thing we keep going back to is the Irish Nachos, crispy, fresh potato chips covered with tons of melted gooey cheese, bacon, green onions, tomatoes, and sour cream. The half order is huge, more than enough for the 2 of us.You can't help but have a good time here, whether your stopping in for a quick drink or planning on parking yourself bar side for the night."Thirst is a shameless disease so here's to a shameful cure."
4	Been by here a bunch of times but never stopped and finally my buddy Bob was like lets grab a drink after we busted from the tourney at the Orleans.  I was like cool, never been there!Bob is a regular there and they treat him well.  The bartenders are quick and friendly.   Not sure how often Bob comes in but they all knew him by 1st name.  I had a Kilkenny and a Blue Moon and they were tasty...makes me long for Ireland and their beers/pubs :(I guess the trivia night gets tons of people (200 sometimes?!) which seems kinda fun.The band is good (not great) they are really loud as the space is kind of small.  If u don't like loud music stay away weekend nights i guess :/   We were sitting at the bar and the bartenders even pointed out a booth that emptied if we wanted it away from the noise of the band which was nice of them.I guess every so often they do a golf gig including golf, food and drinks all day for $100 which sounds like a great deal.I'm looking forward to going back to try some food.Cheers
5	Best Irish Pub & Fish & chips in USA
5	This place is a secret little gem most people don't know about. Food is amazing, beer is cold, and happy hour specials are fantastic.Recommended: Fish & Chips, Chicken Florentine, and their Irish Nachos (splurge and get the blackened chicken on top, it will not disappoint).Note: you have to sit at the bar for the happy hour specials.
4	Great Irish pub. Celtic music, cool mixologists, good bar food. Perfect St. Paddy's Day hang.
4	I am there every Tuesday for Pub Quiz, so I would have to say, I have tried just about EVERYTHING on the menu.  The food is good and the staff is super friendly.  They are more than willing to accommodate special requests (just be sure to ask if there is an extra charge if you are worried).  The decor is what one would expect of an Irish Pub.  I have been going there for years, so I must like it! lol
4	Who goes to an Irish Pub and does not consume any alcohol? Me. I came here twice in one week with my coworkers, but only for lunch. So this review is based only on the ambiance, service and food.On our first visit we were seated in a very roomy, yet somewhat private booth. Our waiter was great, he kept our waters and iced teas refilled and answered the questions I had about the menu. On our second visit we were seated at a somewhat unstable table and service was a little slower/not quite as friendly... On to the food. For appetizers, the crab cakes are a winner. They were some of the best crab cakes I have had in Vegas, not too small and they had a nice kick to them.  I also had the steak sandwich which was great, and the excellent shepards pie.On the walls there were many signs that indicated McMullan's has a happy hour worth checking out, and from reading the card on the table I could see that they have a nice selection of beers and whiskeys. They also advertised a weekly trivia night (Tuesdays) and live bands on weekends. McMullans is definitely worth checking out if you are a fan of pubfood... even if you aren't drinking!!
5	Blackened Chicken Irish Nachos.  They're so delicious that I want to write an ode to them.  I'm sure the rest of the food here is delicious, too, but I'll probably never know.   Nachos made with homemade potato chips?  Brilliant.  I wish I could give this place ten billion stars.  It's got everything going for it.  An Irish pub that's open 24 hours a day and serves the tastiest nachos to ever pass through my lips?!?!  With video poker at the bar?  It can't get any better, right?  Wrong.  It can.  It's also a NY Jets bar.  I love that more than I love the nachos.  I'm packing up my car and moving to Las Vegas.
5	Fantastic lunch!  Home made steak and mushroom pie, so yummy!   Very attentive management/ owners and staff!  Can't wait to come back and try the all you can eat fish and chips on Thursdays!  Great Irish coffee and great selection of European beers!  Had a great soccer match playing in the pub, but also had an intimate, quieter dining room, not too removed from the action in the bar.  Really neat Irish bar!  Will be back!
3	Mediocre food and service.  Moderate sized private room available for meetings and parties.  Bartenders make a pretty good drink.  Nachos are huge.
4	McMullan's probably has one of the best happy hours in town. Great prices on the food, and a rotating drink menu make a perfect late night spot.Like a couple fellow yelpers mentioned, the HH item to order are the nachos. This plate is massive, even the smallest serving, the mini could easily feed 2-3 people. I remember ordering the full order once and pretty much everybody at the place was starting at the foot-high mound of potato chips and cheese. At around 7 bucks, you can't beat it. If your a wing person, try out the 12 wings, each tossed in a different flavor. Lemon-pepper was my favorite.The rotating beers on tap are a nice touch. Each night they put a special brew up for 4bux. The place can get really noisy and busy on the weekends. Certain night they have bands come in, and if there is soccer on, the place is packed.
5	There isn't much that can drag me out of the house during the week, but we always try to come Pub Quiz every Tuesday. We don't win too often, aside from best name... but the food and the company is enough to entertain us weekly. No matter how bummed we are about losing every week, we always come back for more. You have to try the Irish Nachos, although make sure you eat them in moderation! The burgers are really good too.
5	Service was excellent and the food was amazing. My husband and I both got corned beef (he got corned beef & cabbage and I got the corned beef sandwich), and it was delicious! Quite possibly the best corned beef I've ever had! I also had 2 drinks, the "Dark 'n' Fluffy" and the "Whipped Orange", both of which were really good! Glad we found this place before we left Las Vegas!
5	McMullan's was awesome! Everything my husband and I ordered was delicious. I read reviews where people raved about the Irish nachos and they did not disappoint! I also got the chicken florentein and my husband got bangers and mash. It's a great atmosphere. Will go again next time we're in Vegas!
5	It's s Las Vegas's best Irish pub.  Nachos,  are ridiculous ask for a side of onion gravy.  I'm not normally a corned beef guy,  but I gotta be honest,  I crave it from time to time. Their shepherd's pie is tasty, bangers and mash are good,  basically I've never had a bad meal here.  It's off strip behind The Orleans so it's a must stop by if staying there,  and there's no excuses since its a 24 hour establishment with 2 different happy hours.  Call ahead and ask what the $4 pint of the day is.
4	The decor is really great.  There are quite a few different places to sit: they have a bar, tables with stools, a few booths that have really private alcoves, and then different seating areas with bench type seats and regular chairs for groups.  There is also some outdoor seating, and they are prepared for the winter chills with upright heaters.  They have live music pretty regularly.  There is... or was, not sure, a one-man band called Finnegan's Wake.  The last band I saw did some pretty cool Van Morrison and Flogging Molly covers.I know it's blasphemy not to drink at Irish pub, but I don't drink at all, so I can't really rate the drinks.  I've heard from friends that the Guinness on tap is good, and that the Irish Coffee was ok.  They have these "Bit o' Beers" which run about $5 and have a sampler of... I think it was 5 beers.  There are 3 kinds, but the beers listed are all you can get, as in you can't substitute anything.  They have similar offerings for whiskey, and there is always a beer on special for a $4 pint.I like to start with the chips.  They are homemade, and come with two different sauces.  The rosemary is my favorite, but the curry isn't bad, either.  They have Irish nachos, but it's basically just nachos with potato chips instead of tortilla chips.  Ground beef, cheese and potato are Irish staples which could be had in better ways.In the winter, my favorite dish is the Beef and Guinness Stew.  Unfortunately, it is seasonal, so it's not currently being offered.  It's a saucy stew, obviously, and has tender vegetables, and of course, of course, potato.If you aren't sure of what to get, they have a dinner entree called "Aon, Do, Tri," which, if you say it out loud, is "One, Two, Three," with an Irish accent.  That is a sampler with Corned Beef and Cabbage, Diddy's Irish Stew, and Shepherd's Pie.  Quite good with the exception of the Irish Stew, which I found to be a bit bland.  I enjoy the fish and chips (make sure you ask for the Heinz Malt Vinegar on the side."  Crispy fish and crispy french fries.  I've been meaning to try the Reuben, but it comes with an onion relish or something like that, and you know how I feel about onions.My friend had a slice of chocolate cake for dessert on her birthday, and that was rich, decadent, and delicious.  The reason it doesn't get a 5/5 is because of the service.  The servers are nice and orders come out correctly, but sometimes it can be insanely slow.  I've been on nights where it wasn't so crowded, and I've been on nights where, walking through the crowd, I couldn't tell if it was really that packed or I was getting groped.  Although it doesn't happen every time, there are occasions, regardless of crowd, where a meal has taken an insanely long time.  I don't mind because I go with friends and we have no problems chit chatting, but if I was in a hurry, or less easy going, it'd be frustrating.  My last experience, I made a reservation at least a week prior for 7:00 for a birthday party, and came to find out when we arrived one of our tables had been given away.  We didn't actually get seated until 8:00 (they put us outside to sit and wait where it was pretty hot.  Who I assume is the owner came out and apologized, but nothing was really done to compensate), the appetizers we ordered didn't get there until almost 9:00, and the food took forever to come out once it was ordered.  I will assume it's because it was packed and a Friday night, but jeez, the wait was really something else.  I will continue to go here when the Irish food craving bites me, but I'll make sure not to go on a Friday night.  I shudder to think about the wait times on St. Patty's Day.
5	This visit to Las Vegas was supposed to be for a wedding until the bride and groom decided that they were gonna go there separate ways. The father of the bride was nice enough to rent a huge party limo with doolies and get all of us together for dinner and rented one of the private rooms here at McMullans.  When the limo went of the strip I was a little nervous, and being my first time in an Irish joint, I was really nervous. That feeling didn't last long let me tell you.  The father of the bride Jim stood up proudly, and thanked us for making the trip and joining his family in this tough time. He then showed his appreciation by announcing a full bar and dinner buffet on him.  The bartenders were super friendly and poured a great beer.  They put out some appetizers as we all sat around the round tables sharing our stories of how the bride and groom brought us together.  By the time the dinner bell was rang we were all pretty shit faced.  I couldn't even tell you what all they had to eat.  They did have some off the best fish in chips I've ever had.  It was served with a homemade tarter sauce, fresh lemons and some one at the table turned me on to Malt vinegar for my fries.  The bartenders went above and beyond, clearing plates seconds after my fork hit the middle of the plate as I pushed it away from me.  Drinks were refilled promptly so I didn't even have to get up after I got my buzz.  I would like to personally thank the fine folks of McMullans for putting on great dinner and it was a night we will talk about for years to come.
5	Awesome cold beers and mixed drinks! Priced right too!  Appetizers were excellent.  Service was wonderful.  Atmosphere and bar design is wonderful.  Loved our visit, and will return on next trip to LV.
2	The drink selection here is great with an amazing Irish whiskey catalogue. The food, however is sub standard. The nachos were cold when I got them, and I doubt piping hot nachos would've tasted a lot better. Fish and chips were decent and the bartenders had little to no personality.
5	I have been in a few times and I am always impressed. They have THE BEST IRISH COFFEE I've ever had in my life! Hand whipped fresh whipped cream and it is amazing! I have only eaten their twice and both times I've had the Fish & Chips. The fish and chips taste fresh and crispy. I absolutley love it. Great service, dim, laid back atmosphere and very cute Irish decore.
5	I happened to get lucky, I have a friend who is a regular, and got invited to the roast of Brian McMullan, the owner. Hilarious.It was such a great time, everyone was so friendly and the beer was delivered fast, frothy and cold. Yum.This is one place that you go to if you want to meet all of your friends and have a great time. It actually reminds me of a place in Chicago that my friend B. took me to. He played rugby and he and all of his friends used to hang out in this dark, raucous place just drinking and telling tall tales and basically just partying. That is McMullan's. Authentically Irish. Good times.So, I could say five stars just for the beer, service and fun, but the food was delicious! I was in an Irish pub so only Irish for me! I had the Irish pie with steak and mushrooms and whoa. It was fabulous. There is absolutely nothing like drinking and eating great pub food, especially when it's so authentically done. It had the tender, flaky crust, the really good gravy and a side of mashed potatoes and peas. Doesn't get better than that! It was so big that I had to share it with my friend!All in all, this place is the real deal. In a city where there isn't a lot of authenticity, McMullan's shines. I have a good feeling I may make some of the best friends I'll find here. Loved it.
5	I love McMullan's. I come here after work, I come here for lunch on my work break, and I've come here on dates. If you ask me to go to a bar, I'm gonna want it to be McMullan's. Love love love.The servers are all super friendly, and the McMullan family is full of great people. Outside of the bar they've created and the service they provide, they work with a great charity that fights childhood cancers every year called St. Baldrick's. Every year, they host a big event where people get their heads shaved in solidarity with kids battling cancer and they raise a TON of money in partnership (usually) with other Irish pubs in town. They also do other events to help raise money for childhood cancers, but off the top of my head, I couldn't name them. The drinks are fairly priced, and the food is AWESOME. Seriously, order the nachos. I eat (and drink) there all the time, and I haven't had a bad meal yet. When it's really crowded, it can take a bit to get your drinks or find a server, but it's never been bad enough to irritate me or make me leave - that's what happens in bars. McMullan's also hosts live music and a trivia night every Tuesday. The trivia night gets really crowded but is pretty fun (and challenging), so I'd suggest going beforehand to eat and get a table as early as possible - at least an hour. The music is usually one particular performer who is dirty and funny and really talented, but I am secretly old and don't like going when he performs on Friday and Saturday nights as you can't hear your friends talking to each other over the music. Outside might be better for chatting when the bands are playing.Parking can be a little hard to find on crowded nights, but the Home Depot next door-ish always has space. I've only had to park that far on Trivia Tuesday, and maybe after one or two Wranglers games. Check out McMullan's once and you'll probably end up coming back. How many other bars get you drunk AND give back to children?! Only the best ones.
5	Great Irish bar with a superb Irish whiskey menu. I was staying neat door at the Orleans and thought I would try this place. The bartender (Dallas) introduced himself to me and he explained the whiskey menu an answered any questions. He recommended the fish and chips and other of his favorites. Best fish and chips I have ever eaten. Tartar sauce was even better. Whiskey was great too. This will be a destination for me next time I visit Vegas
5	i love irish beer. i made the mistake of asking if the bartender was from new castle because of his accent. no hes irish... he said he hopes i choke on my smithwicks. he was just joking though. always a good place to grab some drinks. guinness, kilkenny, murphys, smithwicks, all good stuff.
4	Needed a place to watch some soccer and Crown & Anchor had already annoyed me in that respect.  I cantacted MIP and they said they would definately be playing the game I wanted to see.  Showed up with a friend and were sent to the back where the game was showing.  Was happy to have it on but could have done without being relegated to the smoking area, but it is a bar ... so I sucked up.We both ordered food - good, good stuff.  I had a blackened burger with chips and we ordered some of that onion gravy on the side - also good stuff.  I forget what he had but he liked it.I tried whiskey for the first time - forget what it was called but it was Jamisons and ginger ale ... a Ginger Something or other.  May be my new favorite drink. Anyway - thanks McMullans - I will be back :)
5	Their food sounds fairly familiar on the menu, but when you taste them, they have a exotic strangeness that I like. For example, I never knew what "Marie Rose Sauce" tasted like until I went there to have some chips, but their Irish Curry tasted like a spicier version of my mom's Asian Curry. It even has the same greenish color too.Any time after 5pm, at any day, is happy hour here. And that means appetizers are half price and so are some of the selected beers. And these are not small appetizers, a plate of Irish chips is about the size of a meal at a fraction of the price ($4) that I would pay for a Big Mac at McDonalds. Nachos and fries are ridiculously huge on the plate.You'll find a lot of exotic beers here, with names that you never heard of anywhere else. The folks serving you drinks are bona fide Irish, they talk with a accent thats kind of hard to understand without concentrating. And the drinks have a tendency to creep up on me, it builds up to a drunk feeling that is a lot stronger than what I am used to. You can find a legitimate Irish Breakfast here too, with black pudding (blood sausage), eggs, etc. And it barely puts a dent in the bank account, just ten bucks!
4	I met some friends who were already here and I must say ALL of us were impressed. Right as I got there they were ordering food, which was Sheppard's Pie, Irish Nachos, and Sticky Toffee Pudding! All of it was DELICIOUS!!! The staff was Great and we all determined we will be coming back! I also like the fact, if you didn't want to sit at the bar or by the bar they had a separate eating area too. More cozy and quite if you can believe for a bar. P.S.-We had a second helping of sticky toffee pudding! Mmm Mmm Good
4	Great Pub.  Smoke free section.   Check it out.
4	Happy Hour prices and yummy food make this hidden gem an easy 5 star hangout.Since apps were half off 10pm-1am, I had to try a bunch of different ones!  But I had no idea the portions were so huge!  Fish and Chips were good, nice and tender fish, good tartar sauce, fries were decent.  Tried the chips and gravy...didn't do much for me.  Yes, the fries are good, yes the gravy was good, but the combo isn't crazy awesome for me...just tastes fattening.  Preference thing I guess.  Also tried the wings.. 12 in 3 different sauces one.  Cooked well and seasoned well, although the BBQ was noticeably better in my book.  And the infamous chip nachos...good, but wasn't crazy good to me.  Maybe I have to get drunk first lol.  Portions are retarded on this one.They also had a cool beer tasting and whiskey tasting...5 shots of beer for $5, and the whiskey list had some good stuff on there, starting around $30.Why are we missing a star then?  Service is almost nonexistent.  The only "server" at 11pm is the bartender.....If he has people in front of him, you will not get much of service.  And it is not entirely his fault...they just don't want to hire a food/drink server around happy hour time, so if they are busy, you will WAIT.Took a while to get the food order in, but once the order was in, the food came out fast.  But we didn't get checked on the entire time, and it took forever to get the check.  We received no refills, on beer or water.   I was going to order another beer after dinner was done, but by the time he finally came over, I decided to just take the check and go.  I guess the real way to get service here is to go directly to the bar if you need anything.  You would probably get it fairly quickly.  Just don't expect anyone to come asking if you need anything.  Don't treat it like a restaurant, and you will have a good time!Lastly, I called to confirm it was a family friendly spot.  I was ensured it was, even at 11pm.  The place wasn't smokey and smelly like a bar, so it was comfortable even with the little one.  Just in case anyone was wondering.
4	Service is decent enough.. depending who you get.My coworkers have spoken highly of their Irish Nachos, however, it's just so-so to me :x. But still worth a try if you've never had.They have happy hour specials between 3-6pm in the afternoon and 10pm-2am at night every day. Their menu will indicate *HH* for all the ones that apply to happy hour so you won't be surprised when the bill comes!The lighting is dim so watch out if you're playing cards that need better lighting ;b. Otherwise, it's a pretty chill place to hang out with friends and just drink/eat.Their website has a more extensive list of all their specials. Tons of them :)!(http://www.mcmullansirishpub.com/menu_specials.shtml)GRAVEYARD SPECIALS Everyday from 11pm 'til 7am$1 off all 20oz Draught Pints 2 for 1 Liquor Specials with Casino ID
5	A real Irish pub serving great food and drinks.  Ask for the Irish breakfast and you won't be disappointed.
1	1st Fridays we go to McMullins for Oysters. Yesterday, as usual we met another couple for Happy Hour.  The server "Jennifer" sucked.  Bad attitude. We asked for separate checks, ordered and was over charged for items. She never cleared our table. Only when we got up to get rid of the plates that had been sitting for 30 minutes did the bus person take them away.  When we got the bill. It was one check not split as requested when we sat down.  The server denied we had asked.  More attitude.What troubles me as much is everyone else still wanted to give her a 18% tip.  Why?  For crap service?   We support the establishment by spending our hard earned money.  This server should be fired not getting a $20.00 tip for attitude and crappy service.
3	I had a serious, inexplicable craving for fish and chips this week so we decided to try McMullan's for their Thursday night AYCE deal (5-11, $15, all the fish and chips you want).Sadly, we were seduced by the Irish Nachos on the appetizer menu so we could not take full advantage of the special. We split a mini order of the nachos and did not finish them and we were still practically full by the time our main dish arrive. Those things are amazing! And amazingly bad for you.The fish part of the fish and chips was great! The fish was mild and flaky with a thick beer batter. The chips, eh, they were ok. Oddly enough, I quite liked the tartar sauce which was kind of different and almost had a tzatziki taste to it.The reason I am giving McMullan's three stars is the service. Ack. We waited around forever when we first got there and no one appeared to seat us. It's a bar so we thought, ok, maybe we should seat ourselves. We attempted to do so before feeling awkward and then wandering back up to the entrance where a guy eventually appeared to half-heartedly show us to our table. Our waitress, when she showed up, was not super friendly and the service in general is kind of slow.Finally, though they claim to be "purveyors of the perfect pint," both my husband's beer and my cider were FLAT.
3	Awesome place! Great food!! Just make sure you don't come with a big group and have Jessica as your server. Very moody
4	One of my fav Irish bars and the food is so good. Irish nachos are delicious and their fish and chips are bomb. Recently had the Irish sliders and scotch egg which were super good. So far they can do no wrong.
5	Best Irish pub in all of Vegas.  Haul your beer chugging team out on Tuesday nights for the trivia smackdown that kicks off at 8pm.  It's 6 rounds of fun and lasts approx 2 hours.  Grand prize is a $100 bar tab credit.  As soon as the game ends, apps are 50% off.
4	It been years but use too be regular regular HH at McMullan back in the days (before the smoking law hence the renovation so now inside wall separate smoking section). Loved it! Unlike most bars always find machine on the bar here at McMullan whole area not single machine!! The bar area really nice, they have little cubby hole area at one end of the bar (so can have your own mini party area of sorts), and interior designs with all the little decor spills Irish. They opened up the non smoking side of the bar with since last visit with more bigger tables and even table with pour your own beer from the tap (the prices have no idea; believe it goes by the volume you purchase). I believe on the weekends they play live music on the little stage set up inside and still have trivia night on tuesday believe. The Guinness!!!!!!!! Nothing better in life then drinking Guinness in Irish Pub. But even better is one that done RIGHT taking the time let the beer settle then top off the pint for perfect Guinness. They even till you that up front so if running pinch late that GREAT thing. The vive from moment step in is Irish form the decor, obviously most patrons throwing back Guinness, Harps, or maybe some black and tans, the music play inside, and the food. The food interesting being years since last visit but yet HH menu still exactly the same. Great thing. I have always been fan of the nachos! Kettle chips Brilliant! When you get too the bottom of the mound nice know that not soggy enough chip hold all the good stuff on top. It mound even half size is lot of food. The sausage rolls best part is the dough on the outside nice hot and moist. The mustard dipping sauce perfect compliment. The fish and chips some of the best fish and chips I had in town. Everything is reasonable price too! HH is awesome!The only thing that conscious of if Wranglers game night. It can get packed before and after the game. Thankfully some of iceacholics family day drinking (HH) so beat the crowd could enjoy the company. It gets packed the place tends too get loud and since small place gets nuts. Miss my McMullans think need go back more often especially if on Guinness binge. Lol!!!!
1	Pissed I have to give it one star!  Let me preface this review by saying that I did not eat here.  I did not eat here because upon arrival, the host (who wasn't at the stand when we came in, but had to wait several minutes for him to appear) just walked up and said flatly, "There's no room here. We're full."  My mother, sister and I (all well dressed and very presentable) stared at him in shock at his rudeness, and he said, "We have trivia tonight and there's a soccer game."  The place was indeed very full, and we had come hoping to play the trivia (and were about 20 minutes early for trivia), but there are better ways to handle this, such as merely being nice to potential customers.  Needless to say, this was a total turnoff to ever try coming back to this place.
4	2 words keep me coming back. Pub Quiz. Fish and Chips aint half bad either. discovered this place a month or so ago b/c of a friend and we've been tuesday regulars ever since. I'm typically a creature of habit so you'll usually see me with a coffee, bits o fish (appetizer version of fish/chips) and / or sticky toffee pudding. Never any issues with any of the items stated above. Yes, service is slow and sometimes not so friendly but its busy and loud and what I expect out of a packed pub. Not bad enough to keep me from pub quiz, or fish and chips... See ya Tuesday !!
5	Great food, great service and the decor transports you all the way to Ireland. What more can you ask for? Get the fish and chips, you'll thank me.
4	Excellent food! Scotch eggs are very good, Aztec burger and fries delicious !  Service was on the line, hence no 5th star.
4	Came in on a Tuesday for dinner with a client. McMullan's offers pint specials daily and today was Carlsburg.I ordered the Coast Road Inn Fish & Chips - three beer-battered north Atlantic cod fillets served with fries, coleslaw & tartar sauce. Went great with my cold Carlsburg beer! I heart the decor in McMullan's and later that evening they hosted trivia night and the place was packed.Service from our waitress was friendly and spot on and I could tell this was a locals joint. Even my client enjoyed dinner and the atmosphere and said he would return to McMullan's just as I would.
5	Hands down, my favorite pub in town!I may not drink alcohol, but I definitely LOVE the food and atmosphere at this place. The happy hour really can't be beat, from 3PM-6PM and 11PM-2AM, with 1/2 priced full-size appetizers. I usually order a plate of the Irish Nachos with Blackened Chicken. These nachos are like CRACK. Fried potato crisps covered in cheese, bacon and chicken. Absolutely delicious.If you're going just for the appetizers, I also recommend the sausage rolls and chicken fingers, both are absolutely delicious!In addition to the appetizer menu, the items on the regular menu are pretty damn tasty as well. I love the Grilled Blackened Chicken sandwich, which provides a pretty filling meal for $9.For the most part, the service at this place is pretty good. There are a couple of bartenders that are less talkative than others, but most everyone is rather friendly. I recommend avoiding this place on Friday nights, as there is a loud and not particularly great band that plays covers all night (Darby O'Gill and the Little People). Other than that, you're golden!
5	Great food, great vibe and very nice people.  Enjoyed a great shepards pie.
5	Love this place, great atmosphere, best fish n chips and great happy hour. The vibe is laid back and on the weekends there is live music, great place to grab a beer after work!
5	One of the best (and toughest) pub trivia nights I've ever been to.  Plus, irish beers on tap and awesome staff.  This place rocks.
4	*** This review is for the Shenanigans room only ***I have been to McMullan's twice for shows.  There is a rather larger room on the west side of the building that is used for plays or other performances.  Last night, I came to see "Stones in His Pockets,"  an Irish play.  The room is just perfect for this kind of small production!  Last night, the room was set up for approximately 50 people.  There are low chairs and chairs that are bar height.  Since you're at McMullan's, there's ample room to put a beer or some Irish style nachos to enjoy while you watch the show.The people at McMullan's have always been extremely pleasant and they welcome people to the pub more graciously.  Now, I need to go back and have an Irish pie and I'll update my review so I can judge the food.
5	I absolutely love going here for trivia night, and would a lot more often if my two most solid teammates hadn't moved away. Sob! But they were back for a visit, so off we went, with a few more characters of questionable worth in tow (they were relatives- what can you do)? Turned out great. We had a large enough party to sit in a private room, and with a small crowd, you can order ALL the appetizers and not look fat! (OK, maybe that part didn't work). We got there a couple of hours early so we could take our time eating and drinking, and it worked out fine. Waitress seemed a little moody at first, but cheered up as the evening wore on (didn't we all?) ,so we have no complaints about the service. The food is good, but bear in mind that, being Irish and all, the cuisine is very heavily potato-based. I have no quarrel with that, but food that heavy does sit a little better when the weather is cooler. Might also help not to scarf down quite so much of it, but how can you leave any of those cheese-a-licious Irish nachos on the plate, even when your huge platter of fish and chips is coming and you KNOW you're going to order the sticky toffee pudding? Have another beer - it will be OK. Tried the curry flavored pot pie- spicy and delicious, and really liked the turkey burger, topped with (YES!) goat cheese. The homemade potato chip side dish was odd- strange pile of light, crisp fried flaky things. Didn't taste bad, but the texture was dry and more like packing material. Of course, if we hadn't eaten potatoes in 10 other incarnations prior to these, they would not have survived, either. Only loser was the wing appetizer. The parmesan flavor were hot, juicy, and crispy, but a few seconds after the initial bite, you were hit with such an overpowering jolt of salt and sour that each and every mouth puckered into a very convincing sphincter facsimile. The Trivia was fun and well-run, as usual, and even the scrubs came through, pulling some correct answers out of god-knows-where! (Ex: during the song identification segment, they played the first few bars of a lot of 60's songs. My 23 year old daughter laughed that they all sounded like "Lollipop" to her. So, on the one we had no clue about, we guessed Lollipop, and OMG it was right)! Proves that it's helpful to bring a variety of folks. You never know what they're going to ask.We finished respectably, probably could have done a little better if we quit fighting over the answers and the last of the whipped cream! Not to mention our star player took the opportunity to hibernate through most of it. Oh well- next time!
5	I can now update my review for McMullan's because we came here for dinner last night before going to a show at the Las Vegas Little Theatre.  While I am not knowledgeable about Irish pubs, McMullan's earns all 5 stars--it was as good as it gets!I asked our server, Jessica, if we could sit out of the bar area in the small room that is to the right after you enter.  Once our eyes adjusted to the dim lighting, it turned out to be the right choice.  It's a delightful room and just a bit away from the music and the talking in the bar area.I had studied the menu online before we went, and I knew what I was getting, the Irish chicken curry pie.  Andrea surprised me by wanting the steak and mushroom pie so it was Irish pies for both of us.  We knew in advance that it would be at least a 25 minute wait and we just chatted and I took some photos and explained what was behind the door to the Shenanigans room.Our pies were brought to us and they were delicious.  I loved the curry taste of my chicken and there was some zing to the curry.  It was much different than the flavors of Indian or Thai curry.  The pastry was very flaky and stayed that way all the time I was eating.  Andrea enjoyed her pie, too.  With both dinners came a large amount of mashed potatoes and a good serving of peas.  All the time, our iced teas were refilled and Jessica checked back often to see how we were doing. Of course, a dinner out is not complete without the sweet so we ordered sticky toffee pudding for dessert and shared it.  We got it with vanilla ice cream which was put in a separate glass goblet so the heated pudding didn't melt the ice cream.  A winning dish!During our time here, Mr. McMullan came to the table twice.  He remembered me from the shows I was there to see and he wanted to say hello.  Later he checked to make sure everything was OK with our dinner.The personal touch of Mr. McMullan, the delightfully friendly server Jessica, and the outstanding food all made the evening a 5 star experience.  And what could be better than this--seeing two Yelp friends and somewhat neighbors, who were there having dinner too!  Hey Candace. and August.  Good to see you again!We will be coming back to try more of the things on their extensive menu!
2	Unfortunately our experience at McMullan's was not that good when we visited in early July.  My wife and I went for a walk with the intent on rewarding ourselves with a pint or two at the end of the walk.  We entered McMullan's and went to the bar.  We were the only people in the place.  In a few minutes the bartender, David, came in from the other side.  He later explained that McMullan's has an Irish side and a Vegas side.  We ordered our beer and he went to the Vegas side.  In a few minutes he returned, and it was like he just remembered and poured our beer.  He again disappeared to the Vegas side.  When he came back for our food order, I asked some questions and he said that he had been working there for six years.  My thought was that he could not treat all customers as badly as he was treating us because no manager would keep staff who are so inattentive.  I concluded that his girlfriend must have been on the Vegas side and that was why he was spending so much time there.  We will return to McMullan's on our next trip to Las Vegas, partly to enjoy the Irish pub, partly to enjoy the Guinness, but mostly to see if the staff is more interested in treating us as patrons.
4	Is there any good happy hours on a Saturday night? Yes there is!!! I must say this is one of the better happy hours spots I've been to in general. Starts at 10pm and ends at 2 am. Half off appetizers and $1 off well drinks/ pints of beer. Not bad at all. Started with the Bits O' Beer #2, which consisted of Carlsberg, Stella Artois, Glenance Hefeweizen, Blue Moon and Blackthorn Cider, which was $5. I'm a sucker for a good hef, so I opted for this one. The last three beers were my faves. We ordered the appetizer fish and chips, which was big enough to share. It was good, what fish and chips are supposed to taste like. Also got the steamed mussels, served with a tomato broth. I've had better mussels at Herbs & Rye, so this dish was just eh. Good thing it was half off.The best part of the night was our entertainment. Older Irish gentlemen playing the guitar and harmonica singing songs requested by the audience. Nothing hip, so don't expect any Jay-Z or anything. He also had a lot of witty sayings like "May the good Lord take a liking to you, but not too soon." Made fun of the other drinking patrons which was funny. Good drinks, good food, good company, good entertainment.
4	Oh why do I come here? It's mainly because of their daily specials on drinks, their amazing happy hour and I like to be Iiiirissshhh (pronounced: Arrrrggghhh-rissshh). Drinks: depending on which day you go, it's one type of beer and it'll be $4 pint, all day.Food: Happy hour starts 10 pm - 3 am? Or was it 11 pm - 3 am? Also something like 6 pm - 8 pm? Sorry I can't remember what time their happy hour is. It just happens that every time I go, it's happy hour! Anyways, it's half off for HH. Do get the fish and chips, nachos (with or without meat), and chicken wings.Service: Eh, depending on whom your bartender/server is. It's a hit or miss. Sometimes they're your BFF, sometimes they're your ugly fat neighbor that hates your cat.
5	This place is AWESOME!   We were visiting from San Diego and heard about this place through a friend who lives in the area.   He said to try the Irish nachos.  They were delicious!  We also ordered the fish and chips and bangers and mash.  The food was great and so was the beer.  I haven't had fish and chips this good in years.  Service was great as well.  We will definitely come back next time we're in Vegas.
1	I went back to McMullan's for their AYCE fish and chips again and was super disappointed.The fish had a distinctly unappetizing ammonia-like smell. My husband smelled it, I smelled it, and even our waitress smelled it after we pointed it out to her.A second order was just as bad-smelling. Fish starts to smell like ammonia when it rots and decomposes. Mmm-mmm good.The one star is for the Irish nachos, which were delicious (we split an order of those instead, after the fish was taken off the bill).I won't be back.
5	I went to Vegas for a bachelor party in July.  The groom is a soccer fan and we went to McMullan's to watch his team play.  We happened to go on a Saturday and went for the sole purpose of watching the game with some good beer in hand.  We lucked out and got the table with the tap in the middle so we could refill our own beers.They had a musician playing that night though.  At first we were bummed since it would take away from the soccer game but then he performed.  He was amazing.  He had a book full of hundreds of songs he knew by heart.  He knew tons of Irish Limericks.  He kept the crowd involved and entertained the whole time.  It turned a good experience into a great one.The next time I go to Vegas, I am going to go here on a Saturday just to hear John Windsor again.
3	This is right next door to the Orleans Casino where we recently stayed....and wanted to eat outside the compound.  The pub offered a nice "bits o' beer" flight of 5 samples, including Guiness, Harp and Mangers Cider for only $5 ......good deal but the cider tasted a bit off for Mangers.   For dinner we had a chicken-enriched salad and Irish stew, where the lamb greatly resembled beef and the only veggies with carrots, potatoes, celery and onions....no turnips or other authentic root crops.Prices were reasonable, ambiance and service were fine, and it was a nice break from the casino atmosphere and noise.
4	Its a great late night spot to get good bar food.I had the Irish nachos with chicken. I live all the toppings but im not sold on the home made chips. The consistency  was off, but in my drunken haze they were yummy.
5	My happy place. A family-owned pub that puts the competition to shame. bar offerings are great and the food is awesome. I could live on Irish Nachos alone.
5	The closest thing to the Emerald Isle in Nevada or California! Great Irish favs and best Irish coffee too! I have a McCraig card that gets $10 off every $100 spent. So that's a bonus. If you make it down here, and you should, ask for Cassidi. (I got the spelling from my bill.) She's a sweety!
4	I've been to McMullan's a few times over the last few years.  I've never ordered anything other than the shepherd's pie (AMAZING), although I've tasted the Irish Nachos, and the stew (both are great.)Friday night, I finally tried their fish and chips:  They were delightful.  The breading was perfect.  Not too greasy, and not too much breading either.They have an all you can eat Fish and Chips night on Thursday night, which I dont think I'll be doing, personally...3 filets were enough for me, but if you have an appetite, definitely do the all you can eat.Also, I tried a bowl of their creamy potato soup, which was absolutely delicious.  Atmosphere was lovely, and our server was very nice and attentive. Great value for the money.
5	Best place to chill an have a good time in Vegas. Easy going great atmosphere. Must visit especially when Jason or zack are bar tending.
5	loved this place. came here for some beers and fish and chips! came here on a sat night and they had a live person singing and taking request. he was funny too! the bartenders were nice and friendly and we were actually there for their happy hour which starts at 10pm but they informed us it switched to 11pm. which was no biggy. we love it there. always a great time here. made me miss ireland a little bit !
5	This had the feel of a real Irish pub, and the fare was good too. There are a lot of locals that seem to make a regular appearance, and they are really friendly and accepting. We tried the wrapped sausage appetizer - it was delicious! The bread was flaky like a pastry. We also had the shepherds and Irish pie, both with beef. The shepherds pie was similar to a chili dish. We ordered it with cheese on top and regretted it. It was really loaded with cheese, which overpowered the rest of the dish. Both were really good. As far as beer selection, this place does alright. Of course, they have Guinness. We tried a porter, and it was so good, and thick so that you couldn't even pass a light through it. We recommend this place for a few decent beers, the Irish pub feel, and delicious although heavy food.
5	My husband and I agreed we needed something new, it had been a while for Irish. First thing I wanted to try the beer, so I got 'bits of beer' #3, Guinness, Kikenny cream ale, Murphy's Irish Stout, Boddingtons cream ale, and Smithwicks Irish ale. They were all good, some strong and some very light, loved them all!We got two apps to go with the bits of beer, the Irish sausage rolls and McMullan's Irish nachos. The sausage rolls had sausage stuffed in puff pastry and came with a mustard dipping sauce, they were crispy like a egg roll. The nachoes were not expected, a tower of potato chips smothered in cheese, bacon, onions, tomatoes, chives and sour cream! Like a baked potato but made with chips, very good and very big order, both apps could have been shared by four or more!For entree's, he got the Irish pie and I got Nanny Mac's Shepherds pie! Both were rich and delicious, filling and warmed my heart! Carrots, sweet peas and ground beef in a savory broth covered with mashed! Served with brown bread! Yummy.We still had room for dessert and had to try the sticky toffee pudding with scoop of ice cream! Very good food, exceptional  service and great beer!
4	The food is amazing!  I have never been disappointed with anything I've ordered.  The service on the other hand is not so great.  This is not the place for "quick" bite as we're usually there at least an hour because of service. I've only been at dinner time, though, so it may be quicker for lunch.  9 times out of 10 they're not very friendly either. Seem to have more fun with each other than bothering with the patrons.  John Windsor is hilarious and talented, though so I would definitely recommend this place on a weekend. Darby O'Gill  & the Little People plays there often and they are a lot of fun, too! The food and entertainment definitely make up where the service is lacking.
5	This bar wins my heart with good Irish music and Smithwicks on tap!My two favorite bar food items: chicken tenders and nachos. Both of which are excellent choices here. When ordering the nacho plate, just know that the small order will feed 2 - 3 people alone. Along with everything else, the smoking room is sectioned off so it doesn't interfere with the entire bar - LOVE this!
5	The hype in Vegas is 9 Fine Irishmen if you want to go to an "Irish bar". That place is great but way over priced. Do yourself a favor and stop in here. I've been to Dunlin and done the "bar tour". They all seem like this place at three times the price (pound sterling yikes). Plenty of Irish draft choices to make you think your in an authentic pub and the Irish nachos are huge, even the "mini" order.  That being said,  avoid 3 angry wife's on savannah. It's Irish in name, but you will get some of the worst service in Vegas.
5	This pub is definitely in my top 3 in this town. There's so much to comment on but I will just include the things that truly made me fall in love with McMullan's.- $2 chips and gravy during happy hour(regularly $4). The gravy was so good you could drink it right from the bowl. And after several Smithwick's I did just that to prove it.- Buy one get one free drinks when you show them a Las Vegas Wrangler's ticket stub from that night.- Amazing beers on tap including the aforementioned Smithwick's, Guinness, Harp, Boddingtons, and a selection of deliciously tart ciders.- They know how to correctly pour a Guinness!- The live bands are ALWAYS entertaining and many times very funny!- There is a special closed off sidebar for smokers so you can actually go to this bar for a few hours and come home without your clothes smelling all nasty
4	I was very surprised by the place!!We went to McMullans after finding nothing worthwhile inside the Orleans Hotel for dinner.  I assumed it would just be typical pub food, but once we started looking at the menu, we had a hard time deciding what to order. Every item on the menu sounded delicious. I eventually settled on the Grand Irish Rueben which was indeed delicious, and the red onion relish that came on it really help set itself apart from typical Rueben sandwiches. This most impressive thing about this place is what my buddy ordered. He got the Irish Monster Burger, which is a one pound Ground Top Sirloin burger with cheese, lettuce, tomatoes, pickles, bacon, onion rings, and 1000 Island Dressing. It also comes on an abnormally large sized bun. I challenged my buddy to eat the whole thing and surprisingly he did. This is truly one of the better Irish Pubs I have been to and will definitely come back next time I am in town.
4	Met some clients here for dinner during the week. It wasn't crazy busy as my previous visit which was kinda nice.We started off  with the Do Dheag Wings - 12 wings, 3 different ways - bbq, hot sauce & lemon pepper seasoning along with crab cakes which were solid starters. We also ordered dinner ala carte. I was in the mood for something different and went for the Irish stew - braised lamb, potatoes & other vegetables and came with homemade brown bread. The stew was hearty tasting and  was really satisfying. I also tried the bangers and gravy which was yummy & could be also a nice appetizer. Another tasty entree is the fish and chips. Service from our waiter was spot on and friendly. Mcmullan's Irish Pub has a locals atmosphere but I felt comfy and welcome!
4	Been here twice now! First pub I visited when I turned 21 (mostly because I was craving some Irish nachos). Happy hour is so worth it because you get a good amount of food for a very low price. The full-sized Irish nachos was monstrous and delicious. The gravy that came with the fries and gravy was delicious but not overly salty at all. The bits o fish (small appetizer size of fish and chips) were hot and crisp. Beers and ciders during happy hour are $1 off as well. (:We went on a Friday and there was live music, the whole place was full, and everyone seemed to be in a jolly mood (is it the alcohol?). We were a little lost at first, waiting for a table to be cleared up, but that was handled promptly once we were noticed by a host.McMullan's was a great first pub experience. Our waitress was friendly and funny as well and I can definitely see myself coming back here when late night hunger strikes!
5	Great and friendly staff which is very important. Food is definitely impressing. Enjoyed my very first Irish coffee I've ever had. The venue is so adorable & makes me feel like I'm in a different place. The live music adds to the excitement in this pub. Definitely will go back and will recommend to my friends & guests of my resort. Two thumbs up!!!
1	The Irish Nachos were a bit bland.  We came in to get an appetizer,  meal and possibly desert. .. but once the waitress took our drink and appetizer order,  she never took our meal order.  I guess if you are not drinking bear or whiskey you can forget about service.
5	Great food, great beer, great staff, great atmosphere! I've been going to the bar for many years I've always enjoyed it. Been to a couple St. Patricks days celebrations here as well always a fun time!
5	I absolutely love this place! I am addicted to the blackened chicken Irish nachos and the Fish N Chips! I would go everyday if my husband would let me. I always say every time i go I'm going to try something new, but i can't! I got my meal free for my birthday with their rewards system! Their awesome!
5	Four of us came here. The aztec and Texas burger was unreal. We also had the artichoke dip and were really impressed. The service was also super nice.
5	Best Irish Coffee in town, hands down!  Authentic atmosphere, friendly staff.  Irish Nachos, Fish and Chips, and Reuben sandwich are all delicious.  Definitely worth visiting anytime for good food, fun, drinks, and grub.
5	The food here is great. We really enjoy everything we've had here. The service isn't great but the food is worth the wait.
4	Love this pub I try to come here when in vegas especially on sudays they got a great live irish folk singer who sings tons of irish songs and many more.  The food was great and this place is great for groups.
5	A very good Vegetarian burger.   Fries and chips are excellent as well.  Servers are friendly, fast and engaging.   Authentic pub atmosphere.  Give this place a try.
4	We came here on no-meat Friday and the parking lot was packed even for early dinner. This is located next to The Orleans. From outside, it looks like your old plain ordinary bar but when you get to the dining area, it's cozy. It's like being at your Irish grandma's home - yup, I'm making that up...I obviously don't have an Irish grandma. The seats are plush.They have Guinness, Smithwick's, Kilkenny, Harp...and imports such as Chimay, Crabbie's Ginger Beer and Wells Banana Bread Beer. Yum!All of us ordered the fish and chips. It was sooo good. One of the best I've had ever. Huge portions too. The batter is perfectly light and crisp. The fries weren't seasoned so, season away. The fish and the fries weren't greasy and gross. We also ordered the sticky toffee pudding but I didn't get to try it - I'd have to come back after lent.
5	Love this place!  The food was so good and our waiter,Jen, was fun and really added to our overall great experience.  I will make sure to come back when I visit  Vegas each year.  I loved the Irish nachos. Paula
1	Pay a lot. Hope you love spicy food!Went here for wings and fish and chips. The fish and chips are a whopping $15 but bizarre enough the wings ONLY come in an extra hot sauce.Why!?I left and didn't get either. Some people are physically unable to tolerate super spicy foods.Get a clue guys!
1	Not sure what everyone is rating.  This place makes Dotty's look upscale. It's connected to a gas station.  We were there this Saturday at 10:30pm and place was tiny,  a few regulars at the bar and no live music.  Place felt old and creepy.  Definitely not a place to take your date.
5	I guess I could be considered a regular, I live near by, and this is my go-to place.After visiting the UK and Ireland, I know what to expect from a true Pub.It is Not fine dining. There is Not always a host/hostess waiting for you at the front door.  Just walk in, and order from the bar. A server will cruise by, just ask for a table.I find it perfect after work, or on a Sunday early evening. The live music is designed to help you shake off the outside world; Sing and clap along, no one bites!The servers are all great, each with their own attitude and sense of humor. We like Jen at a table, and Zack at the bar. Look around and you usually see Brian McMullan,(the owner) he is very easy to talk to. The Chicken Florentine is sinful, and the Curry is really authentic. BF usually gets the Sunday Roast, (served just like Mom cooked it).Really, it's the best Irish Pub in all of Las Vegas!
4	Blackened chicken nachos are great!  Beware the INSANE portion sizes.  I am no small eater and struggled to get through my half of the "half sized" order.  Half priced during HH makes them a great deal.  They also have Murphy's Irish Stout on tap, a rarity in Las Vegas.  Dallas our server was very nice and attentive.
5	Irish nachos are fabulous at McMullen's as is the rest of the menu. Staff is fun and friendly too. Great pub.
2	I am visiting  the area near this restaurant for a customer meeting.  I am staying in the area without a car, so I needed to find a place to eat within walking distance of where I am staying.  I found this on yelp and decided to try it based on the high average rating.  Now I am wonder if the bar is different here, if this is a different place, or if I hit a bad night.I started with the house salad,  Hard to mess up and it was OK.  I am uncertain how it was dressed as all the dressing was on the stuff on the bottom of the plate while the top was basically sans dressing.   My entree was the Steak and Mushroom Irish Pie.  The pie itself was fine, adequately seasoned, served very hot and tasty.  The mashed potatoes seemed to have come from a box; they had the unmistakable flavor and texture of rehydrated potato product, not something made from fresh potatoes.  The gravy tasted like it came from a can.  And the peas were unmistakably from the freezer.  What?  It is the season for fresh peas, the produce markets are filled with them  And there is no excuse for not using fresh potatoes.The staff was great and friendly, but the food is a definite 'pass' for me.
1	If I could give less then one star I would!  Horrible service!  The waitress greeted us by  saying "what can I get you". There was no "hello" "welcome" or anything of the sort!  Epic fail!  The place was very dimly lit which always makes me a little uneasy!  I like to be able to see what is going on especially if I'm consuming food!  There was trash on the floor, and it just was not my cup of tea!  Needless to say we did not stay!  Will never return!
4	We had the Irish nachos, some cheap shots, and some decent beer.  All in all a good experience, but the place could use a more varied beer selection.
5	This pub is awesome!! The food is amazing (and by the way they have food that is NOT spicy as well). They have traditional Irish dishes and the Steak Pie and Chicken Florentine are two of my favs!! Must have: Irish coffee and the toffee dessert!!! The bartenders and entire staff seem very nice and friendly- prompt service at table seating. Some of them can be "cheeky" but that's what makes it fun! Atmosphere is very authentic... Intimate lighting as well as live music on weekends. I most definitely recommend this place!!!
4	I go here a lot for Tuesday night trivia and a majority of the time my food is hot,  flavorful and the service is great!
5	Ugh my new favorite! Our waitress was so nice! She recommended an awesome beer and very friendly. The food is amazing! Irish nachos, fish and chips and blackened chicken fettuccini Alfredo was so delish! Love the decor and the music. Seriously in love with this pub. Never even noticed this place was here thanks to yelp for helping me find it!
1	Came from out of town for a trip to Fabulous Las Vegas, and am a huge soccer fan. After buying the new  USA away jersey at the Nike store at the Forum Shops, the salesman highly hyped this place, and for the USA vs Turkey game, a new destination was high on my list. I may have not calculated the time zone change correctly, but showed up an hour and a half early for the game. Wearing my new jersey, an employee saw me, and instead of offering me a place to sit or a drink to have while I waited... I was greeted angrily/annoyingly by an employee who stated that "you know kickoff doesn't start until eleven." Rude and disrespectful. Leaving, I ended up watching the game at the Sporting House instead. So much for trying a new place!
5	This place is amazing... off the beaten path, but prob the best irish bar food ever...the nachos, yah, seriously big, seriously amazing... paired with a beer and that's heaven!The sherperds pie, damn that is one serious bowl of goodness! It's big, its heavy, its awesome.the cornedbeef was pretty standard.... all in all a great meal....
5	nothing beats a pint of guinness double poured
5	So this day just keeps on going wonderful. Not only a nice experience at Walker Zanger, but after we were done there they recommended coming over to McMullans for lunch. Thanks!!!McMullans staff was absolutely friendly and service was great. I had a delicious salad special with hot chicken breast tender slices on top of it. Not sure if it was a regular menu item as i just talked with the server and told her what i was looking for...and there you have it ~ they made it for me. Fresh with the right amount of heat.Definitely going back for some again, not to mention the beer selection was "SICK" in an awesome way! I would say this is a must for World Cup viewing with friends! Let the fun begin.
5	Went to dinner on Friday night.  Started with flight of beers...Guinness, Kilkenny Cream Ale, Murphy's Irish Stout, Boddingtons, and Smithwicks.  I am a Guinness girl but I opted for the Kilkenny.  Creamy coffee and caramel flavors, this is great with the hot weather.  We shared the fish and chips.  The batter on the halibut was crunchy and delicious.  The tartar sauce was vinegary in a very good way. Our server was awesome.  How could you not love a beautiful red head with a lilting Irish accent,  We were full so we took the Sticky Toffee pudding to go.  It was delicious...caramel heaven served with whipped cream and dark chocolate sauce.  We had to skip the ice cream.  We will definitely leave room at our next visit.
5	World cup here for the USA games is awesome... The vibe is patriotic and i love it... If there is one place to be for US games is here... No other place..
3	Decent place to go to have a few beers, although it can get a bit crowded and loud in the evenings. I enjoy the Tuesday trivia nights; if you go, go early to get a table, the place fills up to standing room only fast! The notable downside to this place is the service; I waited 30 minutes on a recent visit before the waitress came around to take my beer order. I asked for water as well and never got that. Also, never got a chance to order a second drink because even though she was around she just never stopped by our table and I couldn't get her attention. In visits past service has been mediocre.
5	Best pub in town bar none. Friendly bartenders, amazing happy hour and drink specials. Their players club is super as well. My go-to when I want a quick bite or cold beer. Their food selection is fantastic. I've had just about everything on the menu and not a bad meal yet!
5	I have been coming here for 6 years and have always had an amazing experience.  The bartenders are always friendly - and in the dinning room, Jen is an absolute amazing person to have serve you.   Also, way cheaper for quality drinks right next to the strip.
1	Food was ok, waitress was horrible. I get the feeling she really hates her job. She was never around when we needed her because she was constantly busy gambling.  On top of that, she was unable to answer very basic questions about the menu. Next time we'll go to crown & anchor.
5	The service and drinks and food is truly amazing.the fish and chips, and nachos are a mountain of goodness. There happy hour we just enjoyed and will be back soon, the chips with gravy are truly amazing. We will back very soon!
1	Warm beer with a lame explanation of why!Went to have a cold pint with my hubby last week. His Guiness and my Stella were warm.Bartender gave us some lame excuse about the beer always being served at 38 degrees because serving it any colder would ruin the taste. Never hear that one before, but pretty sure the Stella I was sipping on was warmer than 38 degrees.  Warm beer is warm beer and we came to an Irish Pub, not an English Pub (who prefer their beer warm). I know it is pretty damned hot in Vegas right now, but if your coolers can't keep up at least be humble enough to admit it!!!Sorry McMullan's, we will NOT be coming back.
5	This place has it all: the food, courteous staff and ambience.  The Shepard's Pie and Bread Pudding are out of this world.  Be prepared for large portions!  I enjoyed looking around at the interesting old photos and memorabilia on the walls.  Try it and it will become one of your favorites.
5	GOOD GOD don't die before you get the Irish Nachos here. In fact just stop reading this and get your ass out here and try them. It's a pound of home made potato chips, covered in Irish cheddar with Bacon, tomato, chives and sour cream. Need I say more besides during happy hour (4-7pm every day) they like 1/2 off! All the food here is amazing and we'll be the first to admit that most pub food isn't great. The chicken curry pie, the fish and chips and the reuben stand out. Good Lord they have Murphys on tap! The entertainment is great most of the time although we've see some hippie non-Irish band there a few times that kind of stink, but still. The decor is awesome, it's like being in the Shire. The mood is fun, rowdy and loud, you'll feel like you are in the lower decks of the Titanic.. uh, before the whole iceberg thing of course and the staff if about as good as it gets. We're not just saying that cause Benji works there, all the staff are good, there are even cute girls with Irish brogues... rawr!
4	Love the place.Take the girl you're dating there and it's a sure win. Great atmosphere...Great staff. Keep rocking !
4	This place is nice good food and service, hamburgers are great good beer and chips and fish are great
4	Great food!  Loved their Irish stew. The staff is friendly and the decor is cute but not hokey.
5	I will give this place 5 stars, reason being is the contacted me to correct my mistake post. I did on the wrong Resturant. I appreciate owners that follow upOn comments or customer experience. I do frequent vegas every couple months and I will  come here to eat, once again thank you for being understanding of my mistake. look forward to trying the Resturant out.
3	Service was very friendly. I had the Irish Nachos and they were like having kettle cooked potato chips drenched in the oils of the overwhelming amount of cheese. I picked out about a 3x4 block of cheese. The beer was good and cold. The fettuccine Alfredo was not good. I had the runs immidietly after eating. I'll go back only for beer. Food is a no no at this place.
5	We went for the first time last week and we really loved the place.  It's very clean and the people were real friendly and helpful.  the atmosphere is very pleasant and we felt right at home.  The bartender pointed out the Happy Hour 1/2 price appetizers and we ordered the Lemon Pepper Wings which were outstanding !!  We had sandwiches for dinner and the homemade chips were great !!  We will be regular customers !!
1	Oh My Dear God...I don't even know where to begin. Let's start with one word: horrendous. My boyfriend and I needed a place to eat and stay for a bit since we were just leaving the Mr. Olympia competition held that the New Orleans Hotel and Casino. Since the taxi and shuttle bus service was unbearably long we decided to be a little dangerous and cross the street in the pouring rain to this bar. After looking up the yelp reviews and seeing that people liked this place, we went in. I was immediately punched in the face by the awful smell of smoke and my ears bled immediately due to the bartender's foul mouths. There were three bartenders: Jason, Chris (who was female) and some other man who looked super stressed out and had a cold. I counted 31 times they said the F word. I'm not saying I'm prude or offended, I just think it is super unprofessional. When we walked in we sat down at the bar where there were about five others sitting. It took a bartender 13 minutes to even notice us and another 15 minutes to actually get us our drinks (which I refused to drink from the straw since the female bartender "Chris" was using her hand to wipe away her runny nose continuously). My boyfriend was hungry; however, we were so hesitant to order food from this place! We waited forever for someone to come by again after our drinks were given--the standard is to give drinks and provide a menu, hello?! We had to ask the bartender Jason if their kitchen was open and he pretended not to hear us until my boyfriend stood up and called out to him, then replied with a short rude "ya." Due to the cab wait being over an hour he went ahead and ordered a chicken sandwich. This took about 25 minutes to come out. As we were sitting at the bar I realized that the food was being placed right next to the registers when it was coming straight out of the kitchen. This is NOT good. The chef or runner was placing the food plates next to the dirtiest place in the bar--restaurant rule NEVER place food near money. GROSS. Also, I believe the manager was there as well. I wanted to so badly confront him. However, he may have had a heart attack since he could barely breathe and move about the bar. I figured I'd save my own breath and just get the hell out of there.*Note: There were a lot of regulars. If you are not a regular you will be ignored. Not matter what.
5	Been coming here now for several years for Michigan State Football and Basketball games.  Food and service has always been super with great game day specials on food and beverages. A good time is had by all.  GO GREEN!!!
5	We happend upon this place while we were in Vegas to exhibit at an industry trade-show.  While we were out running errands at Home Depot we decided to get a bit to eat and walked into this nearly empty pub in the middle of the afternoon.  The Irish Nachos were AWESOME.  They were a special at the time of day we visited and came in three sizes.  I ordered the medium size after asking the server what the difference was and he gave an indication of the plate sizes, but failed to mention they would be piled about 8" high.  Seriously, the smaller size (I think it was a "light" portion would've fed three people easily.  I'm a pretty good eater and I don't think I got 1/3 of the way through the regular order even with two other people helping a bit.  We ordered the same item at a pub on Fremont the next night at the same price it was about 1/4 the size and didn't have nearly the amount of toppings.
5	I've been to my fair share of Irish pubs. So, you can say I have certain expectations. McMullans pretty much meets all of them and more. First off, prices are pretty cheap compared to other places. The staff is charismatic and extremely easy to talk to. Jason happens to be my favorite. When it comes to the food, I haven't had anything other than, the Irish nachos, and their wings. I will defiantly try the other food but, You MUST try the Irish nachos, especially with chicken (blacken). I love the atmosphere as well. Dim, relaxed, very tranquil to say the least. They also have live music! I want to say every weekend. Defiantly my regular bar and will forever be my St. Patrick's day bar. If you're in the area and in the mood for a drink. McMullans is where you should stop.
5	It 's been quite a we've warmed the stools at McMullan's.  Having been home for 2 weeks from our Irish holiday, we were missing the Irish pubs and craic.  So Saturday we dropped in for some victuals and pints.  No visit to McMullan's during happy hour is complete without an order of their mountainous Irish Nachos, which is a spectacle borderlining on obscene due to the monstrous size.  We also ordered the Ann's Blackened Chicken Salad, with a side of rashers.  Seriously, I didn't  think it was possible, but I love this place even more!!!  They have rasher's, which is Irish bacon, which is the best way to eat pork.  And the rashers tasted just as good as the did when we were in Ireland.
5	Excellent Irish bar with the best Guinness in Las Vegas! The Irish nachos are the best I've had and a must-have (Ask for a mini size it's enough for 2 people). The shepherds pie is awesome. They even have a cocktail menu that's really good, not something you normally find in Irish bars. The service here also is excellent! Definitely one of my favorite bars!
5	great place to try nice service and tasty foodhad enjoy the food specially my favorite pot pie~ definitely will come back soon
5	Awesome!  Big portions, excellent service, great food.  Had the Reuban and never had a Reuban quite like it.  Instead of sour krout it had some kind of red onion relish.  Wow!  Super good.  Jessica was the one that waited in us and she was great.
5	Great pub.  Great food, and service.  There is a non smoking side which is a bit rare in Vegas.  Happy hour is a score!  Discounted pints and quite a few of the appetizers are half price.  Maybe the best fish and chips I've ever had.  The Sunday roast dinner is a treat and basically everything on the menu is good!
5	This place is great! The food is always good and the waitress is always nice. I love coming here in the evenings. Even though it's busy, the service is still timely and friendly.The have an assortment of beers to choose from and a food menu, my favorite to get is the shepherds pie. Woot Woot! Irish or not, this is definitely a palce to go.
4	Pretty cool atmosphere for any soccer enthusiast. Staff was not the greatest but food was good. Don't go out if your way got this place but if nearby it's worth consideration.
4	Love the chicken with mushrooms and much potatoes buy cannot stand smoking people and noise
5	A nearly perfect meal. appetizers were well thought out, and just perfect in size. great food - grill was spot on. service was impeccable.
