2	The correct address is 20020 N. 59TH AVE .I note this place is very new and still working things out and has potential so it's worth a try.We tried several things here and I think some things are better than others.From what I tried on my visit I think the Beef Asada and the Chile Verde are much better than the fish here. The meats were flavorful but terribly dry when we were here.  The fish from the fish tacos might have been a frozen product that had little flavor and it was kind of dry for fish.They have a selection of house made sauces and a few condiments to add to your dish.Customer service is not the best.I ordered a side of Hot Carrots (.99 cents) before I noticed they are a free condiment. They should have told me it was on the sauce bar. But it made me a little more mad when the woman working there runs me an empty cup and tells me to fill it up myself from the freebie bar. If they are on freebie bar why charge me???? Like I already said they are new and still working things out hope your visit is better.
4	Carne asada burrito, tasty and filling, served with side of chips, under $6 for most burritos. Salsa bar with various salsas and marinated carrots, onion, jalapeno, garlic. Hidden in a strip mall, near the Del Taco in the Home Depot area. Pick up your day workers and lunch too.
2	Not my favorite
4	Authentic Mexican & the best chimichanga in the West Valley!  Always fresh, and everything we've ever tried has been GREAT and very well priced. Dining area is reminiscent of Subway-style with some Mexican artwork flair, but if you're into great food with a casual atmosphere (or call ahead/take out), definitely a hidden gem worth checking out!
5	Great place for Mexican food next to Home Depot for those double dip days. They actually carry al pastor which is pork marinated in like a pineapple sweet sauce. Large choice of different items to try! Great family style restaurant , owners are always working with a smile.
3	It's decent, but not great.  Both the food and salsa are a little bit on the light side, so I suppose they are perfect for those who like Mexican-like food but not the full flavors of real Mexican food.  Prices are reasonable and the portions are quite large.They have a salsa bar with four salsas available.  All were good, but again, all were a little bit too light and none had any heat to them.I went here when my car was being serviced nearby, and I'd do it again if I found myself here again.  I wouldn't choose it on purpose.
5	Sometimes it's the simple things that you remember. I've been here many times and never been disappointed but somehow this little place was forgotten in my mind. I guess it's because I don't make it around here much. Today, I was STARVING! I just happen to be in the area and remembered them. I ordered something off of their menu. A simple bean tostada but asked for shredded beef. I had just worked out and needed the extra protein. This tostada was delivered to my table and the angels where singing. Ahhhhh! It was just what I needed! You know, it wasn't JUST a tostada. He decorated it with a special cheese. It was pretty too, go figure. Well, as famished as I was, I tried not to gobble and managed to slow down to enjoy the flavors. I had a party in my mouth. Who knew... A tostada could be so yummmmy? I totally recommend this little place. Not only are they accommodating, yummy but I enjoyed a clean yet tasteful dinning experience.
5	My Wife & I went here last night for dinner. This is one of our favorite Mexican restaurants. I had their special, Diablo Shrimp, and she had a combo Taco and Cheese Enchilada. Both came with really yummy rice and beans. The only place I've been to where they have grilled onions at the Salsa Bar. I have had many things here and I have never been disapointed.
4	Came because Yelpers really liked it. It seemed a bit more "assembly line" than I have been eating around Phoenix, but was still very good. Just sort of lacked that "grandma in the kitchen" feel.I kept it simple with a couple chicken tacos and a few rolled steak tacos. Added some chips/salsa for good measure. They have a great little self-serve salsa bar with 5 different salsas that were all very good. Mild to Spicy, couple green, few red. The Tacos were huge! Piled with Guacamole and Pico, and some pretty good chicken(guessing thigh meat) The rolled steak tacos were pretty much a taquito from what I know. Service was great and friendly, location was nice and clean. There are a lot of options for Mexican food, this one is pretty solid. East to get to right off The 101 on 59th Ave. I'd probably go back if I were in the neighborhood, but wouldn't drive miles out of my way to go back.
