5	I had Joe set up our Theatre room last year and my wife and I were blown away by the quality and expertise from his work.  From the precise set up and location of the surround sound, to the audio recommendations, and most importantly his overall quality of work we wouldn't hesitate to recommend Joe to our friends and family.  He definitely goes the extra mile to ensure complete satisfaction and is definitely passionate about his work.  Five star work great job Joe!
5	We were getting our first flat screen tv installed and Joe went above and beyond our expectations, from the moment we first spoke on the phone he was thoroughly informative and above all exceptional  professional customer service! He answered all of our questions and genuinely cared about getting the customer what he/she wants! I would recommend Mythic Home theather to anyone looking to install one or several tv's for their home entertainment! You will not be disappointed they aim to please the customer! Thank you Joe you  made our first installation an amazing experience!
5	I needed a 58 inch flat screen TV installed right away.. I wanted good work and didn't want to be gouged for it.. Joe came out to my house, did excellent work THAT NIGHT and charged less than I would have ever imagined even without the zero notice I gave him..  He was very informative and when he was done mounting the TV, I decided I wanted it 9 inches higher.. With zero protest, Joe took the whole thing down, remounted everything 9 inches higher and took every single precaution he took the first time to make sure the unit was centered,  perfectly plumb and level.. I love the height, level and location of my TV.. It's all thanks to Joe... Most "handy man" businesses would have charged double for all Joe did without the attention to detail of a specialist..
5	Awesome experience!!!  Joe, the owner of Mythic, is top notch.  I couldn't ask for a better or more knowledgeable home theater install representative. Joe worked with me to determine my audio needs, replaced my outdated Fosgate Audionics pre-amp, and recommended the new components that complimented my existing 5.1 setup and my NHT power hungry speakers.  He really made those speakers sing like never before!!  Great communication and professional installation; Joe provided great prices for equipment and services rendered.  I would definitely recommend anyone in the Phoenix area to use Mythic Home Theater. A+++
5	Joe did a fantastic job installing televisions and home theater equipment throughout our new home. His work is clean, it looks great and he was able to troubleshoot when issues arose. His pricing is extremely competitive and his customer service is top notch. I will have him out again in the future when I upgrade and plan on recommending him to anybody that will listen.
5	So apparently we don't know how to mount a TV to the wall and apparently Joe and Calvin do.  We called them for an appointment Monday morning and they were able to come out to us that night.  These guys were able to do a great install and had awesome customer service.  Not only did they suggest what stand would work better for our systems but they worked with us to get a great layout.  Apparently I would recommend these guys and we will definitely be calling them when we get another tv.
5	Absolutely Wonderful!!! Knowledgeable! Courteous! Professional and Fantastic!!!! Love the work and please tell your friends!!!! These guys are great! Joe is wonderful! I really appreciate his professionalism and love to write these positive reviews!!! Thanks so much guys!!! My outdoor patio is awesome thanks to you guys!!
5	Joe did a fantastic and very professional job hanging our new 65" TV on the wall above our new media cabinet.  He was very knowledgeable but yet listened to my concerns regarding the height of the TV.  He actually saved us money by recommending a different wall mount from the one we purchased when we bought the TV - so we were able to return the super expensive but not worth it one to Costco.  We love the look of having the TV on the wall with no wires showing and have had so many compliments.  Joe even removed our old 32" ton of bricks TV for us!  We highly recommend him!
5	This company has superb,quality personnel. They hung my 47" tv last week. They are courteous, professional and want the customer to be completely satisfied at a very reasonable price. I highly recommend them!Lee
