5	I knew I was dealing with a pro when Randy was able to locate the problem within 60 seconds of me pointing and explaining in layman's terms about the gusher coming from my aged sprinkler system. An hour later he had replaced the problem lines and fixed the leak. I'm sure I will recoup what I paid for the repair in savings on my water bill.
5	I called sprinkler detectives on a Monday afternoon about the many problems I had with my sprinklers.  The technician came out the next morning before 8:00 to see the problem before I had to leave and take the kids to school.  He assessed the problem quickly, explained clearly what needed to be done and how much it would cost.  He finished the whole repair later the afternoon and now everything works perfectly.  I am so happy with the quality of the work and the promptness of the repair.  I last used sprinkler detectives 8 years ago and they were heat then too.  I would recommend them to anybody.
5	I'm very satisfied with their work.  The Sprinkler Detective crew installed a new sprinkler system for my entire 1/4 acre lot including new valves, pipes to my trees and plants and even a garden watering system.  My house is 17 years old and leaks became too extensive to fix on the original lines.  The price on their estimate is exactly what I paid and they installed the entire system within the time they projected.  The crew navigated around existing plants, electrical wires, and pool pipes without incident.  I was nervous to have strangers with shovels in my yard because it is a minefield of pipes and wires, but they proved to be proficient and careful.  The material they use is top-notch and I'm excited to have years of a no-hassle sprinkler systemHighly recommended!
5	We have used Sprinkler Detective for several years when we needed repairs done to our irrigation system. More recently, however, we made the decision to replace our entire 25 year old system which was failing. Randy and his team descended quickly on the project with technical professionalism. Within three days we have an entirely new system using the best components.Sprinkler Detective also does outdoor accent lighting. Again, our old lighting was 25 years old and not working. We now have beautiful lighting placed strategically around our home.I highly endorse Sprinkler Detective. They know what they are doing, with competitive pricing and they are a pleasure to work with!
