4	I rarely use this Circle K for getting gas (I use the Safeway station up at Ashler Hills & Scottsdale Rd - cheapppp!) However, I always am greeted by a friendly smile and great service whenever I stop in to grab a Red Bull or a pack of a cigarettes. Usually they already know what kind I want...which is nice.
4	On the drive back to Vegas from Scottsdale, this is the gas station where I fill up the car.  It's on the way to Carefree Highway and has nice wide lanes and an easy in/out to Scottsdale Rd.  The convenience store also has a nice selection of snacks to load up on before the long trip.Return Factor - 90%
5	This place fills the need for a gas station and more. In addition to selling gas, they have a good selection of beer, wine and liquor including Johnnie Walker Blue! The could improve on the selection and taste of their prepared food. Finally, the staff is very friendly.
5	The only reason why I go to Circle K's is for the Soda Fountain (Polar Pop) station, so that is the focus of my review. This Circle K is the gold standard for it's Polar Pop station. There are lots of options to suite even the pickiest person (me). I made me happy to see they had several caffeine free choices, two kinds of ice, I think there were over 6 different ICEE choices, and 6 different flavor additions. Everything was full and in working order and clean. My selection of the day was crushed ice, Caffeine-free Cola, lemonade, a bit of raspberry ice-tea, with lime and vanilla syrup, and a B-12 boost. It was pretty good, but a little on the sweet side. I feel like a made soda scientist. Can't wait to go back to see what concoction I can come of with next.
1	What do they fill the windshield washer bucket with? Swamp water? Port-a-potty "juice"? I'm all for recycling but this was so disgusting.  My husband spilled one drop on his shoe, and even though he wiped it immediately with some baby wipes we had in the car, it didn't matter.  As we drove away from the gas station I was noticing the skunk scent, I couldn't stand the smell.  I made him turn around and go to the grocery store bathroom to wash his shoe.  YUK!  Those shoes are going in the dumpster.
