1	This company is absolutely a joke:  I called them from Seattle prior to my move-in to a 2bd/2bth apt.  They connected the power but left it in the apartment's management's name.  I got a letter from my landlord saying I never turned the power over to my name?  SO I call APS, what a joke.  They say they had no record of me calling in to start power.  I had the name the person who I talked with, they say that they don't have a Miguel there at the time of the call but they had all my contact info...?!  I argued with them for awhile about some deposit they demanded immediately.  Miguel told me that he would break it down for me....again they had no Miguel there?!  After 35 minutes on the phone with Sylvia, she finally broke my deposit down to 2 payments.....they are extremely hard to work with.  very greedy monopoly in the phoenix area.I lived in Seattle for a long time and never had a problem with Puget Sound Energy.
1	If you can choose where you want to live by the electric company you'll have to use, then I would pick an area that's NOT in the APS area. we've lived in our house only 4 months, and have gotten 3 shut off notices because We're not receiving our bill. We get all of our other bills and mail, but for some reason APS can only find our place when they want to deliver a shut off notice. The first time, they said the bills were being returned. But when I asked the mailman, he said none of our mail has been returned. He is familiar with us, so he knows our names and where we live. For some reason, they can't seem to get it right and its become a major inconvenience. Plus, if we've only been here 4 months, why have we gotten 3 shut off notices? You usually don't get one until you're a month and a half behind or so and we've had to pay in full to get it back on when they shut it off the second time we got a notice, in addition to the reconnect fees. wtf?? Gonna try one more time and see if they can do it right. If you have to go with APS, I wish you luck. I hope your experience is better than ours has been. I'd much rather have SRP. I like the m-power box. That's a great idea.
1	This needs to be posted on every APS Yelp page until they consolidate all of them. APS is absolutely deplorable. They have a complete monopoly on Phoenix.  Consumers don't have a choice for power service provider and because APS knows this, they charge like old mob racket. I have had service with them, again, no choice, and one day I get a letter stating that I have a security deposit required. I had service at this new address for 5 months before this came to so I called. They told me because I was past the due date that they can at their discretion ask for one. EVEN AFTER SERVICE HAS BEEN CONNECTED.  I obviously have no choice in the matter. I asked them what past due meant. They told me after 13 days!!! My mortgage allows 30 days. The credit bureau reporting system is based on 30 days. The whole world works off 30 days. Past due after 15. Very crafty how the bill is due JUST before most people would pay their bills from their paycheck on the 15th. They charge me 1.5 times my bill for the last 12 months. Now remember, I have only been there for 5 months so rather than judge it on MY last bills which are low, I have to be averaged off of another family. So the deposit was massive. So I tell them (based on principal) that I cannot afford to pay it. So they say they will separate it into 2 payments (how generous). So I make the first payment of 80. Mind you, this is NOT for services rendered. Next month I get my bill in the mail, and like every month, I pay it.  Few days later my power gets shut off.  I think its a building fuse or from a storm, but as I am walking to the maint office, I see the yellow tag on my meter. So I call APS and say WTF?? They tell me I was shut off for non payment. I quickly log on to my bank and see it was paid and I tell them this. They say, " no, it was for security deposit". I asked them what do I owe on my service. They said nothing. I said, so I got disconnected over an arbitrary deposit when my bill is paid in full? They said yes. They then tell me there is a reconnection fee and if I want it done that day there is 100 rush fee.  Now, this is all happening in the morning. I went to the gym and came home within the hour. So you know the service guy was within a mile. I talked to the "manager" and he was " nice enough to cut me a break" and not charge a reconnection fee. So I waited until the next day so I wouldn't have to pay the rush fee, and avoid reconnection. So because it was a cool 115 that day, I had to sleep at my gf's, WITH MY 2 KIDS!!!!The next day all of my food was bad and still cost me over 100 for no reason.  APS needs to be stopped and there needs to be regulation. Ryan.
