4	This is one of my favorite little places to indulge some guilty pleasures and it's a nice change of pace from the typical tacos.  The first thing you notice is the atmosphere is very simple and welcoming.  The menu is on the wall along with dozens of signatures of athletes and entertainers from all over the country.  Although I do not profess to be from the south I have heard from enough people who are to know that this is the real deal.  Authenticity aside Mrs. White's is just great comfort food at a reasonable price.  They have your basics like fried chicken, collard greens, red beans and rice to name a few.  I love the homemade lemonade that comes in huge glass and I am told the sweet tea is very good too.  If you get a chance to break free for a weekday lunch downtown then I suggest trying it out.  Just make sure you workout a little harder the next time.
5	Mrs. White's is the biggety bomb! I don't know how else to say it. I can't believe there was only one review so far. This place deserves better!If you like southern aka food, this is the spot. It is 100% authentic.My favorites - anything on the menu.The collard greens are perfect.The okra gumbo is perfect.The fried chicken, plain or smothered (in gravy) are perfect.The pork chops are perfect. Just don't tell my Rabbi I said that. ;)The catfish is perfect. DOn't tell my Rabbi about that one, either, mmkay?The cornbread is perfect.The red beans and rice... perfect.Starting to see a pattern here?A few tips:Get there early. They start to run out of stuff if you show up too late.You can order a meal and then things by the piece. Like, order the catfish and a chicken thigh or something. They don't have soda. They do have tea. Sweet tea (already sweetened - too sweet for me but very authentic southern) or unsweetened.Order extra cornbread. It comes with the meal but you'll thank me.If you don't have room for dessert, get it to go. The peach or whatever cobbler they have is kick ass, as is the bread pudding.You will get seated and then order. They don't bring a bill to your table, you go up to the counter when you're done, tell them what you ordered, and pay there. That's why it's called the 'Mrs Whites Golden Rule.' Make sure to leave a good tip. They deserve it.Being a regular will get you better service, but you aren't going there for the service. You're going there to eat. There's a good chance you'll spot some Phoenix sports stars. I don't know who they are because I don't follow sports, but you can pretty much pick em out.They are only open for lunch. That's pretty much all you need to know. Bring your friends or coworkers, enjoy, and plan to endure a 3 hour food-induced coma when you're done.
4	Everything here tasted like fried chicken, which is a good thing if you like fried chicken.   The catfish I had also tasted vaguely of chicken...also Mrs White used the same batter for both...very light and crisp...though I must admit to preferring the touch of cornmeal like the way that they do it at Lolo's.    Mrs. White's also got some mean chicken fried steak here.All the meal platter work out to be $11 (after taxes) and you get choices of 2 sides.  Good solid rendition of soul food:  3 stars place with extra points for longevity.
5	OH YEAH...I chose to eat here because I read about it in some magazine and it sounded unique.  My husband and I took our real estate broker with us, a guy a little younger than us who loves to eat as much as we do. I ate the catfish, black eyed peas, collard greens and yams...I ate it ALL! We all shared the peach cobbler. I think I scared our RE Broker who was with us...he said he had never seen a regular sized woman eat so much at one seating...yeah, I can eat! I don't remember what my husband or our friend had but we were all happy and it was all amazingly good...I love soul food and this was the best I think I've ever had.
3	I ate at Mrs. White's today with my husband and several of his co-workers. It was generally agreed that the fried catfish was one of the best items, but needed some seasoning. Perhaps they have reduced the salt in an attempt to keep (alive) their best customers. The chicken fried steak was really bland and tough, but the crust was nice and crispy. The gravy was a bland chicken gravy, not the typical white gravy with pepper. My chicken was pretty good, but when I told my server at LoLo's a few months ago that I liked their chicken better than Mrs. White's, I thought she might fall over with incredulity- and sheer joy. Hubby's ground beef steak was pretty good- definitely more tender than his co-worker's CFS. Everyone really liked their vegetables (which are all made without meat products) and the cornbread may have been the biggest hit of all. A full meal with meat and 2 sides plus cornbread is now $10.18 with tax ($11.02 total) and a drink is an additional $2.17 with free refills. What they list as a "sandwich" on the menu is actually just a meat item (no veggie sides) and some bread. Hubby needed some banana pudding, which turned out to be really delicious- homemade, full of bananas and 'nilla wafers, and warm. Over $30 for a lunch for 2 is more than I would normally care to pay, especially when it was not all that stellar. Before the angry mob shows up on my doorstep, however, let me say that the longevity and history of Mrs. White's is worth it, and that it is a true Phoenix institution I will continue to patronize. The grandkids at LoLo's have surpassed their elders in virtually every way, however, and that is how it should be, really.
3	This place is so cool! The menus are on the walls in sharpie along with signatures from a lot of local athletes. They will not present a bill to you, but rather trust you to tell them what you ordered and pay the correct amount. The food is great, artery clogging, and comes in huge portions. I like the smothered chicken with yams and green beans, and order it every time. I always want to sleep off the rest of the day too. Saturday they do a great rib plate. Good spot for those working or living in the city.
4	Whenever I feel the urge for a gravy fix, I head straight over to Mrs. White's. I almost always order the pork chops - smothered. OMG gravy goodness running all over the plate! As for the sides, just pick one - they are ALL good! There isn't much that I can add to the other reviews, except that I have actually called Mrs. White's before holiday potlucks and had them whip up some extra cornbread for me to take. They always seem a little tickled at the request, but have never refused and it allows me to focus on the festivities (not to mention everyone expects it now).If you are looking for really good food in a unique and relaxed setting Mrs. White's Golden Rule Cafe should not be missed.
5	Awesome food, the best place in Phoenix to go for soul food.  If you have good manners, you'll get good service( yes mam, please, thank you...etc)
4	Oh my god.Seriously.The fried chicken is so light and crisp, I thought this dead bird was going to fly right off my plate.The collard greens--you'll want to slap someone for serving you greens that didn't taste like this.  They are a gift from on high, and the black eyed peas are insanely good.  Redolent with pork and seasoning, they trump any black eyed pea you have ever had.  Cornbread is grilled and isn't the dry, crumbly, cakey crap some places have the gall to give you, and the macaroni and cheese is soupy, cheesy and perfectly cooked, just like you wanted.I saw plates literally overflowing with smothered pork chops and chicken, and if I hadn't been full to the point of a coma after eating all the chicken and greens and mac and cheese I could hold, I would have ordered some.  Or catfish.  Or neck bones.  Desserts offered by one of the ladies who cooks walking through the dining room going "Who's gonna have peach cobbler?".  Who??? ME!  That's who!  Peach cobbler...are you kidding?  Do people say no??Meals are ONE PRICE, period, ($10.18 with two sides and cornbread)and you better bring cash.  The lemonade was excellent ($2.37).Oh my god, what wouldn't I have given to be a cow, with four stomachs.  It's worth going back to Phoenix for.  Stop here before you drop off your rental car.  You'll thank me.  So will your cardiologist.
1	We have been going to Mrs Whites for years now. We would go there as a treat every so often because there food was fantastic. Unfortunately it has really gotten pretty bad in the last year or so. Its really sad to, we loved Mrs Whites but not anymore.     The last couple times we went the food was pretty sub par. The portions were much smaller and the quality and taste was rather poor. A couple of times ago we went with myself, my mother and my brother. I dont want this to sound racist but I feel it needs to said. I felt like we were definitely the wrong color to be eating there.    The service was ok but i noticed it was much better for the "locals" who were there at the same time. We ordered and sat and waited for our meal. I watched as some of the people around me were brought the same thing I had ordered and it looked fantastic. Nice big pieces of chicken with large portions of sides.     Well finally our food came and what a disappointment. Our portions were MUCH smaller then everyone elses and the sides were about half the size. My mother ordered catfish, (her favorite thing there) and it looked like it was half a filet. My smothered chicken was 2 very small wings and one small breast, (I had ordered all white meat) and there was very little gravy and cabbage.      I went ahead and tried Mrs Whites one last time a couple weeks ago and it was more of the same thing. I ordered the smothered chicken again and when it arrived I received 2 small wings and a back bone with no meat. The table right behind me had the same thing and received 2 large breasts and a nice sized wing. After attempting to eat the skin off the back bone I gave up and ate what little else there was on the plate. My mother did get a nice sized catfish filet but both our sides were very small.     I no longer recommend Mrs Whites. It looks like the kids have taken over running the place and I think thats the problem. The gentleman who was always in the kitchen did a wonderful job of making the place a great choice for fantastic food but i dont see him there much anymore.    Stay away from Mrs Whites unless you happen to be the right color. Very sad.
4	Went on the 4th of July with only 5 others in the shop.  Beware on the one way road in front of the cafe, my GPS had me driving down the wrong way!The staff was friendly and amazing that all entree dishes were $11.  Ordered the pork ribs and links with sweet potatoes, came with corn bread and ordered sweet tea.  The meat fell of the bone and the links were spicy.  The sweet potatoes were sweet and yummy and the greens, not too salty.The staff was friendly and attentive and the owner's son owns LoLo's Chicken and Waffles. http://www.yelp.com/biz/lo-los-chicken-and-waffles-phoenix#hrid:KN-j7PyAgt4EGCnjUMCHTQ
4	4.5 Stars, minus .5 for atmosphere.This is a low key spot (albeit crowded at times) with not much in the way of decor...  But the staff is friendly, and food is delicious!.  Rarely do I compliment others on their fried chicken (momma gets the top spot in my book) -- but I must admit, this place give my mother and grandma a run for their money.  And to top it off, the sweet potatoes are simply divine.After you throw in some good old fashion sweet tea and moderate pricing, you know you've got a winner. If you are looking for a trendy spot to dress up and people watch, this is not the place.  But if you are desperately in need of some down home southern treats, visit Mrs. White's.
1	I kind of experienced some reverse racism here.. and it really pissed me off... yeah, I'm white.. doesn't mean I don't crave some great soul food once in a while.. thought the whole point of the golden rule was to leave your money on the table.. as I'm leaving.. dude asks me if i'm going to pay? tld him money was on the table...did'nt question any of the african american folk...  really ticked me off.. plus, cash only, real limited menu, no waffles, corn on the cob, mashed, really limited sides..and kind of mediocre IMO.. Staceys and lolos kick its ass... (Shrug)
5	The best fried chicken I have ever hadpork cutlet is not to be missed eitherthe collard greens flavor is unbelievable and purely vegetarian broth if you can belive that - absolutely no sournessI regular have to make pilgrimages for my pregnant wife here.Negative - cash only
4	This place has the best fried chicken in town. The chicken fried steak, smothered pork chops, and fried catfish are also favorites. The sides are great also, my favorites are the black eyed peas and greens. The cornbread is sooo good here, it just melts in your mouth. Try the home made lemonaid, it is very good. Service can be slow at times but it is worth the wait! This place fills up so you have to get there early or you might have to wait for a table.  Remember it is cash only.
5	I recently recommended Mrs Whites to a couple of co-workers from the south, and I made a PROPHECY! I said, "don't eat this shit at work! You will go into a food coma and take the best nap of your life afterward!"They didn't listen. And the food coma got them fired. Well it didn't, but they were so useless the rest of the day that they should have gone home anyways. Chicken that could drowned a baby with it's juiciness! OH SO GOOD! Red beans, rice and gravy that made my heart beg for mercy after my blood pressure shot up to like, a million over eight hundred thousand...in a good way though. If you've ever gotten the meat sweats, it's a similar feeling. You finish eating, completely satisfied and relaxed, and then THE FUCKING FEVER COMES!! I don't think your body can handle what just got absorbed through your intestines, so it flips out. I went into fight or flight mode, hard, and I didn't come down until I slept it off like a food drunk little baby. Like J.C.M. said, it hurt so good.
5	The fried chicken is perfectly fried at Mrs. White's.  It's probably the best soul/southern food I've ever had!
5	Warning, this place is NOT good for your diet. But for your soul, it's perfect. Great homemade cooking that is flavorful and filling. The fried chicken is the best I've ever had. Seriously. The sides are wonderful, the drinks are what you'd expect to have if sitting on a wraparound porch in the antebellum south. The service is slow, but go expecting that, and go with cash, because they are old school and don't accept plastic. It may take awhile, but they're cooking this from scratch, so enjoy looking at all of the famous autographs scrawled on the walls, joke around with your host, and be ready for a week's worth of calories in one sitting. You'll surely be glad you did, shug.
4	This is definitely a hole in the wall.  Don't expect fancy furnishings.  The air conditioner was not functioning or they just didn't want to turn it on because there wasn't that many people at the time.  They did bring an electric fan out.I had the oxtail special.  The waitress said it was cook in its own sauce.  I suspect that it was slow cook or braised with very little liquid.  It was tender but with just a right tad of chewiness left in it.  So, the texture was perfect.  You had to work it just a little bit in your mouth and that's when the flavor releases into your senses.  The ligaments near the bones were just out of this world.  Yes, you have to gnaw at the bones to get to it.  The portion is generous.  I have two sides, green beans and yams.  The yam was good but the beans tasted like canned beans.  The corn bread was gritty and nice.  I also had a lemonade which was cool and sweet.  My friends had fried chicken, catfish, smother pork chops.  We all finished our plates cleaned.
3	I'm not sure what is worse; ordering my food to go, eating fried chicken, eating fried chicken in the heat, or all of the above. Well, rain or shine, I love eating Fried Chicken and nobody can take that away from me. So I saw this little bungalow-like restaurant, which is located a block away from Chase Field and also not far from my hotel, that serve authentic Southern and Soul food. But my dining experience and decision-making has costed me my hopeful solid meal.I ordered the Fried Chicken dinner-combo for $12.00. The combo includes two sides with a slice of cornbread and I chose Rice and Mixed Collard Greens. I made a big mistake and opted to take my meal to-go to stuff my face with the fried chicken like a barbarian in my hotel room. My side of Collard Greens were very tasty and full of flavor, but a bit too watery, in which caused my side of rice to taste like a soup-like side and my monster-pieces of fried chicken's crispy skin and piece of cornbread were soggy. The fried chicken were very tasty, but it would've tasted a lot better if it wasn't for my misfortune. This restaurant accepts only cash. I should've ate in the restaurant, because the friendly workers treated me very well and strongly convinced me to eat in. I'll definitely will eat in the restaurant  next time.The restaurant has numerous awards from various sources including having the famous Yelp-sticker posted on the front door. The restaurant is also a favorite of the NFL's Arizona Cardinals, and NBA's Phoenix Suns with numerous pictures posted all over the facility.
5	The topic of Mrs Whites would frequently come up in the office place by a coworker who used to work near there, at the New Times. This past week though it came up quite often, often enough that on Monday, when we were planning our lunch out together for Thursday, we were so hungry by talking about Mrs Whites that it only took until shortly after 11 for us to pile in her car and head out for some good ol' soul food. I can't even begin to tell you how wonderful this place is. It's like walking into Grandma's kitchen and getting all those great meals you used to love and enjoy. My mouth was watering and my stomach was singing before I even had a chance to sit down. I like that all the meals are the same price. It makes it so much easier. I also like the selection of sides and dishes. The red kool-aid was delicious but not in a mason jar like Lolos.The staff was very friendly. One of my coworkers was craving ox tail and it started a big discussion between us and our waitress. She mentioned that Mr. Larry might know when it was available again (they were apparently out of it that day) and he even came out to the table to talk to us. My friend also then got his ox tail. I tried it. It's really damn good. I'd probably order it if it was available the next time I came around.I went for the 3 piece smothered chicken (fried chicken and gravy) and red beans and rice. Wow that is a lot of food. I devoured the chicken fairly quickly. It was delicious. Best friend chicken I've had aside from my Grandma's. The red beans and rice I had to package up and bring home. I had them for dinner tonight and they were just as delicious as I imagined. I also tasted one bite of the peach cobbler a la mode. Peaches are not one of my favorite fruits but damn did they do it right. If you haven't been here, it's a definite must. I'm not sure why you're still reading this. Pack up and go. Move it.
4	I love me some Mrs. White's. It's been a few years since I've eaten here and boy have I missed this place and their delicous food.On my recent visit I ordered the catfish with green beans and okra gumbo (a Friday only special) and to drink sweet tea.The sweet tea was just right. It wasn't overly sweet, it was perfect. The food was just as great as I remembered. The catfish was seasoned just right. The okra gumbo was yummy with lots of okra, black eyed peas and corn.I had remembered that the menu was written on the wall, but to my surprise they had printed menus. I noticed that they seem to be open on weekends now which is awesome because now I can enjoy Mrs. White's more often.
5	It's not just soul food. It's AWESOME SOUL FOOD!! This is home cooking and comfort food at its best. Dieters are not welcome here. I was in Phoenix for 4 days and ate here 3 times. Their fried chicken, smothered pork chops, collar greens, black eyed peas and rice were fantastic. The service was slow because of the place being so busy. But, their customer service made you feel like you were waiting for a meal from grandma. (the waitress kept on calling me "darlin'" and "sweetness") The decor consisted of autographs written all over the walls of famous people ranging from professional athletes to President Bill Clinton. On my last visit, I scarfed my food down so quick that the waitress felt like they didn't give me enough food. So, when I paid my tab. She gave me a to go box of dirty rice, fried chicken, collar greens and velvet cake for free. I think she did that because I told her it was my last night staying in Phoenix and that we didn't have soul food this good in the Bay Area.
4	I love getting my sooooul food on occasion. (Yes, I usually leave wearing a little of it too. I really should carry a bib with me.) On my last visit I decided to go with the catfish and I was craving veggies so I waited on some greens and I also decided to try the cabbage. The greens were tasty, the cabbage...I guess I was kind of expecting a sauted/fried cabbage with a little more flavor, it was good but a little bland. The catfish on the other hand was perfectly cooked, crispy on the outside moist on the inside and a nice big slab of it. Sooo good. I rarely pass up the Kool-Ade, but occasionally get the sweet tea. I have enjoyed my time there and usually go when I have plenty of time to enjoy my meal. While the food is served relatively quickly, I don't know that I would recommend it for someone looking for a quick downtown lunch time fix. For me if I am going to go enjoy some home cooking, I take my time and enjoy.
5	I haven't had real, good soul food since I lived in New York and to be honest I never expected to find it in Arizona.  Mrs. White's was stumbled upon by pure happenstance.  A friend that had eaten here before, decided upon the Golden Rule as the best place to eat dinner before seeing the Diamondbacks play.  The menu is very simple, but that's never a bad thing when the food is as good as they offer here.  I ordered the chicken fried steak, macaroni and cheese, and green beans (with potato).  My order was delivered last out of our group, and the anticipation grew and grew as I saw my friends get their heaping plates of fried deliciousness.  When they placed my plate in front of me the first thing that shocked me was the sheer size of the portions.  Even the rim of the plate was covered in food.  It was refreshing to see chicken fried steak that wasn't pounded into a flat, tasteless filet.  The breading was crunchy, crispy, and crazy good.  Also excellent was the gravy that covered every inch of the steak.  The green beans were seasoned perfectly, but I do wish there had been more potato included.  And the mac n cheese, forget it.  Creamy, cheesy, a slight crunch thanks to the baking, and perfectly cooked noodles.  Easily the best I've had outside of my own house.  A few dashes of hot sauce over everything and I was in heaven.  Now I have yet to try Lo-Lo's, which I hear is the best in the valley, but Mrs. White's has set the bar very high.  Very high indeed.
4	This was one of the better soul food places I've visited since I moved here. The food was excellent! I ordered the catfish, rice with gravy and cabbage. My girlfriend ordered the chicken-fried steak, rice and mac and cheese.  Both dishes were tasty, and the only reasons I give this place 4 stars are because of the lemonade and the hired help. With all of the homemade dishes, you'd think the lemonade would be as well. Instead, it tasted like that Tampico mess that Fry's carries. As far as the staff...they were friendly to customers, but horribly unprofessional toward each other.--at least the two younger staff. Although I'm all about feeling like I'm "at home", I'd rather not hear people bicker back and forth in the kitchen, shouting all the foul language you'd hear at a playground. (wish I could attach soundbytes)--In all, I was impressed and neither of those two complaints could keep me from going back. :)
5	OK This cafe surprised me. I rarely give 5 stars but I had to. They say it on the sign "great fried chicken and pork chops" and they are right. I loved it. I was never a fan of collard greens until today. These were not the best collard green I have ever ate but the best side dish I have ever eaten. I can't stop thinking about them. The deserts were to die for. I had 3. Yes 3 deserts. Bread pudding, peach cobbler, and banna pudding. All awesome. The fried chicken was one of the best and I have had many trips looking for the best fried chicken and to think I found this one by surprise. I like the way they serve you. It's called the golden rule because you tell the cashier what you ate and he pulls out some price from his head. Funny but it was fair. I did not care for the BBQ though. Sauce was great but the meat was not up to my standards. Braised not smoked. I think it should only be smoked with a dry rub. They do take credit but a charge is added.
4	The food was really good. I'm from Georgia and I know good soul food with a mother from there and grandmother from Mississippi. The fried chicken was crunchy and well seasoned. The mac & cheese was great also. My girlfriend had the smothered pork chops with cabbage and rice and gravy. The pork chops were very good. This is overall a good place to go eat to have the southern home feel.
4	Three words: Incredible Fried Chicken!Just visited this place for the first time and the food is amazing.  It's only a block from Chase Field where the Diamondbacks play and they were open until 7:00 pm on the Wednesday that I visited.  I visited in the afternoon around 3:30 and it wasn't busy.  There were three or four people at the counter and one guy in a booth.  I grabbed a booth (very comfy by the way) and was served right away.  Their menu is very basic  (main dishes, side dishes & desserts).  I ordered the Fried Chicken dinner, which comes with two sides (described below).  My beverage: a lemonade.  They don't have soda at this restaurant, which was a bummer, but the lemonade is tasty - not too tart, not too sweet.The fried chicken is the best I"ve had in town.  The meal comes with three juicy pieces of mouth-watering chicken and the flavor is the best I've had in valley.  This isn't fast food fried chicken.  This is fried chicken your mama would make.  Yummy!One of my sides was green beans with potatoes.  I've never had this combination of vegetables together before and it was really tasty.  I think the green beans were from a can but I'm not sure about the potatoes.  Regardless, this was a nice side dish.  I put a little pepper on it and I was good to go.My other side dish was rice with gravy.  I guess I'm new to soul food because I've never heard of this combination before either.  The rice they use is excellent.  I'm not sure what it was but it had a better flavor than Uncle Ben's rice.  Some kind of gravy is mixed with the rice and the two together gave me a whole new yummy experience. I couldn't finish the whole meal and had to get a to-go box.  If I hadn't been so full I would have loved to try their dessert of the day, peach cobbler.  I would definitely recommend this restaurant to people.  It's really close to downtown Phoenix and the ball park and the food is made with a lot of love, just like Mom would make.
3	This review is from someone raised in Phoenix, so my taste for heavy fried food isn't so accurate compared to my southern counterparts.  I give this a solid rating, if not just for the atmosphere.  Not your typical Phoenix establishment...very friendly, very homey.  I did feel like I took in more salt than I usually do in a month, but the greens were fabulous!  The chicken wasn't my ultimate favorite ever, but still better than anything you can find in the valley.
2	My wife & I only ate here once but it was disappointing in comparison with all the high accolades given. While the service & pricing was fine, we were not nearly so impressed with the quality of the food. I certainly would not rate it to be poor, but it was nothing worth repeating. We both felt it was just typical diner quality food. The fried chicken was similar to eating Church's. Sorry folks, I have no desire to return.
3	I had been hearing about this place for a long time and since I was downtown with my wife decided it was time to have some fried chicken and black eyed peas. Just to let all of you know you can order healthy from the menu, which is written on the wall but really what would be the point of excusing you from the best fried chicken in Phoenix? The drink menu is not vast, 3 different drinks and that is it. I suppose the charm of the place is that, well, it is what it is, its a good eats in downtown phoenix that does not try to be anything else. Its not heart healthy but who wants to live forever and its not as it your going to make this a staple in your day to day eating.
4	Simply delicious!!  So good, I have to stay away or I would be on the Biggest Loser, lol.
5	He confidently pushed the menu to the edge of the table with a hand calloused, wrinkled and bent by time and years of hard work fixing cars and pushing brooms. "I don't need the menu. I have been coming here for 30 years and they have the best chicken fried steak I have had in my life.""Hey, I know better than to doubt you, grandpa." replied the young man with the same face, minus 40 years and 30 lbs but with the benefit of an extra 4 inches in height.The old man ordered a lemonade to wash it down and the kid took a sweet tea, both ariving in giant plastic cups that reminded the kid, now nearly 30 of his childhood summers spent with his family in El Paso,Texas with his father's family who had moved with the army from Mississippi many years before he was born but brought the traditions of cooking for taste and comfort and damned be anyone for telling them it wasn't healthy.They sat quietly, tired from a morning of moving furniture into the young man's new home, reading the signatures on the wall. The old man pointed out and explained who some of the old-timers were, mostly polititians and actors who, while big in their day, were not legendary enough to cary into the vernacular of pop culture 30 years later, and the young man pointing out and explaining the athletes and musicians of his era.The waiter dropped off their chicken fried steaks along with their sides: Red beans, rice with gravy, greens and potatoes. They grinned in acknowledement of having made the right choices and began to eat."You know, her son opened a chicken and waffle place not too far from here." ther kid said, "but you are right; this place is better. Thanks for your help today grandpa."
5	This place was AWESOME!!! Unfortunately I've grown a bit jaded by soul food joints. Typically a cafeteria style-set up, with grouchy, attitutde-y women working the line. Even if you try to be fun, you won't be able to crack a smile. Mrs. White's is not that. The first soul food joint that has it all! The employees were so SO nice. Engaging in coversation, our waitress was very articulate and so cute. The bus boy was engaging, and the owner/manager, was just a hoot! The food! Delicious, large portions!1. Fried chicken- mmmm mmmm, big chunks, well-spiced, finger lickin good, and no skimping!2. Sweet potatoes- sweet, sugary, good3. Mac n cheese- pretty standard4. Red beans and rice- this was a twist to the usual red beans and rice. 5. Corn bread- would've liked some butter or honey butter. YumThe ambiance is killer--tagged up all over the walls! Super cool!I hope to go back when I'm in Phx. Great service, people, and food.
4	When you first walk into this place, it might scare you away. But don't leave! There are about 4 things on the menu but they're 4 little pieces of heaven! This will be some of the best souls food you've ever eatin! Get ready for some unreal food!!
3	Don't come here if you're worried about cholesterol levels.  This place is delicious and unpretentious.  Bring cash and an appetite.  You can't really get better fried chicken or waffles in town.
5	Can't get better than this-Liver and Onion-Fried Chickin' with Gravy and Sweet Jam
1	This was my first time eating here and well.....it was the most disgusting soul food I've ever eaten in my life!!! I ordered fried chicken, sweet potatoes, & red beans. The chicken had no seasoning or flavor. I bet my 10 yr old brother could cook better chicken. The red beans same thing, no seasoning & nasty at that!! Sweet potatoes, where's the brown sugar butter cinnamon/nutmeg?? The soul was definately missing in this so called soul food. If u like wasting $$ on crappy food, then this is your place! Frys deli chicken tasted better than this place lol
4	Downhome feel aka not pretentious and you don't have to dress up to come here. The owner is certain to drop by your table with "How you doing baby," and well it gives me the warm and fuzzies.   Walls are tagged by customer's praise. Seriously just pull out a marker and write lol.  Not fancy at all. But what do you expect from a restaurant who offers koolaid as a drink? RED Koolaid lol.Servings are eye opening.  I was expecting the usual servings but based on the amount of food on my plate I was wondering if they were implying that I needed fattening up. 4 chicken wings sides of cabbage and yams YUM!The Food Channel happened to be filming "The best I Ever Ate."  Seems someone sent  a word of praise to the network. It was interesting to witness the production process.  Havent had such a down home feel since I left charlotte north carolina. And it felt good. I'll be back...for the chicken and waffles ;)pros: sit back "and rest your nerves" feel. Decent servings. Koolaid. Not pretentious at all. Opened to 2am Fri and Sat..come right after hitting up the night scene. By the light rail too!cons: The heartburn that soon occurs.Pepto anyone?
4	I've been there twice in the last three weeks and it lives up to its reputation. The Mrs. set the standard and they are carrying it on fo' real! The Food Network was shooting on the day I went for the show "Best Food I Ever Ate." On their plate was the fried chicken, mac and cheese, and mixed greens. (I had that the first time.) Did the smothered pork chops this time and it was an experience...a food lover's experience. Certainly worth putting on you to do list. Unfortunately, many of the people who live here don't know about it and it's a historical landmark in the state.
1	Drove to this place from Glendale this past Friday. Got there about 5:30pm and not that many people there.We ordered. Had to remind the waitress about the lemonade since it took awhile and she was texting at the counter. Thought it would be freshly squeezed because of the wait time---nope.Took hours for the food. Waitress and cook yelling at each other in the kitchen. Someone forgot one of our two orders. Insincere apologies followed.Food was OK. Agreed with the previous reviewer...Fry's fried chicken is way better!If you want attitude while they forget your food, this place is it!
5	Truly delicious chicken fried steak!!!
4	I loved eating here! It's VERY casual and the servers are super friendly. They made us feel very at home and did an awesome job. I think we tipped them a little more than 30%. The food is delicious, but very unhealthy. Don't go here if you're on a diet of any kind - I'm guessing that it is all very high in sodium, fat, etc. If you're in the mood for a treat, or if you love Southern food like me, it is perfect. I had the fried chicken, which was pretty good, and my date had the smother pork chop. I wouldn't recommend the pork chop (it was pretty tough) but I would absolutely 100% recommend the smothered chicken. They gave us a piece of smothered chicken with the pork and that was delicious. The restaurant itself isn't exactly beautiful, but the food is tasty and inexpensive and the service is wonderful.
5	I have to admit that the 1st time I was taken to Mrs. White's, I was a bit hesitant about the place. However, once we were in, seated and placed our order, I was thoroughly comfortable and enjoying the vibe. It was lunch time, it was crowded and it reminded me of a family reunion. Everyone was enjoying their meals and each other. The staff was busy as bees and enjoying themselves as well. I had the fried chicken, green beans and corn bread---all perfectly cooked and seasoned---just like Granny used to make. Huge serving sizes, had to take most of it back to my hotel because I also wanted to try their peach cobbler.....yummy for the tummy! It has been about 10 years since my 1st introduction to Mrs. White's and I have visited many times throughout the years and have had most everything on the menu, never been disappointed. Best soul food in AZ      I love, love, love Mrs. White's
4	I was introduced to this place by my chiropractor...we were coming from an event downtown and were talking about soul food and peach cobbler...he said that i should try Mrs. Whites and I was like ok lets go!  It is definitely not fancy but that is ok...its not meant to be...I love smothered chicken so when I saw it that is what I ordered!  It was awesome...then I was super excited for the peach cobbler and the owner said there was only tomato cobbler...I was like WTF?? Tomato cobbler?  He was like I bet that you will like it just as much or more then the peach cobbler...I was in the mood to try something new so I said bring it out...lol...they brought it out with ice cream on it...and it was nice and warm...I was still skeptical...I had never heard of such a thing!  I took my first bite and i was in heaven it was AMAZING!!  I cleaned the bowl!  I then apologized to the owner for doubting him...I still to this day have never had a tomato cobbler but I will always remember that it was awesome! This is not the place to go if you are on a diet...but try it...its right near downtown...
1	First off I would like to punch the dip Shit on the food network who said this was the best chicken he ever ate. Yeah the place is filthy, but how they operate their business is redicolus. Service sucks, 49 minute wait for the food sucks, waiting 20 minutes from the first  entree being dropped off until the last person luckily receives their food sucks, being told on the 59th minute of a hour wait for your food, that they are out of your side dishes, sucks, spending my hard earned money at a place that is Ass backwards in any kind of business sense, sucks. At first our group thought it was a joke, then the reverse racism theory was brought up, then we noticed that every table was experiencing the same lack of service. Black, white, purple,orange. They just sucked.
5	So I admit I am a food network junkie and I honestly only went to this place because I saw it on best I ever ate fried chicken episode but come on best I ever ate fried chicken in Phoenix I had to see for myself.  Well Mrs. White backed it up with some amazing chicken and I don't know what previous reviewers were talking about with the sides because my grandma from North Carolina was in town and her and I both liked the red beans and macaroni salad.  The staff was friendly and even sent me home with two extra pieces of chicken for later.  This place is awesome and I will for sure be a repeat customer.Also whoever said KFC has chicken as good and it's cheaper well keep going back to KFC and stay outta places like this cause you don't belong.  Just sayin'.  KFC aint got nothin on Mrs. White.
1	If I could give minus stars I would. The service there is the ABSOLUTE WORST!!!!!!Now I am in the middle of packing to move to Portland but I am taking the time out to write this review because this is how bad this place is. I have been to Mrs. Whites on several occasions and the service has always been pretty crappy but today took the cake. Breakdown of events:1.Call in my order at 5:30pm. The woman that answered the phone had no business telephone etiquette at all. 2. Arrive at Mrs. Whites after going through the maze of the light rail and one way traffic...I digress that is not their fault. Anyway I walk in and I am cheerfully greeted by a young lady that is sweeping. A woman (I am sure the one that answered when I called is on the phone). She is on the phone with her boyfriend calling him out for cheating on her. Using all sorts of profanity while doing so. 3. I state that I am there for the to go order and that is it. No one says it will be a few more mins or anything. Now mind you I live on 10th St & Camelback so travel time to Mrs. Whites should have been sufficient time to prepare...fried fish, mac and cheese and mixed greens. 2 of the 3 dishes are cooked already I am sure. 4. I wait for about 10 mins when a older gentleman that works there reminds the phone lady that I am waiting for my order. I assume she is the cook. Well phone lady never even started my order. She did not start my order until 10 mins after I walked in the door and she was done calling out her boyfriend on the phone.5. In my 30 mins of sitting and waiting. There were 5 employees there and the owner was one of them. He did not acknowledge me or anything and sat across from me watching tv and then left. Why does it take close to and hour to make my order with that many people there in the kitchen?6. My food finally arrives, only to be dropped down in front of me...no words...just nothing. So I leave my  $10.18 for my meal as it states on the website since nobody came to take my money. Bad enough I have to wait for my food but I be da@#$ed if I will wait for you to come take my money. So I left. 7. I barely get my foot in the car and phone lady is out the back door saying that I did not pay the total for my meal. I said that the website said the meals were $10.18. She tells me that the price on the site is wrong the meals are now $14+. So I give the extra $4. Now why could she have not been that quick with making my food?So save yourself the time and headache of this place. It is not worth it. I don't care how many celebrities or what Food Network show they were on. I have been to plenty of famous soul food places in Harlem NYC and never would anything like this ever happen.  If you have a jones for some soul food check out Lo Lo's in Scottsdale. The food is basically the same and the service is excellent.
2	The chicken was good and fresh off the frier. The workers were friendly but had to mention that our waitress needs a little "waitressing etiquette".  I asked her if the okra gumbo is spicy and she replied that she doesn't know 'cause she doesn't eat the stuff!
5	I have been visiting Mrs. White's going on 30 years, but after looking up the phone number this afternoon to verify if they were open and still had fried chicken, my wife started reading some of the reviews following a recent Food Network recommendation - I almost got cold feet.Good thing I didn't. The food is as awesome as ever. The service is much as it has always been. Be forewarned, trendy restaurant goers, who glom onto TV reviews, Mrs. White's is not trendy; there are no bubbly fresh blonde girls waiting to seat you. The service is matter of fact, no goofing around, you must get to the business of ordering and pretend you know what you are doing - this is the way it has always been at Mrs. White's. If you are looking for others to pamper you, this is not the place for that. Mrs. White's is where you go to pamper your indulgence for perfect soul food. If you want Scottsdale ambiance, again, this joint won't work for you.When you go, be prepared that not all dishes may be on the menu during your visit. There are no corporate owned semi-trailers that deliver two tons of food every other day. This is a small and very cramped operation that makes homemade food for those who know how to appreciate it. In these days of flash frozen prepared dishes that are uniform from visit to visit at chain restaurants, this food is made in a tiny hot kitchen. If they run out of your favorite dish that has been cooking for hours prior to your arrival, there is no way they can whip up another pot of green beans and potatoes in 20 minutes. I often call ahead to verify if they have what I want because years ago it was not uncommon that by 12:30 they would be out of half of everything on the menu, which was OK because if forced me to try new things Back then, Mrs. White's was open Monday through Friday from 11:00 till 3:00, but I'd swear you'd be lucky to get anything after 1:00 - and that was perfectly fine as you knew they were doing all they could with their limited space to do their best for us customers. I'd just come back on another day. To say I have the utmost respect for the White family would be an understatement, today I was afraid I might have to lose that based on those poor reviews below. I do not believe those reviews are an accurate representation of The Golden Rule Cafe. They are the distortions and disappointments of people who have skewed expectations. Funky little hole-in-the-wall family-run operations that attract a loyal customer base may not be the place for everyone, but if you understand that wonderful stuff doesn't always come wrapped in a sterile designer package, then you might get along with Mrs. White's.I love this place and hope I always will.
1	I wish I would have read the reviews prior to taking my party of five, especially since this was highly suggested from a friend that used to live in Phoenix.  Similarly to the other reviews, service was unspeakable slow, tall-giant woman was extremely rude (of course she finished her meal at the bar prior to taking ours), literally got our meals one at a time over a 30 minute span, mac and cheese for three of the four meals came well after all the meals arrived, etc., etc., etc.  If I didn't feel really bad for the owner just losing his daughter to a long battled illness, I would speak to their unacceptable standards even more.  Don't waste your time; their heart is not into making sure your experience is a pleasurable one.  I don't care how good the food is.
4	Service kind of sucks. You'll definitely be hungry while waiting for your food but it well worth the wait. Menu is simple and easy to navigate. Two sides come with anything you want on the menu. Anything you desire comes with the same price. I like their motto , " Food is not cheap because cheap food is not good."
1	HORRIBLE SERVICE!!!!We can't go back there. Went there for the first time tonight and was expecting great food. We walked in, no one came up to greet us. Instead they stayed back behind the counter and told us to sit anywhere without any kind of courtesy or etiquette. Our waitress definitely did not want to be there and had an attitude. We picked a table and sat down. They were slow to give us our menus. We got our food quick enough and it was tasty but definitely not better than Lolo's. The waitress never came back to ask if we need anything else or to fill our water or lemonade glasses. We had to shout across the dining room to get her attention for more lemonade. The absolute worst was when we went up to pay, they never handed us a bill and overcharged us. The old man at the register didn't even know what we ordered and when we told him, just spat out a number "$33.16!" without doing any kind of math. He was very rude to my boyfriend who tried to pay with a credit card. Instead of just asking my boyfriend if he had cash, he barked, "Didn't you see the sign?! We take cash!" We didn't make a scene but it really pissed us off. Their signage is confusing. There was a broken machine sign on the wall but the menu said "we are now accept credit and debit cards." Also, the place is filthy. Dirty floors, walls, and windows. The bathroom smells like hot ass. For some reason, the bathrooms don't have AC but the rest of the restaurant does. Absolute worst! We've had great food and service at Lolo's! They definitely know how to make you feel welcomed. I love the servers at Lolo's; they are attentive, friendly, and helpful. I can't believe the two families are related. WE WILL NEVER GO BACK!
2	My impressions are lasting ones is all I can say.  I ventured off to try Mrs. Whites yesterday and was very disappointed.  The service was horrible, out of half the menu at 5pm, and just unprofessional.  The only bright spot was my fried chicken and black eye peas which was delicious.  That being said someone needs to take the lead and get restaurant back on track.
5	DE-LI-CIOUS!!I was about to leave for a road trip from the Bay Area all the way to Dallas. Of course, I noted all these places I wanted to stop to eat along the way.At the last second, I decided to watch the episode of "Best Thing I Ever Ate" in my DVR about fried chicken. Thank goodness I did!! Or else I would have never discovered this restaurant.First off, they sell all their meals for $10.18 (plus tax). It comes with an entree and two sides. It's a HUGE plate of food. You could really eat it for two meals. The size of their drinks are monster, too. And for only $2.17! It'll make your plate full of food look small.I went for their infamous southern fried chicken and sweet potato and green bean with potatoes for my sides. It was the best fried chicken I've ever had! There's just enough batter to chicken. The skin is crispy and the chicken is actually moist! I could pass on the green beans (they tasted like canned green beans), but the sweet potato was awesome. The sweet potato had just enough sweetness, but you have to ignore the (possibly heart stopping) liquid it sits in. Sometimes it better not to know how some stuff are made. =PMy hubby tried their chicken fried steak with rice and gravy and potato salad. The chicken fried steak has a flavorful, thick batter but it's still crispy. It totally looks homemade. The rice is your standard stuff, but the potato salad is yummy. They're open 7 days a week, but they close early at 7PM, so plan an early dinner! But on Fridays and Saturdays they reopen at 9PM for their Late Night Munchiez session. It's a different menu and made up of burgers, wings and other good late night munchies. Come here for the chicken first though. You won't be disappointed!
1	I have vascillated on Mrs. White's for a few years now. Today's visit sealed the deal for me on why I won't return. I got a to-go order of fried chicken, black eye peas and rice with gravy (since they were out of mac & cheese at 11:30 am). As I waited for my order, I watched several plates of chicken being delivered to customers eating in. The pieces were so huge they were half falling off the plates and towering above them. I looked forward to the same as I drove home, especially since I paid $14.81 for my lunch- and that did not include a beverage. Imagine my dismay as I opened my box at home and discovered three tiny pieces of underseasoned not-so-fresh tasting chicken. What the hell? You give the sit down customers the best you have to offer because they might complain otherwise? You give me some bullshit chicken because I am doing carryout? The peas were mush, the rice & gravy was bland, and the cornbread was overdone on the outside and heavy and underdone inside. I guess you're overcharging your customers to bank-roll your retirement, which will surely come sooner rather than later since I can't imagine how you're keeping customers.
5	Ahhhh.... the fried pork chops. I hadn't been to Mrs White's in about 5 years and was pleased to see that fame hasn't gone to anyone's head in there. Still the same wonderful homemade, fresh food that it's always been, served in the same comfortable atmosphere. I was surprised when the server handed me a menu, but happy to see that my old standbys - pork chops, cabbage and black-eyed peas - were still there and just the same. Yes, it's slow, but good homemade food takes time, people! Nothing here is microwaved, frozen or pre-prepared. It's exactly what "soul food" is supposed to be... food that feeds your soul. Thank you, Mrs. White's, for keeping it real.
1	Well me and my friend from work tried this place out, and others we talked to gave rave reviews.  Both of us though walked away and were not impressed with the food at all.  The only thing that we both liked were the sweet potatoes.  I had the Chicken Fried Steak and it was very salty then after a few bites was very very soggy and gelatinous.  I will not be coming back.
5	The most amazing soul food I've had in AZ yet!! The fried chicken was perfect and not made until it's ordered, Mac and cheese was homemade and incredible and the cobbler....delicious!!! The best part, kool-aide was one of the drinks available. You get TONS of food for not a lot of money. It is absolutely worth at least one trip to try it for yourself!!!
4	Who's got the munchies!!!!! Friday and Saturday nights till 3 am, Mrs. White's is servin' up some yummy munchies including Fried Zucchini around $3 and entrees for $13.  I had to have their fried chicken , pork chop and some gravy and rice at 12am! The fried chicken was cooked perfectly.  The skin is crispy and tasty.  The meat moist and tasty.  The portions are huge and you will not go home hungry.  The staff is friendly and helpful; always a pleasure to talk to them.  Skip Filibertos or Jack n' Box after the party..movie..concert..and go to Mrs. White's!
5	O-M-G!!! I LOVE MRS. WHITE!!! (And her chicken)We actually saw a brief piece on the Food TV channel about Mrs. White (The Best Thing I Ever Ate Show... on Fried Chicken). So we knew we had to go. We made the drive all the way from North Scottsdale... and I was not one bit disappointed!We got there about 7PM on a Friday night... and the place was really dead. Only one other table...there was also a lot of writing on the walls... so I was a little "nervous". But Deseree (our server) made us feel at home. The menu is easy... ALL meals are $13 buck. You choose from several main entrees... and about 8 southern soul food style side (you can pick two). I ordered the fried chick, sweet potatoes (yams) and the black eyed peas. My wife got the same but had the mac and cheese. You must also order the Kool-Aid... HUGE glass... and many childhood memories. You get three ***HUGE** pieces of PERFECTLY seasoned (and cooked) fried chicken... and the two sides... unbelievable! The black eyed peas and sweet potatoes... UNREAL! We could not even finish half of our meal... and we took home an order of Mrs. White famous Peach Cobbler, which we enjoyed with coffee after we got home. TO DIE FOR!In summary... GREAT MEAL! Great casual (almost divey) atmosphere. It was fun reading all the famous signatures on the wall. Thank You Mrs. White!!
5	All I can say is WOW!!!  I am a very picky fried chicken person--- Mrs. White's is hands down the best chicken I have ever had!!  LOVE it!  The mixed greens for my side were also very yummy!  I'll be back often, thanks to the awesome staff that made my visit absolutely heavenly!  :)
4	Da chicken.Merciful heavens.I can't think of one thing I would have changed about the chicken I got from here.  The crust was crunchy,  crumbly, and tasted like golden nuggets (perfectly seasoned...and I mean PERFECTLY)...and this is AFTER a 30 minute drive home.  The meat was tender and juicy - even the breast.  And most of all, the flavor went through the whole piece of chicken, not just skin deep.Everyone has their definition of what good fried chicken is.  This place has defined mine.  Haven't had better chicken at any restaurant or even at anybody's table other than my grandmother's.  They got everything about it right.I forgot that I had two sides - cabbage and rice with gravy.The cabbage was decent, but I actually prefer Cracker Barrel's as it has more flavor.  The texture of Mrs White's was better and it was chopped up in more presentable pieces.  But was lacking any wow.  Still good, don't get me wrong.  My grandmother's cabbage has spoiled me; it's hard to satisfy me with this dish.The rice and gravy was a bit disappointing.  It was bland gravy over white rice.  I was hoping the gravy would be thick and creamy but it was instead quite thin.  Not seasoned very much...  I wonder if this is the same gravy they use to smother stuff in?  I hope not.For dessert I got the banana pudding.  I have a cousin who I think makes the best BP in existence.  But, there's always someone better.  Mrs. White's almost ALMOST beat out my cousin's, but not quite.  I don't know how I can say that, seeing as how the whole little bowl was gone in 3 minutes:)  I guess that is a testament to my cuz's BP, because this stuff was awesome.  Only complaint was that some of the bananas were too ripe, although some people like it that way?That's all for my meal.  I didn't even look at the receipt, hmmm...no clue how much it all cost me haha.  I didn't care.  I've been hearing about this place since I moved to AZ and actually swerved from the far right lane on Jefferson into the parking lot, taking out several vehicles in doing so (j/k).  The place itself as others have said is pretty dumpy.  The best food is found in places of this status but as I was looking around I felt myself wishing that this specific place would get a face lift.  I don't know, its just that they are such a staple and well-known place...they could at least frame some of the memorabilia they have on the wall.  Not dirty though, mind you.  The girl there was diligently mopping.  Too much clutter by the register...personal items of the staff just laying around.  C'mon now.  Represent what you serve, instead of allowing people to think that what they will get served may represent the look of the place.  A rinky dink liquor store that serves the best corned beef - they can look like a disaster, that's just fine.  But these guys are a soul food force in the area and I feel they could be even more with an update to their building.The folks that were working there were just fine to me.  An older man greeted the customers, gave instruction to the servers, and took my order.  He knew the regulars and greeted them enthusiastically.  I liked that.  Furthermore, some guy came in needing change.  The man (hmmm I guess that's probably Mr White???) gave him tips on where to park for cheap, gave him the money to park somewhere, and told him to hurry so he won't be late for his appointment.  :) :) :)  Also shared a few observations about a woman on tv (Let's Make A Deal).  No one was rude.  You read what the golden rule is and you'll see its enforced here.  Do unto others...I saw a plate come out to a dine-in customer that was piled, and I mean PILED with fried chicken smothered in gravy and with greens and something else on the side.  It looked ridiculously amazing. I will go back.  I will try the porkchops, smothered this and that, and of course the catfish.  I'll also try some other sides, maybe the two I chose were their ho-hums anyway.I recommend trying their chicken at least once!Oh and i saw someone on here mention their to-go order was skimpy...sorry bud but mines was 3 huge pieces that didn't even allow the box to close:)
1	All I can say is "What the hell"? I'm so embarrassed by some of the reviews that point out this is the best soul food they ever tasted.   They only could justify that untruth if they did not grow to in a family that cooked with love or never been to  a Kentucky Fried Chicken.  The food and service was horrible.  My guest and I had to ask for silverware, cornbread and refilled....again "what the hell".   I was raised on soul food and know the difference between store bought and homemade.  Oh sure they doctor it up but totally got the prescription wrong.  The food has absolutely no flavor, lacks salt, lowreys seasoning, black pepper, garlic powder, mind you these are staples in cooking soul food especially Fried Chicken.  I'm African American so this next statement is not intended to be racist but come on black people, how can you tout yourself as the best Fried Chicken and truly taste horrible.  Again, "what the hell".   It's very easy to make gravy....especially if you have the drippings from your fried chicken so why did this gravy taste like it came from a can.  What surprised me most was to see the tourist eat their food like it was the best food they ever tasted.  Poor visitors, this is not soul food.  Save your 17.00 per plate and drink  and go have Kentucky or better yet Jack in the box.  Yes almost $34 for two plates of chicken and two drinks.  Honestly people "what the hell"?
1	Where to start? Let's start by addressing the false advertising on their website.  After hearing a few people talk about how good the food is there , we wanted to give it a try.  We viewed their website and if you look under Entrees, you will see the meals are all priced at $10.18 per plate.  Good deal! We arrive at the place and our first impressions are, the place needs cleaning and a paint job.  Most anyone can look past how a place looks if the service is great and the food is really good.  Most dive places I've been to have both... so the decor isn't something I get hung up on. Service...  marginal at best.  Some guy... guessing the owner... arguing with the staff, singing... just doing whatever.  I guess this is acceptable since he owns/runs the place?  Not the best thing to do in front of customers. (again... it's a dive... not expecting 5 star services)Server---  stops my wife in front of the bathroom door to ask if she knows what she wants to order.  Maybe wait until we are all seated and ready to order?  Thought this was pretty strange! Now the food comes out.  Chicken wasn't horrible, wasn't great.  The canned mac-n-cheese... right up there with the best High School cafeteria mac-n-cheese.... not good!  Right from a box or can... no flavor... not homemade.   Very disappointing to say the least.  The greens... again... from a can... maybe some additional seasoning added... but.. odds are... if they were too lazy to make real mac-n-cheese... then they were too lazy to make real greens.  Gravy on the chicken... same sad story... from a box/can.... just not good or great. Dessert--- sweet potato pie   not bad... probably one of the better things ordered.  What was crazy... if you can imaging this... take a normal/decent size slice of pie... now cut that in half and this was the serving size we got.  All for $4.99 a slice. NUTS!  $10 for two slivers of pie. A joke! Remember I mentioned the FALSE ADVERTISING at the beginning of this review.  All meals $10.18.  NOT TRUE!  The site hasn't been updated in who knows how long? You sit down and the menu does not show the pricing... only mention of pricing is the Ox tales for $15.00.  So... you would assume from the website the meals are $10.18 each.  WRONG....  for  two meals, two very sad/small slices of pie.... $41.00 No breakdown of the pricing ... the owner/manager just punched up some numbers on the calculator and that was the bill. All in all... this place needs new management... some passion put back in to  the kitchen... and they need to update/clean the place.  Not to mention... in this day and age... no excuses to not having an updated website.... to properly reflect your business and pricing.  I have a feeling when Mrs White was running this place... it was awesome... not anymore. Bad experience.. not even close to being worth the money spent. Avoid this place...save your money....Will not be going back... will not recommend this place to anyone I know.
4	We came here to try what a soul food means and the outcome was tremendously great, exceed our expectation, this was 2 years ago and now we are back to Phoenix just to watch football game and heading back to California, and there is no way that we won't stop by at Mrs. White to grab something to munch..... This definitely complete our day specially the fried chicken and the banana pudding.... plus the amazing people that makes your day !!!
2	Came here based on Foodnetwork's  TV show: The Best Thing I Ever Ate. The fried chicken was ok, skin was nicely crisped, but the seasoning was not marinated through the meat itself. So, it was rather bland. I really liked the side dishes, though.
4	I tried this place tonight after hearing how great the food is. I had fried catfish (awesome, awesome), fresh fried okra ( yes, it was fresh not frozen) black eyed peas (kinda blah), mixed greens (flavor wasn't great), corn bread and sweet tea. The tea tasted like my mom's. This is kind of a country hick place. Nothing fancy, far from it. Dingy and dirty; hasn't been cleaned in haw many years? There are a lot of autographs from famous people and athletes on the walls. The server (a nice young lady) was also the cook. If you are looking for ambiance this is not the place to go. If you are looking for good food, go to Mrs. Whites. There are no prices listed and I was a bit surprised at our bill. 2 dinners and 1 glass of tea and 1 glass of koolade (? spelling) $34.00 No breakdown of charges. All dinners are $15.00
4	Went back today and took out another 10 vehicles as I rammed into the left lane to make the turn into the lot...I meant to try pork chops, or catfish...nope, I couldn't get past the chicken.Once again, this chicken did not disappoint.  I had an annoying end to this long work day when I got home with this chicken.  But as soon as I picked up the drumstick and took a bite, it ALL washed away...seriously.Let's back up.  When I opened my styrofoam container, I noticed that the chicken had gotten slightly moist from the being closed up for almost an hour after I got it.  I thought the experience was going to be lessened.  No.  The drumstick was a bit soggy on the bottom from sitting so long, but like I said, I bit into it and all the annoyances of life went elsewhere and bothered some other guy.Perfection.Even when soggy.Even when sitting for over an hour.If fried chicken remains absolutely delicious even after all that, you know you've got some special stuff.What gets me is that I saw some young folks in the kitchen, I don't know if either of them fried the chicken, but if so - someone has been teaching them the real deal.  This tastes like some old woman who has been through years of hurt and pain but also joy and love has cooked this.  Someone who KNEW what bad chicken was and KNEW how to avoid that at all costs.  Someone who cared what their food tastes like.  And if youngens' are producing this kind of fare, that deserves proper kudos.I notice there is not a 'professional' atmosphere here.  Like another reviewer said, anything seems to go.  Honestly?  So what.The food is too friggin good.  Yes, we are entitled to good customer service as customers.  But like I said before, you get what you put in with the people here.  You come in with an attitude, that is what you get.I know some people put a high high value on customer service and how staff presents themselves; I do, too.  But chicken THIS good, and I mean specifically THIS chicken that is THIS good...I can accept the very casual atmosphere here.Yes, I wish they would put a bit more pride in their professionalism.  But I promise you, this chicken will make lovers of fried chicken not give a flying flea's fanny about anything else.  In each experience I've had with it, the chicken is THAT good.
5	THE best of everything, their chicken is not like any other, everything is to die for.Their tea is freshly brewed, sweetened and unsweetened, their beans and rice are amazing.  It is across from CHASE FIELD, they have autographed ceilings, floors and walls, you never know who will show up.  It closes at 1:00p.m, so, get there early.
1	First, all lunches are $13.00 each plus $2.15 for drinks. Too expensive for lunch.  The green beans/potatos and rice wer very good.  Generous  quantities. the chicken was miserabe. over cooked, dry, the crust was almost without flavor,.  There no redeaming factors. If this is true soul food, I am not doing soul again.
4	Big portions.  Really good chicken!  Not the best I've ever had but it's up there in top 3 for sure.  Everything was nicely seasoned and the veggies were delish - I opted for the greens and the blackeyed peas.  I would actually consider the veggie plate and skip the meat because the sides were soooo good.The cornbread was really, really good crumbled into the peas.  Gargantuan size kool aid too!  A worthwhile stop!
5	Not pretentious, not fancy ....... But the food is awesome!!Found them by accident the first time BEFORE I knew they had been featured on The best thing I ever ate.  My wife and I felt welcomed even though you could tell the restaurant was filled with regulars. Straight forward menu, everything is the same price except the daily special, did I say unpretentious?  Not fast but friendly and GREAT food, no ambiance but friendly and GREAT food. We haven't tried everything on the menu yet, however:Fried Chicken 10Chicken Fried Steak 10 (gravy was wonderful)Catfish 10Mixed greens 10Rice & gravy 8 (sometimes not as hot as it should be)Green beans & Taters 10Black eyed peas 8Corn bread 10Mac & Cheese 3 (sorry).Great food from fine folks since 1964!
4	I wanted to hit up LoLos one day but somehow I ended up here. There is something about this food that makes you want to roll yourself out of the building and take a nap for about 3 days.  I mean, smothered pork chops! Who does it better? The cornbread....oh the cornbread.... *smile*The portion sizes are generous without being overboard. You'll most likely finish your plate if you bring an appetite. The ambiance is perfect for what's being served and the people running the joint are super friendly.If I ate here every day I'd for sure need a bypass within a year....that means yummy.
4	Service and location not desirable what so ever. Food pretty darn good. Had pork chops Mac n cheese and green beans with taters.....man was it good. Mac n cheese I've def had better but it wasn't bad. Corn bread was not great at all...terrible. Can't believe they serve it...may be it was a bad batch? My friend had fried chicken greens and Mac n cheese. Fried chicken right on! But greens were awful. No flavor what so ever. Out of a can possibly? Waitress was odd and seemed to care about herself and the locals at the counter more than us, even tho we arrived well before them. Took a while for the food considering the joint was pretty empty. Worth the wait tho. I shall return!!!
2	Stopped by one Sunday morning around 11am.  I was the first customer there so I was looking forward to fast service and hot food.  I ordered the chicken, sweet potatoes, mac and cheese with cornbread.  The chicken was great, crunchy nicely seasoned and the portion was large.  Thus the 2 stars.  Everything else was unimpressive, mac and cheese was not creamy, potatoes were off, still cant put my finger on what it was but not good.  The cornbread was dry and had no flavor.  The atmosphere was blah, looked dirty, and the food should have made up for it and didn't.  Can't say I will try it again.
4	Mrs. Whites makes genuinely good food that you can't pass up!  If you live in Phoenix and have never tried it, you're doing yourself a disservice.These guys are best known for their fried chicken, and for good reason!  It is always fresh and super crisp on the outside but nice and juicy on the inside.  It is cooked to absolute perfection.  It is handily some of the better fried chicken I have ever had.  I wish the batter they used for the coating had a bit more seasoning or spices since I like my chicken with a bit of a kick, but they have plenty of Louisiana Hot Sauce to dump all over it if that's your thing (it's often mine).Chicken isn't all they do, however, and if you're just not in the mood for fried chicken, they have plenty of other southern staples to satisfy your appetite, including fish and pork chops.  They also have solid homestyle sides and very yummy cornbread.  On the weekends they make a knockout okra gumbo that is to die for.The place itself is a dump, but that is actually a good thing in this case (at least to me).  It has tons of character and charm and it really feels like it has a history!One tip: don't bother unless you're hungry.  The portions are huge.  REALLY HUGE.  I've never left here without a distended stomach...  It's not the cheapest place to eat in the valley (plan on nearly $20 for a lunch with tip), but the food is generally worth it, and if you're hungry enough to eat it all, it's a decent value.
1	It's a shame I'm not allowed to leave NO STARS because that is what this joint deserves.  Mrs. White's Golden Rule Cafe isn't "golden rule" at all because if this group of people came to my place, I'd feed them better and treat them friendlier then they ever did.After the New Times Best of 2011 came out, this place won(!) and  I made note to visit the place soon and  the best it got all night were two female dishwashers, in the parking lot, smoking, who could not have been nicer with their welcome.But that, my friend, is as good as it got.  The waitress, and calling her a waitress demeans all perfectly good servers across the valley, she would not get up from her seat at the counter to serve me!  She merely slid the menu across the counter to me and said, in a very unfriendly voice, whaddya havin'?The owner sat behind the counter counting his money -- SERIOUSLY -- and bragged to no one listening how he'd seen the same Casino-B Act three times in a day the day before.  Wow.The chicken came, it was good.  I paid $21 for a plate of fried chicken, all white meat, black-eyed peas and another memorable side I cannot recall.  They were out of mashed potatos.  HOW DO YOU RUN OUT OF MASHED POTATOES?  OH, WAIT, WATCHING A B-LIST CASINO ACT 3 TIMES IN A DAY MIGHT TAKE AWAY FROM KITCHEN PREP DUTIES, NO?!!!!!I told my friend on the way home what a scam that was.  I said one original recipe whole breast from KFC would be as good or better.  We stopped at the next KFC...and I was right!  $2.47 for one whole breast from KFC vs. $21 --- PER PERSON! -- at Mrs. White's.  STAY WAY AWAY FROM MRS. WHITES!This guy, this family should get down on their hands and knees, every night and thank God for Jerry Colangelo, the Diamondbacks and the gentrification of their neighborhood.  It allows, at least, a couple of casino shows per night!The sycophants who've written before me must want to misinform you:DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY.  I WASTED MY MONEY FOR YOU!update 1/20/13-a private message from Tony accuses me of racism.  Really?  What did I say here that was racist?  That I didn't like the food?  That's not racist.  That the owner was counting his money?  Again, not racism.  The only thing racist here is Tony.The food here is VASTLY OVERRATED!  I'M TELLING YOU, EL POLLO LOCO has better chicken than this DUMP, by FAR!  And you don't have watch an extremely fat waitress refuse to get up...oh, wait.  She can't.  She's too fat.
4	Lots of famous people have eaten here and there's thank you notes written all over the white patched walls to prove it, along with hand written menus on the walls.  I came here after watching The Best I Ever Ate on the food network.  So maybe my expectations were too high because I don't think it was the best fried chicken I've ever had.  Don't get me wrong, it was good but I hate to admit that I've had better.  I would say this fried chicken ranks in my top 5 for fried chicken.The staff is friendly and the lemonade is good.  Definitely give this place a try.
3	So let's see I had heard great things about the Fried Chicken here....well it was true.Sides (Mac n cheese & Coleslaw).....very good.....homemade even.Lemonade Kool-Aid.....hmmmmm.....a little to sweet for my taste but wasn't badFree Refills.....very nice......ummmmmm.Service.....good....staff very friendly.....but don't really earn there tips.Location right across the street from Chase Field....perfectly awesome for me.Parking Lot a bit small....but there is street parking....however be careful of that.The building itself is very small.....like a shack almost....but not terrible.Public Transportation nearby....that is a plus for those who live downtown.Pricing could be better.....3 pieces of chicken....2 sides.....and Cornbread....13 bucks.They do take debit but there is 1.00 charge I think to use it.....that is pretty terrible....but since everything was pretty good we didn't complain. We also had a groupon deal 10 bucks we paid for 20 bucks worth of food....but with the pricing of the food we barely broke even....so don't know if it is worth it. All in all in was a pleasant experience....but unless you live downtown or are attending a game driving here just for soul food....might not be your best option. Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!!
4	Great food. Good prices. Friendly service.My friends and I ate here while attending the Phoenix Comicon not knowing anything about the place. We were pleasantly surprised. We weren't expecting soul food, but the chicken fried steak smothered in gravy and side of green beans hit the spot. Don't let the appearance of the building fool you (the windows are all barred up), the food is great.
2	This chicken was awesome. It was pretty darn delicious. HOWEVER, the inside of the chicken, how disappointing... It taste like the chicken hadn't really had time to marinade? The skin was seasoned perfectly and crispy so I made sure to get a bite of that in with every piece of meat.The mac-n-cheese, mushy and not very tasty. The potato salad, yums!! Very good on that mix. And the corn bread, how disappointing. It was dry and tasteless. I was really looking forward to it too because corn bread and soul food, hand in hand right?? Not so much here :-\I wanted to try Lolo's up the street but I think they were closed for construction or something. For some reason I have a feeling that place would be more of what I was looking for.
4	Outside of building is plain and doesn't pull you in but the food was really good! It is soul food and home made fresh as you wait not sitting in a pan waiting to dish up so it takes some time to get your order. I had the chicken fried steak you could cut it with a fork, Mac and cheese that was very creamy and much better then anything I have had in a while, Sweet Potato's that had flavor all the way through soaked into each spud. Yummy I couldn't finish it all there was so much, lots of food for a lunch so be prepared to take home a container. Corn bread was a little dry but you are suppose to use it to soak up your gravy as they do in the south so remember that it is not to be eatin dry as I think most are trying to do.Staff is not overly friendly but they are not rude by any means. Good home cooked food which are the basics of the southern soul cooking.If your looking for a high priced upper scale place this is not it! It is home cooked food in a basic diner feel that you would find in Alabama or a small town in Georgia  Worth stopping by for good home cooked meal done southern style!
1	The 2 times we have gone there, they were closing.. What type of restaurant has soul food hours from 10:00-7:00? The average person gets off work at 5:00, that means you only have about a hour to get over there and eat. I will not be going back...ever.
2	When you go to Mrs. White's you will get down home food. You will also get down home service, which means prepare to be ignored while the staff talks and laugh among themselves.The food was good but the only problem is if you go two hours before closing time they will be out of most (if not all) of the side dishes and desserts, which is very odd. You rarely find it crowded (except maybe on Sundays after church) so it seems as if they would rather have less sides or just enough than too much. I can't imagine a restaurant constantly "running out of food" all the time.It took us about 45 minutes to get our food and only after the waitress told us every 15 minutes they had no more mac and cheese, then no more sweet potatoes, then no more greens. The chicken was very good and so was the cornbread, but I've been here several times and the service is the same.As we were looking to pay our bill the owner (or someone related to Mrs. White I assume) was on the phone talking to someone about going out that night, over charged us, swore we owed more than we did (all the while he's still having a conversation on the phone) and when we finally told him he over charged us he just said "oh".The food isn't enough to make up for the service and vanishing dessert and sides options, so I think I won't be going back.
2	Ew.. Let's start with that. I went into mrs whites skeptical of the help reviews. I figured I would either love it or hate it. I walked in and the staff could've cared less that I was there. I was yelled at from the counter to see if I wanted anything to drink. The sweet tea is very good, I will give them that. The staffs clothing was dirty and unkept. It looked like they hadn't brushes their hair in days. We were pretty neglected and got no useful tips from ordering off of their very limited menu. The food was okay, the cornbread and canned yams being the best. It was good to go see what everyone was taking about but I will not be back again.
4	The fried chicken is awesome and the portion sizes are huge. The only thing I didn't like was the peach cobbler. It was like eating peach soup because it was watered down.
3	The food is good, but I just cannot get past how horrible the service was. It took us almost 2 hours to order and eat our food, what were they doing? The restaurant was not full, it was not busy. Probably will not be going back.
4	Drove into Phoenix today and headed straight to Mrs. White's.  It seems we were a bit early, and we had to wait outside while it opened.  An employee came outside while we were waiting to grab a smoke.  He was friendly and started up a bit of conversation with my husband about the place.  It turns out he was one of the cooks.When were able to finally get in, we were offered drinks, and ended up getting sweet tea, which I don't care for.  I got the smothered pork chop and two sides, the mac and cheese and the black eyed peas.  We got a corn cake to eat while we waited and when the meal came it was pipping hot and very good. Service was excellent and prices were reasonable.  I recommend this place for some true southern food.
4	I've never actually stepped inside the place but I had a few take out meals brought to me by my folks over the years. Whenever I bit into a piece of fried chicken or breaded pork chop, I get an image of a motherly woman painstakingly cooking for a large family.
4	Whoever's got the Gold makes the rules and Mrs. White makes gold in that kitchen.While I'm pretty sure that's not the golden rule Mrs. White is talking about, I think this one is more fitting! Her Smothered Chicken Fried Steak, dripping in gravy might as well have been dripping in gold, it tasted awesome! I ordered mine up with Mac N Cheese and Sweet Potatoes, deciding on those over the okra and the collard greens was tough, but worth it.Unless you're on one of those reverse diet plans eating a minimum number of calories like an Olympic swimmer, you had better check you diets at the door; this ain't no place for calorie countin'. I told mine I was going out for a light jog on my lunch that day; "You really don't need to come along." I told her; I hope she bought it! The ambiance here is likened more to a waffle house experience than 5 star dining, with old school fast food type booths and seating. While you're here, read the wall closely enough, and you will find many Cool signatures penned right on to it. Famous musical entertainers, local and nationally accomplished athletes, and other famed diners can all be found to have dined here once upon a time.Our waitress was surprisingly fit and trim for someone who serves food at a Soul Food spot. I had to ask, "Just how do you keep that girlish figure while working and dining here?" which she replied with "running back and forth with orders all day" and "hiking my favorite trails" on her off days. I have to note that she is now my new inspiration. Maybe I need to get a job here. I wonder how that would go over for my diet plan? Hmmmm.Happy Yelping Phoenix, it's time to go for gold!
4	like home...smothered with gravy and love, with greasy and sassy service.
3	Having heard so much about Mrs. Whites, had to try it.Known for its Fried Chicken, on my first trip I asked the Counter Waitress (very helpful by the way) what she suggested and she said "The Pork Chop." Well I came for the Fried Chicken so she suggested a "Combination Plate" with both. Glad she did!The Pork Chop, thin and apparently pan fried was absolutely TERRIFIC! If I could have, I would have eaten the bone! Obviously a combination of coating and temperature, which is able to partially caramelize the small amount of fat on the Pork Chop, make it delectable. The Fried Chicken was a bit of a disappointment on both occasions. NOT the best I have had and honestly, I could almost do as well at home. Additionally, the breast piece (on both occasions) was anemic without much meat and skin. Sides? Mac and Cheese and the Cabbage are addictive. The best? CORNBREAD! Wonderful, hot, full of flavor and no butter is needed.NOT a bargain at $13 without a drink for lunch (they are only open until 7 PM) but lots of choices besides the Pork Chop and Fried Chicken.
3	Okay, so I am rather new to town and have been to very famous and not so famous soul food restaurants around the world, and this one is to me, only decent.  I decided to try this restaurant out today after visiting an historical church for Sunday service, that is right across the street.  As I walked over to the restaurant, I got giddy inside thinking that I would be welcomed by absolutely amazing down home soul food that I have experienced in Harlem, Houston, St. Louis, New Jersey, and even Philly, but I was not.  I knew that the ambiance was not going to be upscale, which is fine with me, but the food is not as exciting as the previous reviewers make it seem.  Maybe my taste buds are a little too snobby, but like I said I have had amazing soul food in other places, not just the South. Moving on, I had the fried chicken, mac n cheese, black eyed peas, cabbage, and corn bread.  I must say that the black eyed peas and corn bread were pretty good, but the cabbage lacked lots of flavor, and so did the fried chicken.  Also the fried chicken was very salty, but lacked flavor, which to me is a little oxymoronic. The waitress/waiter were very nice.  I will not go back because I do not feel like the meal was worth the $13.00 plus tax.I will go over and try Lo-Los Chicken and Waffles soon and hopefully there, I will find delicious soul food that I left behind on the East Coast in New Jersey, NY, and Philly!
2	I've heard such amazing things about this place that I couldn't wait to try it.  I finally did and it was okay.  The service was sub par.  Waitstaff were chewing food while serving my drink. They ran out of food and forgot our cornbread.  I liked the lively crowd.  Location is tough to get to with all the one way streets.  I probably will not go back.
5	Posh to anyone who rates this place anywhere below 5-stars. Mrs. White is a sweetheart. The passion of everyone in the kitchen comes through in all their dishes. I have had just about everything on the menu, at least once, and find that it is still worth the drive, no matter how far out of the way I am to indulge in some of that delicious home cooking. Peach cobbler is an amazing aperitif when there's room or if any is left. However, it does not travel by plane well as we very messily found out one afternoon.
4	This is a tough one.  I'd found out about Mrs. White's by way of Lo-Lo's, and thought I'd try Mama's food before Son's.  It was good, I'll say that.  I had the smothered chicken and regretted it immensely - fried chicken covered with gravy amounts to a mess of watery breading.  Between that and having to dig through the mess to find the bones, it wasn't exactly a lot of meat down my throat.  Mac & Cheese and white rice as my sides were good.The ambiance?  There IS none.  I found more entertainment from the writing on the wall, which had clearly been painted over MANY times since the 60s, and the open/close sign which reads, if closed, to contact "Jesus".  LOL.Unaware of the church across the street, I arrived right after Sunday services to find the place fairly full - some churchgoers, at least one newcomer party, and several regulars.  Based on the caloric content of the entrees, I wasn't surprised to see about 50% obese customers, while the rest were inexplicably thin.As a Whitey, I can't say that I was comfortable.  Clientele is almost all Black and while they are some of my best friends, I only felt welcome because of the cordial words spoken by our waiter and the cashier at the checkout, who clearly could have beat the crap out of me with one punch.  Other than that, there were a lot of "what are YOU doing here?" looks from fellow customers.  I kept wishing I had brought my sista friend with me, who would have loved this place.I'd go back, but it's not a perfect choice.  Perhaps on a Saturday when church hadn't just let out.  Also, the price is extreme - it's almost as high as Knott's Berry Farm which gives you more food for only about $2 more, and that's at theme park prices.  This is just dumpy outskirts of downtown..but again, I don't wanna judge.  I love small business and I'm proud of Mrs. White for making it this long; hope she continues for a long time to come.
3	Visited again but seemed the menu is limited during the weekday.
5	First time eating soul food... my fabulous boss brought me here for a lunch meeting. Needless to say, the "meeting" went out the window and we just chowed down for a good hour. Red beans over rice, mac n cheese, cornbread, catfish... I felt like I was in the movie, Soul Food (can I be Nia Long for a day?) Five stars based on food only. Service wasn't great... girl at the counter had an attitude problem, or maybe just had a bad day - but no excuses for trying to mess up my experience! Go here anyway!
5	I'm a huge proponent of The Golden Rule. Ever since I was a little girl the words "Do unto others as you would have them do unto you" has resonated with me. Clearly, to Mrs. White The Golden Rule goes a step further to making truly delicious soul food.  The place is quaint and feels like you're sitting down to eat at somebody's home or at a church dinner.  There is simply no substitute for Mrs. Whites.  From the cornbread to the catfish everything is seasoned superbly.  Real soul food with real soul. Guaranteed.
4	Down Home in Phoenix!Be prepared for some culture shock and forget about your diet for the day.Great southern cooking in a funky building... interesting atmosphere, with customer graffiti on the walls.Worth a try for the experience!
5	Soul Food to ease your Soul. Simply amazing food that will fill you up and stick to your ribs.
3	I went to the establishment as a expert of soul food.  If Mrs White's was anywhere in the south, it would not have gotten any accolades.  Don't get me wrong.  The fried chicken was good, with a perfect texture and crunchy outside.  And if I was only grading it on the chicken, she would have been "movin on up" status but the mac and cheese was a poor excuse.  Bland and as close to store bought without purchasing from KFC as you can get.  The red beans and rice were worse.  But what was I expecting in Phoenix as far as soul food goes?  I have seen 3 african americans since arriving to PHX and 2 worked at Mrs Whites.  I suggest sticking to the tex-mex...
3	I spent many formative years in Eastern North Carolina & I can certainly appreciate some good home cooking - this place definitely satisfies that craving. I had the most amazing smother/friend pork chops (their seasoning is delish), mixed greens & black eyed peas - sweet tea and the only reason I can't give more stars is because they were out of the peach cobbler I have heard so many great things about - however, the apple pie I had instead was definitely yummy. I plan to make this a reg spot once I move uptown - :)
2	MMM, southern fried chicken... but I was really disappointed that they didn't have a boneless option.  Unfortunately, I can't each meat off a bone, so no chicken for me :(I loved the unsweetened iced tea!  It had such a good flavor.They did have a vegetarian option, a vegetable plate that came with all the vegetables.  The portion was huge.  The flavor of all the vegetables wasn't the greatest; it was rather bland.  Plus, I noticed standing water at the bottom of the plate, so I'm not sure if the veggies were drained properly.  They accept credit cards, but only Visa and MasterCard.
1	I have been wanting to try this place for years!  I just want to say that it takes a lot for me to complain or for that matter to write a negative review...I would rather not say anything at all.  You know...that whole "if you have nothing nice to say don't say anything at all" rule!  That being said...we were so disappointed.  Customer service was hit and miss...the waiter was nice enough...the waitress was...ummm... lets say rough around the edges.  As for the food....seriously bland.  Not gross....but not good by any means.  Mediocre at best.  Some cornbread showed up out of the blue when we were almost done with our meals.  The waitress seemed  offended that we didnt eat much of it.  Oh well...we will be marking this one off the list.  : /
1	Don't come here. They are out of everything by 6pm. Staff seemed angry the place was full. Pork chop was cooked enough for a whole pig.
5	Everything I've tried at this place has ranged from excellent to phenomenal.  It's a very simple place with a limited menu of fried chicken, pork chops, catfish and other basic Southern food.  The catfish dinner is one huge(!) slab of fish with a really tasty batter.  The okra gumbo, available only on weekends, is excellent (try a couple dashes of hot sauce to liven it up).  On top of that the prices are cheap.  Service is friendly, and while sometimes they get really packed and it's a bit slower, it's never bad.
1	This place charges $15 a PLATE for a meat and two sides....that would be fine if it were in a comparable location and somewhere you wouldn't mind eating in...instead the place is dirty, old and they charge for EVERYTHING....debit card usage - there's a charge for that (which is illegal)..if you specify which pieces of chicken you would like instead of what they give you - that's a extra charge...if you use the ATM machine located inside etc....The food itself is BLAND...in case anyone hasn't noticed, the candied yams and greens are from a can - called GLORY, yes you too can have this at home, the gravy is bland and lack seasonings...if you get red beans and rice - there's your 2 sides...it's not a combo like one would expect.Overall the chicken and anything else here fried is great, but the box mix cornbread (May be Jiffy but it taste like Glory also) and "urban" decor is a no-go. If you spend $50 for 2 ppl to eat (which you will here if you get a drink) you're better off going for a descent steak dinner instead.I'm sure these folks have remained in business due to the businesses in the surrounding area and "other" folks that don't know what true soul food tastes like (see Amera's review lol) so they are more than happy to hand over their money and call it THE BEST THING EVER...But Mrs. White and her friends/family (whoever works the place) would be laughed out of other authentic soul food/Southern areas of the country..This is the equivalent to Taco Bell serving Mexican Food and calling themselves Carolina's.
1	My son and I were downtown and I decided to introduce him to Mrs. Whites, a place I had not been to in several decades. We ordered the fried chicken and the pork chops. We never got any cornbread. I got maccaroni rather than the requested rice and gravy. The photos on the menu implied a pair of bone in chops rather than the boneless pieces of dry pork loin in a flavorless crust I was served, one at a time. The fried chicken was inconsistent in that some parts were rare and others overcooked! Finally we were charged an additional 70 cents for the luxury of using a credit card. So the meal was $13 a plate plus two and change each for weak sweet tea and lemonade. The biggest waste of $38 in recent memory. The servers were surly and disinterested. Mrs. White would be embarrassed at what has transpired since her departure. I long for the days in the 70's when Lucille's Soul Food Cafe was on Washington with her 'real deal' oxtails and genuinely delicious food. This place is the WORST!
1	Went about 3 years ago and I have not considered going back! Just nasty to me. Enough said!
5	yes, yes yes. Exactly what I was hoping it would be. I've been waiting to try this spot for a  VERY long time, but wifey doesn't eat fried chicken much but a friend invited us so it was a perfect time to check it out. It's exactly what I expected in a Soul Food restaurant. Small, friendly and great food. Now I will say to bring a bushel of patience with you as everything moves kind of slow here but that's okay with me, I came knowing that so no issue. The menu items are all $13 and you get your main dish and 2 sides. I went with the fried chicken with mac and cheese and mixed greens. Wifey had the Chicken Fried Steak, okra gumbo (awesome!) and mac and cheese. They also brought out fresh corn bread. Not my thing, but wifey really liked it. I also was able to get a big ole glass of Kool Aid with my meal, score!  The chicken was super fresh, juicy and perfectly seasoned. The greens and mac and cheese were also done to perfection. All in all, a text book Southern meal. I'll for sure be back when I'm in the mood. Nicely done Mrs. Whites, you have a new fan
1	This place has been around since I was born and critics seem to love this place. I am a big fan of Lolo's so this place should be even better right? I brought two of my foodie friends and we were excited about trying this place. Our high expectations were shattered with the worst service I've ever had and just downright lame food. The "world famous fried chicken" (which took 20 minutes to bring) tasted like Banquet frozen chicken. The server brought our cornbread 10 minutes after our lousy chicken. We had no silverware for a while.  My other colleague ordered the special ribs. He compared them to the McRib sandwich which I thought was an insult to Mickey D's. The men's bathroom didn't have hand towels to add to our misery. The coup de gras was we paid $16 for a crappy chicken plate and an iced tea. Everybody has a bad day but if you've been around for 48 years, you have no excuses.
5	Wow good
4	I have read some pretty negative and hateful comments about this place.   I personally liked this place and will return.  Coming here, you can see there is zero ambiance, but its the food that counts.  I know when I walked in the ambiance would suck.... Service wasn't the greatest.  What counts for me is the food. Portions were huge. My plate overflowed.  I ordered  fried chicken and boyfriend had catfish.  Both were extremely delicious.  Had a homemade quality and much better than fast food.  I will return and try other dishes.  Don't expect great service and don't expect the prettiest place to sit, expect good home cooked food. I think we were supposed to get corn bread but it never came either....
5	Wanted to eat here for a long time, was not disappointed. Large portions, great comfort food the way it is suppose to be. Shared the Moist Pork Chops, Fried Catfish, Fried Chicken. The sides are great also, cornbread, potato salad and mac & cheese and of course kool aid. We were fortunate there was no wait and also had parking available. The portions were very generous and actually made 2 1/2 meals. The staff was friendly and very helpful on deciding what to order. Can't wait to go back. You have to try this iconic place.
1	Lunch: Out of friend chicken. Only pork chops available. Two of the side dishes I wanted to order were "out" too. Me thinks not. Didn't order anything. Left and went to LoLo's. The owner of LoLo's is Mrs. White's Grandson. At least he knows how to run a restaurant.
1	Yes! I am giving it a 1 star. I think I am a bit biased though because I have had Sweetie Pie's (being as I'm from STL) so I know good soul food PLUS my aunt owns a bakery and is a awesome cook when it comes to southern food. This place? Absolutely NOT! The meals should NOT be 15 a plate.. it's not worth it at all. People always put this place on a high pedal stool and I don't know why. Me and my BF decided to try this place on a whim and I was greatly disappointed. I got the smothered pork chops... cold, bland, and looked old. Let's not even get on the corn bread... super dry! I seriously don't think this place is worth 15 bucks a plate. On the other hand Lo Lo's (DOWNTOWN location) it's GOOD! So good when my cousin was in town for a day I suggested this place of ALL places I know. And she is a harsh critic but she approved! I know for a fact she would not approve of this place. Neither do I. Thing is... this place is owned by Ms. White and Lo Lo's is owned by I think her grandson or something so you would THINK the food and the way it taste would kinda coincide.
1	overpriced for overfried food. We went about an hour before closing and they took forever to bring food. just no customer service it was like you were inconvience to them being there.. I'm sure at one time this place was great at one time but no longer.
4	This place is AMAZING!  The real deal!I was traveling in PHX and someone recommended we try this place out.  We did and went back three times that week.  I was back for a conference and I dragged a group there and they loved it too!The fried chicken and the breaded pork chops were amazing.  I really enjoyed the mac and cheese and there is nothing like washing it down with a hugh glass of ice cold fruit punch.I can't wait until my next trip to PHX...this will definitely be a stop!
4	Just Like the SouthWe love your typical meat-and-three type restaurants across the South.  We never expected to find such a place in Arizona.  At Mrs White's, you would think that you were in Nashville or Birmingham.The fried chicken was delicious and the mixed greens very nice.  I do wish that they had mashed potatoes.Unfortunately, they had run out of their famous peach cobbler, so we'll have to go back.
2	Ok the food is worth trying I will give them that. But the way they lie and treat you the customer is just awful. We originally ordered catfish and they came back about 4 minutes later and told us they didn't have catfish. A customer walked in about 20 minutes after that and when the waitress said they didn't have catfish the big man that runs the place spoke up and said "yes yes we do have catfish". I think he only told that customer they have catfish because he is biased. I am white and they didn't want to serve white people the good stuff it was only for their special guests or other black people. The waitress didn't smile once; when i asked if they had coca cola or dr. pepper she said "NO!" in a very hateful tone and looked at me like i was scum. I felt like I wasn't welcome there the whole time I was there. Gave me the suspicious eye. Let's get rid of the prejudice people. We. Can. All. Get. Along. Anyways if your black, they will call you brother or sister and give you the royal treatment but whites should stay away unless you want shitty ass service.
3	It was good but not great.  Went there for an early lunch at 1130am.  The chicken was great.  Lots of big pieces.  However it tool almost 45 minutes to get served and I thought it was a bit expensive.  The 3 peice meal and a drink came to over $17 plus tip.
5	I would really give this a 4.5 if I could, just because it was HOT inside the restaurant, and for the $.75 credit card fee.  Either way the fried chicken was AMAZING; truly a gift from God.  The skin was super crispy and seasoned well, and the meat was juicy.  I know $13 may seem a bit steep for one plate, but this includes a half a chicken and 2 generous portions of sides.  My boyfriend and I both had to take some home.  I was worried that it would get soggy after a couple hours in the fridge, but it was still good as a midnight snack.
2	Listed on Phoenix top 50 things to do, well take it off.  Sat at the counter, watching an interesting news story. Young guy comes and changes channel to sports then walks away (really). Alot of young people working, guy sweeping the floors then picks up plate from window to serve.  Catfish was ok, greens all stems, mac n cheese no flavor, black eye peas mushy like they were old/reheated. Lemonade good, not too sweet. Left disappointed, would not go back or recommend.
3	Overall, this place is pretty good.  The price is a bit high, but I enjoyed the fried chicken and chicken fried steak that I had here.  On the down side, the black eyed peas tasted like the canned variety and I felt the cornbread was a tad too dry.  I would also avoid this place on a busy day - fresh fried food takes awhile.I think Lolo's and Golden Rule are run by the same family (or are related somehow) and the two are quite similar. In my opinion Lolo is a full star better though, and if you are reading Yelp to decide between the two then I would recommend passing on Golden Rule.
1	I was very disappointed today in the service,food overall & the long time to get our food. (1.5 hours). There were only two other tables & they were served before us. The five dinners were brought out one by one. To think I came here on my birthday to celebrate?! Should of gone to Lolo's as the rest of the gang wanted to. At least Lolo's can say thank you & sorry.And....no cooler or A/C in the back part of the restaurant.
1	This place looks as plain as the food tastes. I could get a 3 piece meal at KFC with a drink for half the price of what  I paid for lunch here. 14.00 vs 7.00....Just because it's homemade doesn't make it better....The only thing good here was the Coleslaw (taste like KFC).Keep your money and move on. There are plenty of places besides this one that serve much better food and service it's just not Mrs Whites :-(
5	I loved this little restaurant. I was visiting my boyfriend for the weekend and googled this place. It had the best fried chicken we could ever want. It was really moist and juicy, but crispy. The service was good and consistent. If you want soul food that is mouth watering then this is the place. I will definitely return here in the future. Didn't have room for desserts, but I'm looking forward to the peach cobbler.
3	Great greens, sweet potatoes, and Mac and cheese.  Chicken was flavorful and crispy but unfortunately dry.
4	My wife nd I went to Mrs. Whites yesterday for lunch. My wife had the fried chicken, candied yams and macaroni and cheese. She said the fried chicken was excellent and the candied yams were the best she ever had. I had the smothered pork chops and cabbage. The pork chop was absolutely wonderful. We had sweet tea and lemonade to drink both were outstanding. I would go back for sure. My only complaint was the place is a little dirty it would be nice if they would clean the tables, sweep the floor and  just do a little better job of cleaning. I was thinking if they did such a terrible job of cleaning the front of the house I wonder how thorough they are in washing the plates cups and utensils.
1	I wish there could be negative stars because this place would receive probably a -2. It's perhaps the most disappointing dining experience of my life. The food wasn't good. The service was worse. I really don't have the words to describe how awful our experience here was. How this place keeps making must visit lists is beyond me. No joke Churches is a better fried chicken experience, at least you don't have to wait 45 minutes for slop.
2	The quality vs value of this place has completely plummetted in recent times and I had a very disappointing visit a few weeks ago. I had met a couple of friends for lunch who had never been here before. Told them that it was one of the best soul food places I've ever been to, which at time of stating had been quite true. I've been coming here for about seven or eight years and I remember when the food used to cost $8.80 per plate - AND after your meal someone was always walking around offering the dessert of the day to everyone. Quaint and tasty and decently priced. Now, everything is almost double that, over $14 per plate. And the flavours have gone downhill. I told these guys the cornbread at Mrs White's was all-world. Out comes stale shitty cornbread that I guarantee was made the previous day - we got there at just after 11am so I KNOW it wasn't fresh. One of my friends asked for mac and cheese, they didn't have it. Also didn't have red beans and rice, which is what I normally order. Um, ok. I asked for smothered chicken. The other two asked for fried chicken. Out come three plates of fried chicken. I was too hungry to care. Then the guy comes out and says they DO have mac and cheese. Whatever. Collard greens aren't flavourful at all - almost like something steamed out of a Green Giant freezer pack. Fried chicken was okay, but not anything better than Church's and three times the price. And nobody offered any dessert, not that we would have had it anyway.The bill for all three of us came to $48!! For basically something I could have cobbled together myself and I'm not even kidding. Kraft mac and cheese would have been tastier. Fried chicken takes a little while but isn't rocket science. Collard greens are a twenty-five cent side, and I almost broke my tooth on the cornbread. This place went from a treat to a disaster in one horrible visit. Won't be back unless and until they literally halve their prices and go back to the quality hole-in-the-wall they used to be. At least they accept credit cards now - only took them a half century to figure that out. And to top it off, their website is just as jacked up as their prices. 2 stars.
2	I've eaten here many times over the past 6 years and absolutely loved the food every time.  Never had better fried pork chops anywhere...sweet potatoes are awesome too!  I've been bragging about this place to my family out of state for years....while the family was in town yesterday, we stopped in for lunch anticipating a wonderful meal.  There were only two booths seated when we arrived...the two young men that waited on us were pleasant and attentive, but the meal we got was just ok.  The moist succulent (fried) pork chops were not either.  Typically you get two nice bone in center cut pork chops that are juicy on the inside and crunchy on the outside.  What we got were two chops (one boneless chop and one super thin bone in chop). One was tasty and one like jerky.  Sweet potatoes and greens were great, gravy on rice was watery and flavorless, same with potatoes and green beans.  Corn bread was served cold and chewy, not made that day.  Things have changed and not for the better....they have never been known for their service, but the food had been so good I was willing to overlook this.  I hope this was just a fluke and the once wonderful food returns soon!
4	The original chicken that started it all and spun off LoLos. Amazing, quirky, hole in the wall. Bad staff, lousy seats, super slow service...it's all part of the, charm? Always. Love it.
5	This place is truly amazing! I had always heard about how good it was and finally had the opportunity to eat here the other night before attending a show at the Orpheum. I went with the Fried Chicken and had the rice-gravy and mac & cheese as my sides. With the complimentary corn bread to go with it you can't go wrong. The service was very good and I will hopefully be back in the near future!
3	I walked to this restaurant from my hotel, on the advice of www.roadfood.com, for carry-out. I love soul food, and had the St. Louis Sweetie Pie's standard in my background by way of comparison. Sweetie Pie's is much better, faster, and cheaper. I had the chicken, which was good. I also ordered collard greens and green beans. The collard greens were excellent, but the green beans were pale and mushy, as if they'd come from a can. The restaurant wasn't crowded, so I was able to observe a customer at the counter successfully negotiating with the restaurant staff for free carry-out food for her family function. Meanwhile, that same staff forgot that I had already paid for my food, and tried to charge me twice. I had paid in cash and had been given no receipt or bill, so I couldn't begin to prove my honesty in the matter. A little uncomfortable, needless to say.
4	Great greens and chicken, good staff. You might wait a bit for the food, but it's worth it.
5	Been coming here for a few months, but tonight was just perfect.  I always get the same thing - chicken fried steak (gravy is so bomb), cabbage, and red beans and rice.  Yum yum yum.  With a drink comes out to just under $17 - so worth it.  Staff has always been very friendly, and Mr. White is hilarious.
5	My sister and brother-in-law suggested we try this place for a to-go order of fried chicken. Although it took a bit to figure out what menu item/items were best for the occasion, everyone I spoke to was just AMAZING. It goes without saying that the chicken was delicious but the reason I give this place five stars is more about the people. Service with a smile, for sure! Thank you, Mrs. Whites!
5	I'm not going to complain that it's not a 5 star restaurant, but I figured that a Soul Food restaurant across from the oldest Black Church in Phoenix had to have good soul food! Catfish is my weakness and this place has it! Delicately fried and moist and tendered on the inside. It was perfection. I had it with mixed greens and Southern sweet tea. My Soul food cravings were more than satisfied! I WILL be back again and again!
4	Stopped in for lunch and had the chicken fried steak (about the size of my head), cabbage, and red beans -  add a drink and it was still well under $20. Food was hot and flavorful and seasoned just right. A little bit  rough setting but more than made up for it with the food and ultimately that's what you're there for right? Staff seemed a little overwhelmed and probably could have used one more person. Definitely will be back!
1	From what my mother tells me the food she had was excellent. However I couldn't even touch mine. I'll explain, I ordered the smothered pork chops and the waitress brought my plate to the wrong table. The people at that table began to pick at the food. Then the waitress realized her mistake and came back and grabbed the food from them. Instead of making me a new plate ( which would of been another 20 min wait) she took in the back for about 5 sec and walked back out and handed me the plate like there was no mistake made. I'm not much of a germaphobe but the whole experience seemed a little unsanitary.
4	My order....Red Kool-aid, chicken, sweet potatoes,   mac n cheese and corn bread. Asked for honey and hot sauce on the side. Hubby ordered the cat fish, green beans and mac n cheese.  Verdict.....same as usual. ...it's fricken delicious. Love sitting at the counter where you can catch the smells of food cooked with love wafting from the kitchen. Pricy but with it.
3	Went here for a late lunch before the Diamondbacks game.  Despite it being close to 2:00 PM, it was pretty busy. The waitstaff was very friendly, but overall I found them to be quite slow and inattentive.  We were waiting for what seemed like an eternity when one of the waitresses (not the one who took our order) quipped "Are y'all movin' in or what?".  She immediately went to check on our order and brought it out a couple of minutes later. I had the fried chicken with macaroni and cheese and green beans as the sides. My companion had chicken fried steak with mac/cheese and black eyed peas.  We both agreed the food was OUTSTANDING.  Kick up the service a couple notches and I will gladly give this place 5 stars.
5	Came for lunch. Ordered fried chicken and pork chops. Mac and cheese, apple sauce, and rice with gravy. Sweet tea and koolaid. We may as we'll have licked our plates. Everything was absolutely delicious. And everyone working was so friendly and welcoming. Thank you!!!
1	If this review was only for the food i would give it a higher score. Over priced but very good. Waiter seemed a little overworked but he did a fine job. However, when we went to pay we were stuck standing there for about 10 minutes until an older gentleman finally came out and barely said a word to me. He pulled the receipt and tossed it at me without saying a word. I signed it only to make sure the waiter got his tip and the man tossed my copy at me the same way. The man was incredibly rude and i will never ever return. Ill stick with lolo's.
1	I honestly don't know how anyone can rate this restaurant more than 1 star.  We saw this restaurant featured on Check Please Arizona and being from the south, we were excited to try it.  I decided to take my husband there for his birthday.  Let me start off with the review of the food - it was terrible.  The chicken was greasy, and had no flavor.  The sides were as bad as a school cafeteria.  But the service is even worse!  We arrived around 1:30 on a Saturday.  There were 2 large tables of people and a few other tables but still lots of empty tables (the place is pretty small).  We chose a table in the back - huge mistake, because it reeked of the smells from the bathroom.  But I wanted to try to stay positive since it was my husband's birthday.  We waited only a few minutes before a waiter came by to give us menus and get our drink order.  We ordered non-sweet tea - however, we got one sweet and one non-sweet, we were able to get that remedied, but when the waiter came back to give us the tea, he wouldn't take our order even though we said we were ready.  He said he had to get a pencil and paper and would be back. Well, he didn't come back for almost 45 minutes!  That's not to say he wasn't around, when the large table's food was ready, the brought out the plates one by one - several minutes apart.  Several other tables came in during this time, while we were still waiting to order, he actually took he new tables orders before ours!  Finally, I spoke up next time he was in our vicinity and told him we still hadn't ordered.  Even after this, it took him about 10 minutes to come back!  We should have walked out, but now it was a mission to see how long it would take.  After we ordered, we waited again.  At some point, a man came out and asked a table near us, but who had came in well after us, how long they had been waiting, and this nice lady told him that our table had been waiting longer than hers.  Turns out, they got their food before we did!  In fact several tables that came in after us got food before us.  Finally, we got our food and let me say that I have had better fried chicken from KFC - I actually think they might have gotten the chicken from KFC, because I don't remember the smell of chicken frying in the restaurant.  And of course they got our sides wrong.  At the end of our meal, a lady came by again to the table near us and apologized for the delay and asked if she could provide a dessert on the house, again the nice lady customer informed the employee that in fact we had been there much longer than them, The employee then just looked at us and reluctantly came to our table and asked us if we wanted dessert.  Having lived in the south, I am familiar with racial tensions, and I have read the other Yelpers mentioning the disparity of service for non-dark customers, this place is worse than anything I have ever experienced.  Two hours waiting for a lunchtime meal!  That's CRAZY!  I felt unwelcome and unimportant to the business.  I will never go there again.  And after all of that, it was $34.00!!  Maybe they charge by the number of minutes you occupy the table?  I think I owe my husband another birthday dinner....
1	This place sucks.  The brother of the current owner owns LOLOs Chicken and Waffles.  Go to LoLos.  If you want to experience reverse racism as a white person go to the Golden Rule.  Complete ahole is running his mother's landmark into the ground.
4	We went about 3 pm on a Saturday, place was close to empty. Not sure if that was bc of the heat or recent negative reviews but either way it was nice for us. FOOD: I'll start with the most important part, the food!!! For the food alone, 5 stars!! I got the catfish sandwich and cabbage, so delicious. My hubby got fried chicken, mac n cheese, and sweet potatoes. Everything tasted great and the portions where big. My picky 2 year old ate half my catfish and his dads chicken, we were amazed at that alone. As others have said, the food took a long time to come out, about 30 to 45. When it came out, it was hot and fresh. Quality food will only cook so fast so I'm not going to complain too much about the wait.SERVICE: Staff was prompt, friendly and very polite. Everyone seemed down to earth. To some they may seem a little too laid back which may come off as unprofessional, but we didn't mind. The food is southern style soul food, it isn't suppose to be served by uptight people in a suit and tie. ATMOSPHERE: Its a small establishment which is cool but it still could use a little work. Booths were loose and barely enough room under the table. We kept stepping on each others shoes. For people with little kids this may be important. They only had 2 high chairs, both were dirty and could have used a quick wipe down by staff before being put back. Bath room could use a little remodel and felt like a sauna. I washed my hands and ran out. It was also warm in the dinning room. In a triple digit summer quality AC is a must!! Overall, we liked it even with some issues here and there. We will be going back.
4	Chicken fried steak with yams, green beans, cornbread,  and sweet tea. The best!! Service isn't the greatest,  but that's not why you come here. You come to get your grub on ;)
1	Heard a lot about this place so decided to to it for myself. 2 words - never again. First of all, there was a sign that said "Parking $1 plus $9 Tip."  I don't know if it was a joke or serious but I was NOT parking there. I parked on the street. When I go inside, the place is empty. (I'm not going to go into detail about the horrible decor)  The hostess gave me a menu since I wanted it To Go, but also gave me a book of oils... Hustling OILS as I looked over the overpriced menu. Wow. Ghet-to.  The meals were $13 for an entree and 2 sides. I got the smothered chicken with gravy on the side, black eyed peas and rice, and macaroni and cheese. After waiting about 30 minutes for my $15 meal, I left. (They forgot my gravy. I went back for it)The Meal: Chicken was incredibly fatty. Lots of parts I could not eat. The black eyed peas and rice were flavorless. No seasoning. No salt. The macaroni and cheese was clearly BOXED! Cheap, sad excuse for a soul food restaurant to have boxed soupy Mac and cheese. The meal came with cornbread which was hard and heavy and absolutely inedible. Overall, I was very disappointed with my meal and the service I received from Mrs White's. I'm not fond of LoLos either but I would GLADLY eat there before spending another dime at Mrs White's. The search for good soul food in Phoenix continues...
1	Sorry, I see some "rave" reviews but this place was not even up to "Dive" standard for me.  I had been by this place, read reviews, was so excited to try it and finally got a chance to go in and eat...so excited...and then, SO DISAPPOINTED! Went there during a Diamond Back's game, no one in there except one gentleman sitting at the barstool waiting for his order.  Got in there around 1:12 p.m., and we didn't get our food until 2:20. So wanted to leave but we felt uncomfortable leaving when we had already ordered, I had waited so long to try it and we were the only one's in there for the last half hour...awkward.  We could not believe it took over an hour to get our food, AGAIN, we were the only one's in there for over a half hour! We ordered the chicken and it came with two sides and a piece of cornbread. The cornbread was so dry my 9 year old niece almost choked trying to force done a small bite.  I didn't believe her so I tried, it was so dry I put it down without finishing; note to restaurant, YOU CANNOT microwave corn bread back to life!  I will say this, I did finish it only because I was waiting over an an hour for food...it became a "eat in hunger desperation" thing.  Once the food finally came, and AGAIN, still the only customers (that should have been my tipoff...UGH), it was not impressive.  The chicken was nothing special, nothing.  I make better at home.  The side of Mac n'Cheese was good and thank goodness something was good...not great, just good.  I had the green beans, again nothing worth remarking that another restaurant could not do.  I don't know if it was just because I was so hungry or whatever, I ate all my green beans and Mac.  Nothing spectacular, and nothing I will ever go back for.  Service was horrible, they were not even ashamed of the crap service, didn't even bother to give us another piece of dry-arsed corn bread and only checked on us once.  I went, I ate and was NOT impressed.  Go, judge for yourself.  Sadly, I know you will probably be disappointed.  You will have an appreciation for the expression "Meh."  They are over-priced and over hyped.  Glad I got it out of my system.  I could give them more than 1 star but that would be dishonest.
1	I can only give this 1 star and that's because the gentleman who checked us in and out was so kind. The food was awful, and our waitress was so nasty. I grew up on soul food and this doesn't come close to what i was raised on. I was so looking forward to a good home cooked meal, yuk, no flavor, such a disappointment, oh and if that's cornbread, then i don't know what to say.Oh and i forgot, they were out of dessert, how does that happen, not one dessert, that's one of the reasons we went. never again.
4	This place was off the hook with Flavor. Takes a while to get the fried chicken as they cook to order. Very rustic place, it is family owned.  The mixed greens were SOOO full of Flavor and the Black eyed peas were some of the best I've ever had. I left there totally stuffed. Nice portions. Many NFLers, MLBers, and musicians have signed the walls. Cool reading.
5	Seems they got their AC fixed. Nice and cool inside. Server was so nice and polite; chicken was as amazing as always.
2	Food took forever. Came out bland, and tasteless. Mac and cheese was mush. Yams were mush. Ordered smothered pork chops, received one pork, one beef. I didn't get sick from any cross contamination, but I didn't eat the beef chop. They were two completely different colors, but they insisted it was pork.$16 and all I ate was a pork chop, two bites of each side. None of the burnt cornbread.. and two glasses of koolaid.
2	I was very disappointed with the service as well as the food today. I have been a couple of times before and I have never had a complaint about the place. But today the service was pitiful. I am hoping that it was just an off day and not the way things are going to be in the future. I will give it one more chance just cause I have had such good food in the past.
4	Stopped in on a whim after a friend in my car said that she had been dying to try this place for the longest. We figured that we had a couple hours before we had to be anything to do, so we might as well stop in for a lunch.We walked into the old restaurant and the first thing I noticed were the walls; they had signatures of famous celebrities, artists, and athletes who had stopped by for food scrawled in every corner of the place. There were only two other patrons in the place at 2pm on a Wednesday, so service was snappy and quick. We were waited on by a couple waitresses who were pleasant and recommended us different dishes. I ended up getting the country fried steak and my friends both ordered the famous fried chicken. You get a couple sides with each order, and I figured I wouldn't forgive myself if I didn't give their sweet tea a try. No more than 10 minutes later, our food came out and the portions were HUGE. My friends got three gigantic pieces of chicken each, and my steak seemed bigger than my face. We have a ton of black eye peas and mac & cheese scooped onto each of our plates; even the sweet tea came in a bigger-than-normal glass!None of us came close to finishing our plates. The food was tasty and we were definitely happy that we stopped on by. The plates are a little expensive at $13, but the ridiculous portions more than make up for that. I would definitely come back again (next time, I'll have to try the catfish and okra gumbo).
5	The reviews were spot on. Great Fried Chicken. Nice friendly staff. The Sweet Potatoes were awesome as were the Black-eyed peas. I will be back
1	Don't understand the hype about this place. Went in today only to be disappointed.  Nothing spectacular.
4	If you want to eat fried chicken the way southern black people eat it at home with all the fixings this is where you need to go. Collard greens, black-eyed peas,  and Kool-Aid to wash it down. A calorie infusion that will put a smile on your face and cholesterol in your bloodstream. Food the way it used to be. Don't go for the atmosphere, go for the food.  I see some people don't appreciate it. Not only did we, but apparently it's still loved by many since LoLo's opened up. Same people.
4	When I close my eyes I imagine myself back in Alabama...eating my Grandmother's chicken fried steak.  The only thing missing are her homemade biscuits with churned butter!
5	This is by far best place for chicken and oxtails.  Great food and customer service. Better than lo Lo chicken and waffles
5	I really liked this place! The food was incredible. Chicken was hot and crispy and fresh...my son missed his drumsticks but he ate everything. Macaroni and cheese was creamy and sharp...cornbread fresh and hot out of the oven! The best cabbage EVER!!!! How can simple cabbage be soooo good? Greens were tasty and not over cooked. We didn't have room for dessert but I loved that it was free on Sundays! Service was polite and attentive. It's worth the wait if you love fried chicken. Lots of folks ordered pork chops too!
5	Yes they are family but Mrs White's is BETTER than LoLos!!! Bigger portions and less $$ not to mention less wait time and better parking. $13 gets you a 3 piece meal with two large sides and cornbread. Mac n cheese and greens are THE best sides. Drink water instead of Koolaid or Tea and save the sugar for dessert with her famous Peach Cobbler with a scoop of vanilla ice cream! Oh my I am salivating ;)
4	The food and atmosphere were perfect. We ordered standard southern comfort food and it was true to taste, not overly salty and sweet. It seems others have bad service but we were there during a weekend lunch rush and were seen in a timely fashion. It was fun reading the walls of all the famous people who had been there. My only complaint was that the bathroom wasn't air conditioned (it was July) so when I walked in, the stifling heat and "bathroom smell" hit me. Glad I'd already eaten! Will definitely go back when in the mood for collard greens and fried chicken.
3	Although I'm happy I checked this place out, I'll probably never be back. The atmosphere is fun and casual and I kept feeling like I was at a diner in Memphis. The server was extremely friendly (although she forgot to bring my husband's drink even after numerous reminders). The menu is very limited. Usually I can respect a place with a limited menu because they typically do the few things they offer very well. Not so here. We had a group of about 7 and all ordered different items. The only thing that unanimously received praise were the porkchops and sweet potatoes. The mac and cheese, corn bread, and chicken all needed seasoning.
