5	I just had the privilege of utilizing their services pre grand opening as they geared up towards their grand opening with a soft opening on Nov 1 and grand opening Nov 6. The people are friendly, the place is clean. Men don't let the logo fool you they offer all services to US as well. Did the whole body from the neck down to the toes. Okay I cannot say there wasn't any pain, all I can "Grin and Bare IT" I really like the feel of being bare and the personnel were great at making me feel comfortable. Carla was great! Tell them Alan sent you!
5	I've been getting waxed for years so the experience is nothing new to me.  I decided to try LunchBOX for the first time today after visiting the Scottsdale location during their Grand Opening celebration.  I booked an appointment online when I first woke up and was given several options to meet my service and schedule needs. The online booking was very easy to use.I arrived a few minutes early and was greeted upon entering by two smiling faces.  I was offered water and asked to fill out a quick form with general questions about skin care and medication.  When I was finished, one of the girls took my paperwork and immediately introduced herself to me as Bria, my "waxologist"...I thought that was pretty cute.  Bria led me to a room where she confirmed what services I would be receiving (a brazilian and lower leg wax), handed me a clean wipe for my unmentionables (I think this is genius for those of us who make this stop after running around all day!) and a small sheet to cover up with.  She left the room while I undressed and returned in a timely manner.The room is beautifully decorated-white and clean-and the music was nice.  Bria was really sweet-we laughed about how happy my hubby would be after my appointment as I had waited a little longer than usual between services.  I joked that he might even send her flowers!She chatted pleasantly, but also let me relax when I closed my eyes.  She also checked on me several times asking if the wax was a comfortable temperature or if I was in any pain.  Again, I am used to the feeling, but it was nice to know she cared.  Also, they use soft wax & strips which I am not used to for brazilians, but they also take smaller sections than usual which I think made it a little less painful.  The wax also smells really good!The entire experience-both services-took less than 45 minutes and she showed me the exfoliant I would need to avoid ingrown hairs (which I often get), but didn't make me feel like I HAD to buy it...but I did anyway-I know the value of a good product to prolong a good service!All in all it was a great experience and I will definitely be back.  I pre-booked for 4 weeks and got a confirmation text before I even left the parking lot...sweet!
5	I have been waxed at many places. This place is amazing!! The staff is friendly, it is super clean and it's a relaxing quick waxing experience. They so thorough! I will be back!!
5	Bria did an amazing job with my Brazilian!!! It hurt cus it always hurts, but a lot less than usual! And Bria was super fast without sacrificing quality, also easy to talk to and made me feel comfortable. One of the owners was in the reception area and talked to my mom while she waited for me; she was super nice too. I'll def see Bria again next time I'm in town visiting my mom.
5	Just had a bikini and eyebrow wax with Carla. She was great and SUPER fast (which is exactly how I like it). She was extremely through and did a really good job. Wish she was my local gal but we were just passing through on vacation.
5	I went to the LunchBOX for the first time today and had a fantastic experience. The salon is very clean and has music playing throughout which I enjoyed. Bria, my waxologist introduced herself and led me to my room and confirmed the services I was there for. She was very friendly, funny and chatty which helps make you feel comfortable and at ease. Bria explained everything she was doing at the time and discussed the products they use. The prices at The LunchBOX are reasonable, the salon is extremely clean and the staff is very friendly. My only complaint is I no longer live in Arizona and can only go when I come in to visit family/friends, which I definitely will! I cant wait to come back!
