5	Great place to maintain your pet's olympic form. Vets and techs are super-sweet, thorough, and will answer all of your questions. When I take our kitten there, I tell her she's going to the spa. When she comes back, I think she believed it!
5	I really like this vet clinic. I've tried a few others in the area and Blue Cross is by far the standout.  The facility looks very new to me and is impeccably clean.  It has separate entrances and waiting areas for cats and dogs to minimize the trauma, which is a nice touch.  I have found the vets here to be extremely responsive and kind.  And they put up with my maniac cat that just HATES going to the vet.  You've seen cartoons of the Tasmanian Devil, right?  That's my cat at any vet clinic.
5	For my first review this is going to be brief. Extremely brief. Wonderful veterinary clinic. Exceptionally helpful and kind staff. Clean facility. Can't say much more except......BRAVO!!! Well done!!! Excellent job!!!And one more....BRAVO!!!Now I'm off to look after my cat who still isn't out of the woods but is 100 times better than she was.
5	If you're looking for a vet you can trust, I'd definitely call Dr. Stacey Ryan. She's been taking care of my dog Mikki since I moved here a year ago. Dr. Ryan is caring, compassionate and very knowledgable. When Mikki was sick this past summer I brought her to see Dr. Ryan and a few days later Dr. Ryan called to follow up on how Mikki was feeling. If you take your pet to Blue Cross you'll be in good hands. The staff is really great too.
5	The doctor was right on their diagnosis and prescribed the correct treatment everytime I visited. Highly recomended.
5	After reading all the reviews for this clinic I really wanted to take my kitty there, but I also called "Alta Vista" and " Dog/Cat/Bird Hospital" and was pleasantly surprised to find out that apart from being rated the best "Blue Cross" had the most reasonable prices. I called on Monday and they were booked but after I told them what was going on with my kitty and that we needed to see the doctor as soon as possible, they said they might be able to "squeeze" us in some time that day and that it would cost extra $20. I also requested Dr. Ryan if it was possible at all. So, our appointment was scheduled for 4 p.m. but since I don't drive I had to ask one of my friends to take me there, and one of them could do it but she could do it at 2 p.m. which means I would have to wait there.. It worked out well: somebody cancelled their appointment and they were able to take us in at 3 p.m. and we didn't have to pay extra. To cut a long story short, I completely agree with all the previous reviews for this clinic. Dr. Ryan is the best doctor one can wish for! Unfortunately she wasn't able to save my kitty because it turned out she had cancer and was suffering, so I had to let her go, but Dr. Ryan was there to support my decision... I just told her I didn't want my little girl to suffer, and if she couldn't have good quality life anymore it was time to let her go. She didn't try to run more tests than we needed, I could feel it wasn't about money but about my pet. She was very gentle and considerate with her. I absolutley trust Dr. Ryan and would HIGHLY recommend her and the clinic to anyone. Brandie - the girl on the reception, was also really nice and helpful in trying to get that appointment for us the same day. I don't have anything negative to say about this place and if I have another pet I will definitely be going there for our checkups and etc. They are open Mon.-Fr.: 7a.m.-6p.m., Saturday:8 a.m. - 12 p.m. Office visit and exam - $42; chest x-ray (2 views) - $125
5	I have been taking my almost 3 year old Shih-Tzu Godiva there since she was 6 weeks old. I originally went there because of friends that used them for their pets, but have stayed because of the stellar service. They are always courteous, prompt and accommodating.  I cannot say enough great things about the doctors and technicians who run Blue Cross Veterinary. I am one of those crazy dog owners who pampers my baby better than most children and the staff really caters to that. They explain procedures, give check-up calls and make sure that both owner and pet are happy and healthy when you leave.
5	I live in Gilbert and drive to Scottsdale for Dr. Dutton, that says a lot. She understands people who have financial situations and does not push unnecessary treatments and provides other options. One quick story to show why I love her so much: My female rottie came down with a rare blood disorder. When I brought her in during the day because of her 1st symptoms all the needed tests were run and we had to wait for the results. I brought my dog home and later that night her nose started bleeding. Around 7pm I called their office, totally expecting them to be gone for the night and for me to be transferred to the ER Clinic, but one of the other vets answered. I explained I had seen Dr. Dutton earlier that day and what was going on. She told me she would try to get ahold of Dr. Dutton, 10 minutes later Dr. Dutton called me from her home. She told me to bring my dog and she would meet me at her office. I have never heard of a vet willing to come back into the office, or even calling you from their home! I highly recommend her and know several friends who also use her! I have also taken my dogs in and they were seen by the other vets on staff when Dr. Dutton wasn't available, they have all been great.
2	So disappointed. All the reviews here are great, and this is so close to my home that I was excited to bring my kitten in to set up a health relationship with these veterinarians. But in the past two weeks my cat has had two different non-emergency but still urgent care situations come up and BCVC totally dropped the ball.  Please note that the 2 star score is because the doctors themselves are pretty nice. If you can get to them. Last week it was diarrhea, which could mean a myriad of larger problems. I called after business hours and left a message for the on call vet, Dr. Dutton on the 'non-emergency' line. I just wanted to find out if there were symptoms to be looking for. The Dr. never returned my call. The next morning and a totally unconcerned receptionist told me there were no same day appointments, 1 appointment the next day in mid-afternoon (when I'm at work) and a few the 2nd day in the morning.The 2nd day appt was made and I went in to see Dr. Brandt who was fairly prompt and examed Josie, gave her a 72 hour vitamin med to help her bowels and sent us off. Last night I got home to a cat with one eye almost completely shut and weeping, with green mucus, a very red third eyelid. Scary. I knew I had to wait until 7AM to call, because BCVC doesn't take messages, and clearly the on call vets don't give a shit, so I got up this morning and just brought her in at 7, hoping they could spare a minute to look at my cat's freaky eye problem. There was no one else in the waiting room (of course) when I arrived, yet the receptionist told me there were no appointments available until 4PM (again when I'm working) and had no interest in letting me see someone now. I asked if they had affiliate clinic recommendations, or a nearby rec at least, and she said no. She did offer to let me leave my cat ALL day in a cage at the clinic so she would be there for the 4PM appointment, but well, my cat can't explain her symptoms to the doctor now can she?Finally I squeezed the name of an emergency clinic on 40th and Cactus out of her and took off for there. Look I'm sorry my cat can't get sick on your schedule Blue Cross Veterinary Clinic, but maybe for your next customer (since I won't be returning) you could offer a bit of compassion for an animal in distress.
5	I'm a huge fan of BCVC. Not only is the location extremely convenient for me but the facility is well maintained and very inviting. Dr. Ryan is one of the sweetest and most caring Veterinarians I have every met. She takes the time to listen to what you have to say and when it comes to treatment for illness or ailments she actually gives you options as apposed to giving you a list of treatments, pill, x-rays etc., that your pet "must have". Pets can be very expensive so it's nice to know that there are Vet's out there that will give you honest and realistic treatment options. Even though I am moving all the way across town, I will still come to see Dr. Ryan at BCVC...She's awesome!
5	I have been  using Blue Cross Animal Hospital for more than 30 years.  You will not find a better facility in the Phoenix area.  The staff is informed and caring and the doctors can't be beat!  If there were 10 stars available they would get them from me!
5	I have decided that I need to be writing more reviews since I base so many of my experiences on what other Yelpers have to say yet I have never sat down to write a review myself. This Vet is going to change that.I could easily go on and on about how amazing this place is, but it would inevitably repeat what many others have said so I'll try to make it short...ish.After being TERRIBLY dissatisfied with The Scottsdale Veterinary Clinic I seeked the guidance of Yelpers to help me find a new Vet for my dog Slapshot who was having a mixture of issues with arthritis and stomach problems. After reading so many good reviews of BCVC and comparing them to various great reviews for other places, my gut instinct (and the feeling that BCVC treats 1st time visitors with love and care; many other places have good reviews from folks going there for 20 years. That doesn't help me determine how they are with 1st time visitors) led me to give them a try. BOY am I glad I did!! I called one morning and they were able to get me in that afternoon with Dr. Ryan. She is a GODSEND when compared to the many vets I have visited in the past. She is kind, honest, INCREDIBLY caring, and she understands folks being in financial distress. I dont make much money, so when it's time to go to the vet, I get that queezy, I'm-about-to-spend-$400 feeling in my stomach. Not anymore. After thoroughly checking out Slap's symptoms and actually LISTENING to what I had to say, Dr. Ryan printed out a quote and went through each and every option with me. We decided what was best to do now and what could wait. The quote was for over $400 and I left, HAPPILY spending $179 (X-Rays & Exam), despite the potential that Slapshot may have a life-threatening tumor. She was so thorough and caring that she wanted me to give her a call the next week to bring Slap by so she could feel the tumor and see if it was growing or shrinking, free of cost and appointment. All I had to do was call to make sure she was there and I could stop by.Turns out, Slap was having some issues with the aspirin we started giving him for his arthritis and after 2 weeks, he was acting kinda strange. We called and talked to Dr. Ryan and she wanted to set up a formal appointment to make sure she had the time to do a thorough exam. After an in-depth exam, we have noticed a decrease in the tumor size and believe the intestinal problems were due to the aspirin. She prescribed 2 pills to help clear out his GI Tract as well as Tramadal for his arthritis as it will not have the harmful side effects of aspirin. (Despite prescribing 3 medications, she is very fond of providing over-the-counter and "natural" forms of relief. Foods you can feed, etc. in hopes of avoiding unnecessary medications, so those who feel like they are always bombarded by " your dog NEEDS to take THESE pills" will feel great comfort with Dr. Ryan)When we were paying at the counter (which, I forgot to mentioned is staffed with awesome, caring, genuine people who you cant help but smile around and feel like even THEY care passionately about your animal) we were given the total of $42 for the 3 different pills and told that the visit fee had been waved by Dr. Ryan bc she wanted us to come in formally vs just stopping by for a quick check. How can you not LOVE THAT!?!?Ok, I lied, this isn't a short review, but I just had to tell my story and this is only the surface of it. Long story short. I have NEVER been so happy with ANY Dr experience in my life. And quite honestly, if I go there and face $400 of work to make Slap better, I wont question her judgement one bit bc I KNOW she only has OUR (myself, Slapshot, and MY wallet) BEST interest at heart. She knows how much money things are and if she tells me that I NEED to pay for it, I will. I have yet to walk out that door with ANY REGRET.I can't speak for any of the other Dr's (although everyone who comes in for care seems to leave the same way I do), but trust me when I say that Dr. Ryan is AWESOME and if you are looking to find a new vet, you should ABSOLUTELY give her a shot!! And the place is clean and bright and the staff is AWESOME and they offer treats and kisses (for the dogs) as you pay your not-as-high-as-every-other-vet-bill. Not sure of the general exam cost but I want to say it is $45 compared to the +/- $65 that I was charged at Scottsdale Vet Clinic (and a few others that I had called in the past). That alone is worth giving them a visit. Dr. Ryan and staff will do the rest of the convincing themselves!!10 STARS and 4 PAWS UP!!!  Thank You Dr. Ryan & Blue Cross Staff, I have my vet for life!! - Dustin F. and Slapshot...F.
5	This place is AMAZING. The staff was courteous and kind. The separate waiting rooms for dogs and cats is so genius. Makes everything easier.  My cat Calvin had his teeth cleaned there. And my poor old cat named Spot was put down there. On both occasions they were informative of my options and were genuine in their empathy for my decisions. Calvin's surgery went awesome  he ended up having 9 extractions. I know it added years to his life. It was an expensive day at the vet that day but was still reasonable and not overly inflated.Putting Spot down I thought I wouldn't be able to do it. They made me and her so comfortable. I didn't even cry till it was all over, I didn't want to upset her. As far as euthanasia I cannot imagine it going smoother.I have since moved to Tempe. I will still return time and again to BCVC. I need to make Darby an appt for a dental cleaning right now as a matter of fact.
5	I had been going to this vet for almost 10 years, up until my cat passed away recently. Dr. Ryan, being my primary vet, is extremely considerate, caring, and listens to your concerns and descriptions of your pets' ailments. She offers several treatment options and lets you know the associated costs of each, and what each treatment may or may not do for your pet. She also offers non-medicine treatment options for things you can do for your pet without vet or medicinal intervention. With Dr. Ryan, I had a couple vet fees waived because she generously and kindly considered them "follow up" visits instead of new visits.When it was time to put my cat to sleep, I had to make an "Emergency Room" style visit, where I was not on their schedule, but could wait and one of the vets would squeeze me in when there was time. I was informed I might have to wait a long time, but I waited less than 30 minutes. And Dr. Ryan made a point to be my attending vet because she knew of my cat's decline and situation. While emotionally traumatic for me, Dr. Ryan was extremely sympathetic and professional and helped me make the difficult decision to put my cat to sleep. She and the staff were very respectful during this time which really helped me.While Dr. Ryan was my primary vet, I did have experience also with Dr. Bennett. Both are great. Having the cat and dog areas separate is also great. Because this vet clinic is so popular, you should try to make appointments a week in advance if you want to see a specific vet. But if you don't care which vet you get, you can usually get in within a few days, and sometimes even next day.
5	Our poor dog, Duke, started forming a huge lump on his side in February. We started by taking him to Banfield- don't go there! The vet there told us that his condition was a "medical mystery". Great, thanks. We took him to a different Banfield clinic, which didn't give us any better answers.Finally, I decided to look on Yelp for reviews of vets and find the best one. I read Dustin F's review of Dr. Ryan and decided to try her. That turned out to be a great decision. Dr. Ryan was able to quickly diagnose him (bone cancer :-( ...) and give us some medicine to take away his pain. She also consulted with other vets and a cancer specialist, to be sure she was correct.Our dog lived much longer than he was predicted to. He had to be put to sleep at the end of July. Dr. Ryan was always there for us, though. We called her every day the last week of his life. She always worked to fit us in to her busy schedule (she is popular!) and made sure we understood everything about Duke's condition. The last night he was with us, we paged Dr. Ryan and she called us back within an hour on her day off! She truly is an excellent vet and cares so much about the animals she treats.
4	Just a well run facility. The Vets on staff are always been young, attentive, sensitive and caring to both of the dogs that I have taken here.Wait times have never been long, and the front desk staff has always been sharp and "on it".
5	What a relief. You know that feeling when you finally need a really important but common service, you don't have even a slight clue as to where to go, the options are overwhelming, and you really can't afford a "trial and error" that results in error? Tailors and dentists come to mind. Veterinarians also fall into this category for me.My hound developed a large mass on her hind leg and from the first phone call to Blue Cross, I had a very reassuring feeling that she'd be in the right hands. Our first visit was a slam dunk - my hound warmed right up to Dr. Ryan who walked us thru our options in a very knowledgeable and comforting way. Three days later, we dropped her off, had it removed, and we are on our way to recovery. Though the lump saga is far from over, I'm confident this is the best place to be dealing with it. The staff is friendly to both of us (owners need just as much TLC as pets in these situations), and the location is convenient. We'll be patrons/patients for a long time.
1	I really really wanted to love this place.  It comes highly recommended by so many people here on yelp plus it is located in a great spot.   I liked Dr Ryan right away on our first visit.  I was hesitant about her because she is so young but she won me over by the end of our visit.  I decided the 30 minute wait must have been just an emergency issue and chalked it off.  Today was my second visit when I brought our other dog in for his shots.I had requested Dr Ryan because she had been so good the first time.  When I had to change our appointment a week out I decided to wait a few days longer just so we could get her.  Well, again I was tapping my toes in the exam room.  This time for almost an hour.  I finally told them I had to leave and the staff offered me Dr Dutton who came in right away and gave  the shots.  Most places, would give you a break on the visit fee or write it off after making you wait almost an hour.  Not them.  Full price.  The fact that people work hard to get to their appointments on time seems to escape some establishments.  Blue Cross is apparently one of them.  Only one person stuck their head in to say she was running late.  Other than that I could have been running a prostitution ring out of that room and no one would have noticed.Sorry Blue Cross...burn me once shame on you...burn me twice and shame on me.  I won't be returning.  You have nice vets but there are lots of good vets in the valley that will actually value my time and business.
5	I was referred to Blue Cross by a friend who absolutely loved Dr Peter. Over the years, I took 4 of my dogs there for care and was always happy with the care they received. They were very compassionate and never tried to up-sell me on anything unnecessary. When I had an emergency with one of my dogs that ended very sadly, the doctors went above and beyond when I decided to take my sick dog home that night and Dr Brandt graciously came in extra early (before the clinic opened) to meet us when we realized we'd have to have our dog put to sleep. I'll never forget it. I understand sometimes there is a wait and I was not a fan when they decided to charge an 'emergency' fee for unscheduled visits, but I'm sure there was a reason behind instituting this policy. I've referred several friends & colleagues to BCVC and continue to do so.
5	Dr. Bennett is the best vet that I have found anywhere.  My dogs are my children and last Fall my 13 year old pug was diagnosed with terminal cancer.  Dr.  Bennett was kind and compassionate, yet honest with the prognosis and quality of life ahead.  After going to a cancer specialist that she recommended I made the difficult decision to let my little man go with as little pain and as much dignity as possible.  3 months later I adopted another male pug, so that my female pug would have another companion.  Dr. Bennett has been fabulous with both.  She will personally call me to answer any questions/concerns I may have and my pugs adore her.  Anyone looking for a vet who will love and care for their four legged children should schedule an appt with Dr. Bennett.  BTW, she has 2 pugs of her own, so pug owners looking for someone who understands the unique issues with pugs, here she is!
5	I've been using BCVC for 10 yrs.  The reviews here are overwhelmingly positive but I feel the need to respond to the couple of folks who complained about having to wait and about not being able to be seen right away.  First - from lots of experience with this clinic I can assure you long waits are unusual and related to unexpected urgencies in someones pet.  Second - the complaints I read about not being seen right away sounded like the writers are expecting emergency service at this clinic.  It's not an emergency clinic.  They don't pretend to be an emergency clinic.   Expectations need to be realistic -  someone complained that they had a new kitten with a runny eye so they just showed up and asked to be seen.  They are always booked solid but even though this person just showed up unscheduled at a non-emergency clinic, they offerred to let the person leave the kitty so they could work it in but this person decided to complain about that too. Ridiculous. Dr. Bennet is my primary vet and I have complete trust in her but my pets have seen every doctor there at some point because they do make room and offer other vets when they need to do so.  My pets and I have recieved nothing by high quality service and excellent care.  In fact, this clinic and it's doctors have gone out of the way on a couple of occassions in order to make room at a moments notice when trying to turn an ailing cat's health around, and to follow up with me, off hours on a Sunday, after another kitty had to have surgery.  Excellent care, excellent service.  Don't treat them like an emergency room and you won't be dissappointed.
5	Had a great experience with BCVC today. My dog was sick so they were able to find a spot for her right away. Short wait and very friendly and knowledgeable staff! Highly recommend to any pet owner!
5	I had been going to Blue Cross since I adopted my wonderful soulmate, Amelia, in 2003. Blue Cross was her clinic when she was with AZ Rescue, so I figure, why change?!  Amelia was an indoor cat, so she only saw the vet through the years when updated vaccinations were necessary.  Dr Ryan was her primary vet, but she has seen other doctors at the clinic without any issues. Regarding the waiting at Blue Cross, it has never been an issue for me. I love this place!  Now more than ever!We also adopted another cat 2 years ago, that also attends Blue Cross. We drive from North Phoenix down to 36th St and Indian School for the amazing service of Blue Cross and Dr Ryan. Simply AMAZING!Over 6 months ago, my beautiful Amelia developed a mammory tumor. I was devasted. Dr Ryan was so thorough and understanding. We all decided that surgery was best and proceeded to remove the tumor.  Amelia was in excellent health and worries were not necessary.......until.........during her recovery a couple weeks later, she develped CRF (chronic renal failure). Again, beyond devastated!Amelia was hospitalized for a week at Blue Cross. I was able to visit her everyday and Dr Ryan ALWAYS kept me up to date on what was happening. Even when I would call multiple times a day, not one staff member was annoyed with me.  Everyone was EXCELLENT!  Amelia was the resident sick kitty at the time and they all participated in her recovery. We almost lost her right then and there, but she bounced back with decent blood results and was able to go home.She was on constant fluids (everyday), medication and visited Dr Ryan often for the past 6 months. In the end, she weighed only 4 lbs, but fought the most incredible fight. Dr Ryan did EVERYTHING possible for Amelia. However, Amelia lost her fight on 10/2/12 and I have never been so heartbroken.  Dr Ryan and her staff have been INCREDIBLE. She guided me though the "putting to sleep" process and continually explained everything to me through my sobs.  She even cried herself.Dr Ryan, I dont know if you read these, but I couldnt have made it through the past 6 months without you.  I appreciate you more than words can ever explain.Thank you!  You are my vet for life! I will see you soon!
4	I've had cats and dogs treated here and have always found the staff to be caring and professional.  Dr. Ryan, in particular, is a kind, warm person whose love for animals is obvious.  I would recommend her to anyone.The only thing keeping me from giving 5 stars is that, on one occasion I watched the front desk receptionist make a woman feel guilty because she opted against a recommended treatment due to the cost.  I'm sure the pet owner didn't feel great about the fact she couldn't afford the care - there was no need to make her feel worse.  I've heard this is done at many vets, sadly.
5	AWESOME VET!  Dr. Peter has cared for our dogs for 12+ years.  He has taken A+ care of our 3 dog's medical needs: every visit; every need, emergency, and general care.  When we lost one of our dear tail waggin' dogs to a coyote, he cleaned him up for burial.  Not too much later we received a precious footprint in clay of our dog.  It was so thoughtful!  All this office does is with utmost care and compassion.  I highly recommend Blue Cross Veterinary Clinic!  (I never write reviews, but this one is way overdue!)
5	This is a great place for my "kids." Dr. Dutton is very knowledgeable and really spends quality time with both me and my dogs. I never feel like she's trying to pressure me into services or get things that aren't necessary. She also opts for holistic remedies first for certain things. My dog has terrible chronic allergies and she talked to me about diet, seasonal allergies, baths, and exhausted every other possibility before we decided that medication was the way to go. I feel like my dogs are in good hands with Dr. Dutton and I love that she's realistic about what people can afford for veterinary care--she's never made me feel bad or guilty if I opt not to do something due to cost.
5	Boyfriend and I had a great experience here. My co-worker recommended these guys and the Yelp reviews confirmed it was a good decision. Poor Milly Mutt had a rash on her belly and was acting weird and not as spunky as normal. We found out she had an allergic reaction to something and had a parasite. They gave her a shot on spot and gave us the results of the poo test a day later saying they already had her prescription ready for us. Everyone there loved Milly, as I am sure they love every animal that walks through the doors. Boyfriend met with the doctor and said he was nice and great with the pups.When I called to make the appointment, the woman I spoke with was so kind and excited to meet Milly and you could tell she was an all around animal person which made me happy.I plan on taking our two cats here to get shots and get their chips updated and taking Milly Mutt back here for a chip and any checkups/emergencies. Its great to finally have a relationship with a vet in the area.
5	Five years ago, my husband and I moved to Phoenix. We needed to find a new vet for our cats, and did not know a soul. So, I turned to the internet and chose one based on Yelp reviews. That's how I ended up at Blue Cross Veterinary Clinic.  Blue Cross is about twenty minutes from my house, without traffic (I live in Laveen). Sure, there more than a few vets between my house and Blue Cross, but I have never felt like looking for a new vets. That is really saying a lot, because we have three cats. Cats do not like car rides, especially long ones!! Still, I love the care my babies get from all the doctors and staff there. I have nothing but an awesome experience with ever doctor there, but Dr. Mulla is my favorite. Like I already mentioned, all the doctors there are great and caring, but something about Dr. Mulla really puts me at ease. I adore my fur babies and would not want to take them anywhere else.
2	We have been using Blue Cross since we moved to the Valley nearly 15 years ago.  We had always thought they were great.... until recently.  We had a cat who had been their patient since we moved here.  We had been in several times with him over the preceding month or so because he was old and showing his age.  The day I called them and really needed them, though, I asked if they could see him that day because our guy had stopped moving around very much, and stopped eating and drinking.  I told them this over the phone, only to be told they could 'fit me in' next Thursday (more than a week after I was calling).  I'd been bumped and forced to wait for myriad emergencies of others; I figured this was the time we would be the emergency.I understand that the vets have lives.  But I seriously expected someplace I'd been going to (and spent lots of money with over the years) to be a LOT more accommodating when a pet is in need of end of life services, especially one who has been a patient for so long.  The doctors have always been great.  Unfortunately, the quality of the staff has been going downhill in recent years.  This latest experience has caused us to finally decide to find another vet.
5	I would choose this clinic for my own medical needs if I could, but my health plan does not currently allow me to see a vet.Dr. Ryan is the  most professional and caring veterinarian in the business!I would highly recommend Blue Cross Veterinary Clinic!!
1	To update my major disappointment in the staff.. so about three or so months after our kitty passed, we got a reminder post card for him that it was time for shots. I called and explained that he had died. Now I've just gotten ANOTHER  reminder card, 5 or 6 months later.  Thank you, pathetic staff, for not  having either the brains or the common sense to ensure I don't get these little cards to remind me about losing my pet.  I would give them a zero if I could.
