1	Every single time they screw up my order. This is my first one star review and it sucks that I am giving it to The Bell(one of my VERY guilty pleasures) There are only 5 components on a taco supreme (6 if you count the shell) yet they consistently forget one. I have yet to go to this location and have my order 100% correct. There is always something wrong the last time I got someone Else's order entirely which was cool because it was 3 times what I ordered. By the time I got home with some other poor schmucks food I was starving there was no way I was going back. I called to speak to a manager they put me on hold for about 6 minutes, that day 6 min was my limit for waiting on the line. I would imagine listing their failings and my discontent would only fall on the deaf ears of an overworked underpaid manager. Please keep in mind I am only reviewing this store and not The Bell as a whole.
3	OK.. I go to this one occasionally. There is a Taco Bell @ Decatur and I believe it is Pyle, but I couldn't find it here on yelp.com. Both places have good customer service, but the one at Decatur and Pyle is way better. Everytime I go there, there is this one employee who knows me and my family. He always makes sure that our order is completely filled because when he is not there, the other employees always mess up our order whether going in or thru the drive through. Almost as bad as the McDonald's down the road. We had Taco Bell for dinner last night. They now have the $2.00 meal deals. For the first time, I was able to walk out the door with a meal of less than $20.00 (matter of fact it was 7 meals of a gordita supreme, small bag of chips, and a medium drink with two soft tacos). You can't beat that. Thanks to the dude that always makes sure that we are completely happy.
4	Can't go wrong w/ T-Bell.
4	I love Taco Smell.This one is brand new and very pretty.Don't listen to the HATERSTaco bell is TACO BELL...It doesn't TRY to be GOURMET so I ALWAYS get what I expect @ TB
1	First off I have to start by saying, I LOVE TACO BELL.  I have grown up eating it and go there often.  I went to this particular Taco Bell the other day after shopping at Kohl's.  This was my third time to this location, and once again I was not impressed.  This is the third time in a row that they have messed up my order.  This was the worst.I am vegetarian, so I typically order my Mexican pizza with rice instead of beef.  I do not have problems at any other location, so I figured I would order it on this visit.  Was charged an extra .60 for the "rice", got my stuff, and headed home.  I was starving by this point due to working all day.  I ate my pintos and beans, and proceeded to dig in to my pizza.  I ate one of the little triangles, and realized that something didn't taste right.  I looked closer only to discover there was rice ON TOP OF the beef!! I almost threw up my dinner on the spot!Fuming, I immediately grabbed my receipt and called the store.  I asked the lady on the phone (who doesn't speak English) for the manager.  After trying to explain three times who I was asking for, she put me on hold.  Around five minutes later, a lady got on the phone.  She didn't speak English either, and had nothing to say after I explained my situation.  I told her she needs to talk with her employees about paying attention to order's because some of us don't eat meat.  I also got into the disgusting details about what happens when we do eat it.Needless to say, nothing was done, and I'm sure my complaint fell on deaf ears, but I at lest got to voice my concerns.  I will not be returning to this location no matter how hungry I am.
1	I ordered 7 items and only received 5. FAIL! Now one of my kids has to go hungry tonight. Thanks Taco Bell.
1	Found an insect in my Chalupa. Don't eat here unless you're training for fear factor.
4	I have been to this Taco Bell a few times since moving out to the southwest side of town. I L-O-V-E me some Taco Bell. I love that they are open late for when I get off work, the guy that works the overnight shift is pretty funny. I ordered a Mexican pizza meal last night and he asked if I would be upset that they did not have any? I told him no it was fine, I love everything on the menu. He said your supposed to get anger and yell "oh I am so mad, gurrr" "ok I am so mad(with a smile)" he said no we have them. I think the overnight shift needs to have some fun, it's a boring shift. Way to make it fun taco man!
1	The worst waiting time I have ever experienced. Slower then anywhere I have eaten I would NOT RECOMMEND coming to this place if you want a drive through meal. I waited 22 minutes with 2 cars in front if me for 2 burritos. So not worth the wait !!!!!!
