4	This Firehouse has just opened, but it's just like others I have visited. Clean, welcoming and decorated with fireman type stuff - firehats and axes and even a giant mural depicting the nearby firehouse.Lots and lots of seating here so there is plenty of room for you to have a table and then a buffer zone so that you don't have to be eating near anyone else. Because people have cooties, donchaknow?Walking in the door, I had planned to have something nice and normal. Meat and cheese on some sort of hoagie roll. But dangit, their Carolina Pork BBQ sandwich on the menu board practically shouted out at me. So that's what I had. A messy pile of pulled pork BBQ and cole slaw. Delish. With a bag of chips.This Firehouse has the Coke Freestyle machine, which I find to be useful even if I still have a boring enough drink. Hey, I happen to *like* Seltzer. You got a problem with that?
5	Love this place.  Staff is great, restaurant is always kept clean, and the subs are definitely a cut above their competition....a few dollars more but worth it.  Having the new Coke beverage machine is an added benefit, have come here a few times justfor that.  After 10 or so trips here haven't had a complaint yet.
1	I usually like fire house subs this place is FILTHY..... We did get food here but did not sit and eat here there were 4 people working and it was dead ... There was one guy actually working doing everything he was nice , but he was doing it all .... The tables were all dirty and there was no one in there, trash all over the floor I believe this store is only about 2 months old .
5	This place is great for fresh tasty subs. Well run and friendly staff, great value. I like this place much better than Subway. A little hard to find the first time, but worth it.
5	Firehouse isnt my 1st choice for subs. All the other locations the subs just have this bland taste and usually made sloppy. First bite into this sub (firehouse hero) and i looked around to make sure i was actually at firehouse subs. Hands down best sub and location from firehouse! My hats off to the day crew that made it! Thank you for this perfectly made delicious sub! Now some might argue it doesnt take all that much to make a sub, but it sure takes pride and this store has it!  Ive been in the deli business and know a thing or two about making it right. Thank you again you made my day!
2	Hehehe. Walked in... Not a word. Two dudes behind the counter just kept talking to each other.  Walked out.... To Subway across the street!  Good luck.
