4	I'm a fairly flexible eater, so I'll eat almost anything. So it was fun and interesting to see some of the things that we ordered were completely new to me. But, most importantly I thought it was all very tasty. There was hardly any food left at the end of the meal, so it must have been received well by all. I'd definitely like to go back for more, although it's still in the middle of nowhere. Good Chinese restaurant option if you live in Brossard though.
4	This is a family eatery that serves up savory and authentic Chinese food. As someone spoilt by the rich offerings of Chinese dishes in  Asia, I came away highly satisfied today. In fact, you can probably guess from the almost exclusively Chinese / Asian diners that Papa Jackies hit the spot. There is an extensive menu that runs to several pages. We tried the more standard fare such as orange beef, dry noodles and porridge - all delicious!  In addition, there are some dishes with unique names that we've yet to try. We will be back!The place is new and clean, and the food are reasonably priced. Service is fast. Waitresses are knowledgable about the menu and help to make recommendations. (However typical of such eateries, one does not normally expect the waitresses to make enquiries to diners about whether everything was ok etc.)
5	Just got back from my first visit and, after hearing from all my Chinese friends about how good it was, it did not disappoint. We were 7 people and shared an assortment of dishes: beef soup, whole chicken, sauteed beef with mushroom, whole lobster, whole fish in sweet and sour sauce, seafood on crispy noodles, large fresh scallop with garlic and ginger, and sweet tofu at the end. Everything was delicious and well presented. The service was very good and the restaurant itself is pretty clean and organized. Definitely the best Chinese restaurant in the Montreal area.
3	Food is pretty good. Very unique flavor and dishes. The special dishes are kind of small and pricy.  But some is worth it.But the restaurant is small. Always rush you out. Somewhat impolite waiters. I understand they are busy. But don't mock customer when they ask for water or something.  This place need to work on their management and attitude. Just because you're famous doesn't mean you have to lower the service standard. Overall. A place to try. Probably won't be going back for a long time.
