2	It's getting harder and harder to support this hockey team. For the last three years, I have heard all the song and dance about mixing the young stars with some veteran leadership, and they fall short of making the playoffs, or even making it an interesting season! They seem to fall flat on their collective faces when it's time for a playoff run in the last 3/4 of the season. While its nice to think they are actually going to go somewhere one day, now we have to assume they will suck year after year, and it "just nice to have a hockey team in the Valley."  That, and you eventually form the opinion that you are going to see "real" teams play because you are going to see the other teams in the league, and not the home club.
4	As a visitor to Phoenix, it's hard to give a grade to a franchise in terms of long-term player moves, front office, etc. But in terms of an enjoyable viewing experience, they've done a good job.Hockey is such an underrated spectator sport. It's face paced, plenty of intermissions and is held in smaller venues than football so that it has a more intimate feel (even in the nosebleed seats). I caught a game versus the New Jersey Devils and thought they did it pretty much right: from promotions in the hallways to on ice entertainment. The game had a little bit of a minor league baseball game feel with the wacky stunts: from a tricycle race on the ice to a wet t-shirt contest (it's not what you think: they actually froze the t-shirts in ice and crumpled them up. The contest was to see who could uncrinkle the shirt quickest and put it on.).Setting aside performance (and right now the Coyotes are well on their way to the playoffs), the Club seems to be doing a good job in the fan entertainment department.
1	Avoid this rink at all costs. The Phoenix Coyotes have a reputation for not putting cheeks in the seats, which isn't a big shocker if you follow hockey at all. However, when they do get a crowd, it's typically filled with whiny fans that boo icing and offside calls. Oh, and if you go rooting for the other team? These courteous fans will goat you into their form of trash talking which is far from the friendly banter most of us are use to at other venues across the NHL. They tell you to go back to your city the entire game, use homophobic slurs, and make up lies to security guards. They even expect and ask you to sit down when you stand up to cheer your team for scoring a goal. This was all coming from a bitter old man and his wife who are season ticket holders. Section 115 Row X to be exact. He told security that we were the ones saying all of these terrible things, when really it was him. So for the entire third period and until we left the building, two of Glendale's most finest were watching our every move. It was borderline harassment. They went out of their way to make me and my friends feel unwelcome.  So what happened when I brought this up to Nick Myers who is a manager in the ticket department? He apologized that his season ticket holders acted that way and said he'd forward my email to security. Which I'm still waiting to hear back from a couple days later. I don't recommend going to this venue for true hockey fans. Your time would be better spent watching a Columbus Blue Jackets game on the NHL Center Ice Package on a 12 inch black and white television.
