4	3.75 breakfast special!  The sweet tea is the bomb.  Pretty waitresses? NO!  Good eggs and bacon? YES!
4	Pressley Park Restaurant: A Charlotte West-side Institution, has perhaps the best Breakfast deals in the city.The food is much better than any chain could hope for,and the service is great, its like eating at your moms house.
4	Very good old school country food.  Prices are perfect and the staff is very friendly.
5	Home cook food with love. Hard to spot if your not paying attention but its a pot of gold if you do. Trust me you will never be let down.
4	The breakfast we get delivered & it's the BOMB!!!!! I wasn't as impressed with their lunch, but it was filling & they deliver which is fantastic!!!!! We order so much that they put in extras which I thought was really nice.  The people are fantastic to work with.  They go the extra mile!  Thank you Lord for PPR!!!!!!!  BTW the sausage & cheese omlet is even better than the one I make & love!!!
2	I've been going to Pressley Park since forever and it's always been a dependable "meat+three" place to go. Last week I was in the area and stopped in for lunch. I happened to be in a hamburger mode so I ordered the double cheeseburger. I will have to say that cheeseburger was one of the worst cheeseburgers I've had. Two pieces of identical slabs of hamburger that looked like they had just gone from the freezer to the bun, bypassing the flattop altogether. Cheese squares then flopped on and hardly melted. All on a sort of dry bun. It just wasn't what I was expecting or what should have been served.Yes, I'll go back some day but will probably stick with the veggie plate.
3	People in my office have been coming here for ever and I finally came with them.  It was Chicken and Dumplings day.  While the plate wasn't esthetically pleasing it was delicious!  The food is good, home cooking, southern food.  The staff is friendly and extremely welcoming.  I noticed that some of the wait staff took interest in their regulars lives, and I think that's sweet. Overall a good experience.
1	Coworkers said there's a cheap place for lunch, home cooking, and free dessert. Sounded good, so here I went tagging along. It is in the middle of a business/industrial park area. Signs advertising $2.99 breakfast & $4.99 lunch special... I figured how in the world I never heard of this place. It is a small free standing building, the inside looks just like any Greek-owned diner. Sat down and I found most lunch specials are $7.25-7.95. They have special of the day which was $5.99 BBQ plate with fries and slaw. Or $4.99 fried catfish sandwich. All of the sudden it doesn't look so bargain anymore. I went with country fried steak ($7.95) that came with 2 sides. I just wasn't feeling fried catfish or BBQ. I should have made myself feel like them however, because my dish was plain scary looking. I don't think any real gravy can be that white and thick. It wasn't even a hint of flavor besides an odd sourness to it. I wasn't expecting alot, i even expected processed steak, but I am shivering just to think I actually ate that. I am impressed by my courage and strong stomach. The entire dish was just... bad, rice was barely warm. I didn't want to make a big deal since I was with my coworkers and we needed to get back to work. My sides were a lot more natural looking, collard green and cabbage. I did get the complimentary soup, potato soup which in comparison to my lunch entree was a culinary masterpiece. My coworkers opted for the complimentary dessert which was peach cobbler. In my humble opinion fruit cocktail overed by 2 little pieces of arbitrary crusts isn't peach cobbler. By the way, I tasted the BBQ plate, it was a lot more edible than my steak.  Oh, they have the best iced tea in town allegedly. And the old southern lady waitress was all "huney" and "sweetie" at us. If that makes a difference for you. I guess this place is better for breakfast, and FORGET ever ordering anything with gravy. You will thank me. Food 1 Price 1Service 3
2	Cheap, lousy truck stop food.  Everything on the menu is either frozen, or comes from a can.  I honestly can't recommend this place, unless you are very hungry and low on cash.
3	Hello friends,My sister and I used to meet some of her Police buddies here years ago very often for lunch.A few weeks ago i over heard someone saying that they went here for breakfast. That sparked a notion for me to revisit.I ordered eggs (with cheese), grits, ham and coffee. I HATE when ordering eggs w/ cheese and it comes out with that processed cheese that's sold as singles. YUCK... Moreover, I don't like it when it comes out just placed on top of the eggs. (What's up with that? Why not scramble the cheese INTO the eggs). Everything was pretty good as far as taste.Food + tax + tip..around 9 bucks
4	Great little breakfast dive. Quick, great service, good food - cooked to order.Decor is a bit outdated - but that just adds to the ambience. Have been coming here occasionally for years - never been disappointed.This is a landmark in the area- been around for many years. Not open in the evenings or on weekends.
2	Just tried the place because I was close. Had one of the daily lunch specials. Chicken pot pie was  decent. Fried okra was not that great. Mac and cheese treated like out of a box. Corn bread was ok. Cobbler was mediocre. This place seems to be known for breakfast and sweet tea, neither of which I had. It does have a charming little diner appeal but food not that great.
