4	This theatre gets four stars from me because of its wonderful marquee.  You can see a picture of it here: http://www.flickr.com/photos/60179646@N00/109899834/The interior isn't quite as spectacular, but it is still pretty nice.  Were it not for the marquee, I would give it three stars.  They have 10 screens here and three of them are for art and foriegn films.  I come here if the film I want to see is not playing at the Squirrel Hill or the Manor.Here is another view http://www.southsideworks.com/ of the theatre.  The theatre is part of a new entertainment, dining, and office district built a few years ago.
4	Of the two cinemas built on the site of former steel mills (the other is AMC Loews Waterfront 22), I like this one better.  It's less of a madhouse and it seems to be better maintained.  I went here on Friday Night to see "The Hangover" with my girl posse.  I would have preferred seeing something at the Manor or Squirrel Hill, but were having dinner in the neighborhood and we were heading out to the Beehive after the show.
4	You did good, Pittsburgh.Yet "The Shining"?  Cult film?  No.Don't insult Kubrick.
4	This theater, by far, has my most favorite entrance to the ticketing and the concessions stand.  There are entrances from the east and west sides of the building.  At one end of this procession was the ticketing stand where you purchase your tickets.  After your purchase, you turn around to a Paladian staircase that brings you up to the concessions stand and then your final destination -- your movie.  I have seen both "2012" and "Blind Side" here and thought that it was a good experience.  I wish that the seats were a bit more comfortable, but my rear end didn't fall asleep, so they can't be that bad.
3	I've only been here once - a few weeks ago to see the Fantastic Mr. Fox.  When I first entered, I couldn't believe how grandiose it looked!  But the actual screens, seats, concessions, etc are nothing special.
4	I like this movie theater number one because it's not humongo, number two it's never really busy (which may or may not be bad for business, eek) and number three because it's across from The Cheesecake Factory. The movie theater I went to regularly was The Waterfront. Now I don't have to worry about traffic on horrid 376 East. Only the occasional back up from a drunk or two walking across the street on East Carson. Plus there's not many hooligans like there are at the Waterfront. I totally sound like an old lady, but I don't care! I'd rather watch the movie than listen to giggling and phone ringing. I started to wise up after middle school when I went to movie theater's and didn't make out in them anymore because I was actually paying for it at that point! Plus I'm totally into the specials they run, like on Monday it's $5 movies and Tuesday free popcorn! I'm totally into a good deal, especially since movies are a trillion dollars now! Ok, I'm going to go back to my old lady knitting now, which I totally saw some woman doing in front of me tonight at the movies. True story!
5	This is probably the most affordable movie theater I have ever been to for watching the latest movie releases. They have great student discounts, which makes movie ticket prices all the better for my boyfriend and I whenever we decide to take a break from studying and go out on a movie date. We have not really bought any food at this theater because most concession stands are obscenely overpriced. I also like this theater because it is not crowded or overly commercialized like other movie theaters. There hardly are ever loud teenagers running around or making annoying noises during movies. Each theater is really clean and not overcrowded or noisy. The restrooms here are also clean and well kept. The sound, picture, and seat quality are great and comfortable. I would not go anywhere else in Pittsburgh to watch a movie.
2	If ever there was a stuffy theatre, this one comes to mind. I'd much rather see a movie at AMC at the Waterfront. Free parking comes to mind first, better seats, and AMC has the movie goers card that lets you earn rewards, upgrades, and discounts on every item. I love the signage on the outside of the building, but thats where the love ends.
4	I am a fan. Why? It's easy to get to, not too crowded, close to lots of other restaurants and shopping... It's just all around convenient. Oh, and $5 Monday night movies gets me every time. See ya Monday!
4	I think this is an amazing theater with terrific sound and picture. Although, this wasn't the greatest place to see a silent film like The Artist because of all the noise on the other screens. Besides that, that this place impressed me. I think I would have rather seen the Artist at The Hollywood in Dormont.
4	This movie theater is in a great location for dinner and a movie.  You can go next door to the Cheesecake Factory, a fave of mine, or hit up one of the restaurants in the South Side.  The movie theater is clean and although it's never really busy, the concession stand always seems to have a line.
3	I am not over the fact that you have to pay for parking here.  Southside Works Cinema does nothing to stand out or shine amongst it's competition and I will say that this is not my go to theater.
3	you can't beat this location. in the middle of a large shopping center adjacent to south side. these few miles can give you everything you would want in a day, and extend it into the evening.we came here to cap off our evening out and about. fortunately nothing in the theatre frightened me as much as the movie we were about to watch.it reminded me of childhood. bad fluer de lis carpet mished with voulur mashed into something worthy of treading on. it smelt a bit of artificially flavored popcorn, and you could just feel the sticky handed children who had been there before me.the theatres are small, but roomy. the show we were in was full but it didn't seem uncomfortable sharing this theatre with strangers.my visit here was a success! this is exactly what you expect to get. standard priced movies, the candy you expect to see, with the titles you expect associated with such venues.
4	This is my go-to theater since it's so close to me. I love the grand entrance. Also, if you're early for a movie or waiting on someone, you could hang out near the  Cheesecake Factory fountain or there are many shops around to enjoy before (or after!) I also love it because it's not huge; it's your basic theater and easy to see/find everything inside. I also love $6 movie monday. The particular Monday that we went, they had a special at the concession stand 'Buy any size popcorn, get the same size drink for free' Well guess what?! you ALWAYS get free refills on large popcorn and large drink... so After buying one large popcorn, we received a drink for free and did not take for granted the free refills :D
5	I love this theater for its old school yet modern vibe. They have an outdoor ticket booth to purchase your tickets before entering the building and once you enter there's escalators to take you up to the concessions and theater. I love the outlook it has that early 70's vibebut they use tv's to advertise there food and drink choices. The concession stand is smaller than some of those main stream movie theaters like AMC lowes but it gives you a more comfortable homey feeling. The ticket prices are decent and the offer specials on mondays and tuesdays for free popcorn and $5 movie tickets all day! The popcorn is really good with the different seasoning they have to offer like white cheddar and nacho cheddar.the seats are wide and very spacious. Like sitting in a small sofa chair plus the arm rails are wide so that your elbow isn't falling off. They have large sturdy cup holders and walking across the aisle is a breeze because of all the floor space they give you.. It's pretty awesome. I love the pre movie trivia too it keeps you entertained while you wait and the sound system is just as good. Deep bass with nice high and lows so that the sound doesn't echo.I used to always goto AMC Lowes but i love the personal intimacy of this theater. The comfort i feel when i'm here really allows me to watch the movie and not be distracted or become stiff. It's a great thing this theaters on the south side cause of all the various eateries from fine dining to a quick bite before the show..This is definitely my new theater choice for PGH.
4	This has become my favorite theatre near me. Although several reviewers have complained about the parking I just don't think this is a big deal. Parking is not expensive at all. With all the specials they have, don't let a parking garage keep you from visiting.Anytime I have been here, the staff has been friendly. Another important feature of any theatre is how clean it is. Unfortunately, i have been to theaters where I didn't want to sit down. This has never been a problem here.As far as the actual movie experience goes, it is just as good as any other newer theatre in the area. I think the size of the theaters are perfect.My favorite thing about Southside Works Cinema is the location. I usually get to the theatre early and buy my tickets right away. This allows me to visit some of the other stores in the area.For me, this is my theatre of choice.
4	This theater has two major things going for it: location and price.The location.  There's always somewhere decent to grab dinner or a drink nearby.  It's near several parking garages and bus stops.The price.  It's slightly cheaper than Loew's.  Also, hello, student discount.FYI, there's a self-checkout by the side doors that's around the corner from the main counter.  No one ever seems to be in line there.
5	The staff was really helpful and gave me some great advice in how to save on refreshments with a popcorn deal
3	I don't usually go to the movies, but when I do, all of the theaters are the same... This is also the same... What makes them special?
4	I like this area, which helps the review overall. It's a nice area to do "dinner and a movie". As for the theater itself, one thing that stands out is their customer service. On one visit, they only had one ticket kiosk, and it was out of order, so the ticket line was insane. They immediately put more staff at the ticket counter, and they were truly hustling. The line went quickly. They're also responsive via twitter feedback, as well.One one particular visit, there was a very rude patron sitting behind me, who was talking loudly during the movie. I didn't see anyone let the movie staff know, but they swiftly took care of the situation anyway.A clean theater and responsive customer service earns these four stars.
4	I really enjoy this theater and its location. I really enjoy coming here for a matinee because it is only $6.75 which is super cheap compared to other places that can add up to at least $12. There is also a discount if you show your student id. They usually have all the movies I want to see and it is never crazy crowded so you will most likely get a seat that you want. This is without a doubt my go to movie theater.
4	I love the SouthSide Works Cinema because it is a smaller theater that is almost never crowded. I typically like larger theaters, but I've noticed at larger, more popular theaters, the crowd tends to be more rowdy and obnoxious, which is not the case with SSW Cinema. I have never had an issue with this theater! Late at night, the theater does seem to be run by younger people who don't have the most professional presentation, but if you need something, you will be helped, which is what matters the most! The theaters themselves are small, but the seats are comfortable and the screens are reasonably sized. This theater doesn't have the capacity to play many movies at various show times, but it always has the most recent movies playing. The location is right in the middle of SSW with many surrounding eateries and stores, which makes for an eventful morning, afternoon or night!
4	I'll just second what most people have already said in reviews below. While I'm not a huge fan of the younger crowds when I go see movies (louder, more texting, etc.), you can't complain much about the great specials and venue of SouthSide Works. I believe Mondays are $6.50 (even for new releases)- it was great to see the new Hunger Games movie at such a cheap price. Plus, I had never heard of the "whatever size popcorn bought, receive the same drink size for free" deal. That was great. Additionally, I always love a chance to flash my (graduate) student status for discounts, even if it's kind of pathetic that I will still be in graduate school as a 30 year old.  I should start coming here as opposed to the Waterfront more often.
