5	I recently began working with Christina to help me reboot and maintain a healthy and active lifestyle. She is very professional and dedicated to helping me reach my fitness goals. She is realistic about expectations and helps me realize that the only person standing in the way of my success is me. Christina provides a lot of variety so workouts don't become stale and lose their effectiveness.  Her energy helps make all this hard work more enjoyable, and I leave sessions reenergized. Most importantly, Christina is able to empathize when I'm struggling and provides extra support to help me push through any challenges I face. Christina's nutritional knowledge is an asset and complements my workouts beautifully. As we should all know by now, you gotta change your entire lifestyle, and Christina is the whole package! I am looking forward future sessions and can't wait to unveil a leaner, meaner, healthier me!
5	I had never worked with a trainer before but it was the best decision I could make. I've been working with Christina all summer and I have had such a huge transformation. I went to her with intentions to tone. But instead I have changed my eating lifestyle, my workout routine and my way of thinking.  She is amazing! She is so relatable and easy to talk to. She is very well educated. Most important she meets you at your level but pushes you at the same time. I love the difference I've made.
4	I am very happy that I found Designer Body Fitness. I have seen lots of different trainers, done many different work out programs, and Christina does an amazing job of taking out the cookie-cutter workouts and making sure that the work outs that you do are challenging as well as designed to fit your needs. I have had many issues with my knees in the past few years, and she has really helped me to rehabilitate them and get them stronger!Christina is also a very caring and inspirational personal trainer. She just doesn't say things to get you motivated... she lives it. If you are looking for a personal trainer and nutrition coach in Phoenix, definitely check out Designer Body fitness.
5	This is as honest as it gets... I hate working out. HATE it. I've never been good at it. I've never stuck with it. I've always come up with a million different reasons I couldn't go do it. But I'll do it now. Why? Because Christina knows this about me. She understands it is how I feel and she works with it. She doesn't make me feel bad. She doesn't push me to do things I can't (yet - burpees). What's great is that she pushes me in ways that she knows will work for ME. And while I always hurt the next day, I can still move. I can say that NO other trainer I've ever worked with has been able to tow that line. It's impressive - and motivates me to do more. I cannot thank Christina enough for her passion, and her amazing ability to get people to WANT to get healthy. I'm finally there.
5	Christina is the most well rounded trainer I have ever met.  She takes the time to understand the individual needs of her clients and inspires them to meet and exceed their goals.Bootcamp if my favorite experience with Christina.  She is conscious of each individual levels and knows just how to get me to the next level. I look forward to her cooking classes and nutritional coaching!
