4	It's about time...It took them awhile but they finally put a Cafe Presse closer to the Venetian side (close to BMG). Now we don't have to hike all the way to the Palazzo's Canal Shop side for some quality coffee when we stay at the Venetian.  Like the fact the place is bigger than the one at the Palazzo.  It has it's drawbacks though...line is sometimes longer because of the heavy foot traffic.  In addition, when an event is happening at the convention center or BMG is on it can get nerve racking to wait for the LAVAZZA goodness.  As long as the people in line love on LAVAZZA, it's no biggie. In the end it's all about the coffee...
5	Dropped by before my late showing of Blue Man Group. All the pastry goodies were 40% off. Got an almond triangle that still tasted fresh and amazing. Friendly cashier and clean tables. What more could I want?
4	Either waiting for your convention, or waiting for a show.  Cafe Presse is a good place to grab a snack.  Located inside Venetian/Palazzo, close to the entrance of Sands convention center and Blue Man Group theater.  Is a decent looking snack stop called Cafe Presse.  A decent size to dine or grab a quick snack.  The place seems to be in an open area, but it does have 3ft high walls for little privacy.  I think its very convenient for those who may be going to the conventions, or just standing around waiting for the Blue Man Group to start.  I enjoy their Southwestern Chicken Salad, which is a bit on the spicy side, but I like my salad with a little kick in it.  It's different and tasty, it may not be for everyone but if you like spicy and not fond of salad, this might change your mind if you combine them both.  I also enjoyed their Yogurt parfait, layered with fruit, yogurt and topped off with granola in a decent size cup.  Very fulfilling and tasty, I would go back just for that.  The staff, are nice and friendly, sometimes there busy, but probably can understand that there right in front of the Sands convention and see thousands of people a day, so I'm sure they have their ups and downs.  But I believe they do their best to make their customers decently satisfied with their orders.  Overall, either your on the run to your convention, maybe just waiting for the doors to open at the Blue Man Theater, or just walking in the area.  Cafe Presse is probably a great place to grab a snack.  Highly recommended to check out.  But keep in mind, it is in front of the Sands convention center, so it can be busy on occasions.
3	If you are in the Venetian or Palazzo and what a quick bite or coffee I would have to say this is a good place to stop by, located right in the middle of the Venetian and Palazzo in the restaurant row area it has all the things you would expect from a cafe including Lavazza coffee products.  Lavazza is some of the best coffee you can get and the fact that they offer it a cafe presse gives it the 3 stars by itself.
2	Overpriced coffee, $10 boxed sandwiches and salads...yeesh...I'll take a walk.  Though Lavazza is good, this was not a spectacular cup of joe.  At $8 for two 16oz. cups I'll pass.
4	Pretty good coffee that is located just before the Sands Convention Center and the halfway point from the Venetian and Palazzo hotel. This is convenient for convention goers who needs a pick-me-up from all the hustle and bustle and chaotic events they are either required or want to go to.All their drinks are delicious. Almost every time, I get my usual iced hazelnut latte!! Yum!!!! They make the perfect balance of hazelnut flavoring, milk and espresso. My friend usually orders her ice blended white chocolate mocha. Cafe Presse is sooooo much better than Coffee Bean. Come here to get your coffee fix instead.
2	The latte is good (trust me, almost any coffee would be good after a night out in vegas and early morning conference wake up call), but the lines here are ridiculous since it's right next to the conference area. Save yourself some time and go to the Starbucks outside. It'll be faster (even though it looks farther).
4	Desperately seeking caffeine (especially in Vegas)!I found this place by accident the first time.    I had a great Iced Coffee.    Unfortunately, it took some time to find it the second time.  I honestly needed to walk after all the food I ate - so I made it my mission.I must mentioned the staff.   My second cup - I had no clue of what I was ordering.   They provided the necessary instruction for me to enjoy my coffee right.   (I know coffee is not rocket science but ...   I was in Vegas and I was a little slow (rough night).Enjoy!
1	We stopped here for a quick breakfast before heading out of Vegas. Don't waste your time. The only breakfast food they have are sandwiches, even though they advertise breakfast bring available 24/7 (I would've thought they'd have more!). My husband got the bagel sandwich and he said the bagel was tough. I got the egg & cheese on an English muffin, absolutely flavorless and it was so overlooked the cheese was like rubber. Waste of time and money.
1	What in the world piece of crap did they give me? Walking around the palazzo trying to find a jamba juice. Got tired and finally settled for a smoothie in this place. Yuck! What in the world. I didn't realize a smoothie constituted fruit flavored syrup and ice. I am from the bay. Not somewhere people dont use fresh fruit. I wasn't even able to finish this fake sugar contraption. Do yourself a favor. Keep wandering until you find that jamba man!
1	Don't stop here if you have a meeting to get to. I would be fine if this was my vacation and don't mind waiting 10+ minutes for a simple cup of coffee. Terrible Service!!!!!
