1	I have my nails done every month and this month my normal nail salon was closed so I drove over to Q Royals Nail and Spa.  The lady that checked me in was rude and refused to speak to me, she would only gesture instructions.  My nail tech was about equally as quiet, which is fine because I much prefer to read my book than talk.  Their special was $33 for a mani/pedi, so I decided to do that instead of just getting my normal pedicure.  From my experience this package included trimming my nails and cuticles and rubbing some lotion on my feet.  For him to brush a callus treatment over my feet was $5 more.  When everything was said and done my nails looked worse than if I had done it myself.  He trimmed my nails within about an 1/8" of having no nails (they were plenty long to begin with), one bloody cuticle and the polish is so sloppy that the sides of some of my nails aren't painted and the paint is all over my cuticles.  The paint on my toes is dull and already looks 2 weeks faded.  When I brought all of this to their attention they put another top coat on my toe nails.  This place is obviously out to make the quick, convenient dollar.  They are located in a major shopping center right by Starbucks and Whole Foods, so they obviously have enough traffic to keep them going, no one in the salon that day was very satisfied, but we are a culture of convenience.  My suggestion is to spend one extra minute driving across the street to Ali's Nails (my current favorite salon) and get splendid and smiling customer service!  The pedicures I get there are 1 hour, $25 and last for the whole month!!!
1	I happened to be running some errands in the area and saw their special ($33 mani/pedi).  I had an hour or so to kill so I went in to an almost empty salon that smelled of mildew.  I should of just walked out right then and there.  The man there gestured to grab a color and the lady who did my pedicure was sneezing with a runny nose the entire time.  She left me there about five times to go the bathroom to blow her nose.  She didn't seem to do anything when I said the water was scathing hot.  Anything I said was met with an expressionless face.  I couldn't believe what an atrocious job the whole thing was.  The man would shout out to customers across the salon...just very unprofessional.  And throughout the entire time the man and the woman doing my nails were speaking in their native language in a heated argument.  Relaxing??  I think not.  And finally...and this is a killer for me who has two kids and just wants to read up on current celebrity gossip for an hour and relax...all of the magazines were a year - yes a YEAR - old!  What's the point of having them out, much less reading them?I couldn't believe when the guy said that they've been in business for over six years.  I've been to many salons such as this one and many of them (Scottsale Nails and Paulene's Nails on Bell) leave me very satisfied.  This one - not so much.
1	Horrible experience - very disappointing! I tried this place last Saturday for the first time and won't be going back for more.The lady (I think she was Russian) who gave me a pedicure was rude (told me that my choice of polish color) won't look good. She was also rough and smeared my toe (on my sandal). I had to call her attention to fix the smear - she appeared pretty lazy.So, I did not tip that day - I always tip for good/great service but not that day. Plus, I thought they were overpriced.
1	Boy, they done me wrong!!I've been going to get my pedicures at Royal since before they became a "spa" and a few years ago, they were honestly great! This last time I went, I made an appointment and when I walked in, everyone greeted me like the long time customer I am. I sat down to get my pedicure and got it done by the Russian lady. The pedicure was mediocre, if that. The thing that got me the most was that when I asked for the "crackle" black top coating, not only was it a hassle for them to do it, but she also charged me $2 to apply it. I understand everyone needs to make money...but to charge $2 for a few strokes of nail polish, when the bottle costs $4 next door at Walmart? I don't care as much about paying two lousy dollars but to pull that when I've been a customer for about 5 years now? Nuh uh!When it was time for my next pedicure, I took my business to Ali's nails across the street.Will not be returning to Q Royal ever again, and I suggest you don't try them either. They are too high on their horses and don't appreciate clientele at all. And they just raised prices for some reason, like they think the service got better or something??? No. Spend your money elsewhere.
1	My friend and I came in looking for pedicure before we headed back home to the bay area. We both got a pedicure and I got a manicure to. They were pretty nice, although thelady my friend had kept trying to upsell her on this special manicure and just wasn't getting the hint. She was pushy and rude. The lady cut my friends skin on almost every nail and now she has a FUNGUS infection in one of her fingers. I now have a fungus infection in my big toe! That is DISGUSTING!!! This place is DIRTY and UNSANITARY! The place I go out here always pulls their tools from a sanitized pack and every client gets a new pack. If im ever back in the area I WILL NEVER GO HERE AGAIN!!!
1	I had been into this spa a handful of times over the past few years because there is one lady who does a decent eyebrow wax here.  One day, I decided to stop in for a pedicure.  The lady who did my nails is probably the one other reviewers here mentioned, but I need to point out that she is not Russian, but Armenian.  I know this because almost from the moment I sat down the woman engaged me in unwelcome and inappropriate conversations about race and ethnicity.  She told me to send my black friends to her, that she used to work in LA, and black women would come to her with awful skin and she was the one person who could fix it.  She also asked me where all the black people go to listen to music--which clubs, she meant.  When I asked her why she wanted to know, she said because when it comes to jazz music, black people would know what music is the best and most authentic.  Feeling more and more uncomfortable, I just said, "OK, I understand that."  She worked in silence for a few moments, then out of the blue said to me "I know what you think.  You think I ask because I want a black man." Then she proceeds to tell me how racist black women are.  I was sitting there ready to cry.  I didn't know whether to get up or just let her finish.  I ended up sitting there, and eventually she shut up and left me alone.  I had told her her comments were inappropriate, and she responded, "Well, you started it."  Are you kidding me?!!!  I just go to get my nails done, not even to make conversation.  I would have been plenty happy if she just smiled and did my nails and let me go on about my business.  I don't know why some people see a black person and get this diarrhea of the mouth and feel the need to express any feelings or opinions they have ever had about race.  No customer should have to be subjected to that.  VERY inappropriate for a place of business.  When I shop in the area, I don't even look in the direction of this place!!!
5	** UPDATE (5/17/13): Tried them out again after the owner (Mya) wrote me and was very impressed.Their salon is very soothing and has a definite "royal" feel. Soft lavender walls w/crown molding, and 3 rustic chandeliers grace their ceiling. Nice, soft Muzak in the background. Beautiful black-and-white chairs w/dark purple pillows at their nail stations. Awesome pedi chairs - black leather, massaging, and each chair has its own PURPLE iPad. Yes, I said every chair has it's own iPad to surf, work, etc. Very clean and meticulous which is pretty important to me. I noticed they also use a new plastic liner in between each spa pedi. Love this!Customer service is stellar also - very friendly and attentive! Offered me (and others) small bottle of water.They have done a complete 180 from 2 years ago (under different owners). I'm a fan!!
1	Disgusting!!! Walked-In for service -- took few looks and left. Walked into restroom to wash my hands and filth all over the walls. Did not appear sanitary at all. This is my first Yelp review as I was that grossed out and wanted to warn y'all... Ick ick ick!!!
5	My mother-in-law comes here about every 3 weeks and sings nothing but praises. I don't live in the area but I've been treated to several mani/pedis when I come in to town.  I have always left with a great experience, I feel relaxed and pampered. On my last visit I can officially say I received the best French gel manicure ever. It was flawless!!  If I only lived closer, I would treat myself to one of these every month!
4	Came in for a pedi after my favorite pedi lady went MIA at another salon.  After much research on YELP, I decided on Q Royal.  I read some bad reviews and then realized the salon got new management and after that all the reviews were positive. I am happy I had tried Q Royal and will be coming back.  They had a huge selection of polishes they do a nice job of putting like colors together so you're not spending 10 minutes searching for the different shades of red.  Maya was super nice and spoke great English, so there was no communication issues.  She did a wonderful job.  Maya spoiled my legs, my feet and my toes.  There was no holding back with the leg and foot massage.  Next time, I will pay extra for a longer massage. Speaking of massage, the chairs they have for each pedi station was amazing.  The chairs are in great condition and the remote is easy to control unlike others I have sat in.  Oh and each pedi station has it's very own iPad that is connected to the Internet to mess around or work if you have to. (You won't be thinking of work while getting a pedi, trust me!)  they do provide free wifi if you need it. I also saw a cute couple that came in and it was refreshing to see a guy come in for a mani and pedi.  I said I wish I could get my husband to come in for a pedi.  The masculine guy said his mani and pedi was amazing and he would be coming back. I asked him to take a pic of him so I could prove to my husband that men do get mani and pedi's.  I hope I can talk him into coming with me.  Looking forward to coming back to have Maya spoil me again.  Thanks Maya!
1	I was given an original wait time of 10-15 mins . My friend gets called first - as I am sitting with my friend she starts her manicure, I assume that I will start shortly after her. To my surprise, a group of two kids and a mom get seated and serviced right away as they roll in 20 mins after i was waiting to get started . Finally 1 hour later  , guy asks if I still wanted nails done. What a joke! Def don't recommend this place if you're looking to enjoy nail time with a friend.
2	I wish i looked on yelp reviews before i go there. i went there get my nail and pedicure done yesterday.firstable the place looks really nice.i told them i wanna get my nails done and the lady ask me do u wanna pedicure too so i told her "sure".im not complainning the lady who was doing my pedicure but the lady who was doing my nails.so i showed her a pic of the color  i found on internet and she was telling me she has that color.so she start doing my nail sadly there was no questions asked such as "do you wanna ur nail to be round or square" until i told her i wanan my nail be more round.normally its only take40min done and i was there an hour and half just.for nails wondering why ?   the lady who was doing my nails keep walking away to do other peoples eyebrows just leave me alone wait.for her to come back .so whole my visiting was almost 3hours.thats ridiculous...and after that the nail does not even look good when i told her one off my nail lookd wired because she filing too much and she say"no its ur finger do like that"and she was not that happy to fix it for me pedicure and nails plus tips almost$80 i am not complainning the price because its in Scottsdale the rent is expensive.im just not satisfied with my nail color she did it for me is not what i showed her in pic and how i waited long time for her to do other peoples service and keep answering phone calls while doing my nails. sorry i will not going back again...
4	Great service. We didn't have to wait long to get our pedicures (3 of us). Plus they were able to do some on the fly nail art for my daughter and I.They were very friendly and very thorough.
5	Someone from the shoppe  reached out to me, and thinks I may be confusing her shop with another location (since she states there aren't any men working in her shop) since I check in, and review later - there is a chance  I checked in at the wrong nail shop.To be fair, I will temporarily giving them 5 stars, and will get my next mani at this shop and make sure it's the correct location. It's true, even the elite make mistakes. Stay posted...
1	I went to this salon about a month ago with a friend one Sunday after church to get a pedicure. I got the spa pedicure and it was the typical routine. The girl that did my nails was nice. However within the next few days my left big toe started to hurt, and then within a week it was really painful, swollen, and definitely infected. I went to a doctor who confirmed my infection. After two rounds of antibiotics, multiple doctors visits, and hundreds of dollars in bills/medication it seems to finally be getting better. I had called the salon to let them know I got an infection from them, and the girl said she would pass my message along to the owner with my name and phone number. I never heard back from anyone. Because of this I will never go to this salon ever again, and really urge the DOL to inspect this place. Kind of ironic that I thought I was saving a few bucks on a pedicure that turned out to cost me hundreds down the road. I do not recommend this salon.
