5	This is only a CHIP off the big block that is the Underground City. In just this part I got lost a few times. It's beautiful. It's huge (3 or 4 stories?). It's fun. It's busy. Everything you need is right here- from furniture to salons to clothes to fast food to the drug store...not to mention the metro and train stations.A couple place I hit up when I was there was Garage, Urban Behavior (love this place!), and Capsule Sportive. It's so much better than the malls we have in the US. If you don't know your way around, one minute you're on one end of the city, the next you climb to the street and realize you are clear across town....We need one of these here.
4	I was stuck in my hotel in February 2007 with minus 30 degree weather(yes I visited Montreal in Feb). So I walked downstairs and took an escalator to the Underground City. I walked a few miles and came across Eaton Centre. It was a very clean and nice mall. Plenty of shopping and dining inside this main mall of Montreal.
4	A huge underground mall, which makes sense considering how frigid Montreal gets in the winter. Lots and lots of shopping to be had with plenty of restaurants and movie theaters. In fact, one of my places to eat, Marche', is here - which unfortunately seems to have closed (first Boston and now Montreal?). The Eaton Centre also connects to the Underground City, which is worth seeing itself too. review 8/7/2008I.M.Y.
4	Huge place with tons of great shopping including most of the same chain stores you see in the US. There is also a Starbucks here and an extensive food court. It's easy to get lost in here but it's a fun place to pass the time.
2	For everyone who is floored by the size of this mall, I'm guessing you've never been to the Toronto Eaton Centre that - according to the way you describe this weak excuse for a 'huge' mall - would just literally drop your jaw.  This mall was weak and not worth even checking out as a tourist. Unless you live in a small city without the luxuries afforded to us Torontonians than check it out... otherwise just go there if you want to do some shopping and for no real tourist value. Yorkdale makes this mall look like a joke...
4	Preface: Autumn 2008The business model of a mall is smart; it lends itself nicely to a cosmopolitan shopping experience.  If you find yourself in another land, a mall will have the creature comforts you remember seeing from back home: retail stores, a food court, jewelry shops.  If you have traveled away from your town and get homesick, you can sample the new and familiar in an insulated environment.  I watched a matinee in stadium seats, tried Lebanese food for the first time, and found myself at the mercy of a typical retail experience, witnessing a woman trip over herself trying to sell my companion a jacket he was not intending to buy.  Nothing sounds more convincing the more times you say it, despite how French the pleas sound in the resounding repetition.As hard as this place was to find from above ground, I kind of wished we'd taken public transportation.  This place had its own T-stop.  Visited on a rainy Saturday, the perfect place for bad weather: you won't get wet here, you'll stay warm and dry-and it's a great way to pass the time before going out for the evening.
3	Its a mall.  But for a mall its A-OK.  A bit difficult to recognize as a mall from above ground, this is one of the stops in the Underground City and I can see how it could be popular during the frigid, Canadian winters.  The shops are pretty standard mall fare but it is nice to have them all in one place when you're on a shopping mission.  I was able to find pretty much all the gifts that I wanted to take back to the States with me in a minimum of time.
4	Love the upscale mall right in downtown Montreal.  I didn't stay here long, but from what I saw, it's above average.There's also free Wi-Fi on the lowest level.
5	Are you kidding me?There's shopping.Then there's shopping in Montreal.Then there's shopping at the Eaton Centre. There's nothing like it. Levels upon levels of awesomeness, deals, hockey swag, Montreal-only boutiques... it's a tourists dream -- heck, it's a local's dream! And you can't get past the novelty that it's UNDERGROUND. Just go. Stop reading this and just go.Oh, and pick up a Poutine while you're down there.You're welcome, Yelpers.
5	Hands down the best city to shop in Canada.
3	It's a mall. One Big A$$ mall with 4 levels of shopping. It boasts having Canada's largest food-court selection, and as others have mentioned: it's part of the underground city.
4	Although there is one in Toronto, this one is much different. Its has a modern feel, and its clean and bright.Families come here as well as kids, I came with my mom and felt comfortable.Its not the same in Toronto Eaton Centre, even though they are both in a central downtown area. I mean, Eatons Montreal is across from Super Sexe! But doesn't seem like the crowded place Toronto is.However, this was Sunday afternoon on a cold (minus 16) winters day. Maybe no one wants to come out.During the weekdays its full of suits and people working nearby. I used to work around here and it was a great distraction, and lunch in the food court there was tons of choice!Low ceilings in the middle of the food court, but if you sit near the edge there are high ceilings that make you feel like you are not sitting in a basementStores here are usually chains but the occasional local brands.On the 4th floor is a great sandwich place.On the bottom floor is a tunnel that leads you to the Metro and Place Ville Marie and connected to the path.You can also get to Les Ailes and probably even further.To be honest I spent more time in Les Ailes and Ville Marie rather than shopping here. But this has a better food court.
4	I like the Montreal eaton centre particularly because of the great selections here. The food courts terrific ranging from a variety of cuisines for you try and select from. The stores always offer good deals that make you go from window shop to actual shop. They have a lot of ice cream parlors, a cool candy stores, some really nice gift shops and a lot of seating spots in case you need to give your feet rest. Definitely a nice tourist spot.
4	I quickly got bored of this mall! I do, however, really like the food court! One of the biggest food courts in montreal with a wide range of food as well as a popcorn store, bubble tea, crepes and food from many different nations!
3	It could be better. Very large. Better signage and more maps would be helpful.  Many shops but not many that caught my interest. I still prefer Eaton Centre Toronto for the shops. EC Montreal does appear cleaner but that's also because it is more spaced out and didn't seam as busy on the day I was there.
3	Connected to the Underground City (or RESO), the Eaton Centre is smack in Downtown Montreal, similar to the Eaton Centre in Toronto.The biggest feature of this mall, in my opinion, is the food court. While it may not have the modern-ness of the Urban Eatery, it has a lot more options, with a particular focus on Montreal cuisine.In terms of store variety, however, I didn't really notice much. There's lots of levels, but they're all mainly stores you'd find in other shopping malls (even in Toronto).Connection to McGill Metro on the Green Line makes this mall easy to access if you're coming from Berri-UQAM. If you're coming from Megabus/VIA Rail however...it might take a while to find this place if you use the RESO (or you could use the Metro and ride it for a few stops).
3	Centre Eaton de Montreal is a decent place to walk and shop and eat especially when the weather is freezing outside.Food court is clean and even have some interesting vendors including Nu Do that offers freshly made to order hand pulled noodle!It is definitely not a must visit tourist spot but not bad to pick up something to eat or even some nacarons from one of the carts!
3	I want to apologize for the late review. I visited Centre Eaton during August but forgot to write the review (school and other personal stuff can really make you procrastinate). During my visit to the Eaton Centre in my long journey (check List of Trip to Montreal), I went here to purchase jeans. The design is averagely laid out. The amount of mens clothing stores is disappointing. There are not enough brands that I prefer to purchase clothes from (subjective). The food court offers a nice variety of vendors to choose from. I visited Nu-do (check my review) and had freshly pulled noodles. Amazing. Overall, the mall is clean but is disappointing compared to the Eaton Centre in Toronto. However, I recommend this mall to everyone visiting Montreal.
5	I LOVED SIMON'S. I easily spent hundreds in that department store alone.PROs: - A great variety of selection. Think "The Bay" or "Walmart" in terms of quantity of items. Now imagine that is ALL CLOTHING. - Nearly 1/4 of their products are on sale. EEEEEEEEEEEE! (screams of joy of course) - The styling of the mannequins was spot on. I literally took a skirt off of a mannequin because it was the last one (and I loved it far to much to leave it) - I thought that skirt was $40 (was a little hesitant but I couldn't leave it behind)... it ended up being half price!!! CONs: - Because of the size of the store (you could easily get lost), there aren't enough workers to customers. I had a bit of trouble trying to find someone to help me get said skirt.- They don't have a location in Toronto! But they're working on it. Projected to have a store at Square One in the years to come :)
4	Love the food court, especially Edo and Thai Express.  Good shopping and underground mall.
4	Excellent shopping center in Montreal. We mostly shopped here and on Rue St Catherine. I got some great deals in some of the random shoe stores and there are a couple gems like the toy store in here. The food court is AMAZING maybe because ours suck in the US but the fact that they had every kind of food imaginable was awesome. Vietnamese, Italian, Indian, Korean, Chinese, American, Bubble Tea, Crepes, Popcorn the list goes on and on. I would like to see maybe a few more kind of boutique kind of stores otherwise great place to do some shopping.
2	Lol,hahahha,heheheh i dont Know where to start.I'm gonna Say that Come to the United States of America to See a Real Shopping centre.
3	Meh. It's an ok mall, but if I was in the Montreal area again, I would skip over this place and drive a little extra to go to Carrefour Laval. Although this mall is big, it's not anything special. Typical stores, typical huge crowd.If I can say one thing, I looove how big the food court is. There is so much variety unlike a food court in the states.
3	Stores- Very clean and organized- Stock and quantity were plentifulStaff- All stores the staff were great and knowledgeableMall Itself- My wife is pregnant and some of the escalators were out of service. Very inconvenient for her because the elevators were always jammed; there isn't many elevators
3	I stopped by here on a dreary Montreal day just to find out it's really just a big mall. Pretty much majority of the stores can be found in the United Sates. I can also imagine the sales tax here has got to be a 1% or 2% higher. One thing that I did really enjoy about this mall is the food court. I'm not sure where I was but I was following a underground path which cuts through several streets in Montreal which ultimately winds up in the main train terminal and more food courts. For me it's not work visiting here again but on those cold winter days I guess it can be a place to visit especially because of the ease to get here by metro.
4	The Montreal Eaton Centre is a nice shopping center in the heart of downtown Montreal.  They have over 175 stores here.  The center has 5 levels!!  It even connects to the Underground City.  This must be a great place to hang out in wintertime when it is snowing outside.We did not have the time to explore the entire mall.  We came here to have lunch.  Their food court has many options, and we were not disappointed.  They also provide free WiFi at their food court as well.Chances of returning is a certainty the next time we visit Montreal!
