4	Fantastic as it may be that western wear, accessories and fashion is a sure delight for me. I have made purchases of western boots, hat, and bags in the past from Texas during my visit in Houston and Galveston and sometime through catalog shopping from other western wear stores at home. This newly opened business on September 8th is right in the heart of Las Vegas. Of all places it has chosen Vegas to be its third outlet for fashionable western wear and accessories outside of Houston and Dallas, Texas. It is located in the first level or lower level of the Fashion Show Mall, adjacent to Neiman-Marcus and Macy's, and it faces The Gap store.Exclusive collection that romanticizes good ol' western fashion style blended with contemporary Southwestern chic is one to be sought-after by anyone embracing the good old American fashion of days gone by yet updated to the now modern stylishness. To local and international mens and ladies, here it is in Vegas. As Vegas is a city frequented by tourists from all over the world, this is fantastic. There are more than just men's and ladies outfts, accessories, jeans, buckles, belts (with and without rhinestones. I like it with rhinestones), hats, men's ties, scarfs, handmade boots, leather goods, books, and jewelry but a good find too are like the coasters made by native American Zapotec Indians. Cute are the teeny outfits for tots and children all displayed in a cozy area for their own country Americana styles. Another thing big now is boot tights, check it out, it is available. It comes in brown, and black. Two boot tights designed in checkerboard style and another in black with red back seamline. I was mesmerized by the Lucchese brand boots in their throng of boots displayed on a wall. I was tempted to purchase another pair that I have had now for years since my purchase in Houston years ago but maybe in the near future. I still can not replace the one I have. In due time, I will. As upscale as this Pinto Ranch is, may I state that this exquisite handmade boots range from $500 and above price range. The cute rainboots are less than $100. Besides Lucchese and Stallion brand boots, you will find Rocketbuster in pretty colorful applications with its own artistic aesthetic beauty. I was informed new items come in each week and items can also be ordered online or via phone. There is even a pen called "bullet" pen which are made of authentic ammunition casings. Well, if it is not a real gun, the "pen is mightier than the sword". Take it along with you ready anytime. A Fashion Show Mall Runway Show was presented last September 8-11. If you are into rodeo, western wear or western-themed parties, head to this place for your finds before a herd of cows come running you in a stampede, or just  you may stare at Americana style. The lady sales clerk was so very cordial and assisted me in showing me items I really like. Maybe someone special will gift them to me as I celebrate my birthday this month (hint, hint). I love browsing yet could not leave without purchasing (laugh out loud). Toll free telephone number is 1(800)393-8001.  E-mail at store@pintoranch.com or lasvegas@pintoranch.com. Fax at (702) 228-2727.
5	I received a lovely Filson duffle bag from Pinto Ranch as a birthday gift from my father. After thanking him, and wondering how he got it to me in time (knowing he's a last-minute shopper) he told me the people at Pinto Ranch were kind enough to overnight the bag from NV to CA, and that they gave him a good deal on it and the bag. After looking into more of their selection, I plan to visit them the next time I'm on the Strip to thank them, and give them some more business.
2	I have lived in Vegas my whole life. My family owns a ranch in Utah that everyone rotates to do up keep on it. I started riding horses at a young age and ive been hunting since I was 7. I was purely shocked that ive never heard of Pinto Ranch. Yesterday was my first time hearing about it so I decided to go check it out. Everything looked nice, yes it was pretty pricey but thats not uncommon in western wear. However what I did notice is its all fashion wear. Meaning you wont see me riding or on our ranch with a 300$ shirt or 2000$ boots. But for the most part I thought it was a really cool atmosphere... that is until an employee came up to me. He kindly asked if there was anything he could help me with. I responded "no but im amazed I never heard of this before, its hard to find nice western stores here in Vegas, usually its just sheplers and boot barn, everything else is out of town". Thats when he looked at me and said "Ohh yea you see were more of a HIGHER END store". Which in reality is VERY true; but his tone towards me along with his look made it seem like he was saying I couldn't afford anything. Im not a rude person so I just smiled and walked around, he then came up to me and stated "Yea maybe one of these days you could upgrade your corral boots (I did have corrals on at the time) and get one of these". At that point I wanted to leave. His attitude was very unpleasant! Maybe I could upgrade my boots? No sir they might be corrals and they werent 2000$ but for boots that are for casual wear and not ranch work boots they are my favorite and well over 500. If I wanted a nice pair of boots id get them not upgrade. Ive never in my life felt down graded in a store not to mention a Western store. Yes this store had some cute fashionable stuff but id rather not go somewhere ill be judged for the brand im wearing.
