5	This casino is about 20 minutes off the strip in Henderson, NV. A lot of the young casino workers and locals work here and play here. Its a nice casino which feels more like a resort than a Strip casino. I like it because the club here is always good and the gambling here is more.. i dunno. homey. Ne ways, this is a good place to watch a show or something, too. Come here when you think you've done everything there is to do in Las Vegas. You won't be disapointed.
5	I played over 12 hours of poker here with the locals and it honestly beats any place on the strip. The room's aren't cheap, but definitely one of the nicer room's I've ever stayed in, especially at a casino. As a bonus there are a couple late night bars/clubs AND Fatburger is located seconds away from the poker room (and is open 24 hours)...
5	This is a great place to go if you're in Henderson and too lazy to drive down to the strip. There's great shopping, some good restaurants, and even Whole Foods across the street!
5	This place is an oasis just far enough away from the hustle and bustle of the Strip.But this place provides plenty of hustle and bustle of its own.The hotel:My friend and I were lucky enough to get a comped suite overlooking the pool. This room was absolutely incredible. The beds were superb. Luxurious bathrooms. Great room service. The casino:Ohmygod we had so much fun with everyone we met at the 3-card poker table. My friend's the gambler, I just sat by her side talking to everyone at the table and drinking. We were at this table for hours. In fact, we were so wired - we didn't go to bed until after 5am. Good times. And good people.The rest:Exccellent dining. Beyond the food court offerings, of course. Sushi + Sake: excellent! Il Fornaio: gnocchi and salads were delish!Whiskey Bar: we were there early but the layout was pretty cool. Fun bartenders.I'll never forget the 24 hours we spent here.
1	This is the first time I have ever wanted to give negative stars. My husband and I stayed here with his company for their annual meeting that was held in the resort.  When we first drove up the signs to find the hotel entrance were non existent so we had to park in self park and walk through the casino.  Fine, whatever, its Vegas.  Except there is no clear way to get from the casino into the hotel...we were very lucky another guest showed us the super secret door. Our room was nice, nothing spectacular, and nothing compared to other rooms in Vegas.  That first night my husband's company hosted a cocktail reception for us that took place partially outside by the pool.  They were varnishing the pool area that night so we were treated to fumes and bright flood lights!  Excellent!  The next morning I woke up and grabbed an apple juice out of the mini fridge.  I took once sip and almost spit it out- something was not right with the juice.  Turns out that it was expired by 3 months.  It turns out EVERYTHING in our fridge was expired by 3 months!  It took 3 calls to get them to bring up new juice.Oh, but I haven't gotten to the part where the fun really begins!  I am getting ready for the formal dinner that the company hosts and I go to put on makeup.  I realized that my Louis Vuitton bag (makeup inside) as well as a vintage beaded clutch were missing!  Gone! Completely! What ensued after that was nothing short of insanity.  GVR kept hinting that my husband stole the bag.  Yeah, ok.  They "investigated" and their conclusion was "well, the maid said she didn't see it, so she didn't take it.  Are you sure you even had this bag in the first place?"  Wow, thats not insulting, not at all.  I fully admit that I should have tried to stuff my bag into the tiny safe they provided.  But they should have been at least a little more responsive to the fact that one of their guests was robbed in one of their rooms.  We were given the complete run around everytime we called them, bounced from department to department.  On our last day there we had no other option to call the Henderson police...who we quickly realized were going to be of no help since they don't conduct their own investigation.  If GVR had at least treated us with a modicum of decency and respect it would have been a different story.  But it was more than obvious to us that this was a mis managed property concerned with nothing more than making $$, certainly not concerned with their guests satisfaction.Some other things about GVR I didn't like-- The half sand pool.  Totally a personal preference but I am not a fan.- The distance from the strip.  Don't believe them when they tell you its close, its not.  Its at least a good $25-30 cab fare each way. - The "shuttle".  The Shuttle to the strip runs very infrequently and stops early in the evening.  It also only carries 14 people...so if you aren't one of the first 14 in line you have a long wait ahead of you.We hadn't seen American Casino before staying here, then got to watch a couple of episodes after staying.  If that show didn't make it more than obvious that the hotel and casino were mismanaged. . .needless to say we were horrified when we saw the episode where they had to close the restaurants for health code violations.  Bleck!
3	Ok so am I bitter because this place is really not the closest to be. Ok so there's NEVER any parking that's close - everyone and their mothers go here. I've been here a few times where I'd have to drive circles for parking. Buffet is good. Movie theatre - decent. Everything else....eh....I can see it get old fast. I mean they did a whole reality show on this property called American Casino. I'm just not impressed with this place. The pool is nice! It smells clean....this place is just not my thing. Plus I've never really won playing there. Am I just bitter? Nahhhh Red Rock is way better. GVR comes at an easy 2nd!
4	I love this place for the pool.  Oh, and the rooms are pretty killer too.  But the pool is amazing. It offers a sandy beach, james bond-esque bar, and a view of the strip.  Check into this hotel and spend your days by the pool.   It's worth it.  It didn't get 5 stars because the waitresses are really bad.  So I suggest you get a cabana and get bottle service so you can be in charge of your own cocktails. Happy tanning!
4	Green Valley Ranch is one reason I love living in Las Vegas. The rooms here are super gorgeous, and the view is amazing. The pool is so unique and always a pleasure to spend an afternoon. I can sometimes be found in one of their restaurants or bars, they are mostly good!! The Movie theater here is one of the best in the city and the pool bar cannot be beat!! I love spending a faux vacation at GVR!The only reason it gets 4 stars instead of 5, is that Red Rock, the sister property beats it somehow!
2	I used to live down the street from Green Valley Ranch and I hate it. First of all, there is never any parking. They also took out the middle of the 3rd floor of the parking garage and made it for VIPs. Also, the food prices are astronomical and there is always long lines as well. Security guards are rude to minors, especially at the District. If they sit at a bench in the District longer than 10 minutes, security tells them that they sat there too long and that the District is only for adults. The security at the arcade is also strict, they make sure everyone is over 13 and they follow you around. The movie theaters always has long lines and they don't have great showtimes and the concession stands have poor customer service as well.
3	I have a close friend who lives his life like a movie. But  then again, don't we all. But, my friend, we'll call him Bond, James Bond, lives his life as though the camera is always rolling. When ever he relates a story, he tells it like a movie. Filling in details about the scene, the actors motivations and even providing laugh tracks and applauses - where appropriate. Especially important is the scene - what was he wearing, what the other actors (real people to you and me) were wearing and there regard for the main character - Bond, James Bond. Anyway, he recently had an epiphany about an outfit - these slacks, with these shoes, belt and sport coat, etc. Next, he builds a scene where said outfit is ideal. Next he builds his ideal cast - all should be good looking, well-dressed and witty. Now what he has is a vacation - wherein he assembles cast, crew and scene to make the movie that is his life. My recent vacation to Green Valley Ranch Resort (GVRR)was the result of just such an epiphany. So, me and my wife, Bond, James Bond and his wife and another couple who we'll only refer to here as "Lensica" struck out for an adults-only weekend at GVRR. GVRR is a nice, fully contained resort in thr outskitr city of Henderson, Nevada. About twenty minutes from the strip it appears to be in an upscale part of Greater Las Vegas. They have all the requisite amenities one would expect in a resort - casino, clubs, restaurants of different genres, pool and cabana area and spa. Despite the hokey name, the resort has an Italianate architecture. It looks to be relatively new and thus has bit of a "tract home"-new feel. This isn't a knock against the place, but is pretty typical of LV as most of it pretty recent.Food - I love hamburgers! I may have said that before. Well, in the food court, they have a FatBurger! That carries a lot of weight for me. You can always rely on a quality burger from this place. Enuf said. On the high end, they have Hanks Steakhouse. Good steaks. It's typically expensive but I have to say the service was both attentive and completely unobtrusive. In addition, they have a Sushi restaurant - good but nothing to right home about. Finally, the big draw based on the unbelievable lines - an Original Pancake House. Never got in there, but if it's like Fatburger, you can count on it to be as good (or bad) as the other OPHs.Room Service - Had the pre-ordered breakfast and it cam right on time. A bit on the expensive side, and they don't have any griddle dishes - hotcakes, etc. That was tough, but the food they served was quite tasty. General Service - All the staff was unfailingly friendly, polite and helpful. I give them high marks for understanding the the idea of hospitality. Pool/Patio - On Saturday, while the ladies "spa'd" (if that is a word) while the guys sat around and drank by the pool. We rented a cabana in the Adults only pool area. It had a bit of a Spring Break feel even though many of the swimmers were significantly older than college age. The service around the pool was a bit slow. Worse, we ordered food and of the 5 dishes ordered, two had substantial errors - sandwiches missing the bread, no avocado on a Cobb salad. However, once we brought this to the attention of the Assistant Pool Manager - she comped the $200 cabana fee and well as our drinks and food. She gets the highest marks! Her level of service gets the resort a whole star. If you there, ask for Styrling. She'll take care of ya.The biggest downside would be distance from the Strip. Not a big problem, but definitely inconvenient if the strip is on your agenda.Overall, I can recommend this place. It's a good place to go in Vegas.
4	The first time I visited Green Valley Ranch, I was like, this place is nice. The casino is not very big, but there were a ton of slots for us to play. We only like playing slots and drinking while we're in Vegas. That and lay out by the pool, and swim  and drink some more. Anyway, their Feast Buffet is nice. They've got Mongolian BBQ, a tasty salad bar with fancy greens, crab legs, etc etc. The usual LV buffet fare but with more quality. They've got a small food court for those not interested in standing in a super long line or eating until your pants bust open. Also, shops are close by. Hello Anthropologie!
5	Green Valley Ranch is a couple of miles off the strip but let me tell you I LOVE THIS PLACE. The hotel/casino view from the freeway looks like your worn down huge old LAS VEGAS hotel but don't let the outside view decieve you, inside is a completely different story. The casino is not popular compare to the ones on the strip (mostly older folks playing slots) but the hotel section is lovely. We had the standard King size bedroom. I absolutely loved the bathroom- the setting was so elegant, and the bath tub was HUGE (yey for bubble baths). The best part about staying here is the SPA. They are known for there SPA which was newly renovated about year and a half ago. It is spacious and I don't know how to put it but everything seems to be "up to date". Furthermore please do not forget check out the "Original Pancake House" located in the casino area-they're awesome as well!
5	Is it so wrong to give Green Valley Ranch extra stars because I got to stay here for free?  Probably not.  The bedrooms and bathrooms are spacious, and the room I stayed in had a flat panel tv, which is probably standard at all hotels on the Strip.  Green Valley is a nice alternative if you're trying to stay away from the hustle and bustle of Sin City.Yes, I went here with a boy, many, many, many moons ago.  And, Ma, if you're reading this, we slept in separate beds.
5	I visit this hotel 30+ times a year. The buffet is outstanding and the price is unbeatable.  A full buffet of Italian, Seafood (crab legs included) , prime rib and the list goes on and on. The service is outstanding and they treat my 88 year old father  amazing. The proximity to the airport is 10 minutes.  The availability of handicap parking wheel chairs and  just about anything a senior citizen might need is readily available. My father and I love this place. By the way a new Whole Foods  opened just across the street.
4	Here is another casino that we play at when we're in town.  Casino part is ok.  It's a little bit cheaper sometimes than the strip but not always the stations casions (this is if you're playing tables).  They don't have that many 1 cent slots as the stations casinos.  Food here is good.  I like the shops that they have outside.  Even the movie theater is nice, which is a change of pace if you want to take a break from eating/gambling.
5	This casino is GREAT if you want to have the fun of gambling in Vegas without all the riff-raff and dirt of the strip.  It's a fantastic spa/hotel/casino and it has a wonderful view of all the hotels below on the strip...just far enough away to feel like an oasis yet close enough to still cab it.  I'd say it's about 12-13 miles so prepare for a slightly more expensive taxi fare than say if you were going from the strip to downtown.GVR is so nice if you are going to relax with your honey, chill with family, or for even celebrating a bachelorette party.  I've done all three and can attest that the resort accommodates all three!The rooms are great...marble counters in the bathroom, a full size hairdryer, separate tub, shower AND toilet (own room!).  The bedroom area is equally lovely...either 2 queens or a king...high thread count sheets, pillows that are squishy with the right amount of firmness, a mini bar complete with a "sexy" kit, medicine for hangovers, and all the ingredients with which to make your own, in-room 'tini!!The spa is a tad confusing but nice...indoor and outdoor hot tubs.  Be prepared to pay a resort fee JUST to use the spa even if you're not getting a service.  Oh, and the services are WAY pricey...like upwards of $150 for a 50 minute massage.  If you want something cheaper, head across the way to the Aveda salon where they offer an $80/hour version and it's a close walk.The Cafe in the casino has great late-night dining and the Sports Book has some kick-ass, huge screens on which to watch your favorite team( ahem, GO PATRIOTS!) play.  Oh, and if you bet on a sports, be sure to ask for a FREE drink ticket.  You get one free well or domestic beer with a bet. :) Also make sure you get a player's card if you play blackjack or slots, etc.  You'll get "free" stuff the more you gamble...so if you are going to lose that cash anyway, might as well get a few free bets and/or a free pack of cigarettes if you are into it. lolThe Whiskey Bar is also nice...especially in summer when you can chill out under the cabanas outside and get bottle service. Fun place to dance...and if you DON'T like the bumpbumpbumpbump of the DJ...I suggest you request a room NOT facing the pool lest you want to hear it ALL night while you sleep. lol
4	I'm torn on how to rate this hotel. On the one hand:It's nice. Really nice. The rooms are spacious and the beds are comfy and the bathrooms are beautiful. The pool area is absolutely gorgeous. I would have loved to have been there when it was warmer as I'm sure the pool is packed and really fun. The spa area is nice (though I didn't use it) and the workout room is huge, with tons of new machines. The staff was friendly, and the cocktail servers in the casino were quick. Breakfast in the main restuarant was good, and only about $18 for 2. the Irish pub was great with a friendly bartender and really reasonably priced drinks and daily specials. They also have an OHOP, an Italian restaurant, a movie theatre and several clubs. And there is a Whole Foods about a 10 minute walk away.  The casino isn't that big, but it was never very crowded. The conference rooms were really nice as well. On the other hand:The sushi resturant was ridiculously overpriced. $10 for 2 pieces of salmon sushi? I know it's Vegas but come on. The buffet looked like more quantity than quality, and the halibut I ordered from room service was bland and overcooked. But my biggest gripe was the shuttle service. I was told there was free shuttle service to and from the airport and the strip. I arrive at 5 on Friday - no shuttle until 7pm. Saturday the first shuttle to the strip was at 1pm. Monday when my husband left for the airport at 8am and Wednesday when I left at 6:30 there was no shuttle. The first one isn't until 9am. Over 4 days we spent over $150 on cabs due to the inconvenient and infrequent shuttle service. Plus, the shuttle only seats 14 people so more than once I saw someone turned away.When I checked out, I noticed that I was charged $20 more per night than what was advertised for my conference rate. I emailed the manager and he refunded me the $100 so the customer service was very good. I guess, if you are really looking to get away and relax, hang by the pool, do a bit of gambling, and aren't looking to hang out much on the strip or stick to a budget, this is great hotel. It's gorgeous and the pool area is beautiful. But if you really want to be on the strip and don't have a ton of money to spend on food and cabs, you might end up disappointed.
4	I haven't stayed in the hotel, however I do gamble here every now-and-then. I live right down the street from this casino, it is very nice and the dealers are great people, very personable. I'm not rating it a four because I win money here, because in fact I think it is a hard casino to win at. I am giving it a four because of the dealers and their personality and how well I am treated here. I'd give it a five if I would have won yesterday, but thats life ;)Station Casino's are pretty good at what they do, the prices of the drinks are kind of up there, but if your gaming they take care of you.The pool overlooking the city is one of the best features of this hotel. You can fall in love with the view. They did a great job on their pool, and I'm sure I'll hit it up during the summer time :)As far as gaming goes, if your playing blackjack, ask to talk to a pit-boss and ask them the rules, on playing multiple hands, going out and coming back in. They seem to change it weekly but its good to be on top of it.
4	This was my first time staying off strip, and needless to say, I was very impressed. Unfortunately the trip got off on a bad start here, but the manager was nice enough to accomodate and try to remedy the situation. We checked in around 5:30 and was told that our rooms were not ready yet. Hm.... interesting. Considering that check in was between 3pm and 6pm, and it was half an hour from 6... someone in logistics was probably going to lose his job. We weren't happy at all with their suggestion that it was going to be an hour+ wait at least for them to clean our room. Not too happy with that, but in the end, with the food/drink credit and tuxedo chocolate covered strawberries that were sent to our room, I was in a happy place. The resort is fairly new, but has the decor of the old school "western-ish" style. The best part of this place, was by far the pool area. I really really enjoyed the huge HUGE beds that were placed around the lounge and pool area for you to lay out on. Came with a ton of fluffy pillows too!!Great place to play, bet minimums were low and the food was good and cheap. It was a great combination - the luxury of new Vegas, but with old school prices!
5	This place is everything at the same time --- hip, cool, comfy and casual.  We used to watch the show that featured the Green Valley Ranch, I think it was called, "American Casino."  In fact, we recognized quite a few employees from the show. Anyhow, when my husband had to travel here for a conference the rest of the family tagged along.  The rooms were spacious and beautiful. The kids enjoyed the huge pool, the comfy soft beds and the chocolate chip pancakes at the Original Pancake House. This was a very easy place to stay with kids.  The staff was very nice and accomodating. We felt spoiled! There were also lots of things to do with the kids--many within walking distance too!  The nearby shopping plaza had outdoor music,  there was a chocolate factory tour a short distance away and the most fun of all, the hotel beach/pool.  A great time was had by all!Check 'em out at:http://www.greenvalleyranchresort.com/
5	All the luxury you crave when in Vegas without the heart stopping bill.   Why bother going into Vegas when you can have all the glamour right here in Henderson without all the crowds?Whether I am staying here or not, the buffet here is the first and last place I hit when going to Vegas.I can not say enough good things about this buffet.  REALLY!  I am a buffet snob.  I love buffets but I hate canned crap.  I want great food and lots of it.  I am indesisive so buffets are my style.This one is HUGE.  About 2000 sq feet of just food, the dining area adds another 2000 sq. feet.  Assuming it is dinner time we will be Starting on the right where we begin with Asian fare; all the most popular dishes (about 12).  Next is the Mongolian BBQ style area, pick your meats and veggies and the chef whips them up in front of you.  Move on over to the Mexican food area for about a half dozen of your most popular dishes including hand made tortillas at the taco bar, enchiladas, chile realleno, etc.  Now, we venture over to Italian (about 6 entrees plus pizza), my son's fav is next; seafood.  I think they outdo themselves here.  The obligatory fried and breaded white fish & chips & fried shrimp are out shone by stuffed mussells, shrimp scampi, stuffed blue crab and salmon filets.  My brother opts for the Prime rib sliced to order.  Want it thick rather than wafer thin?  No prob.  He had his 1/2 inch thick.  On a diet?  Have the roast turkey or ham followed up or proceded by the gargantuan salad bar.  Nothing canned here, all fresh.  Trying to keep Kosher?  They have a small section of that also.End your meal in the seperate dessert area complete with a large selection of sugar free dessert in addition to the kid's favorite; the sundae bar and soft serve ice cream.  I'll have some cheese cake please.After the stomach numbing gorge at the buffet, mosey on over to the casino and shuffle off the kiddies to the great play area (arcade) and movie theatre.  A three story shopping mall attaches to the resort so while you play golf or gamble the wife and young'ns can be out of your hair.  Or, send your better half off to thier amazing spa for some r & r.If you chose to stay here (highly recommended):Every room is luxuriously appointed with down comforters, down pillows and fiber filled ones too, comfy terry cloth robes (just in case you forgot yours) and exceptional free goodies in additon to some unusual pay as you use em stuff.  The bathrooms are like a private spa with overlarge seperate tubs and showers.  Even the potty has it's own little room complete with a phone.The entire place is decorated in antique reproduction furniture with plenty of marble and decorative wrought iron.  It all comes together for a warm and friendly experience worth repeating over and over again!
5	Went here with all my coworkers for a company offsite. The property is beautiful and it's also right next to this outdoor mall (convenient!)Loved it!
1	Never again....I have tried this place twice now.  First time was a NYE party and now just to hang out and gamble.  Each time sucked!  I got suckered into bottle service for 500 bones and now just dropped 100 bucks at keno.  What a complete waste of time.  Also, why didn't anyone tell me there was a freakin loer yuppie convention in town???
4	I like the Casino. It is clean and they have a non-smoking section. They have a nice variety of slots and other coin-op games.The only restaurant I've been to was the Fatburger where the prices are the same as outside of the casino. They also have Villa Pizza, Wing Stop, a buffet, and a Pancake House. Pancake House is a dependable chain so it's probably good in the casino too.The casino also has a movie theater downstairs and outside the casino are various stores and restaurants.
2	Poker Room Review:Great room to play.  Enough tables and people to make it lively but not so  much to suffocate.  The cocktail waitresses were attentive and frequently came back to check on us.  It's definitely a nice stop before heading out to the Whiskey Bar.Now the locals playing here were a different story.  Well, there was only one annoying dude.For the most part, locals like to play just to play.  I know this sounds naive but the truth is if locals wanted to make some real money they'd probably go play on the strip and work the tourists (unless they work for one of the big casinos that is).Anyway, there was this dude bent on winning millions at a 2-4 table.  2-4 is by very definition a starters table or just wanted kill some time table.  It is not the win it big and retire tournament table.Here's the hand that typified this guy's disillusionment:Dude:  I got aces so I'm going to raises $2 (this is after after the flop and with only $8 in the pot)Most people fold because who bluffs at a 2-4 table?My Friend: I'll pay to see that (calls the $2 bet)Fourth street come outDude: I think my aces are going to hold.  Raise $4.My friend call $4 again.River on board.Dude: This pot is mine.  Raise another $4.My Friend: All I got is nines, but I'll call your $4.The dude had king high.  My friend did have pocket nines.Total amount of the pot: $28Amount dude put in: $12Looking like a jackass: free.
3	Overall, this is a fine resort with a couple of gotchas.  And although I've only given it three stars, I would seriously consider staying here again.My initial impression of Green Valley Ranch is not a good one.  We regretfully did not read reviews of the resort here on yelp until the morning we left.  This is when we discovered that the GVR shuttle service should be spelled with an 'i' where the 'u' goes in the word 'shuttle'.  We arrived the same night as the Country Music Awards and some major commercial real-estate convention was in town.  Transportation was difficult to come by, but we lucked into a town car.  There is no GVR shuttle past 9 PM.Now, just to show I don't endlessly complain, I'm going to tell GVR how to fix their shuttle service.  So, random GVR drone, when you come to read the reviews on yelp and discover that you have two negative reviews because your guests don't like their fellow patrons, a persecuted teenager, a woman with what seems like something akin to a serious beef with GVR, and damn near every positive review mentions your "shuttle" "service", take heed and book a stay at the Hotel Del Coronado in San Diego.  I honeymooned there a couple of years ago, and while the Hotel Del does a lot of things I rather they wouldn't do (nickel and diming takes on a whole new meaning there), they will come get you from the airport.  For a fee, of course, because everything there comes with a fee.  Except, oddly, the wi-fi, which we'll get to later in the case of GVR.Now, if GVR were to have a couple or four vans to take people and their luggage to and from the airport for a modest per-person fee, I'm thinking more than a few people might utilize the service.  I think you would quite likely turn a good profit on the service.One of the most annoying things about the shuttle was that the front-desk staff seemed to be genuinely surprised when I informed them that GVR's shuttle was next to worthless.  I wonder if they've ever tried to use it.Speaking of the desk staff, I want to point out to every future guest that reads this review that there is no such thing in the hospitality industry as 'reserved'.  Hoteliers are notoriously greedy -- there's a song in the Les Miserables musical that isn't so much satire as it is methodology, and this is demonstrated in spades in the affinity hotel staff, particulary those at GVR, have of telling you that you indeed have a room with a certain bed configuration waiting for your arrival, when in fact, they could care less.  My wife does not appreciate being lied to, GVR.  If you can't reserve a particular thing for us, say so.Almost everything else at GVR went off without a hitch.  We ate at Feast (their buffet), the Grand Cafe (open all night) and the Original Pancake House.  We also ate several catered meals.  All of the food was excellent, but some of the waitstaff for the catered events frequently seemed overwhelmed by their duties.  The people I met working the bar (Joe and Tiffany, if I recall correctly) at the Grand Cafe were the best that GVR has to offer, hands down.  Incidentally, the Grand Cafe's breakfasts tend to run cheaper than the Original Pancake House's.We sat by the pool for part of the last full day there.  It was hard to schedule pool time with my wife, who was sitting in traning sessions in the Estancia ballrooms all day, because the pool closes at 6 PM.  This seems arbitrarily early, and appears to me to be more likely as a tactic to drive people into the casino in the evening.  I'm not impressed.  Be the resort -- keep it open until at least 7 PM at least in the warmer months.  I can't imagine that will ever happen though, because of the greed mentioned above and because of the casino acting upon that greed.Speaking about greed, let's mention the casino.  My only gripe about the casino is this:  Nevada law says that I can't take my 4 month old son in the gaming area.  I have no problem with this, especially as there are handy maps posted with marked walkways that children can walk along.  The problem is that the casino manager has decided that those walkways would be excellent places to put slot machines!  Dumb, just dumb.  It's never, ever, a good idea into forcing your patrons to be lawbreakers.Finally, why do I have to pay thirteen bucks a day for internet?  There's a Panera right over there, and their wi-fi is free.  Making hotel guests in a hotel this expensive pay for wi-fi is just plain dumb.The beds are comfy.  I don't do hard beds, but that one was quite nice.  The bathroom was spacious and luxurious.  Everything was well-maintained and clean.  The housekeeping staff was always very courteous and helpful.Bottom line: be aware that GVR's management's interests are not necessisarily yours.  They do provide a good room, great food and nice accommodations.  The shopping area outside is nice.  It's a good place to go if you don't expect too much from your high-priced megaresort.
4	Let's "name drop" for a moment - Bill Clinton, former president of the UNITED STATES. Vince Neil, former lead singer of MOTLEY CRUE. These guys have been at the hotel while I was there - need I say more? It should tell you that this place is for everyone, whether world leader or rock legend (or even me).My highlight list:- Small, comfortable casino- Irish pub- Nice rooms- Great pool area- Classy joint- Reasonably pricedThis is a really nice example of one of the Station casino properties located some 10 minutes from McCarren airport & the Las Vegas strip.This & other Station properties are very generous with offering discounted or free room accommodations if they know who you are, so remember to always use your Players Card.
4	Stumbled upon this after a trying out the Westin (almost on the strip) and was very disappointed with the property; staff were great and apologetic...but I need running water (long story...another time) when I vacation and the Westin was having none of that...so I yelped the Green Valley on my mobile....smartest move EVER.Great place to stay...super friendly staff...with lots of recommendations on where to go...which I find important especially when I go to Vegas.I don't really get into the whole Vegas 'let's go to a buffet' scene and the buffet here was pretty underwhelming...although my wife loved it and she tends to be pretty picky about the food situation.  Should warn you that I am not the typical person who wants to go to Vegas and get stone hammered every night...so found the off strip location perfect for me.  Drove to the Strip in 10 minutes..shuttle is pretty flaky so wouldn't really count on it...were I you.Grounds are gorgeous and you do get a whole different (read more pleasant less inebriated) vibe staying here.  The pools are fantastic; they had live music one night when stayed there.  They have an "adult"  pool area that is cordoned off from the rest of the property and it lived up to its rep.Best part is that they are very pooch friendly...to the point that I was offered 2 extra bottled water/day to make sure HE stayed hydrated.One weird thing I never figured out...they have a mini vineyard?!?! on site...but nobody knows anything about...not sure how it will taste now that Blizz has 'watered' those vines though...so stay away from any 08 vintage they eventually produce.
4	I had such an incredible, relaxing weekend at the Green Valley Ranch.  The large, sprawling complex was beautiful. The room was spacious, with a great view of the Strip and of the gardens.  The complex contained several fantastic restaurants (loved the huevos rancheros at the Grand Cafe and the Swedish Pancakes at the Original Pancake House) and the staff was so nice and accommodating.  And the pool area...wow!  Big lounge "beds" are scattered all over the grounds and a sandy beach right there at the edge of the main pool.  Plus they have this secluded, walled-in area called The Pond.   It was such an oasis. A shallow wading pool with a waterfall, several lounge beds that were actually in the pool, a ring of beds around the pool...and misters everywhere.  The misters cool everything down and make it absolutely impossible to want to leave your poolside bed.  I could have lounged for hours!  On the downside, the Green Valley Ranch is a pretty good distance away from the Vegas Strip.  I overheard mutterings of $30 cab rides.  Luckily we were there to visit family friends who happily shuttled us around.
5	I grew up in Green Valley and used to frequent the movie theater but the first time I stayed here was right after college graduation in 2003 and now I won't stay anywhere else. The rooms are elegant and comfortable. I love the fact that they have plush bathrobes, slippers, a nice vanity, a full wet bar, a Bose alarm clock radio with custom loungey CD mix... everything I could want, really. The bathtub is nice & comfortable and I love hotels with toilets separate from showers but the best thing about the bathroom is the television speakers so you don't miss what's going on in the suite. Love, love, love it. Front desk, door service, and valet have always been fantastically polite and accommodating. Aside from the time the concierge almost sent me to the Fashion Show Mall for an Apple Store when there was one 10 minutes away. One of the better ventilated casinos in Vegas and I never come home without visiting the District-- a great addition to the Ranch.
4	we stayed there for the fourth of July and we had a great time... the pond was great a really nice place to chill and hang out loved the seating arrangements although i would recommend going early because the seats get full quickly...the pond is 21 and over and you can take off your top so be ware of TITTIES and we seen a couple of pairs each day.. the rooms were very nice clean although the housekeepers were stalkers they kept knocking at our door for random things like water.. robes etc..  the whiskey river is a nice place but it never seemed to get crowded.. and the casino was nice.. I would defiantly go back.
5	STAAAAYYY HEEERRE!!!!!!!Beautiful property!!! I stayed in the "cheap rooms" being the one on the ground floor with a view of the parking garage... haha... The room was really nice though... Very spacious bad room, and the bathroom was as nice as some of the "deluxe suite" bathrooms I have seen in other hotels... Pretty descent casino floor... LOTS of slots and a good amount of tables... looked like a nice poker room when i walked by, same as the high stakes room... Ate at most of the restaurants inside, and they were all top notch... and fatburger is so tasty at 5 am stumbling back to your room after a hard day and then hard night of drinking :DPROS:     *Everything (haha)     * Excellent staff     * Very comfortable rooms (bathrooms are gorgeous)     * Reasonable room rates (stayed Sunday - Wednesday at 90$ a night)     * Day Spa service is included in room rate... nice...     * Pools are amazing (both euro style (topless / salt water) and traditional pool - sandy beach included)     * Grounds are very well groomed (they have their own vineyard!! we ate some fresh grapes right off the vine)     * Surprisingly there were a lot of families staying there... nice to get to Vegas without the XXX shoved in your face all the timeCONS:     * $25-$30 cab ride to the strip (shuttles are offered, but don't run too frequently)     * XXX isn't shoved in your face all the time ;)I don't think I will go back to Las Vegas and NOT stay here... it's worth it!!!
4	My parents, BF and I stayed here over Labor Day weekend. My mom had stayed here previously and loved it. It's a very nice, well kept hotel, but I was a little let down because I LOVE Red Rock and was hoping for the same. While Red Rock is all modern and chic, Green Valley is going for more of a French countryside theme - as can be witnessed by their mini vineyard and antique replicas. The rooms were very nice and comfortable and I thought the housekeepers did an outstanding job. I love the turndown service and how they bring you bottles of water and ice at night. I know, no one comes to Vegas to watch TV, but they could update their rooms a little with flat screens. It would make the room seem even more spacious. I took my bf to the spa for a couples massage for his birthday present. The spa is super nice and luxurious. They have a private lap pool and indoor jacuzzi for spa guests. We also spent sometime at the regular pool. It was a little on the small side, but I really like the cushioned lounges. As for the casion, the Bf loved the fact that they had $5 blackjack and I liked that even though it was Labor Day, there were tons of slot machines to choose from. Too bad none of them gave me the jackpot! I would gladly come back to Green Valley anytime, especially if someone else is paying!
4	The casino by my house. Reasons why I love it: 1. Gaming is great, tons of machines, nice poker room, etc. Limits are a tad high, hence why not 5 stars.2. Sports book! They make lines that places on the strip won't even make. Huge, tons of comfy seating, awesome contests, etc.3. Food.. food court with healthy options (tropical smoothie), and an Original Pancake house! The line is never that long at Original Pancake house and this place is top knotch.. never smokey!4. Shopping (at the District) and a nice movie theater. You can truly spend an evening at GVR doing no gambling and still have a blast.5. Bars.. Irish bar, cover band bar, Drop bar, tons of options for hanging out.I love this place because it's nice and has the ambience of a strip casino without the attitude and ridiculous prices. There are many cheap dining options and the staff is great. They also have much better promotions and whatnot for low rollers.
5	This review is only for the spa, since I didn't experience the rest of the resort. I had called in the morning to make a same-day appointment, thinking I wouldn't be able to get anything. Turns out that they had availability, limited for a female therapist, but if you wanted male, well, heck, anytime you want! So me, being all for equality, scheduled up with a dude (they have bigger hands and are stronger anyway) for 1:00 pm. Well, after dropping off the friend-golfers at a nearby course, I moseyed over there early intending to pool-lounge for a bit prior to my appointment. Valet was easy enough, and freee! You just go through the lobby straight out to the back doors towards the spa. It was to the left side of the beach-pool and tucked in its own little corner of the resort. I guess I went to the main and asked if I could change my treatment. Now, first thing I noticed right off the bat is that you don't really get the warm fuzzies from the people here. The girl at the desk was nice enough, but faux nice. She wasn't rude, but she couldn't even fake it that well. She let me change my appointment and I even was able to move it up. Sweet deal since most places are pretty strict on not changing treatments too last-minute. The cancellation policy was within 8 hours, so when I made my appointment that morning, there was no option of cancelling. She showed me to the other check-in area in the adjoining building (I didn't really understand what was going on here. I think I entered through the salon and not the spa. I dunno.). They told me to go down the steps, where I picked up my key and the girl showed me to the facilities and my locker. I just thought it was weird the front desk girl didn't walk me to the key pick-up area.The women's locker area was nice and just the right size. I hate the ones where there are a million turns and you get lost going from the shower to the toilet to the spa. The lockers were big and also included a safe for your valuables. Bonus about this place is that if you use the spa, you have access to an exclusive lap pool with cabanas. Nice if you want to stay away from the rug rats at the main pool. I ended up reading there and snoozing for about 45 minutes. TJ was my male massager (sounds enticing, huh) and I told him I wish I had signed up for the hydrotherapy wrap instead of the scrub and rub. And he said that he could do it. I was totally surprised since sometimes they frown upon last-last-minute changes, but he took a couple of minutes to change up the room and was ready to go. I think this is one of the best treatments I've ever gotten. He gently scrubbed me down first with a cream-type scrub, not the harsh, dry sugar kind. That was combined with a massage. Then I rinsed off in the shower, and he put this populys, honey-based cream on me, wrapped me up like a burrito and I snoozed for about 20 minutes. It was great. After that, he rubbed me down with some lotion, gave me a neck and head massage and I felt like I was having an out-of-body experience. After that, I tried their TurboSonic machine which vibrates and shakes all the impurities or whatever out of your body. It was interesting. I kind of lounged around. 80 minutes for $190 plus 10% tip, and four hours later I was a happy woman. I'm definitely going back. I would give it four and a half stars for the lack of warm fuzzies.
5	This is one of my all time favorite places to stay in Las Vegas, well Henderson technically but for an out of town-er its still Vegas. This place is posh but not over the top. The front desk/lobby area is gorgeous. I love the mission style and the decor, so classy. I also love the rooms, we've been lucky to get rooms that face the pool and/or strip view. Everything in the room exudes elegance, the bathroom is pretty with the tile and the fancy toiletries. The bed is super comfy, you never want to get up. I also like the set up of the rooms because its on the opposite end of the casino and other places so it feels like you are staying at a fancy hotel. The Green Valley Ranch area has really grown over the years, now they have the district area with many shops, reminds me of the Promenade in Santa Monica. There is also a new shopping area across the street with Whole Foods and a Coach store. I love staying here but sadly its not an affordable option, especially on the weekends. I guess ever since they had the American Casino show filmed here they have become too popular. Oh well.
4	Great hotel! I love the rooms, the nature themes, the fun sand pool, dining outdoors... This place is seriously nice. Unfortunately, its REALLY far from the strip. Like $40 each way kind of far. Which realistically does not fly for anyone who actually wants to party in Vegas and hopes to hook up. I like to stay where the action is and this place is absolutely dead in the evenings. I did the whole spa treatment here too-- my massage was heaven. There was good shopping in the area too. Again, for gluttons who want to get away. If you want to go to Vegas but reject the whole concept of the strip, try Green Valley. It's pretty sweet. If you have a pulse however, you may want to opt for something else.
4	Super nice property! Awesome pool, great restaurants, excellent workout facility with spa, plus great shopping next door. There's more than enough things to keep you busy here. Alot of amenities for the price and much more affordable than comparable properties on the Strip. I would give it a 5 but a non-smoking room is a bit of a misnomer. We had to change rooms twice before we truly had a non-smoking room (one that didn't reek of smoke). Rooms are super nice and the staff was vey helpful and accomodating. Overall would highly recommend this place.
4	We end up here once every visit to the folks. We just use the hotel for their buffet but it is good. Not the best in the state but definitely worth repeat visits. Being off the strip it is cheaper than some hotels but still boosts a huge selection of goodies to choose from.If you are looking for Vegas style fun, this is really not the place to be but you can come here for a more subdued experience of the Vegas life. There is a lot of room to play on the different machines and the place is clean and big. Just as fancy as on the strip but without the price tags to match.
4	Hey, those GVR people must have read my review, because it looks like the rooms have been remodeled since the last time I was here. The hotel hallways look a lot chicer with dark walls and abstract patterned carpets. The rooms also got a makeover and the armoire with the tv has been replaced by a set of drawers with a big flat screen. The place is looking better than ever!
5	This review is for the Spa at GVR...It was amazing.  They now offer 20% off 7 days a week for vegas residents.  The massage was amazing.  I had Jodi, and she was awesome!  It was relaxing, and perfect.  The only thing i would have hoped of more for was more co-ed stuff.  They only had 1 jacuzzi where i could hang out with my boyfriend before/after our massages.
4	living just down the street we end up there a lot, nice casino, the theater is good, not great, and the food is decent, but the district is just outside with lots of great food choices.
5	THIS REVIEW IS FOR THE BAD ASS POOL ONLY!!!!! (You have been for warned) - PROS - - Big beds (king size?) with lots of pillows to catch rays on! Some covered with TVs and ceiling fans in em! oh yeah. My fav beds are the ones in the middle of the pool area. Under the rows of palms. Lotsa pillows! REALLY great music played from speakers over head in palms. Lg. teak lounge chairs w/ cushions to, ya know LOUNGE!! Cocktail servers that are fast and friendly! Yay! Chic pool and sandy beach w/ lounges you can drag in the water w/ sandy floor. Water pads you can lay on lounges in like 6 ins of water - in the pool! Very cool bar! Air conditioned. Sells sunscreen and glasses! Great menu w/ yummy salads, wraps, frozen grape bowls, hagen-daz bars, nachos like no other! REALLY soft stripped personal cushion lounge beds right along the pool. Beautiful girls! They hand out summer passes to Hooter girls, show girls, strippers. Straight up hot bitches. Located next to spa. Great lush landscaping. Misters in all the trees and cabanas. CONS Cabanas are over priced and over rated! Far from main pool. Much smaller and slimmer "VIP" pools. Did I mention its a waste of $$$? Sometimes the towel girls can be bitchy (must be the heat). They have outdoor concerts and events at night that rock! I saw LL Cool J in a summer concert here! It was soooo good! The stage was over the pool and their were people in bathing suits, dresses, pants! LL looked and sounded AMAZING!! They pour heavy on the alcohol and security is pretty calm. They were very 420 friendly and didn't hassle me and my GF (who was waaaassssttted!!) If i could give it 10 stars - I would! Many great memories were made here by me and my girls! Its been too long - must go back asap!
3	good place to lay your weary head if you do not want the hustle and bustle of  a regular casino hotel. nice huge pool area with zen type decor and bar.pricey...pricey ...pricey...not recommended for people who would like the strip traffic coz this place is far from it and would require a car.nice to experience once .
5	Took the GF here last weekend for her birthday. This is my new favorite place in Vegas. Not the party pool scene like some places in Vegas, but if you are looking to just relax it is great. Thanks to one of the previous Yelp reviewers for mentioning the pool at the fitness club. I don't think most guests realize this pool is even on the property. It is bigger, cleaner, no kids, and very quite with beds for louging. The also have drink and food service from the bar up here. The pool bar food was better than I expected. The steam room is also awesome. The main pool was too full of kids and loud. We went to the Pond one afternoon, and while it is very small, it is a pretty good place to post-up if you want to party.Our room was very nice with a pool view...we received an upgrade since our room still wasn't ready. I love the casino here because it is never too crowded and not overly smokey. The table limits for Blackjack and Pai Gow is only $5. All the dealers were nice, as were the front desk folks.Hank's Steak House also has a martini happy hour 7 days a week from 5 -7. Very good martinis. The strip is only a $30 cab ride, but everything you need is on property, or very close. We walked over to the Cheesecake Factory one night for dinner. Befoer we even left the hotel we were looking for a good weekend to come back.
5	We have stayed here a few times but the most recent stay was for 10 days and this place takes care of you!  This place is wonderful as you don't feel like you are in Vegas let along at a casino! The pools and fitness/spa area is the best! With shopping and theater's right outside and great eateries all around; what a perfect place to stay! I am a Crap's player and enjoy playing here! You will not be disappointed when you stay here...check it out get away from the strip and enjoy Vegas!
3	Cons...1. We reserved a King and they gave it away, gave us a 2 queen room instead. 2. Water pressure sucked in the shower and only big enough for one3. All the restaraunt's in the Casino closed at 10pm except for Fatburger4. Would not honor an early checkout, was not able to lay by the pool on our last day there.5. Desk staff not overly friendly Pros...1. GORGEOUS hotel and rooms!2. Beautiful pools3. Offrering 2 nights for the price of one on the internet.4. Off the strip and it was nice and quietOverall, not sure I would stay again. They could have cared less that we had to change rooms after checking in. No upgrade offered. Not very friendly and I feel funny about giving people like that money :)
5	I go to Vegas fairly frequently to visit family, attend weddings/bachelor parties, and collect samples for my sand collection.  The Strip is cool, and if you are visiting Vegas for the first time you must stay somewhere on Strip.  If you want something more mellow, consider Green Valley.Two of my friends friends got hitched at the resort  and I stayed in the hotel.  Amazingly, the king I requested was actually there waiting for me. So rare these days.  Service was perfect from the start.  They had me settled in my room in no time, which was great.  The rooms are very nice, the bathrooms large and nicely appointed.  The spa is a big winner.  You can use it as part of your hotel reservation.  I love that spa.  I hate to be the guy who talks about how great his steam was, but there it is.  I had a kick-ass steam.  There, I said it.  Get steamed up, cool off in the whirlpool, shave, shower, and watch a little women's softball.  Pretty nice.From my perspective, the hotel knew how to handle a wedding, too.  They held it on the Grand Staircase and it was very beautiful and went smoothly.  I wept, then went and took another steam.
4	The Good...1. GORGEOUS hotel, pools and rooms!2. We stayed for free with casino offer3.  Our room requests were honored4. Everyone was friendly and helpful5. Original Pancake House6. Coffee maker in the roomThe Bad1. Shower was very small 2. It was confusing to find the actual hotel3. There was only one valet guy working most of the time we were there4. Machines were tight (or at least we didn't win here)Tim loved this place and I thought it was okay.  We would stay again if we were trying to have a few relaxing days while in Vegas.
4	This is a nice hotel, but not necessarily one of my favorites.  I stayed here because they host a ballroom competition.  I think the rooms in the West Tower are nicer than the ones in the East Tower.  I preferred the color scheme and decor in the West Tower (browns and blues and more contemporary) over the decor in the East Tower (yellows, browns, drabby colors and very ornately Italian/Mediterranean).  The rooms were nice and big.  I like that the hotel itself isn't too big, so it doesn't take forever to walk from different areas.  Also, it wasn't overly smoky which was nice.  But maybe that's because it wasn't very crowded.  Tthere are movie theaters in the hotel and shopping (The District) within walking distance.  I ate at the buffet every day that I stayed there because I got a room deal that included free buffet and movie tickets.  I'll be back next year, but mainly for the ballroom competition.
2	A nice hotel and ok staff, but being a local i'm kind of disappointed this is the closest casino to me.  I play poker for a living, so on my day off i like to gamble (LOL) and have a few beers.  Anyways, I don't drink and drive so if I don't have a buddy driving, i may come here on a day off and kill some time if we're gonna drink then cab it back.Anyways, the place just seems dead most of the time.  The sister property (Red Rock) is much funner and nicer, but it's a hike to get there...and the M is nicer as well Never stayed in the rooms so I can't comment there
5	I love this place! Great luxury rooms - very clean, nice pool with man made beach for the kids. I especially love the reggae band that played on Saturdays. FUN, FUN, FUN! A little over priced, but well worth it!
4	My wife and I stayed here, and were impressed. As someone who has stayed exclusively on the Strip during every other Vegas stay I was apprehensive about staying this far out. The rooms are fantastic. They are large and well appointed. The casino was was well laid out. I play craps and there were plenty of tables at very reasonable mins. The pool was great lots of seating with attentive waitstaff. I was surprised at the amount of kids on the property i was not aware this was family oriented. Still a very wonderful experience.
4	Great off the strip place to stay at. Rooms are quiet, spacious, comfy and very reasonably priced although you'll want to note that they tack on a $25/day for resort hotel fee. Guessing it's for the "free" wireless, pool use etc??Awesome pool and really regal looking property. The pool beds are so comfy and nice to sunbath on. The staff- so so. A mix of jaded and hard workers. Last time I was here I got lost trying to find my room (the layout is really weird and kinda annoying) I asked a worker they pretended to know and pointed me in the completely wrong direction. This time I asked a housekeeper member a basic question about towels at the pool "I don't know, never been there".Casino is nice enough. Though as another reviewer wrote "casino is tight" so are the tables. They haven't treated me so nice (yes, I'm on day two of three at the hotel still). I'm hoping it will change around. If not the I'll be at the Palms on day 4. Yes, yes I jump around alot in Vegas.The Sushi place is A-ok. A lil overprice, not exciting or very good quality sushi. I got a thing against sushi being served anything but slightly chilled. The Pancake House, YUM! Great breakfast and lunch items for regular prices. Anything you want breakfastwise. Including some new stuff like Bacon Waffles or Pancakes. Not my thing but a friend of mines says they're bomb.NEWAYS...I prob should go enjoy the premises. I guess Yelp has become serious part of my life...uh oh!
4	I had a great time at this resort. I wasn't really looking for the whole "vegas experience" like I normally am... I just wanted to get away for a while and this proved to be the perfect place for just that. I didn't even have to leave the resort for the three days I was there. It is right across the street from a whole foods and the district is a little street of shopping and dining with just about everything you could need.The rooms are fairly spacious. They have a bath tub as well as a glass stand up shower (which is almost necessary for me because I hate tub showers). I also had a balcony which was large and great. The only downside was I didn't have much of a view but the balcony was nice nonetheless.There are about 7 restaurants and a food court to keep you satisfied. All thatI ate at were delicious. I also scored a bit in the high limit room on video poker so it's good to know that machines pay out every now and again.The only downside I would say is when checking in they always seem to say those rooms are full but they do have a suite available. I am convinced they try to force you into upgrading or else you can't check in until after 4, because sometimes if you pester them enough, something magically opens up all of a sudden.
4	After having been to the spa, I wanted to check out the resort part of Green Valley Ranch (GVR) and decided to stay here after seeing a "Dinner and Movie" package, which started at $95 on a weeknight and $130 on weekends. It's a great deal because in those prices you get two buffet entries ($40 value), 2 Regal Cinema movie tickets ($13 value), and buy 1 get 1 free drinks at their Drop bar, for each night you stay. I like this place because it's only 8 miles off the strip, and it really feels like you're on vacation. I really wanted to give GVR five stars, but I just couldn't because the shower pressure totally sucked. I called and they sent engineering right away. He said he couldn't do much because the water-saving shower heads were like that. So change the heads! Beds were nice, room was comfortable and the pool was really big, with separate pools for adults, and a long lounge-like one up top by the cabanas. I have no idea if you had to reserve those or not, but we had gone up there to just hang out since it was quieter.Overall, a great experience for a quick weekend trip to Vegas.
1	This may be an older great hotel for an off strip location but avoid the Thanksgiving Brunch.  I know more professional reviewers have it on their top 10 buffets for Thanksgiving but after waiting 3 hours in line for their buffet, it was sooo not worth it.  What is a "bright" point is their "international" food offerings (basic Italian and Asian food) during the holiday but for the traditional stuff, nothing spectacular.  My fiance and I wished we had gone to M (see my review of this place) or just anywhere else.  The turkey and stuffing were just so so.  They do offer a wide variety of desserts but other than the price, I just don't see the point. Save yourself from this place on Thanksgiving.  It's not worthy of the hours spent in line.
2	I can comment only on casino because that's all I visited....went to place sports book bets and bet $100 and immediately after I made last bet showed Station players club....clerk said she wouldn't take it...I said I just forgot it for a second....she said no because system won't accept....I said I wanted to cancel bets and try again....immediately...she said it couldn't be done.....LAME. I don't see how it can't be done....simple void the tickets immediately which I tried to do.   I went someplace else for a while....returned later in the evening to cash bets....and did not spend another dime there.  Probably should not have bothered with players club because with 5,000 points you only get $5 off Fatburger or whatever
5	Best kept secret in las Vegas for crabs. Customized to your liking they cook up your crabs with some secret house spices that'll fill your taste buds with Cajun flavors and garlic butter. Mmmmmm. Yelpers don't all come at once. I don't want this place to get the idea of lowering their quality for the masses. I'm waiting for my crab as I draft this review. Check out my pix to see what I see right now. You can also add the fresh shrimp into your custom dish.$23 after tax for Brunch on a Sunday. Great for us crab eaters. I have no idea what the other stuff tastes like.
4	The GVR resort and casino is probably one of the top casinos in all of Vegas.  People will call it a "local" resort but with the great shopping and dinning options at the district @ GVR it is without any doubt a place to make a part of your Vegas adventure.
4	We stayed at GVR; only because we had our dog with us - GVR accepts pets, albeit with a $100 per stay charge.  You've read all of the cons about cab rides to the strip being expensive, lack of excitement, etc that are all true - but these may also be good things depending on the type of Vegas you're looking for.Hey, if you're looking to hook up, people watch, or tear it up every night then GVR isn't the place for you.  If you're looking for a relaxing get-away in a serene environment with a great pool & spa, then do consider GVR.  My wife and I go to Vegas at least four times per year (staying at strip hotels) and really liked the laid back off-strip concept.  The restaurants were good, the spa excellent, and overall about 30% cheaper than similar strip offerings. Oh, and our dog had a great time too.  Lots of places to go for walks, and they have a dedicated doggy-do area too.  This was a VERY different Vegas vacation for us - but we really liked it.
5	Our family of 5 (2 adults and 3 kids) stayed at GVR as the final leg of our Spring Break.  After being in cold weather in Flagstaff and Grand Canyon, we were happy to be back to warm weather!  We booked the room from Hotwire for $87 (hotel then charged a resort fee of $25, this becoming annoyingly typical).  The room  was very roomy and comfortable for the 5 of us.  It's elegantly decorated and we had a view of the pool which the kids couldn't wait to get into.  When you check in, they give the kids buckets and shovels so they can play at the pool's 'beach.'  This was a real hit with our children. We had dinner at the Feast buffet.  As other reviewer mentioned, the crab and the option of having it cooked up with their special seasoning was a great treat.  The dessert spread was typical of any buffet, nothing really special.  However, they served gelato!  There were about 6 flavors.  My espresso gelato was yummy. I wish we had more time to spend here.  Our family would definitely be back again as another option to staying on the strip.
1	I won't bore you with details of why it's a one star - other than - our car was broken into and the security staff blamed us - FOR PARKING THERE!My time is more valuable than to trash them in this forum.  It's a -5 stars from us.  Visit at your own risk.PS - Management is aware of the security staff screw up.  They apologized but in no way offered to cover any damages.  An apology does not make up for "being raped after being raped" - a direct quote from the hotel VP.
4	OK, we all know that Green Valley is the best casino in Henderson!  No question about that - I think that it is almost a 5 star (our ratings here) but I have to reserve that rating for Bellagio and Wynn.  When I am in a casino, I am in Green Valley Ranch Casino...its very nice and the FOOD in ALL the restaurants is just so good.  You can never go wrong having dinner in the casino - ever!  Go and enjoy.
3	Run of the mill corporate casino WAAAAY off the strip. Had brunch here for around $20 dollars.  It was pretty good.Shot dice for 3 minutes, hit two points and left. Paid for brunch.
4	I spent the past week at a conference at Green Valley Ranch.  Their banquet & catering staff did an awesome job.  The rooms were very clean and the A/V equipment was top notch.The lunches we had during the conference were spectacular.  I don't eat fish, so when they served Salmon for lunch on Day 1 I asked for an alternative dish.  They quickly threw together a grilled vegetable dish that was ridiculously good.  I would have paid for it!  Then there are the desserts..........soooo good!  (see pics)I don't come to Green Valley Ranch often since it's in Egypt from where I live....but when I do, it's a great experience.Will I come back?  If I come back to Egypt, of course!
3	One of the good things about ths place is there's a movie theatre's down stairs with an arcade so it's good to bring the kids so they can have fun too.  My younger sister (19yrs) can't play in the casino just yet, but I hate to leave her out of things whenever we go to Vegas, so we mainly come here so she can go watch movies with my kids.The Casino itself is OK.  Nothing really spectacular.  The gift shops can use some work. I Like the little Mini-Food court, FATSO burger is the best (I think that's what it was called).
5	Wow! What can I say, this is the place to go in Vegas if you are looking for some rest and relaxation away from the Strip, but not too far away where you can easily get to the strip when you want to go.. They have the top rated Spa in all of Las Vegas, the nicest cleanest rooms with doorbells on them even and do not disturb button or please clean room bottom that you can just push when you need one of those things. I would highly recommend using your players club card so you can get the casino rate or even a complimentary room... The staff is super nice and friendly and take care of all your needs. They have several bars there, one near the pool and has some neat couches that you could sit on with silk covering them or you can relax outside by the pool with your drink.. They also have the district where you can go shopping conveniently located next door and many fast food restaurants where you can eat or high end or other restaurants priced in the middle.. I have been there many times and have never been disappointed!!
4	This was the first time I have stayed in a room there.  I have visited many times for concerts and poker and to eat at the OPH.  I enjoyed my visit, and was aware of the 25 resort fee added.  I didn't enjoy the checkout procedure pertaining to late check out.  Asking someone for more money to keep the room longer is ridiculous.  I would stay again, but again it would have to be at a reduced room rate.  I believe our room was 62 per night plus the 25 fee.Beds were comfortable, bathroom was nice.  We stayed in the West Tower.The gym was nice and had lots of machines except they face the sunrise so at 7 a.m. it's blaring in your face.
5	My opinion may be a little biased considering I met my husband here, but I love the GVR! I used to live in Vegas right down the road from here and would visit frequently. The club they had(Whiskey Sky I believe it was called?) was amazing, the upstairs bar in the middle was also good and they have a movie theater. Not only that, but there is Fatburger as well as other restaurants and most of them are open 24 hours which is great when you've been drinking all night and need that perfect meal to end the night. The pancake house is sooooooooooo good too. I had the pleasure of staying here on my anniversary and the hotel surprised us with an entire PLATE of chocolate covered strawberries and champagne in our room free of charge. Everyone treated us like we were royalty which is the way you should feel on vacation. Apart from the rooms being absolutely decadent, the place had a small feel to it where the concierge and front desk would greet us by name. All in all, I left a very satisfied customer and would definitely come again!
5	If you are planning an event, I cannot recommend the excellent staff and service at GVR enough.  The resort was the first my husband and I looked at when we began planning our wedding, and after one meeting with the event staff, we stopped looking.  The grand staircase and patio overlooking the pool was the picture perfect place for our ceremony and reception.  The event/catering staff, especially Kara, was so helpful, flexible and accommodating.  They offered suggestions when we were overwhelmed and stepped back and let us make our party our way when we needed to.  They really treated us like honored guests even though our wedding was small and didn't pull out all the stops.We chose to have a cocktail hour with appetizer service instead of a formal dinner, and once we had decided on appetizers we were interested in, the event staff at GVR invited us to a private tasting to finalize our selections and try their cakes.  They really pulled out all the stops to please us.  I expected to try a few things in the events office, but when we got to the convention space of the resort, we saw our names with "Tasting for the Wedding in Honor of..." on the digital signs advertising the day's events.  We were led to a room with a beautiful table set up, white gloved servers and all.  A chef personally described each dish to us, some that we had selected and others they thought we might like based on our selections.  They really went above and beyond both my husband's and my expectations for help and service.  They also shared several sample cakes with us that day.  I was worried about having to have my cake done in-house, but I shouldn't have been.  Their pastry chefs are professional as can be.  All I had to do was email the event coordinator a picture of a cake I liked and there it was, like magic, on my wedding day.The servers and bartender during our wedding were phenomenal as well.  The servers kept appetizers on everyone's plates with a friendly smile.  The bartender created a signature cocktail for the day that everyone loved and had champagne ready for the toasts.  We had some problems sorting out room reservations and group rates with the hotel, but the event/catering staff, especially Kara, gave us excellent and professional service from start to finish.  They really treated us like valued guests which can be a rarity in Las Vegas.
4	Hey, this is my favorite local buffet when I don't feel like driving to The Strip. Unfortunately, I always focus on the desserts before I make up my mind on the main dishes!The best bread pudding you can ever try, if you like it with more custard. I top it with their strawberry sauce and freshly whipped cream. Prior to that,  I make sure to try their Asian section since I love their egg rolls. Their Mexican side is always another favorite because I love their "tripe soup, or Menudo." You will find plenty of dishes to explore and you will not get bored.
5	This place is great! My parents come here often and I join them once in a while. The host that helps us is Tony Constantino. He's a great guy! The rooms here are beautiful and the restaurants are amazing. My favorite is the spa. There spa is huge! It's very clean and very modern! Definitely get a massage when you stay here.
3	When it comes to the hotel itself and the entertainment available we were very pleased, however the service could have been better.We arrived around noon and our room wasn't ready, now it was before checkin time - but we had made a note on our reservation that we would be early.  I was on crutches and had to wait 2 hours for a room.  The room we got was on the pool which wasn't a problem except for when there was a concert that sounded like it was in our room. I wasn't feeling well and couldn't sleep because of the noise.  We called the front desk to ask for another room and they would not accommodate us - they didn't even offer anything to make up for the trouble.We took advantage of the spa, the pool and the casino floor and were happy with them all. The staff at the spa was awesome and our massages just as awesome.  The pool was just big enough to keep the grown ups from the adults which made it much more relaxing than other public pools.  The casino floor was a casino floor :) I don't know much, but there was enough for us to do.One of the most important things to me in a hotel is the service and for that reason I can't give Green Valley Ranch 4 out of 5 - so 3 stars it is.
4	They will grill your crab with garlic and green onions if you ask. Delicious - the taste is reminiscent of Crustaceans.
4	As every trip to Vegas I usually stay on the Strip but this time I decided (along w/ my friends) to stay off the strip in Henderson.  Why you ask?  Because Its cheaper...its quieter....and a lot less douche bags around.Ive been to GVR before to gamble but this was my first time staying.The hotel is great.  it is very clean. The staff is friendly.  The valet guys are cool and helpful.The pool area is cool.  It is a sand bottomed pool.  I do wish it was deeper.  They have a 21+ pool area also. We decided to hang at the regular pool.  We had a cute server who brought us our drinks (overpriced! and she added her own tip!  Who does that?)Near the pool they have the spa location where you can get your facials...masages..etc.The casino area itself is cool.  Its not overly huge but it has everything that you need to gamble.  There is a small club in the casino that is low key.Of course they have restaurants (Original Pancake House...which was good)..and a Buffet (which I didn't try!).There is also an AMC Theater and a small video game area.Overall..this is a great place to relax and have a good time.  Its only 10-15min away from the Strip if you want to head out that way.  Also..right next to the casino/resort is an outdoor mall that has stores (nothing really great) and restaurants (Lucilles BBQ...) if you feel like hanging there.I would definitely go back.
4	Beautiful.This was a great place to spend the weekend. We relaxed in the warm pool, ate at the tasty buffet, lost twenty bucks gambling and never once left to visit the strip. There was no real reason to visit the strip. This resort had it all. The staff were very polite and courteous. We had a parking mix up and ended up on the complete opposite side of the resort lost and trying to find the lobby to check in. We found a nice casino worker who escorted us over to the check in desk and also offered to carry a cooler I kept dropping.The rooms were beautiful as well. The bathroom was gigantic with a huge soaking tub. The bed was comfy and filled with plenty of pillows. Also we had a perfect view of the strip, so we never missed the Vegas lights.
4	Green Valley Ranch was a wonderful romantic getaway for my husband's birthday. It's about 8 miles from the strip in Henderson, NV.  It's in an upscale residential area with the hotel on one end and the casino and shops/restaurants at the other end. Unfortunately didn't visit the pool area but our room was so beautiful! High ceilings and modern furniture. Beautiful bathroom, deep soaking tub and a nice stand up shower next to it. Everyone was nice and helpful, I liked that our room was close to the check in area.Alot of shops close by even restaurants like Cheesecake Factory, Elephant Bar,Whole Foods Market (which we love to buy organic foods). Things I would complain about would be that our king size bed could be a bit more comfortable. It was a little stiff. Our pillows were very soft but I think too soft as I tried getting my head comfortable on it. We stayed on the 5th floor of the west tower and you can hear the wind hitting the building every now and again, took me a little while to fall asleep. Lastly, our room was a little warmer than I wanted it to be even with the A/C turned to 60 degrees the entire time. We turned on our TV around midnight, we could see the picture but only static came out of the speakers. We called downstairs and they took care of the problem over the phone. Prompt Service. There's a little snack bar with candy, water, nuts, alcohol, etc. in a cabinet below the tv but don't pick anything up unless you plan on buying it. Each item is on a weighted table that let's the hotel know when you moved something. You take it out to just look at it and you will be charged lol - it was funny hearing the front desk explain it to me, you've been warned! Also if you pay with a debit card, they "freeze" $100 per night on your card for incidentals. When you check out they then unfreeze that amount  on your debit card.  Not sure if it takes a day or two for the money to be available for you to use again. We only stayed overnight so it wasn't a big deal but I can see it being a big deal if you're staying a couple of days or longer.All that being said, I really enjoyed my stay and definitely would stay here again.
4	It seems like Green Valley is a world away from the Strip and you don't want to stay here if you're planning on enjoying all that the Strip has to offer, but if you are looking for a high quality destination resort, this is one of my favorite places in Las Vegas.Kids can be happy here with lots of food court, movie theater type amenities to keep them interested and entertained, and adults can enjoy the casino, nice rooms and some really good restaurants.I especially enjoyed Hank's where the steaks were first rate. Rooms are very nice as well, and really the only complaint I have other than the distance from the Strip and price of a cab ride to get out here is the hotel layout is confusing, not well marked and downright bizarre. It's the only hotel I've really every been in where I found it difficult to find my room and get around, and there doesn't seem to ever be any staff in the halls to help guide you along your way.There is also a nice variety of shops attached to the property, so shopping can be fun as well. They aren't really as nice as being at the Encore/Wynn with its Espanade, the Canal and Palazzo shops at Palazzo/Venetian and having Fashion Show Mall across the street, but it's still not bad.Overall a nice, inexpensive place to stay and enjoy a trip to Vegas.
4	We were meeting friends for dinner, so we went a bit early and played some video poker until it was time to meet.  The casino is a pleasant enough place.  It's laid out conveniently from the 21 parking deck to get to the casino and the buffet.My only negative about the place was in the bank I was playing, there were a couple of machines that had maintenance issues.  Is the management aware that a machine that refuses to accept cash or TITOs is not much of a grosser for the casino?  I was ready to give up and go to the Sports Book and watch a game when one machine finally decided take my money for play.I hope they get to these machines and don't let more slip into disrepair.  To me, that's a sign of sloppy management which one sees evidenced in other aspects of the property.  Come on GVR, get on the ball!On a very positive note, the cocktail waitress was around 3 times in the brief time I was playing.  She knew how to do the job pleasantly and well!
5	this is a great place, being in  vegas and have peace, quiet getaway.  The layout is perfect...for casino is far from the other ameneties which make it  such a nice feature for an old feel modern mansion!!!.enjoyed their buffet and the other restaurants especially the spa nad the swimming pool..everything is marvelous!!!.
3	This review is for the Green Valley Ranch Buffet...The buffet at Green Valley Ranch is unique in that they will cook your king crab legs in butter, garlic, tomatoes, and other spices!  It makes the king crab legs 10 times better.  You simply load up your plate with king crab legs as you would at the Bellagio, Wynn, or any other buffet.  You then bring it to the center grill area and the chef will cook your crab legs.  King crab legs will never be the same again once you have tried it here.  The trick is to ask for everything and go light on the butter, because they will soak it with butter if you don't tell them otherwise.  I prefer mine with less butter.This place is located about 15 minutes from the Vegas strip but it is worth the drive if you have a car.  I wouldn't take a cab ride here unless the craving for these crab legs is so unbearable that you have to have some and pay for it with a hefty cab fee.Everything else at this buffet pretty much sucks but for $20, the crab legs itself was well worth it.
3	The rooms were clean and very nice, but the lay out is horrible, we had to walk miles to get to our room which overlooked the top deck of the parking garage, easy enough for the hotel to fix by adding some other security doors/entrances.  Station Hotels are all over the Las Vegas/Henderson area but do not understand why Green Valley charges 5x more then the Sunset, Fiesta, or the Santa Fe, they all have plenty of different food choices, all have a nice movie mulitiplex,  and spa and swimming pools, and  if you want to see the Las Vegas strip you have to drive or take a cab, they all have retarded resort fee which is hidden till you arrive and check in. weekend room at Green Valley will run 100.00+ yet the same room type at Santa Fe is 29.00.  They also offer a kid day care area with plenty of stuff for the kids to do, but feel if you are a guest or come to play in there casino you should not be charged, just leave a tip for the persons working there, If they can give you all the free drinks and comps on your players card, then why not daycare to allow parents to gamble and not have to pay.
5	I recently stayed here for the week and have absolutely no complaints:)  In fact, I just booked my next reservation in a couple of weeks.Everyone that works here from the front desk girls to the valet boys, so nice and welcoming, also very helpful!My room was very clean and comfortable, I love that theres sound in the BR from the tv so I can get ready and hear the Today show:)My only regret is that I was unable to take advantage of the AMAZING pool while I was there...it is beautiful!!!  When it warms up I will definitely be there:)
5	GREAT locals hang out with a little bit of something for everyone from Drop Bar to Quinns to Ovation and more. The staff is extremely helpful and courteous. There's never a dull moment and hours of fun and enjoyment can be had. In my opinion this is one of the best hotel casino's in the Valley.
4	Yeah, I would go back and play in their Poker room again.  It was smoke free which is a rare treat in Vegas.  Dealers and fellow players are friendly.
3	I was recently invited to drink some whiskey with some friends and acquaintances. I know pretty much nothing about whiskey. One of my former UNLV computer science classmates was in town, staying at the Green Valley Ranch, so his suite became our venue.I had never been inside any of the rooms before, but I was pretty impressed. Granted, this was a suite, but I'm sure each of the rooms is equally well-decorated. It's not the same style, but I'd say it was every bit as nice as the Bellagio suite I once had the pleasure of staying in. Getting to the rooms is a bit of a maze. OK maybe not that bad, but it reminded me of the Venetian. This is good because it separates the rooms from the casino portion of the property.As for the GVR property as a whole, it's been overshadowed by newer places, but it's still a good local casino. It still has a nice beach area, a decent buffet, and the standard amenities like a movie theater and food court.
4	Not crowded today. This place gets busy fast, but on early Sunday morning, we had no trouble finding a parking place, nor finding a line at the buffet. We saw many new slots as well, most empty however, both before we ate and after. Business must be down. If you are lucky, you could find the best slots here, they have always been pretty good to me.
4	Good Station Casino right off the 215 freeway in Henderson. It is a modern casino with good attention to detail. Nice renovated sportsbook. Could use a cafe. Over all the restaurants are ok with Hanks being the best but severly over priced.
5	My husband treated me to an evening on my birthday at Green Valley Station. My birthday was the 28th which was on a Tuesday. We were able to check in early and the girl who checked us in was so friendly. Being my birthday we got upgraded to a suite and chocolate covered strawberries and champagne was delivered to our room as a treat. Wow! Already impressed until I opened the door to the most beautiful room I have every seen. Where do I begin - 1st there was a private large balcony. Then the decor was a blue and brown combo. The bathroom had a tub with jets and the bed was so comfy. There was a Bose system in the room with a 45 inch TV. A full bar if you want to get charged - we brought our own beverages. I just loved it. It was so nice to have alone time away even if it was for one night night! :) lol..... We toured the pool area which of course we the cold front we have been getting in Vegas we were not going to get in the pool. It was so nice to sit in a cabana and just relax. At one area of the grounds you have a beautiful view of the strip. We were unable to use the spa services at this time but we will be going back in the future. I would recommend Green Valley Ranch to locals and tourists.
3	Green Valley Resort and Casino really isn't that old. It is one of the newer Station Casinos. But it does feel a bit run down inside though. I have never seen any part of this place except the casino, so this is just about that. Each time I have been there there isn't that vibrance and energy that is nice in a casino. The dealers and staff here are no nonsense. They know what they are doing and have been around the block. There are always $5 tables if you like to gamble small. My drink order did get messed up here twice though and I kind of prefer when dealers are a bit more sociable and actually talk to players and engage in the game instead of making it seem like a boring job. A smile makes losing money so much better.This is a good locals place and is good if you want low limits for table play, but don't expect fancy. Green Valley is pretty low frills.
4	This Hotel Casino Resort is located off the strip a good 15 minutes or more away in Henderson.  Green Valley Ranch (GVR) was a 5 Star AAA 5 Diamond Hotel, I believe it has lost one of the AAA Diamonds over the years.  GVR is aging and it is starting to show throughout the hotel/resort.  GVR is a very nice quiet hotel with the Casino separate from the hotel by different wings.  The Pool(s) are located between the Hotel and the Casino with Adult themed, family, and children pools with a spectacular bridge that connects the outdoor bar and the main pool. The rooms are showing age but the beds are still incredible in offering comfort and room size is decent (standard).  Not advertised but they charge a "hotel resort fee" for the "amenities" aka wireless internet (T1 speed) even if you do not use it.  There is a good mix of people here with locals and young people to families and serious gamblers.  This is the same resort/casino featured in "American Casino" reality show (canceled) on cable/network.  There is an Arcade and movie theater downstairs, the buffet is quite under-rated, a food court with a Fat Burger, and an outdoor mall located directly across the street with good retailers.All in all I enjoy staying here when I want to get away from the busy Vegas Strip and am looking for some R&R especially for a conference.  The Staff here works hard to please but can be hard to find at times.  It is definitely in need of some updating and work but a nice quiet 4 star hotel none-the-less.
3	GVR is a meh'fest. They don't do anything great, but they don't really butcher anything either. Food - OK. The buffet is standard, but you can count on it. The coffee shop is gone. China Spice has pretty good sushi. The Italian restaurant blows. Food quality at the casino-ran restaurants is average Station quality. If you've eaten at any Station restaurants more than once you know what I'm talking about. Food court is a win. Gaming - OK. They have full-pay video poker, including Loose Deuces, but the denominations don't go up very high. They usually get the newest games, but they're packed for weeks after they come out. And the slot-club essentially sucks. 1,000 points = $1 cash back. And not even real cash back! And multipliers don't count! And full-pay video pokers is $4 to 1 point! There was a time when Boarding Pass was one of the best slot clubs in town..that's no longer even vaguely the case.Amenities - OK. They have a movie theater. And a nice pool. Who doesn't these days?Decor - Faux fancy. And that's faux fancy from 10 years ago. Typical Station.
3	The hotel is a maze to walk in, every corner I turn looks just like the previous ones I've taken, but is overall very nice with very friendly staff.  I stayed on the 7th floor of the East wing and had a really good view.  I had breakfast at the pancake place.  The eggs benedict was awesome (or maybe I was just really hungry at the time).  I had lunch at the buffet and it wasn't that great, even though I was dying of starvation at the time.  I didn't finish my plates; I think the salad was the best part (and I normally don't even eat greens).  The fruits didn't have too many selections.  I love pineapples, but the ones I had here was not that fresh nor flavorful.  I walked out still starving.  I had dinner at Hank's Fine Steaks and Martinis.  I made reservation for 7pm for a business dinner, but didn't get seated until 7:20.  Then when we were seated, the waiters took super long to get to us.  We ordered wine for everyone at the table, but only some of us were served.  The martinis are awesome though!  The steak was good and side dishes are yummy.  Perhaps I'm just not used to the indoor smoking, but I think I got sick from it and I only stayed for 2 days.  Overall, it's an OK place, secluded and away from the busy Vegas Strip.
1	AVOID!!!  AVOID!!!  AVOID!!!   WORST CASINO IN NEVADA!!!    0 stars!!!Horrible gaming---Horrible customer service!  My friends, family and I will NEVER play/stay there again.I tried to play a game of blackjack there.  I sat down one spot next to 1st base.  My father was already sitting at 1st base.  There was a lady at 3rd base---as soon as we sat down, she said that bad luck had just entered the table.  She proceeded to lose the next 2 hands, and blamed my father.  A couple hands later, I was able to play (I sat down a minute after my father, but missed the beginning of the shoe).  Not much happened after a few hands, and then there was dealer change--to Alberto.I played a hand or two with Alberto, then was dealt a 16 with an 8 showing.  Typically, I play by the book; however, when a 16 vs 8 came up, I wanted to get the table's opinion.The lady at 3rd immediately snapped:  if you have to ask what to do, you shouldn't be here.  OK, whatever.She proceeded to lose the next 2 or 3 more hands, while my father was winning.Pissed off, she left muttering some words about us.  I thanked God the bitch left.Alberto the dealer said to me:  hey, don't call her a bitch--she's just calling it like she sees it.  I was just trying to get the opinion of the table--I know how to play 16's vs an 8.Besides Alberto--who asked you?  I didn't ask for your opinion, so don't say anything more and deal the cards.Alberto threatened to kick me out, then called the pit boss over.So, let me get this straight, she's nasty and mean to me and my father since we sat down, get blamed for her losses, and when I try to ask for her opinion, she snaps back with a nasty comment.  So, I call her a bitch--yet I'm the one that gets in trouble?We left after 10 minutes and went to another of the 1000's of casinos in the area.Why even bother with this post? Because Green Valley Ranch -doesn't treat everyone the same, -has extremely bad customer service, -and hires people like Alberto --taking my statement completely out of context, offering his unasked for opinion, and threatening to kick me out.  I can't believe this place is rated like this--this place is a dump--we only went there because it was in between the people we were meeting.Needless to say, I will NEVER go back--who wants this kind of action (with the lady) with this kind of dealer who takes things out of context, when there are 1000's of casinos in the area?Just wanted to share my experience.
4	I love gambling here more than the strip! This place pays out more imo. And they have a pretty decent Buffet. :)
1	Just say "NO" to having a small event (20-25 people) here.  You will get lost in the mix.  Our event was over priced and under served.  I travel a do small events around the country.  In the past 12 months I have been in 30 hotels and this one ranks in the bottom 3.  Many of the things such as introductions to Banquet captain, communication protocols for problem resolution and reviewing the contract on site before the event did not exist here. Even the little things, like forks on the breakfast buffet for the $250.00 fruit tray would have been nice.  I'm not sure my clients enjoy eating with their fingers.  If you are looking for an event, avoid this resort.  I find my top 3 hotels are the Hilton, Marriott, and DoubleTree, with the DoubleTree having some of the best staff.  People make the event flawless, not $250.00 fruit trays.
1	I am very disappointed in the hotel. The first time I went there, they were sold out and even though I had a RESERVATION, there was no room for me. I was sent to the strip and had to drive 15 mins to the hotel everyday for the business meeting that I had to attend there. They give me a letter of apology and a complimentary 2-night stay. I tried to redeem it years later and then they say the offer 'expired'. WTF? There was no expiration date on the letter. I don't mind losing at the gambling table but this is a total rip off and poor customer service!Maybe I should speak to an attorney.
5	Love love love their pool area. The poolside bar is also a plus. Very chill, not too crowded, so it atually feels like a vacation and not some frenzied spring break kinda just turned 21 madness. The beds are bliss. And i've been to some supposedly swank hotels, but this bed beat out everyone. The only way it could get any better would be to accessorize it with some gorgeous virile male specimen according to my specifications.  I don't really gamble and the food establishments here are so so. But this is definitely the perfect place to recover from whatever u were doing on the strip. Ahhh...
3	I like GVR, not during Halloween though. They have a strict policy about masks and makeup. Other than that I like it here. It's always clean and smells nice and hello..... Original pancake house is here.
4	I really enjoy GVR. Like all the restruants and bars. Oh and of course The Original Pancake House is always on point.
4	This was the first time that we drove all the way out to Green Valley. Knowing that its part of Station Casinos, I didn't really expect much out of it. But unfortunately, Its way more then I expected. Its bigger then most station casinos out there and one of the nicer ones. Of course, it was kind of confusing at first, but it sort of makes sense. We were trying to find the garage but there very well hidden. Of course, being the first time going there, you basically get lost very easily. But the garage, you'll see an entrance way at one point, then you go up another level and its just a big parking lot. Of course you then realize, the garage is under you, and we're just on the top floor. A bit further down the way is another garage, but we decided to just park at the first parking we saw. From the looks of it, it was very well detailed on the whole structure. Its like they actually took the time to make this place look appealing. To me, I was really impress on how they made the outside look so elegant. The inside, had this warm feeling to it. But on the other hand, it tend to be crowded by all these slot machines. Which is kind of a downer, but it is a casino/hotel. I just wish they use less slots, but I guess that's how they make their money. A lot of their restaurants are well designed and detailed, that it makes it look interesting on what this restaurant is. I'm sure people just want to know that its just a sushi restaurant, but putting something extra, puts a bit more of a spin to it. I do like their creativity when it came down to these restaurants. We came to Green Valley to watch Aaron Lewis in concert at the Ovation. The Ovation itself was a nice little venue. I honestly think they can probably make it better. But the design outside and inside was very nice. I gave the Ovation a decent review, but it could of been better. Overall, Green Valley Ranch is a nice place to look around. Its one of the busier Station casinos. So I'm sure there will be a lot of mix reviews. But I would probably say, that if your there to eat or play, then that would be a great place to check out. If you're there to stay or watch a concert, don't set your too hopes to high.
4	So many times I have been to GVR..why is it I never reviewed it? Well last night we were there and found out that they love locals. Thats what the sign said and below that it said they had 99 cent margaritas at the sports book bar. So off we went to find these cheap drinks. We were very surprised at how tasty they were. Our bartender Doug was such a great guy. He hooked us up! They were lime flavored but you could get strawberry ones for 1.50. Such a great deal.Locals love GVR! At least this local does..
4	Fun, fun, fun...because I won!I was extremely lucky on the blazing 7's!I hit 7 7 7 about 3-4 times., winning $200-$300 for each match!Anyway, this casino is pretty nice. The crap tables were super full when my bf and I were there. And I noticed there were a lot of old people around. I guess this casino is where all the old folk go to get craazzzzyyyyy.After I won, i was walking around looking for some place to get me a latte. No such luck because Coffee Bean was already closed. Boo you Coffee Bean, boo you. I'm looking forward to stopping by this casino again for more blazing 7's fun.
5	My boyfriend and I stayed here a few weeks ago and I was completely impressed!  My boyfriend talked me into staying off the strip...I was worried..No worries anymore!  I cannot wait to return!Pool is gorgeous and we felt like we had the place to ourselves in the middle of March!  Fun and beautiful and great escape off the strip...Vegas' hidden treasure.My only recommendation - I wish the free shuttle to the strip had later evening drop off and pick up times.
4	When my fried promised to take us to a cheap buffet off the strip I was expecting something kind of ghetto, but this place was actually really nice. From the outside it looks like a strip mall, but the inside is pretty. This review is for the casino and the 13 dollar dinner buffet. The casino feels really new and doesn't reek as much of smoke as other casinos. The buy ins go as low a 5 bucks so I'm a fan. It's not as crowded and caters to an older crowd. Now, the buffet is AWESOME for the price of 13 bucks. (Make sure to sign up for a free players card first at the rewards center) My favorite was the seafood pasta, green beans, and carrot cake. But they have quite a bit of food. Our server was really friendly and I would come back here for the buffet alone. I also learned how to play pai gow here and got a free lesson my Asian dealer who looked at me like I was nuts for playing when I had no idea how to play. I ended up losing but it's ok. ^.^ If you happen to bring any foreigners here, make SURE to bring passports otherwise, they will have to kick you out.
4	Much nicer hotel than the price would indicate...definitely recommend it if you are going to stay off the strip.  The staff in the hotel, spa and casino were all incredibly helplful.
5	Of all the local casino hotels in las vegas, I like GVR the most. Their buffet is very good including their malted shakes & the Ovation Room is a great place to see live entertainment.
5	My girlfriends aunt lives in Henderson and this place is about 5min from her house.   When she told us, "im going to take you guys to this great breakfast buffet," I automatically lit up.. I love breakfast and I love buffets.  We go this pretty large casino/resort (small compared to the ones on the strip) and head into the buffet area.    $4.99 for breakfast... that's cheaper than Denny's or IHOP.  I could not believe the variety of foods they had to choose from.  Usually Im used to seeing maybe 5 or 6 different items like pancakes, eggs, omelets, waffles and hash browns.  not here.  Basically if you can think of a breakfast item, they had it.  I filled my plate up with sausage/scrambled eggs, a cheese blintz, chicken fried streak, sausage, English muffin and a few other items.  After just one plate of food (and I didn't pig out, so don't freak out), I was stuffed, but so pleasantly stuffed.  The food was delicious!!I guess not all good food is on the strip (that was sarcasm).  I loved this place and I cant wait to go back next time.  Heck for $4.99? Who could beat that?
5	If you are looking to take the family on a little vacation to Las Vegas, Green Valley Ranch is definitely the place to go.  The resort is about a 15 minute cab ride from the strip.  The facility looks as if it has been recently remodeled, the rooms are spacious, clean and in great condition.  The bathrooms have a stand alone shower and a fabulous full size tub.  The staff is friendly and extremely helpful.  There is a ton of stuff to do without ever leaving the resort.  Compared to the prices of hotels on the strip this place is a steal for what you get.  They have a casino, restaurants, clubs, bars, pools and a spa and the prices are reasonable.  The resort is also just a quick 10 minute walk to the neighborhood restaurants and grocery store.  If you are looking for a place to stay in Vegas close enough to the strip but far away from the chaos....this is definitely the place to go.
4	Great area...nice casino but it seems that not a lot a people come here
3	Very gorgeous hotel but restaurants are a little too expensive for a locals place. The shows are good there yellow brick road and steel panther. The pool is great but last Saturday they kicked us out at 4 to host a wedding and rushed us out and I had a tab running.
3	Needs a remodel. Plain and simple. No 24hr coffee shop. You can stop with the "we luv locals" crap. The M shows a lot more "luv" in every way.
4	I stayed here back in March and this was one of the most beautiful hotels that I've been to.   I didn't get to experience all of the facilities, but a lot of what they had to offer seemed very nice.  My only complaint was that to go to the casino from your room is wayyy too long of a walk and and there isn't much of a selection from the gift shops at that hotel. The room we got was very lovely!  It wasn't a suite,  but it almost felt like we were in one and the bathrooms are absolutely beautiful!  Very clean and relaxing atmosphere.  This is a good place to go if you want to get away from the strip.  I'd only stay here again if I didn't plan on leaving the hotel to go to other places.
4	I don't live too far from this establishment and so as a local I do frequent this casino more then I do any other station casinos. If I can give any one advice it is to definitely get a players card and use it if you play. They mail free rooms, free bets, and free meals each month. Recently I received a free $75 bet each week for the entire month of July. So far I've won 1 time out of the three times but I will only use it if I'm in the area and I don't play more then the bet as I know that it is a way for them to lure you in and get you to play so much more and lose so much more so really $75 is nothing to them when you wind up losing more then that. Now with the free room coupon...Book it as soon as you receive it because they go FAST and it is only good for Sunday thru Thursday. Unfortunately I wasn't able to use mine because they were all booked for the dates selected. As for the rooms, although it is comped, it is worth it. Very clean, spacious, and doesn't give you a feeling of roaches dancing in the dark...so I'm sure the non-comped rooms are even better. The pool gets a new paragraph because it is by far one of the best pools. It is half beach and half pool so it is fun for the kids because of the sand. I warn you that it gets extremely HOT during the summer so your children feetsies WILL burn so have them wear water shoes so they can enjoy it. There is also a wading section that is under a bridge so if you want shade during those HOT months then you got it. You can even put a chair in the water for relaxation. To use the pool it is free if you're a guest and you just have to show your room key; however $20 if you're just visiting. They're no too strict on this as we've managed to slip by without anyone charging...again, bring your room key (Hint Hint). As for the Feast Buffet, it is decent. They used to have crab legs but they got rid of it a few months ago and just lowered their buffet prices. I'm thinking since they have a seafood restaurant in the casino, they were not making money because everyone was just going to the buffet. There is a nice lady that goes by "Mama" who used to saute the crab legs with garlic, tomatoes and some secret spice then she would ask how spicy you want it and boy were they yummy. She would always have a line and I remember waiting at least half an hour just so she could saute my crab legs...but worth the wait. Since they don't have crab legs you can still go to her and ask her to saute the shrimp from the shrimp cocktail bar. (don't forget to tip her) As for bars, i like going to the sports book bar, play a little poker and get free drinks. My bar tender of choice is "Tyler". He's created my favorite Mai Tai drink with a twist...just ask him for his famous mai tai and he'll know what you're talking about.
4	I like Green Valley Ranch.  It's quiet, fun and full of value.  I attended a Richard Cheese and Lounge Against the Machine concert in May and have come back six times since that concert.  (Note: Not a local).They have an excellent buffet, good gambling, great customer service from every employee I encountered, great bartenders and a good selection of things to kill time.While I have not stayed here as a guest due to my loyalty to South Point, I am considering a stay here and Red Rock Spa & Casino in the near future.  My issue is that this place and all other stations charge resort fees (NO I WILL NOT ACCEPT IT!) and it is $24.99 a day here.  Rediculous.  So the near future may come and go and I may not stay here, but I will still visit and dine in their fine establishments and low roll gamble at their Video Poker machines.
4	Loved our stay there! West tower was newly renovated and wonderful. Even better when they comped us a refrigerator and we brought our own booze and breakfast for a 4 day stay for a dance competition. The only hitch was our reservation. Which got majorly messed up. But, ended up better than we expected.
2	We stayed here last weekend for a cake camp.  The hotel is nice and clean.  It is not as crowded as the hotels in the strip.  The bad part is the rooms are a little bit dark.The fan in our bathroom is not working.I don't see any book in the room for the services that they offer in the hotel.The walls in the bedroom are thin, that you can hear people from the hallway.The front-desk are kinda rude.They don't give you a map of the area, it's kinda confusing to find your room.The buffet is almost/always the same.For a casino that accomodates kids, they don't have a drop in daycare.The pool can get really crowded that you won't be able to find a lounge chair to sunbathe.  They charge $150 minimum for those round sofas near the pool when you are already paying a $25 resort fee everyday.It took 30 minutes for those waitresses in the pool area to serve our drink.  We literally have to find our waitress so we can order a drink.  And they don't care because the gratuity is already added in every bill.Overall the customer service in this hotel sucks!  Would I recommend this hotel to my fellow yelpers and friends?  Definitely, NO!  Would we go back there again? Nope, unless if they are going to use them again for cake camp.
2	Stayed here for three days in July for Cake Camp, a conference and workshop for cake decorating business.  I was very impressed by the decor and design of the lobby and the public areas: very posh, but not too glitzy and overwhelmingly 'vegas'.  I was upgraded to a 'pool view' room which happened to be ADD accessible. The room was decorated nicely and had upscale finishes, but there was a definite lack of attention to detail.  The lamp on the desk had a very bent shade, the towel/robe hooks in the bathroom were all crooked, my message light on my phone blinked all the time, walls were thin and there was a very pissed off little dog a few doors down, the TV remote wasn't much help, the phone only called the front desk,  the key card reader to the hotel from the nearest entry point in the casino didn't work so I had to go around and about to the lobby and back up to the tower to access my room, and there was no in room book of services or restaurants. When i called down to inquire, he said that it was being redesigned. He gave me a run down of the restaurants in the hotel/casino, but really how was I going to remember a list of 12 places? There was a set of brochures for the spa and room service, but not even a CVB town guide or a hotel map.  (i did call down to mention the damaged light so I wouldn't get charged, and was told maintenance would replace it. never happened). The meeting rooms were overall nice and the banquet food was good plus the $10/glass of house wine made it taste all the better (seriously, how do they get away with that markup!).  The pool looked nice, but I didn't have time to visit. And with a 7 p.m. close except for the tiny hot tub (so i heard, didn't see it on a map), it seemed a bit unreasonable--especially considering night swimming is the most comfortable option for July in the desert. And I wonder if I am the only one who visits from out of town who is a bit confused by the "We LOVE Locals" campaign going on through the entire hotel. Yeah, I came 500 miles to stay here for a conference, sure glad you 'heart' locals the best!
4	We stayed here for cake camp and really enjoyed our time there. It's pretty easy to find your way around once you know where you are going. It always seamed really really cold in there but apparently it was 70 something. Sure as Hell felt like the low 60's. Our room was nice and clean. The bathroom was awesome. There where a few things wrong in the room but other than that the hotel staff was very helpful and was always on the ball. The pool was Awesome!!!!  We are planning on staying here again at our next convention.
4	this was my fav. buffet spot in vegas.  we always ask the cook to saute shrimp and crab loaded w/ garlic and spices... we called it "the works"!  it was delish!  however, on my last visit... they were no longer serving crab  and only served the shrimp during dinner (they used to serve shrimp and crab lunch & dinner).  so my mission now is to find a new buffet spot that will provide "the works"!
3	Nice place, the staff was very pleasant however they did not seem to be very knowledgeable of the facilities.  Even with their website directions it was very difficult to find the valet parking entrance.  Quite a hike from the rooms to the Casino which is on the second floor??.  The "off strip" room rates kind of compensate.  We did not go to the strip because it seemed like a lot of extra work to get there.
3	I stayed at the Green Valley recently for a work trip.  Overall, it was a nice stay -- the place is enormous, staff were all friendly, room was large and clean, and the District next door has some great restaurants to choose from if you don't want to eat in the hotel.Minor annoyances: the internet connection in the room was spotty, and the gym doesn't open until 6am (my body clock was on East coast time and I really would have liked to get in there earlier).My biggest takeaway is that this resort isn't sure what it wants to be, and who they want to cater to.  The decor of the hotel and casino reminded me of a Tuscan style -- lots of tan tile and stone, wrought iron, etc - which appeals to a much older crowd as evidenced by the large number of retirees in the casino.  But the pool area is the opposite -- sleek, modern, hip, full of 20-somethings getting drunk and tan.  It made me laugh to walk with much older folks through the casino and see big posters for the weekly "Brazilian beach party", with photos of young girls in teeny weeny bikinis.Overall, if you want to stay in the Vegas area without being right on the Strip, Green Valley is a good place to stay.  If you can get a decent rate, it's a good deal.
3	So we have been staying here for years but this year was surely different....it all began with the reception....the person there was kinda rude.  Sent us to timbuk two to our room...when I called him to see if we could change rooms he immediately asked what was wrong with our room.  I told him it was way too far and the view of the parking lot was not attractive.  He explained thats what we got for the rate we paid.  Which didnt not make sense because we always got a view of the pool.  When he finally decided to switch us we had to wait 3 more hours for our room to be ready.  So we paid for the room rate plus tax plus the resort fee plus tax and then drinks at the pool have an automatic 18% gratuity....what made it worse is that we brought another family along for their first time....will probably not be staying here again.....so please do not send me any more offers...thank you!
4	For a locals casino i really like GVR.  They have a kick ass food court.  Coffee bean, capriotti, and tropical smoothie?  Oh hell yes.  Makes a fat man die happy right there.They got a pretty nice movie theatre with an arcade.  and it's right next to district!  And the district is awesome!  I still gotta try out a few of the bars out here though.  (Any takers?) :)My only complaint is it's a little far from my home so it's not as convenient but if i lived in henderson this would probably be my new go to spot.
2	The massages I got at the spa were great, but they did start 10 minutes late. Maybe there plan was for me to for sure be stressed to start off.I would give a higher rating, but I mistakenly had an appointment at the hair salon right after. I was five minutes early for my blowout and I had to wait another 20 minutes. To make matters worse, the girl that did my blowout had been in the back chatting and I could see her. She was gossiping with another stylist and a friend of their's who had wandered in drunk from the pool area. Being late is bad enough but knowing they were just wasting my time because I could see it was worse. I tip for not only good service but TIMELY service. Unprofessional to keep people waiting. I would have left had there been ANY OTHER option.
4	Oh GVR, you bring back so many memories from back when I first ever lived in Vegas. And yeah, I kinda liked you better then. However, you are still 4 stars in my book even now. (Though, I do miss the old you. And am I the only one who remembers the GVR reality show?)There are good bars, decent restaurants, a great lounge for shows, a nice pool, a great spa, and a coming soon fantastic salon (Brannon Hair is opening a location here).Plus, you can actually afford to game here. And, oh yeah, it's just up the street from me, so there's that whole convenience thing.And the rooms, especially the suites, are actually quite fab.So yep, GVR is a great off-Strip casino.
5	A 5 star experience from walking in the hotel lobby to checking out!
4	What a wonderful way for a local to relax! Its my boyfriends birthday and since all the boys are down having fun on the casino floor while I recover from dinner. My overall experience so far has been great! We chose to come here because its 1) off the strip 2) clean 3) has a nice beach style pool and 4) the staff is usually friendly. We arrived few hours early and the front desk receptionist was more than willing to check us in early and with the $20 tip trick, she upgraded us to a petite suite! My suite has a huge balcony, king bed, comfortable chairs, tv, and a huge bathroom. Because its a weekday, the pool was slow and nice. We hate being bombarded with screaming kids and loud teens. It seems like they changed the outside slingbacks and added new day beds. Overall the pool was exceptionally clean and an A in my book! We love to come to this hotel whenever we want a short, relaxing day away from home. I just walked past the Whiskey Bar, the interior was pretty cool and about to head down there after I write this review. Give this place a try with your friends or family. The buffet prices are phenomenal, 30% off all spa services for locals too, and the rooms are super clean!!!
4	First things first: yes, GVR charges resort fees that border on the ridiculous. As a local, I've begrudingly accepted this and the property continues to be my favorite off-strip hotel and a local gem.GVR is just far enough away that you get the feeling you may not be in town anymore, but not far away from the right things. I love the how close it is to The District which provides mid-range (price-wise) dining options as opposed to GVR's a little higher end dining options. On property there's a movie theater ($5 movies on Tuesdays-can't beat that!), a section of fast food joints and of course the buffet which I haven't been to, but have heard good things about.The spa is what keeps me coming back as they offer  a generous locals discount-30% off Monday-Wednesday and 20% off the other days (I think, call first). With the discount it's still pricey, but well worth an indulgence once or twice a year. It has been voted the best spa in Vegas for the past few years for a reason-the staff is great, the amenities are amazing and the private pool not open to children is their showstopper. Their regular hotel pool is great too, complete with a sand beach and plentiful seating. Their pool menu actually isn't too bad, but I would venture a guess that even Warren Buffet would choke at the prices.My only complaint is that on my last stay, I was booked in a room with a view of what appeared to be a generator and had a shower that was practically non-functional. I was only staying for one night, so it wasn't too big of a deal, but I'd definitely recommend requesting a room overlooking the pool or city!
4	This place was great, the resort fee is for the use of the spa and is so worth it, my wife and I went every day. The rooms are big and really comfortable. I will stay there again!!
4	Speaking from a mom's point of view traveling with small children, I think this resort is very kid friendly. The pool is awesome with a small sandy beach area which is great for little kids. The location being right next to The District allows you more dining options should you not want to stay on the property. The rooms were nice and modern. Concierge has crayons, coloring books, cards and games for the kids...just ask.The cons: The refrigerator is stocked with mini bar items which are sensored so if you move items, you will get charged. I should have asked to have the items removed so that it could be used to store milk for the kids. Although signs were posted stating the pool closes at 8PM, it was communicated to us by the bell person that it actually closes at dusk. We get to the pool at 5:20pm and the pool security tells us it closes at 6PM. They should just post signs stating "Pool closes today at..." Yeah, a few people who arrived just as we were leaving were really pissed off. I imagine they get complaints like this everyday, so why they don't change their policy is beyond me.
5	I have been to Vegas many many times, but I always experienced it as a 'tourist.' This was the first time I tried it as a 'local' and I'm not sure I will ever go back to being a tourist again.Stayed Thurs - Sun at the GVR, which is located approximately 20 minutes from The Strip. For many people, the distance might be a turn-off. Let me assuage your concerns. It is not a big deal at all.First, the pros: I booked travel vouchers through TravelZoo. Got the Thurs. night stay for $75 and Fri & Sat were $100 each. That included everything except a $25/day resort fee and the hotel tax. Did I mention it also included a $25/day resort credit? The resort fee includes internet and spa use, among other things. This is significant because many of the properties on The Strip charge you a resort fee and then an additional charge for spa or internet usage.Then, thanks to a snafu which isn't worth mentioning except that the manager Diana took care of it really quickly, I got upgraded to an Executive Suite. That's 4 days/3 nights in a suite for $275. Try and beat that on The Strip.Blessings to all of the valet guys (I remember Michael and Jayson but there were several others who were all great). A huge shout-out to the concierge who hooked me up with guest list access to Tryst on Thursday night and Marquee on Friday night. Thank you to pretty much everyone on the staff, from the front desk people to the clerks who opened the front door for me every time I left for my car, to the maids who cleaned the room. First rate service.The property offers at least four separate pools, including an adults-only one called The Pond (which is great for when you don't want to be around kids) and a main pool which has a sandy beach area in it.The Spa is first-rate, complete with flat-screen tv's in the hot tub area. Perfect for watching football and relaxing. There are a couple of bars on the property as well. Sports Book area offers $1 beers and $1 hot dogs on football game days. Are you effing kidding me?!And I ate extremely well (they have a $25 all you can eat crab leg feast at one of the restaurants) with no buyer's remorse, because I had the $25/day resort credit, so everything was just cheaper.Sure, GVR tries to 'sex' things up a bit by having a Brazilian pool party - complete with bikini contest - on Sundays and they have bikini model servers in the Lobby Bar on Wednesday nights. But don't mistake this resort for a 'sexy' hotspot. It is, ultimately, a place to relax (or gamble, if that's your thing).But again, getting your 'fix' of The Strip is no problem when it's such a short drive away. In fact, really my only gripe with GVR is that they still have the old tube tv's in the rooms. It's 2011. Time to replace them with flatscreens. And preferably with screens that are larger than 20". Oh well, not a huge deal.I was in town for a convention which was being held at The Palazzo (which I've stayed at before and adore, btw). Suite at The Palazzo - even with the 'convention special' was $260/night. So, in essence, I saved over $500 on lodging costs by staying at GVR. The savings paid for my night at Tryst, my night at Marquee, a fantastic dinner at Otto, my rental car and even my gas money to and from LA. Like I said before, I'm seriously considering never staying at a property on The Strip again. If you're dead set on staying at a 'hot, happening' property, then this is not the place for you. But if you're traveling with a family or if you're open to trying something different, I would recommend giving GVR a try. I did and I don't regret a moment of my stay.Trust me; I'm an Elite. ;)
5	As a couple with two small children, its often difficult for my husband and I to find a place that makes everyone happy. Green Valley Ranch, however, is the perfect location as it provides adult entertainment and activities/entertainment for children as well. The hotel location is perfect in that it is close enough to the Strip to allow you to party at your will, while far enough away for you to truly be able to relax and enjoy without the hustle and bustle. The really cool part is that the resort itself is sufficient for a fantastic vacation even without the Strip. The pool has a sandbeach for kids of all ages. The service is exemplary. The foods and drinks are " To Die For."Long story short...If you are looking for a 5 star vacation for you and your family, this is the place to be!!!
1	When we checked in it was almost midnight on a Monday of long tarveling.Went to the room and tried to check email.  Internet did not work.This place charges a Resort Fee, (basically for a nice pool) the in room WI-Fi was supposed to be included in the $29 a day Resort Fee, upon loging into the WIFI it says if you want the BETTER COX BROADBAND that will cost $18 a day more!!!The other was at  modem speed  or no speed all the time i tried it in my room.Went out to get some bottled water and find wifi at the McDonalds down the road (free)  Came back and asked the front desk to fix it or upgrade me to the one that worked.THEY DID NOT DO ANYTHING.I aske them to have the  General Manager call me he never did.  I asked 2 more times for him to call me over the 5 days there he never called me, I even left my cell number twice!Went to the front desk and asked to meet the GM on the last day and he said the internet worked.I did a speed test in front of him and he said that it does not work in the common areas.IT DOES NOT WORK ANYWHERE.NEVER AGAIN, I would stay off sight if there is a chance to stay away from this over priced Motel 6.It was amazing that others in my Convention Group said the Internet was no good, This place needs new ownership!I guess what happens in Vegas can be talked about HMMM
4	This place is pretty nice overall. We are regulars as we pretty much live across the street, but I wouldn't go if it wasn't good.
5	We had some flooding in our room via the next door neighbors so we asked to get moved to another room.  Luck for me and my wife they were sold out and they had to bump us up to a high rollers suite.  OMG this suite had two rooms and two bathrooms.  Had an outdoor patio.  Huge flat screen TV.  They said they hardly have anyone in this room and I couldn't imagine how much it would have cost.They have an excellent spa.  We both got a massage.  It was fabulous.The casino is cheaper than the strip so I gambled there then we took the shuttle to the strip to see a few shows.  The downfall was it only drops you off at the end of the strip so we had to hike a bit to get to the show.A little hint.  If you are a Coke fan and can't stand Pepsi (like my wife) there is a theater within the resort you can get a large Coke there.  We peeked in the adult only pool.   There were a few elderly people there so we didn't walk in.
5	it doesn't get better than green valley ranch sports-book.  1 dollar beer, 1 dollar hot dogs, turf grill only top of the line food and priced very good, plus free well drinks when you gamble (must get coupon when you place wager).  get there early and you get your own TV. booth., the waitresses are very thorough, they walk down every isle and ask everybody if the want a drink. unlike ceasers.  the whole right side is for football and the left is for horse racing,  but you can pretty much sit anywhere.
5	If you want a successful small to medium business conference away from the distractions of the strip, look no further than GVR.We considered multiple properties for our event, and GVR staff went above and beyond to get our business, not to mention that this property is perfect for a wide range of demographics. The theme is Tuscany, and the decor is subtle and contemporary. There is even a small vineyard in the courtyard.It has all the right Vegas ingredients: modern pool are with a bar and cabanas, beautiful and delicious restaurants, large casino...but without the craziness of the strip. Of course, if the mood strikes, you can always venture out to the strip (we did one night), but GVR has everything you need for a proper Vegas vacation in one place.I will address some highlights: - Pool Area: plenty of comfortable lounge chairs, opium style beds and cabanas. Cute servers, eager and ready to bring you the next beverage of choice. - SPA & Fitness Center: Plenty of cardio machines, free weights and even some pl yos tools. It has it's own outdoor pool with covered lounges and a hot tub. Beautiful locker rooms. Complimentary towels, water and pool time ;-)  - Casino: not as big as other resorts on the strip, but large enough to have all the games you can think of, including sports betting area and a poker room as well as high rollers lounge. They also still have $5 bets for black jack and roulette...which is hard to find on the strip. - Restaurants: We tried them all, and they were all very good. Steak, sushi, seafood bar, Italian - whatever your palate is in the mood for. - Rooms: Get a view of the pool area. Rooms are spacious with large full size bathrooms complete with a glass shower and a soaking tub, even a small linen closet. There is also a vanity are in the hallway, which I loved using to get ready in the am.Staff was always helpful and courteous! I will be back at GVRP.S. GVR offers complimentary shuttle to and from the airport as well as to and from the main Vegas strip. Time slots are limited, but be sure to inquire about it when you book your reservations.
1	I dont think so....first off...you get NO incentives to come and play...oh wait...i just received my 10 dollar free slot play for the ENTIRE month...meaning...i can play twice this month at 5 dollars a pop...OH MY....thats not the worst part...second...i have like 30k in points on my supposed "locals freindly" card which cannot be used for slot play ,..only food,..guess what...(ill go grab about 20 pizzas and maybe just maybe my points will go down...yeah,,,oh wait,..watch out when you do the food thing too cause you will wind up paying something out of your pocket.....due to the food crooks at the food places there...other than that...s...l.....o....w.......cokctail service and ignortant security is what you can expect from a place that already hit bankruptcy.....dont play there....or at least...dont use their crappy card....trust me...
5	This is a nice spot to relax when visiting Las Vegas. Get away from the strip. Huge hotel has comfortable rooms and impressive suites. Sprawling Casino offers everything: great restaurants and bar, all the best gaming options. 24hr Fatburger, Waffle House in the morning. It has its own multi-screen movie theater and arcade. The spa is world class. Nearby are rows of small boutiques and food options. I'm a big fan of King Fish.
4	Really nice rooms.  Although the original tower is older, it is maintained very well.  Staying in this building can potentially save a ton of walking.  The newest rooms are really far from the lobby and the main casino.  Several years ago I asked for one of the 'new rooms'.  I had no idea that I'd have to walk to the 215!  And when my room key didn't work at 4am, it was waaay easier to use the house phone and wait in the hall than walk all the way to the lobby.  All of their rooms are very nice though.  Nice beds, nice amenities, and a very upscale feel.The casino has definitely improved over the years since they first opened.  Added a poker room, expended the casino, and added an extra pit.  AND they recently brought back the Grand Cafe! ----- really good breakfast.  Their buffet is the best of all of the Station's buffets.  They dropped the crab legs when the prices were lowered about a year ago, but for $14 the dinner is well worth it.All in all GVR is still a really nice property.
5	Considering I just wrote a review about the horrible part of my Las Vegas trip, I might as well pay a compliment!I stayed at GVR on NYE for the first time, and it was absolutely gorgeous.  Our flight arrived way before our check-in time, but we were still able to check into a room - which was great.  The customer service is amazing, both in the hotel, casino, and the sushi restaurant I ate in that night.The room was clean, a decent size (standard room)... and had everything we needed in it.  It was nice to stay in a good resort, and not be on the strip!  Everything was clean, exceeded my standards, and was the ONLY positive thing about my trip to Vegas!The pool area outside is absolutely amazing, I wish it had been warmer outside!  I most certainly plan on coming back to this resort.The ONLY word of caution I have (which isn't a big thing at all)... is pay attention to their shuttle times.  Coming from the airport, I believe they only run once every 3 hours or so.  I had to get a cab over to the resort, which isn't the end of the world - but if you can book your flight properly so you have time to catch the shuttle, why not!
4	Not a bad place to hang your hat in Green Valley.  The slots seem to pay OK.  I live closer to Red Rock but find this location to be better.
4	Came here for my fiancee's Christmas Party and booked a room for the night.  The room was beautiful, but our window was facing the parking lot.  Not my favorite part of it.  The bathroom was gorgeous and spacious.  The grounds were well kept.  The pool was breathtaking.  Will come back in the summer.  The catering was decent for the Christmas Party, pretty standard fare (prime rib, chicken, salmon, veggies and various salads).  Great time overall!!!
5	Until the Red Rock (http://www.yelp.com/biz/red-rock-casino-resort-and-spa-las-vegas-2) came along, the Green Valley Ranch was option numero uno among the growing property list of the Station Casino empire. It was and still is a very complete resort, a property with a little bit of everything. GVR recently celebrated its 10th anniversary, which in Vegas years means the novelty has worn off slightly. Despite that, it remains a great destination for all and is a great value for any stay.Similarly to Red Rock, GVR is off the strip. So off as a matter of fact, it's in Henderson (i.e. not Las Vegas). Relax I-only-stay-on-the-strip fans, it's a 10-15 minute shuttle ride at best from McCarran airport and is probably faster to get to than the Sahara, which is technically still on the strip. But like any good off strip property and especially those in Henderson, it means this joint is likely a locals casino (#1).As a hotel, GVR is definitely delivers. There are a multitude of room types, all of which are modern, contemporary, and feature some of the most comfy beds I've slept in. Everything from the regular sized rooms to the mega suites that could sleep 30, are available and for far more reasonable prices than most of the ones along Las Vegas Blvd. And at nearly 500 of them, there is plenty to choose from. I say, try to score a room near their pools - the view of the strip is nice, as is the amenities poolside.Casino enthusiasts should be able to appreciate the large casino space, which offers over 70 table games and over 2,000 gaming machines. Blackjack fans should be able to get their fill of over 30 tables dedicated to the game and poker fans will have a  decent variety of games to chose from as well. Their player rewards program is competitive, comp points from play is definitely transferrable to other Station properties. Dealers are usually quite friendly and the cigarette smoke is controlled rather well for a large space. The cocktail staff could definitely use an upgrade, but I digress.In terms of eats, there is a decent selection but the outstanding venues are a bit limited. Hank's Steaks & Martinis (http://www.yelp.com/biz/hanks-fine-steaks-and-martinis-henderson) is the obvious winner of the bunch and then there is the pitiful TIdes Oyster Bar (http://www.yelp.com/biz/tides-oyster-bar-henderson). I echo the pains of eating at Grand Cafe (http://www.yelp.com/biz/grand-cafe-henderson) though the Feast (Around The World) Buffet (http://www.yelp.com/biz/feast-buffet-henderson-3) has been fantastic and mediocre at varying times. It's no In-N-Out, but Fatburger (http://www.yelp.com/biz/fatburger-henderson-2) is gut bustingly good. Sushi + Sake (http://www.yelp.com/biz/sushi-sake-las-vegas) is a fun time, especially for their AYCE deal. Italian joint Terra Verde (http://www.yelp.com/biz/terra-verde-henderson) is decent during lunch, though I much preferred it when Hell's Kitchen winner Rock was still running the show.GVR has a lot of random amenities, which really distinguish it from it's nearby (or far away depending on how you look at it) properties. Like the Red Rock, there is a movie theater. The Pond (http://www.yelp.com/biz/the-pond-henderson), is a real cool and relaxing alternative to their sick pools. A great place to catch an outdoor concert is at The Backyard (http://www.yelp.com/biz/the-backyard-henderson) and Ovation (http://www.yelp.com/biz/ovation-henderson) is a real concert venue. Every casino has a center floor bar and in GVR's case, it's the Drop Bar (http://www.yelp.com/biz/drop-bar-henderson). I'd also recommend visiting the Lobby Bar (http://www.yelp.com/biz/lobby-bar-henderson) as it's probably the closest thing to a club GVR has. The property may not boast a lot of shopping, but it sits right next to The District (http://www.yelp.com/biz/the-district-at-green-valley-ranch-henderson), a village of boutique and luxury stores, just perfect for those looking for an escape from the casino. It's rarely ever crowded, but then again, neither is the casino.Though GVR could probably use an upgrade on a few things, the property itself is good enough to warrant a 4.5 star rating. It's versatile, stylish, and spacious enough for all visitors. Folks who are teetering the idea of staying off the strip with almost everything at their disposal, should consider GVR as their next destination.___________(#1) This is a very, very good thing.
3	We picked this hotel solely based on the fact we booked a fishing excursion for my dads 70th bday and it's closer to lake mead than the encore where I usually stay. The first place GVR failed me was the room, my wife and I are in our 30s yet the front desk in their infinite wisdom decides to put us into a room with a handicap bathroom stall with no place other than the floor to put shampoo conditioners etc. Although they advertise a close proximity to the strip , trust me it is not that close at least a min of 15 min drive sans traffic. Although I thought the food at the hotel was about average, my parents weren't impressed hence making it difficult on me since they insisted on eating most of our meals away from the hotel and as I mentioned earlier this hotel is not close to las Vegas blvd or spring mtn. But by far the worst thing about this place is horrible way they comp players, not sure how they get anyone to gamble here. I'm routinely comped my stays at the encore so you can imagine my surprise and disgust when the host said he could only barely take off one 70 dollar night of a 3 night stay after I played there over 5 hours a night averaging about 100 bucks a bet. On the other hand the craps dealers are very competent and friendly. We probably tipped them a few hundred total during our trip here, which makes it even more unconscionable how stingy the hosts were with the comps . Essentially mediocre food, inconvenient location, and super stingy casino hosts make this a very mediocre place to stay in the vegas area. With soo many better better choices within a 20 mile radius you probably would be doing yourself a favor by staying elsewhere especially if you are a table game player.
2	Ate the Sunday Champagne Brunch at the Feast Buffet at Green Valley Ranch on Sunday Jan. 29th.Have eaten at the Feast Buffet at Sunset Station several times with good results.Thought the Buffet at Green Valley Ranch would be better, but I was wrong.The service was awful.  My servers name was Tish or Trish and all she had to do was bring a glass of champagne every 10 minutes or so, and she couldn't figure out how to do that.  There was an elderly gentleman sitting at the table next to mine and he physically stood up, got out of his chair and tried unsuccessfully to waive someone down 3 times so he could get some coffee.  I finally went to the hostess and explained the problem, and she brought us some more champagne and a pot of coffee for the gentleman at the next table, but the service didn't improve after that. The Sunday brunch at Green Valley Ranch costs $4 more than the Brunch at Sunset Station as well, so I paid more for bad service.The food was the same as that which you'll find at Sunset Station as well.Save your money and stay away from this place.
4	Just finished our company meetings here and since I live in the area and stayed here before, figured it was time to write about it.....1.  Hotel - Modern, clean, luxurious and far enough away from the casino that you are safely ensconced in a smoke free area.  Rates are a bit high, however, the luxury is worth it.2  Meeting Rooms - All adjustable and very accommodating. Easy access from either the casino side or the hotel side.  Staff is great, food is great, they are real professionals.3.  Entertainment - Besides the gambling, they have a small theater with smaller size screens.  Kids Area for video gaming.  Plenty of things to do for a family.4  Food - Great food choices in the food court. Fatburger, Caproitti, U Swirl, Panda Express are all favorites. You have fine dining for sushi, chinese, steak, irish pub (liquid diet), and more. This place has a great selection.5.  Ambiance - Upscale and classy.  Easy access and parking.
5	I love GVR!  It's always super clean and most of the workers are friendly.  The rooms are beautiful as well.  There are a lot of places to eat inside from a nice food court all the way to high end steaks and sushi.  Hanks Steakhouse is probably the best meal I've ever had.  Try the creamed corn.. seriously!  It will change your life.Always lots of gaming tables and a couple really cool bars to hang out at.  Drop Bar is especially awesome after 9 or so at night.The majority of the night shift casino dealers are very nice..  much nicer than most of the annoyed, angry dealers on the strip!!  Love the dealers here.  Don't forget to throw em a tip!  :)  They now have $5 double deck Blackjack 24/7.There's 2 parking garages and also a large street level lot on one side.  There's also 2 different valets I think.  There's a nice movie theater too!2 minute walk from the casino there's a shopping area called The District which has lots of places to eat, bars, coffee, ice cream, frozen yogurt, and also some nice shops to buy clothing and other things.  The casino's gift shop has some really nice things in it as well as the prices aren't terrible marked up surprisingly.The pool is GORGEOUS and has an area with beach sand that goes into the pool.  There's usually more children around than I like but that's why they have a separate 21+ pool.  There's a beautiful private pool for the spa but I've never been able to use it.  :'(I really can't say enough good things about this casino.  I purposely chose the house  I live in because it's one mile away.. that's either pretty cool or pretty sad.  hahaI am super excited that they fired their casino manager a couple months ago.  She was terrible and was completely ruining the casino!  GOOD JOB, GVR!!
3	Pretty close to the house so we have been there a few times. Very nice property, usually quiet. Have noticed kind of an older crowd. This is one of the "upscale" Station casinos. Got a bunch of $50 gift cards for $25ea. Easy to find parking in the garage (out of the sun.) Their buffet is smaller and the line can be quite long and slow moving. If you get a players club card the buffet is a good deal. The origional pancake house has a great apple pancake. The have a theater and are close to shopping and restaurants.Have had mixed success at blackjack but the dealers are always friendly. Think i am about even or perhaps a little behind. Have found it nearly impossable to get a cocktail. oh well saves on tips. Not sure about slots but have not heard of any friends retiring on their winnings from GVR.
4	Tonight I came to GVR to meet a couple of buddies for a few drinks.  Green Valley Ranch is to me, the best comparison to a strip casino, off the strip (if that makes sense).  Basically speaking, it's the best off the strip casino.  This place is nice, clean and has a very classy vibe. I've been here for the buffet many times and it is very inexpensive.  The bathrooms are cleaned on a consistenty basis.  There's a lot of parking and I never find myself walking far from my parking.  I also think the neighborhood of Green Valley is awesome.  There's Whole Foods close by, Lucille's BBQ and best of all, my job is 2 minutes away.  In the casino, there's a great food court option, nice restaurants such as Terra Verde and Hank's Steakhouse and awesome bars like Quinn's and the Drop Bar.  Because it's close to my work and home, I find myself there a lot on weekends and I know theres a great weekend vibe amongst the locals.
5	Nice clean place.  Very classy.  Enjoyed our stay here.
5	I loved the roulette table slot machine.  I think more casinos should add them.  Didn't think I'd like GVR Casino but I didn't want to gamble anywhere else.  I will definitely be back (next time to trap the craps slot).
4	This is a very nice casino. It is yet another of the Station chain, which I very much like. We enjoyed the gambling, and the buffet even more. If you are in the Henderson area, this is a very good place to go.
5	Friend visiting and we were heading out with the hubby watching the child for some fun.  I love Green Valley Ranch which I thought would be a great place for my friend to come see and enjoy The District which is attached.  We were looking for electronic Roulette and they had it.  We played for over 3 hours - too much fun.  We had a smoothie at Tropical Smoothie which is located in their food court.  Also, the valet workers were very nice and the ease of getting my car and feeling safe around midnight was wonderful.  My friend who always stays at the strip says the next time they are in town they want to stay at Green Valley.  :)
4	Minus one star, $28 resort fee, wtf, highway robbery!  And where did Original Pancake house go?  Still a gorgeous resort, very beautiful grounds and pool area.  Awesome room and toiletries.  I love being far from the strip, much more relaxing.  Please management reconsider the steep resort fee!!
3	On our way home from GVR now.  I give 3 stars to the hotel over-all, but give the pool staff at the towel cabana 1 star.  My husband and I stayed one night.  The check in was good and they had our room available upon arrival.  The A/C did not work and we waited 1 hour for someone to come confirm the motor was out.  They called for us to be moved which was a pain since it was on another floor, but it was a better pool view room.  Rooms are nice and bathrooms are spacious.  The dealers were all nice in the casino.  My BIG complaint is that the roulette number postings were not working properly at 2 of the table and not at all at 2 of the tables.  I think it is misleading and deceptive to show numbers posting only 50% of the time.  REGARDLESS of the odds, players look at those numbers and often players walk up and play black or red based on what they see hitting.  I complained to the pit boss and several dealers and nobody really addressed it.  It was annoying, but I still had fun and the waitresses were pretty regular with the drinks.The hotel, pool area and casino are very clean.  The pool area has a LOT of wasted space and the pool is too small.  The biggest joke was that we got coffees inside at Coffee Bean and walked outside to lay by the pool today and were stopped in our tracks and told we could not bring our "outside" coffees into the pool area! So ridiculous!  In addition to the bad rule, the girl had a bad attitude and pointed to the sign to explain the rule.  I tried to lighten the air telling her it was my birthday and the 1st coffee I had had in 40 days (since I gave it up for LENT) but she had no words for me.  So we had to sit on the wall and gulp our coffee before entering.  An older couple walked up with their GVR coffees and they were abruptly told they could not enter, either.  Very ridiculous.  We will not be returning. If you are looking for a non strip hotel, Red Rock is MUCH better!
5	This was one of my favorite places at the resort. Very clean and they provide complimentary water and towels for the gym. All the equipment works great, and they have enough of everything to make sure you get a great workout. The treadmills each have their own TV and they provide you complimentary headphones (new in a bag). The view from the gym is of the pool, so you can have motivation to work out harder. There was only one other person in there everytime I went in. Perfect.
3	I stayed there back in 2008 and had an enjoyable stay.  I have never stayed off the strip before when coming to the Las Vegas area but this trip was completely comped so of course I took it.  It definitely had a slower-paced and quieter, more tranquil feel.  If you are older (middle aged on up or so) you would definitely find this place to be great.  There are bars in the hotel but the hotel definitely does not have a party atmosphere.  I missed the energy, fun and party lifestyle of being on the strip.  If, however, you are looking for a nice, clean, quiet place to enjoy Vegas, this place is the best.  The poolside cabanas were great, with well-stocked beverages, a flat screen, and comfy seats but the pool beside the cabanas was small (long and narrow).  I got a massage at the spa which was incredible so I will go out of my way to return there for that reason alone.
4	Stayed here in March of 2011 with my parents.  Rooms and hotel are top notch, service was great, lobby was beautiful.  Pool and landscaping were very nice it reminded me of a southern plantation, not sure exactly how else to describe it, but I liked it a lot so two thumbs up to the designer.  I will most definitely return to this hotel when I'm in Vegas again.  It's amazing what a different vibe you get when you are off the strip.
5	By far my favorite casino to lose my money and sometimes win.  They have a nice food court selection, a variety of other great dining choices.  The dealers here are very friendly.  Tam, Manny, and Joe are some of my favorites at the craps tables.  They remember how you like to play and take care of it for you.  They will help you if there is something you don't know.  Sometimes they give you advice if they think you should do something different from what you originally wanted to do which often keeps you playing longer.  The air system in here is pretty good.  You don't get too smokey unless sitting by a smoker of course. . .
4	Green Valley.....almost perfect....almost paradise.Went for spring break, just for some weeknight gaming.... Clean, comfy, relaxing, friendly, TONS of VP Machines.... cocktail waitresses not the prettiest, but always comes around like clockwork.....Dropped over a K in 2 nights......come now....looosen up those machines.....
1	Station Casinos latest way to prey on locals is their 'Boarding Pass Specials'. The offer does not reveal in fine print or anywhere else that to get the 'special price' you also have to buy a beverage at $2.75 or more for EACH offer. We ordered all you can eat pancakes $2.99, and bacon cheeseburger for $3.99 - and then forced to spend $5.50 for two sodas. No where does the offer reveal this hidden requirement, so before you head out to Green Valley Resort or any other Station Casino, thinking you are going to get a meal deal, Beware.Station casions say "We Love Locals" but what they forget is we can also go to South Point, PT's, The M, and a myriad of other places and bypass our Green Valley "neighborhood casino" for years to come.
4	I go to vegas a lot now... Seems like about once or twice a month. Somehow I almost always end up here.Green Valley isn't one of the most well-known or elaborate resorts out there but it has a quaint (If there is indeed a casino that can have any sort of a 'quaint' quality) that keeps my boyfriend and I coming back. The people who work there are so sweet and are very kind and helpful with everyone they deal with. I witnessed one of their employees dealing with some pretty difficult people. They were very professional and I diplomatic.They do have a buffet which we frequent most visits. There is a wait but then again there is probably a bit of a wait for all buffets in Vegas. Although they do have a number of yummy dishes, they don't have the largest selection. There are probably better buffets out there but this one is affordable and they stuff they do have their is pretty decent.The machines are random. The first time we played we won $60 when we played with only $4. Most of the time your wallet will end up lighter when you leave. Such is Vegas!Big Plus:It also helps that there is a singer that I really adore that seems to play in their awesome lounge/bar every Saturday night. My mom and I are planning to go see him this summer! Hope he is still there ^_^
2	To be honest, this hotel majorly sucks.  The website states and I quote: "Luxurious and affordable..."  True, it is luxurious. Affordable? In my plain-spoken opinion, no.  It really is over-rated when people say 'affordable', it's a matter of perspective.   From a family perspective, dealing with three children, it isn't affordable.  The massages here literally run into the hundreds, just for one hour to eighty minutes.  I can get the same type of massage near home for just twenty dollars an hour.  I can get five massages back home for the prices they offer here.  It's so bogus.   There is a certain factor of timing as well, we probably chose a bad time to go to the Resort because there's an event going on in the pool right now; which puts a curfew into play.  We're trapped inside our rooms, we can't get through the central promenade.  You have to pay like $14+ for generic wifi. Food here is hella expensive.  Massages are hella expensive.  It feels like a beautiful prison. We are in a prison, God save our souls.  Aside from the crappy, misleading claims that the website states and the prison-like regulations the service here is really bomb.  The staff here is really young and they act very fast and efficiently.  The only reason why I'm giving this place two stars is because of the service, not the place itself; the sheer joy of loving service, it's something I respect.     Will I come back here? Personally, no.  I would stay at the strip if I were smarter, get closer to the action.  Green Valley Ranch was a huge waste of my time and effort.    Excuse me if I offended anybody's opinion, it's just this place was one of the most irritating Resorts I have ever been to in my lifetime.
2	Unfortunately I have to say even though this is a pretty nice Hotel, the fact that I was placed in a room with a window facing the Parking Structure and the stairs right in my face was a terrible experience, especially since I had to wake up early in the morning to the sound of people going up and down the metal parking stairs. That room should not even exists, and even if it does it shouldn't be assigned to anyone on a Sunday night when obviously 90% of the rooms were empty!!! Also there was weird noise coming out of the toilet pipes. Everything else was good but the kind of room I was in needs to be the last room given out, along with a warning from the front desk about it having a parking garage view with super loud stairways right in your ears!! I was going to ask to be moved, but had to walk a good 5-7 minutes all the way to the edge of their east tower just to get to that room, too tired to complain, and I shouldn't be the one to tell the receptionist about these things anyways!This place is pretty far from the Strip by the way, in case that is why you're going to Vegas, make sure to calculate $50 cab rides, each way, to the Strip into your budget. Although apparently there are some shuttle services available.The best thing about this place is the awesome pool area. Lots of room to hang out and have a fun day out in the sun.I only had a one night experience, and it was not a good one; disappointing enough to make me write this review! As a business, most of the time you only have one chance with a potential customer, and this one was lost.
4	I just attended a conference there for the first time and this is a very nice off-strip resort-style hotel. The grounds are kept up very well and the interior of the lobby and rooms are nice. I didn't gamble here, but ate at Hanks Steakhouse, which was excellent, both in service and food. My one complaint is their "bait and switch" tactic for room rates. When I called for room under my conference rate, they said rooms at that rate weren't available so I had to pay $40 more. OK fine. Then when I arrived on Sunday night, they asked if I still wanted a king bed room, which is what I signed up for in my reservation. When I said yes, they said there were none available, so I could have a room with two beds or they could "give" me an upgrade to a larger room with a king. Well, the upgrades they could "give" me were either $50 or $75 more on top of my already higher rate. The room was bigger, but it overlooked the roof of one of the parts of the hotel, and they are really subtle on how they ask if I still want that kind of room. The point is I eventually paid over $100 more than what I originally should have because of how they managed this at check-in. Maybe since they know this is a business trip, they figure you are not so conscious of rates going up that much. Plus, it was a Sunday night, so I doubt they could have been that full. Another compliment though is during checkout, the line had about 12 guests in it and only two people working at the desk. It took a while to get another person to work the desk, but they gave bottles of water to everyone in line. Not a really big deal, but most hotels don't even do that.
5	I hate to say that this was my 10th time staying at GVR and I have never reviewed them.  I love this property! This trip was a 3-day comp to compete in a craps tournament I was invited to play in. Of course I can't turn that down so off we went. This was the smallest room I have ever stayed in at GVR which was just your standard 2 queen bed room. My previous times I have always upgraded to a larger tuscany suite which if you have never done, do it!  Always nice having a little extra space.  Food options are great. And the $2.99 all you can eat pancakes for being a player are always nice. See my review on Hank's.   We spent 2 whole days at the pool. Like always a great time. Quick drink service in the chairs. Friednly bar staff and a cold pool to refresh yourself.  Can't wait to go back!
5	So yeah. This place only gets five stars because there isn't a place for 6 stars. No it is not on the strip, and that is a bonus. You sit out on the pool and enjoy the serene view in serenity. I thought Shangri-la was suppose to be fictional, but they achieved it here. I don't usually associate romance with Vegas, but this place was a dream personified. The bed was amazingly comfortable and big. The balcony looked out over a sleepy residential neighborhood filled with palm trees. The tub was massive, and there was a glass shower with a steam option. Black Jack and poker tables downstairs, there was even a poker tournament. Lots of tasty food options right on the premises. Vegas baby!
4	2 queen beds with a pool view - the room is bigger than the average hotel room and the bathroom is also bigger. It has a separate tub from the stand up shower and the toilet is in a separate room.The pool area is nice.  Jesse was a great cocktail waitress, she has bright red hair.  Sit in her section and you won't regret it.  I can't say the same about the "pool amabassador" named Emily.  She was super rude.  I intend to email the hotel about her behavior.With the exception of Emily, everyone was nice.  I plan on returning again next summer for a week.  This is a perfect spot for a family vacation.  It almost reminds me of being on a cruise ship. I love that they have a movie theatre and CBTL on property and lots of cool shops and restaraunts across the street.
5	Beautiful hotel and casino.  The rooms are very nice.  Their pool, The Pond, is a fun hangout spot and their spa is a great place to go for pedi's and mani's.  If you're a local you get 20% off.
5	Absolutely perfect place to unwind and have fun.  Great casino - well designed, clean & modern.  Awesome Poker Room - pocket rockets please and diamonds for the Lady!!!The Pool - snazzy & sophisticated - and a bit more welcoming of all age groups unlike the Palms & Planet Hollywood set.For a great weekend with family, a corporate event or just with the Love of your Life - this place is very special.
4	Very nice place to stay. Buffet line was very long, about 30 min wait in the VIP line and was just OK. The rooms are large. very nice decor. The people were very nice. The kids loved the pool with the sandy beach walk-in. my only neg was that the sink had a huge crack in it and the drain was very slow. Oh and I was a little sticker shocked by the $7, 12 oz. lemonade at the pool. No wonder there are no prices on the drink menu.
1	Ok... so this might end up being a long review, so let me get to the main points before I explain my reasoning.Customer service is the WORST my wife and I have ever experienced.Intentionally difficult and not accommodating.Lied to us, and screwed us out of money!Ok, so I will start out with our story.  My wife and I purchased a groupon several months ago to celebrate our honey moon.  We got married the day before we ended up checking in...  but our problems with them started WAY before check in.Before we bought the groupon, we had checked with them to make sure our dates for our honeymoon were available.   We were stoked b/c a 4 start resort on a discount!!! plus it will be a place we can always come back to, to celebrate.  So we bought the groupon and literally the moment we had it in our had, we went to book the room for 6 days...  turns out... they were mistaken, they didn't have the rooms available for us.after SEVERAL weeks going back and forth, even getting laughed at (when they thought they put us on hold, one representative said to another representative  "another one of the groupon people" then laughed) we had not reached an agreement.I went to Groupon to get a refund... I explained what happened, and they said the would see what they could do.  Groupon called back and were able to get me 4 out of the 6 days I purchased, and would refund me the rest... Groupon by the way has REMARKABLE customer service.So anyway, my wife and I get married and we go to check in.  I tell the front desk guy (Jake), "Hi, Brett V_______, checking in for our honeymoon"... he says... "name again".  I respond "Brett V____, checking in for our honeymoon"  he responds "ok".  I present the the groupon and he asks if I've read the terms of the groupon and there card policy" (they freeze $100 a day you are there).  I tell him yes.  He says, ok... then proceeds to check me and asks if we want an upgrade for certain prices.  I say, "no, we are trying to keep on our honeymoon budget."  He continues to check us in... and we get the keys to our 1st floor, view of the parking garage, room.Not to mention our room came with a bluetooth pick floss thing that was left on the floor, and left there by housekeeping our whole stay, and under the table was some guy's boarding pass from MARCH!!!Look, I'm not expecting a free upgrade b/c it's our honeymoon... but we got a CRAP room... and can I at least get a freaking "congratulations" or "thank you for choosing Green Valley for your honeymoon"...  I didn't get squat... or even common courtesy.Not sure if it's b/c Groupon people are treated as 2nd class citizens, or they had a note in my file b/c I had to have Groupon step in and hold Green Valley to their own contractually agreed upon word.The wifey had a massage, which she said was nice, and her masseuse, was awesome... but the spa staff just didn't give 2 craps about her.  The Groupon says it comes with $25 a day resort credit, which we banked for her massage.  The spa pool is nice b/c its away from the kids and partying/loud music.  I ordered a drink at the spa pool and it took about 45 minutes to get it.  A couple of hours later I witnessed  2 ladies saying they were refusing to pay for their food b/c it had been over an hour and they didn't want it anymore.When we finally checked out, they told me they wouldn't be applying the $25 a day credit to my massage bill (thus the expensive massage I had banked it for) b/c it was a "pool credit".  I told them it never specified it was a pool credit... they said it did... I double checked my groupon... nope... they are lying... does not say pool credit... it says resort credit.  the Spa is a part of the resort.  When I asked to see where the $25 a day credit went then... they told me "it wasn't on the bill and to not worry about it".  Sorry Green Valley, you are underhanded, slimy, and crooked in your dealings.The only positive thing I can truly say about the place,  the staff at the "Tides" restaurant were over the top nice (my wife pointed it out and wondered if they knew the rest of the resort's customer service sucks so much, that Tides makes up for it) and they have a GREAT view for fireworks if you park on the 215 garage.ok, that's it.  If you've made it thus far with my griping... I urge you not to go there... We wont be returning.Brett & Linds
4	GVR is a nice place to stay. I will stay there again.  I would warn again upgrading your room to a suite though.  It's definitely not worth the cost.  We were offered an upgrade with a balcony. We were told we would have views of The Strip and views of the pool.  We decided to upgrade.  The room was nice, but it was not all that much better than their regular room.  The balcony was very nice.  The balcony had a 4-person table and chairs set, and two very comfy lounge chairs.  This was nice.  However, there was absolutely no view of The Strip or the pool.  The balcony suites are on the first floor!!!!! How could the check-in girl not know this? I don't know.  We were definitely disappointed that there was no view.
1	I want to let everyone know what a horrible place this hotel is.  They have the worst customer service I have EVER dealt with.  I was there for a dance competition and I had a plate of some other table half eaten food dropped on my outfit.  I tried to wash it out myself but the stains would not come out.  After waiting 20 mins for Food Manager to come out the staff told me to go down to the VIP service. I then had the WORST MEETING WITH SHANA.  They put someone in VIP who has the worst attitude.  I told her the story and she said I don't know I suggest you go back downstairs to see what they could do. Never once did she apologize for how I was being treated or offered any solution to this problem.  I then said do you think maybe you could call downstairs and locate the manager.  She stared at me blankly then rolled her eyes as she dialed the number.  HAD NO CLUE WHAT TO DO AND GAVE ME ATTITUDE FOR HER STAFF DROPPING A PLATE OF HALF EATEN FOOD ON MY OUTFIT!!!!.  I then went to file a complaint on her and I received a COMPLETE JERK by the name of Gerghig (pretty sure that is the spelling), he made me tell him the whole story again and at the end said oh I can't help you but let me find someone who can.  I waited another 15 mins for someone to come out.  He came out and said that his manager was on the phone and I would have to wait.  I told him at this point I have been waiting to speak to someone for 45 mins and he said oh well you need to be patient.  WHAT??? I have been waiting for 45 mins so I asked him to go back and ask his manager to come out.  He rolled his eyes and went in the back never to come out.  Then a lady named Raylynn came out and said that she did not find anything that her staff did wrong and the best they could do is send out my clothes to be cleaned.  I told her with how unorganized the staff was and her attitude I did not feel confident in trusting them with my items!  She rolled her eyes and NEVER APOLOIGIZED.  On top of that we were staying with a group and they walked in on housekeeping going through there personal belongings!The hotel is old and dark and outdated.  I would not even considered this a resort but a motel style place to stay at best!  There are so many nice places to stay do not rob yourself of a great vacation by staying here!
3	I have mixed feelings about the Green Valley Ranch.  On one hand, I love that they lent me a wheelchair (at no cost) since I was injured and on crutches.  I am thankful for that assistance on my recent stay.  I was impressed that when I called housekeeping to let them know we spilled Jamba Juice in the hallway, they cleaned it up quickly.  Cleaning of our room each day was not so impressive.  I could tell we didn't get vacuumed.  The poor construction of the shower door resulted in a puddle of water each time it was used, and most of all, I was unimpressed with the selection of food available throughout the day.  While they had a 24/7 cafe open at all times, there were only a handful of casual spots in the food court, and the Chinese & Japanese restaurants were only open for dinner.  I'd highly recommend adding a Starbucks.  The poker room was a nice size, but I never saw it full.  I played in one of the morning tournaments, and was surprised the blinds and running time weren't posted on any screens for the players.  My friend thought there weren't enough chairs for people down at the pool, as many people had to lay on the grass.  I'd much rather stay at their sister location, Red Rock.
3	This is for the Green Valley Ranch 'Feast' Buffet. Yelp has a bunch of entries that run together.We went at about 4pm to learn that their $5 buffet had become a $13 buffet per person. I couldn't tell you what the difference was in food, as it seemed the same. Fortunately for them, the food selection and quality was excellent. They also offered a complementary glass of wine for each of us.The only thing that was a letdown was the dessert. Overly sugary confectionary stuff without any true variety, I found. For $5 it would have definitely hit 4-star material. For $13, in Vegas, they just get a 3 from me.
3	I had a great stay at GVR with the exception of the Front Desk ServiceI had purchased a Groupon and booked my stay the same day without any problems. This was our first time staying here since we normally stay on The Strip. I thought it would be a great change of pace to stay on the outskirts. The hotel itself is beautiful and the rooms are great too. The casino and restaurants are top notch and we had a great time. Unfortunately, we were unable to hang out by the pool like we had hoped too but just our luck, there was a storm that hit Henderson/Las Vegas area that same weekend. It was hot and humid with lighting and thunder storms. But we made do and had a great time regardless.My problem is with the Front Desk staff/service both checking in and checking out. The line for check in on Friday afternoon was outrageous. At least 20 people waiting in line and only 2 employees working the front desk. They eventually added a 3rd employee to check in but that really didn't help much. It took 30 min of waiting in line before I finally got up to the front   desk. The manager should have staffed more employees for Friday check in. There are 5 computers, so 5 people should be working. The employee who checked us in was very nice and helpful though, I believe his name is Edgar or something similar to that. He had great customer service skills. He got us checked in fast and on our way.Checking out took just as long.  I thought that I would be smart and check out over the express check out in our room. I noticed that they didn't take off the $50 resort credit that was included in the Groupon and also charged me 2 night's worth of Internet use when they specifically told me that it was FREE to use. So, here I go again standing in a long line with a wait of 30 min on Sunday and yet again, only 2 people working the Front Desk. The hotel manager needs to staff his people better.
2	Okay, so I got a pretty decent rate for this place so I booked it, BUT once they add the 24.99 plus tax a night resort fee, it was no "deal" at all. The resort itself is nice. The rooms are clean, nicely appointed, and comfortable. The front desk staff upon check in was fine, but the food on their "supposedly" 5 star restaurants was a joke. we waited over an hour (after ordering) for our breakfast...eggs and toast and some hollandaise sauce. The eggs came out after sitting for so long that the yolks were grey and the hollandaise had a thick crusty coating on top..I would have been better off eating some thing out of a vending machine.   The night shift must be the "b" team. Unfortunately, we were on a floor with a large party that insisted the hallway was part of their rooms and they kept us up until about 2 o'clock before security finally got them to stop.  Do yourself a favor and skip the bars at the resort (especially is you see Will behind one of them). The drinks are OUTRAGEOUS and they don't even make them right. The bartenders have horrible attitudes and there are plenty of restaurant bars across the street that would gladly welcome you. (try AL's garage; awesome joint, good drinks, open 24/7).  We had a coupon for buy one get one free at some of the bars on the property, we order 2 shots that we were charged 12.00 a piece for and the rude bartender told us they weren't included in the 2 for 1 but wouldn't give us our drink coupon back. We went to the front desk to ask for a comment card and the desk attendant told us he would get one...we stood there for 10 minutes and he sent a some one else to come deliver them to us. When we filled them out and returned them, he walked around the corner and threw them in the trash. I guess if you like to sit by a pool then maybe this place is for you, but if you appreciate even a decent meal or drink and perhaps a good attitude to the folks you are paying 125.00 plus a night for then go to the strip where people actually appreciate you as a patron.
3	The reason I am leaving 3 stars is when I stayed there 7-6 to 7-9 there was some sort of dance competition going on with tweens and teen aged girls. COMPLETELY ruined my peaceful getaway to Henderson. They were loud and their moms were letting them run amuck. Las Vegas is not a place to bring teenagers. The adults who are paying for a vacation for peace and quiet did not get it. The staff was courteous and polite and all went above and beyond for us. Except some person who answered the phone who called herself "Kathy" she was rude and told the assistant manager when I reported a bottle of patron missing from our room.  The assistant manager was a sweetheart and the poor lady was getting chewed out by a dance mom when we went to go see her.  We didn't yell at her. It was not her fault some things weren't getting done. We were told that they removed the patron bottles for "expiration date" purposes. We think one of the staff was stealing them because other guests stated to us that the bottles were missing from their rooms as well. Some of the housekeeping staff decided not to clean our room after our first night. But once I told the front desk they sent someone right away. I will give the staff props for trying to make things right whenever I presented a concern....except when I was put on hold for 20 mins and the operator never returned when I was calling to report the missing patron bottle from our room. Check-In was extremely painful I think it was due to the dance moms and their kids. Now don't get me wrong, I like children, I LOVE them actually but these bunch of girls made me want to blow my brains out....and I was on VACATION!We had booked our stay so we could see Jeff Timmons perform. We were disappointed we weren't offered a discount. We saw him perform at the Rio last year with the Chippendale's and they offered us special packages to stay at their hotel. This resort was just beautiful. There is a target down the street and a cheesecake factory all located near the resort. I fell in love with the place my last night there.  If I ever get married, I want to do it here. The rates are very reasonable and the grounds are beautiful....but I have yet to check out Caesar's Palace. ha haThis is definitely a great place to stay off the strip. I love Las Vegas but as I get older I like a bit of serenity on vacation and Green Valley's property offers that. I just hope in the future they don't hold dance competitions on the weekend I am staying there.
3	Resort looks very nice and great appearance but rooms have very poor plumbing.  Heard water being ran through pipes all night and hardly got any sleep.  Got groupon deal but look to pay 29 dollars per night for resort fee even though groupon states 24.99 and another 18 dollars in tax per night ( 47 dollars per day).  Spa and workout facilities are kept up very nicely and pool is also very nice.
4	Good solid casino/resort/etc.  I think of GVR as upscale for the local Las Vegas casinos.  Although I think their buffet is not any better than the Sunset Station, which they also own.  The parking lot is perfectly located.  Drops you right in the middle of the action and not a long haul that some other casinos make you do.  Last night when I was there, I thought their ventilation system was not working as good as it should.  I realize that people are allowed to smoke while gaming, but I shouldn't reek of it just by walking through.  I like the Regal movie theaters.  I hear good things about their pools, but I just haven't gotten around to them.  Next on my list!
1	If I could give negative starts, I would. This place HAS THEE WORST CUSTOMER SERVICE EVER! They discriminate against people of different color and did not even try to hide it! The manager, was not helpful at all. I would put all of the rude people on blast if I knew I wasn't going to get filtered! I will be contacting Hastings Law firm for the horrible horrible weekend I had with my family there. We even booked the mediterranean suite because it looked to fabulous. Later we found out the carpets have not been washed for how many years, mold in the restroom, and just plain horrible. The worst part? RATS RATS RATS RATS RATS RATS and BABY RATS!!! Ewwwwww!!! I felt bad for people who were having thier wedding held there because as soon as I saw the rats, I didn't even want to leave my room. Maybe I should call the health and food commitee to have them check out the place? Sad part is, Green Valley Ranch was my ALL TIME fav spot to be in Vegas. We started going there when it first opened... When I was about 18! I'm 30 now... Green Valley had a special place in my heart. Up until now, I have never not once felt discriminated on until I went to Green Valley recently. What a horrible mess it has become. One more thing. The chlorine in the pool is to strong! I didn't even dip my head in the pool and my eyes were watery the WHOLE time while watching my son.Sorry but this place SUCKS. They couldn't even admit they were wrong. Horrible place to not be a great customer service person!
4	My friends and I came here for one reason: The $4.99 breakfast buffet! Yeah it's ridiculously cheap. HOWEVER, in order to get that price, you must get the bording pass. It's free to sign up so just make sure you do that before lining up to the buffet.We got in 30 min before they started serving the lunch items so we got to sample both their breakfast and lunch offerings. Highlights of our meal(s) were their omelet bar, scalloped potatoes and the carved meat area.Also, beverages are included so don't worry about paying additional fees.
5	We stayed here two nights using a Groupon deal that included $50 credit and breakfast buffet for two days.  The bed was comfortable, the room was clean and quiet.  The place is a resort and is upscale all around.  You can get to your room without going through the casino depending on where you park which is rare in any Vegas hotel. The lobby though is not easy to get to as it is on the floor below the main floor.  Plenty of parking. We used the adult pool and regular pool.  The adult pool is small but the lounge seats are nice.  The regular pool has sand to simulate a beach and the pool staff is good eye candy for both men and women. The hotel is across from a shopping center that was practically empty.  There are sit down restaurants and fast food places in the hotel..  We ate at their buffet and Tides restaurant which I reviewed on Yelp.  The place is about a 15 minute drive to the strip with no traffic.
4	I would have given this hotel 5 stars and a huge thumbs up if it weren't for the bizarre arrogance of the valet staff. I stayed here yesterday and to get yelled at by a valet for simply asking him to get the keys to your car is unacceptable. This morning, same ass hole attitude. At one point, I asked one of the ass hole valets if this in fact, "a five star hotel?" Maybe the hotel itself is five star, but literally once you step outside its like a bunch a of D-student frat guys in their mid-late 30's parking cars.
4	Love GVR. Good food, good pool, good sports book and have Kona Longboard on Tap!!
5	I do the HAPPY DANCE when I know I'm going to "The Pond @ GVR" This place is amazing, I think my bestie Ebony for introducing me to this place. A MUST TRYThe Pond is the adult pool @ GVR, sorry NOT topless...Adult Pool.  Free Entry, 21+ ONLY!  Towels IncludedLounge Chairs are FREE (They go FAST, so get there early) $100 - Beds ($100 Tab of food and drinks covers your bed)$300 - Cabana ($300 Tab of Food and drink covers you cabana)Small space, not like mega strip, kind of personal. Very grown up like. Bed can fit up to 3ppl and Cabana 8ppl. AWESOME DJ - DJFurious Stylez..Good Music, Food and Good Drink....an escape from the mega strip and local friendlyPool Hours: 11am - 6pmThereafter your Adult Pool time, take an evening walk in THE DISTRICT and grab a bite to eat.  A nice way to end the weekend
1	We have stayed at GVR in the past and would have given this resort a different review, EXCEPT-we tried to stay with them using their Groupon deal.  We were treated very poorly, like 2nd class citizens when we tried to us the Groupon and had issues.  I had told them we'd stayed there before without the groupon but to no avail.  We tried to speak with the managers upon arrival and departure but they didn't care about us or our problem.  When we returned home, I wrote an email to TWO different managers but got no response.  I then wrote a letter and included the email at which 4 weeks later, I received a phone call only to be put down, spoken rudely to, demeaned and made me cry, saying that people make false claims all the time to get free stays.  I asked about customer service and the customer being right, AT LEAST have some courtesy but he was very rude and didn't have time for me.  He made fun of me when I said that I didn't know that I could make it back within a year.  I cannot believe the way me and my family were treated when a problem was encountered.  I know they have the ability to right their wrongs, even though they wouldn't admit that they had made an error with a mistrained employee.  Instead I as given a rude rendition of how hard it is to keep 700 rooms booked.  By the way, the whole phone call conversation began with "You're a gambler, correct?"  Go figure...unless you're pouring money into their resort, and you happen to have purchased a Groupon deal that THEY offered, forget it...they won't give you the time of day.Stay somewhere else.
4	Nice casino... during the day it is a much older crowd.  They have their regulars, however I think the staff (dealers and pit supervisors) needs to be friendlier... They seem so grouchy and hate their jobs.On the brighter side... I like that they have contests and drawings on weekends.. What a way to grab locals to this joint.  Also, get that paigow progressive!
4	Upscale station casino. All the usual slots here, $60 buy in poker tourneys and a nice sports book. Two nice food spots, Hanks and the Italian place. I also like the movies here. The pool is great and hidden!
5	I love GVR in multiple aspects...Dining: Hanks happy hour apps and martinis (half price) are bomb rockin. The lump crab is amazeballs!  Dinner there used to be fab but lately the service is sub-sub-sub and more sub-par. Stick to the bar!  Terra Verde is phenomenal; great food and delicious wine. Sushi sake is definitely a fresh and yummy selection as is China Spice. Tides has some great seafood selections and one of those fresh seafood icebar thingys if you're into it. The newish Grand cafe has the same menu from what used to be the original pancake house so it's always a good option. Of course there's the buffet which is pretty awesome for the price. Drinking: wine @ terra, martinis @ hanks, beer @ Quinn's, anything @ drop!Recreation: I love the pool at GVR. there's also the private 21+ pool which I haven't been to in ages but is fun w friends. They used to have a locals night. My favorite are the private cabanas with your own private server,stocked refrigerator, Tv, and yummy fresh fruits and food/drinks all day. The BEST.  There's a movie theatre at GVR and my host gives us the private balcony which includes a private butler and all kinds of drinks and food- full menu and bar!Retreat: The spa and fitness area at GVR are my most favorite anywhere. Private and calm pools, whirlpools, steam room and saunas and incredible service. The spa menu has some inspiring and refreshing drinks...watermelon basil infused water, lavender blueberry OJ. My aesthetician is the best... But I'm sure all are equally phenom. Im not into massages but I hear they are great. A friend of mine is a frequent partaker. Staying: rooms are clean, plush, and comfortable. The firework suite is my favorite. Overall, GVR is nothing compared to what it used to be especially in terms of service and amenities, but hopefully that will have a resurgence some day soon!
1	This place is for "locals" and it's ridiculous.  The machines really never win if you talk to people who live here and they charge too much for drinks.  If you want to have FUN then go to South Point Casino on Friday nights where drinks are $2 for well drinks and the people there are nice unlike the staff at GVR.  It is just a pretty casino out to get money from you to be prettier period.  OH and NEVER use their pay phone there (I had to because I didn't have my phone with me and the desk wouldn't let me use theirs, lovely).  Anyway, used the pay phone and received a bill for $70.00 for 2 minutes because they go through some group that's a scam, fyi.
3	I have never felt as conflicted in writing a review as I do for this one.  I want to rate high because the resort is gorgeous and well-kept and we truly enjoyed our stay there. But there were some issues that I can't let go and need to be factored in. Those are not things you want to have to deal with when you're on a mini break (or coming home from mini-break).Some things I did not appreciate:*Sarcastic tones when calling in reservations...."You know you COULD have reserved your rooms online" (I'm sorry I'm making you do your job)*I told them I knew I can reserve online, but I have to reserve a crib with my room..."You still could have reserved online and then called concierge for the crib" (WTH? are you not happy that you have a job?)*The attitude they gave me when they messed up the room reservations. They ended up upgrading my mom's room but the attitude we had to deal with was uncalled for. The only thing that was needed was an apology.  Anyone in our party would have been happy with a standard room.  But please, I work with the public and I know an apology goes a long way. Nix the attitude sweetheart.*Coming home and finding an extra $500 charge from the hotel on our charge card.  The accounting office had no idea what that charge was but they immediately refunded the amount and apologized profusely.  At least there is some professionalism in the front desk somewhere. The things I loved about this resort:Comfy rooms and beautiful public spaces.  Dark wood, marble, leather--well decorated, warm and inviting.  A great place to stay if you want to stay off the Strip.  Only a quick drive if you want to get to the Strip and they offer shuttles as well. Housekeeping, Valet, Concierge, Pool Staff--so friendly, professional and helpful.The pool area is gorgeous and also clean and well-kept.  It's a "sand" walk in, but it's pebbly sand, not soft Caribbean sand. Separate pool/lounge area for 21+over crowd.Lots of options for dining--buffet, cafe's, restaurants, food court. Something for everyone.
4	Gets you off the Las Vegas strip and  the grounds are really nice. They have multiple pools and private cabanas. The spa is nicer than most, rooms are clean and beautifully decorated.  Turf Grill is awesome, the food is great...I suggest the prime rib and wedge salad with blue cheese. The casino was busy but not the adrenalin rush of the strip. If you want to gamble but also want to relax by the pool this is the place to go....low key, relaxing and you still get have the Casino. Oh yeah, reasonable rates. Great value if you want to vacation in the lap of luxury.
2	i'll just say a quick word about Green Valley's buffet --- absolutely over-priced for the dinner buffet at $15.99 a person, but this is a good lower-scale buffet. some good entrees... teriyaki chicken, sweet and sour fish (that's a new one to me) most of the time, it's just sweet and sour pork and chicken, in fact, the Asian section was the best part of the buffet. desserts were not fresh enough, but edible. the only dining problem: our server disappeared til the end of our visit. another buffet for the "nothing-special-but-an-acceptable-buffet" category. still though, the biggest turn-off is that this buffet is over-priced: dinner - $16.00 a person. otherwise, passable
1	After my first review, one of the managers finally called me.  We agreed that they would send me a free night's stay because they "Couldn't refund my card..."  Since then, I have not received anything in the mail or any credit on my card, or even a phone call stating something has changed.  I also read other reviews about the HOTEL itself.  NONE of them were good regarding customer service when there were problems.  GVR is going to go under.  The management there is TERRIBLE.  Shame on them...
4	I've stayed at GVR a few times, many years ago . Everything was excellent , I tell my friends , if you take a way the casino , you'd be at a beautiful resort in scottsdale.Now this time , i was passing thru Henderson and stopped for Brunch on a Friday, The Feast was including tax , less than $6.00 what a deal !!, excellent quality and variety .after filling up , I played a bit , Here's my 1 complaint  only 1/2 of 1 pit of table games were open, so I have to evacuate from the knuckleheads staying on soft 17 , and venture into The High Limit room , which was excellent with service from the talented Dealers , competent supervisors  and lovely cocktail servers. . But where was ANDY H. ?   LOL
3	Very nice room.  Management and service I would definitely rate poor.  My wife and I were part of a large group, and it seemed that our needs overall were just ignored.  Almost no one in this group wants to come back.  I felt a real cheapness when I set up my laptop and found that there was no wi-fi, unless you paid, starting at about $15.00, and going up from there in three different levels of internet speed.  How tacky!
2	Taking advantage of the recent Travelzoo Spa and Pool package, was both good and bad. The spa was wonderful, the staff fantastic. The pool is a completely different story. For years, we have been to the pool area for celebratory events like Mother's Day, Father's Day, and Birthdays taking advantage of the locals appreciation that Station Casino offered for using their pool (with a fee), bar and food service. NEVER had it been properly staffed, whether it was busy or empty.On Sunday, September 23, there was no staff at the towel kiosk. We grabbed our own towels and seated ourselves. There was no attendant around to kindly ask to move the only available umbrella to a spot that had more chairs to accomodate our group.  We waited for service. Finally a cocktail server arrived, and we asked her  for assistance moving the umbrella. (One of us could not be in direct sun.) She said we had to find one that was available (we already had) and then said no one was there to help us move it. "That we would have to do it ourselves."  I said, "you have to be kidding. I would injure myself trying to move it, and then struggle while trying to figure out how to open the umbrella shade!"  I asked her to please try and find someone. She handed us one menu (we were four people) and said she would try. Ten minutes later, a guy comes to move the umbrella, struggling himself to open it and get the latch hooked! What liability the hotel was under should I have gotten injured trying to move such a heavy thing and then attempt to open it! Obviously the staff isn't aware of that issue! I can tell you that each visit to the pool area has shown less and less that the casino appreciates locals. Originally a fee was charged per person to use the pool area with the cost going towards bar and food service. Then they instituted a fee to use the pool area with no credit for using the bar and food service. Then they eliminated locals from using the pool area on a holiday weekend, (That must have come about following the terribly understaffed and extremely poor service on Mother's Day 2012, even running out of water bottles and giving our order to someone else.) On another note, Hanks welcomed customers for half priced martinis from 5 - 7pm everyday. That has since been changed to 4 - 6pm, with no advertising the change. So when in August 2012 I arrived at 6pm, I got the half price but my girlfriend who arrived at 6:10pm did not. They refused to honor the half price saying that the change was on their website. How many locals go to their website, come on!! Where is the appreciation for regular locals?  Good thing they no longer promote, "We Love Locals."  They have really dropped the ball on that one.
4	We were in town and were lucky enough to have a friend bring us for Sunday football. The casino was clean and comfortable and with $1.00 beers and hot dogs you really can't go wrong. This is the kind of place that I would like to have down the street from me just to go hang out. I didn't do any gambling so I don't know how they pay out but I would like to come back sometime and give it  a shot.
1	Unfortunately, we had a large family reunion at GVR.....the sales peoples attitudes are absolutely rude.  We had arbitrary charges on our bills for unauthorized cleaning fees and room charges that were completely bogus.  The management (we were told that there is no GM) is aweful and treats their customers very poorly.  We spent many thousands of dollars at GVR and Hanks and I regret every cent.  Most of the family members were completely disgusted after four days stay.  I understand that STATION Casinos has been in bankrupcy and after staying at GVR, it is my opinion that they need to get some resort management in charge or kiss their backsides goodbye.Needless to say, most of us have called our credit card companies and disputed our GVR charges.......they ruined much of our stay.If you stay at GVR, I recommend that you do not give them your credit card.....
4	We travel through Las Vegas twice a year so that's a total of four stays at GVR and we've been staying here for years so I consider myself a veteran guest of this hotel/resort.The hotel itself is lovely, everything is clean, the rooms are great (hint: east tower is a little more Mediterranean in decor, the west tower is slightly more modern) but recently our casino host that rocks, Pete Scarpa Jr., has been putting us into some of the suites which we have really enjoyed. Pete never fails to personally greet us whenever we arrive and we're not that big of gamblers but it's always nice to receive such personal attention.We started staying at GVR because we tow a boat along with us on vacation, and they have ample parking for vehicles with trailers, RV's and just about any sized vehicle. Their Security is top notch and we have never felt worried about leaving our packed boat in the parking lot.This past month a cousin and myself stayed at GVR. It was her first visit and I was reminded through her fresh eyes as to why this property is so special. She really enjoyed the feeling of Las Vegas with all the lights and action, but at the same time there is a feeling of being so much more cared-for. The floor staff is incredible, we had some very interesting conversations with personable slot attendants that made us feel so welcome.  We love the new T-Shirt $1 slot area just outside Sushi/Saki and the mini jackpots every few minutes were great too. I won over $500 in casino quick cash drawing during my stay just for having my player's card in a machine. She also appreciated not having to walk three miles to get from one end of the complex to another and she has decided her days of staying on the strip are officially over! SO many places to eat both in the hotel, on the casino food fair and outside in The District Shopping Mall! It was really hot when we were there so I didn't spend too much time at the pool but my cousin really enjoyed her time there.The only negative (and this may change, given enough feedback) is that the management has made the decision to remove coffee machines from the rooms and have also done away with the coffee station in the lobby.  This is happening more and more, I see it in other hotels too but IMO if the hotel cannot afford to offer complimentary coffee then at least put in a keurig machine I can use a pod in, and offer pods in the in-room snack bar for purchase. I dislike having to get dressed in order to have a cup of coffee in the morning and I would much rather have the option to buy a cup in my room than have to traipse around the hotel with no makeup and my hair not done.
3	I've stayed here twice for work, and GVR is a fine property, but just seems a little dated and drab, and both times I've stayed, I've noticed some "off" things in the rooms (I stayed in a really nice suite one of the times and the steam shower was broken, one of the phones didn't work, and the remote on the living area TV needed new batteries.  In the regular room, I was missing shampoo in the shower, and one of the dresser handles kept falling off). The hotel only has 7 stories, and a lot of rooms have views of the parking garage, which is sort of a bummer.  The pool area is really nice, there's a sandy area that's good for kids, and a secluded 21+ area for adults, as well as a quiet lap pool by the spa.  They play great music by the pool too - lots of stuff that made me go "I remember that song from high school!."  it was fun.   The bikini-clad waitresses are a bit much for my taste, but it's nice to have good drinks and snacks served poolside, and there's lots of good people watching.  There's also a huge spa/workout area that looked cool.The hotel is near the District, which is a great open area pedestrian mall that makes you feel a million miles from Vegas (check out Rachel's for a great breakfast, and do some shopping at Anthropologie or REI and watch all the young families and puppies walking around).  There's also a movie theater on site - so plenty to do if you're not into gambling.Plenty of slot machines and other gambling options if you are into that, including at least one $5 blackjack table for cheapskates like me.  And there's a great Irish pub near the casino with $3 pints, which was nice.  Someone else mentioned the lack of coffee makers.  Agreed, that they were missed.  we had a big work meeting here, and our meeting planners brought this up with the hotel - we learned that it's a health/safety concern.  Those coffee pots were full of germs.  Keurig machines would be a nice option because the alternative to trekking downstairs is ordering a $15 pot of coffee via room service.
5	Green Valley Ranch Buffet Is Certainly My Favorite Buffet For The Money In Las/Vegas Henderson Area They Love Locals Sign Up For Your Players  Card And Enjoy.
2	Just returned from this property. The physical structure was fine. It is the staff and food quality that really needs fixing. The front desk, with huge lines, had staff members in nonsense chit chat.  In a town that thrives on hospitality service you won't find decent service here. I attended a group dinner. The servers place 3 meals at the 8 top and left. The food was bland at best. The servers in the restaurants were very slow and inept. Even the Fatburger place in the food court had trouble putting  burger together.In the east wing we had the single serve coffee makers. The place is in a great location and enjoyed going to the district for shopping and dining.But, I would never stay here again.
5	I don't understand some of these less than stellar reviews below... I've always had a fantastic time at GVR. I've stayed here many times and am impressed every time. GVR is a resort hotel in Henderson, a suburb of Las Vegas. Unless I'm going to Vegas to rock the Strip until 5am with friends, I'd much rather be here. The rooms are beautiful, spacious, and well-appointed. The bathrooms especially are really lovely and large. The service is superb; you can call housekeeping and ask for anything and it will be there within 15 minutes. There's also an in-house movie theatre.The restaurants are fantastic; Terra Verde and Sushi + Sake are some of my faves. The Grand Cafe is an easy choice for a casual meal any time of day and the Feast is a fine choice for your classic Vegas buffet.The pool area is my favorite - there's a sandy beach walk in area for the kids, a shallow lounge chair area for the drinkers, and a lap pool for the swimmers. The waitresses are friendly and never too far away. The music is energetic and loud enough. They also have PLENTY of umbrellas, so you don't have to bake if you don't want to.The spa is lovely. I've used it about 5 times and each time, it's the same. Lovely. There is a well-stocked locker room with all the toiletries you would need (and you can request others). The treatment waiting room is stocked with water, fruit, nuts, and really good teas. The treatment rooms themselves are a good size with low lights and soothing music. After many (if not all) of the treatments, you're given the opportunity to shower in a fantastic waterfall rock shower with about 10 jets. I always leave feeling happy and relaxed.The hotel is also right next to The District, an outdoor promenade and shopping area. When it's hot, they have misters, and there's a nice mix of shops and restaurants there. In the evenings, there's music and a kids play area. It's also very dog-friendly with designated doggie bathrooms. This is my go to hotel for a relaxing Vegas trip.
3	It's a good place just to hang out.  It's a casino, when you live here, it's really no big deal.  I'm not a gambler, so we just hung out and had a couple of drinks.
5	******CASINO REVIEW ONLY******I've never stayed at the hotel so I'm writing this review strictly on the casino. It is by far my favorite casino in the Las Vegas area. Now, I should admit that I never play slots, and no, not because I think they're for "suckers" I just don't enjoy them. (Let's be honest, if you gamble at all... you're a bit of a sucker... these places aren't made of solid gold for no reason :-) Back to business; right when I walked in, I knew that it was going to be my kind of place. It's never ridiculously crowded. The drink servers greeted me right away and took my order. The table limits allow you to play at the level YOU decide you are comfortable with. Also, if you're a dice player, this is the only casino in Nevada that I've noticed has a Fire Bet. There is a great, reasonably priced food court if you want to grab a bite to eat and don't feel like taking out a 2nd on your house. It really is the ONLY place I feel comfortable gambling at in Nevada. 5 stars for the Jolly Green Giant. Regards,CFC
3	We are locals who usually stay at Sunset Station but I wanted to try this one for once..2 words MINI BAR if you have kids make sure you lock this stuff up or otherwise you will have a few hundred $$$$ bill really fast.as candy bars are 6 bucks EACH,We ate at the buffet the only saving grace was when we were almost done they brought the shrimp and ribs out plus this buffet has on the dessert bar you can get mini milk shakes with your choice of the ice cream they serve in scoops.Did not find the ice machine til the next morning while walking out to leave.Parking garage was easy access from our room through the food couurt.Food court has multiple choices my fav the Coffee Bean and tea leaf...No starbucks.
1	what happened??????  my wife and i went last friday night and the buffet food was hog swill.  the clam chowder was watery and over salted.  fried shrimp, cold.  salad bar was unattended and a lot of the selection was cross contaminated or empty.  orange chicken, cold as was most of the foods on the line.we arrived at 4:30 and by 5 there was a line and there should be no excuse for cold greasy food.i rather go the the dirty little hole in the wall known as terribles.  the service there is slow, prices reasonable and the food is always way above the green valley swill pit.the next day we both had swollen hands and feet from the over salted food.never, never again to that dumpbob
5	Loved it here! Beautiful and fun with excellent customer service. Cabanas are the best and you can walk to the outdoor mall. Much better than staying on the strip for sure. Would love to come here again!
5	Ok.....heres the deal.  If you love Vegas but tire easily after a few hours on the strip, this is the place for you.  The rooms are nice, quiet, and fully equipped with all you need.  The hotel is very clean & the staff is overly accommodating.  You will find several bars & restaurants on site.  Hanks is amazing if you love steak.  Theres also an Irish pub (cant remember the name) that has one of the best import beer selections I have ever seen.  There arent too many places where you can walk up to the bar & order a Samuel Smith Oatmeal Stout.....  Also, we actually walked away with over $1,500 in winnings.  Give this place a try if you are looking for the Vegas Lite.
3	I like GVR. It is a well kept and an enjoyable locals casino.They have all the casino stuff, night club, food court, a few restaurants, swanky pool area.LIKES:I go there mostly to hang in the sports book.  On Sundays I enjoy going there for 41 beers and dogs except they do not offer kraut on the dogs anymore... :(  Usually by about1:00 my friend is ripping up his 4 team parlays and cursing the Raiders.The Irish Bar there is awesome when the band is playing.  They take requests and my bud yelled out "play the Gambler" (that is a King of the Hill reference).  We were just kiddin but they played it!  Good times here.DISLIKES:The Chinese restaurant here needs to go.  It sucks.They need more help in the sports book.  We usually have to clean a table when we get there.
4	This is a very nice locals casino. I love to visit the movie theater and they usually put on fireworks shows for special holidays. The facility is very clean. It doesn't have a local casino vibe to it at all, it feels a lot more upscale.
3	In the last 2 years, I've probably only been here 3 times.  However, when they first opened up (before the District was built), I was here all the time.  In those 10+ years, my opinion about GVR has changed. GVR is still one of those quiet casinos that's still a nice one, but must air must not be circulated correctly because for a luxury looking Station Casino, it sure smelled like an old Fremont type casino.  In other words, the stench of smoke is all over the place.  I use to think GVR was huge, but now think it's just average.  I was recently here to play a little poker and the games weren't as good as they are at Red Rock.  Games weren't even as good as the Golden Nugget.  Even the buffet has slipped in the last couple of years.  I love the Station Casinos because they love their locals.  But when it comes to the Green Valley Ranch, I never seem to get any deals (i.e. comps, free rooms, free meals, etc) like I do at the other Station Casinos.  Maybe it's because I don't play here and spend enough money here.  All I know is that it's doesn't have that luster it first had when they opened 10+ years ago.  Overall, GVR is just okay.  PS:  GVR still have fireworks during the 4th of July.  The show is actually pretty good, but it's also far from the other casinos/resorts. If you make your way out here, all you really have is GVR.
4	The rooms are great!  I love this place because it's so close to mi casa. I'm a fan!  We go to the movies all the time here.
4	Love having a few cocktails and playing video poker in the main bar. Easy parking on level 3 of garage.  Doors lead right from 3rd floor parking into the casino.*** WARNING *** The coffee drinks are extremely hot!
1	CONFUSING!! this hotel really has no idea what's going on. I understand that the casinos are supposed to be confusing to keep people gambling but the general layout of the hotel is like a maze with no help from the unfriendly staff as to directions.Room service food is horrible. All the cocktail waitresses are old and beat up. On top of everything they screwed up my bill, mis charged me and the guests who were beside me in line. Total chaos. I'll never go back.
4	It's a Station Casino property with an upscale feel. Not sure how to describe the decor other than dark old money. Buffet for whatever reason is 3 bucks more for not much different options than the other properties, although I did see shrimp on the Monday night dinner buffet, so maybe that's why.The Regal Cinema offers $6 all day movie tickets on Tuesday.Parking seems to be ample with both a ground lot and a parking structure.Nothing great, but nothing horrible at Green Valley Ranch
4	This is as classy as you're going to get this close to the suburb of Henderson.  This station casino location is much newer and cleaner than Sunset Station (a few miles down the road), and has more upscale options including a shopping district with an assortment of restaurants and stores.There are several great bars on property that are great to meet friends local to the area.  Quinn's is a mock irish pub with cheap beer, for instance Hoegaarden for $3, and usually live entertainment.  Beer pong is available on the weekends, for those still wishing to pretend they're in their college years.  Hank's and Drop Bar are also near in the area.  I've lost my hat a few times at the table games, but their lusture always convinces me back for more.  This casino also has electronic craps and roulette, which have much cheaper minimums than their live counterparts - its just missing the yelling dealers and the shame associated with losing in front of an audience.Overall, a great casino with plenty of offerings to keep locals and tourists alike happy for an evening or two.
3	Is it common not to get over-medium eggs cooked over-medium at a cafe? In the whole entire Las Vegas, not even Mortel @ Palazzo is able to give me over-medium eggs. What's up with that?! And in order to get medium rare steak I have to always ask for "rare". My steak was half medium and half medium rare when I asked for "rare" today.Well ... I will take my business in Carnegie Deli @ The Mirage next time because at least they cook the eggs to the way I want.
2	The GVR is a nicely appointed hotel, spa and casino. Unfortunately the customer service is only reserved for those who arrive in style or throw money around and overpay for things.  The valets will lie to you and then have a deal going with the front office to put you in a room that is pretty crummy so you would have to upgrade for a cost that can be as high as $200 more.  I can afford to lose $200 on a single hand but I do not like to be insulted by pit bosses or the help.  The food is just food.Complaints to management is useless. Typical Station Casino attitude.  Why do older people like to meet up in this place is unknown to me. Someone said that GVR attracts those people who would be intimidated by Aria, Bellagio, Wynn, Paris...Cosmo... I can't think of a redeeming quality of actually staying again after 3 tries at this establishment.My last event that caused me to write is when my wife was conned into paying for $1,500 room service that never occurred.  It turns out that Registration decided that a suite should be charged for a case of cheap champagne that was never delivered.  Since then, I have informed the medical trials group to hold events somewhere else and quit trying to save money in Las Vegas.
5	This was probably one of the best finds I have found in Las Vegas, and it's not on the strip! YAY! Located just south in Henderson right off HWY 215, this is such a beautiful facility.  The staff here also has the utmost value in customer service - I never experienced anywhere else in Vegas, the CS that they demonstrate here.  Highly recommend!
3	Nice local casino but the casino floor is too smoky for my liking.  A better filtration system would really be of benefit...or banning smoking, but I know that will never happen in Vegas.
1	Planning on going to the pool?  BEWARE!!  The pool manager, Rolondo has the worst customer service!!  I'm sure under stress and pressure to hit numbers.....I took the brunt of this one.  I was hustled and tricked into paying for a day bed.  From the moment I got there, I told them that I was unwilling to pay for a $200 daybed, but if they wanted to waive the charge or if the casino was willing to waive the charge, that I would gladly spend at least $200 worth of food and alcohol.  They said that they would call the casino and find out.  Every 30 minutes I received the same message...."still waiting to hear from the casino...would you like more drinks or food?"  3 1/2 hours later...time to settle up...."Oh the casino won't comp it and neither will we...so you will have to pay the $200!"   Long story short...Rolondo refused to listen to me or believe anything that I had to say, called security (security didn't even know why they were there because I wasn't causing a scene), then told me that I would have to take it up with the casino.  So, I went to settle up.....NO waitress came to help me.  So I went to the bar....they called Rolondo again.....he refused to even come talk with me and sent a waitress to deliver his message....."you are all settled up and everything has been charged to your room"   REALLY???   Who authorized that???  Because I certainly didn't!!!   Struggling to hit "Holiday numbers" on Easter Sunday...they only had maybe 2 out of the 9 daybeds rented and from what I could see....ZERO cabanas rented.....I was the victim of a hustle!  I find out later that Rolondo didn't even call the casino till it was time for me to settle up the bill"   WHY WAS I TOLD EVERY 30 MINUTES THAT THEY WERE STILL WAITING ON A CALL BACK FROM THE CASINO?   Rolondo tried to brush this one off on the casino and make them deal with it!  Refussing to even speak with the "customer" and sending a waitress to deliver his message.  WONDERFUL PROFESSIONALISM ROLONDO!!!     Bottom line after hours of problems and going back and forth between the pool and the casino.....the pool dropped the fee to $100 and the casino picked up the $100 charge.   Moral here.....BUYER BEWARE OF ROLONDO AND THE GVR POOL!!!       And props to Eric in the casino for helping to turn a horrible experience into a happier one.  Eric was outstanding, professional and a man of his word!   Eric is an asset to GVR......ROLONDO, MANAGER OF GVR POOL, WILL MOST LIKELY NOT BEING WORKING THERE LONG.   (WORST CUSTOMER SERVICE AND LACK OF PROFESSIONALISM THAT I HAVE HAD IN MY 12 YEARS LIVING IN LAS VEGAS.)
2	While it's a beautiful place, we had a highly unfortunate experience here. Though we prepaid for our reservation 10 days in advance, they gave away our room and stuck us in a smoking room, which REEKED. To our discredit, we did check in very late. However, we received no phone call before they gave the room away.When we complained, they offered to give us some ozone machines, but otherwise couldn't (or wouldn't) do anything else for us except offer us a refund. I don't mind that the answer was no, but the manner in which we were treated implied that WE were the jerks and they did nothing wrong. Also, when you book a room, note the mandatory "amenity fee", which I really feel is a  sneaky way of saying the rooms are $28 a night more expensive than some us think they are.I've been in nicer hotels than this, and I don't think the amenities at this location are particularly impressive, so I feel it's just a cheap trick. The room was very nice, though I was a little disappointed at the quality of the linens. I'm used to better at these prices.Overall? Meh.
4	Pretty, classy hotel. Nice dining options. Lovely pool with an adults area. The view from the room was of the parking garage though.
5	WOW is all that I can say. We are locals and booked a room for our anniversary. Having The District within walking distance was an extra bonus. This hotel is gorgeous. Luscious landscaping and a lovely pool/spa area. Some nice bars, buffets, and restaurants to fit your fancy.The lobby and hallways were beautifully decorated. The entire hotel was neat and clean. The smell of smoke from the casino was barely noticeable. The room was the icing on the cake. The perfect size for 2 people. A comfortable king size bed and fluffy pillows. The bathroom was so awesome with the garden tub and connecting shower. A very nice place to relax. I can't get over the fact that there was NO outside noises that could be heard while in the room. No traffic, elevators, other guests above or below, the AC, doors closing, the refrigerator humming, water flowing through pipes,etc. Obviously these are all issues I have had while staying in other hotels, but not GVR. I have found my home away from home, my oasis, my sanctuary.
5	Excellent rooms. I love the oatmeal bar of soap (gentle exfoliation that leaves the skin silky smooth and clean with a light fragrance).  My mother and I both got massages. Her masseuse, Chad, worked out the knots in her back with the Deep Blue Deep Tissue massage. I tried the Ashiastu massage with Chris, who also worked out my back. The massages were superb. The hotel amenities were fabulous. The Feast buffet for breakfast was delicious. If we happen to be in the vicinity again, we will revisit this place.
4	We enjoy the elegant feel of this resort.  The pool area of the best.  The restaurant options excellent.  We have been here twice, and love being away from the strip while enjoying the climate and golf of the area. The only downside is learning to navigate the hotel from the west tower to the public areas, but after a day or so, you figure out the short cuts.  We love the rooms, the spa and the shopping next door.
5	Absolutely beautiful room, beautiful hotel, amazing customer service.Relaxing spa, beautiful pool. A+++
5	I was surprised. This resort was better than I anticipated. This is a great resort for families and couples. Fantastic pool and movie theater.  This would not be a great resort for singles lookin for fun. Its quite the expensive taxi ride from the strip.
4	A very groovy destination property in Henderson. They have a great buffet (Ask For Wilma). This is an all around fun place. I should mention the pool is very cool as well. So if you find yourself on the Eastside stop on in and let loose. Live it up, you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
4	I recently spent 4 days here attending a conference.  The conference staff does a great job putting on events.  I've attended many conferences here and they've always kept the service levels very high.  During one of the lunches during the program, they served a Cheese Ravioli which was amazing...yum!http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/green-valley-ranch-resort-and-spa-henderson-2?select=YoRrgRX9pDs_3uj-RhMKnw#YoRrgRX9pDs_3uj-RhMKnwDuring this particular conference I also stayed in the hotel.  The rooms are well appointed and the bed is very comfortable.  The pillows are large and soft and you feel like you're falling asleep on a cloud.  Needless to say, I slept very well that week.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/green-valley-ranch-resort-and-spa-henderson-2?select=umFvzSSloFFPxmfHAkghpA#umFvzSSloFFPxmfHAkghpAThe casino was very slow the days I stayed here, which was in the middle of the week.  It looked like a ghost town.  Not much going on at the bars/lounges either.  Hank's Steakhouse has awesome desserts (see other review) and the Cafe was terrible (see other review).Overall, it was a great place to stay with hit/miss food options.Return Factor - 82%
3	The resort fee is outrageous!  You have a pool...what else?  I'ts not worth the $25 fee.   The slots were VERY tight and the casino was very slow.  The best part of my stay was the bahtroom in my room.  Very nice.
3	I truly love this place, but my last experience left a bad taste in my mouth. I was playing blackjack, and betting for the dealers like I always do. My second to last bet I put $5 for me and $1 for the dealer. I luckily had the opportunity to double down. I put $5 more for me and $1 more for the dealer. "We" pushed the hand. The dealer, Chantel, said "I'm taking this!" even though we pushed. She then took the $2 tip! Completely unprofessional and the Pit Boss could give a shit. I call bull shit.
1	This review is for the spa only.I am a local and received a gift card for the hotel so we thought we would spend it at the spa.  I know what your thinking, how could anyone complain when it's free AND complain about a spa!When we first arrived we were checked in by a friendly staff member and we told her it was our first time visiting.  She walked us to the stairs and said the service staff will then take care of our lockers, etc downstairs. The service staff retrieved our spa shoes and locker keys and left us guessing after that.  I said it's our first time here - where do we go?  He pointed us to the Men/Women rooms where he said the lockers were and that the massage therapist would pick us up in there.This is where I got upset. No tour, had no idea where anything was, pretzels on the floor, kleenex dispenser empty, no toiliet paper in the stall, stall door lock was broke, candles weren't lit etc.  As I sat in the lounge to wait for my massage, I overheard a staff member giving a "tour" to another lady.  Wow - where did I go wrong after telling them 3 times that we had never been there! (once over the phone).The massage was great as was the therapist Jennifer.  After the massage Jennifer told us about the couples Jacuzzi.  We got dressed and went to the Jacuzzi, tried to turn it on - no bubbles!  I asked a therapist if I was turning it on incorrectly and she stated that the bubbles weren't working but you can still sit in it.  What?  I can sit in my hot bath tub at home if that was the case!Needless to say, we left after I couldn't charge my cocktail I ordered to my spa account at their private pool.  Upon checkout, we didn't even receive a thank you, come back soon, nothing.  Therefore, we will never be back and I would never recommend this spa.
4	Nice hotel. Beds soft. Rooms awesome. Overall layout was weird though. Had to take two different sets of elevators to find my room. Pool is cool. They have a sand area for kids to play in. Expensive drinks. Super nice bartenders.
4	Had to take a star due to the Cons.PROS:  The rooms are big and somewhat comfortable.  I felt that the pillows were too soft.  The casino was a good size.  I would compare this hotel/resort to the Venetian.  Casino was not overly packed and seemed to draw a lot of locals.  I think this was probably the only place that my family and I actually won.  The food court was nice.  In the morning, there was no waiting in lines at the Coffee Bean and after midnight, Fatburger, served up fresh burgers again without a crowd.  The pool was really nice and seemed really clean.  They have a 21 and over pool that is somewhat private, has its own bar and about 20 lounge pool chairs, about 10 cabana's and probably 4 to 6 pool beds.  The main pool has a sand entry beach and nice view of the strip.  CONS:  The DOWNSIDE of this hotel/resort is the carpets although looking clean are really dirty!!  Stay as far away from China Spice Restaurant as possible!!! The first night we tried this place because we were offered "$25" off when you spend $50 but only applies to food not drinks with alcohol.  The wait was 20 minutes with about 5 tables open and only 1 whole server working.  If you want to eat within an hour I highly recommend staying as far away from this restaurant as possible.  After being seated it took 20 minutes to place an order not because they were busy but because the waitress had the flap her gums syndrome (aka talked and socialized way too much).  Then it took another 15 minutes to get our drinks that literately sat on the side bar for 10 minutes and were served at room temperature.  After placing our order it took another 20 minutes to get COLD food!! Not even warm, like it was placed straight on a plate from the refrigerator!! When my mother told the waitress that the food was cold, the waitress turned to me and asked if she was telling the truth.  Shame way to start our trip and shame that this restaurant is even open to serve the public with all the unprofessional and rude service it provides.  I guess the up side was the our drinks got comp.
4	My fave for sportsbook, the pool, oyster bar, and local specials. So pretty too!
1	After much time spent researching the best spa to get a gift certificate for my mother in law we decided on your spa.  I called several times but nobody answered. Finally  someone answered and said they had been having issues with their phone service.  I understood and asked to purchase a gift certificate to be emailed for a gift.  I was advised I would have to fax my photo Iid, and front and back of my credit card. Then once approved they could not email the gift certificate.  Wasted hours researching, trying to call, then told  could not purchase on the phone and I was not near a fax. For such a big, high end hotel it is ridiculous to not be able to give money and business either on line or by phone.  When charging top dollar 140  plus for a fifty minute massage it's not fair you wasted so much of my time.
4	This was my first time at GVR.  I have heard a lot about it but never had the time to go. I liked it because it wasnt as packed and smokey as the casinos on the strip.  I think more locals and out of towners that are looking for a nice evening or day at the pool come here.  They have a large variety of places to eat, some fancy, some casual!  I came here for a work event and we used the private bar/pool cabana.  It was great!!  TV's, open bar, a beautiful pool that was not heated but was a perfect temp for a hot day!  The open pool area was just as nice. I will be returning to enjoy more pool time and great food!
5	First came here for a few days recovering from back surgery one year ago. The pool was perfect for me. Easy access, the price (comps) was right, the time was perfect. Now we're back a year later and we think it is even better than before!
4	GVR is the business, cousin (I am a white person)Anyway, I am a huge fan of GVR. It's my local place, where I see 90 percent of all the movies I go to, and where I go for oysters (Tides, bro).Anyway, GVR is a nice casino and not as...something...as Sunset Station. It's hard for me to review an entire Casino Resort (and Spa!) but I can say the rooms are immaculate, spacious, and very comfortable. The food options are awesome (Hanks!) and the atmosphere is friendly (as casinos go).I really like seeing movies at the Regal Cinemas located downstairs in GVR, so I will strongly suggest you patronize them. Terra Verde is pretty good, as is the buffet. The Grand Cafe is a more expensive but equally crappy version of Denny's.I have zero knowledge of the hotel staff's personality, skills, competence, etc. I won't bother speculating.
2	The GVR has clean rooms but can use some dusting as with many other parts of the hotel and casino. Definitely need to change their pool hours! Its summer and pools should at least be open till 10:30pm for god sakes it is hot out! Had dinner at the grand cafe.......its basically a Denny's potato was not cook and steak was over done beef jerky. Lucky they did have a fat burger in there that was awesome. The employees canuse a good six months of intense customer service. The casino I would not waste a dime here payouts are scarce.
2	I love this place and want to give it 5 stars but I can't. I checked out leaving my buckwheat pillow in the room and reported the loss within 24 hours. The pillow was never found. I left it in the room. How hard could it be to find? I made several calls to the hotel expressing my desire to get it back and either no one made an effort or there isn't an established and effective Lost and Found Program. For this reason I can only give it two stars.  GVR has all the elements of a satisfying resort capable of accommodating a wide range of guests.  I know it' s my fault for leaving the  pillow in the room, however traveling is a partnership between the hotel and guest and in this the hotel didn't even show up.  This is the 2nd year in a row my conference of 30 met at the GVR. It's still undecided what next year will bring.
1	I stayed here with 2 girlfriends for a nice, relaxing Las Vegas vacation. We chose the hotel because we had heard and read many good things about it despite it being far from the strip. The hotel is beautiful and very clean; however, that is were the good things end. The front desk is unhelpful and very rude. We booked a room with two beds and even called prior to coming to confirm that our room would have two beds. When we arrived, we were told that our room wasn't quite ready (despite it being 15 mins after check in time). We hung out in the casino until an hour and half past check in time. At that point, we still hadn't received a call from the front desk as promised. When we went back up to the front desk we were told that our room was and had been ready. Upon getting to our room, we only had 1 bed and called the front desk to see about getting switched. The front desk manager Donna was horribly rude-- didnt apologize for the inconvenience and simply replied that they can never guarantee two beds. I am completely baffled that a hotel can't guarantee two beds and even more so that no apology was given. They brought up a roll away free of charge and switched us rooms the next day. Many times and with many other hotel guests the room keys wouldn't work on the door to get to the east tower. When calling to ask about the shuttle pick up site, we were given the wrong directions. We found an employee on the casino floor who gave us the right directions but both failed to explain you have to get a shuttle boarding pass (the website says you only must have your room key). The pool seemed to be overfilled but otherwise was a nice place to hang out during the day. The buffet was great and even rivaled the buffet at the bellagio. However the cashier johntel was so slow and rude in processing the orders and allowing a group of 5 people cut in front of the line. There seems to be a serious lack of management throughout the hotel. We constantly got the feeling that we would have received better service if we were locals. I understand and appreciate taking care of locals but it should not come at the expense of the other guests. The valet attendants were all very nice, knowledgeable and helpful. Maybe the other employees' bad attitudes haven't rubbed off on them yet. Overall, I would not come here again and definitely would not recommend to anyone who's not a local.
5	Green Valley is great escape from the madness of the strip. It's located about 15-20 min away but it has a good atmosphere. It has a beach pool hybrid so you can enjoys both....my daughters loved it. There is a strip mall just outside the hotel(literally across the street) so can enjoy a stroll to kill some time. There are also a few sit down food joints that is good around the hotel.
2	Extremely disappointing. Came here with a group of 35. Had a reservation so got to skip the HUGE line of people waiting. Dinner buffet opened at 4 PM but they really started serving around 4:10. I was pretty excited because our group had just gotten back from a hike at Red Rock Canyon so we were starving. Here's what I expected: Fresh, piping-hot, steaming, delicious entrees considering we got there BEFORE dinner even started. Here's what we got: -Luke-warm entrees that seemed like they had just been microwaved-Sushi/seafood that looked like it had been laying out for 3 days-Floppy, soggy saladsetc.The most satisfactory dishes for me were the pulled pork and the soft serve frozen yogurt. I don't know how much it cost but I'd really suggest going somewhere else. I won't be here again.
1	I had a piece of jewelry rip off by the maid, it was hidden in my personal items. Went to hotel security and was blown off by them. Hotel manager was nice, but in the end I received a letter from the hotel stating they were not responsible for any items in the rooms ! So if your I- Pad, iPod  , cell phone , expensive handbags or shoes end up missing, don't expect to be reimbursed ! If its not in their tiny safe, you just gave the maid a huge tip! She can clean you out and remain blameless. To bad I really like this resort , I was a return customer of 6 stays :(
1	Dear GVR,As you know, I play poker almost every single day at your establishment. I have alot of friends who also play poker and other table games on a regular basis at GVR. I thought that I had become close with alot of the employees as well... So, I have to give you a warm Thank You for having security escort me out not once but Twice on Friday night. Thank you for having a taxi take me to a near by casino and dropping me off in their parking garage so I can get robbed!!! Thank you so so much for looking out for me!! Lets see... If you dont kick my ass out for NO reason, I still have my Chanel purse, $500, my dignity, self respect, hope for the future...need I go on?? Now, did I drink a little too much? Yes...However, having known me for 9 months, you know that I do not normally drink so much and I am certainly of no threat to anyone. I even called security the next day to apologize for the situation and did you ask me if I was OK or how you could help?? NO, you just told me that you have no idea what I am talking about and hung up! Perhaps next time I will get raped or murdered in your parked lot...All I asked was that you not kick me out when I clearly had no where to go and no idea how to function at that moment- but you did not GIVE A FUCK. I have heard people say that GVR has horrible customer service and now I understand. However, I think this goes very far beyond not having customer service...It is not having any regard for a human beings life and/or safety!!!!! So, my fellow patrons, If you value the life or your wife, girlfriend, mother, daughter etc and have a reasonable expectation that she will be treated with respect and dignity, then I would reconsider entering the doors at GVR...
5	I am a local so I haven't stayed here yet. But, I do come here often that I can say love the ambience they have as I play the slots. They have some good eatery places, bingo, a movie theater in which I love and just outside the door from the theater is a row of shops and other eatery places. LOVE IT
2	We went to their "seafood buffet" last night since we were happy to see their seafood night had been brought back. What an utter disappointment. Incredibly long line to get your crab legs steamed. The quality is also not there...not from how I remember from a few years ago. The "sushi" is some kind of rice-looking roll but it doesn't taste like sushi rice...tastes like some mass produced item. The rest of the non-seafood offerings are just meh. Oversalted and overspiced.Sad, this used to be one of our fave buffets for us and for entertaining out of towers but we will probably not be back....
1	Green Valley Ranch is going down fast. We use to enjoy concerts there but they turned the Ovation into a BINGO ROOM. Like we need more Bingo in Vegas .The cocktail waitresses are slow and drinks mediocre. The  elevators are very slow and break down a lot.  I use to prefer Green Valley for Buffet over Sunset and Fiesta but yesterday was a DOOZY!  I sit down for lunch with my Pita and Hummus. I turned my 2 pita breads over and they were both MOLDY! I told the manager and they said thank you. that's IT?? I was talking to my daughter how I think I lost my appetite looked down in my broccoli and found a HAIR. I called a different manager over and he compd my buffet and gave me my coupon back. Gee thanks for comping my buffet that I didn't eat and NO im not coming back to use my coupon
2	I'm sad that I have to write this update about GVR because I really love this hotel. I've stayed here aprox 5 times and it just seems that the Customer Service is getting worse each time I visit. I booked my room 4 months in advance with a request that I needed 2 queen beds since there were going to be 3 adults staying in the room. When we get to check in, I was informed that there were NO 2 queens available and that we would have to settle for a King Room with a roll-a-way bed. This was unacceptable to me and I had asked to speak to a Manager. Donna (The Front Desk Manager) said that there was nothing that she could do for me, that the hotel was completely booked with a Children's Basketball Team in town. I knew that my girlfriends and I would be spending the entire day poolside so I asked her if there was any way that she could accommodate us with a Cabana for Saturday with a discounted price (Cabanas are $200 rental fee + $150 food and drink min) she then preceded to tell me that she couldn't do that and that ALL the cabana's were already rented out for Saturday. THAT WAS A FLAT OUT LIE!!!! I spent the entire Saturday by the pool and out of all the Cabana's they had, 3 were being used. Donna, not once tried to correct the situation or satisfy the customer. Not even buffet comps!!!! Instead I get one bed and a fee for a roll-away that I did not want in the first place!!!Another problem I had was with the service at the cafe inside the casino. After being seated, it took 20 min for someone to acknowledge us. Our server, who's name is Adrian seemed like he didn't like his job and was just there because he had to be. Not friendly, not helpful, never came around to see if we needed anything, never gave us refills on our water. It was just a total disappointment. I did inform the Manager Mark regarding our service and he did offer to comp our breakfast the next day but we were just so fed up with the service we were getting by the GVR employees that we just decided to drive down to the M Resort for breakfast the next day (BTW, excellent service at the M Resort) There was only one GVR employee that was extremely pleasant, very helpful and actually seemed to like her job and her name was Mindy. She is one of the servers that works the pool area. EXCELLENT SERVICE BY MINDY!!!! I am extremely disappointed with this trip to GVR and will be thinking twice about staying here in November. I may be giving M Resort my business from now on.
4	Unless I'm taking someone to Vegas who has never been, I refuse to stay on the strip. I just stayed at GVR for the first time last week and will probably be doing so again because it was pretty awesome. I'm still a huge fan of the M, but it seems like there's always an event happening at the M when I want to go which makes the rooms way too expensive. The room here was affordable, big, clean and nice enough (though just a bit stuffy decor wise).The resort fee is pretty high (I think about $25night), but just keep it in mind when you look at the room rate - they clearly list it on their website when you're booking so it shouldn't be a surprise. It's handy that there is a mall type thing attached to give you more choices for dining that just what's inside the resort.I could see the pool getting crazy busy on the weekends because it is a bit on the small side, but during the week it never filled up and is a really nice space. Use of the fitness center is also included in the resort fee, which was a big plus because really, with all the eating and drinking that happens in Vegas, a workout helps a lot.The casino here wasn't super lucky for me, but that's fine, it just gave me more incentive to go relax by the pool and save myself the cash.
5	I was fortunate to be able to visit Green Valley Ranch for the first time in January 2007. I am a myStation member of the Station Casinos and get many comps and offers each month at their various properties, but received an offer for 3 free nights here (quite surprisingly, as this is one of their more upscale properties.)Arriving in Las Vegas very late on the first night, the layout of the property seemed a little confusing at first, which some users have commented about. It really helped out to stop and get a map of the property upon arrival. One thing to make note of is that the location of the casino in relation to the hotel lobby entrance are complete opposites. The parking garage out front is the first thing you'll see coming in off the highway, but the hotel lobby entrance is actually on the complete other side of the property, far from the casino. This is something to consider if you've got bags and are not using valet parking. I did happen to notice that there is a new parking garage, The Paseo Verde Garage, which is now located on the corner of Paseo Verde Drive and Carnegie (the property's surrounding back and side roads,) right next to the hotel lobby. This is definitely where you want to park, not only for convenience to the hotel, but it's much less crowded.Check-in was very rapid and led to a couple of surprises. As many of you know, casinos very greatly in the incidental room deposits they charge people. Some don't charge anything, while others can charge a fortune. It was stated that there is a 19.95 per night resort fee, which I was expecting, but it was waived since it was a comp offer. I've never had to pay incidental deposits at any Station Casinos property. However, the front desk required a $150 per night incidental deposit, and this isn't stated anywhere directly. Being a slightly more upscale property, I guess they can get away with it, but it's important to watch out for these charges, at both check-in and check-out, especially if using a debit or credit card...your trip can get ruined as the money's gone as soon as you check in! I opted to pay the deposit in cash, which was no problem for them, and got it all back at check-out. (Probably better on my end, so I didn't spend all my money in the casino.)The next surprise was when the desk clerk said, "We appear to be sold out of standard rooms." "What does that mean?" I asked. He said, "Well, we'll just have to give you a free upgrade." The upgrade was to one of the Grand Suites in the West Tower which normally run $650-$700 per night! I'd say, that was quite the upgrade, as comped rooms sometimes tend to be the cheaper, standard ones. Along the way, I heard the music pumping from the Whiskey Bar and I can see how the vibrations can affect guests in the East Tower, as others have mentioned here. When I got to Grand Suite 2203, it was like stepping into another world.I haven't stayed in too many suites, so I had never seen anything like this place. I was almost scared to touch anything at first. A half bathroom was located in the foyer. Through the hallway opened into the living room, complete with a fully stocked martini bar (Grey Goose flavored vodka, bleu cheese stuffed olives, the works,) a mini-bar complete with everything from snacks to condoms, a solid oak table with four chairs, a dual-line cordless phone, a floor-to-ceiling painting of a nude woman, armoire with plasma TV and stereo DVD system, a fur-lined sofa, loveseat and coffee table.Moving into the bedroom led to some more unique artwork, a recliner chair, a Bose DVD system, another amoire with TV and wet bar, and a large writing desk. Fur-lined pillows and Egyptian cotton sheets on the pillow-topped king size bed, along with huge closets everywhere. Safe, ironing board, laundry bags, completely stocked.The bathroom was huge, complete with robes, slippers, a scale, a large jetted tub, dual sinks, a glass-enclosed steam shower and a separate toilet room.Housekeeping and turn-down service were excellent, and came twice daily. The daily paper was delivered each morning at my door, which featured the newer electronic push-button "Do Not Disturb" signs.The only restaurant I visited was Fatburger, which is always great. I don't patronize high-end casino restaurants and usually opt to save money by eating elsewhere. It was very convenient having several restaurants, supermarkets and pharmacies within a 2-3 block radius of the property. To sum things up, this property is awesome, and this was one of my best trips to Vegas. I prefer the off-strip casinos and hotels, so this worked out great (especially the upgrade.) The location is close to some of the other properties I visit which was also good. The staff seemed very friendly and organized. I'd recommend Green Valley Ranch to everyone, it's like a whole little world far away from the Strip.
3	I won a free room here on swipe and win. I booked the room as a comped room. Try advised I had to give 96 hours notice if I was going to cancel my room or they charge you $100 bucks. Now what kinda prize is that. I really wanted to cancel cause a member of my family got sick.. Ended up going to the hotel anyways so I didn't lose my prize or the $100
5	I'm also a station casino team member and they gave us all free passes to the green valley ranch pool, I came with my husband and daughter and we had a great time. It is so relaxing its perfect for kids but u might enjoy yourself more if u come with just your adult friends so u can have some drinks and hit the jacuzzi. Great great pool and environment
2	We stayed this weekend as a stay-cation at GVR.  This review is for the hotel and the pool/cabanas.We had purchased an early check-in (between 8-11 am) so that we could head to the pool right away on Saturday morning.  We arrived at 9:00 am, and were told that our room just needed to be inspected and then we could check in.  We went to the buffet, ate breakfast, and at 11:30, when no one had called to say our room was ready, we returned to the front desk to see why.  We were then told the room needed to be cleaned, and again, we would be called when it was ready.  At 12:30, we were finally called to get into the room.  So much for the early checkin...We had a room upgrade to a Grand Suite, which was large and comfortable.  The shower was not the greatest - it seemed as though the shower head had been replaced with a basic model, and it sprayed all over the place.  Not a relaxing shower, to say the least.  Also, the televisions were both old tube TVs - surprising for a hotel of this quality and the suite room.  The room was clean and the bed was comfortable, though.Our experience at the pool brought our review down a star.  We rented a cabana both days.  The first day, it was overcast, and the cabana attendant comped the price of the cabana as long as we met the food and drink minimum.  The pool was quiet, the food was good, and we had a relaxing, albeit cloudy day.  The next day, Sunday, however, was the complete opposite.  We got to the pool early and ate breakfast burritos to start working on the $150 food and drink minimum.  We did pay $200 for the cabana for the day as well.  For the first hour, it was peaceful and we were looking forward to another relaxing day.  That changed quickly when about 20 people showed up in the next two cabanas.  Over the course of the day, that almost doubled, with tons of kids and even a couple of newborns.  When we asked about the max occupancy, we were told it was eight per cabana, but sorry, they were overbooked for the holiday weekend.  We ended up leaving around three after chasing children out of our cabana, and being constantly peppered with water guns by children and adults alike.  When we brought this up to management, their response was "It was a holiday weekend."  No discount, not even an apology.  We could have just laid by the pool in a lounger and saved the $200.  Next time we will know better.  Wish we had known in advance about the lack of policy enforcement for the cabanas.  Overall, not a great experience, GVR.  Needs a lot of work to bring us back.  Especially when we can stay at other hotels for the same price and actually enjoy our pool experience.  And have flat screen TVs.
2	Got a comp room as a local player. This has to be the most turned around backwards hotel I have ever been in. I demanded to stay on the ground floor because I don't think I could find my way out in case of a fire!! Woke up this morning to the maid pounding on the door at 9:30 am. (There wasn't a Do Not Disturb Sign to put out). Housekeeper  pounded on the door AGAIN 30 minutes later. It is Labor Day for Christ Sakes! We just asked her 30 min earlier to please let us sleep. Beautiful room but strangely no coffee maker. I'm not going to say how much I spent at the steak house, slots or BINGO,I need my coffee!! Can you hear me housekeeper? Take away from this posting; no such thing as a free room!
4	Great Location! Very nice rooms and pool. Great food. The district is really nice. The machines are not the best though.
5	We decided to stay at the Green Valley Ranch as a break for the strip and I would strongly recommend this to all who are in Vegas for more than a week.The hotel was very clean and the staff were polite and accommodating.  The District (Shopping area) is right on the door and The local Cheese Cake Factory is really good.The Green Valley Ranch Resort is definitely a positive experience and we would not hesitate to go back.
3	Nice hotel/resort. Very pretty. Big room & bathroom. My only disappointment was they closed the pool down one day for a "party" or group. It would have been nice that they informed the guest this ahead of time. No sign nothing. Pretty disappointing. Lastly, the shuttle service is the worst! Doesn't seem to go to or from the hotel when you arrive or depart to the airport. Other hotels on the strip take you as you need to go. So should this hotel.
5	Great hotel to stay at to avoid the busy traffic on the strip. Really enjoyed this facility and casino. We will return.
5	I stay here once or twice a year. Lots of food options, a great pool, both making it easy to entertain a kiddo. I also enjoy the shops. Customer service is great. They returned the Kindle that I left in my room in no time!
3	Stayed here back in June - Loved that this place is off the strip yet just a short drive to where all the action is.  Nice lobby, nice grounds, nice rooms - no complaints here!  Loved lounging by the pool.  Was decently pleased with our stay that I plan on going back there to stay in November.
5	We have finally stayed here for Our Anniversary. It was so nice and clean. We overlooked the pool area which was beautiful. The bed was very comfy and the bathroom was awesome. There is a huge vanity and makeup mirror, deep tub, glass shower, toilet by itself and double doors to get into it. The staff was really sweet and offered us a bottle of water when we checked in. It was room temperature but, my husband likes it that way. We had our car valet and did not cost us extra except for a tip. They made you feel like you were someone special not just another somebody. We will be back.
4	We love GVR!  We are locals and visit either GVR or the M on occasion.  These are the places we take guests and suggest they stay if they are not staying with us.  Always good reviews.  I agree that the M usually has some sort of convention going on and that drives up the room rates and also fills up the table games.  Disappointing.  However, no matter what's going on at GVR they are on top of it.  The staff is great! They have the best/friendliest dealers in town, well, maybe other than The 4 Queens.  We usually have a great time here!  The buffet is ok.  Not great for the money.  The M is much better food and food quality.  However, The Grand Cafe is a GREAT option!  Wonderful food and great service at great prices.  We usually just go there.  Table games are great and there are plenty of options.  The reason they don't get 5 stars is that's very tough to get drink service while playing slots.  Very slow and not attentive, also the $25 "resort fee" is a stinker.  Just tell me what the price is and quit adding stuff.  Not cool.  Overall, you'll have fun here.
4	Very clean, no overwhelming smoke smell in the air! Great place to watch the fireworks on New Years Eve!
3	Three Stars because the staff was incredibly nice - and - rooms are a nice size.  Experience:  2.5 starsRoom was not available until after check in time.  Had time to drop off bags and head out.  Hit the strip, had dinner, came back to resort and hung out in my friends' suite. Arrived in my room 12 hours later ...  4:15am.  Bed linens are dirty.  Staff came and replaced everything with sheets pillows comforter just recd from cleaning company.  Other minor things occurred but staff was always pleasant; not sure if I would stay there again.
1	What an incredible disappointment !!! A few months ago I purchased an auction item for St Jude's children's hospital , it featured 2 nights in a Luxury suite at this "hotel"...With breakfast etc... I live  in Los Angeles  and as an active member of  The charity it seemed right to bet on this deal and come visit my Vegas friends, I invited  the manager of a CVS pharmacy, the CEO of a major Coaching company, and a lactation expert in a Summerlin famous hospital, along with 3 ,17 years old ....their kids...A very civilized and educated group of people who came to have Thai food with us in the Tuscany suite of 2000 sq feet with a large dining  table that seemed to be " inviting"....in Any case after 20 min in our dinner , as civilized and normal as could be , 9.20pm someone knocks at that door , my husband sees those 2 men, one claiming he received several complaints from guests about us making too much noise to which all of our faces dropped !! How could it BE? Were we in the famous Las Vegas on a Sunday night November 10th  ?? No School on the 11th right ? only chewing our foods and laughing here and there to our friends jokes. By the way they all intended to go back to their respective beautiful homes early (and  decoration-wise much prettier than that overdone Rococo suite) .... I think that this pretentious hotel thought we planned on ALL  sleeping there ! What a joke! They kept on coming back and the 3rd time planned on getting my non-registered guests outside the room cause they were now 6 men, 2 of them in yellow plastic suits claiming to be security ! My friends and I  took our phone and started filming ,which immediacy calmed them down ... I forgot to say that we are a group of 50 year old people and our kids were there NO WE MADE NO NOISE!!!! A DINNER that left such a bitter taste to my life after my guests heard twice they will be asked to leave!!! We all left!!! I feel that The Green Valley Ranch is the worst experience I ever had.... Very disappointing to look forward to a nice and relaxing 3 days week end in a "luxury " hotel and get a very angry little man, telling us to behave or else .....  It is the first time in my entire long life that I have been subject to such a treatment.I have been a fan of the red rock hotel for a long time and stayed at the top floor suite for events, and parties  ,many times ,This really does not reflect right on the owners of the stations nor to their commitment to their guests.And guess what... I left a message at the very apologetic reception desk asking for a follow up from someone different than the angry power tripping man in charge that night (after all I left  after 5 hours instead of 3 days )No news.....!..
1	Hotel is a scam! They get you at a low rate and keep tying to sell you an upgrade to get what you paid for. Ding you again with a $25 plus tax "resort" fee a day. Took 20 Minute's from hotel lobby to our outdated room overlooking busy parking lot. Front desk does not know what customer service is. Rude untrained staff. Do yourself a favor and book another hotel.
1	Friday afternoon at 4:00pm, only 1 person working the Cashier Cage and 40+ people in line. Very poor Management. They do not care about Local's as I've overheard numerous times, 'We dont care about the little amount Local's spend here anyway'. This is the type of classless attitudes and lack of Management from the top that give this Shit-Hole the reputation that they have with Local's!
1	Urgent review about the Starbucks inside Green Valley Ranch Casino! Don't use a credit card at this Starbucks. The casino is the franchisee and thus owns and operates this Starbucks independently. Starbucks just open up on Nov 13th. I purchased $5.03 at this location (coffee and pastry). I was billed an extra $22 cash advance fee for using my credit card at this Starbucks. How is that even possible? Since the casino owns this location, the credit card transaction is being billed as a cash advance for gambling, yet billed through Starbucks. I confirmed this with my credit card company. I wonder how many people have been affected by this, and if and when they are going to correct it.
4	Stayed here Dec 26-28 2013 with family--wife and 3 kids under 10 yrs old.  Free valet parking, Starbucks onsite in casino food court, friendliest staff including at the tables, adequate rooms (without coffee pots).  My son left his iPod in the reception area and didn't realize it until we were in our room about 10 mins later.  I called the front desk and they found it...impressive.  Close enough to the strip without being there...quiet and clean for the kids.  You can avoid the smoke of the casino for the most part, altho the buffet is adjacent to the casino so a little smokey.  Agree that the place is a little bit of a maze at first but it's good since it keeps the hotel portion away from the casino.  East portion of hotel is farther away from casino than the west wing if you get the chance to choose.  Pool view is worth it if you care, altho the pool is closed for winter months.  Will come back with the family.
4	I really like the design of this place. tastefully decorated with earthy tones and scrolled metal work. I didnt try any of the food so i cant say anything on that point. There is a movie theatre downstairs...which is nice its separate from the casino upstairs. This location is also surrounded by what appears to be a nice selection of shopping and eating. Will have to check that out next time.
4	Great place to stay if you wanna be away from the hustle and bustle of the strip but still be just minutes away from it.  I have taken my family to this Casino many times it is family friendly, has an amazing swimming pool area and at one time had the best pool are in Vegas.  Another reason I like this place is that you can still play a craps game for $5 on New Years Eve!   This is the time all the other Casinos on the strip raise the minimum bet to $25
1	Never stay here!  The resort is very nice, the staff is very nice, but it is in the middle of nowhere!  I have been here three times and have never waited less than 30 minutes for a taxi.  Never again!
3	Great for those not wanting to hit the strip but wanting to relax with family, in town to visit family or locals wanting to escape for a night. Great rooms, ranch style atmosphere, awesome pool area, walk across the street to the mall or to a restaurant.
4	I preface this review my noting that I do not gamble, nor have I stayed at Green Valley Ranch Resort & Spa. I have come on a number of occasions for the purpose of dining, watching movies and to enjoy some libations in the bars on property. I don't frequent GVR mostly because I do not live in the area, but when I do visit, I'm reminded by how much I actually like this property. It's on the smaller side, which makes it more intimate and easy to navigate. It's clean and organized and the staff that I have encountered have always gone above and beyond to help direct me towards venues I'm trying to locate.
1	I recommended this place to a friend of mine visiting from Australia, given it's convenient location to my house.  It was probably the worst recommendation I've ever made.  First, check in was late.  No apology, just an "Oh, your room isn't ready but should be in a few hours" - this at after 4PM.  Second, they double charged him for his room - ie, they hard charged the entire stay in advance, and then "authorized" the entire amount + incidentals  yet again (he was staying in a suite for eight days, so we're not talking chump change).  When it was pointed out, not only did the front desk not acknowledge the mistake, but proceeded to argue with him for three days, even though he showed bank verification of the double posting.  After three days of continuous hassle, and three days when several thousand dollars was no longer easily available for other events, they finally acknowledged and corrected their mistake, but failed to apologize or even offer any sort of compensation.  Third, room service ~ basically don't order anything but the fresh fruit, and don't make /any/ special requests, because you'll be ignored.Seriously, don't do what I did, do NOT EVER recommend this as a decent place to stay that's "off Strip", because frankly, I've seen better front desk customer service at a Hawthorne Inn.
1	No POOL ACCESS at a 4-star where you PAY A RESORT FEE! unbelievable!Beautiful furnishings but the beach pool is shut down in 78 degree weather. Misery during a great long weekend holiday. ANd they have the nerve to charge a $27 RESORT FEE ON TOP OF YOUR HOTEL ROOM PRICE!!!!!!Although very far from the strip, reserved the place for Valentines weekend because it was 4 star hotel. Even encouraged 3 other friends to join up! Very unfortunate that the hotel management has decided to NOT OPEN THE POOL so it sits there in all its tempting beauty with cabanas and waterfalls all around.Also, it's not as quiet in the room as you would expect. I can hear people in the two neighboring rooms talking.
4	Hotel is nice. The pool is closed during construction and In the winter. The spa pool and steam room is available to hotel guests. It is worth it and amazing. Favorite part of the trip for sure! We stayed in the resort the entire trip, no need to go to the strip. There's no dancing or night life but the happy hour at Hank's was great. Dirty and pear martini's were excellent and strong. The staff their do not crack smiles not even a little bit. We would go back for sure!
4	I need to write a positive review of GVR because it appears the poor place has gotten a bad rap.  OK, first:  I wasn't staying at the hotel so I can't comment on that.  My wife and I went there to gamble for a few hours and the four stars is for the loose slots -- much better than the Vegas strip -- we both walked away up, which on slots is rare. Also I had such a wonderful time playing Craps with the local old men that it will now be a funny and great memory (the lone out of town chic hanging out on a Sunday morning getting betting tips from these dudes - prepare to be schooled - but in a good way - I walked up ahead on this game too).  The comps aren't all that exciting - $3 to join - but the "food court" experience is convenient, as you can just hop over to get a piece of pizza or some Panda Express without paying an arm and a leg and committing yourself to a buffet.  I liked that, as we were short on time and wanted to maximize our gaming experience.  Yes, it's far from downtown Vegas, but we were staying with family in Henderson for this part of the trip.  I would actually come back now that I know about it, but only if I were renting a car -- a cab fare would be too much from downtown Vegas.
3	They have air conditioning. That's a plus. We came in searching for my friends slot machine that he helped design.. It wasn't there. typical casino thoroughfare, aging grandmothers, spending their offspring's inheritance on a few hours of fun on the penny slots. thankfully it's not smoke filled, the ventilation is adequate. However, you could still smell the crushed dreams and feel the majority's inability to truly understand the math behind probability and odds.But that's neither here nor there.
5	Man, I love this place!!!!!! We received a luxury suite for only $125 through Priceline! Our room had a grand piano, an 8-chair dining table, and 3 (3!) full bathrooms. When we checked in, we requested a room with 2 beds because we were a group of 4, but the concierge said that we would be downgrading if we did that. We took his advice and we lived like kings and queens for the night!It seems like this place has its own zipcode--it's that big! I've stayed in Vegas countless of times, but always on the Strip. Most hotels have their casinos attached to it, right? We saw the ranch's casino and drove to it, but the parking attendant said that the hotel was a few minutes away. This hotel does have a casino, but it's a lot smaller than the first one we went to. I loved it because the bets were as low as $5 (super low for a 3-day weekend!).   What's even more amazing is that they offer complimentary use of their spa! This might be a 'duh!' moment for you, but this was something new to me! Why wasn't I told of this before?! I just lounged in their spa area using their steam room, sauna room, spa, quiet room, etc. after we checked out and until I had to get ready for a wedding I had to attend. They had a beach pool that sparkled beautifully at night and glistened in the morning. As I'm getting older, I appreciate these kinds of hotels in Vegas more. Meaning, hotels away from downtown Vegas that offer peace and quiet, but not too far away if I wanted to party the night away.
4	GVR is one of the Station Casinos for locals. I haven't stayed here but I've frequented for gambling or dining.  It has a high ceiling for good ventilation and an open feel.  There is a huge variety of dining options for various pleasures - an Irish pub, an American cafe, a Fine steakhouse, buffet, oyster and seafood option plus a food court.  There you can find coffee or a frozen yogurt! Like I said... Many options! There is also a movie theatre on the lower level.  They have a free station card to sign up for which gets you discounts at the buffet and able to enter many of their promotional giveaways.  Numerous times I've received coupons in the mail for dining.  Hooray! GVR also is located to the District which has many shops and restaurants.  It is a great area and location! I always enjoy my visits to GVR resort and casino!
5	My husband and I had an absolute fantastic experience at GVR!!! Ryan, the gentleman at the front desk, was super amazing!!! His customer service was excellent and did not stop smiling throughout our entire check-in. The Valet drivers were super sweet and the gentlemen at the bell desk were also amazing! The room was pristine and exceeded our expectations. The amenities are amazing! My husband and I will definitely return when we have another romantic night out. Thanks again Ryan for making our night such a great experience!
2	Seems to be going downhill. Staff not cheerful or helpful. Have stayed here before, but will go elsewhere. South Point is cleaner and better value for example.
2	Nice looking place but too many smokers in the casino made it impossible for me to visit. Maid service knocked at 9:30a, 10:30a and 11:15a the day I was to check out at noon. I finally expressed my frustration to the third maid and was told something about a red light indicator outside my room... No idea what she meant by that. You really have to watch for signs leading to the East or West Tower guest rooms.  A "Resort Fee" of $25 plus tax for each day you stay is charged and includes a short list of amenities such as Internet service, but if you look at directions in the room, for logging in, it appears there is a daily fee for EACH device that connects. Not my idea for a place to spend Mother's Day weekend.  I don't think I'd stay for any other reason due to smokers.
5	GVR is an awesome locals spot, the casino has everything you need and out back there are two separate pools, one for the adults who like to have fun, as well as a huge hotel community pool with a beach sand bottom to really set your vacation like mood. This is definitely a once a week stop for me,
5	Loved it!Got in on a pretty inexpensive room deal. I've never minded staying off the strip since the strip is SUPER DIRTY AND CROWDED and parking is free anyways so why not drive in and then explore?The decoration was cute and the hotel was very big.  Our room seemed huge for what we paid and the bathroom was very nice with a large tub and a large detached shower.  I peeked in on other rooms and was surprised to find that ours may have been one of the smallest.  It seemed you could get really large rooms at this place and that's what you're looking for if you're with a big group so I definitely stowed that information away for later use. The shops attached to the hotel were also delightful.  I enjoyed the nice outdoor furniture at the shops and I ate at a restaurant with my mother that was very good.The casino was standard and new with a bingo room and all the crazy machines you could expect to see at a casino.  It wasn't SUPER HUGE but it was big enough for me.  I won some bingo and I won on a penny machine.The room had a stocked mini-bar and you could get food brought to your room as well (normal things but worth mentioning). I enjoyed the pool the most.  Since this is a resort it has a lovely pool area and you can even reserve a small pool if you want your own privacy.  I just used the general pool and enjoyed it.  There was lots of staff on hand to give you towels and offer to bring you food and or drinks.  I'm the kind of person who likes to be left alone and they only bothered me once so I was happy with that.  They even had large outdoor lay-about areas on the patio that weren't exactly poolside but were for lounging outdoors in the sun.  Upon check-in I had heard something odd about the pool being closed at 5pm but I think that must've been just ONE of the pools because there were more than one.  Also, the check-out time was late for most hotels and you could extend your check-out without charge if you wanted to lounge around the pool well past noon on the following day after your night's stay.  This feature was great because that is often my desire from Vegas.I noticed they had a library on every hotel floor but I didn't get to go inside and I regret that now given the decor.  I could see a library being styled pleasantly and having a lovely pool and strip view.I just think it was an overall positive stay with no hiccups.The parking was odd and it was a long walk to the rooms but that was the only negative thing that could be said about my whole stay and that is actually pretty common for Vegas casino hotels (and I have stayed in many) so I didn't think it a big drawback.Inside the casino they had food places, a Starbucks, and a movie theater.  So they just weren't lacking in anything and there was even a Whole Foods within walking distance (not that I needed it).I enjoy any place where I can have a good time all day without leaving.  That being said, I didn't stay too long at the hotel because I wanted to see some of the new casinos on the strip and I had a date with the neon graveyard.I recommend this place and recommend finding deals on sites like travelocity, priceline, trip adviser, and kayak.  Great deals and great service!  I would definitely stay again.
2	So sad such a beautiful property doesn't have a good staff to match. I visited a chairman level member friend of mine (their term for high level players) for a day at the pool and was very disappointed. The staff was impeccably rude upon my arrival, and cocktail service was terrible. As soon as I sat, a cocktail dropped by not to offer her services but to let us know she was leaving bc it was slow. I waited another 30 min with no sign of the other cocktail she spoke of that would be "checking on us". After going to the bar myself to order a round for my friends and I, I was not offered a receipt. Normally, I wouldn't mind, however, I was then informed by my friend who has been gambling there a very long time, they add an 18% gratuity to every bill (calling it a pool/resort fee) that goes directly to their employees and do not bother to tell you. Which is probably why I wasn't offered a receipt- so I would be unaware I was double tipping. By the end of my three hr afternoon a cocktail waitress had dropped by once right after I had returned from the bar. My other friends each took a turn going to the bar themselves afterward and the pool deck wasn't even busy. I will not be returning to this beautiful property ever again to spend a dime.
1	My husband and I come to Vegas once a week on business, we've been to Green Valley Ranch almost every weekend as my husband's family lives very  close. They told us the machines are tight, don't waste your money. They weren't kidding! The food experiences are as bad.  Cafe food was served cold, the server never came back to check.  Food court I explained I'm allergic to mayonnaise- my sandwich was drenched in it, the sandwich maker actually rolled his eyes. I almost walked away without the sandwich completely annoyed, should have but didn't.  The buffet experience (and very last time here)!  Terrible customer service- the cashier was impatient, the seater had flashed 3 fingers at us and marched off into the direction of our table, server brought 1 round of drinks and never saw her agsin - we asked another server for coffee at the end. The food was poor quality (this is what we do for a living)and very limited selection.  We aren't going to waste our time or money here again.
5	I really like this place. It is clean and very nice inside. The buffet here can't be beat!! It is such a good deal and the food is outstanding. I have never stayed here overnight but I plan to soon!
2	resort was pretty, room was fine, food that we had at the pool was great - but other than that i was underwhelmed. particularly the main pool. service was terrible. ended up going to the bar for our drinks before finally just going to the adult only pool to get away from the chaos and lack of attention from the waitstaff. i get it, they have to hire cute girls that are willing to wear a bikini to work everyday and look amazing. but a tip - try finding some servers that do more than work on thier dance moves at the bar instead of even trying to do thier jobs.
3	Gorgeous property!  Spa pool area is very posh.  The steam room, sauna  and spas are great too. Facial was superb.  It was up there with spas I've visited in Kaanapali and Sonoma!  Body wrap was so-so; definitely wouldn't do it there again.  The guy was really sloppy and got mud in my hair.  He was also really rushed and it just wasn't relaxing.  It was nothing close to other wraps I've had in the past. It is nice that the gratuity is included in the price of the service, but, it's  still pretty expensive!Staff was really in need of some training!  I had to ask a janitor how to get to the Women's locker room because the person that gave me the key pointed behind me then disappeared.  Once I got in the locker room I had to ask another customer where the restroom was because there wasn't an attendant to ask.  When I did run into the attendant 1/2 way through my visit she was great!  Very nice and helpful and offered to order me food if I wanted any.After a long day of R & R , I was super hungry.  I couldn't find the attendant, so, asked another spa staffer if I could get food delivered, but, they couldn't find a menu so they sent me out to the pool.  I waited about 15 minutes for the waitress and tried feverishly to flag her down, but, she wasn't having it.  Another 10 minutes pass and she dropped drinks off to the people right next to me and I smiled and asked if I could get a few things.  She told me someone else would be along soon because her shift was over.  Another 10 minutes passed and the person I originally asked for a menu that couldn't find one was in the area and asked me if I ever found the waitress.  I told him no, so he found someone to come help.  55 minutes later I finally got my salad and mojito, which were pretty good.Was it 5 star? No, but there is potential.  Maybe I got all of the staff on a bad day?
1	Just. Called no longer open to locals unless you buy a cabana. They don't like locals it's just a lame slogan.
4	This hotel was absolutely fantastic! My room was beautiful, the hot tub was open all night. The front desk (especially Marques) were outstanding. I ate at the buffet it was very good also.
4	Saw a commercial on "Military Monday", we had a great two for one dinner buffet, had fun playing blackjack with  the love of my life, got a free t shirt, all is good with the world! We will be back!
5	I will say that I have never stayed in the hotel here, but I visit this casino frequently.  It is a great place to stay if you are from out of town and not interested in the Strip.  There is a mall right outside its front door with great restaurants like Lucille's BBQ, The Elephant Bar and the Cheesecake Factory, along with a Coffee Bean and a lot of nice stores. The casino itself is very nice.  I have been to them all and the Red Rock and Green Valley Ranch are the top two casinos in my opinion off of the strip.  Very clean, and it is kid friendly with a movie theater and I think it has a bowling alley, not sure.  Great place to come and gamble, although I would recommend staying away from the slots, I feel like they are really tight there compared to other places, but it is a great place for table games.
4	So my friend had a conference here and asked me to join her for some weekend fun. When I heard it was located off the strip I'll admit I wasn't too excited. But when I showed up I was pleasantly surprised - this place is actually really nice!First of all, they do offer a free airport shuttle but only at specific times of the day so if you don't time it right you may be out of luck. Luckily my plane landed at just the right time to catch a ride. The shuttle was like a little bus so it was comfy and the ride wasn't too long.Like most places in Vegas, this place is huge. It's got a big casino, tons of rooms and a really big pool area. The room was really nice, clean and quiet. The bathroom was gigantic. And the bed was really comfy.The pool area was nice - lots of chairs and umbrellas. But the best part was a little ways off the pool they have these big bed-type structures that are awesome! I want one of these for my own backyard. I could hang out there all day.The only real bummer was that their strip shuttle only runs until 8:30pm. Who comes back from the strip at 8:30?? The cab ride back cost over $40 - so plan accordingly if you don't have a car!
3	Nice casino off off OFF the Strip. The only reason to stay here if you are coming to Las Vegas is with a convention group. Its like a nice casino resort shoved in a shopping mall from Columbus OH. Layout reminds me very much of Easton Center. No one looking to come to Las Vegas from out of state should stay here. Its a $30 cab ride one way to get to the strip. They have a shuttle (with limited seating and schedules) that will take you there for free. But I know when I come to Vegas I want to experience Vegas. That being said its a nice place, The rooms are comfortable. And if you have to be marooned in Henderson it's not the worst placeOH! VERY IMPORTANT - Make sure you get a good cab driver. Do not get in the cab with the guy who arrived two weeks ago from Ethiopia and is now driving a cab. He will have no idea where to go and his iPhone (thanks Apple!) will take you completelu in the WRONG direction and then ask you for $75 when you finally redirect him to the right location. BE WARY!This is not the vacationers Las Vegas. This is Henderson. It's built for corporate meetings and events. That's OK. Just know what you are getting into.
5	i have never stayed here before but go here alot. the service is very friendly. the buffet is good and the pool area is beautiful. only bad thing is no more poker tourneys in the poker room. cash games only
1	Sat at the pool for an hour without a server coming by. Had to go to the bar and order food and drinks. Oscar...the Spa Manager...was not helpful at all with a problem we had at the spa. Terrible customer service.
2	Recently bought a groupon for Green Valley Ranch.  Purchased it for a staycation.Although It is a gorgeous property, their resort fee is ridiculous, being about $29.00 per day.  Also they put a $100.00 per day hold on any credit card you use.  This isvery inconvenient.  And to top it off, got home and found out my credit card had fraudulent activity on it.  I know it came from this property, because I never use that credit card.  I used it because of the $100.00 hold per day.  They put wine glasses in the room, just in case you want to drink the wine in the mini bar that is in your room.However no coffee pot, no complimentary coffee at all.  This will force you to go downstairs and purchase a cup for $3.75 at the cafe.    Also I believe my sunglasses got stolen out of my room when we were at breakfast.  They were expensive Maui Jim sunglasses.  Beware if you go to Green Valley Ranch.
5	The service at this hotel is impeccable. The best I have experienced. If you are waiting in the lobby they bring you cold water.  Was here for an Amazing sorority convention.  Served 3  meals a day to 850 people seamlessly, did not clear tables while program was on.  Rooms are  huge, grounds beautiful, pool is amazing and so is the gym.   It's new clean and beautiful.
3	Great Property - Crappy ServiceMain problems  - Unsatisfactory front desk especially the check in / check out process and the lack of courteousness of the staff. The check in process took way too long, over 45 minutes. The front desk person, fiddled on the computer left the desk to check on something not once but twice, then told us we would be upgraded to a suite for one night of our stay with a king size bed & a roll out serta cot, then need to switch rooms the next day.  Neither my colleague or I wanted to sleep on a roll out or transfer rooms the next day so the front desk person left the area again & asked for a manager to speak with us. After waiting another 10 minutes, the manager came out & told us how lucky we were that a room had just become available & we would not need to switch rooms after all. Please note - that this is the room which we had reserved almost 3 months ago. The manager did not apologize for the delays or inconvenience. But at any rate, 45 minutes later we were finally off to our rooms with no help or offer of bellhop to help us find our way. We also had a very long & delayed check out, where the front desk person again left & went to the back area more than once without explaining anything to us. The billing was done incorrectly & I was over charged for the stay twice, which I found out when I viewed my credit card statement after arriving home. I was able to resolve the over charginging situation.  Oversll , I was very disappointed in these factors of my stay & do not feel that the resort lived up to expectations.
4	I'm not a Vegas fan.  I don't gamble & I'm not crazy about casinos. My husband had a meeting so I decided to tag along for some sun. I LOVED this place! 1. If you don't have kids with you enjoy the relaxing spa pool. Great attentive friendly service & peaceful. 2. Massage- spa! Amazing!!! Steam room. Dry sauna, whirlpool etc... Spa was beautiful & clean & relaxing. Randy gave an amazing massage. I had a great mani pedi from a very sweet girl named Rhianna. She was a pro!! The salon was pretty & clean. Impressive. Wag I had my hair done.3. Our room was really pretty & clean & bright with lots of light. Our room service lady was SO sweet! She poured my coffee and handed it to me in bed. 4. Drinks we're great. 3 glasses of Pinot & four mimosa . Yum! 5. Staff is SO friendly and professional. I really enjoyed my stay & will for sure come back. My one complaint is front desk staff could be friendlier & smile. Also they need to change the brown polyester uniforms worn by some of the staff- Poor things look hot & they are ugly.
4	First time here, the resort is beautiful and perfect if you are from Vegas wanting a "staycation" away from the strip.  Their man made beach/pool is perfect for the kids, no hoochie mamas prancing around the pool.The reason why I'm giving them 4 stars is because check in is supposedly at 3pm, well I went there at 3pm to check in and I was told my room wasn't ready, however, it would be ready between 3-5pm!!! What the heck!  I did not get called until about 415ish to get the key card to our room.  So my advice to you is to call ahead of time to avoid this delay.  All in all, my family 2 adults and 2 kids, had a great time at the resort.  We made use of the pool that accommodated our "family".  We will definitely be back again during the summer season.
1	Epic fail. What hotel, a so called locals hotel closes the pool at 3pm on 4th of July! What are we suppose to do with the kids? Play slots?? Not cool and to add salt to injury I called to verify pool hours a week ago and they said it would be open til 8pm. So when I call to discuss with front desk they inform me it was a corporate decision and they can't do anything about it. Ok that makes it better. Never staying here again.
1	The pool was amazing and decor was. When we got here to check in, after calling a week in advance for an early check in, we were informed that our room wasn't ready and that we would be getting a king bed only after reserving two queens. We had to show them our charges on the credit card to prove we had two queens. We waited for an hour and a half for our room and finally got it. We walked it and it smelt like something dead and rotting was in the room. After  that we were requesting another room we were told we couldn't receive one and we could only get our room refreshed by febreeze.
4	This was a great resort we stayed a few days! They had great fruit platters and the California omelet for healthy choices was great! There is a smoothie place in there food court area that has many healthy choices as well. Some good healthy choices here.The rooms very nice! Room service way over priced! Save the money for slots and go down stairs to cafe and get same for much less. The pool is nice and great for kids cause it has a sandy beach with the sand running into the pool like a beach!
5	This place has wifi for those of you who like get online and brag about how beautiful this place is.  I am not a gambler so therefore i am not going to talk about  it but what I am going to talk about is its design and architecture, simply beautiful.  It is family friendly with a pool area, food court and rodeo style shopping area with more restaurants again.  The buffet is awesome, staff that work in this place is great always willing to assist anyone.
3	Good for locals, great steak house and the rooms are nice. The problem is the pool.  No locals allowed at the pool which is a huge disappointment.  The pool area is very unkept, with attractive but very unfriendly staff.  The casino & hotel I give 3 stars...the pool gets 1 star!!!  If your a local, your better off having your stay-cation at the M- casino where you can meet up with your friends.
5	My husband and I come to Vegas quite often and are tired of the "strip experience" We stayed here for the first time last weekend. We never left the hotel/casino.  We paid for one night, and comped the second. We came in through the self-park garage off 215 and if it hadnt been for a very nice hotel patron, would have had a very difficult time getting to the check in desk. In NO WAY can you see it from the casino. In fact, it is quite far from the casino, but thats not necessarily a bad thing once you know how to get there.The rooms are very nice, we had a pool/strip view. The bathrooms are very large, and plenty of towels. The two negatives are: 1. no coffee in the room or lobby. 2. the fridge is fully stocked and if you move anything to put your water bottles or anything else in, you get charged for moving it, which makes the fridge useless. We were able to cram 3 waterbottles at a time in the ice bucket.We enjoyed the pool area very much! I was out there for 6 hours one day. water temp was perfect! 1/2 is sand bottom, 1/2 is regular. There are a few seats in the water, but unless you are out there as soon as they open, you wont get to sit there.  They do have lots of chaise lounges with very nice terry cloth padded covers, and plenty of umbrella's for shade. Plenty of servers on hand too. Also water w/fruit is provided at the bar and towel station. We also enjoyed the grape vinyards and walking path near the pool area. Infact, we took our "Christmas card" picture there.The buffet is NOT worth the price, only the deserts are good. The cafe is very good. We had the $9.99 T-bone steak VERY GOOD!  ( served anytime, not on the menu, you have to ask for it) between 12am-6am they have specials, you must have a players card AND ask for the special menu. We had 2 eggs, hashbrowns and toast for $1.99. Plenty of it and very good!The casino is large! with plenty of cocktail servers. The first night, I started with $100, got down to $9. turned that $9 into $103 by the time I went to bed at 2:30am. The second day I was at the pool all day, and didnt start to gamble til about 5pm.  I lost the $103, and another $80 by 10pm. I decided to play penny poker, did pretty well playing 10 cents at a time, so up'd my bet to "max bet" (100 pennies) BAM! I got FOUR eights and won $50! I started playing the other slots and got that up to $127 and went to bed. The next morning, I took $20 to play the slots before we left, and ran that up to over $120. I lost about $70 of that leaving Vegas with $37 more than I took with me! I'm hoping they invite us back to recoup THEIR money!.
1	NIGHTMARE HOTEL is a better description of this pseudo resort UNTRAINED STAPH no not a misspell Valet ATT was an idiot I used a living social and they have still not credited my acct it's been over a month layout of hotel is piece mealed by a blind mouse I'd rather stay home
4	I had lots of energy and was fully awake driving from the opposite side of town to Henderson but after talking all day and night with a friend then followed up by a not-so-good dinner sucked the life out of me and plus, I hate driving. My aunt who lives behind GVR, moved elsewhere so, I had nowhere to crash and I ended up staying here for the night.The Pool:They have a very nice pool area and it's not super crowded like the pools on The Strip infested with diseases. Lots of areas to sit and chill out. Very clean and I didn't see drink cups/ glasses/ bottles, etc. It is relaxing. 5/5Room:The room I stayed in had 2 queen beds, flat screen TV, mini bar, ironing board, bathrobe, and a desk area. It was by the pool area but it was quiet. The toiletries include: lotion, shampoo, conditioner, almond bar soap, hand soap, and body wash. Nice marble floor,beautifully tiled shower separate from the tub. 4/5Restaurants and Bars:Tides, Drop, etc. You may want to go across the street (The District) if you want to eat something good. 2/5Entertainment:They have a casino and movie theatre. 3/5It's pretty reasonable to stay here maybe for a staycation which I've never done and probably would never do since I'd rather travel. The District is just across the street for food and shopping. They have a spa and a fitness center - make sure you check their hours.
5	My wife and i came here last week. Very clean, large bay window view and very friendly service.9One of the best amenities is the patio of green valley ,red wine,cigar, long lost friends, what else?
2	Went there to go to the movies, parking structure to the elevator, elevator has no a/c. Okkkkaaayyyy, walking down to movie theatre everything good. Go into theatre and very sticky and humid inside, sat down and seats squeak when your leaning back, not just mine, everybodys, then when the movie starts ( we seen Lucy by the way ) the suround  sound speaker was blown making a crackling sound . I don't know if this is a GVR isssue or a Reagle issue but if your going to compete with Brendan or century this is the little things that will not bring people back.
4	**This Review is for the Pool Area Only**I went to the Green Valley Ranch pool to take in some sun, a few drinks, and relax with the locals...annnnddd I kind of loved it! There's plenty of room to layout and sip an adult beverage, plus the douche factor here seems minimal. I'm sure this varies from day to day or weekend to weekend, but I don't really see a reason for many out-of-towners to come all the way to the GVR Pool. The pool has a nice beach entrance which is great for kids and for all those parents who need some well deserved R & R. They also offer cabana rentals with covered seating, bottle service, and for the ballers, you can enjoy the VIP area called, "The Pond". This area looked cool from what I could see, but it was literally a small peek as the door was closed. There are also small and shallow wading pools, that halfway surround the main pool for those extra small water lovers. The pool is free all of the time unless there's a private party. If you plan on being a regular here I would recommend getting the VIP card. You'll get special offers and maybe some extra love at the bar. Bring a towel and no hiding booze, because they may check your bag before you enter the main pool. This is a great spot if you want to feel like your escaping from the rat race for few hours or the weekend for a staycation!
1	If I could,I would give zero stars. Here's why:Upon arrival the systems were down and I was not able to check in until 7pm. I arrived at 1 an expected to be in my room around 3, not 7pm. At the lobby bar I ordered a Moscow mule and it came in a copper cup. 30 minutes after I got my drink I was enjoying it outside until the bartender interrupts my conversation with some friends to tell me, "if you steal this mug you will be charged 30 bucks." My instant reaction was why would I want to steal this mug, I'm not into selling copper on the black market. So rude! Then a friend who was staying there too had a gas leak in her room, she had to change rooms at 2am! Last but not least, they deactivated my key 24 hours before my check out time. Don't waste your money or time here!
2	Went today and was very disappointed by the way we were treated! Our friends had reserved a daybed. The reservations were not transferred from the concierge to the pool desk and they told us there was no day bed. My one year old grew impatient with how hot it was, and they told us we had to stand to the side of the pool in the heat while it was sorted out. Once the concierge finally found the reservation, she was incredibly rude and had an attitude. Let's just say I will NOT be returning to their pool...
2	Absolutely lovely resort!  Sadly, the worst customer service I've experienced in a looonnnnng time.  Slow, systems issues galore (with NO sense of urgency what so fricken ever).  At EVERY point of contact the service sucked.  There was also a lack of employees, in general.  Example:  Took over an hour to get my lunch - a bowl of soup.  Should have known as it took 15 mins to get seated and there was lots of empty tables...Overall, a shame.  Such a lovely place.
5	Love, love, love this place.  Everyone who worked here worked very hard to make our stay enjoyable.  The valets were always able to give us directions.  We rented a cabana by the pool and the service was awesome.  Whatever we needed they were there.  The rooms were big, clean, and a great place to relax.  This might just be my new hotel for Vegas.
4	First time staying at Green Valley Ranch.  I enjoyed my stay and would be happy to return.LOCATION* About 10 minutes from the south part of the strip without traffic.* Adjacent to The District shops and restaurants, which is nice.ROOMI stayed in a "Superior King" room in the East Tower.  It's clean and comfortable, though not as large as other "entry level" rooms I've stayed in around town.  There's a desk, a lounging chair and ottoman, two side tables (one with a Bose stereo), and a mini-bar which is really just a tray with a few items on it.  No refrigerator in the room.  (I mention this because if you have medications that require refrigeration, you'll have to keep refilling the ice bucket.)The bathroom is quite nice: large and clean with a separate large tub from a walk-in shower.There is also a free-use safe in the closet.Note: there is apparently free wi-fi in the room.  It never worked for me, and it never worked for friends in a different room.  I called the help desk; they walked me through some steps to try to get it to work, but it never did.Air conditioning worked great!I wish electrical outlets were more accessible -- for phone chargers and such.  I had to unplug the stereo behind an end table to plug in my charger to have my phone near me.CASINOFine.  I visited from Sunday through Tuesday; the casino was never too crowded.  Casino staff is friendly.  I love playing Bingo; the Bingo room is very nice -- but the Bingo session is a little pricy for a very modest payout and quick (55 minute) session.RESTAURANTSMany of the restaurants were closed for remodeling during my visit.  I did visit Hank's during happy hour, which is fantastic.  The Feast buffet at breakfast was great as well -- just $8 for a large selection.  The food court has Capriotti's subs, a pizza place, Fatburger, a frozen yogurt place, a Starbucks, and another place or two.  I did not visit the Grand Cafe, but I did purchase from their pastry counter.  Delicious.POOLBeautiful.  Nice 21 and over side pool as well.  Varied seating areas, from traditional lounges to sofas and cabanas.  Great area -- even after the pool closes at 7 p.m.SHOPSThere are two very small gift shops in the hotel, but GVR's adjacency to the District shops and restaurants is awesome.  Note: the District is an outdoor mall, so during the summer it will be hot.  SPORTS BOOK, MOVIE THEATER, ARCADE, EVENTS CENTEROf these, I only visited the arcade (disappointing as a 40+ year old, but probably enjoyable for kids).SERVICEVery friendly staff at every stop.NUTSHELLI enjoyed it here.  I love the look, decor, location, service, and amenities.  I visited because of a Groupon deal, which was fantastic, so be on the lookout for those.
1	We have gone to the buffer for years back when they had crab nightly and for us it was the best buffet ever. We always ate here one while visiting from SoCal The crab buffet  ended a few years ago but we happened to be in town and noticed the buffet had crab on Friday night so we wentWe waited for 1.5 hours in line started shortly after 7 pm. They had several VIP lines and sat everyone in those lines before general public - very unfair. The crab legs were tiny baby crab no meat like before and poor tastingThis buffet went from the top of our choice to where we will never go back They are out of town in Henderson and used to worth the drive but  not anymore most other casinos have a better buffet and better service
3	Beautiful property, convenient - close to airport and right next to an outdoor mall. Not great if you're going to party, but perfect if you're coming for a conference or to lay by the pool. Pool is clean and beautiful!! The bathroom in the room was questionable (mildew in the shower EW!) and the lighting was horrific! Skimpy on the electrical outlets.  NO coffee pot in the room! The room that overlooked a PARKING LOT! Stay away from East Tower 8534. Customer service was not tops - i called about my safe (it was locked) and the woman on the phone was so rude and condescending. I give this place an "eh." But seriously, that pool... And the cool lobby bar!
1	Poor Customer service from valet:Drove in to Valet with my new $55,000  2014 RAM Hemi 4X4 and was treated like shit!Sorry I didn't bring my 2013 SA7 Audi maybe I would of been treated differently. And Valet guys thank you for informing me you make roughly $65,000.00 a year. Perhaps a education on ethic and respect for those who help you to make your $65,000 a year would be warranted. Poor Customer Service at Check in:Very Rude And Short with answers and response to my question. Perhaps at least a smile when you call the next person in line up rudely. I'm sorry I'm bothering you while your at Work!!!!!!GO TO RED ROCK!!!!!!Never staying at this hotel again management wake up!!!!!!! Your hotel and services are dated and lacking.
1	This piece of s**t hotel just screwed me over with their reservation system. Somehow using their completely broken reservation web site, I ended up with a reservation for today rather than October, and when I immediately tried to cancel and undo the reservation, they CHARGED ME FOR A ROOM TONIGHT AND REFUSED TO GIVE ME A REFUND. I now have to pay for a room I will not use.I WILL NEVER, EVER GIVE THESE RIP-OFF ARTISTS MY BUSINESS. EVER.Hey, Green Valley. If you want to win my business again, refund reservation #JQH6J for 8/29/14. Now is your chance to treat your customers right.
1	This place always sends out shady advertising deals. I am not sure what they mean by we love locals because we are locals and avoid this place like the plague.
2	Had my wedding Reception here on August 16th. LET ME FIRST START OFF BY SAYING THE ONLY REASON I GAVE THIS ESTABLISHMENT 2 STARS IS BECAUSE OF MRS PENNY FUSSELL (BANQUET EVENTS COORDINATOR) OTHER THAN THAT IF I COULD GIVE NEGATIVES I WOULD HAVE. My Wedding Reception took place in the la cascada banquet room  . The banquet crew kept several of my decor items. Which were later mailed back to me after raising awareness of the miss items to Mrs. FussellSeveral Items that me and my husband prepaid for through the banquet ( Very Expensive) were discarded by banquet crew without awareness. Very disappointed with this action. Working Class doesn't have money to throw away I would have appreciated if a member of the team came up to us prior to discarding our items and asked if we like them boxed.This didn't happen. I raised awareness to Mrs. Fussell (listed above) She was very apologetic and said that she can only due what the banquet director allowed and at this point the director was not willing to compensate or replace the discarded items.Poor Customer Service and Bad Business on the Director End. For this establishment to call itself a four star resort your business ethnics are horrible to hassle your customer over  compensation of nearly $300 dollars worth of prepaid items. Will Take my business to a competitor Next Time. I will continue to reflect my complaints with other entities such as Forbes magazine and Better Business Bureau
4	Beautiful pool area and bar!  Super clean rooms and restful atmosphere.  Casino on-premises.  Full conference center available with shops and restaurants within walking distance.  20 minute cab ride to the strip.  Ask for a pool view room to avoid casino parking garage or interstat e view.  Can walk to plenty of shopping and dinner options - the locals come to this area to shop.
3	Front DeskVery Rude, and that was two of them. My sister was checking in at the same time.And remember they get you for the resort fee per night 28.00. RoomVery CleanNeed extra Electric outletsNO COFFEE POTThey say free WiFi.. didn't workShort on towels and to call.RestaurantsThe worst service I have ever had in the Coffee shop. And the coffee tasted like Folger's (ugh).Went to Starbucks in the food court, gave them my debut card with my picture on it, they wanted to see my ID. For one cup of coffee. I have never been ask by Starbuck for a photo ID when I have it on my BofA card. So I went over to the Coffee Shop and got the Folger's Coffee (ugh). Whats a girl going to do when she needs her coffee fix.PoolWonderful warm and cleanOrder lunch, Club with Fries, sandwich was as hard as a rock and cold. Fries where cold. Diet Coke was ok.Closes very early, like 7pm. which is a shame, night time swimming is so nice. They have an Adult pool, which I wish the drunk's would use it and not have foul mouths at the pool and slobbering actions. Maybe they got kick out of the Adult pool?Didn't like my grand kids to see that. Had to explain why the women kept falling in the pool drunk and her drunk friends had to help her. My obinion of Green Valley Resort and Spa, that cost an arm and a leg.They need to update there roomsHave their staff go to a class on how to treat customersGet a new Chef in the restaurants Get another type of a Coffee Bar in the food courtAND INSTEAD ALL THE CANDY IN THE ROOM PUT A COFFEE POT IN THE ROOM
5	I love this place.  All the staff is super nice,  the rooms are huge and beautiful. the pool area is sour rounded by palm trees and cabanas, I felt like I was in Hawaii until I saw the desert outside.... What an oasis!  The buffet  is the best deal in town.  I highly recommend the green valley hotel.
5	MY NEW HAPPY PLACE! In Vegas at least. i can't believe it's only now that I discover this hidden gem. Went on a staycation over the weekend and had a great time!My favorite spots are the pool and the day beds. I love that the pool has sand, you feel like you're on the beach. Something we lack here in Vegas. I also love the area under the bridge where the seats are submerged in water. Perfect way to cool down in this summers heat. Our suite was also SWEEET! It was one of the nicer suites I have seen in the Valley. It was spacious, and super clean I felt so at home. It had a mini bar, a dining table huge enough to hold a meeting, a huge couch, huge bathroom and a nice tub. The only thing I could think of that I didn't like was that the casino smells like cigarette but it's fine cause I didn't really go to that area that much. Overall I would still give this place a 5 stars. It now is one of my favorite spots in town, and it has all the ingredients to a perfect STAYCATION. If you're a local, do yourself a favor and go experience GVR. :)
5	Absolutely love the buffet! Probably the best seafood buffet in Las Vegas area. It's a great place to get together and the whole family loves it! Recommend it to anyone.
1	My husband and I stayed there for two nights in June. We had a good time, until we checked out. We moved to a hotel on the strip and I immediately found that we had forgotten our iphone and ipad chargers and a pair of wedge sandals (brand new at $120). I called lost and found approximately an hour and a half after we checked out. The gal in lost and found/security was very nice but they could not locate my sandals even though I told them exactly where I left them nor our chargers? Long story short my sandals and chargers were stolen by either housekeeping or they didn't clean well and stolen by the next guest in our room. They sent us chargers, which weren't ours. General manager pushed me off to their insurance company who stated they weren't liable for the theft! We WILL NOT give them our business again, which is really ashame because it's a nice resort.
1	I frequently(once a/wknd) come here to gamble as I am a local and it is only ten minutes away from home, but that will change especially will my experience this past weekend. I know this might sound like sour grapes b/c I lost money, but I have lost money here before and never had an issue. Well anyway I visited to gamble this past Sunday night and was there for approximately 5-6 hrs lost money no big deal. Except for the last 45mins-hour at the BJ table I encountered the most unprofessional ass of a dealer ever, never have I encountered a dealer laughing and rubbing in the fact that he kept getting 20 and that I was losing, his name was Terry. Please understand I'm used to gambling and understand sometimes you lose, but this man was cheering for that fact that he was winning which I have never seen before.  I ended losing 900 that night which in the end isn't a big deal as I've had previous nights losing here before. But the reason I'm giving this casino a bad review is the lack of professionalism and the fact that I came back the next night and asked for a $25 comp to fatburger and was turned away by the casino host, now I don't know if it's because I'm a young man or a "kid" (I'm 26 btw) or the fact that it doesn't look like I spend a lot of money here even though I get free $75 table bets here every week but never before have I ever been treated like a second class patron here til this week. Its a very nice looking hotel and casino and my previous visits they were  usually great to me but after this recent experience, I will take my business elsewhere and now understand why the place was so empty. I am a loyal patron to station casinos so I would probably only visit red rock across town from now on.
5	This is my favorite Casino in the World!  It's a great place for food, slots, bingo, pool and movies.Sports Book: Place your bets but make sure to ask for a drink ticket, you should get one for every bet you make.  Then head over to the bar and get a free drink with you ticket and relax on the plush seat and watch a game.Slots: They have a good mix of new and classics.  They usually put all the new games in front of the buffet and around the drop bar.  Or you can check out some of the classics by the sports book and parking garage entrance.Pool:  If you're a local they won't let you into the resort pool anymore (you used to pay a small fee to get in before 2012).  But instead, try going to the 21+ pool named 'The Pond', it's free and it's got a great atmosphere, live DJ, clean water and cold drinks.  I always take my out of town friends here.Bingo:  The bingo hall here is big with large tables.  They also put the smokers behind glass to keep the air fresh.  You pay about $10 for a bingo packet for about an hour of entertainment plus you get 2 free drinks!  Sometimes they have fun promotions and give you candy bars with coupons in them or free donuts.Movies:  Not a bad place to watch a movie.  They have 8 theaters and Tuesdays are half price tickets!
1	I have stayed at this hotel before and had such a great experience, then boom today happened. We arrived to check in at 1am on a prepaid reservation and was told there were NO more nonsmoking rooms and I could choose from the two smoking rooms they had and if not I could go find a room at another hotel. I am still in shock. After my experience I read the most recent reviews and I am so disappointed that the hotel I use to call my favorite hotel is doing so poorly. DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY HERE. Worst front desk customer service in the world.
4	I love GVR! Shopping, dining, movies, dancing & a spa...what more can you ask for? I've gone for birthday celebrations, family supper, date nights, movies, poolside play, shopping, truck or treating & spa days! And it's OFF The Strip & less than a mile from home. Visiting friends & family are never disappointed when we go there instead of downtown! The only thing they could add is a children's area....like Town Square....only better!  ;)
3	NOT FOR NON-SMOKERS!!! Beautiful hotel with very clean rooms, and off the strip but C'mon Vegas you gotta get with the program and follow Atlantic City's lead and ban smoking in all of the casinos.Okay, so there was a small non-smoking section for slots in the casino but you still can't avoid it. I would have given this resort a 5 star but I cannot believe that they still allow smoking in the casinos/pool area here. In order to get access to any of the restaurants you have to walk through the smoke filled casino. Nice that there's a huge movie theater downstairs on the premises but again you're subjected to the cigarette stench.Fortunately, we stayed in the East Tower building which is a completely separate building where the smoke won't travel.  We stayed on the 8th floor, the view was facing the parking lot but had a great sunrise view over the mountains and it seemed as though we had the entire floor to ourselves, it was great! Didn't see another soul the entire time except for the staff.Staff are wonderful too, very accommodating, amenities are great, nice plush robe in the room but would've been nice to have 2 robes instead of 1 (hence 2 people in a room) but I didn't care, I don't use robes, robes are stupid anyway ;-)The infinity pool is nice, has a little sand area like you're at a beach.  But the pool at the  spa is great for doing laps and it's never crowded. It's a hidden gem. And not any smokers there. ;)
4	Use your players card, I think you get a slight discount at the buffet. Similar to M Hotel, if you like to have a drink or two while your gambling, this is sort of a destination resort/casino rather than one you can go into and then wonder into a neighboring casino. Set off all my it's lonesome, it is a nice casino with fairly friendly dealers and cage personnel. It is much more of a locals casino (because of it's location) but they don't shun or mistreat visitors (as they need our money too). Nice buffet, they also have a food court, good sized sports book and all the slot machines you could ever ask for. There are enough table games to fill your curiosity (although not a large number of tables) and enough room inside to easily walk around when you need a break. We plan on staying there next time we're in town to see how the rooms and hotel service is for us out of towners. If you go, hope you win, good luck!
3	Was here for a convention this week and the place was decent. They event staff did a great job accommodating our convention. The valet and front desk were friendly, helpful, courteous and very professional. Housekeeping department dropped the ball one of the days- oh well... next time I'll just have them clean the room right there and then instead of asking them to come back in an hour- No biggie. Staff at the lobby bar was not very friendly and a little rude. The casino was good, plenty of open tables. However, Roger at the Black Jack table was a total freaking jerk! It was as if they had dragged his ass to work kicking and screaming. Stay home if you're not feeling it you prick! He alone dropped this review to a three star. I did pick up a couple hundred bucks though :)
2	Hotel staff not as friendly as the other stays. They over promised and never delivered. Such a shame. It's such a nice property.
2	Room: We were put in a room on the 3rd floor all the day at the end of the hallway facing the highway. I am pregnant and a light sleeper and that wasn't gonna suffice.  So I called the front desk where they told me my only other option was a 2 queen bed room, no more kings.  Hard to believe because the resort seemed deserted.  But we took it.  That was annoying. Also, in both rooms we were in, the mini bar price list was completely out of date.  There were several items on both mini bars that were not even listed on the list.  I wanted these items but had no idea I would be bogusly charged for them so I didn't indulge.  Disappointing. The powering washing each night of the pool area, VERY obnoxious.  Can this not be done after the pool closes when everyone is at dinner?  1. I could hear it from our room when we went to bed early. 2. The next night we went to the hot tub and they were power washing all around us and it was very obnoxious and loud.  Terrible. Next, the steakhouse experience.  VERY disappointed in how that turned out. Also, our last morning my husband went down to starbucks to get my an ice water.  He also ordered himself a coffee but he forgot his ID/wallet because he was just going to do a room charge.  We stayed at The Aria the 2 nights prior to coming here and didn't need our ID's for the room charges.  So we weren't used to it.  Well he didn't have his ID so he just asked them for the water for his pregnant wife and to forget the coffee.  They said no because the water was $.27, not free.  Are you kidding me?!  The resort can't spare $.27 as a courtesy to this EXTREME INCONVENIENCE after  a 10-15 minute round trip walk?  So he had to walk all the way back up to our room for his ID just to get me water.  He even asked if he could txt me and ask me to send a picture of his ID to show the cashier and he said no.  How absurd.  All for $.27 for the pregnant lady.
3	We live in town, but wanted a 'beach' getaway with our 2 year old. First day went great.. hotel is beautiful, and our room was clean and gorgeous. the second morning we were ready to use the beach/pool, when we were notified that the main pool is closed for the day due to an "incident". It was 102F that day and we had a 2 year old desperate to go build sand castles.. After about an hour speaking with management and concierge, they 'rectified' the situation by offering us movie tickets ... because our 2 year old is going to sit through a 2 hour movie (yeah right... and they had no childrens movies showing)... Aside from the pool incident (which is the sole reason we came here), everything would have been fine... just not a very small kid friendly place as they advertise. I am very disappointed how the pool situation was handled by management. Otherwise I would have rated 5 stars..
4	Since we had such a great time on our last visit watching football when we had the opportunity to stay at the hotel on a Sunday it didn't take long to decide to do it. It was a little difficult to find the hotel entrance as it is completely separate from the casino but once we found it they had free valet parking which was awesome. We were way earlier than the check in time but luckily we were able to check in right away. The lobby was totally beautiful and grand. Check in went very smoothly and the employee who checked us in was very friendly. We were in the east tower which was a bit of a walk from the hotel lobby but it was closer to the casino. I really liked that you had to use your room key to get into the area where the rooms are. We stayed in a king room and I was impressed at how big the room was. The furnishings were nice and everything was well appointed. The bed was super comfortable and the pillows were amazing. We had dinner at the buffet which was very good. There were a lot of choices and the staff was very friendly. We wanted to go to the pool or hot tub but we couldn't really figure out when it was open or even if there was a hot tub. The only thing we were disappointed in were the bars we had so much fun in before. We had a terrible time getting service and all the empty tables had glasses or bottles on them. The staff spent most of the time standing at the end of the bar talking. If I was rating this on that experience alone it would be much lower. Overall we would stay here again with the hopes that those in the bar were having an off day. The comfy bed would make it totally worth it.
4	This is one of my favorite local casinos since moving to LV years ago. A little bit of a drive for me but worth it in the long run. I like how the slot machines are spread out and it's not crammed like some places. I hate being around smoke but I don't feel overwhelmed from second hand smoke here. They food court has some nice options for a quick bite and they have some decent restaurants. I noticed they will be opening a few new places and Pizza Rock will be one of them. I don't gamble often but when I do I try and get to GVR.
5	Superb customer service from every department! From the valet and bellmen upon arrival, to the front desk upon check-in we felt a sincere welcome. We had to switch room only due to the error of a double beds instead of a king and all we had to do was sit tight. Someone came up immediately, switched us and even offered to fill our ice bucket.We were there for a wedding so previously were not familiar with the resort. However, I'd love to return to experience all of amenities. It's great patronizing businesses where guests feel welcomed. You can genuinely tell the employees love their job too!
4	Nice hotel casino resort.  Nice location with shopping and restaurants within walking distance.   Been to the casino and shopping here several times.  First time staying at the hotel.  Comfortable beds, quiet and spacious rooms.  Very happy with my stay here.  I will return.
1	I have to say my husband and I have always enjoyed coming to GVR to gamble. Unfortunately after are last two experience in the high limit room, we will no longer come to the property due to a rude and out of line dealer named Gail. Not only is she raciest and highly out of line asking me my occupation was after saying we should move to another table. She even went a step further slandered myself about my weight and making comments about the other two players we were with. We spend a substantial amount of money, but will no longer while she is working in the room. Players be wear....
5	This is a locals casino, lots if action slow beverage service but tip em and they be around often. Lived out here for 10 yrs and Stations is a locals place. Cheap but good food reasonable perks with gaming
5	I had my wedding ceremony at Green Valley Ranch two days after Christmas. I could not have asked for a more perfect wedding! Not only do I live out of state, I also planned everything in 3 months. The entire time I worked with Penny, the catering manager, and she was AWESOME! Since I live out of state, most of my communication with her was through email. The day of the wedding, everything was absolutely perfect! Because I got married outside (not the smartest thing to do in winter), we had space heaters and a hot beverage bar. Penny helped coordinate everything from the space heaters, to the flower delivery, to the beverage set up. Almost every single guest has called/texted in the last week to rave about the ceremony! They were all highly impressed! There's no way I could have pulled off such a great ceremony in 3 months without Penny's expertise and hard work!
