4	What better way to follow up a review of the dumpy Metrocenter than with the classy Arrowhead Country Club. I just went here for lunch the other day with a friend whose husband is the chef here.  So needless to say, this review is of the clubhouse dining - not the golfing.  The food here is pretty good.  It's your average country club fare -- upscale, but a bit conservative.  I was so tempted to walk in the joint with a sweater draped over my back and shoulders and tell them my name is Carlton, but I held it in.I ordered the chicken with a wine mushroom sauce and rice pilaf.  Good, but par for the course (no pun intended).   Service was polite and quick, as it always is when I've been here for business meetings.  I've also been here for a number of rubber chicken banquet dinners - so I know what to expect.  The clubhouse facility itself is decent (not as fabulous as you might think), but the banquet set-up is a bit small, semi-circular, and is downstairs, so you feel like you're in some kind of basement.I keep asking for a certain member named Jordin Sparks, but she never seems to be around....dang it.
4	A lot of improvements in recent years - renovated fitness equipment, new pavement in the parking lot, and more.  Food is decent in the restaurant, when it happens to be open.  This is really a country club that is within reach of the middle class person such as myself - for just a bit north of one hundred thirty per month you can get the best of everything here except for golf.  Nice place.
5	Awesome country club. Great new remodled gym, heated Olympic pool for year round use.  Love the family like atmosphere, plenty of planned family events/pool parties. Only complaint, wish members who didn't pay for the monthy tennis membership could still rent a court on a need by need basis.   Regardless courts are top notch, great facilities and friendly staff.
5	I had my wedding there and everything was perfect, they were very helpful and the food was great!  Thank you Amy!
1	This poor review is strictly regarding my experience with the tennis courts. I played a tennis match here and found out from my opponent that almost ALL the courts have dead spots where the ball dies.I would not recommend playing tennis matches here unless they fix the dead spots.
3	Kids Tennis training is expensive but good. They have 3 coaches and group the kids into one of the group based on skills. Bad Part : The coaching starts at 5 PM and very bad when both parents are working.
5	Amy is a fabulous event planner at this country club. I am not a member of the club, but I enjoyed their beautiful venue for an event I attended and helped organize. The food is decent and the layout is very nice. The event area is very large, open, and allows for use of a projector and basement.
5	With less than 3 months to our wedding, we made a quick decision to change our ceremony location and fortunately Arrowhead was available!    Amy was awesome to work with. She is friendly and doesn't miss any details! The entire experience was easy and stress free. I highly recommend them!
2	We were at Arrowhead CC for a swim meet and as much as I enjoy Arrowhead CC for golf this is not a great place to host swimming championships.
4	As most people know there are a lot of ups and downs to planning a wedding.  The event coordinator at ACC made most of this very easy for me.  I was worried things wouldn't come out the way I wanted but Amy, Carrie, Jose, and the rest of the staff made it all come together perfectly!  The food was AMAZING!  I've gotten so many compliments on Jose, my banquet manager, and the rest of the service staff.  My only complaint would be the price, but since the rule is you get what you pay for I can't really complain!  My day was perfect, I wouldn't have changed one thing, and I can't thank them enough for all their hard work!
5	I had a Glycolic Peel by Brooke.  She is amazing!  My skin looks great and I owe it all to her.  She also does wonderful brow and lip waxing.
5	Great club with exceptional pricing for juniors (younger than 40 for club and younger than 30 for fitness center).All the staff are really nice and accommodating.Fitness club is located adjacent to the main building. Lots of machines and scheduled classes. They also offer child sitting services for $2 hourly per child.
5	My high school class held a reunion here.  The staff was amazing and the food was excellent.  The catering department (headed by Jennifer)  went above and beyond to provide us with an incredible experience at a very reasonable price.  These folks nailed it. If you are planning a wedding, reunion or gathering of around 125 people or fewer, The Arrowhead Country Club is an excellent choice.  Our reunion was an overwhelming success because of these folks.  We will return.
