4	I had a friend come into town and we decided to do a little back to school shopping.  You know some of the basic stuff.  Office Max was really busy because everyone else was doing the same exact thing.  But, it was easy to get around the store and find the things we were looking for.  I have no complaints but, I had no expectations either.
2	Never. Again.I'm a teacher, and right now CCSD is wrapping up its first week of school. One week ago (Thursday, the 21st), I sent in an online order for four custom posters I'd designed for my classroom, using OfficeMax's ImPress service. I promptly received a confirmation email notifying me that they would be done at the *latest* by Tuesday, the 26th, at 10 a.m. That was the second day of school. Naturally, I'd have hoped to have these done by the first, but it was my fault for not putting in the order sooner. So Tuesday rolls around and I'm waiting for the email/phone call telling me my order is ready so that I can duck out during my prep to pick the posters up. No call, no email.On Wednesday morning (yesterday), I called the store and asked about my order. I was put on hold for about five minutes only to be told that my order was never put in. However, the rep I spoke to was very apologetic and assured me that my posters would be ready by the time I got out of work at 3. I had a meeting shortly after work, but I figured I'd have time to pick up/pay for the posters and still make it there. That was a mistake.When I got to the print services counter, I was ignored by the three staff members working behind it until a store manager approached and not-so-subtly hinted to the other workers that one of them should help me. My order was collected and . . . it was wrong. One of the four designs was missing and instead a different design had been printed twice. I was told that a different employee could help look up my order on the computer, but after she helped three different customers before me, I said I'd have to leave and come back. All told, I spent about 25 minutes waiting to be helped and left empty-handed.After my meeting, I drove back to the store and was promptly told that the computer had crashed and my order could not be retrieved. I was promised that my order would be ready to pick up today. Not feeling terribly optimistic, I called after work this afternoon and was cheerily told that my order was ready. When I asked what had been printed, the woman on the phone listed off the same mistaken order from yesterday: four posters, three designs, one had been printed twice.Finally, the sales rep admitted that the fourth file had been lost. I have granted two stars because I was eventually granted all of my posters for free, but will not return to this location for any reason.
4	This is, in my opinion, an above average store. It's always clean and well stocked. The staff is friendly and very helpful.
