1	I wish I can give a 0 star rating!  They have the worst service ever!  They got my order wrong, barely any of them speak English, and the manager was rude!  Workers like these give burger king a bad rep! Tsk tsk tsk!
3	Late night out, needed some post-bar help, ordered 2 Double Stackers in the drive thru......quick and accurate order.  That's all I ask for from a fast food joint.  The Burgers were just OK, it's Burger King for crying out loud.Return Factor - 60%
1	The service here is bad at best. The drive through attendant was unpleasant and I didn't even get a receipt.
2	It's a Burger King.  Standard Formula, standard food.One thing that bugs me about this location is that they ALWAYS ask me to pull forward (not to the parking lot) but just forward to get my food.  I think it's because they don't want their drive through times to go through the roof.That being said, the food production here is slower than others I've visited and the employees at times are hit and miss.  Teenagers that give no smile, don't even say a word to you (just put your hand out for payment) and in general don't give you the satisfaction of good service while spending your money.The food is fine, the employees here need to work on their happy faces.
3	Well, my order was wrong...but what I received was pretty darn tasty, so I can't complain too much. Fries were hot, and so was my sandwich.  That's about all I can ask for in a BK.
1	So disappointed! I just recently had my first Whopper and let me tell you I loved it. I went to this location ordered 2 Whoppers, 1 Fish, 1 Chicken, 1 large Fry and 1 large Onion Ring. You would have thought I ordered the entire store. I made my order at 10 am and did not leave till 10:30!! What a joke...The asst. manager Lazaro was so checked out. He was not leading his team, the store was filthy, food everywhere. Not one person in the store seemed to care about anything. They screwed up my order 3 times and had to re make it. Lazaro was looking at me like I was the bad guy. Get it together people, it is just Burger King. Everything gets cooked the same way every time. So after this long awaited wait, I finally got home. Could not even finish this food, it was the absolute worst thing I have ever tasted. I think they were using old meat. I had to toss in the trash because of my fear of food poisoning.Thanks a lot Lazaro for your great leadership skills. (NOT!!) Most people would be thrilled to have a job in this economy and do it with pride. I will never return to this location. You have most likely ruined my Whopper experience.
2	I've never seen a fast food place throw a burger together like this one.  And I'm not paying a compliment.Been through several times but this last time was the worst.  Was trying the fry burger and it looked nothing like the commercial.  In fact, the meat was tiny, they globbed some condiments and threw like 4 fries in the burger and called it a night.   I could have ordered a whopper meal and made the damn thing myself better.Understandably, it is a fast food place but perhaps it's just me.  I expect more from these joints due to their location and I've had better service at their sister places in ghettos.  Which makes you wonder how they stay afloat at all sometimes.
1	I normally don't have such high expectations when i go to burger king but this is too much. Worst drive thru ever! Employees were loud and smoking cigarettes right in front of the drive thru and their speaker wasn't working, all i could hear while the server was taking my order once they fixed the speaker all i heard was the staff talking and playing around, this place is a joke and the food was bad too.
1	Okay i was super hungry when i walked in, so i expected like the usual, 5, 6min wait on my order, but the princesses in the front were to busy making their orders from del taco and writing them to one of the coworkers who was going to get it for them, they LITERALLY forgot to serve the food to 3 of the order which one of them was mine, then after 15 min ridiculous wait i asked if my order was ready they were like: what did u get? " seriously???? They looked into my ticket and were like ohh okay, then i asked for a sauce,  she throws it in the platter!!! The worst costumer service ever, they messed orders and ppl started to get angry, these girls should not do costumer service.
