3	It's a Chili's-what's more to say? I'm an anti chain restaurant kind of girl so when my friends suggested going to Chili's last week, I winced a bit.But the Chili's experience was a good one-even for a Friday night when parking was scarce. They have a 2 for $20 menu where you and another person can split an appetizer and  each get an entree--not too shabby. We got the guacamole to start with and after experiencing it at authentic Mexican places, it was a bit weak. I got the Margarita Grilled Chicken and the portion was huge! I had a few bites then had to take the rest home since I was so full from chips, guac and salsa. Ok and a $3.49 margarita which to my surprise was quite strong. One of my favorite things about Chili's is that if you get the chips and salsa appetizer they will gladly put some chips in a to go bag for you so you don't even have to stop at Target for chips.
5	This is the best Chilis around. I am addicted to their chips & salsa!  Should you eat in they will refill it as much as you want- their chips are so thin & crisp unlike any I have ever had. & like mentioned before bag you up some to take with you. I always get the Cajun chicken pasta- love it!! I get extra everything in it- I like a lot of sauce on mine & seems they never put enough. The portion is large! The 2 for $20 is a great deal for dinner! The lunch specials are great prices also. I do not however like the ribs- the one time I had them they had a false smoke flavor, were dry & the sauce wasn't my taste. We normally get takeout that way we can sit home in our jammies in front of the tv watching a movie or 2 ordered from online like Netflix etc. (if ordering a steak for pickup have it under cooked so it will be to your liking once home & re-heated)Also I love the ease of placing my online order to go with my smart phone app, which if you like them on FB or sign up for emails you can get some awesome coupons!!
4	Very clean, nice location at the Blakeney shopping center. We went on Sunday for lunch and ate outside they have shaded outdoor seating for 20-30 people. All four meals were good. (will try to post photos).Kids burger, chicken chef salad, chicken tenders, margarita grilled chicken; all good. Waitstaff was good. Coulda had them check on me less often (including the friendly manager) so we could eat in peace, but better that than to be deserted by the wait staff. Checked out the restroom; clean.Overall this is a really nice Chili's.
3	Here's my letter to Chili's via their website:I stopped by Chili's tonight for a dinner with my friends. We were taken care of by Thomas H. (I believe the first name was Thomas). This has been my best Chili's experience far and away. His brother taught me high school math, so I knew who he was. He noticed my MSU Spartans shirt, and we chatted about Michigan and his brother. After placing our order, he brought us chips "just because". It's small things like that that make me want to come back to restaurants. The food was pretty good, but the check really surprised me. He made my friend's salad a side salad on my course and even took off our drinks. He also made sure to stop by several times and refill drinks and ask how our food was. Wow, what an awesome guy. Needless to say, he got a pretty big tip from me.This experience alone has made me want to frequent Chili's. It's people like Thomas that help a business thrive. Far and away the best service I've ever had.____________________________________________Totally above and beyond. 5 stars from me.Update: After writing to Chili's, they sent a letter in the mail along with $10 in free food. Class act.Update: Food and service have taken a dive. -2 stars.
3	First time back to Chili's for lunch in many moons.  Wow have things changed...for the better all around.Great lunch menu that would satisfy anyone.  We were really impressed and the children's menu was very extensive with a wide variety of mains and sides.  Clean, great bar, super service and management kept checking on our table.They have come a long way and it is paying off. Don't delay your return...it will be worth it.
5	I was so happy with my service! Our waitress did such a great job! Our food was even better! GREAT PLACE specially for families.
3	Definitely get the watermelon margarita.
5	I don't usually give the full 5 stars but this place has earned it over a long period of time. It is consistently good and it is a good value. For some reason they are one of the few establishments that can get beer at the right temperature . They know how to do it the right way. It is always perfect.Look, I have to admit that corporate restaurants have a place in my restaurant rotation. I'm not saying they should be your favorite spot or I'm not saying that you should go here every Friday night - but I am saying that this location is consistently great - they have earned a place in your rotation.We enjoy it every time we go. What else is there to say? Great staff and great management.
1	We have eaten at this Chili's location at least a couple of times a week since it opened.  When we go to Chili's, my wife likes to get a couple of mixed drinks.  In fact, the only time she drinks alcoholic beverages is when we go to this Chili's (and when we go on cruises).Apparently, in the last few weeks, either the bartender (Doug) or management has decided that they were not making a sufficient profit from our visits.  The drinks have become watered down, and we are choosing to buy shots on the side to make the drinks of decent quality.We will probably choose to eat at this Chili's less frequently, if not altogether.
5	As my place of work is nearby, I often eat here after I get off. The wait staff is very nice and personable and I've only had one so-so experience. The food is cooked well, and the prices are good. I will continue to come here!
