5	So pleased with this office. The staff, Dr. Tran, everything. I had actually met Dr. Tran at my job and she was a sweetheart. She offered me her card and we immediately made appointments for cleanings. Her office looks like a model home for what dentist's offices should look like. They are attentive and considerate and very prompt. The wait was minimal and they treat us very well during the wait. We love passing her on to friends and family as we are so pleased with her work.
5	Dr. Terrie Tran is the type of dentist you dream about.  She is accomplished and very talented. She has an impeccable education.I've had quite a few varied procedures at Dr. Tran's and have been completed satisfied with each.I pay Dr. Tran the highest possible compliment:; I've recommended her to every one of my friends and associates.
5	I absolutely love Dr. Tran and both me and my husband have been going to her for over 6 years. I hate dentist but she is one of the best ones I have ever had. Her work is done so well and the people in her office are so nice and never a long wait, they are really organized. If you choose her as your dentist you will not be disappointed
2	Sorry to pop everyone's 5-star bubble here, but I was very underwhelmed by my experience.  I chose this dentist because she is on my insurance and near home and the yelp reviews were good.  However, I was very disappointed because:* Hygienist has clearly been trained to sell dental work.  Before the dentist even saw me, the hygienist was suggesting about $2K worth of special gum line work that I can't even recall what it was now.  She said it would not be covered by insurance.  Huh?  Wouldn't that mean it's not necessary for my dental health?* I saw a person whom I assume was Dr. Tran.  She came in with a mask on while the lights were out in the room, didn't even introduce herself to me or even say 'hi' that I can recall.  Her time with me seemed like a total of maybe 3 minutes.  (This was my first visit.)  She also recommended the non-covered gum line treatment, then said her other assistant would come in and get me and would explain everything.  She didn't seem particularly friendly to her staff, either.* I was taken to a small room like the kind you see in car dealerships or gyms - where they want to make a sale.  All of Dr. Tran's extra credentials - for Invisalign and other money-making cosmetic procedures - are posted on the walls. The assistant came in after I had had a little time to dream about how beautiful my teeth would be after Dr. Tran was done collecting money from me.  She gave me a little photo folder with before and after photos showing how nice my teeth would look whitened.  I don't think we're talking bleaching.  I think we're talking veneers that would cost thousands... needless to say, I didn't "bite" on that bait.  The assistant also tried to get me to agree to the other treatment that would not be covered by insurance.Dr. Tran could well be a competent dentist, but because it seemed like she cared more about my cosmetic appearance than my oral health I don't think I would ever be satisfied here.  I am searching for a new dentist.
2	I've been to this office several times in the last year and  strongly agree with Joan C.'s review.  The hygienist  pushes extra dental work and cleanings.  I got the deep-cleaning 2 months ago and my gums feel worse than before.  I "saw" the dentist once--she peeked in, looked at my x-rays and told me I needed fillings.  She barely smiled or made eye contact.  I've been at the front desk when she's walked by and she didn't even acknowledge me.  I am now looking for a new dentist.
5	I came in with what I thought was a crumbling molar crown (another local dentist, who did horrible work on my teeth about a year prior, wanted to crown it) and prepared to pay big bucks for a new crown.  Dr. Tran's assistant, Danielle, did a quick X-ray and informed me "oh, you have a cracked filling.  We can fix that right up."  No crown?!  Nope.  Dr. Tran also found another filling which had popped out, and filled that one too.  I don't like local anesthetic if I can do without it.  Some dentists (i.e., ones with really rough techniques) refuse to drill without a local.  Dr. Tran had no fear whatsoever - she was confident in her technique.  Just call her "Cool Hand Terrie."  Except for about 10 seconds of discomfort when a clamp was being put in, I didn't feel a thing.  In fact, I was surprised to realize she was done, except for some polishing and final fitting.  The tooth ached for the afternoon and by morning, I didn't feel a thing.  (Again, in contrast, that other dentist's crown hurt for weeks.)Next up was Karen to do a cleaning.  Mind you, I hadn't had a good cleaning for several years (again, the previous dentist jerked me around for an initial evaluation, a eval from the hygienist to tell me she wanted to deep clean BUT NOT THAT DAY!, then a visit for the crown ... Chinese water torture.)  Dr. Tran's office did almost everything in one shot.  Karen did a full cleaning, again finishing before I knew she was done - afterward I asked, "did you get the top ones?"  (They didn't feel worked over enough!) She smiled and said "sure, but I can do them again if you like!"  Uhhh, that's ok.  She did have me back next day for a deep cleaning of the gum pockets on TWO teeth - very minimal.  She used a laser to kill bacteria, a smeared-on anesthetic that was more like a sore-throat spray - just enough to take the sting off it - and was done in a few minutes.  I was sent home with very detailed instructions for how to care for the sensitive areas for the next 10 days, as well as a couple of instruments to help me care for the spaces in my lower gums and my upper wisdom teeth.  Although every dentist recommends they go, Dr. Tran and her staff are willing to work with me to help care for them until I part company with them.All of that, by the way - including a full set of X-rays, which weren't covered by insurance because that other dentist did them within the last 3 years - was $300.  Exam, cleaning, deep cleaning only where needed, full set of X-rays, and two fillings (where another dentist wanted to do a crown on one.)  Before each procedure, Corine or Sandra (the office manager and her deputy) came in, explained exactly how much it would cost and what was covered, and got my approval.  I'm explaining my experience in detail, and in contrast to another dentist in the area, to show how minimalist Dr. Tran's office is in terms of procedures you need vs. don't need.  She had the chance (based on my faulty recollection) to tell me, "Sure, we'll replace that crown you don't even have!  Just let me borrow your MasterCard for ONE SEC!"  Instead, I got only what I needed, and a lot of value for my money.  Yes, I got the little picture booklet for whitening and veneers, products I have no interest in, but it wasn't a hard sell.  Staff gave me the info, and backed off.  Based on a couple other comments, it sounds like mistakes might have been made with a couple of patients.  I can say that if those incidents happened, I believe Dr. Tran and her staff have made systemic changes for the better to ensure they don't happen again.  I felt I was genuinely cared for by everyone in the office.  Karen and Sandra, especially, patiently answered lots and lots of questions and provided lots of information.  Patient comfort is a big deal here.  Dentist's chairs are very comfortable - they mold to your body, like a bed, in fact they're Tempur-Pedic - and staff lend you sunglasses so you're not staring up into bright surgical lamps.  They use lasers to kill bacteria before they begin to scrape and clean, and the least amount of anesthetic needed.  Karen also coached/mentored Danielle, when she was having a rough time moving around in my mouth to get X-rays, sharing her experience.  (Dr. Tran has invested in digital X-rays, which are instantaneous - no film to develop, you see your own teeth immediately on the HD screen.  Long term, this also saves the patient money.)  The staff really works together as a team.I highly recommend this dentist and her office.  They are very experienced, professional and caring.  And my teeth and gums feel better than they have in YEARS.
