4	Imagine our luck - when we cruised by this joint - the joint that we have been waiting for and it was OPEN!  Not only was it open but there was a line circling the drive-thru and the inside was jammed.  What a GREAT sign.  So we ventured into the drive-thru.  Looked over the menu.  Decided to share a #1 and both got concretes.  I've never had a concrete and the hubby had experience.  He went for the turtle and I got the dirt and worms.  Just good.  Good as we were hoping.  The fries are soooo good.  I really think the pepper adds a little help to it all.  I wish we would have got the large size.  The burger was good.  Really good.  Nice and juicy.  Plenty of cheese.  I'll order it without the mustard next time but all in all it was a good burger.  My only meh about the whole thing is Pepsi products.  Me no likey.  I would prefer a wonderful DIET COKE but I think I can live with it.  :)  The custards are great.  Hubby was a big fan of all of the nuts and caramel in his concrete.  My oreos and gummies were so good.  Loved it.  We will be back.  I just looked @ their website and they have something called a berry concrete with oatmeal topping.  I will be getting that soon. Welcome to Goodyear Freddy!
3	Decided to give this a try since I was not a fan of In and Out - figured it couldn't be any worse.   We were happy to see chili on the menu - yum!  Not too many places offer it and we both love a good chili on any kind of bad for ya meat. We ordered a chili cheese dog and a chili cheese burger, one with fries and one with rings.  Hubby loved his fries and I loved my rings.  I absolutely hated that hot dog.  First of all, the bread thing that the dog is wrapped in (you cannot call it a bun) is sprayed down with fake butter sauce then grilled.  Oh gross!!  The dog itself was not very yummy but the chili was great.  I handed it over to DH.  I could not gag the thing down.The burgers are fantastic - if you like greasy, fatty, messy burgers.  Neither of us do.  There's just way too high of a fat content in those burgers for our taste.  Again, the chili was awesome.  The burger bun was not toasted and was no match for the chili and all that grease coming off the burger.  It fell apart quickly.   Burger was eaten completely but we won't be going back for another.Now, one thing they have on the menu that is 5 star quality is the iced tea.  Luzianne, unsweetened.  Perfectly brewed, fresh, delicious.  I'd go back just for the tea.  We were too full of grease and chili to have room for custard.  Next time, we'll try the dessert instead.
2	The burgers and fries here are not too shabby. On my last visit here I ordered 3 meals, all the same, double cheesseburger w/fries & drink. There were tons of employees working when i was there, like too many. There were 4 people at the counter ( it was not busy,about 2pm on a Monday ) and there were sooooo many people in the kitchen area that I could not count ( maybe like 10 ) and then there were tons in the dining area ( some were eating and others were cleaning ). Anyway, when we got our food all of the burgers were made very sloppy, and one of the burgers was missing the other burger patty. When I went to the front it took forever to be acknowledged by someone, they were all running around like they were lost. I made eye contact with the manager several times while waiting and she said nada. Finally got it taken care of...when the girl brought the new burger it was not a new one, they just added the patty to the burger with 2 bites taken out of it and the girl said "if anything else is wrong let us know" in a not very friendly tone.Note: This place did open not too long ago and this may be the reason for so many employees being there, like maybe there was some training going on. However, after observing the manager while eating I noticed that she did not have a grip on handling the chaos and it made for an unpleasant dining experience. I may try going back in a few months to see if things have improved.
3	This is an a-ok place. When I went I got a chocolate milkshake. It was good but not sure about $4 good when you can definitely get more at another place with extra in a tin. I also got their Chicago style hot dog combo. Their fries are seasoned well but too thin for my taste or for my stomach for that matter. The hot dog was alright, but it came on texas toast instead of a bun. I'm not sure if that's because they ran out of buns or their bread of choice.I will go to Freddy's again, if I'm out of other options at the time.
3	The burgers were ok.  But the place is so crowded it is too much.  I liked the fries!  I rather go to Smashburger!!!
5	awesome place with awesome food. i like the variety. single double or triple cheeseburgers. the triple was a little too much meat for my taste. the fries are always perfect and the food is always got and fresh. no complaints at all. the chicago hot dog is great and the desserts are just as killer!!!
4	Place has always been top notch when I have been there.....really good custard. I do agree with the tiny fries being hard to eat, everything else is pretty good though if you are looking for a greasy burger.
3	This place should have Frozen Custard larger than steak burgers on the sign, because that's what keeps me coming back for more.  I would actually say the burgers are average and aren't all that memorable (I'd rather have IN-N-Out, and even Wendy's or Jack-in-the-Box over their burgers).  The fries and chili fries are good .  The concrete's are really where it's at though and I get a craving for them once or twice a week.  I've only been through the drive-thru, but the staff seems pretty friendly (but most places around the area seem that way as well).
3	So, we went here to taste this amazing CUSTARD that we heard so much about. Well, although it was good...  delish in fact.. it pretty much just tasted like good ice cream. The way people raved about it, I was expecting something very different..  something unique or addictive... perhaps I was expecting too much. I am still saying A-OK, because the Turtle Sundae was great - I have nothing negative to say except that I don't know why it's custard and not ice cream. Do they really taste the same? So then what is the difference?The toppings are good. The portions were good. The service was good. I am sorry I can't rave... but I would actually rather have a gelato or even frozen yogurt at a pink berry or something...  concrete? custard? am i missing something or did i somehow just get the ice cream?
3	Many, many, many years ago after several glasses of wine over dinner at a friend's house, she and I and my then fiance came up with what we thought was a swell business plan.Bear with me.  This does tie in to Freddy's.  Everything is connected.She was a darling, fashion forward type and she, like me at the time, was in her mid 20's.  She was also zaftig, as I too had once been, and frustrated by how difficult it was to find good looking clothes to fit a young woman of her size. I too remembered that frustration.As the wine glasses got emptied, we cooked up this business plan to start a clothing shop for fashionable clothing for larger young women.  And to be sure they kept coming back, suggested my then fiance, we would offer a case of Twinkies with every purchase. In spite of this, I married him.  In spite of this, my friend was my matron of honor.The funny evening came back to mind as I noted the Freddy's Frozen Custard store was at the entry to the strip mall that had larger size women's clothier Lane Bryant as anchor tenant.  I wonder if the Lane Bryant offers free Freddy's Frozen Custard coupons with every purchase?We'd never had frozen custard before but had seen Freddy's stores in Texas and Arizona during this vacation so we decided to stop in for a couple of scoops.  We liked it!  We chose chocolate and vanilla and both were good.  I'm not a fan of soft serve ice cream or froyo either one...and this was so much better than either of those.  Firmer, less sweet.  Not as good as great gelato or premium ice cream either one.  But a worthy contender for frozen dairy dessert!So, four stars for the frozen custard.  If you haven't tried it, we think it is definitely worth the calorie investment to do that.  If we were in a location with a convenient to access Freddy's and calories to spare or on vacation as we are now when calories don't count, we'd buy frozen custard again.But given the layout, "...steakburger joint..." focus of the store and the service we received there for our take out order, we can only come up with three stars overall.
5	I've gone to Freddy's here in Arizona and in Texas and note that the food is the same in both states. The frozen custard is great for my wife who is lactose intolerant. The thin steak burgers are fantastic and rival Steak'N'Shake and Culvers fast food joints. This Goodyear location has always been consistent and tastes great. Love the fries and seasoning salt. Note: this is one of the few places to offer Code Red Mountain Dew at all of its locations.
5	We were addicted to Freddy's when we tried them in Texas.  Then one day they opened in Glendale, AZ and we would drive all the way from Gilbert to eat there.  Then they opened one in Gilbert and we moved.  So on a recent trip to PHX I researched and found this location.  All of that to say - we love this franchise.  This location is of the same caliber.
2	The "thinest" burger that I have ever seen in my entire life! Burger patties so thin that that I suspect them of being anorexic. Honestly, a single piece of lettuce is thicker.Why don't I just order a double or triple burger?  Because I shouldn't have to! Make it right the first time. Good fries though.
4	I love their fries!!!! And their custard is awesome!! Super yummy!
5	Amazing Food! Awesome Staff and Customer Service! I'm always coming back!
4	Been to both the Freddy's Frozen Custard & Steakburgers in Goodyear and on Bell Road.  WE ARE HUGE FANS!  We are always greeted quickly and in a friendly way.  The staff is very helpful and attentive!  The food is amazing, great value for the money.  As one reviewer pointed out the burgers are thin...but we order a double and let me tell you "it'll make your tongue slap your eyeballs out!"  The burgers are VERY filling, so don't let that fool you.  The fries are shoestring style and super crispy, their Freddy's dipping sauce and the seasoning is outstanding...we even bought some there and use at home to season our own BBQ and fries/hashbrowns.  The Frozen custard is delicious and creamy.  Great portions and worth the money....our family of 6 (myself, husband, 3 teenagers and a 9 year old) ate for $38 which is just about what we pay when we (used to) go to McDonalds or Sonic (we don't "do" them anymore...burnout!)  Why go there when we can hit FREDDY's!We go out of our way to visit them.  Never been disappointed (knock on wood) ;)Only bummer...kinda far for us.....which now that I mention it could be a good thing, don't wanna turn into a SuperSize version of ME   (yep, it's THAT GOOD) ;)
5	Probably my most favorite fast food place! Their fries are delicious. I love the fact that they're shoestring which not many places have. It makes it more appealing to me for some reason :p Also, the seasoning on those fries... AMAZING. Their burgers and patty melts are tasty as is their custards. I would recommend coming here if your in the mood for some good fast food, versus going to McDonalds or Burger King. You won't regret it!
1	Ordered a choco malt shake..... tasted like someone put a pound of salt in it. No malt what so ever. Do not recommend.
5	This place is excellent, their burgers are a little thin, but generally you get a double so it's enough.  When I'm trying to stay more on the healthy side you can get your burger without the bun and wrapped in lettuce.  Since the burgers are a little thinner this works out because you can roll them up into the lettuce and it makes them much easier to hold.When I'm not as concerned about being as healthy their fries are great.  They're never greasy and have lots of flavor.  The prices are a littler higher than your standard fast food, but that's because the quality is so much better.  I love going here.When my wife is with me we get some custard, and if you haven't tried it get a Sunday with marshmallow sause and peanut butter sauce.  SO GOOD!
3	LOVE their chocolate shake and they have great burgers, fries, and hot dogs too.  The downfall is the cost.  This place is expensive!!  Dine in and try the fry sauce-yum!
5	Love this place! I'm from California and never heard of this restaurant so I tried it. The burgers and fries are awesome. As much as I love "In N Out Burger" in Califoenia, I think I love this place more. This restaurant reminds me of "Steak n Shake"  burger in Georgia. I will look forward to coming back to this restaurant when I visit Phoenix again.
3	Not really custard.  Good ice cream.  Not Rita's or Frostbites!
3	Not Bad! I tried this place on my way back to CA. It reminds me of a Steak N Shake, the food is A-OK. I wouldn't say it is the best I have had but I will revisit again when I am passing through. The shakes are pretty good. The service could use some touching up because they are boarder line "poor" and I went during a busy time so that is when the true colors come out. They might be better in slower times but I think they could use a little more skills especially when I tell them it is my first visit. The burgers are small but tasty and filling, I didn't quite get a "wow" moment with the fries as I have seen in other post. I tried this place because of my fellow yelpers and I will say I am not disappointed overall. I will try again and update my review for the better or worse.
5	I like this location b/c I'm from San Diego. When I'm coming into/leaving from town, this is a convenient location to stop at. Check out my other profile review for the full Freddy's report. DELICIOUS!
3	They make a decent burger (think a smaller Smashburger) as well as various comfort foods such as hot dogs and shoestring fries.  The kids loved it.  It can get a little expensive once you buy deserts.  And of course, that's their selling point.  The price of your food will easily double.  They do have quite a variety of frozen custard.  I liked that they had pecans, not just peanuts.  All in all a decent experience.  We'll be back, but not too often.
2	One of the best shakes I have ever had. The burgers were thin overdone and dry this was a far cry from the one I was at in victorville. Not worth returning to this location
4	After driving by many times we decided to stop in for lunch. The place was pretty busy for a late lunch but the service to take our order was quick. The menu was fairly large including burgers, hot dogs, fries and shakes. I went for the classic double cheeseburger basket. My husband got the California double cheese. The main difference between the two? The California had lettuce an tomato. Both were delicious. We also really enjoyed the shoestring French fries. They were fresh and crispy and paired with their fry sauce delicious. I am generally and In N Out fan but these burgers were a different style and very flavorful. Another big plus was the comfortable dining area that was like being in an old malt shoppe.
1	Went through the drive through today for two custard cones about 1:30pm. The gal taking orders at the drive through and taking payment was wearing rubber gloves. I questioned why she would be handling money with gloves as normally they wear gloves when they handle the food. When I paid she took my money and gave me change while wearing the rubber gloves. She handed me a stack of napkins and my receipt and said my cones would be there in a second. She then went over and scooped my two ice cream cones wearing the same gloves she was wearing to work the register. Normally employees will wrap a napkin around the cone but not her, she had both cones in her dirty gloved hand so far up the cone that I couldn't grab the thing without touching the ice cream.The custard was dripping all over when she handed it to me and was all over her gloved hands but she handed it to me and I had to choice but to start licking the cone to get all the dripping ice cream cleaned up off my now soggy cone. My wife looked at me while I was licking up the mess and said "how do her gloves taste?".Why would you wear gloves to handle money and leave the same gloves on while touching food items?
4	Freddy's is like no other fast food place in the West Valley. The first time I went I was hooked, I got the singe patty with bacon and pickles, and it was fantastic. You get plenty of fries so my husband and I just share them. If you have room for dessert and it's available have the strawberry shortcake ice-cream. Every time my husband and I watch a movie at the Palm Valley we stop by before our showing.
5	I have been a big fan of another burger place for the vast majority of my life. Freddy's has finally dethroned them. OUTSTANDING!!!
5	this is my favorite burger place to go I swear the fries are addicting. I cannot stop eating the fries and the burger is just as delicious. I love their desserts as well. the prices are not as bad as well.
5	Go to Freddy's! Great burgers and fries AND custards! Rachel was a very friendly and competent server! Freddy's finds me of Culvers back in MN.
5	Great food and service.  Restaurant was clean and inviting.  All the employees were super friendly and polite.  Loved the fry dipping sauce.
5	We LOVE Freddy's! If you are looking for that 50's feel and that top of the line Steakburger and fries, you need look no further. Freddy's is a place my wife and I like to go to because the food taste so good and nothing tops off a trip to Freddy's like a nice Custard desert, I prefer chocolate myself! We won a raffle for a $20 gift certificate to go to Freddy's and we went there for the first time, and ever since, that is the place we like to take people that visit us from out of town. It's also the place we like to go to after the movies or if we are out shopping around in Goodyear or any other excuse we can use to go there.  Get my point? Great food, good service and low prices make Freddy's a hit with us!!!
4	Good burgers. Great concretes.No sure why we didn't try this place sooner.  Since going the first time a couple months back, we've been there every week or two.Burgers are good.  Fries a super yum.  Dogs are okay.  But the concretes are amazing.  It's one of our new faves for frozen treats.Nice service staff, as well.  They get food out quickly and it actually looks similar to the advertisement pictures.  The manager even made rounds to check on folks.  Haven't seen that nice touch in a while.
5	Food was delicious, the fry sauce was awesome!! Really good custard. Excellent customer service!
3	Decided to stop by here on the way home from work for a sundae.  I decided to get a Turtle Sundae and see how it was..specifically compared to Culvers.  The sundae was good but it pales in comparison to Culvers.  Freddys has a bit more hot fudge, but way less nuts plus the sundae was already mostly melted by the time it got to me through the drive through.  It was still good though....don't get me wrong, it's just not in the same category as Culvers Turtle Sundae (It's pretty much perfection).  I would like to come back and try out their burgers and fries though.  There is one closer by work so I may hit that up.
4	Came here for a chili dog after discovering Johnny Rockets doesn't have hot dogs on their menu (even though the website says they do). There were a lot of people eating at Freddy's. I got the chili cheese dog combo with no onions. It was pretty good on the Texas toast. I also had a bite of my boyfriend's BBQ Bacon Steakburger on Pretzel Bun and it was tasty. I like their shoestring fries. When you eat one or two at a time, it takes a while to get through them. Decided to get a mini chocolate shake as a treat after a rough day. It was very thick, smooth, and chocolatey. The perfect little size! One thing that I don't like about Freddy's is how the drink station is directly behind the order line so it feels kind of crowded.
4	Tried Freddy's in Goodyear today for lunch. First time for me, wasn't sure what to expect.I'd call it a combination of Steak n Shake, Culver's and In n Out. I had the double, glad I did because they have the slimmest burger patties I've ever had. Ever. But it was delicious. The butter bun is good and they added grilled onions (no charge) upon request. The shoestring fries were very good, but so thin I found myself eating them by the handful. Very friendly and efficient staff, clean dining area with a heavy 50's theme. I will go back, and will have to try the custard everyone here is raving about. Maybe even, tomorrow!
4	Amazingly delicious burger with even tastier fries. I also had a PBC&B concrete and it was so flavourfull and rich.
5	Amazing place  everyone was super nice and polite  the store was clean from top to bottom  me and my family will continue to visit  and recommend to everyone :)
5	This is or second visit what more can you ask for good burgers shoestring frys and three full meals for less than 20 dollars
