4	****Take this review in stride****After reading the previous review and  in addition to two acquaintances not liking this place, I am totally surprised that  both my lovable puppy Lexie and I like it so much.  Usually it's the other way around.  But after two unbelievably horrific experiences at Pet Smart that left my dog traumatized for two days after each visit (I took her back a second time only because I thought her first experience was just that, her first experience), we desperately needed to make a change and decide to try Bow Wows... it was close by and seriously, what did we have to lose...?, nothing could be worse than our time with Pet Smart.  Granted, this place leaves a lot to be desired when you walk in (smells bad, very bare bones, no frills), but the groomer did such an awesome job and my dog was not shaking in her skin when I picked her up, I could care less what the place looked like.  No more traumatized Lexie, no more whimpering for two days, no more needing to hold her constantly.  On top of it, the cut was fantastic, she smelled good and was so clean...who could ask for more?  This groomer was able to take my dog, who had not the best grooming experiences and in one visit completely change her outlook.  I think this is totally deserving of at least 4 stars and a try by others who might be experiencing 'puppy-hell-grooming'.  Good luck!
2	I've tried this place 3 times and I give up.  Major issues:  1.  Noise.  This is the loudest grooming facility I've ever seen.  I don't know how the employees put up with it.  Perhaps it is the narrow structure of the rented space itself.2.  Communication issues - my pet will be ready when?  I show up at the specified time, and not ready.  I'm told I will be called.  I wait, and wait, and wait.... and finally call back to find out that my pet has been ready for quite some time and they're wondering why I didn't pick him up sooner since I was so impatient.3.  Some staff don't have a full deck.  I should be cautious here, because maybe she has a disability, but the person who seems to always take my pet and money isn't "with it".  Someone spaced out isn't exactly the sort of person you want handling your pet.
4	Odd place. But, they nicely do the job and that's what is important.The staff is nice. Place definitely looks like a hole in the wall. Despite the hair all over the place it's pretty clean. They follow your instructions with what you'd like done to your dog. Prices are cheap, and that is why we switched from petsmart. For $30 less we are getting the same grooming service for our dog.You drop off in the morning around 8-9 & usually the dog is done by 1. They don't necessarily call when the dog is ready, but that's ok for me. I'm so busy I usually stop by at 1:30 or 2 and our dog is always ready, and looking and smelling nice.
5	I have gone here for years now and my 4 bichons look terrific everytime I pick them up. Ask for Lynette. She is the best goomer I have ever had with the bichons and 1 of them is 11 years old. I recently have moved to Texas and so far I have had terrible luck finding a groomer. I wish Lynette was closer. My dogs love her and she's the best. If you ust deal with Lynette you will be more than satisfied. The owner and the rest of the staff, I can't vouch for. The dogs can wait to get to Lynette. They love her and I go every week.
1	Horrible horrible place!! Horrible communication by the owner and groomers. We brought in our two dogs for a haircut yesterday. We were told that the price would be $39.95 each. Okay seems pretty reasonable right? Wrong! You know why? Because they lie! The owner called us to let us know that they were in the process of cleaning my dogs teeth and that they could be ready by 2:30pm. We were okay with that time.. So we go in to pick up the dogs and was told by the owner in a very rude tone that our total was $127.00. I questioned the owner on the price because they said 39.95 for both dogs.. So no more than $80 right? WRONG AGAIN! Why? Because the teeth cleaning is not included in the package. When we questioned the price, the owner rolled her eyes, yelled at us and explained to us that the teeth are $50 more. Great.. But why did she not call us and ask for our approval before doing it? Horrible communication. And when we asked why she did not call to ask for approval, she went and continued to lie stating she called a 205 number and did ask for approval. First of all my number starts with 405 second of all the call I received was telling me that they were in the process of doing his teeth.. Not can we do the teeth? Then when the groomer was showing us our dogs teeth, our dog started growling because they were sore and this groomer was pushing all over the dog's gums. The dog never bit her. But the groomer SLAPPED the dogs nose hard and said "you be nice!" She laid a hand on our dog right in front of us! We then decided to call right after we left and complain about how upset we were. The owner would not allow us to talk and just continuously yelled over the phone. My sister was speaking to her and I was driving. I was able to hear the owner yell from the drivers seat. She also told my sister, " I know how to run a business and I know what I said!" In conclusion, they did a good job on both of my dog's in regards to their haircuts, but they have HORRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE and HORRIBLE COMMUNICATION! So if you are looking for a place where the staff yells at you, rolls their eyes at you, lies to you and slaps your dogs.. Then this place is for you. If not, then we are warning you.. DO NOT BRING YOUR DOGS TO THIS TORTURE CHAMBER!!!
1	HORRIBLE ! HORRIBLE ! PLACE ! Very rude workers ! Especially the owner! I picked my dog up and the owner got mad at my dog for barking ! She started yelling at my dog in front of me then she pushed him and said "bad dog !" In front of me ! I will never go back here again. Who gets that mad at a dog?  Espically in front of there owners. Very disappointed. I was going to send two of my friends over. NOT ANYMORE! please ladies and gentlemen don't send you're loving animals to this torture !:*(
1	From behind the scene! I am not a scorned "fired" employee. I worked there for a week! I left on my own! My name is Elizabeth! I'm a animal lover and not afraid of telling my story of working here. i was absolutely disgusted!! I've been a groomer since 2006! I applied with Terry (the owner) and got the job before I even did my "test groom". Terry called me in to do a test groom on Sunday July 28th as soon as I walked in her salon "Bow Wow" the odor was pretty bad! The ammonia smell and musty smell was pretty bad. Let me tell you why. Besides the fact she has carpet at the front door ..that fur pups will mark she uses them in the kennels as well. How often do they get cleaned you ask?? I was there a week and didn't see any cleaning of them. We the groomers wash the dogs with a pesticide pump up sprayer she mixes her "secret ingredient" shampoo of woolite (yes laundry detergent) and dawn (dish washing soap). I went to "Ryan's pet supply" and got more "pet friendly" shampoo and conditioner to use the week I was there. I refuse to us the towels. When we are done using our towels we hang them on the clothesline in the back room to "reuse" on the next dog.  No we don't wash them, I'm pretty sure we have all done it..forgot a load of laundry in the wash forgot to put in in the dryer and the stench of the clothes...that's the smell of the reused towels!! Also if you tipped your groomer when Terry (the owner) was there.. Well good 90% chance your groomer didn't get it!!! I heard it from every groomer she has pocketed tips. Seen it with my own eyes on my last day. Heard if you say anything to her she will just deny it. So why bother since I was leaving anyways! I am writing this review as a animal lover. Previous employee of this company I would not trust with my personal dogs. Oh I didn't mention holding the dogs by the ears (request client dog) and pulling her personal dogs out of the kennel by their ears because she doesn't "spoil her dogs"  she's a breeder 30+ standard poodle plus mixed breeds seen "oops" pregnancy yea it's all about the money dog business for her. She is also the owner of "shear ecstasy" !
1	Was passing by this shop and heard a dog streaming, literally screaming. This continued for 3 minutes and a woman said in a harsh forceful tone "Stop it! " The dog continued to scream. The dog stopped screaming for 5 min and then started again for another 2 minutes. I heard the woman tell at the dog again.  I have not taken my dog here for grooming but I wouldn't if the groomers are being harsh with animals!
