4	A tiny, old gas station turned sandwich shop that sits right next to Pioneer Memorial Park & Cemetery is a hot-spot for near-by state gov workers and Capitol lurkers. After doing a quick Google search of Old Station, I came across a short piece from the New Times about the history of this needle-in-a-haystack.  The building sat on Jefferson Street since 1926, beginning its life as a Mobile gas station and includes the best display of historic Arizona license plates in the state.  While you wait for your sandwich, look at the front wall and check out the array of AZ license plates dating back to 1912!  Pretty cool.  Oh, and the subs are pretty darn good too. There are approximately 30 sub variations, along with daily soup specials, fruit bowls, chips and the much beloved Rice Krispy Treats!  There is a nice outdoor patio in the back and a sufficient number of tables inside, which is surprising based on the small square footage of the place. Lunch time is busy, but the staff keep things moving and always with a smile.  They also serve breakfast -- burritos and subs. Check it out sometime; you'll get some good eats and a great sense of history in a town where history is sometimes lacking.
5	This place is so freaking good. I've only ever ordered one item and that's the veggie sub. Maybe sometime I'll try the cheese one but if it ain't broke... The mayo is the best I've ever had. I love their ice. Great ice. The patio is misted. The decor is fun. Totally worth the drive if you're in a 7.5 mile range.
4	Met Hubby here today for one of our last lunches together for the summer. It's the place he (and just about every other state employee, it seems) eats most often. It's a tiny little shop with a few tables crammed in and a mistered patio out back. The walls are lined with AZ memorabilia, license plates, and old timey signs. But for once, they're for real, not the fake old timey stuff that's on the walls of most chain restaurants. I'm lookin' at you, Cracker Barrel....They have a great variety of subs, plus soups, salads, fruit bowls, a veritable wall o'chips, and baskets of sweet snax. Get the Rice Krispie treat. You know you wanna. The subs were quite good- and huge. Had I known how big, I would absolutely have ordered a half. Tons of fresh veggies, lite on the mayo, a tad heavy on the dressing. Dallas is right- the ice is awesome. It's the perfect crush, so that, according to my husband, he can keep on chewing it long after he gets back to his desk and NOT annoy the crap out of his fellow cubies.
5	This place is walking distance from my work and serves up some awesome Sandwichs. It has a very nastalgic feel to it .
5	ATTENTION BARGAIN EATERS!What a great deal on a delicious fillling lunch!  For $8, I got an italian foot long sub, potato salad, small drink AND a humongous rice krispy treat.I said it was a delicious filling lunch NOT a healthy one.There are helathy options of course, I saw salads that looked wonderful and the menu is pretty extensive.  They even have a fresh fruit bowl.The place gets jammed with the typical lunch crowd, but they are quick and efficient and move everyone along, even thought it crowded in that place.
3	lots of subs to pick from, friendly staff, place is packed during lunch from all the government office around it
2	The food here is SOOOOOOO much better than the nearby State cafeteria.  In fact, the cafeteria failed inspection a bunch of times until it finally was closed for a few days last year to clean up. Old Station lunch is decent and filling; about equivalent to Subway. I don't get all the rave reviews. I've worked near the capitol for over ten years and only choose Old Station if I'm very hungry and don't feel like driving.
2	It's ok for the $.... But nothing to rave about!  I make a better sub sandwich at home... And the "fresh" fruit cup is never fresh!  Ugh I hate a dirty looking crew too!  Employees need to clean up
5	$6.01 bought me a **d e l i c i o u s**  foot long tukey sandwich, a bag of chips and a soda, it was the daily special.   CHEAP EATS!
4	Family-owned and operated, quality ingredients (dynamite bread), fast friendly service, cool location... You can't go wrong here and I will most certainly return.
1	Really I'm the first to review this place that has been here for a gajillion years?? So I should preface by saying the few blocks surrounding the area are the oldest graves in Phoenix, a pioneer site.  I love this place, too bad it does not love to provide service.  I was attending a conference at Civic Plaza and my hostess was buying.. I scanned Yelp as I had no idea what I wanted to eat and than it hit me..Tuna Wrap with the Zombies in the graveyard!  Too bad when I walked in I requested a bag of sour cream chips be added to my tuna wrap - the cashier looked at me like I was doing crack and refused my request and the sandwich maker asked what was up so I made the request a second time when he refused I asked what the big deal was?  He said because doing so would be a, "Pain in his ass" So I said Okay, as a customer it is a pain in my ass to spend my money here.  and left.  My $$$ spends any where and as long as I'm not making unreasonable demands or asking for free well than I worked customer service long enough to know making people happy keeps them coming back!
4	Not the best subs I ever had, but definitely a satisfying and quick lunch! I had a veggie sub (extra cheese) which I have eaten before and it is delish every time! There is something about thinly shredded lettuce and mayo that when combined, it is like the force. I also had the cheddar and broccoli soup which is creamy and not over-doing it like I have experienced time and again with that flavor of soup. I don't usually drink  a lot of soda, but when I do, ice is super important and they have this slushed ice that makes the soda so worth the extra calorie and sugar intake! I am occupied by all the antique NFL memorabilia while waiting for my order and the staff is super friendly! If you are in the area and need a bite to eat, stop in, it is worth it.
4	I really enjoy The Old Station!  The subs are tasty and filling and reasonably priced, and I have not yet found one I don't like.  The soups are excellent!  My favorite is the home made tomato soup, but their clam chowder is awesome as well.  A far cry better than the &^&* they serve in the DES cafeteria!
4	I only wish the indoor dining area was bigger. Fast service, tasty food, affordable experience.
3	I really want to like this place, because this is the only decent eatery for government employees in that area. But I am still not warmed up to its subs after 8 months. I like the Chicken Wild Rice Soup (Wed only) though.
3	It takes somthing special to make a good veggie sub, most places jut take a normal sub and throw away the meat, and some times if you are lucky add an avacado.  This was the case here. Just some lettuce pickle tomato and cheese. The Bread and cheese were decent but overall the sandwitch lacked any insperation, sprouts, a pesto, grilled portobello etc would have been nice ways to add some flavor and substance, alas, my quick meal selection left me disappointing and hungry and the price was aceeptable at ~$6 but not great.
3	Really the only spot in the area, but that doesn't take away from the quality.  Get the daily special and you can't go wrong.
4	Excellent and unique little place right off a very drab cemetery. The salads are amazing and huge! Very generous portions. Soups are homemade and priced to sell. Delicious!
5	Best sub place in town.  Nothing else to be said besides that bold statement.
4	Stopped in after my internshipThe exterior is cute and quaint It looks as if it has been there for quite some timeInside looks pretty much the sameThe menu is small but you're sure to find something to eatI got the daily special which was an Italian sannyThe meat, cheese, oil and vinegar were all really goodThe bread was also very goodI really enjoyed the sandwich, which came with mac salad and a sodaI was surprised by the O.S.S.S and I will be going back to try the other meal optionsThe workers were very nice and quick
2	I went to the Sub Shop today for lunch. I split the chicken salad sandwich with my friend.  The bread was hard and tasted not fresh and didn't have very much chicken.  We told the owner she said that's how they received the bread when they received the order, but besides that the sandwich was perfect. So she was aware of the bread being hard, but was still selling it??? She offered to give us a discount on our next order, ok so why not give us the discount immediately.  My friend and I definitely were not satisfied with the service or sandwich.
5	Small little place to eat near the Capitol.  I would never had tried this if a friend hadn't suggested it.  So glad she did.  She LOVES the veggie sub but I got the tuna as a wrap.You can make any sandwich a sub.Great for vegetarians too!!!!Not bad but great place to grab a quick bite.  You might see some colorful people outside since it's downtown and a lot of ghetto around, but try it!
2	If only the food were as good as the atmosphere.  This place has tons of character. It's small but lively. The staff is really friendly as well and that's always a plus. Problem is that the subs are nothing special. They taste like anything I could make at home in 5 minutes or less.  When I end up going I feel like there is way too much bread like one of those pre made grocery store subs. Also the prices are high. It's really close to work but honestly the DES building down the street has a cafeteria that does subs on Thursdays. Quality is the same, DES portions are about 50% bigger and with chips and drink it's still about half the price.
5	This place is amazing!! They have the best subs in town. I would definitely recommend the meatball sub or the pastrami Ruben. They also have refreshing salads that are great in this HOT Arizona summers and they delish daily soups. It gets super packed during lunchtime so I would recommend calling in an order and picking it up if you don't want to wait.
3	My first time here. Very small place and very crowded at noon. A good sign. It looked like most folks were ordering "to go." I would say go early, if you are going to try this little shop. When we finished eating I was barely out of my seat before someone else was sitting in it. I felt like our spirit auras were going to collide.  I had the chicken salad sub. The chicken in the salad was in large enough pieces that you could tell it was CHICKEN.; Some chicken salads are so finely chopped you sometimes wonder. but not here.  My dining companion had the special - roast beast and cheese sub. Must have been a good beast, because he ate it all; along with a cup of the chicken tortilla soup.  We then polished off two reasonably good choco-chip cookies. Food was good; not gourmet, but good. Best part was the service. Friendly and fast. They do know what they are doing with the products they have to work with. Would I go back? Probably, if I'm ever in that neck of the woods again . . . but only before or after the lunch hour. Why? Well, because everyone else within a two-mile radius was there from 12-1.
1	Iceberg lettuce!  Iceberg lettuce!  Really!?  They need to consider upgrading to finer vegetation.  And to make the sandwich worse, the tuna fish was swimming in mayonnaise.  WTF is this $hit?
