5	My niece decided to put all her stuff in storage rather than bring it home for the summer when she finished up her first year at Pitt this past week. I told her we'd help her move stuff, since she couldn't rent a U-haul or a car to do the moving due to her age. She did a little web research and picked Iron City Self Storage due to its proximity to Pitt. We loaded up the car and brought the stuff over. I almost blew past it coming down the street that Mapquest put us on (Webster to Blessing) so a more noticeable sign BEFORE the turn in might be nice. I got down to Bigelow and managed to safely turn around and come back up to the parking lot. My niece checked in, and got paid up for the summer. About $150 for her to put her stuff safely away in a 4x4x4 container. She was incredibly worried that she would not have enough space, but it turned out to be just right. One of the employees, Tom, helped us bring the stuff in and he brought the first cart load up into the storage unit for us. It was most of the heavy stuff, so we were super thankful for that. He was incredibly helpful and wonderful, and I think that set my niece at ease.She had a lot of extra space, so she confessed to me that she had more stuff in her room. We went back and got her things and the second car load filled the rest of the container wonderfully. The facility is really clean and wonderful. As I mentioned, the only thing I'd change is a sign before the parking lot so silly people like me won't miss the parking lot as they're looking for Bigelow. We'll be using their services again in the future, I'm sure.
4	Being a stingy storage monger, I called around a bit until I landed on Iron City - the prices were reasonable, it's clean, climate controlled, and easy to get to on Bigelow. The guys were friendly, they do a month-to-month contract (no cancellation fees) and they can auto-debit an account for you. There are also plenty of dollies and moving equipment to run out to your vehicle, if you are unable (like myself) to carry more than two boxes without risking your life. 2 tips: 1. Bring your own lock - I was a rookie, but didn't expect they'd charge something like $12 (I don't remember, but it was something I could've bought at Home Depot for $4) for a simple padlock. 2. If you sign up for auto-pay, call after the first month and make sure they set it up correctly. Apparently the guy who i signed up with forgot to put my paperwork through, and they called me saying I owed them money. We fixed it right away, but just in case - follow up.
5	I don't usually take the time to write reviews, but I'm making sure to take the time to let everyone know how great Iron City Self Storage (especially Bob) worked out for my last move. The boyfriend and I had to store our stuff for a two day gap between leases, and had arranged to use the storage space of someone staying in town temporarily (he had a similar situation, but not a lot of stuff). When we got to Guardian, where our friend's storage locker was located, we found everything locked up and discovered they were closed on Sundays. Considering we had an apartment-full of stuff to move that day and only a "cargo van" to do it, we almost started crying right there.Luckily, a Google search brought up Iron City - when I told the guy there we needed an 8x10 room, he said he'd give us a bigger room at the 8x10 rate, and sure we could head over right now. After we set everything up, the move became a race against time to get as much stuff as possible into the unit before they closed at 3 o'clock. When we finished unloading our last load at 4, we went to thank Bob, who only got paid until 3 but didn't tell us to take a hike when closing time came. Not only that, but when we mentioned we still had about 3 car-loads of stuff to move, he set us up with an access code so we didn't have to find yet another alternate storage solution.As other reviews said, they have lots of carts and hand-trucks that made unloading and loading for the subsequent move-in go much easier (and they were free to use). They're also a u-haul rental facility, and I would definitely rent a truck from them next time we move (hopefully not for a long time!). I'd recommend them to anybody and would use them again in a second, they really saved our sanity!
4	Used these guys twice to rent a Uhaul for moving purposes. Had good experiences both times, however this past time I felt bullied to buy the insurance for the truck when I only drove it 2 miles. I ordered the truck online, and everything was ready and good-to-go the morning of. I would at least recommend using these guys for Uhaul rentals (though I can't speak for storage rentals).
5	I only recently moved to pittsburgh, so I can't compare iron city to other storage places here. However, they're the best I've ever used anywhere. Central location, very friendly and flexible service, and loading dock access on all stories thanks to being sited on a steep hill. On top of that they're a uhaul branch which is incredibly convenient. Only criticism I have is that the access hours are fairly limited.
5	Great facility, with climate control - clean and tidy. Incredible customer service (honestly I was amazed - staff was so accomodating) - and the best part was the unbeatable rate.
5	The staff at Iron City has continued to be accomodating to my access hours requests, and I continue to enjoy the facility. I've heard now from a few different people about a filmmaker who was able to rent most of a floor to construct sets, and I like that Iron City Self Storage is flexible when it comes to what you end up using your space for. It's ideally located for me as I just moved to Polish Hill - easy access for most as it's right on Bigelow and the Bloomfield Bridge.
