1	This place is a dump. Don't let them fool you. New management is horrible. The girls who work in the office are unintelligent idiots. Was amazing when I first moved in a year ago. Lots of unnecessary renovation going on. The hot tubs are never clean, exercise equipment broken, and my pot smoking party neighbors make it no better. Mail boxes recently broken into. They required us to go to post office for several weeks to pick up mail. The workers at the post office were incredibly annoyed and I think intentionally weren't giving us mail. Also serious conflict with not receiving water bill. My neighbor received an eviction notice because he did not include it in his rent last month. That was reflections fault for not properly making us aware of the billing situation. Also, they constantly have tow trucks coming in towing cars for late registration and so on. And cops coming in giving tickets. Have never lived in a complex like this one. I never write reviews but this place is terrible. Move else where please! Save yourself the headache. renee the old manager was amazing, you are missed and I'm sure they regret not having you.
1	So I moved into this complex for 6 month while trying to buy a house. I moved in with no furniture and slept on an inflatable mattress. This was temporary housing for me after all. I never cooked in the apartment, moved nothing in, had no pets, and cleaned weekly. When I moved in, they gave me an apartment that had such a horrid stench, it still lingered in my clothes months after I moved out. They have a smoking policy but guess what, my building was inhabited by geriatric chain smokers and it soaked thru the walls every day. After a few months, the place was sold to a new company without any notice to the residents. These guys moved in, fired the one decent staff person we had, and immediately tore up everything to remodel. No phase over, they just shut down the pools, club houses, tore out the fences and treated the residents like pond scum. And thanks to the lack of security, we had our mailboxes pried open by thieves. Others were robbed.   So I turned in my notice letter that I was moving to the prior company. Oh the new company can't seem to find it and wants me to sign a new contract and pay a penalty. My lease was up so I moved anyway. Cleaned the apartment spotless. Vacuumed. Everything. Went over to have my move out inspection done. Guess what, no inspection. Your account is clear and you are free to go. Thank you for your business. Two months go by, I find out they billed me for carpet cleaning, all the light bulbs (none were burned out), and a host other trumped up charges and sent the bill to a COLLECTION AGENCY. No letter. No phone call. Nothing. Recall I lived there 6 months with no furniture and didn't even eat in the apartment. RUN AWAY FROM THIS AWFUL COMPANY!!!!!!!And for the reviewer below --- I MISS RENE TOO!!!!! It was jut wrong what they did to her.
1	Please don't be fooled by this place, they are newly remodeled and the new units are really beautiful but IT'S NOT WORTH IT. THE MANAGEMENT HERE IS SO SO HORRIBLE. God, they are SO rude, they are NOT helpful. It took 2 weeks for my dryer to get fixed. MY air has been broke for almost a week and all they do is give the run around. My roommate has been getting bit constantly by spiders. And when we moved in there was a huge dent in the fridge from that they said would be fixed, its been 3 months and its not fixed. We moved in and there were not screens on the windows, and once they finally put them on they fell right off because they weren't even fastened on. It's absolutely horrible hear, I am counting the days until we can leave. It's unfortunate because its a great location but the staff including the property manager Jada are horrid. AND STAY AWAY FROM BRANDI. Look elsewhere I wish I would have listened to the reviews when I was looking.I have never written a review before but just want to help out the community by telling you all to STAY FAR AWAY
1	Update: Visited a friend still living there.Nothing has changed.Management lies constantly.Second update:Comment below is the same line of crap you post to every online complaint.Why not try fixing the problem. Oh wait, you probably won't fire yourself.....
1	Mailboxes here have been broken into 5 times in 3 years. The gate up front in front of the mailboxes is forever broken and management doesn't care enough to fix it. And don't bother complaining about not feeling safe having mail sent to your place. Management will promptly tell you how they are new and just "don't know". Oh and calling Trinity is pointless, that's just leaving a voicemail for a person who will never call you back. Your money is better spent elsewhere. I pay almost $800/mo for a one bedroom and I can't even have mail sent here. Management could care less about residents. Look elsewhere!
4	We like it, and thankfully our mailbox hasn't been broken into like others. We got in just before the renovations finished and are getting a pretty good deal right now (rates have since went up). Had one issue with management, but looks like they got new people in now.Maintenance is good, when our AC broke in the middle of the summer it was fixed within 24 hours. The 2nd time it broke took 2 days. You might have to followup a few times.Cons: - W/S/G is expensive: We pay an extra $55 a month for that. (Update: Looks like they've added more fees and our WSG is now over $80 last month, a little ridiculous for two people I think). - The company they contracted for renovation cut a lot of corners. The reno'd apartment was missing a drawer handle, new laminate floor bubbling, towel rod in bathroom fell after a few months, blinds were supposed to be replaced with the newer ones but weren't, ceiling fan wobbles, they replaced granite countertops with laminate (not sure why) and the new fridge broke within months. I'm just hoping we don't get charged for this when we move out like others commented.Tip: Can't go wrong with this area, safe and a great location. If I were looking again, I'd be looking from here (Sahara) down through the 215 where there's plenty of apt's to choose from.
1	DO NOT LET THIS PLACE FOOL YOU! It's starts off like a dream apartment. Great amenities,  gym, pools, etc. I moved in and it has been nothing but problem after problem taking forever to get fixed.. it took them 1 1/2 months to get blinds on my front window when we were told days.. When I asked we kept getting the run around. I been having a leaking ac unit for almost a month now. I have reported it three times. The first time maintenence came out and I heard the guy yelling outside to his boss, "well I can't find the pipe so I'm just going to shop vac the water out and if it leaks then it f'in leaks again and he can call back again!" So he came and shop vac it... it leaked two more time after and they just did the same thing then forgot about it. I woke up and this time the water is flooded in my bathroom, going into my living room and even destroyed my 100 scale that the can tell body fat, etc... so I stopped by the office and they told me they called in a company from the outside.. I come home and not only has the company not come but the office never sent maintenance to come shop vac the water out like they always do... so now there is water EVERYWHERE! What place knows there has been water leaking for three weeks, never comes to fix it... then when I tell them it's leaking very bad now they don't even send anyone to stop the leak?! Horrible place!  Back to the complex..... The dog run is never cleaned with vinegar to sanitize or clean the smell out so the whole area smells like pee and poop bad... my key code hasn't worked for the gate since we moved it because management said they don't know what the problem is..... The pool by my apartment that looked nice has been closed for whatever reason the majority time that I lived here.. my key dosent even open the gate.... The gym ac has been broken for months now so it's always extremely hot while working out.. The sauna was broken for over a month... pit bulls aren't allowed to live on property yet I've seen three and I know they are not service dogs.. my neighbors dog got attacked by one of the pit bull last week.... really horrible place to.live so far and I've only been here for 2 months so far....  stay away from this complex!
1	Day I moved in the lady I had been working with over the phone( I was moving from Cali and had only seen the property once) she forgot I was moving in and had to type my lease up still. GREAT... So I go walk my dogs for an hour and then she tells me if I move in tomorrow I can get free rent... ok you could have told me that before I drove 400 miles. I get in and she doesn't do a walk through with me and just drops the sheet off for me to fill out. Neighbor smoked in his apartment when I complained they offered to move me to an apartment way in the back so I just stuck it out and he actually stopped smoking(or I just got used to the smell who knows).Dog park was ALWAYS filthy and they'd run out of bags every other week which made it worse for those of us who were responsible. Grounds also covered in poop constantly.The gate was broken for the first 6 months I lived here, so the whole "secure neighborhood" was a lie because they don't have security guards. The landscaping is beautiful around the demo unit and everywhere else is tiny ugly shrubs.They said they spray for bugs and you even pay for it monthly but the whole complex is covered in cockroaches and crickets in summer.Decided not to renew because every time I went in to talk about moving to an end unit they were busy and it was always someone new who never called me back.\3 weeks before my lease was up my car was broken into and management just told me to call the cops. There's no security. except a car that drives through maybe once a night.When I moved out I turned in my paperwork and the guy working there alone(again someone new cause they fired everyone or they quit) said he was too busy to do a walk through with me and he'd call me. 3 weeks after that I get a letter in the mail saying I owe $400 for new carpet. I go in to talk to them and the guy admits the carpets weren't new when I moved in but said I'm still liable for replacement but that he discounted it for me. Place is shady and management doesn't care about anyone but getting money.Best thing about this complex was the pool and the maintenance guys because they were the only ones who were the same the whole time.
1	This play deserves no stars. I tried working with them but they wouldn't budge and without even any notice sent me to some shark collection company. And I asked the lady who responded to me to help me, but instead she ignored me. If you look her up online via Linkedin she works for their corporate office in California and is most likely just someone who sends BS replies to these so they look good to perspective residents. My advice is stay far away. The lakes is a lousy neighborhood anyway.
1	I lived here for two years. During that time, the place changed management. What was once a nice complex with responsive management turned into a "upgraded" complex with terrible management. They kept increasing rent and fee costs during my time there and provided increasingly poor service. No number of cabana-style pool chairs can make up for that.For example, my air conditioning broke 3 times in one summer and each time it took almost 24 hours to service and I had to call and complain multiple times. The front gate was broken for nearly 6 months (I'm not sure they ever fixed it) so that the property was unsecured. And, although my mailbox wasn't one that was broken into, it did happen to others while I was there and certainly didn't increase my confidence in the place. Then, when I finally moved out of my previously un-remodeled unit, they tried to charge me nearly $1000 in damages, presumably to cover renovations they were undergoing at the time. They wanted me to pay for all new flooring and paint, even though it was old and scratched when I moved in, and they could not provide proof of damage when I asked. When I tried to negotiate with them and offered to pay a percentage of the cost, no one would follow up with me. I emailed and physically visited their office at least 5 times. They promised calls and emails back, and I never got any. Instead, they sent me to a collections agency.
2	i am SO disappointed in Reflections, it's in fact very sad. when i first moved into my beautiful apartment (January of 2013), with granite counter-tops and an enormous kitchen i was in heavenly bliss. they were in the process of just finishing up renovations, with a gorgeous pool house, sauna, gym, Jacuzzis...the works, and for the first year and a half i LOVED it here. granted there were some issues of the gates never being fixed, and continuously standing ajar for the whole city to come and go as they please, yet i still felt safe, and the management and workers here were great, always friendly, on the ball, and getting things done when they were needed to be done. then the managerial changes occurred. Jada a good manager, was replaced by Ryan a GREAT manager, some amazing staff members were relocated to other complexes, and other new, albeit competent were brought in, no problem. then they started firing all the great new lease agents, keeping the incompetent ones, and hiring people who barely lasted a month. finally Ryan left, followed by Stephanie and Trinity brought in a slew of rude, incompetent imbeciles who can barely sign their own name without using spell check, and all this for a tremendous hefty height in rent. my lease was up back in August, and personally as much as i love living here, i was worried about being able to afford the rent increase, but i stuck it out and asked them to renew my lease, the lease renewal was unfortunately being done during their new incompetent hires. back in June, when i first requested a lease renewal, i didn't give it a second thought. yet 3 weeks later in the beginning of July, when i have still not received one, i was getting a little anxious, as the buildings policy is, if you do not sign a renewal lease, then you pay a month to month with a penalty of an additional $100.00 per month, which would be added to the rent increase, making the rent of a one bedroom apartment at close to $1000.00 (trust me, far from worth it). after talking to one of the new hires, Courtney, i asked for a lease renewal, she gave me a fake smile, tried to hide her rudeness, didn't bother writing my info down, and said she'll have one ready by the end of the week. needless to say, and to make a long story short due to space, it took them up to up to TWO DAYS before my lease was up, and they STILL didn't have a lease ready for me, it was only with my raising my voice, and raising holy hell that they said they would get right on it. on August the first i STILL didn't hear anything form them, so i called to find out was going on they said, they were waiting for my home insurance info, so i asked if they called the insurance company they said they didn't, so i asked how were they planning to get the insurance info, they said i was supposed to get it to them, i asked if they contacted me for the info, again they said no. so i questioned how were they planning to get info if they never bothered to ask anyone for it? Courtney just gave me a vacant look like she didn't understand what i was even talking about, and said "i don't know". that is how their leasing agents "work", now lets talk about the grounds. because of the bug infestation here, the pools, and the jacuzzis, when the jets and heat aren't broken, are uninhabitable because i have an issue of doing the breaststroke, with a cockroach doing the backstroke along side of me trying to keep up. the pools and jacuzzis (again when they are working, which in fact is quite rare) are usually filthy with dirt, grime, leaves and bugs...lots and LOTS of bugs. even the main house has an ant infestation in the kitchenette area. they claim they spray weekly, but when you see a parade of ants, all over the coffee machine, you tend to wonder if they are spraying with pesticide or water? the little refrigerator that is to house water for the residents is void of water, but now filled with employee left over lunches, going back who knows how long. the dog fecal matter is lying petrified outside my building, so they can claim that they clean it up every morning all they want, but i don't know of a single dog who has WHITE poo. and don't even get me started on the bird dropping on the stairway, because the area is such a delicatessen for them because of the bugs. the AC in the gym has been broken for ages, and when i told them about it, they said they had someone take a look at it but it was fine (86 degrees is NOT fine). there are fights and arguments in the parking areas, people blast their music from their cars at all hours of the night, there was even a shooting here. this place has gone to holy hell, and i can't wait for my lease to expire, because this time, no matter how much i love my kitchen, the filth and low class of tenants and management that they brought in are far from worth it, especially for the price they charge.
1	DO NOT MOVE HERE!!! trust me, it'll spare you a lot of hassle, frustration and disappointment. I'm sure you don't want every detail of all the problems I've gone through in 3 months that I've lived here so I'll give you the gist of it..this is hands down THE WORST MANAGEMENT EVER. the females that work in the office are VERY RUDE and incompetent, including the "property manager" Brianna. I'm not the confrontational type but they bring out the b*tch in me. you have to catch them on a good day to get any help, but most of the time it's like they're on their menstrual cycle with BAD attitudesthe property itself is old (built 1988) and has been renovated which became obvious after moving in. seems like they just put band aids over everything damaged. my floors are obnoxiously squeaky, it takes at least 3 mins for water to get warm and not to mention water pressure is very low (takes forever to wash dishes!). the heater does not heat well and I'm afraid to even try the AC come summer time. however, the maintenance guys are very sweet and are always willing to help. I've already seen a car with a busted window from theft and the mailboxes have also been broken into.Ive only been here 3 months and am already fed up. I called today about an issue with my rent and Brianna became extremely rude. I asked how I can contact higher management and she kept repeating that she was the manager. finally she said she couldn't give out contact info for trinity properties and took my number and said she would have someone contact me. we'll see if that ever happens. if corporate happens to see this.. PLEASE HIRE BETTER MANAGEMENT! I should have gone with my gut when I toured the property and looked elsewhere!
