4	This hotel was a refreshing breath of fresh air after my stay at the Holiday Inn.  This hotel is connected directly to the underground, so you can avoid going outside in the winter.  There is also a pool where you actually swim outside from the locker rooms.So how was the cleanliness?  It was very good.  The bathroom was clean and the room looked like it had been vaccumed that day.  I was pleased to see that there were no old Subway napkins on the desk like at the Holiday Inn.Location?  I think I said it up top.  This hotel is right on top of the underground and across the street from Gare Central.  It is a little hike from the Air Canada Centre, but it isn't that bad.How was the bed?  Well, it was okay.  It wasn't stellar, but it wasn't lumpy or hard.  I slept well, but I do have to say that the mirrors in the corner of the room over the mini-fridge was a bit spooky.  And those cookies that they charge you for when you eat seemed to be screaming at me to eat them as they sat by the mirror.Being a Gold member of the Hilton program I had access to free breakfast.  It was very well appointed with cereal, pastries, fruit, and juice.  Of course tea and coffee was available as well.All in all I enjoyed staying at this hotel, but those mirrors were just creepy.
2	Very odd place for a hotel. It is the top two floors of an office building. It is indeed right on the Underground which you might have trouble navigating on Sundays. The beds are nothing special, the rooms are okay if you get one that overlooks the city or the pool.The pool though... the hotel has a heated rooftoop pool that is open year round. It has a small piece that goes into the locker room, so you can get into the pool indoors, then swim outside. This is so that you can go swimming in a 75 degree pool when it is below zero outside, or when there is a blizzard. Even gone swimming in a blizzard? It is very strange.Wifi in the hotel lobby only. Overpriced for what you get in my opinion.
3	Hilton atop a office building, sorry can't be 4 star, but it is unique in a couple of ways like the pool in winter is amazing and warming, it has 5 feet indoor, and than u swim under to the outdoor pool with ice cold wind outside, it smokes up 10' high, it looks and feels like ur in a kettle, delicious. The hallways have concrete designed walls with huge mahogany doors looks a little like an underground KGB office, the rooms r regular with all hilton amenities.
4	The hotel is on the roof of the building and has some gorgeous views.  The room was a nice size and the bed comfy.  The staff was also friendly.My only complaints are that there was no wireless in the rooms and I had to carry luggage up and down a few stairs to get to and from the room.I would certainly return if I'm in the area again.
4	Heated pool so we could go swimming in -20 degree winter weather? O, Canada!It's right above an underground station, which is very convenient, and within walking distance of a fair amount of sightseeing locations and bars/restaurants.Rooms were a bit small, but comfortable. No messes or any other problems.The hotel bar is a bit costly, but we only had a few drinks here to wind down a very epic night of celebrating New Year's.For breakfast, I suggest walking to Eggspectations nearby!The front desk was extremely helpful in recommending places nearby to go eat and drink (many things were closed that weekend).
4	Pretty Cool Retro Hotel, Renovated in 2006, very Stylish, perfectly central location, excellent staff, disarmingly polite, outdoor pool, open year round, pretty good gym too
3	The Bonaventure is probably the only place in the city where you can get a moderately priced room that's is nice and a hotel with good service. You can leave your car at the hotel and use local transit to get anywhere downtown. When making a reservation make sure to ask them what kid of deal they can give you. I have saved some bucks by just asking.
3	What a very strange little (or big) hotel.Pros: nice staff, reasonably nice pool, comfortable bed. Nice (free!) afternoon appetizers and morning breakfast for status members.Cons: The hotel feels old, and a bit strange (perhaps it's all that concrete). Many of the "amenities" aren't actually owned by the hotel, so diamond members don't even get free internet in the business center. Restaurants were underwhelming. Presumably we had one of the best rooms, and it really wasn't all that special (although clean and comfortable, to be sure).
4	Located atop Place Bonaventure, this Hilton includes an outdoor heated pool, easily its most attractive ammenity. Upon arrival, my friends and I unpacked the cars and immediately noted how strange it was that even the hotel lobby was on the top floor, though it later became apparent that the entire hotel exists on roughly two levels, with half flights of stairs leading from public spaces to wings of guest rooms. This layout makes the hotel seem almost an afterthought, something that was dropped onto an open space on the supporting building's roof.After the extremely-friendly staff checked all seven of us in, we dropped our bags in the clean and reasonably-sized rooms, changed into bathing suits, and proceeded to the pool. Being in Montreal in January, swimming outdoors while a light snow fell was a unique experience that proved quite relaxing following our drive from Boston.The hotel's convenient access from the highway, rail, and subway systems, as well as its close proximity to the Bell Center, all make it a convenient option for tourists and business travelers alike.As is the case for much of Montreal, the hotel's public areas prominently feature concrete elements in the Brutalist style, detracting somewhat from the hotel's appearance. Thankfully, this style does not extend to the guest rooms.
4	This terrific Hilton hotel is located in downtown Montreal, just a few minutes away from the Bell Centre, and just seconds away from the underground mall, the subway and Place Bonaventure. It also has a parking lot where you can either self-park or use a valet, each at an extra charge but very convenient. Oh and did I mention that there's a Tim Horton's about fifteen seconds away? What more could you really ask for, seriously.The hotel itself is like nothing I've ever seen. There is no lobby on the ground floor. It is located above an office building and you'll have to access it using an elevator. Once on top, you'll find not only the lobby, but a restaurant, a heated outdoor swimming pool and the rooms. The decor is unique and is an architectural disaster. While Montreal isn't exactly known for it's amazing architecture, the hotel is a real eyesore, with some weird concrete walls in the hallways but it's easy to ignore as the rooms are spacious, clean and comfortable. The front desk people were terrific and checked us in efficiently in our three rooms and after dropping our suitcases off, we rushed to the swimming pool which is very unique - You go into this special, tiny room and proceed to get in to the water before going through a tiny tunnel that will bring you outside. Nothing beats swimming in an outdoor pool on a snowy day.The hotel is affordable, especially if you use Expedia like we did and we had a terrific stay there, especially since it was so close to everything. I wouldn't hesitate to stay there again in the future when in town.
3	A little confusing to figure out how to get to the main floor and reception area at first but once you got it figured out it's fantastic.The Hilton is located downtown right near all the action of St. Catherine and Peel Street. The hotel itself is located on the corner of Rue Mansfield and Rue de La Gauchetiere. McGill University is a straight shot up Mansfield so if you're looking to visit some friends at McGill you're not too far off. Also Crescent Street is not too far from the hotel. That is where you will find the Hard Rock Cafe, Thursday's, Sir Winston Churchill's, Ben & Jerry's, Newtowne, Paris Crepe, etc. Just travel a few blocks west on St Cathrerine and take a right on Crescent.The hotel atmosphere is quiet and nice. It's in an old building that could appear to some as dingy for a Hilton, but it's actually quite nice. The hotel bar staff and reception desk clerks were very helpful and friendly. Warning for the bar: a tall cheap beer (Molson Dry) ran me $10/each. It shouldn't really cost much more than $7 elsewhere.The hotel has free internet but not wi-fi. In your room there is a LAN wire that you can conntect to your laptop. You can purchase higher internet speeds for a certain price per MB.The bed was the most comfortable thing I have ever slept on and the rooms are spacious. I will definitely be back.
3	I would like to make it clear that I came here for a conference not to stay in the hotel. As other people have mentioned, it is a little confusing to get there. Especially if you come in the wrong entrance as I did the first time. The reception is not on the main level which is a first for me. I have been to a hotel where the business class is on a different level, but to have to go up an elevator and not even have a grand entrance I found weird. On the other hand, the location is nice as it is on the corner of old Montreal for the tourists and located at a subway / metro for getting around. The hotel has a nice pool and Jacuzzi which my hotel didn't have. The conference rooms were nice and plentiful. There were tons of rooms. My only complaint is that they were all freezing. It was 30 deg. C outside but I still brought a sweater and jacket to the conference because it was that cold inside. Even with all my gear I was still cold. I guess they want everyone to stay awake which attending these types of events. :P
4	the Mike B Summer 2011 Crusade returned to Montreal. by sheer coincidence, we ended up staying here again (we booked through Expedia's unpublished rates). what can I say, my tour manager knows we have a reputation.now that it wasn't, you know, way below freezing outside, we could actually enjoy the pool area this time around! it is a real pool, fairly wide and going from 3 feet to 8 feet at a somewhat steep gradient, which I like.also, they play lounge/chill/ambient music at the poolside bar. a pitcher of sangria runs you about $2 - wasn't the strongest sangria I've had, but it was well-mixed. crowd was mixed: families, older people, hot chicks...O Canada!the room itself was comfortable and clean, all you really need when you're just in need of a place to crash at night.the hotel is in somewhat of a business district, but Saint Catherine Street is fairly close for your food/drinking/nightlife needs. also, there's a Metro stop below the building as well as some food/shops underground.the older Asian guy who staffs the concierge desk - I forgot his name, but we asked him for some information both on our last trip and this time around - he is extremely nice and very helpful!
3	Comfortable bed--check! Clean room--check! AC works well--check! Amazing water pressure in the shower--check! The hotel layout is a bit strange as other Yelpers have mentioned but c'est la vie :) Parking was expensive and we waited a long time for our car after requested it. The decor is a bit retro.
3	i attended a 4 day conference at this hotel.. the audio and visual was solid.. however.. the space itself was a bit small to accommodate the size of our conference (about 600 people).. they definitely needed more tables for people to use their lap tops and computeras for the food.. breakfast was ok.. they needed to keep the coffee going during the breaks.. for lunch.. we had sandwiches which were bland.. by the way.. the wifi is pretty slow and spotty.. although it was provided to us for free.. any business hotel should be providing this..
1	Pet owners beware!!! They took my dog while I was out of the room...My husband and another couple recently had the misfortune of staying at this awful hotel. We brought along our two dogs as we normally would. We travel often and always take our dogs with us instead of boarding them. Upon checking in we signed a form agreeing not to leave our pets in the room for an "unreasonable amount of time", which in our minds meant several hours and the hotel staff did not specify. After getting unpacked and ready for the evening we left for dinner. We were maybe gone 45 minutes at the absolute most when the hotel called my husband and said that one of our dogs was barking and we must leave dinner immediately and return to the hotel. We called the waiter over had him box up our food and we left. When we got to our room and walked in the door one of our dogs was missing. I was already worried because it is very out of character for either of our dogs to bark and be a nuisance. My friend and I hurried to the front desk as our husbands continued to search the room for the dog. The staff was extremely rude to us and told that security had removed the dog from the room and we should be grateful that they did. I would have had no problem with that BUT if they were capable of calling to demand that we leave dinner then also tell me that you are taking my dog for a walk. Do not let me return to find him missing. I tried to explain why that was upsetting and that I love my dogs as if they were my children and the lady said good parents wouldn't leave their children unattended in the room. Then I was told that the pet policy we signed meant that pets could not be left in the room alone for even "one minute, because even that was an unreasonable amount of time" and it was "Hilton policy to remove animals from the room at their discretion whether their owners were notified or not."  Then after waiting for ten minutes security came walking up with my dog, held out his leash, and asked who is responsible for this animal. At that time my husband and my friend's husband began to lose their tempers, but who wouldn't in a situation like this? We had enough and asked if we could check out and if they knew of any other pet friendly hotels. They suggested one, so  my husband walked over to check in while we were packing up the room. Apparently the Hilton called the hotel that they had suggested and told them that we had an unruly pet and to beware of renting us a room.  As that was taking place across the street, my friend and I were packing up the room and all of the electricity in the hotel went out. It was pitch black. We went back to the front desk and was told that it was a planned black out and were given two glow sticks. So for the next four hours we had to sit in our room with no electricity and two glow sticks. I called the manager several times that night to try to settle the matter, but no one answered or called back. It took a week and a half and a nasty message from me to finally get a response. I was told that we could not receive a refund because they had to give 3 other refunds because of our barking dog. I'm sorry, but if anyone deserved a refund it was us.
3	Well this place is nice and sweet. There are a few faults that I did not enjoy on a "Valentines Weekend" At 6am the next morning, someone decides to shovel snow off the roof. I did not enjoy waking up that early. When I called an complain, they did not know what I was talking about. A few hours later, The Manager came with breakfast and mimosas :) That was great and considerate of him.A Warning during the winter, the heater did not work in the room, it was 62F and took a while before someone came and fix it. Overall it hotel is really clean, and and well taken care of. Room service is great, and the food is really high restaurant quality.Free WIFI for those in a business or suite room. Always a plus.
3	Although this is my most recent time staying here, I've stayed in the past quite a bit for work, sometimes weeks on end. For work, I liked it the most. It was central enough. The Path system took me underground and straight to the office building above Ailes. The rooms are modern, contemporary and has lots of amenities. I've stayed before in Fairmont (connects underground, but old rooms), Delta (doesn't connect to anything), and this one is by far my favourite. It's also about 10 mins walk to the Old City!I'm back here again as they host an annual dance competition. They are well versed in the dance world as they do this twice every year, for at least 5+ years. I actually don't mind that it's all one level, except for a few stairs. You can get around quicker and no need to wait for elevators (except the ones to get up). The restaurants aren't anything to be had though. I've eaten in the bar (meh), and le Castillion (expensive). Nearby, in the path, you can grab a quick bite to eat in the food courts or in the train station. For a better dinner, take the path thru Place Ville Marie to St Catherines. There's free wifi, but it's deceiving. I guess they are getting with the times, and in a transition phase. The rooms say only wired internet is free, and when you get to the splash page, you can't really do anything unless you pay. Well, turns out, if you click "bill my room", and there is a $0.00 options. More speed, you have to pay more. I guess it's tricky, and hopefully they will make it more clear. The staff here are super friendly. Everyone's smiling and seems like they will do their best to serve you better. Never had an issue. The Castillon restaurant, has not so bad food, except the terrible service, waiting in line and lack of staff makes it unbearable. Regardless, if I had to pick a hotel in Montreal, I would choose this one.
4	Seems like everyone comes here for the outdoor heated pool, which is very nice.Pros:- heated pool (open until 10:30pm)- on the "Underground City" path, so you don't have to go outside for public transit or get to shopping- thick walls, couldn't hear anyone else with my door closed- nice views of either the garden or the cityCons:- slow elevators, can be difficult to get one that isn't packed- Alcatraz feeling, due mostly to the concrete decor in the lobby & halls- rooms are very spread out- your car is likely two long elevator rides awayTip: there is a general store downstairs near the expo rooms, as well as a Subway sandiwch shop & a liquor store across the street in the train station
4	The rooms are nice and big....the staff is pleasant and courteous.   I like this Hilton.  One of the coolest things about this hotel is the rooftop pool and gardens...it is such a break from the busy downtown Montreal, within the city.       The hotel is located at the top of the Bonaventure complex.     The Executive Lounge privileges allow for free breakfast and afternoon snacks.    Good selection of food, free non alcoholic drinks, nominal charge for alcohol...   Overall a nice Hilton....So far, my favorite in Montreal of all hotels I have stayed....Housekeeping crew at night (turn down service) was not good...some nights, they made the bed and changed the towels, some nights, they just left water bottles.  Some nights, they left the chocolate on the pillows, some nights..no chocolate to be found....that night crew needs some retraining.
5	5 stars for executive floor and particularly exec lounge on first floor. Abundance of appetizers and deserts, and generous breakfast from the exec lounges of the good old days -- rarely found anymore.
3	I booked this Hilton using my credit card points so I was unable to use my Diamond status. However, at around $350 for the entire weekend, I was more than willing to use points. And, this Hilton was chosen for its close proximity to the train station, by which me and my bf were coming from. More importantly, we could get to the hotel through the expansive underground system network.Lobby/Check In:Smooth. We checked in around 9pm so there was no one. The agent even asked if were here before and explained to us the fetaures of the hotel. Interestingly enough, you have to go up a set of elevators to the 15th floor (I don't remember exactly) where the main reception area is. Our room was up a another set of rooms.Partial Pool View Room:This room was adequately sized and modern. For a regular room, it had 1 large King bed, a sitting/lounge area, a desk area and a bathroom. No complaints here.Noise-Level:Nothing to complain about. Extras:The heated pool is amazing! I didn't get to try it, but you actually enter the pool by walking in an open water entrance, go underneath a divider, than you're out in the open. Adequately sized gym.One main restaurant that I never saw anyone in. Frankly, with so many restaurants in Montreal, no wonder, but what a waste of space!Conclusion:You can't beat the Hilton's proximity to downtown Montreal. I would definitely stay here again just for that.
5	My wife, myself and our two girls stayed here in August, 2010.We loved it. Great location (we parked our car and didn't use it again while in Montreal) with a nice outdoor pool.The breakfast (included in the room rate) was excellent.Having the Gare Centrale across the street with its shops and bakeries was a nice bonus. Nothing but good memories...
3	Went there a couple of times for a tech conference. Their restaurant is good, but damn pricey, especially when you know there are better - and cheaper - restaurants around. Took friends and fried calmars as a snack, and they were delicious.But their pool: amazing! Even in winter, their hot pool is pretty cool and relaxing.
4	There is a retro vibe and a certain unique character to this property that I find tremendously appealing.  The hotel also has a very high caliber staff - a well executed vision of management not typically seen in North American hotels.  Restaurant is fine, but you can do better in Montreal just by taking a short walk in any direction.  The bar is kind of fun - attracts some very interesting crowds on the later side. Nice rooms, modernized to an above average standard, it's things like the roof top pool, the executive lounge, and old-world concierge / doormen make this place a keeper.
2	We stayed at this hotel for a three day conference at the beginning of May. During record high temperatures of 30C the highlight of our stay was the roof-top pool. Otherwise the hotel has updated finishes but was clearly laid out many years ago. The conference facilities and food services were average. When I discussed late check-out options with the front desk staff they were very rude. I was not impressed when both staff members sighed and rolled their eye at me when I asked, politely, why the late fees they referenced were double the quote I had received by email from the company.
5	This hotel is really nice and really expensive.  I really enjoyed my stay here because its close to all the shops in St Catherine and that street goest on forever!  Ordered room service and of course I had to order Hamburger and Fries and it was good!  The service here is exceptional and the view from my hotel was breath taking!  Totally recommend this hotel if you want to be walking distance to everything and outstanding service.
5	As Gold Card members, we have stayed at all levels of properties in the Hilton family and this was our favorite and best property.Downtown business district within walking distance to Old Montreal, Chinatown, museums, Metro (subway), shopping and eating.Everyone was friendly and exceptionally helpful.  The room was very comfortable with what felt like a new mattress and excellent bedding and decor.The people at the front desk were great! Local maps, recommendations, walking distances, solving any issue.The continental breakfast was more like a Sunday Brunch than continental.  Full spread of smoked meats, salmon, cheese, breads, bagels (Montreal bagels are smaller and fire baked not big and bloated), yogurt and fruit.Don't worry about not speaking French or using your rusty HS French.  Everyone spoke English not just in the hotel, but all over the city.  Go and enjoy!
3	This hotel perplexes me, it takes up a whole (and half) floor of the Bonaventure building, location is very central but you can only go up to the lobby from one side of the building. It would work if the building was really tall, but it is not.Good points:1) Executive rooms were really large with nice appointments like robes, slippers, a fridge and sheets were really really nice.2) Pool and people that actually use it3) They have a garden and outdoor space for a urban feel.Bad points:1) Hotel bar only opens certain hours, not really setup for a night cap, and it is pricey too2) The hotel seems small and it is a really weird layout. I might use this location again when I come back to Montreal.
4	Are you terrified of robots?   The reason I ask is because the layout of this hotel reminds of some futuristic community (as imagined by early 1970's film directors).  Everything seems Utopian, even though people are not wearing identical outfits, but you have a feeling that at some point some robots are going to turn vengeful and then all hell will break loose.But until that time, you can enjoy this futuristic,  funky, unique and dated property.   I kind of like it, just because it's so different.  This is basically a square with rooms on the outside square and paths radiating to the rooms from the center.  In the center you have dining options as well as their very cool pool.  There is also a little stream that circumnavigates the inner perimeter, although that is turned off in winter months.  I've stayed here twice and my rooms have been clean and comfortable both times.  I really like the gym as well.  It's clean and well equipped.  There are a few quibbles.  Wifi is super weak. There are only two elevators to get you to the lobby and they seem to be slow.  Also, this is the least disability friendly property in the world because there are all these little steps everywhere.  They look nice but if you had limited mobility or were in a chair, navigation would be difficult.However, the location is great.  You're close to the metro, shopping and sights and it is possible to navigate your way through most of downtown Montreal without ever setting foot outside.  This will always be my go-to property when I come to Montreal because it's so cool.  I figure if the robots are going to kill me, I might as well be comfortable.
1	When I come back to Montreal I will not be staying at this hotel. When I arrived to my room there was a very annoying rattling noise. I found that it was coming from the side lamp. After some fidgeting I was able to fix it. The floor in my room was dirty and I had to wear shoes when I walked around. The fridge was unplugged and smelled bad. I had to chill some water that I bought (that's another story) and when I plugged in the fridge it makes such a loud ringing buzzing noise that I figured out why the last guest unplugged it. The water in the shower seemded to run either Luke warm or scalding. When the other guests use their water it sounds like a moose is being slaughtered. Also the walls are so thin that you can hear the other guests in their rooms and especially as they walk by in the hall. I had dinner at the hotel restaurant and I didn't receive what I ordered. This hotel does not provide complementary water to it's guests. Only if you are an honors member. I booked through my company which has a contract with Hilton and I should be considered this type of member and provided a free breakfast and complementary water. Nope. I had to pay over $7 for a liter of water. It is just ridiculous. I will not be coming back.After informing the front desk about some of the issues with my room she said she would send maintenance to my room. Then as I walked away she proceeded to make a joke about it with the next guest.I got back to my room today after a long day of work and my hair brush is misteriously missing. I've never lost anything at a hotel let alone my hair brush. This is getting even worse.
4	Business trip brought me to Montreal. Room was clean and contemporary. Bed was comfortable. Coffee was really good that hotel served at business meetings. I would recommend hotel for business travelers. Close walking distance to sights.
5	You want to stay here,The hotel begins on the 23 floor or something - and goes down.  I got a room that faces the pond (see picture).  There is a heated outdoor pool that appears to be open in winter. You have diamond status?  You have the comp room and beakfast/drinks/etc.This is NOT a cookie cutter hotel.  This hotel has character.  Rooms are big and beautiful, you are walking distance from everything.  Don't bother renting a car.
3	Nice Locations,clean Place,Good Staff
4	I really enjoyed my stay here and would recommend it for the following reasons:-Located right above the Bonaventure Metro station-Despite being above the subway, you don't hear anything as you are 30 levels above.-Rooftop pool and garden-Located in downtown and 10 minute walk from Old Montreal.-Very friendly staffWhile these all contributed to my enjoyment, a few things need improvement such as:-The restaurant has horrible food.  French onion soup too salty and chorizo too chewy.  -Could be more wheelchair accessible as there are stairs all over the place.Regardless, this is a very convienent place to stay and have excellent staff.  However, skip the food and walk a few minutes to find much better.
4	I stayed here with a group of friends for the week around New Years and it was a really good experience.  The goods:- Hotel staff was courteous and helpful.  There was always someone around to help you out - whether you needed directions or someone to help you with your bags.- Location, location, location!  The hotel was right above the Bonaventure Metro station and just a short walk away to either downtown or Old Montreal.  The hotel also connects to the underground walkways, but they were a bit confusing to navigate our first and second try.  Talk to the concierge if you have any questions - they'll point you in the right direction.- The outdoor pool:  When's the last time you went swimming outside when it was 8 degrees (Fahrenheit)?  I never have, so this was a real treat.  I heard they keep the water at 86, which is a little cool but manageable if you keep it moving.  Your hair starts to freeze within minutes...it's awesome...definitely check it out!- The rooms:  the bed is awesome, like sleeping on a cloud (also see below for the not-so-goods).The not-so-goods:- The layout of this hotel is so confusing!  I guess it's a split level and there's a ton of stairs.  I highly recommend letting the bellhops help you with your bags if they're heavy since they have some sort of secret back way to get to the rooms.- The bar.  SO OVERPRICED.  I paid $13 for a beer and it wasn't even a good beer.  I know this is the norm for hotels, but I just wanted to throw it out there.  Highly suggest you walk the 10 minutes to Les 3 Brasseurs or Bier Market instead of wasting your moolah in the hotel's bar.- The rooms:  the bathroom is pretty small and the hot water is hit or miss (but I guess I can understand if the whole hotel is using it when it's super frosty outside).  Also there aren't many places to put your stuff if you're a fan of unpacking like I am.- WIFI:  if you're using the free WIFI, it fades in and out.  Really annoying, but it's free so there's that.Overall, we had a great time with this hotel.  I would definitely stay here again in the future and recommend it to all of you Yelpers.
