1	I don't usually mind going to Walgreens.  They sometimes have what I need and it is a small enough store that I can find it quickly.  And there is hardly ever a line.  It is basically clean.  all this I say speaking of an overall company wide experience.  This store though, on Centennial Center Blvd, was a disgusting venture.  I needed to use the restroom. My car was in the shop and Walgreens was near.  I could not believe the filth in that restroom.  The floor was spotted and sticky.  There was toilet paper all over the place.  The toilet in the stall was unflushed and covered with multiple seat covers trying to hide the filth.  Had I not been in an urgent situation I would have turned out and left.  I had to deal with the filth though.  So I flushed the previous persons waste before hand and bit the bullet.   I felt so gross leaving there.  It was horrible.  The managers ought to be ashamed of themselves for letting their facilities get so bad.
1	Today I needed to change pharmacy because my current one will not, for whatever reason, give out the birth control Junel (they use to, but then switched to Micro-crap). Ever since taking Micro-crap I have been getting huge cysts on my ovaries which was NEVER problem with Junel, or a problem before taking any pill. S now I have to have the name brand Junel only, and so I went off to Walgreens thinking they would have it.Well they don't. But this is not a review on what they have or don't have; this review is on the horrible service of the so called pharmacist there. First off he goes into a five minute rant about how Micro-crap and Junel are the SAME thing, deriving from Loestrin. Well, I am not a doctor nor a pharmacist, but if that were true then both filled perscriptions would say "generic for Loestrin". They don't. Only Junel says that. Micro-crap says it is generic- FOR JUNEL!Whatever. I will ignore this, I thought at the least. Until he asks why on earth my doctor would specify for Junel only. "Because Micro-crap gives me cysts.""Well that has nothing to do with birth control."....Excuse me? It doesn't? Well by god I have ben wasting my time at the doctors, when here in this Walgreens is a man who knows all about my ovaries and give FREE medical service! I will quickly fire my GP and come to you dear sir for all my medical needs.But wait, he is not a DOCTOR. Honestly what the hell is problem? He then went off about my doctor and cysts, and I left. A simple "No, we don't carry that." would have sufficed. But no, he had to be a jerk about it and talk down to me and my doctor, who I will take over his crazyness any day.
2	It's your typical crappy convenient store. Get in get out quit fucking about. Though I did have to wait in line an extra few minutes cause the people in front of me wanted to buy 934724 bottles of fabrics softner and had a gazzillion coupons for it, yet failed to speak english. Perfect.
