5	it nice to have finally find a shop that is honest, fast and fair in price.  the dealer told me i needed $2000 of work on my BMW but mike at Mp motorwerks was able to do it for $1500,  and i got my car back in one day.  that was great.   Mike is my new mechanic.
5	I needed a good shop to fix my Mini- saw the great review for MP Motorwerks here on Yelp. I brought my car here today and was soooo impressed- they are friendly and professional. the shop is clean, and they took the time to explain what my car needed and why. the prices are more than fair (way below the dealership) and my car is running beautifully. It's so nice to be treated well at an auto shop when you're female. I will bring my car back to this shop- they have made a permanent customer out of me!!!
5	I love going to the dealer for service. If you want your car to operate the way it was intended and as long as intended, you should go to the dealership. What I don't love about the dealership is paying dealer prices and service charges. So if my car isn't new and isn't under warranty, funk that! I'm taking it to a local mechanic!Now choosing the right mechanic is a task in itself. A mechanic isn't just a serviceman. A mechanic is an ally you build relationships with. A good local mechanic will treat you right. Most items will come with suggested service and every mechanic will "suggest" certain repairs. Many people will complain and assume they're trying to get ripped off when in fact, some just don't understand the maintenance required for an older car.  Belts, hoses and stuff wear over time. So while you've gotten a motor opened up, why not replace the gaskets? I am not a mechanic, but I know enough about cars to make some my own repairs. My problem is laziness, but that's a separate discussion. MP Motorwerks is a shop I trust and they've never steered me wrong. I've had repairs done on an old 5 series with 279k miles here. I've also had some repairs performed on my 85k mileage Mini. While the prices aren't as cheap as repairing a Honda, it was definitely more affordable than the BMW dealer.
5	When my wife started having problems with her Mini it was very usual. It was very low mileage for a 2007 (22,000) and we hadn't had any problems up tot this point. We brought it to the MINI dealer and they said it was a 20.00 seal that could be fixed but they'd have to take the engine out to get to it. So of course we didn't do that. We brought it to our local mechanics who did what they could, made the noise kind of go away and gave us a little bit of relief from thinking the worst.Then we found Mike on Yelp. We brought it in, he asked us right away if it made a certain noise, of course it did, and he knew exactly what it was, how much it would cost and how long to fix it (and it was less than replacing the seal). Well Mike had it in his shop, gave us several updates during the time he had it and then called to say it was ready.It hadn't run like that since the day she bought it. Mike is great. MP Motorwerks is now our go to shop and we wouldn't feel right bringing it to any other place.If you have a problem with your MINI or other foreign car, please take the time to bring it to Mike. The results will be incredible, affordable, and you'll be back to driving happily before you know it.
