3	Straight outta NY.  Get decent deli and all the attitude you would expect.  They use Boar's Head meat which is top quality, but the bread is in need of a change.  Hot pastrami is especially good if available as a daily special.
4	Pretty consistently good.Try a hot brisket wedge with tomato and lettuce - skip the cheese. It's available Mon, Wed, Fri.
4	Lunch was good! Made the mistake of asking what was in the Italian combo sandwich though... The reply in a strong NY accent: "Don't ask questions like that when you come to a NY deli" I laughed and ordered the Sandwich. He never told me what was in it but I had a good idea...This is a nice location and has both inside and patio seating. I decided to sit inside because the patio was pretty crowded. Good buzz in this place. It was fun listening to the guy at the counter greet people.My sandwich was good and really liked the bread. I will definitely go back and probably try the meatball sandwich next. As I was leaving, I saw the guy making one and it looked pretty good. Rinaldi's definitely has some big balls!?!?!?!!? Wait, That didn't come out right...Give this place a shot... I don't think you'll be disappointed.
4	this is the real thing, no frills. boars head, deli salads, brisket, balls. accept no substitutes--rolls are just right for these hoagies. flavorful and soak up whatever sauce goes with your meat.--MEAN beef brisket--meatballs and sauce. ooh the sauce.--sausage and peppers. oh, which one to pick?--trio salad of egg salad, chicken salad and tuna salad on a plate of lettuce. Italian dressing has mild vinegar.--great deli salads. take your pick: broccoli and cashew, macaroni, potato, they're all tasty--three fridges of beverages. all the flavors. take your pick.--service with the kind of New York 'tude you'd expect from a place like this.--casual and small dining area, some tables outside too, but not when it's summer.It's worth the drive.
1	This mouthy Dago needs a lesson in customer service. Plus he treats his help like crap. ( A true test of an asshle owner) You idiots that pass off this poor behavior as New York -ese  should go back there.
2	Decided to try something, 'new', to me at least. I've passed by this spot on multiple occassions and it seems to have a steady flow of foot traffic, so I took the commitment of actually walking in and checking out their menu selection. The pricing is a bit odd, for the most part all their sandwiches are priced the same, but they had about 20+ sandwiches listed with 2 prices- based on size. I decided to keep it simple and got the pastrami with mustard and pickles. All their deli meats are Boars Head, which Is a pretty good brand overall. The sandwich was good but I was a lil disappointed that it wasn't hot, more less warm. They give you a small bag of Wise chips with the sandwich which are alright but not the greatest. After spending $9 on the sandwich and a drink I felt a lil cheated, don't think I got my moneys worth but it wasn't a bad sandwich.
5	I love Rinaldi's deli. I feel at home here! Great place and great food. I recommend the max burro with sausage. The sausage and peppers is great as well! Can't go wrong with this place!
4	A couple of things to know about this place.One, never show up wearing Red Sox gear.  Two, get the breakfast burrito.  They are among the best you'll have.
4	Rinaldi's never lets me down!I love their turkey sandwiches with honey-mustard...it's delish. That's all I've ever had and all I'll ever get! :)
5	1. Rinaldi's has the best breakfast burritos in town, bar none. If you like potatoes, get the "Max Burrito," as in "Bacon Max," "Sausage Max," or "Chorizo Max." Literally life-changing.2. If you get the burrito, dip it in the garlic salsa. You may need a breath mint afterwards, but sooooo worth it.3. If you're in the mood for sandwiches, Rinaldi's uses nitrate-free Boar's Head meats, and the freshest rolls. Cannot be beat.4. They also make a huge variety of delicious hot italian food, which I have personally brought home for dinner several times (including one very auspicious Christmas).5. This is one of the last true home-town, locally-owned, non-chain businesses. They've always gone the extra mile, and they deserve our support! :)
3	I've stopped by this Deli for lunch and breakfast.  When I came for lunch, I ordered a 10" Italian Sandwich ($6.79)http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/UkqdcwYv6_c-yW1JPCKlUA?select=FvhTfKVsGt5FXtfjL7dgEwhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/UkqdcwYv6_c-yW1JPCKlUA?select=qaOSRK-FMOUZgooSqY8R4wThe Sandwich was very difficult to eat because it was served open-faced with the Meat pushing the Bread open....very strange as it made it difficult to fold back over and hold.  Also, they douse the bread with the Oil/Vinegar, so it gets soggy and breaks apart....WTH?  The taste was pretty good, but the experience sucked.  You can see what I'm talking about in my pics.The 2nd time I stopped here, it was to try their Breakfast Burritos.....since the Max Burro was priced at $4.29, I only ordered 1 because I thought it would be huge....I was wrong, it was just a Med sized Burrito.  It was pretty good....Eggs, Bacon, Cheese, wrapped in a Tortilla.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/UkqdcwYv6_c-yW1JPCKlUA?select=8gpyTOcWz6BWYTxxTc-UnAI was disappointed with the size though.....I was still hungry after I finished it....bummer.  I didn't think the $4.29 was worth it...I think $3.50 would be a more appropriate price for a Med sized Breakfast Burrito.Overall, I think this place has potential....right now, it only gets 3 Stars from me.Return Factor - 67%
2	It was ok...Nothing special.  I ordered an italian sub, and it was served on a bun/roll...not the Italian bread that I'm used to.  I should have just gone to Jimmy Johns.
1	Just another typically Italian deli with Italian attitude. Can't have decent service or food when the owner is a cheapskate!The guy behind the counter was putting the chicken into my chicken parmesan sandwich when the owner says, "That's way too much take it off. What are you thinking?". Uhhh, Hello I am standing right here. That sandwich was all cheese, marinara and 4 SMALL SMALL chunks of chicken...It should be called a cheese pizza sandwich instead!Too many other italian delis to choose from to ever go back to this dump!
5	If you've ever lived or spent a lot of time out east it feels like you've flown 2000 miles upon walking in the door (and that's a good thing).  I just moved to town and this place is a favorite among my co-workers who brought me on my first day.  It is now one of my favorites as well.  In my weekly lunch rotation for sure now and will be spot  Great quality deli meat (Boar's Head), fast service.  Get the spicy mustard!
3	Italian sandwich - tasted good, but wow - way over priced.  It was basically a hamburger bun with meat and cheese on it.  This joint is small, but charming.  The guy behind the counter needs a lesson (several?) in customer service.  There's "New York Style Schtick" and then there's just plain asshole.  This guy was asshole with a capital ASS.  He seemed to be very rude with the kitchen guy and gal.  When a customer walks into a place, they should feel like they are welcomed .... not like they rudely interrupted someone's personal time.  That's what I felt like after I left there - like somehow I burdened them by ordering their tiny sandwich.  Oh well.  These types of places are a dime a dozen.  Good luck, Rinaldi's.
1	This place is for people whose palate has yet to evolve beyond Spaghetti-Ohs.Deli products are overpriced.And the sandwiches are as disappointing as my effort in the bedroom. Not really.Yeah...really.[sigh]
5	THE BEST BREAKFAST BURRITO IN AZ!!! Don't forget the cannoli for dessert!!!!
2	I went here for lunch and spent $9.30 for a regular soda and a hot chicken parmasean sandwich. The meal was served with a small bag of chips. I was underwhelmed by the presentation and taste of the sandwich. I'm used to the bread being toasted. So the only part of the sandwich that was heated was the chicken and sauce. I left this place hungry and disappointed by the taste of the sandwich as well. Maybe this place should just stick to the deli side of the business.
1	I've been to Rinaldi's several times now. To me, it's one of those places that after the first bite, I get annoyed at myself for not remembering how disappointing it was the last time and wonder why I'm back.Let's cut to the chase. This place in essence is really no different than the deli counter at the low end food store down the street from wherever it is you live - and let's be honest, places like Safeway make a point of a good deli counter and put this place to shame - all at a lower cost.Don't be fooled by the quintessential "New York" decor on the walls such as a photo of downtown NYC and a poster of Italian movie mobsters. I lived in New York and this is not a real NY deli. This place wouldn't make it through opening weekend.2 slices of deli meat on a thin bed of shredded lettuce, and a layer of mayo on a crumbly hoagie roll does not transport me back to Mulberry St. The two stars are awarded to their breakfast burritos. It's pretty hard to mess up eggs.
5	Such a great North Scottsdale gem.Everything is delicious but especially breakfast. The breakfast burritos here -- uhh max burrito with bacon = eggs, potatoes, bacon is such a great hangover food. The croissant with ham or sausage and egg is greasy but oh so good. (It's really greasy, it soaks through the paper bag).Love this place and the owner. If you're not from the East Coast, don't be offended when he's short. It comes off rude to us in the Southwest and West Coast but it's just his NY swagga.
1	Rinaldi's is right by my workplace and I have always wanted to try it. I finally did today, and will not be going back. The chicken parmesan sandwich I bought was awful. It looked and tasted like they put cheese, bread crumbs, and tomato sauce in a blender and squirted the mix on bread. You wouldn't think it was a chicken parm. sandwich. Where is the chicken?It is also very expensive. If I did not have to rush back for work, I would have said something. Please, save yourself money and time. It is gross.
5	I've been going to Rinaldi's for years. My dad used to talk about their sauce, brisket, meatballs, and breakfast items when he lived on this side of town.When I moved to Scottsdale I gave it a shot. I'm in almost every weekend now and cannot stay away. I am a big fan of their breakfast croissants but I also love their breakfast burritos with the homemade salsa.I always bring my friends to Rinaldi's when they are in town. It's not unusual for them to tell me later that they miss those breakfast sandwiches after they return home.
5	My favorite deli in Arizona.  Good deli meat and bread.  Even better meatballs and specialty sandwiches.  Love coming here even though the owner is a die hard New Yorker.  I am from Boston....
5	I work a couple doors down from Rinaldi's so I dine there often. I've read on here that a lot of people have taken issue with the owner and the customer service. I couldn't disagree more. They're very "New York" so don't expect the typical FAKE ass "nice to your face" Scottsdale attitude. When you get to know the Rinaldis you'll see, they are very warm, down to earth and caring folks and I absolutely love them. GET OVA YOSELVES!!! :-) Love the Rinadi's and their deli!! xoxo
5	In search of the perfect deli? Here it is!! I always get the maple honey turkey full sub with the works: lettuce, tomato, mayo and onion. It's $8 for that, some chips and a pickle. They slice the meat right in front of you it's so fresh! I love it. If you have any room left, go for the cannoli.
2	Chicken noodle soup was very salty! Rinaldi's needs to find a better way to secure the lids and/or provide the employees with rubber bands so that the lid is secure when you are taking it to go. Sadly, my soup went all over my car because the lid was not tight enough. The egg salad sandwich was delicious but was served rather messy when it was cut in half. I would only recommend Rinaldi's if you are really hungry and don't feel like going to a Subway.
2	Having this place close to where I work was a bonus, or so I thought!  We've ordered for delivery, plenty of times.  Food is decent, typical deli type food.  But, being a former New Yorker, I don't expect to get an attitude when you screw up my meal that I have had delivered.  They messed up my order and I was very nice about it and asked if they would just give me an IOU for a replacement next time I ordered.  They agreed.  So I took them up on their offer today.  When I called in, to have it delivered, since I am super busy, when I explained the situation, the girl on the phone was very nice and had to ask if they can accommodate me.  The man in the back said "I don't have time to deliver it! Tell her if she wants it to come and get it!"  So, reluctantly, I did.  When I picked it up, it was sitting on the counter and the man, who I take it as the owner, pretty much threw it at me. I very nicely said "Thank you so much"  Well, he said NOTHING and when I walked out, I said "Thank you again and I will have a GREAT day too!"  It's unfortunate that this is the only place in the Kierland Area who delivers salad, but I'm pretty much over this place and the New York Attitude.
5	This is a perfect sandwich with a little ny attitude.  It doesnt  get better for an east coaster. Only if Boston losses the world series.  Boreshead meat. This is how a sandwich is supposed to be
1	We are so over this place!  We have been ordering delivery from them for several years and they get 2 out of 3 orders right, but we like thier food and don't believe in quitting a place because of a few isolated problems.  When you call back because something was missing or not right you get VERY bad attitude,  Today was the last straw, we won't pay for the staff and the owner to get rude with us over their mistake, menu in the trash!
3	Rinaldi's is a great NYC style deli I wish we had back in NM.  They serve up awesome subs with Boarshead meats. I also really enjoyed there pasta salad. Prices are also pretty cheap. This place is well worth checking out. By the way be sure you know what you want to eat before stepping up to the counter. The workers have an attitude for people who are not ready to order.
5	If you are looking for legit and authentic Italian food, you have to visit Rinaldi's.  this place runs a tight ship, has great service and the food is to die for.  Amazing pasta, salads and sandwiches.
5	If you are looking for legit and authentic Italian food, you have to visit Rinaldi's.  this place runs a tight ship, has great service and the food is to die for.  Amazing pasta, salads and sandwiches.  If you are a business rep that needs catering options for lunch meetings, give Rinaldi's a call.
1	Rude service mediocre food and slow delivery times. The breakfast burritos are good and they keep me coming back to this place. They do offer free delivery which is a plus. Most of the time the food is cold by the time it gets to you. Every time I try to get away from this place, they pull me back in. At the end of the day, the food is well priced, the delivery is free, and the burritos are still worth the wait. Why mess up a good thing? And that's that
1	Overprice and not very tasty.  Had a philly that was all grilled peppers with no meat. Won't be back.
1	This was one bad sandwich and not really an Italian Deli at all. They have a motto saying that they have "the biggest and best sandwiches", but what you get is exactly the opposite. The menu listed nothing Italian like Ziti, etc - it is just  a sandwich shop and not a good one at that. First problem on this Saturday was the cashier girl, who was new and did not know the answers to any questions we asked about the food. Who trained this individual? The next issue was the sandwich itself, but these 8 buck Wedge sandwiches are small, constructed poorly and somehow, the condiments of mayo, lettuce and tomato caused me alot of gas only 45 minutes later. This deli is a joke, not worth the money or the hype. The meat is Boars Head, but beyond that, some chains have better sandwiches than this place.
3	I have been here a few times.  Once for breakfast and the rest for lunch.  The 1st time I ate here I had the brisket sandwich and it was very bad.  The meat was beyond dry.  The other day I stopped in for breakfast and it was OK but nothing to write home about.  All and all I would say that this place is OK.  Some people that I work with like it a lot and some not so much.  I hope this helps.
2	To the owner Johnny, You know, I order from here often multiple times a week, as do at least 10-15 other of my co-workers. I love their food, however the customer service has gotten so horrible, I'm considering no longer ordering from here. I always order 1 of 2 things ususally. However, 75% of the time they forget the dressing for my salad, to the point that now the very nice driver checks first knowing where it is being delivered. Then today, I order a salald, no onions, add olives, like I do 1 a week. My salad came with onions piled on it, and no olives. I call a couple hours later when I realize it, while on my lunch, since we placed a group order earlier today. While the lady who answered the phone offered to send me a new salad (I can't eat onions, nor do I want a salad that's going to taste completely like onions now), and gets my info. 15 minutes later I get a call from who I can only assume to be the chef to complain about why I'm ordereing a new salad when all that was missing was olives. He was extremely disrespectful, and insinuated I was lying due to the time lapse (I have the salad still sitting right here waiting for them to come). After explaining multiple times that I ordered a salad with no onions and got onion, he finally reluctantly agreed to make me a new salad which should be here in another 30 minutes or so. I am just horrified at this customer service. Considering that my office places proably at least 20-30 orders a week alone, and have been customers there since July on a consistant level, they really need to step it up a notch!!!!!!! Or at least, back up to the notch it was at before.
4	First off, they had a signed picture of Young MC, which really started this place off on the right foot. I stopped in for a quick breakfast. I had an omelette, which was well priced for the size and the amount of vegetables and meat they used. The bread was lackluster for a deli. But the breakfast potatoes were great. A good place for a reasonable and quick breakfast.
5	We order these breakfast burritos to the office ALL THE TIME ! They are the best in town ! I'm not normally a breakfast eater but I sure eat these ! Flavorful , good soft crispy thin flour tortillas , excellent salsa .. And the delivery guy is always nice and smiley. They're all good but my fav is the Max Bacon ... Mmmm mmmmm good !
1	Overpaid dramatically for the terrible sandwich I received. Really bad sandwiches in this dump. I hate giving money to people who don't deserve it. Not good for the money. Not my thing. No sir I would not like another.
5	Their Max Burro Breakfast Burrito is BOMB!!!! So good! I always get the bacon one (or they have ham too I think) and the bacon is crispy! And thick! I don't like the paper thin kind some places offer. I'm picky. But seriously it's all about the SALSA!!! It's perfect salsa, I think. They sell it by the jar cause IT'S SO GOOD. Service is always nice and actually pretty fast too. I haven't eaten anything else from them but by far they have my favorite breakfast burrito in the valley! Oh, and did I mention it's less than $5?
5	Order their breakfast burritos from work all the time and they are delish. They deliver which is great bc it's a pain in the butt to leave work. So much better then the City Market Deli in our building. Big portions and a good price. Their salsa is also delish, love this place!
1	Today was my last visit. The customer service is consistently poor and in a day and age where the average consumer has a multitude of meal options in front of them, what really sets places apart is how they interact with patrons. When a manager/owner is rude, abrupt and downright disrespectful to customers, what is to be assumed except that they don't value their business. I do wish them luck as a mom & pop shop. I think we need more family run eateries in the Phoenix/Scottsdale area...but Rinaldi's? It'll be an uphill battle if they choose to continue to treat their clientele in this fashion. It's too bad.
5	We love the max bacon burrito. We love the Italian combo. Johnny is awesome. Who cares if you get a little attitude here and there. Get thicker skin people this isn't Disneyland.
4	If you are looking for a warm friendly place to eat breakfast/lunch with your family, just "fuhgeddaboudit" as you are in the wrong place. If you are looking for the best breakfast burrito in town and great Italian Combo than you've found the right spot!
4	Great go-to place for lunch.  The menu items are done well - mostly sandwiches and salads.  Owner is very friendly and takes an active role in the business. It seems like he runs the place well.
3	Great Italian sub, also the greek salad is good too.  Customer service not so great....  We do love supporting local businesses.  Restaurant was busy for lunch  but unkept, there were picture frames and extra stuff blocking tables and on tables, so we could barely squeeze into our table from boxes etc...
5	They have the best east coast style breakfast sandwich, you just have to order it with a fried egg instead of scrambled.
1	Three times ate there with my family three times went home vomiting!! Over priced!! Rude customer service .. Wow get real rinaldi deli!!
1	We order from Rinaldi's on a regular basis, about 2 to 3 times a week at our office. The only thing that really keeps us ordering is their food is pretty good. However they always mess up the order, a girl at our office is highly algeric to cheese (something we tell them EVERYTIME) and she asks for Italian dressing they always give her blue cheese. They are always leaving something off the order, or putting something in that we requested it not to be in the food, and they take so long to deliver, typically an hour, and we are about 5 minutes up the road.The most recent occasion that has finally made us draw the line with their terrible customer service was when we ordered lunch on Eat24, requested payment by cash and they charged the credit card on file. We told the delivery guy it was a mistake and it was supposed to be cash, so they said they would reverse the charge and we paid the driver cash. Well a week later and the charge is still on our account and when I spoke to the owner he was very rude and hostile with me when I was rightly frustrated that they were paid cash and didn't care to reverse the charge. He said he had to wait an hour to talk to his delivery guy, which I don't understand why over a week later this is just only now happening. I told him that I didn't appreciate the way they were treating us as customers who order from them at least 2 to 3 times a week. He didn't care at all. WORST CUSTOMER SERVICE.
2	So disappointed in the fact that their prices went up ; AND they took their chips away from the meals !!! 9 dollars for a turkey wrap plus no more chips ! Two thumbs down.
1	We ordered for the office and they dropped off at the front desk with no phone call. After to calling to find order the Manager says talk to you front desk we don't have time to call. We have over 500 employees and this is how he treats us. The Owner yelled at me. And said" do what you have to do" Tough New Yorker. Obviously he does not appreciate his customers. We are sending a company email to take out business elsewhere based on this experience. 15 other 1 star ratings on this  first page, based on the rude behavior, you can see this is a common theme, shame on the owner. Ego is expensive.
