3	I really only go to Showmars for the pitas, but they do have a good variety of quick food. I wouldn't go so far as to call it fast food, considering it takes a couple minutes for them to bring your food to your table. They're a Greek themed restaurant, but really have a good variety of options. It's a quick little stop for some good, cheap food. It is a chain restaurant though so you're gonna get the same stuff at every location.
2	I really, really want to like Showmars because it's local, but it's just kind of icky in the environment. It was probably a unique spot before they spread all over the area, but now that Charlotte is super-saturated, it's just not that interesting. The french fries are ok, I guess. The veggie pita is no good...clearly designed by someone who has never eaten food without meat on it. Maybe I was disappointed because I had high expectations, and maybe it's an alright place for the meat-eaters...but it's just not good for me. I haven't had a good experience, and I've been to a few locations. I won't be going back.
3	This was the first time I'd tried breakfast at Showmars.  Not sure how many of them are serving breakfast.  It might just be this location because of where they are located.I definitely agree that Showmars may have been better when they are smaller - what are they up to now, some 30 locations?  I'm happy for them and all, but they just lose something when they are no longer trying as hard.The staff is friendly enough, but it's not that much different from your typical breakfast service at any diner.
4	Here's a novel thought: when you get tried of waiting in line for a table at some of Charlotte's more well-known breakfast spots and you come to the realization that $10 for a couple of eggs and hash browns is a little too steep, come on down to the heart of Elizabeth and get with the program.This is as close to a neighborhood diner as you can get.  Very recently renovated inside, the light and color scheme is much brighter across the range of booths and tables that fill the space.  While there is a menu on the wall and a take-out counter, breakfast is table service and the truly Southern ladies who wait the tables will welcome you in and invite you to pick your own table.  I've never had to wait and I kinda like being able to pick out my own digs- is it a window kinda day, or do I want to bury into the back corner?Menus are on the table and they have all the regular breakfast staples.  Omelets, waffles. eggs your style, hasbrowns, and all the usual breakfast meats. While I usually skip the meat, I do appreciate the fact that turkey sausage is always an option.  Service is speedy and the ladies who constantly walk around will make sure your drink never goes empty or that your coffee always stays refreshed- no matter if they took your order or someone else did.  Now that's some customer service.  Another thing I really like is that they recycle newspapers from earlier guests.  I can usually find several whole local papers stacked up in a central location to be read and returned as "community paper."  I can get caught up on the affairs of the day and pass it on.What you'll really love here is that the prices are so easy on the wallet.  When both my wife and I can have a full breakfast for under $12, with tip, then I am amazed.  Try to find breakfast for one for under $12 at some of the "other breakfast places" around town- their biscuits may fly, but they will weigh your pocketbook down!Now this place, like all other Showmars, serves a lunch and dinner with plenty of Greek staples, including a pita burger.  I'll save that review for another time.  Just know that this location in particular has plenty of local color and the breakfast is a nice, relatively undiscovered gem of a breakfast spot right in the shadow of uptown.
3	This is a decent Showmars. Service is usually pretty good. Food is exactly what you would come to expect. Restaurant is always kept very clean.The parking lot can be a bit hairy depending on the time of day.
1	Decent service...horrible food. I can't for the life of me understand how this company is so successful. It could only be worse if it was yet another failed Greek attempt at Italian.
3	OK, it's Showmars.  So all you snobby food Yelpers need to take it easy.  You know what you're getting - the cute little old Greek guy on TV.  But it ain't all that bad.  This location on 7th Street is right next to a bunch of cool shops (Heroes, VisArt, Ho Ho Cherry House, Sunflour Bakery, Philosopher's Stone, etc.)  So make a day of it!And it's right next to a fun intersection - try not to get hit by a car, it's like playing Frogger.  Yep, you're the frog. Good luck!Service has always been great here.  They are sooooo nice.  Monday night, kids eat free with a paying adult.  And Jason Frame does magic at your table.  His card tricks are really good.  They also have a good variety of side dishes, unlike other Showmars around Charlotte.  I dig the fried okra.  They also have root beer to drink, which is always a bonus.
4	Always have been a fan of Showmars but never tried the breakfast there.  I wasn't dissappointed at all!  I had a turkey sausage, egg and cheese sandwich and loved it.  Along side of that I had a bowl of grits made perfectly.The service at almost every Showmars is what I think really sets it apart from other chains.  It's always friendly and I feel like they are eager to please.  Not for nothing, the stores are almost always very clean.It doesn't take a lot for me to be impressed but Showmars does it for me if I'm looking for something as close to fast food as I feel like getting without the terrible food of a typical fast food joint.
3	I have been to this location for breakfast for a few times.  Always super quick and friendly service.  There is a large parking lot for the restaurant and it gets hopping!I usually have eggs and turkey sausage or the biscuits and gravy.  Everything is always cooked well and comes out fast and hot.  The coffee is what you would expect - nothing fancy but does the trick.The prices are always reasonable and I have never had a bad breakfast here.  Thanks guys!
4	Every employee greets you and goes above and beyond to make sure you are having a great dining experience!!  The food is delicious and fresh.  VERY clean and in a cool location with other eateries & unique shops!!
3	Everybody loves Showmarssssssss... and it shows. The commercial is now stuck in your head. Oops. My bad.Now that this is my neighborhood 'Mars (why yes, I did just give Showmars a nickname), I get a little sad every time I come here. Why? Because it doesn't have Alex. He's my favorite worker at the Freedom Drive location.I love the Grilled Chicken Santorini. Tzatziki sauce makes everything better. I'm also a big fan of the Greek Grilled Chicken Salad. Not sure how healthy it is if you eat the entire bowl, though. You have to eat the bowl. It's a must. SHOWMARS ALSO HAS THE GOOD ICE. You know what I'm talking about. I think it's about time I make a "Good Ice List" on here. When I become president, I will make all restaurants carry the good ice. GOOD ICE FOR EVERYONE!
4	Great food real fast. Love their breakfast and their staff is efficient and friendly.
4	I can't believe I haven't written a review for here! This is my weekend breakfast joint. And it's a solid one. My fav: $4.99 Country Breakfast (2 eggs, bacon or sausage, and a biscuit covered in yummy gravy). A much more affordable option than John's and the likes. During breakfast time, this is more a "full service" place. Just take a seat and one of the ladies will stop by to take order. This one waitress somehow remembers me (or rather my odd way of drinking coffee... which is to half and half it with hot tea, topped off with creme and sugar) and is super sweet every time she sees me. You can always find some newspaper to read as well on the bench by the door. On a nice day, outside seating is quite enjoyable.
5	Pleasantly surprised!  1st time to Showmars.  The flounder is excellent!  We immediately received a warm welcome upon entering the restaurant. The food came quickly!  It was well prepared and delicious.  On my next trip to NC I will definitely stop here.
4	Love Showmars! Their food is always delicious! Customer service is satisfactory. Always a clean atmosphere.
