1	I rarely write Yelp reviews, and the few that I have written have been to praise exceptional service. Sadly, I feel compelled to write my 1st negative review because if I had read reviews prior to choosing this company, perhaps I would have found a different company and saved myself time and money. I saw this company on Sonora Living Live, so I assumed it was a reputable company. I called for a free service that was promoted on the show and ended up deciding to replace my entire AC unit because of a great financing deal that was available (I found out later that this is through Wells Fargo and not the company so you can get this great financing with many different companies). I was told that it would be a one day install process. To make a long story short, I wasted four full days of my time (over a several week period) for the job to be completed. And, it would have been much more, had I not made several calls to owner. All of the employees of this company who I dealt with were nice and respectful people.  The owners were also very nice and responsive. However, they were still unable to get appointments and services provided in a timely manner. I felt like I heard a lot of excuses, but those didn't help my situation. The excuses seemed to revolve around a small company that is growing too fast to keep up.  Most companies operate on the premise that "time is money". Well, that is true for the customer as well. We don't have days and days of our valuable time to waste. I was extremely disappointed with the timeliness of service with this company. I felt that I was stuck and at their whim once the job was started. I have serious concerns that I am left with this company for continued maintenance and service on a unit that I hope last for the next 20 years. I certainly can't waste more time waiting for scheduled appointments. I did not feel that my time was respected through the process of purchasing a new AC unit with this company. Time will tell if I received a good product with quality instalation (despite the extreme waste of my time that the install process took).  I feel that, if you do some research, you can probably choose a better company. I wish I would have done more research before making such a large financial commitment.
1	US air solutions LLC = US Air Services 480-994-1304 - as they have the same address it would appear!So. My fiance said they stuck the vacuums in. Took about 30 mins and left. They took the grills off and brushes that but didn't brush out the vents at all. It is not a 300$ value in our opinion. We could have stuck a vacuum in ourselves. That's all they did.This entire process has been ridiculously difficult and we are incredibly unhappy so we won't be using their services in the future. The Amazon deal was to pay $50 for a $298 service.First of all I was able to make the appointment with someone (that said eco air?)  but someone else called me multiple times only once leaving me a message - in that message stating I could not have the appointment (5 days before my appointment that I made 3 weeks prior). I confirmed with the guy from the email that my appointment with still on yet I received multiple phone calls after that. I finally called back not knowing who us air was and they told me that the technician could not come out between the scheduled time and did not have any other options really for me that were convenient. I also did not appreciate the way I was asked why someone wouldn't be around at 3 p.m. In the afternoon to which I replied that most people are working during that time.I told the girl that I would call her back and asked my fiance to call because I needed to get back to work. They left him on hold for a very long time and he decided to hang up. Today we received  a phone call from the technician stating that he could be on his way in 20 minutes and it was 230 in the afternoon. After they arrived they asked about the voucher and stated that it was only a $50 voucher and therefore there were certain services they would not do. I told my fiance that the voucher was $50 yes but the value was 298 dollars.So after the ridiculous scheduling debacle I guess I shouldn't be surprised they didn't really know what they were supposed to be doing when they came to my house. They also for some reason plugged into an extension cord I had and almost immediately blew the circuit.They ONLY vacuumed and brushes the vents - a $50 service according to the tech. He kept saying we only paid $50 so that was all we were getting. Which is funny, because it was worth $298. REALLY? So - I guess we got what we paid for. A few days later the company US AIR called to ask if the tech had come to visit. Why does no one know what each other is doing?Stay away!
1	Ended up paying $155 after we canceled service they had talked to my wife about doing. They were going to charge $900 to install a circuit board that I can buy for $76. I have changed this type of circuit board myself before. Told my wife they would  clean the coils and the capacitor needed to be replaced. Claimed it was a $200 capacitor. Exact same model on internet site for $8.98. They put in the capacitor and never ran the A/C but just a few hours later they refused to take it back because it was "used" now. Ended up paying $90 for the capacitor that they originally said was $200. Advice? Check around. Look parts up on line. Companies list the same OEM parts (new) and list prices. They will say they provided maintenance contracts etc, but I have a copy of the invoice. Never fixed the unit, because I wasn't paying them $900 but yet try to sell a maintenance agreement?? Seriously. Shame I wasn't home at the time.By the way. I also had them do the vent cleaning earlier in the year. It was a joke. Too bad my wife didn't realize this was the same company.
1	SCAM!!!My husband and I had a terrible experience. We purchased a coupon on living social for $45. Here is what it says the coupon covers: $45 ($249 value) for whole-house air duct cleaning (Includes cleaning of unlimited supply ducts, one return vent & one return dryer vent.) And the coupon is under the name Expert Air Duct Pros. My husband scheduled the appointment and they made us schedule 2 months out, as they didn't have any openings earlier. Then they called 5 times within 3 days and on the day of the appointment trying to cancel and reschedule the appointment. There were several excuses, "the tech is over booked", "the tech had a family emergency", "they no longer were available at that time", "they again had to change the time". Finally the tech showed up his name was Issac, very thick European accent with a shirt on that said US Air Solutions and his paperwork said Mr. Duct Cleaning. Before even looking at the system or starting to work said the coupon doesn't cover everything we need done, it will cost more money to do everything, and then tried to only clean the return vent instead of what we paid for which is listed above. Then he called the manager. The manager was extremely rude and argumentative. We scheduled and rescheduled appointments to accommodate them and they left without doing any work. The coupon is very clear on what it covers, I will never recommend this company to anyone! SCAM!!**To my knowledge you are using 5 different company names**"Expert Air Duct Pros"  Name on the livingsocial coupon along with a website"US Air Services" Name on this yelp account"Mr. Duct Cleaning" Name on techs paperwork"Blue Sky Air Solutions" Name employee gave me over the phone"US Air Solutions" Name employees gave me over the phone, name on the techs shirt and was used in a reply to another customer here on yelp along with the name US Air Services.Spoke to the NEW owner of US Air Solutions LLC. and from what he described and told me they are affiliated with this company that is scamming people. The previous owner and/or employees are still using there old company name US Air Solutions along with all the other names I listed!
1	This company is being ran under multiple names in multiple states. I have called or been called by multiple numbers... Some of the name include: US Air Solutions (which they sold a year ago to a company that only does HVAC no duct work... but still tell customers is there name)US Air DuctsCustomer Air SpecialistsUS Air ServicesExpert Air Duct Pros And probably many more.... This is their MO.... Sell a cheap $45 service on groupon, living social, amazon local, yipit, etc. They then send a contracted tech out to prey on their clients, the tech only gets paid for whatever he up-sells, the tech will up sell you on anything even if you don't need it. In my case he said he needed $300 more before even doing any work or looking at anything. He then says that he won't do the work of the coupon/voucher I purchased. This company is looking for weak clients to prey on and take advantage of. It took 8 phone calls to find this name, however, they are run by many other names as well. I wouldn't be surprised if they have more then 15 names. They don't tell the truth. Even the Owners receptionist didn't know US Air Solutions had been sold, and was still telling me that, that was their name. Then Wayne who bought US Air Solutions, contacted me and told me that they are not affiliated with this scam. The owner Ray also told me that they still use the name US Air Solutions because they still  have coupons coming in with that name on them, however, the reason why, is they are still being sold. DO NOT DO BUSINESS WITH THIS COMPANY!!!
1	UPDATE:My husband was called by the owner of this scam! His name is Ray, he said he doesn't work directly with the techs, he just gets paid the coupon amount from livingsocial, groupon, and any other coupon sites and the techs that go on the service call only gets paid when they sale additional services and that is the only way the techs make money! TOTAL SCAM!!! He also is doing this under several company names including U.S. Air Solutions, he is NOT affiliated with U.S. Air Solutions. The real US Air Solutions doesn't even do air duct services they only do air conditioner services! Since they "outsource" all of the techs I think this might be part of the reason there are so many different company names. Another name I found (6 total now that I know of) out about from the owner Ray: "Custom Air Specialists LLC" this company is based in Nevada, from what I have found they are doing this scam in several different states! Now Ray did offer to send us a refund, which we are glad he is doing that. But this is still a total scam, the old bait and switch.Oh, and like other complaints I have read he claims he will no longer work with the tech who was sent to our house. His name was Isaac his paperwork said Mr. Duct Cleaning, his shirt said US Air Solutions, and he has a very thick European accent. I saw another complaint on here that described the tech that was sent to there house that sounded like the same one that was sent to our house. And the "manager" said they would fire that tech, so who knows if they are being honest about not working with Isaac anymore.
1	I got this "deal" through Groupon for Full HVAC System Air-Duct Cleaning Plus Dryer-Vent Cleaning and A/C or furnace. for US Air Solutions (The Voucher reads: cleaning of; unlimited air vents; and dryer-vent cleaning ................... Choose between A/C or furnace unit checkup). (NOT NEEDED) Made the appointment and two men came to my home I notice something wrong was the 'cleaner device': It was rather small with medium sucking power. What amazed me was the fact that this machine was put in only ONE ROOM vent - the kitchen. It was there quite along time but - how can one vent - clean all vents in the house? it didn't have enough sucking power to get the 'dust' from any duct or vent.After mentioning to them, they disregarded my opinion, saying that 'this is the way its' done. No race intended - this Hispanic gentlemen worked the whole time they were here - but on the one air duct. However, the causation man just walked around. He did turn the temperature for air flow. He did remove a vent or two but no cleaning - as stated in coupon. I got concerned since I did not see him doing anything. Went into the utility room and he was standing there - I asked about the dryer vent ? And he said it was done LIE. I thought how could he do it when he did not move the dryer ? -Dryer top was totally full of things. a reliable contractor returned and told me THIS WAS NOT DONE.After getting down from the ladder - the wanderer proceeded to show me a picture on his phone of dirty ducts - and said they were mine UPSALE Furthermore, he said I needed DEEP CLEANING at a cost of $200 a duct - recently had these inspected so this was a lie - somebody else ducts in the picture. I had the choice of a furnace or A/C inspection. I said I have a contract with an excellent service company - the wanderer - insisted he look at it - but put my foot my foot down. UPSALE - the wanderer said they had an air filter unit they could sell me. I showed him my unit and said it was the best in the business - when I purchased my unit i was given a comparison of others on the market - none of this was provided. - THIS BUSINESS IS NOTHING BUT A SCAM - THEY SELL GROUPON DEALS FOR LITTLE MONIES AND ARRIVE WITH NUMEROUS ITEMS AND SERVICES NOT NECESSARILY NEEDED. ALL FOR HUNDREDS OF DOLLARS MORE!I HAVE A HOME BUSINESS SELLING COINS. I WAS IN THE PROCESS OF SHIPPING TWO COINS OUT TO SHIP ON SATURDAY. AFTER THIS CREW LEFT - THE COINS WENT MISSING ! THESE TWO WERE PLATINUM GRADED COIN PR70'S "PERFECT" - HAD A VALUE IN EXCESS OF $1100 TO $1200. I COMPLAINED TO GROUPON AND THEY SAID THEY COULD DO NOTHING. I WAS IN CUSTOMER SERVICE FOR OVER 22 YEARS. I BELIEVED THAT I COULD READ ALMOST EVERYONE - BUT IF NOT END OF RELATIONSHIP. POOR SERVICE NOT AS DEFINED, TRYING TO SELL SERVICES AND EQUIPMENT NOT NEEDED - AND WORST OF ALL STEALING POSSESSIONS - OF COINS WITH A VALUE IN EXCESS OF $1100 TO $1200. SEEING SO MANY BAD REVIEWS ( ONE STARS) ABOUT US AIR SOLUTIONS  THIS BUSINESS GIVES OTHER BUSINESSES A BAD NAME - AND SHOULD BE CLOSED DOWN ASAP!!!
1	There's not an option for no stars.....but this company has no customer service or professionalism.  DO NOT BUY.
