4	The Paper Place on Marshall Way is a great spot for finding the perfect stationary or designing an invitation for an upcoming event. They have lots of little gift ideas that are perfect finds for hostess gifts for anytime of year, as well as beautiful Filo-Fax binders and supplies for your 2008 time management/organizational needs.
4	this is a great little independent specialty business, and i've shopped here for many years.  I have a sister who writes poetry, and nieces who write lots of things, and the cards and stationery and specialty paper items here are unique and very good quality.  perfect little gifts that look very special.
1	I wanted to check this place out for nice colored paper that would be used to make escort cards for my wedding. When i went it, i defintiely liked all the stuff they had there, but it took them forever to even acknowledge me. Someone finally said hi from behind the counter, but didn't ask if I needed anything and seemed more interested in what she was doing behind the counter. I made it to the back where they had racks of paper, but i wasn't seeing what i wanted. A few more sales ladies came into the store from the back and one asked if she could help me. Finally!I explained that I was looking for thick but pretty card stock to use for cutting out bird silhouettes for my escort cards. As this sentence was leaving my mouth, the look on her face changed to absolutely disgust. When i finally got through asking if she'd be able to help me find the right paper, or any suggestions on how to make this work, she said "Yeah, don't cut out bird shapes! It's going to look homemade and you'd be better off just buying some colored feathers." And that was it. At no point did she offer to point me to a different paper, or discuss the possibility of bird shaped stamps. No, no. You're idea is trashy and gross and the thought of talking to you anymore about it makes me want to vomit.The reviews about them being snotty and rude are absolutely true. I would never step foot in this store again.
5	My wedding would have been a disaster without The Paper Place. I got married in Scottsdale but planned the wedding from my home in Milwaukee. I was really nervous about having to do long-distance planning, but the women at The Paper Place guided me along the way. Not only did they create custom Save-the-Dates for me within two weeks, they double checked my mailing addresses, picked up bridal stamps, and sent them all in the mail without me having to lift a finger. They helped with so much beyond what I thought I needed (i.e. Save the Dates, Invitations and Thank You Notes). Who knew you needed escort cards and gift tag bags and dessert bar labels?! They did, and without them I would have been lost. Everything we had was beautifully created with custom calligraphy and the most gorgeous card stock. They even helped me with how to properly (and deliciously) word the courses on our menus  - and all of those consultations were free of charge, which was amazing.From only visiting them one time when I flew out to book our venue, to having a stress free experience via phone and email, to having our guests comment on the invitations, I just can't thank them enough. We have a framed invitation hanging in our home and I am so happy that The Paper Place helped me create my dream wedding day! ...I will definitely go back for custom holiday cards!
5	I would highly recommend using the Paper Place. After two weeks of trying to track down the lady suppose to be making my wedding programs I finally spoke with her 4 days before I left town for my wedding and she tells me she cannot get my programs to me. After a quick search on Yelp I found the Paper Place right around the corner from me. I called and Judy answered the phone. I explained to her my situation and she without any hesitation said get here ASAP. Judy was the most wonderful person to work with she took so much pride in what she did and in making my 45 small wedding programs. She was able to match my invitations and even came up with a great idea for the programs for my parents. If you are planning a wedding or any type of event go to the Paper Place and ask for Judy she will not let you down!!!
3	I love paper and I was happy with my experience. I like the selection of singles and cards. I don't live in the area but thought it was a nice place to visit. I didn't have much interaction with the staff but enjoyed the walk through and the purchase of a couple of items.
5	I had my daughter and son-in-law's wedding invitations made at The Paper Place. I stopped in one afternoon after work and sat down with Judy. About an hour later the invitations were chosen and I was ready to get the OK from the future bride and groom. They live on the east coast so things got a little tricky. Judy never blinked an eye. She has great ideas, impeccable taste and is beyond patient. She knew the exact colors we were looking for after I briefly explained my daughters color scheme. We wound up having Judy make the menus, gift tags, welcome bag tags and place cards. The quality of the paper they sell is beautiful. Their color selection is great and everyone who works there is friendly and extremely helpful. I highly recommend The Paper Place to anyone looking for invitations for their special event. Many thanks to Judy and The Paper Place for helping us set the tone for what was to be a truly magical night...one we will never forget!
2	Came in looking for envelopes for our wedding invitations.  They had a great selection of different papers, envelopes, and other fun items.  We found some envelopes that we liked, but we wanted to see if they had them in any different colors.  The salesperson told us to come back the following day to speak with Nancy about ordering some.  We did, and when we met Nancy she seemed irritated to have to meet with us.  She was dismissive, crass, and short with us... everything you would NOT want in a salesperson.  She said the envelopes did not come in a different color (though she didn't bother to check), suggested a smaller envelope, and when we told her our invites wouldn't fit in smaller envelope, she made it sound as if it were OUR fault (and told us, in a not-so-nice manner, to just trim our invitations down).  She absolutely did NOT go out of her way to help the customer. Needless to say, we had no interest in doing business with them after that and bought our envelopes elsewhere.Nice store, nice selection, but they have one horrendous salesperson that knocked my rating down at least two stars.
4	Live and love local! That's exactly what I got to do when I recently visited Paper Place. After an error with my Etsy order for engagement photos, I was at the 11th hour and in need of a replacement. Not only did I find it, but the staff went above and beyond with their customer service! They were extremely friendly, willing to help and really made me feel like I was a part of The Paper Place family. Beyond customer service, the products here are phenomenal. They have a large selection of paper products including pre-made cards as well as made-to-order stationary. They also have several novelty items that are perfect for a gift! This has definitely become my go-to store for gifts and paper!
3	This place kind of reminded me of a Hallmark store when we 1st walked in....except w/out all the cards. They have shelves full of different themes of invitations, stationary, pens, candles, etc. They even have an Anne Taintor section! We bought a few kitchy little gifts, including a super cute Christmas card for a friend.The ladies here are *very* chatty, so I wouldnt recommend coming here if youre in a hurry.
4	Paper Place to the rescue! When planning my wedding, the 11th hour was quickly approaching and we needed to get ceremony programs created stat. I knew that the Paper Place could come to the rescue and they did! I worked with the entire staff and they were friendly, helpful and got the job done just in the nick of time! The programs turned out beautifully and they were the perfect addition to the wedding. Thank you Paper Place!
5	We used them for our open house invitations and they did a hand drawn rendering of our home and it was beautiful. They mailed and took care of everything.
3	This establishment has some really cute gift items. You can find some beautiful stationary. However, the card selection is ok, but small. Sometimes it's nice to have lot of choices for cards to find the perfect one. The  customer service is fair.  The few times I've been there, all the employees seem to be very busy doing other things besides helping customers.  I think they get excited about the large wedding planning section in the rear of the store.  To their credit,  all the custom work was well done.
5	Love this store!  The Paper Place is a rare find. Whenever I need a gift or I am looking for an idea, this is the place I go. They always offer a nice variety of fun things to choose from, whether I am looking for a birthday, graduation, hostess, thank you or wedding gift. I also always order my personal stationery here. They have a great selection of options, beautiful quality paper and the pricing is surprisingly good. The staff has been very helpful with  putting things together and offering up creative ideas. If you need to buy a gift, you are planning a wedding or a party of any kind visit this store
