4	Close to my house. Like all car places recommend service but that's it and won't push the issue further. Just the way I like it! Have lifetime alignment service on both cars here cause I always come back.
5	Honesty, Integrity, and Great Service here! Ask for the Manager, Mike. First time I was here, a customer stopped in just to thank the manager for the integrity of service the manager had given the customer's spouse. I've never seen that before! Stopping in just to thank the manager...? Wow! This is the place!
1	Watch out ladies, they will try to take advantage of you!! I called to ask how much for an oil change & was quoted $31.99. They mailed me a $10 off coupon so I thought I was getting a good deal so I scheduled an appt. When I showed up they talked me into getting an inspection. Since it was $14 I thought it was ok. Once I got home my husband looked over the paperwork they gave me & turns out they were going to charge me $72!!!  My husband went there & told them off for trying to take advantage of me. Needless to say I did not let them touch my car an would NEVER go back!
1	Liars! The guy we spoke too tried to nickel and dime us on things that are standard anywhere else. When we declined he chastised us. Then spoke to me like I was ignorant trying to cover his hustle. Not recommended!
2	They will try hard to sell you additional "recommended" services for a pretty penny.  I would like them to find what's really needed for my car and recommend that. The customer service was demeaning and rude.
1	Not going here ever again. I just moved to Arizona from Florida and of course I needed to get an oil change and tire rotation after such a long drive. They told me they changed the oil but they were having a hard time getting the oil filter valve out, and if they tried to take it out it may break and I would have to pay for a whole new one. First of all why the hell do I have to pay for a new one if the business broke it? I did not break it, Firestone did! Therefore, to keep a happy customer you must realize your mistake and replace the oil filter free of charge. Even the other customers in the waiting room agreed with me and thought how messed up it was for them to want to charge me. I was being profiled because I am a young woman basically, and I taught these Firestone mechanics a lesson...I am not one to be messed with. I will not be returning to this Firestone ever again, or even Firestone for that matter. I am going to a mechanic that wants to earn a reputation and does not deal with money grubbing corporate bull. I called up everyone I knew about this matter and they were also disgusted. NEXT TIME FIRESTONE REALIZE IF YOU BREAK SOMETHING YOU REPLACE IT! DO NOT EXPECT THE CUSTOMER TO HAVE TO PAY FOR YOUR MISTAKES! ALSO NEVER MESS WITH A BIPOLAR GIRL!
