1	Packed up the kids and headed down to try a new pizzeria. Called in the afternoon they said they would be open until 10 PM. Pulled up at 7 PM and they said sorry we are closed.
4	Fresh and many choices! Cooked and made to your liking. Overall it's pretty good. Still doesn't compare to Spinato's or Oregano's. Would come again if the wife was out of town, quick and easy
4	The staff was nice n friendly. Pizza was good. Need a few more cheese options but they had pasta as well. I will come back for a good pizza with a friendly staff. Location does not have much foot traffic. Overall it was a good pizza with a friendly staff.
4	I have now been here 3 times since they opened. We were drawn to Pizza Five85 based on their offers of free and discounted pizza as they train staff and get the word out to the community. Overall, our feelings about this place are positive. The concept is great! There are lots of options of pizza toppings to choose from that can also be applied to pasta or salad if you choose.  We are able to feed three of us (two adults and one toddler) with one pizza, so that makes it less than $10 for a family meal, which is a great price. We ordered the pasta once for our daughter and it is a large portion that led to leftovers for her. On one of the free pizza days, our pizza was burned on the bottom, but that has not been the case for us since. This place is family-friendly with great potential. Sometimes it seems a little crazy there for staff but I think everyone is on a learning curve in the beginning. My only recommendations would be to add more veggie options like broccoli and artichoke hearts. It would also be helpful to identify where the line starts since you have two entrances. Keep up the good customer service Pizza Five85 and we'll keep coming back and recommending you to others.
1	The Jeff Spicoli lookalike behind the counter informed us that pizza five 85 is set up a lot like chipotle for Italian food. The idea is brilliant and they let you choose between a pizza, pasta or salad. You then get to pick all of the ingredients chipotle style. The ingredients range from meatballs, chicken, sausage, and a whole selection of vegetables. This all sounds awesome until you take a bite. This is by far the worst pizza and pasta I have ever tasted in my life, including the stuff I make at home and I'm a crappy cook. The marinara used for the pizza and pasta is laughable. It has this disgusting sweet taste to it that tastes like something you would expect from a Peter Piper Pizza or Chuck E Cheese. The pizza dough is pretty much a tortilla, that's how thin it is. When baked, it tastes like a nacho chip with pizza toppings on it.We ordered the bow tie pasta and it was soggy and overcooked. How do you mess up pasta at an Italian place??? I can't believe how bad this place is. If the word Pizza is in the name of your eating establishment, your pizza better be good. I will never return to this place. Such a shame! It has such a brilliant concept. Too bad the execution is so awful.
2	We decided to stop in for a late lunch. We were super excited because we love the competitor, Fired Pie a few miles away, also in Chandler. We were greeted right away which was nice. The space is very modern and cool looking. On the walls were TVs that showed Yelp, Facebook and Twitter feeds. Hint: Go right immediately in the door. It is open to guessing so if you go straight you are actually at the register, not the ordering area. It is tough to tell where to start when you walk in. We ordered a salad and pizza. We were asked if it was for here or to go. I said here. The salad then came from a cooler below the items you pick from -  in a to go container. If the salad is in a premade to go container, why does it matter where we ate it??  This should have been my first clue. We asked for regular sauce on our pizza and they kept insisting we put olive oil on it so it wouldn't burn. I said no to which the gal said, you can't taste the olive oil, it's just there. If you don't put it on it will burn. This should have been my second clue. I said no, I didn't want it.  I picked the toppings to my salad and we did the same for the pizza. The salad was ok but the chicken on the salad was extremely tough to chew. The pizza was ok but a little doughy in the middle. As we sat eating I watched a man clean the stainless steel with a chemical in a metal container and a rag. All above where the pizza gets cut . After another crowd of people came through I watched a second gentleman clean the stainless steel on the front of the oven doing the same. As we were leaving there was a man standing in the doorway to the back of the kitchen tucking his shirt into his pants. Food was meh at best. A couple employees were super nice and helpful while some appeared to be on their first day on the job, not so helpful and knew very little about anything. I asked what the Five85 stood for since the prices are $7.95 ( if I remember correctly). She said she didn't really know but it was probably just a name they made up. She didn't seem to know much about the company she worked for and had a very difficult time ringing us up. Can't say I would recommend this place or go back. Sadly, we were so excited too. Bummer.
1	First and foremost they suck and I believe them to be bait and switch artist!!! I was going to go to Chipotle next-door for dinner but the line was long (because it is good). The hawker on the side walk convinced me this was a Italian equivalent to Chipotle and they were running a special for $5.85 that was normally $7.75. DONE I'm in! First your sign is confusing as hell there were 5 people standing there trying to figure it out. It had more words than a Twitter post and this review. But it should have had 8; "pizza one size any sauce any topping $7.75".I built my pizza and headed to the cashier were the girl from our side was now on register. "$10.53 please", she said. "You just told me it was $5.85. How expensive is the drink?""Do you have the coupon", she asked?"You didn't tell me I needed the coupon" "Well you do", she said. At this point the manager slowly faded into the background. Eventually hiding in the back room.So I'll never be back again!!!!P.S. If I was Chipotle I would sue these idiots for trade infringement and libel!!!
5	I've tried the pizza and pasta.  The price is right for a quick meal whee I can get exactly what I want. It's especially good for families where everyone wants something different.
4	Just had the Alfredo pasta. It was great. The only thing I would change is adding more sauce before it's made because they have no way of heating any additional sauce up for you after it's made. The service is awesome. Everyone is friendly and energetic. The food overall was good and you can choose all of your toppings. Great drink options for the kiddos. The bathrooms stayed cleaned despite the big rush for the FREE FOOD! I definitely will be coming here for lunch and dinner.
5	This place is amazing, I love the pizza here, and the toppings selection is ike no other! Keep up the good work! :D-Roadhog380
4	I love this new pizza place!  I love the concept of having  smorgasbord of delectable items to craft the perfect PERSONAL pizza at a fair price.  Oh sure,  the personal size pizzas are large enough to share if you like that sort of thing... But also the perfect size to provide you with the right amount of left overs for the next day. And while there are actually a few great pizza joints around,  having to order a family size pizza to share usually means someone has to compromise on at least one of their favorite toppings... And from my prospective,  it's usually me... MOM. The crust is so thin and crispy,  and having the choice of butter,  garlic butter or olive oil is perfect,  in addition to the sauce of your choice.  I should back up a moment and clarify that this is not just a pizza place.  You can craft your own pasta or salad in this same fashion as well which I will definitely try in the future. The topping options are endless... They even have shrimp and salmon!  And it doesn't matter how many toppings you choose,  the price is set.  I believe we paid $7.75 per pizza.  Not a bad value,  especially if you make two meals out of this. The only reason I didn't give a full 5 stars was because they were a little  slow.  There seemed to be only 2 people working.  That being said,  it was Halloween evening and the guys who were working were very nice and extremely customer friendly!  They were just working their tails off. I am certain this place will be a new staple for us.  I look forward to all the fun gourmet combinations I can create!
1	The pizza is Peter Piper quality. If you like good pizza learn from my mistake. Skip this place.The sauce is nasty. They put too much on and it kills any potential for a decent bite.The veggies are average and the meats are OK--glad they have chicken as an option.No matter what you put on it, the sauce overpowers the pizza as a whole.Much better pizza over at Jimmy and Joes for lunch. Dinner? Grab Grimaldis.
2	Glad I came here... Only because I know it's not that good enough to come back. The notion of a "chipotle-of-pizza-AND-pasta" was exciting but unfortunately, expectations weren't met. The pasta was probably only okay because we were REALLY hungry. It was quite bland and the bits of Cajun chicken they have are dry. I will say the pizza isn't half bad. I liked the BBQ sauce, it was nice a tangy. The pizza was crispy, not soggy. But there are just much better create-your-pizza places out there. Another word of advice when coming here: do not go here if you are in a hurry. My bf and I had a show to attend and were looking for something quick. Seeing that there was no line when we entered, we thought this would be fast but it seemed like the employee was working in snail mode. The pizza takes about 10+ minutes to cook as well. The 2 stars I gave were for the smiles and kindness of the employees. I appreciated it.
1	Just stopped here (6:30 PM on a Saturday evening), and was surprised to see they're closed! Yelp says it's "open", and their web site says they close at 9 PM today. No sign was in the window to explain, so I don't know if the closure is temporary or not.Update: mid-afternoon on Sunday, and this place is still closed. Doesn't look good.
