4	This is a small family owned sub shop that's been in the same plaza in this older part of Mesa for over 30 years. This is the original but they've since expanded all over Mesa. You'll find them tucked next to the Dirty Drummer bar on the corner in the same plaza as Wendy's. It can be hard to spot if you're not looking for it. They have brightly colored booth seating right when you enter. A few feet back is the counter to order. Depending on what time of day, you'll either see the owner working, his family, or your typical high school kids.I've always enjoyed their subs, whether it was as a young child or on lunch break long ago in high school. What I enjoy most is their meat selection and the fact that they have a generous helping of not too tart italian dressing and mayo on their subs. The combination is hard to describe but when it's done right, it tastes unlike any other sub.Their bread is soft and fluffy and they leave out the million and a half vegetables you'll get at other places, making it a true sandwich- not just a bunch of vegetables on bread. You can get your sandwich hot or cold and they have reasonably priced lunch specials btwn. 10 AM - 2 PM where you can get an 8 or 12 inch sub, drink, chips or pickle for between $4.63 - $5.23  They also do catering.Personally I think the Poorboy is one of the best with Salami, Spiced Ham, Bologna, & Provolone Cheese. I would never think of putting those meats together, let alone eat them by themselves, but for some reason they make it work. I love Krazy Sub :)
4	This cute, locally owned sub shop is a great place to get a tasty sub. I have gone to this location a few times and it is aways clean and well cared for. Your sandwich is always served with a pickle spear and they have lunch and dinner specials. They support local softball leagues and the ASU Sun Devils. So there are pictures of all the teams they sponsor and of course, you can purchase a Krazy t-shirt with the ASU colors and fun sayings. All the locations I have been to, are just as pleasant, but this is the only one where I met the owner as he was working there. He was really nice and I enjoy the food/atmosphere even more now.Try it out, you'll like it.
4	I am so tired of Subway, so a couple of weeks ago I started looking on Yelp for other sandwich places. Last week, I visited Steve's Crazy Sub.  It isn't that far a drive from work for me and I was in the mood for a real submarine. I ordered the 12 inch Super Sub with ham, hard salami, capacolla, pastrami, turkey, provolone cheese with the works, lettuce, tomato, onion, mayo, vinegar/oil and yellow mustard.  All for $6.05 plus tax.  Taking the sub to go, I drove to a local park.  Sitting in the shade of the picnic area, I opened up the white paper wrapper and took in the Super Sub vista.  It looked so good and tasted even better.  It was so good, that later in the week I went back and ate another Super Sub just to check if they made them tasty every time. They do and I will be back to try out the other subs on the menu.
4	We were out at Fitch Fields this week and were stuck there the whole day. No way we were going to brave the indigestion of concession foods at the fields. Microwave hotdogs give me heartburn just thinking about it. So, I took off looking around for something close by to pick up for lunch. I suspected it would be a sandwich shop.About a block and a half away was this spot. Perfect, I thought. So, I ventured in and looked at the menu. The prices looked good, the sandwich choices looked more creative than Subway (which I found out is a block from this place), and there were people in there enjoying their sandwiches. It must be ok. Me without my yelp.... a little like a fish out of water, but we will go on instinct. I ordered a foot long Torpedo sandwich (ham, salami, and capacolla and turkey I think). A little cheese, some veggies, extra peppers, mayo mustard. It was really a good price, just over $6. When I got the sandwich, I swear it was over 12". The bread was fresh, the meat a little more generous than subway, and all the veggies fresh and abundant. The sandwich was great, the service fast and the people were quite nice. Thanks for the break from the chain.
3	I went here yesterday  based on the yelp reviews It  is a clean little sandwich shop and if you work in the hood its not a bad place to go but i did not think my club sub was that spectacular but the prices are reasonable and the owners take pride in there opperation.
5	The best way I can think of to describe Steve's Krazy Sub is that it is like Subway, but better in almost every way. They don't have as many bread choices, but the bread tastes better. Basically all of the ingredients taste better. The first time I went, I had the Poorboy, which was delicious. Second time, I had a Super Sub, also delicious. Next time I will probably get my Sandwiches without Mustard though, because it is a little overpowering. Can't forget the pickles, which are delicious!My absolute favorite part about Krazy Sub is the prices. For comparison, Subway has a $6.00 Box lunch special, which only has a 6" sub, then you add on the tax. At Krazy Sub, You can get one of their lunch specials, which also has the drinks and chips, but with a FOOTLONG sub for $6.00 after tax! Suck it, Subway! Also, the subs are generally cheaper. The smallest size, their "mini", is an 8" sub and the prices are comparable, maybe cheaper, than Subway's 6" subs. The people here are pretty friendly, but the owner is especially friendly. He always has a smile on his face and loves talking to the customers. When I was leaving, I almost drove away with my drink on top of my car (put it there while I put some stuff in the car and forgot about it) and he rushed outside to prevent me from spilling it all over and making a mess of my car. Thanks!Anyways, I'm going back again for lunch today, and I suggest you try it out sometime. It's definitely one of the best deals around for food, especially at lunch.
3	Good sandwich!  Didn't take long for them to serve it up and much closer to a good sub than subway.
4	Krazy Sub is pretty rad. Similar to goodcents but with a little more charm.They're situated right across the street from my work so it's super convenient, you'll always see a grip of Banner peeps over here come 11-12. The interior of the place reminds me of Ringo's only memorable song, "Octopus Garden"- its got kind of a yellow submarine vibe going on inside with little murals of supermario-esque water level type sea life on the walls. cheap prices for delicious homemade italian american stlye submarine sandwiches. My favorite is the meatball sub: for something like $5 you get about a 1 foot long sub on soft, fresh italian bread, with several delicious meat balls smothered in marinara and garnished with a couple peperoncini's and tomatoes, really the perfect lunch. To top it off they have an old school arcade mortal kombat game here, that i love to feed a quarter while I wait for my sub. (Fuck you Johnny Cage, Raiden for life!!) I'll definately miss this place when my job transfer goes through. Thanks for all the good lunches Krazy Sub!
1	My friends and I are on a road trip from Sacramento, CA to Austin, TX and wanted good subs. When we opened them in the car we saw that there was barely any meat on the sandwiches and all the pickles were pretty disgusting.  We do not understand why this place has such a great rating....we do not recommend it at all.
4	I grew up on this place and it still taste as good today as the first time I had it. My kids love going here. we always get the Po boys = ). I would of gave this place a 5 star but over the years it has gone done a little but not enough for me to stay away.
2	I have been a loyal customer since 1999. Makes me sad to right a bad review but since high schools closed their campuses Steves place has deteriorated tremendously. I went in as usual for lunch ordered my sub and returned to work with the wrong sandwich. I ate it upset but so hungry after picking off the dreadful items. I called spoke with a nice man who said come in I will write ur name down. I did and 4 people playing around in the back told me I need to speak with owner which I said no problem and their response was he is out of town. They all thought it was funny and I was so upset. If Steve's crazy sub ever goes out of business it will be because of the horrible customer service from his teenage and one grown man who seem to not care if customers ever comeback. Steve please read this and several others I have read that your staff needs to go. I hope someday I will be treated as a customer and maybe even get the sub I paid for.
