5	Went to Pint Central on their second night open. At that point, they were serving only apps and salads but had a full bar. The menu has a great selection and as a vegetarian, I appreciated the fact that they have vegetarian/vegan indicated on the menu next to items and the bartender explained what accomodations could be made on other items.I had the egg rolls - can't recall the name of them but they're southwestern style and came with black beans, corn, cilantro drizzle (could be removed for vegan option). They were delicious! I also ordered the eggplant dip which had some kick to it (I like this) and came with grilled bread slices for dipping. My boyfriend had the shrimp/sausage skewers. He said they were fantastic. Their selection of beers is crazy, local and hard to find. My favorite beer - Unibroue La Fin Du Monde was on tap, which I appreciated as it is pretty hard to find outside of bottles. Bartenders were attentive and I can tell the place will become a favorite even more as the weather warms up. Great outside patio that is currently being explanded around to the front.
5	I love living in the central area of town! We have some great places to chose from no doubt. However, they all tend to be the same'ole type of bar food or if its a step up its way more expensive ... So this place has it ALL- atmosphere, great drink selection, great service, AMAZING food and super reasonably priced! You can try a couple of tapas get a couple of drinks and an entree and not break the bank... this place will be a neighborhood favorite for sure!!!
5	This place is great! Friendly staff, great beer selection, and amazing food. Carlos and Mario the owners are really cool guys and take care of their customers. They do it right at Pint Central!
5	Very impressed from start to finish!! We live in the neighborhood & always like to support new businesses. Been anticipating this opening for a while now & it was worth the wait. Fast service, fabulous food, great hostess & server, gigantic draft & bottle beer menu, featuring several NC & even Charlotte brews...fabulous wine selection...w/ half price glass & bottle night on Monday. We even got to meet one of the owner/manager's at the end as we left & he thanked us for coming. I noticed 2 managers circulating while we were there, checking in w/ the front often. Went on a Friday @ 7, so obviously expected a wait since it was new & a wknd. Place was packed & hostess was super nice....went to the bar to wait & grab a drink. Didn't even have time to order before a table was ready for us, which was unexpected! Ordered several tapas: avocado fries, BBQ wings, avocado egg rolls & the pork belly. All excellent!! The pork belly is to die for. Husband got several different draughts (they were out of several, but there were plenty others to pick from), I got a few Malbec's. Server Anastasia was great & very fast...very attentive in a good way! We were shocked with how busy it was that our food came out so fast. Only complaint would have to be the noise level. Very loud in there & hard to hear anything, unless you're practically yelling. They actually had jazz playing , but it was barely heard. It was really crowded, but I guess that's a good sign for a new place! Several TV's with sports on. They have a big  patio out back w/ tables. I plan on being out there once the weather gets nice. Overall....5 stars! Love it & happy to have them in the 'hood now!!
2	I really want to like this place because I live down the street and the convenience is super ideal. I've been here twice now, so hoping third times the charm?We went in today for a beer because their patio is adorable and great and it was a super great patio day. While the patio is great, table service on the patio was unfortunately non existent, so we went to the bar outside (also a great idea and convenient) but the bartenders didn't even check on the outside bar. So we then went inside to the bar, and it took three movements down the bar for someone to notice us. Finally, when they did notice us (yay!) it took several more minutes (it felt like eons but really, what doesn't when you're waiting to drink your beer in the sunshine) for them to bring the beers and run my card. I know they're new and have some kinks to work out, and it really pains me to complain about service, but it was disappointing (at least everyone was nice!).We also were there for one of their soft openings, and while everyone was friendly then too, service was slow that night as well (which is understandable kinks and all and it was really busy). We tasted some of the food and it was ok, but nothing out of this world. The music was also super loud (god I feel like a grandmother for saying that) and the atmosphere I guess just wasn't for me.The beer selection is good (but on par and similar to many other places in the area that I love...hello Kickstand!!!) and the patio is nice so I'll probably give them another chance, but might wait a few weeks for those kinks.
5	We live in the area and tried this place yesterday with eight of us. The service was fantastic, the drink selection great and the food PHENOMENAL! The waitress was very accommodating and made sure we had everything we needed all the time. If the friendly and stellar service continues by all waitstaff they will be a go-to in Midwood.  We will be regulars.
3	I struggled between 3 and 4 stars here.  I LOVE the back patio and outside bar.  The owner, Carlos, was doing an AWESOME job building relationships with his customers.  He and his brother are from Argentina and opened the restaurant with his family just a week ago.  The menu is ambitious and has interesting flavors. The beer list is varied and local.  Our server, Antoinetta, was eager and friendly.However, they were out of several beers.  Antoinetta could not describe some of the menu items well.  The food was uneven - the Choripan sandwich was amazing, but the pork belly was disappointing. I am confident that they will figure out their ordering, the servers will become better trained, and they will figure out how to make the menu better when they see what sells.In the meantime, friendly service and a sweet vibe are enough to give this spot another chance.  Definitely check out the back patio.
5	This was my first visit and by luck! We were headed to another midwood staple and decided to check out Pint! I'm so glad we did because I fell in love with the atmosphere and pleasant service. It was the owners birthday the night we went and it was kind of nice to have him come over and ask how everything was.  He stayed and talked for about 20 minutes and even made recommendations for next time we visit. The highlights: we ordered several tapas and I'm glad we did because we got a variety of flavors ranging from fried avocados, chimichurri, calamari, pesto brussel sprouts, empanadas, and the eggplant dip! Everything was great and I was impressed on fast the food arrived. By the time our drinks hit the table the food was up! 5 stars in my book. I can't forgot to mention the local beer selection both on tap n bottle. Plus it's pet friendly on the patio.  Great atmosphere and sure to be another midwood favorite!
3	Great dinner!  We were here last night for the first time and it was great.  Located right across the street on Central from the Thirst Beaver - parking is a little tight.  We had to parka few blocks down.  The dining area is medium size - there is a long bar, high tops and low seating around the sides.  We sat at a high top and ordered fantastic local beer.  I also had the pork belly - WOW.  It was tender and well seasoned.  I love small plates because it is always the right amount of food.  We also had the calamari and the brussel sprouts.  The sprouts were done in a pesto sauce which I haven't had together before.  VERY GOOD and a large serving so you actually don't mind sharing this one.  The calamari was light and very large pieces which is different.  Everything was very good and service was great.  Love this new local spot!!
4	Our visit was nearly perfect. Great food (avocado fries and empanadas!!), nice ambience both indoor and on the charming patio, and attentive service. The owner even came over to ask how we liked it. We tried almost everything on the tapas menu and loved it all. It got chilly so we left but would've stayed for another round--wish they had fired up the outdoor heaters (sure they would have if we'd asked). We will definitely go back!!Parking here is not such a nightmare as it is further up Central. If they keep up the good work, this place is going to be huge.
4	Nice selection of beers and a really lovely use of the outdoor space at Pint Central. It was great seeing the owner out and about and I can definitely see this as a place I will go to grab a drink after work, or to meet up with friends on weekends in the summer. I didn't realize they served food-but it all looked pretty tasty to me, so I will update when I return. A couple of suggestions... It would be great if they had a few cider or fruit beer options for those that enjoy that. Also, parking is REALLY tight so plan on walking or parking on the street.
4	Good addition to the neighborhood.  I like that I can walk here, get slammed off $4 Jameson and $2 PBR, then continue my journey to wherever the night takes me.  They have plenty of TV's for game watching and a very clean, refreshing atmosphere that seems even more so when you glance across the street at the Thirsty Beaver.  There's also a garage door they can open up towards the back that gives the end of the bar a great view of the Uptown skyline.As far as the food goes, I'd give it a 3.5.  I've eaten here twice and mostly shared small plates.  It doesn't touch the quality of a few other restaurants in the hood, but I also didn't see a dish on the menu over $15.  My favorites were probably the mozzarella bites (not your traditional cheese sticks), avocado egg rolls, fried avocado, and chicken poppers (ask for ranch or blue cheese, blew my mind it wasn't served with a sauce).  As you can tell, we didn't get too far past the apps, but for the flavor and price point it was a good value.  The entrees were reasonably priced and looked good too.  Giving the entrees a try would provide a better gauge on the food as a whole, but I think this place is a solid 4.
3	The food came a bit short of Four Stars. I rounded down to 3 because of all the beer induced 5 star reviews already posted and I think this place deserved a foodie's review. We had lunch outside in the patio on the first day of spring, the weather was perfect, service was very good, I even ordered a draft : the stage was all set for a pleasant time, which it was. We ordered 4 small plates, they came out in the right amount of time, neither too quick nor too long a wait. Unfortunately everything was brought at once -as is always the case in Charlotte. No biggie. Korey's Eggplant dip ($6) was good, we enjoyed it - then again I always order the eggplant dips at the Greek, Lebanese, Turk etc, there are a zillion recipes. The dip is served with grilled bread smothered with melted butter. IMO it would be better if the melted butter was served on the side. 3.5 stars for the dip Provoleta ($6) grilled provolone served in a cast iron skillet and (very lightly sprinkled) with herbs. I love that dish and served correctly like this was there's no way to ruin it. I've had it this many times before, sometimes seasoned more boldly but that's not a must. The grilled bread which came with it was again smothered with melted butter, not necessary for melted cheese. 4 stars  Choripan ($7) I ordered it because we were told the chorizo is made in house. The (very mild) spicy chorizo sandwich kicked butt, it got my taste buds dancing. It comes with a mound of skinny freshly cut fries. They were out of sweet potato fries and substituted with garlic parmesan. Tasty! For only $7 bucks it makes for a great lunch by itself, the caveat being don't order the garlic-parm it if you have a date, not even if that date will be 8 hrs later for dinner!   Grumblings aside:4 starsArgentine empanadas ($7 for 3 small ones)  prepared by the owner's mom - an Argie and Uruguayan tradition - now that was a tough dish to rate, here is why.  We ordered one of each : ground beef (spicy with olives), chicken and a veggie. Each of the stuffing was delicious. Now I've eaten all sorts of great empanadas(mushrooms, onions, all kinds) but when it comes to the basic 3 meat, chicken or veg, it doesn't get better than these stuffings - could have been a contender. Unfortunately these small empanadas were half empty (more, gimme more!) and worse : overcooked and dripping with oil from the fryer. I did mention to the junior owner that at the very least they should pat them dry (like bacon) before they served them - not sure if that registered, the waitress got it though.  There's another issue too, Argies both bake empanadas (our favorite) or deep fry them. IMO the flaky dough used here would have been better suited for baking. When the short order cook gets his act together these could be a winner but for now ....2.5 stars.Pint Central is a comfortable hangout with an interesting menu and moderate prices, I'd definitely like to return and try more items from their menu
4	Great service, good beer selection, and surprisingly good food for a bar.I had the beef tenderloin tips. They were cooked to perfection and accompanied with chimichurri. Not to mention that it is right around the corner. The owners are of Argentinian descent and their selections on the menu put that on display. (empanadas, chimichurri, etc)
5	Very good service! Our bartender was awesome and very attentive (forgot his name but sleeves on his arms!) Very laid back comfortable environment! Will definitely be back!
5	Went in for a "quick bite" and WOW!!! I had the pesto brussel sprouts and they were out of this world. I ate the entire plate...and it was meant for 2 people! I also got  the bacon wrapped chicken and they were so incredible. Mario is a wizard in the kitchen. I will be back many, many times!!!
4	What a pleasant surprise!We came here expecting mediocre bar food, but it was late and we were hungry...they were open!! :) EVERYTHING we ate was delicious!  We got the avocado fries app.  They were great, but the sauce that came with them was spicy and soooo good, we had to save it to use on the herb fries.  I got the portabello burger.  It was so yummy!  What a delicious combination!  I got it with sweet potato fries; they were sprinkled with sugar and came with a sweet dip.  John got the steak sandwich with the herb fries.  He loved his sandwich and liked his fries alright.  He was really loving that sauce that came with the avocado fries, so they gladly brought him some more.Everything about this place was great and totally unexpected!  The ONLY thing negative to me, was it was just a tad too dark in there.  I know it was almost 9, but just a bit more light would have been great.  I have really good vision and it was a little hard to read things.  That was a very small thing though and didn't at all hurt our overall experience.We will definitely be going here for our late night meals!!UPDATE: We went back for more and had a fairly crummy experience.  The food was still great, but the atmosphere was lacking!  I'm hoping it was just a bad night.  A girl was in there screaming...blood-curdling-someone-is-trying-to-kill-me screams every few minutes at the bar.  How is this acceptable?  I mentioned it to my server, who seemed annoyed by it as well, but she was happy to make the excuse that it was her 21st.  I would have NEVER behaved like that somewhere public...much less at 8:45pm!!!!  Seriously?  I was appalled that they hadn't handled the situation better.  If I was the manager, I would have politely thanked her for coming to my establishment, but asked her to please not ruin the experience for our other guests and refrain from screaming.  If she did it again, I would ask her to leave.  Also, they probably should have cut her off if she couldn't keep it together!  Needless to say I was quite agitated.  We ate quickly and left as fast as possible. :-/
5	Cool atmosphere, nice wait staff and awesome bottle/draft selection. Will definitely be back again. The food smells amazing although I have not tried it...yet
4	This is an excellent addition to PM. The beer selection is incredible. $2 GOOD bloody Mary's and $2 mimosas (yelpers- we all know a cheap drink sometimes means a weak drink- not here!) You can bring dogs to the outdoor area. You can watch tv outside (a solution to the problem of losing incredible weather to watch basketball). The food is good- but not amazing. I'm optimistic that it will only get better. Give it time, yelp grasshoppers! We liked the wings. Avocado fries are good- but could use a little more flavoring. Lots of dishes that you can easily share.  The owner is always extremely friendly. He appears very involved and dedicated. we saw him bussing tables and working his tail off- which says a lot about his character. Our waitress, Bonnie, was on point the entire time and makes you feel like a regular- even if it is your first time.I think it will only get better and I am thrilled to see something happening in that spot.
2	I was truly disappointed with Pint Central. The name inaccurately describes the selection they have of draft beers. When I visited, there were few beers available, several were tapped out. The atmosphere was not at all what I expected. For being a beer place, i expected garagey/sporty or just very relaxed atmosphere. If was more of an awkward club like feeling with blue lights. Staff were not the most friendly. I don't intend on returning. I'll make the haul to Duckworth's instead.
2	When I go to a place called taps and the bartender suggests PBR something isn't right. The atmosphere is a little odd as well. The bartender was good and friendly as can be but the beer list was pretty garbage tbh. There were a couple of good beers. Quantity does not = Quality. The appetizers were really tasty though. 5-10 years ago their beer list would have been considered really good but at this stage in the beer game, if your name is Pint, you need to deliver with good beers. Went to go see the outside and was alerted that there was a private party going on. (Which happened to be the waitresses friends) Maybe a work event? Either way it wasn't a good experience. I'd be happy to consult with the beverage manger but it seems they are looking to push cheap locals and PBR. Doesn't really seem right with the name and all.
3	I'm a fan.  I like any addition to the tap room scene for Charlotte and it looks like this place has their finger on the pulse of good beer which is ultimately important.  Add to this the great food items and proper portions and you've got a solid combination.Service was really great and enthusiastic.  The space is somewhat raw with concrete exposed, etc. but it's accented with some very unique wood tables and the bar is also aesthetically pleasing.Couple drawbacks is the parking is a bit difficult and you'll likely have to park around the corner on the street.  Also, the acoustics of the place are tough.  With enough people in there you'll find yourself having to talk rather loudly to communicate.
3	I was eager to check out pint central's food and bar scene, and my expectations were mostly met. Beer selection is on point - bartender recommended the weyerbacher imperial stout which was well balanced. I will add this one to my favorites. Parking situation is kind of a nightmare. I don't think pint central has more than ten spots to its name, which leaves everyone else to scramble to find street parking or park in the gravel lot across the street next to thirsty beaver. This necessitates a dash across busy central avenue after, which I was not a fan of. Food situation was ok. I was honestly expecting better based on what I had heard, but it was solid given most come here for a drink with food as an afterthought. Mozzarella bites were tasty but over breaded in my opinion. Red peppers were a nice touch though. I had the churrasco which turned out to be very thin slices (almost gyro style) pieces of meat accompanied by fries. The meat had plenty of flavor but I was underwhelmed by the portion size, and it seemed as though the same meat was used in the steak sandwich my friend ordered at a portion of the price. Overall I had a good time, but given parking and food, I won't be adding this one to my regular rotation.
5	The food is absolutely beyond amazing! The owners treat you like family. Love having this new spot in the neighborhood!!
5	Great spot!  We sat on the back patio, and even though some dbag was smoking a cigar (seriously, that should be illegal) we had a great meal and a great time.  The small plates were fantastic - avocado fries being a highlight for us.  Some bits were better than others, but everything was tasty.  Excellent addition to Plaza Midwood and hopefully can pick up some of the slack as Soul has been inconsistent lately.
5	$2 mimosas on Sundays!! Avocado fries and beet sandwich are delish, patio is perfect on a sunny day and there's even a little window so you can be at the bar and still be outside
5	First time here. Great spot! Ambiance - quaint, clean, comfortable Food - delicious. I had the Brusselssprouts, my date had choripan sandwich, and we shared avocado fries. The Brusselssprouts had an excellent yet simple pesto on it. The avocado fries were pure genius. Drinks - we experimented with a kombucha drink not on the menu. It was amazing. Service - excellent. Hunter is great! Carlos (owner) is super friendly and was sincere in ensuring we had a great time.
2	Good service, and nice beer selection, food was... ehhhhh.... not great - mostly because of execution; bacon on the poppers wasn't crispy and chicken was overcooked, calamari was bland and not crispy, pork belly actually seemed more like thick cut bacon and was somewhere was in between slow cooked and fried. All and all we weren't impressed by any of the dishes we sampled.
5	I really never write reviews, but this group deserves it.  I had a great experience there before, and then my wife and I went and had a wonderful meal together.  The food is really, really good and they have many healthy options. The drink menu helps as well, but it is really nice to have this group in the neighborhood!
4	I am quite impressed with Pint Central. I watched their construction progress when I walked by on Central and I thought it looked smallish and like just another bar. After their opening, my beer-aficionado daughter came back with an enthusiastic endorsement. Her FAVORITE beer was on tap (Sculpin IPA.) So of course, I had to check it out with her the next night.Inside, Pint Central is actually bigger than it appears from the street and as a great plus, they have an enclosed patio so you can enjoy your beverage outside.What sets Pint apart is their food. We enjoyed two tapas plates - the Brussels sprouts were great and the avocado egg rolls were very good as well. NOT your normal bar food for sure.Welcome to the neighborhood, Pint Central, you are a great addition to the other restaurants and bars along Central.
4	What an interesting find - a super casual bar/patio with "upscale" food! The fella and I visited on a Wednesday night and got spots right in front, which made me think it was gonna be a good night.We sat inside but the garage doors were up, so it still felt like we were outside (especially with the number of flies and gnats circling our glasses - ugh). The patio looked pretty inviting, too. The concrete floors inside and super loud music/acoustics made a little nervous, but they eventually turned down the music.Our waitress was awesome. We changed a drink order at the last minute, and she wasn't rattled; we asked for recommendations, and she steered us in the right direction.We tried some of the tapas and got - in order of most delicious to least - the chicken sliders, brussels sprouts (yes, they're #2!), lamb lollipops, and chicken poppers. The poppers and lollipops were good but a little overcooked. The chicken sliders and sprouts were so good, I could've licked the bowl.I'm not a huge beer person, but I was excited to see a couple of ciders on tap and sours in a bottle, and the fella who looooves beer, was really impressed to see the La Fin Du Monde on tap.
5	I love this place! I Just went again this past weekend and I probably tried almost every appetizer in the menu. The caprese stack not only looks amazing but it's simply delish, mozzarella bites, yummy. My personal favorite was the pork Belly, OMG to die for. I'm getting it next time and I'm not sharing. The service is friendly and fast. The owner 'Mario' walks around making sure you are enjoying everything and I always appreciate a good suggestion from him. I will definitely be back; I'm already craving tapas from Pint central.
4	With a name like Pint Central, you'd expect to see a place that is nothing but beer. Not true here. What makes this place stand out? The menu. Mario has done a great job. I could easily order $40 worth of food for myself. Creative tapas plates. I love the avocado egg rolls and the Brussels Sprouts. The Brussels are a good sized dish that is good for sharing. Mozzarella bite rangoons are also tasty. The basil, roasted pepper and balsamic glaze are a great combination. Typical prices for tapas style plates.I want to try a lot more on this menu. There's a beet panini on there calling my name. It sounds delicious. The NoDa Jam Session Bread Pudding sounds like something I also need in my life. Bunch of TVs here. This would be a nice spot to watch a game. The patio is pretty cool. There's a roll up garage door so you can order without waking back inside. Hunter is great behind the bar. He's there almost every day. Seriously, when does this guy get a day off? He's such a hard worker. Super nice. Congrats to the crew here on a solid spot in Plaza Midwood.
5	I love Pint Central! Great selection of beer and the food is so good! The patio is my favorite place to chill!
4	The best Bread Pudding in town!! Loved the Chimichurri Beef tips appitizer. Hunter was the bartender and made us great specialty drinks because we could not decide what we wanted. Great service!  I will be back.
4	I do not have a single complaint. I came here because I read go things on yelp and they stood up to hype. Plenty of beer on tap and in the bottle if thats your thing. I had the steak sandwich and herb fries- good overall. My wife had the mahi-mahi- amazing flavor! Especially for a pub like establishment. Sister in law had the chicken Cesar salad- she "says"good. The waitress was super nice. I would definitely come back.
5	I live in the neighborhood and always trying to find something good to eat!  Well- I was quite impressed with Pint.  I ordered the sliders and Brussel sprouts.  Amazing . I think I'm going to become a regular!
3	The staff here are super nice, but not particularly good at their job. They seem to enjoy hanging with each other, which makes for a friendly environment, but not great service. The spirits displayed would make you think that there would be great cocktails, but zero cocktails on drink menu. Okay, so it's a PINT place... I read the draft menu, ordered a draft. Not in right now. Okay, I looked up to the chalkboard and selected a different draft. Also, not available now. Finally, I selected from taps visible to me- success (?) I had a cellar temperature beer. How can you be a beer place and NOT have cold beer???Brussel sprouts were amazing. Garlic fries strong. Skip the steak sandwich- mostly bread with three steak-UM's.
3	Standard bar food. Nothing extraordinary. I had the mushroom burger and a local NoDa brew. The burger was VERY filling. It could probably be shared by a couple of people. The World Cup games were on so it made for a sporty atmosphere.
3	What bar food should taste like. No frozen mozzarella sticks here. Try something you wouldn't normally order on their menu and you will be impressed with the fresh twist Pint Central adds.I had an $8 Sour Silly in a bottle ($8) super tasty but a bit much for a beer in a bottle. Draft's were between $4.50 and $7.There are two outdoor outdoor areas and plenty of casual seating on the inside. There is a sharp contract between the atmosphere and the food served.Brussels Sprouts have been raved about on Yelp and the pesto is unexpected - it is also a larger portion for the tapas section of the menu.Also would recommend the pork belly, chimicurri steak and the mozzarella bites.The portions and food quality were good for the price point. Overall takeaway: I would eat there again for high quality bar fare. Highly recommend dinner here then heading across the street to FuManChu cupcakes for dessert after. Stellar combo.
4	Menu - excellent, interesting, creative, not boring. No crappy fried anything. I dream of the chicken sliders (fancy mini chicken sandwiches of goodness).Beer - great selectionsIt would be more Plaza Midwood hipster-y if there weren't the huge TVs with sports on all of the time. Maybe they can mute the TVs once in a while?The only down sides are:-the water for some reason tastes yucky-it's REALLY REALLY loud inside. like, really.-the stools at the high top tables are really uncomfortable after a while, even after a few beers. Opt for the lower tables with normal chairs.
2	Was not incredibly impressed with this place. But there were a couple of highlights including the beef tidbits (very well-cooked and seasoned) and the mini burgers which was surprising. I think what drove the mini burgers home was whatever onion-type sauce they are topped with.Otherwise, based on the other items we ordered (don't get the wings), to me it simply seemed this place was trying a little too hard to be "trendy" and "hip" both with their menu and atmosphere. The beer selection wasn't terrible at all but for a place with "pint" in the name, I was expecting a bit more.Atmosphere-wise, I think I was again turned off by the place trying way too hard to be trendy and modern. For some reason it just didn't fit what I was expecting.I'm not sure I'll try this place again since I feel we got most of what was good on the menu with limited satisfaction. Certainly the mini burgers might be worth a trip however. We'll see.
2	Service was absolutely horrible. It took five minutes for anyone to notice we were waiting by the hostess stand. They aren't even busy. After we were seated, we waited another five for someone to acknowledge us. All the food arrived cold. The avocado fries somehow were overcooked and cold. The provoleta came out as one giant cold block. You are supposed to be able to dip crostinis into it. The bread pudding was nine dollars for a block that was ice cold in the middle. The caramel on top was pretty delicious though - I'll give them that.
3	Just ok, nice outside seating area. The set-up is good, the place is clean and seems to be a nice meeting place for locals. I didn't eat I was only drinking so I cannot comment on the food but the drinks are pricey. Be prepared to pay more due to the location and not expect any drink specials. $3.75 domestic bottles, $5.25 craft beer pints.
4	Cool place with decent beer prices and cool people! I didn't order any food but it smelled good.
4	This is a fun and delicious place to eat. I had the mahi mahi small plate, and the avocado fries. Wait staff was friendly and quick. Overall a good choice for a good lunch.
4	This place has a super chill vibe. With it's fairy lights and outside patio, it evokes sweet summer memories complemented by the excellent variety of drinks. The restrooms are surprisingly clean and well lit - not what I was expecting given the rest of the decor, but it proved to be a very pleasant discovery. As the night progresses, it teeters slightly off it's cool throwback vibe pedestal into a dark grungy alleyway abyss, but if you leave on time, it's all good.
3	Excited to try this new place in my neighborhood.  Entering Pint Central, we expected for it to be more crowded on a Friday night, but that was not the case.  Good for me, because I don't like crowds.  The interior was open and decorated in a minimalist style.  We told the hostess, "2" when she asked us how many.  She responded, "are you sure?" which I found a bit odd.  I don't think that she  meant to say that.We ordered the mozzarella bites, avocado fries, calamari and Brussels sprouts.  The first three were typical fried bar food, but those Brussels sprouts were something special.  They were chargrilled and tossed with pesto.  How brave of them to put Brussels sprouts on their menu.  And how delicious they were!  My next favorite were the mozzarella bites.  We could have used a few more of them.  The avocado fries needed more flavor, and the calamari was a bit on the rubbery side.I would like to try more items from their menu, especially the beet panini.  And, I am definitely going back for more Brussels sprouts!
5	This is our second time here for lunch. The avocado fries are amazing and the beet burger is delicious. The owner talked to us for awhile and it is a family owned operation down to their grandmother making the goat cheese and etching the wood tables. I would have passed this up as another bar that serves typical bar fare but I have been pleasantly surprised.
4	Second time here and have not been disappointed food wise. Have tried the avacado egg rolls, chicken wings, provaleta, chicken poppers, and herb fries. Never had a problem w the service either. They have a good selection of local beer and craft beer in general. The beers could be a little less pricey but that's the only thing I can think if right now.
3	I gave Pint Central a try for the first time last week. I met a friend there for happy hour and was able to find a table with plenty of elbow room with no problem. I ordered a delicious appetizer, the Avocado Eggrolls, that were absolutely fab & was so full from them that I didn't need to order an entree. With a name like "Pint Central" I was expecting a pretty extensive local beer selection; I was sad that their list of local brews was pretty limited and hope they consider expanding the list in the not-too-distant future. Service was great, our server was really friendly and very attentive. My only complaint, aside from the limited local selections is the noise... the place was not crowded when I was in there, but because of the small size and the concrete floors, it was so loud I could barely have a conversation wth my friend. I'm not an acoustics expert, but there have to be some relatively inexpensive measures they can take to muffle the noise a bit so that people can comfortably carry on a conversation. All in all, great place... they're still pretty new, so I hope they get the few kinks  worked out. I will definitely be back and am excited to try more of their phenomenal food!
5	Great beer selection... Rotating tap list from great breweries. The food is excellent. The choripan was just the right size and seasoned just right
3	Good spot for meet ups. I dig the upscale bar food. Hunter, the bartender, is super rad.
4	This place is industrial chic, the music happens to always be to my liking, and the beer selection is really good.  I love their small plates, especially with so many vegetarian/vegan options.  Avocado fries?? Yessss.  Beet sandwhich minus the goat cheese was deep and earthy on a lovely bun.  The overall vibe was great, but maybe the furniture was a little too uncomfortable.  In any case, I'll be back soon!
4	The food is very good, they have a great selection of beers on tap and bottled, as well as a fully-stocked bar. It gets packed pretty regularly, but it's a good place to catch a game or get a group together. I recently had wings which were very good, the mini empanadas (chicken was better than beef), and the beef sliders. The service was great and they even put on all 3 football games that my small group of 4 asked for : Panthers, Browns, Giants (All 3 games were on at 1pm). We greatly appreciated the gesture and it kept up from having to leave and bounce around to different bars! Thanks again!!!!
1	This is a bar trying to be more. The small plates were heavy and riffs on burgers and fries. The beer selection is what you would find at Harris Teeters and is marked up. Go to Gallery 22 if you want an amazing selection of beer, better prices, and a true tapas restaurant upstairs.
3	Decided to stop by here on a Wednesday night to check this place out.  Indoors is pretty big and the place was clean.  They have a back patio section which my favorite section of this place.  It's a smaller setting, there's amazing art work on the walls and dim hanging lights.  This is an awesome spot to chill in the fall when the weather is nice out.  The only gripe I have about this place is the customer service.  It was not that packed being a Wednesday but one of the bartenders (i'm assuming that he was a bartender because he was behind the bar) was talking to his friends the entire time.  I was hoping this guy was going to see that the I had not been attended to for quite some time by the original bartender that served me and would ask if I needed another beer or would check on me but it never happened.  I was going to try another beer but since it took so long to get served I just cashed out.
4	Pint Central is a great new pub on central. As the name suggests they do have quite a good selection of beer, but not as extensive as World of Beer or Taco Mac. They also feature a great selection of wine and liquor. They make some dang tasty mixed drinks. Their Manhattans are among the best in Charlotte.The food is very high quality for a pub. A decent menu no matter your dietary preference. Spicy eggplant dip might seem odd at first, but it is some really tasty stuff. Even though it may come off as a pub, it can also be a great place for dinner with friends/family.There is plenty of seating, both at the bar, inside booth and tables, and outside. They have a front and a back patio. Both are nice. In the front you can see Central Ave. and the cars and people go back. The back patio is fenced in, so you get some more privacy there.Last I'll mention that the staff and management are very nice people and you can tell they care about their work. I definitely recommend trying this place out.
5	I sampled their food at Yelp's Freaky at the Factory event. Going off that, I look forward to visiting the restaurant.  The chicken-wrapped bacon was delicious, and the fried avocados are something I will certainly order.
5	This is. Pretty awesome ace to go in plaza midwood. Don't get me started on the beer and drinks. Let's talk about how they make fresh mozzarella here daily. Yes. Along with everything thing else they make in house. This is a foodies dream. For apps the mini burgers are going to melt in your mouth. Seriously no need to chew this one, or all 3. I mean it has candied bacon jam on them them. The pork belly is also heavy served with kimichi. Also homemade. Avocado fries, I don't know how they get them to be just like potato fries but these things pack some flavor and crisp! You also don't feel so bad because it's avocado :) roasted Brussels sprouts are not bad either, and I am not a fan of Brussel sprouts. So anyone that can get me to eat them is a plus in my book. The best thing a foodie can do is go with a friend or more and just order the menu and all share. Because everything here is good.
5	Good food, great booze, and a chill vibe.  4 stars all the way, but I'll go ahead and bump them up to 5 for having Ballast Point's Sculpin on tap.I'd assume more of a Flying Saucer or even a Salud with a name like Pint Central, but its more of a tapas bar with some good beers on tap.  The food is great, lots of little bites of all sorts and sizes.  I've nibbled on all kinds of dishes, but the avocado fires seem to be the standout to me.  I can attest to other reviewers liking the avocado eggrolls and the brussel sprouts, too. I'm honestly not a fan of the Chimichurri Beef Tips, but after living with some Argentinians for a while, I'm pretty picky.  I need to hit up some sandwiches for lunch some time, all sound great and under $10.  As per the food though, I do like most of it and its not too pricey for the area, but there are at least 2-3 other places within stumbling distance that have pretty good tapas as well.  I don't know if there is enough room for everyone in Plaza Midwood.  I wish them all luck.They don't have the largest tap selection in town by any means, but plenty of great options.  I always love my Sculpin, even though its no where close to local.  I love the fact that they have Higher Ground, Bird Song's Jalapeno pale, and NoDa's Hop Drop and Roll.  I've only had a couple, but great cocktails as well.  I'll hopefully report back on that real soon.Oh yeah, I didn't really go over the layout, but you can get that from other reviews.  An FYI though, there is a chill area out back!This isn't my first choice as per going out and grabbing some beers, as I can find cheaper booze close by.  It is a great place to get some good eats without a pretentious vibe.
5	This is one of my favorite small plate restaurants in Charlotte. All of their food was excellent having unique flavors, my favorite was the Brussel sprouts. In addition to the food they have an extensive craft beer selection and focus on North Carolina beers. All of this is wrapped up with a relaxing  sports bar type atmosphere. Pint Central has become one of my favorite restaurant destinations in Charlotte!
5	Delicious food (even for a vegetarian like me) great environment, great selection of beers, friendly staff. What's not to like?!? It's the perfect place to spend an evening in Plaza Midwood! I highly recommend it!
5	The mushroom burger and herb fries are to die for!  The beer selection is pretty great too, I didn't indulge, but it looks like there is something for everyone.
