4	This place is awesome for one reason. They have these great wine label keepers that actually work extremely well to take off the labels from wine bottles so you can keep the labels after you drink the wine and dispose of the bottle! I have yet to see this neat and nifty little invention come across in most of the Napa shops and boutiques I've been to and even some of the wineries I've visited so I was pleasantly surprised to find it at this quaint Las Vegas little shop.I've always been a great fan of Paris in general because I LOVE the casino, but their shops are now beginning to offer me something very unique that I can't find anywhere else!
5	Bear in mind that THIS La Cave is the one in the Paris, and is NOT the restaurant in the Wynn.  There are still some conflicting reviews and pics in here, but don't be fooled.  Try the other listing.  Also, the pics are still incorrect on here.  You got it!  For the other place.That said, I love this little shop.  And if you like wine, how could you not?  Lots of cookbooks, wine books, wine art, plates and trinkets.  If you want to have nice things for wine events in your own home, this place works like a charm.And while I haven't tried all of their little foods, cheeses and chocolates, I have tried their pate.  And I LOVE their pate.The whole setting is charming, and fits in with the French exterior outside.  It just looks like a quaint little shop nestled in the middle of a Parisian neighborhood, and it's a nice effect.If you like wine, not just the drinking it, but the art and culture behind it, this is a great place to visit.
2	Oh, this review breaks my heart.  I am so disappointed.Whoever decided to close down their wonderful little original store and move into this ridiculously tiny hovel needs to be sent to detention for the rest of the school year.  And the next seven years after that.  And perhaps a lifelong membership after that.They've moved into a teeny, tiny little place that I'd say 85-90% of their original content is no longer there.  Gone are the cheeses and pates.  The cookbooks and the great majority of all their wine plates and trinkets. All the charm is gone.  The wine selection is greatly diminished from what it used to be.  With everything else missing, it's lost everything that made the place great.  But I found at least one bottle of wine that I liked.  Not that it was hard to do in such a tiny little rack that now makes up their selection.  It's like a casino convenience store now.I can only guess financial reasons, or someone in the Paris made them move, but the end result is depressing.  I can't believe that they could justify doing something so foolishly reckless to such a wonderful little place.Changing up La Cave like this is the "New Coke" of bad brand decisions: Pointless and awful.  But Coca-Cola eventually came to their senses and went back to their original ways.  I sincerely hope La Cave will do the same.
5	A large group of were searching for a great place to nosh before spending a rather grandiose evening out in Vegas (ya, one of those Vegas nights!). We stumbled upon La Cave, which graciously accommodated our size, then proceeded to Blow-My-Mind! The bacon wrapped dates were scrumptious, the flat breads delicious, the prosciutto  stuffed chicken was rich and robust, and the diver scallops to die for. But the pie de resistance was the carpaccio. It was THE BEST I have ever had. We ordered 7x over. 7! I'm not kidding. That good. So next time you are in Sin City check out La Cave. I'd say it'd be a sin not to!
4	The dining options in Vegas are endless.  Many of the restaurants are more open, bustling with the activity of a club, or adjacent to the casino floor - with the lights and noise that come with it. La Cave is not this. If you are looking for a more intimate engagement, this may be your place.La Cave is a tapas-bar, wine cellar set in a modern wine cave setting.  The first thing you will notice is that it is dark, really dark.  Lights come, most noticeably from a neon sign saying - In Vino Veritas - above a long table in the front.. Appropriate. There are also a few platforms, lit from below, with an assortment of empty wine bottles on them.  Stone arches and iron gates help complete the feeling like you are in a wine cave.  They have two bars, one in front and one in back, along with a very nice outdoor patio area.  On the night we were dining, it was about half full, but still was quiet and intimate.  First the wine - excellent selections both in the bottle and by the glass from most regions around the world. I went with the Italian Arneis - which  you don't see a whole lot and my wife selected a very nice Oregon Pinot Noir. They also have a nice offering of craft beers as well as cocktails and liquor options. It's Vegas, so be sure to pace yourself, since you will be going to other places. Though if you just stayed here, that would be a good thing.The food portions are tapas style, but on the larger side, and everything is excellent.  We started with the Tuscan Bran Salad (tasty) and the Mushroom Grits (excellent). The Angus Mini Burgers were good, and the Pepperoni Flatbread Pizza was shockingly good (after all, it is just sausage, right).  We also had the Smores Desert Flatbread at the end, wow and wow again. Price? Even for Vegas standards, I felt that this was on the high side, which drops them down a little bit. So, be prepared when you get a table for four with 5 glasses of wine and 5 plates and it is $230 plus tip.  Still, the next time we are in Vegas, we will be back.Loo Review - Since it is a small restaurant, they don't have their own facilities. You have to go back out of the front door, go left and use the common area bathroom on the arcade.
