4	Good range of baking and confectionary related tools and products, plus a few fancy dress items, wedding accessories - cake boards, pillars, decorations and favour boxes etc. and sugar vraft items such as crafting paste, templates etc. plus small range of ready made items for decoration. Cake tin hire also available. Staff happy to let you browse or are on hand if any queries. (talk to the other shoppers by the way - most are there for a purpose and if you have a question don't be afraid to speak to someone looking at the same things as you if you are stuck for a technique or method...)
2	From the outside, this place looks like a girly aladdin's cave full of everything you could ever need to plan any kind of party imaginable. On the inside however, the shop is rather claustrophobic and cluttered, so much so that even turning around requires planning and ballerina-esque agility for fear of knocking over boxes of sequins or a pyramid stack of rolls of ribbon.I made the mistake of going 15 minutes before closing time, and the owner did very little to hide the fact that she was looking forward to getting me out and closing up for the day. I was only looking for something for a fancy-dress party, but had I been planning an important party or wedding (as a huge chunk of the shop's stock is aimed at) I would have gone elsewhere without a second thought.Whilst the service isn't first-rate, if you're into your arts & crafts or cake-baking, this is probably somewhere you should pop into; likewise if you're looking for invitation stationery. Just don't expect a smile or a hello when you get there.
2	If you are into crafts and have a knack for getting down to decorating your own cakes then this is the place for you. Located surprisingly on this street in Newington it's a crafts makers dream and I am always impressed with the window display.Having said that twice I have been in here I have been treated with a frosty welcome. I asked if they had any fun glitter/sequins and the girl glared at me and replied they don't. I was finding it hard to find anything in this store, even though I do like hunting around places I felt like I was being followed and made me feel a bit uncomfortable. I suppose it comes with being one of the few places of the area that to my knowledge specialises in crafty supplies. And I guess for that reason prices are quite high.Taking into account that you can find most of this stuff for less at other shops the thing that makes this shop appealing is the fact that everything is in one place and it a nip in may inspire you for your next crafty attempt or cupcake frosting- that is only if you are into stuff like that.
4	The Finishing Touch is the perfect stop if you're looking for party decorations as they have a mountain of balloons, fancy dress, wigs, party poppers and other decorations. I agree with the other reviewers that inside the shop is a bit clutter but at least there's lots of choice!Decorated bright, bubble gum pink from the outside it certainly is inviting and puts you into the party mood. My favourite thing on display was a huge hamburger helium balloon in the window which I really wanted to buy but no matter how hard I thought, just couldn't see any need for it. Ever.
4	The Finishing Touch stocks exactly what its title implies. Selling frills, granishes and some crafty inspirations, it supplies people with pretty cake decorations and party favours in order to add the final touches to a birthday or other celebration.It's pretty reasonably priced and although the shop is busy and brimming with stock, that just means there is more to look at. There are loads of cute balloons and fancy dress themes that will spice up birthdays for the young and old.It's nice to see an indepenent business specialising in party accessories, since you're always bound to get something a bit different. Good for supplies or even just inspiration if you're organising something big for a special person in your life.
3	All you ever wanted from a cake decorating shop under one (smallish!) roof! They have all the materials you'll need to make a cake, decorate it and then sell you a box to put it in (they do cupcake boxes too!)! It was extremely tempting to buy EVERYTHING...but I resisted!However, I do agree with the other reviewers in terms of the friendliness of the staff. I went in one day to check out the cake boxes and, despite having difficulty selecting the right size for the cake I was making, the sales assistant wouldn't actually come and help. She just shouted at me from the front of the shop and left me to it! When I made a return visit, during the day and nowhere near closing time, the staff were different, but again very unhelpful. I almost got the feeling they were annoyed at actually having customers to deal with!This is a great little shop and I certainly wouldn't hesitate to recommend it, but the staff really need to do a little work on their customer service.
5	Lovely little shop offering lots for the professional and amateur baker alike.  Staff have always been helpful and friendly when i've been in.
2	Great location and great selection of cake decorating stuff.  I was having problems sourcing dowels for a cake so thought I would Pop in whilst I  was in the area.  The customer service was pants! I had a good look and could pretty much see everything but dowels.  I asked the woman behind the counter if they had any or was it a case I couldn't see for looking and she very snappily said they will be over there if we have any and flipped her hand in the direction of the dowels, I really should have left then But I REALLY needed those dowlels as my delivery hadn't arrived in time.I had a look and she came over and pointed and said in a very brusque manner well they should be there! I really felt like it was my fault thee were no dowels.  Because of my order not arriving I did need to pick some stuff up but only did so as I was in a fix otherwise I would have left.  I asked for 21's on a stick as they seemed to be every number there but 21 and she snapped again.. We don't have any! Seriously love, it's not my fault but yet you make me feel like it is!As we were paying, another lady came out and she was much more friendly, which is why I gave an extra star.  She explained that the dowels had been ordered but as one thing was out of stock on the order the whole order had been put on hold... There see that wasn't too hard, a friendly member of staff with an explanation... That's all the situation needed, unfortunately she was too late to make my experience a good one because of the awful attitude of her colleague.  I won't be recommending this shop to people which is a shame as they have a good stock of stuff.
