5	Guy's haircuts can be a gamble at chain haircut places... you want a certain style and you end up walking out with some Edward Scissor-Hands creation from someone who has probably only ever had to cut 2 inches off of long strands of women's hair or a chia pet. Maybe they've even shaved a dog before, but they've definitely never done a guy's haircut that involved anything but a "number 3". So far I've had a couple of great cuts from two different ladies here who really know how to deliver on how a guy's haircut should look. Honestly the one I recently had is probably the best haircut I have ever had and this is after going to a place for 6 months that charged me $60 each time after I had 2 consecutive what I would call "prison cuts" at a Great Clips. This last cut blew away any "high end" place I've been too at a fraction of the price. I haven't directly received permission from the owner to post names, but there is some great talent here!
5	i have almost white blond hair, and have been told hard to bleach. i usually end up with light brown roots and a full head of foils. I got tired of spending over 100.00 for hair i was never happy with so i went to my boyfriends hair dresser Teresa. Wish i had gone to her years ago! No brown roots around the ears. No foils for the last 3 times i have gone in( so no hair breakage). My hair looks healthy and evenly colored almost white I love love love! Best thing only $45!!! Sure i could get foils and will eventually but i dont need to, my hair looks great! No orange in it, that used to be a problem. I would highly recommend teresa to anyone!
2	Just moved to the area and had a stylist here recommended to me. I've never been to a "chain" salon before but heard she did great work so figured I'd stop by to schedule an appointment. Walked inside and had two women in front of me waiting to be helped by the receptionist- after the first two women had been helped,  another older woman walks in and goes straight to the counter in front of me and starts chatting up the receptionist...a few seconds later the older woman says to the receptionist "oh well you can help her" and the receptionist looked right at me and said "well she's going to have to wait either way so just go ahead hon" and continues her conversation...I realize I live in a town full of old people who think they don't have to follow the rules, but I would expect more from someone in the service industry. When little miss sunshine receptionist did finally acknowledge me, she rudely informed me that they don't schedule appointments so I asked for the stylists scheudule...she works four weekdays a week from 9am-1pm...I guess that works fine for the trophy wives and retirees of FH but I wish I would have just called and gotten her schedule so I didn't have to even encounter the receptionist in person... I think they forget they're Fantastic Sams....
1	Went in for a haircut and had an employee (boss?) Complain about another employee to me. Not professional. Long waits. No wonder no one wants to work here...
