5	Not kidding: This place is the real deal. I am a recipe developer and salt fiend-- I've purchased salts of all sorts from all over the USA and Europe and this amazing little stall in 7th Street Market carries the BEST I have ever come across! The selection is immense, almost overwhelming except for the fact that the owners are remarkably knowledgable and helpful in getting you to the salt that you want (or maybe didn't even know you wanted). They don't just sell salts, they TEACH about salts. This knowledge means that they bring in only the BEST salts from around the world.The black truffle salt is the most delicious, most POTENT I have ever found anywhere. We are so lucky to have such a cool shop here in Charlotte!UPDATE: Just bought their Japanese Green Shiso Salt today (6/20/13)  and it is SUPERB! It's herbal with a deep umami flavor that I can't wait to use on fish, chicken, vegetables and rice!
5	I just dropped by there for the first time about 40 mins. ago.  My wife and I spoke with Keith who went over quite a few different varieties.  He is a super nice guy.  This is my first foray in flavored salts and the ones he let me try were AMAZING!  That truffle salt smelled and tasted so good that my mouth is watering to try it on the Kobe ribeyes I got in the meat  market right next to it.  This place is a Must-Visit for any local chefs and any back yard chefs like myself.  I have a feeling this will be a regular joint I will be visiting every couple of weeks.  Their selection is so vast it will take quite a few visits to try them all.Thanks Keith!
4	What else can I say but WOW! Finishing salts isn't new to me - I'm a huge fan of finishing salts, I use them often at home.  But Salts of the Earth - located in the 7th Street Public Market - take salts to a whole new level!    My hubby and I were walking around the market, checking out all the vendors, when were stopped by a very nice gentleman, handing us popcorn with truffle salt. With one bite of that popcorn - I was hooked. I had to learn more about these delicious salts.  They have so many different salts, it's hard to count, but I'm sure there is something to interest your taste buds!  I picked up a packet of the "World's Hottest Salt" with the infamous ghost pepper (yikes!), a lemon salt, truffle salt, and "Millionaire's Salt." Can't wait to try them on all my dishes!   The next time you're in the market - Salts of the Earth is a must!
5	Pair an incredibly complex, interesting, and culinary-savvy product with some of the nicest folks you'll ever meet and, BAM, you've got Salts of the Earth. Located within the 7th St Public Market in the middle section (close to barCHOCOLATE and The Sorting Table). Keith and his wife are some seriously cool people. His passion for the product is evident and he is super knowledgeable. They can give you example after example of how to use the specific salts you buy and help you pick out specific notes whilst tasting. Some salts/products of note: Jalapeno Salt: So good and great on things like eggs, steak, or just a slice of freshly baked bread. Truffle salt: Incredible and super pungent. They'll let you try it on popcorn while you're there, probably. Grains of Paradise. SOOOOO Cool. Make sure to have them tell you the story behind it. They taste so interesting and are actually pretty perky and spicy. Such an awesome place to go and procure some fun things to spice your food with. Looking forward to checking out more salts for baking soon.
4	Great salt samples.  They let me sample all different types of sample to get a understand of the wide range of different flavors.  I'll be back to get some more interesting salts.  Current favoraite salt: Chili Verde its good on everything
5	Wowed!!  Love this guy!!  Very knowledgeable of his products and salt in general. Would definitely recommend!
5	So excited to have discovered Salts of the Earth in the 7th st market. Donna gave us a great run-down on all sorts of varieties and we got to sample before we bought. Some of my favorites- million dollar- a combo of black truffle, porcini mushroom and merlot; applewood smoked bacon, and the very exotic Icelandic wild thyme- tasty and very pretty; sriracha- great flavor that you could add to anything youput the sauce on.  I have salts from The Filling Station in Chelsea Market which I have loved using , but after trying the ones at Salts of the Earth I realize the flavors of SotE product are much truer and cleaner and will be my go-to place going forward. Bonus of shopping there is supporting a small local business = good karma :-)
5	Just when you thought salt was a constant that never changed you find out it's just the beginning! Stop in and discover a whole new side to salt, cooking and eating.
5	By far one of the Best products we have purchase for our kitchen!!! We use the six salt package we put together on everything we make from eggs to fruit, from veggies to fish. There is no limit to possibilities. We purchased: Aphrodite Wild Mushroom and Lemon Flake, Halen Mon Garlic Flake and Tahitian Vanilla, Premium Black Truffle, and the Worlds Hottest Salt. The Tahitian Vanilla is amazing on fruit with local honey!!!! The Black Truffle is the Most amazing and we can't stop eating it on everything!!!! You will not be disappointed. They walk you through tasting each one until you leave with a sample pack of wonderful flavors that will blow your mind.
