3	I heard that Moe's was really good, however I was not thrilled with the experience. Just to give you an idea, Moe's is pretty similar to Chipotle but with a southern twist to it. The food was good but I was expecting a bit more from this food chain. The service was pretty weak and most of their employees did not know what they were doing yet! They offer nachos (they were huge), quesadillas, burritos, tostadas and tacos. I liked the fact that they have a lot of toppings you can choose from which are free of charge of course sour cream and guacamole are  usually extra.  Oh and did I mentioned that they have the Coca Cola lifestyle!! Yeee! Overall, a decent lunch/ dinner spot if you are looking for something quick! I will give them another try and hopefully their training curve will be over!
5	So we are from South Carolina where there are many Moe's restaurants. After almost a year of living in Vegas we have desperately missed the "Welcome to Moe's" when you walk in the door and the taste of their yummy quest dip. We are glad we can now go anytime we want I Downtown Summerlin.
2	Very slow service, they're so disorganized with the food line. The nachos were cold, soggy, and chewy by the time I actually got to taste them.
5	Any person who puts a negative review for a restaurant when it first opens is an idiot.  Give every spot a chance to work out there opening jitters.  Please use Yelp to help people make a proper decision on where to eat.  Moe's is just like all the other Mexican spots where you can buy tacos and burritos.   Tired of reading people who bash a spot the day it opens.  Completely irrelevant comments and ratings until at least a few weeks after opening.
3	I've always eaten at Moe's whenever I visit the East coast so I was excited when I found out one had opened here in Vegas. Moe's earns a good solid 2.5*s but I've bumped it up to a 3 because of two things: one, they have burrito bowls that you can easily customize to be low carb (leave out the rice and beans) and two, they have a good, small salsa bar to spice things up! This Moe's location is big inside with lots of easy parking (you don't have to park in the mall's garage which is nice). The interior is new, clean and spacious. The employees were friendly and welcoming and seemed happy to help newbies decipher the menu. Bonus points for having one of those amazing customize-your-own Coke machines (with like 500 drink options). They also have Southern style sweet brewed iced tea.Moe's is a lot like Chipotle where you go down an assembly line and tell the employees behind the counter what you want to add to your burrito. I love being able to customize my meal. Moe's doesn't have any seafood options but they do have grilled tofu (a big plus for my vegan friends). I visited on a Tuesday night around 7 pm and the place was mostly empty. No lines and no crowds at all. I ordered a burrito bowl, low carb with no rice or beans. I opted for grilled chicken breast and I added extra meat (the steak). I was VERY disappointed with the portion sizes of the meat. The amount was SO puny that at first I thought they forgot my "extra meat." I've eaten at Moe's many times and this was even less than the "normal" amount of meat at other locations. Be aware that they screw you on the amount of meat here. Yes, Moe's is expensive for what you get. I left hungry and I added on the side of chips and queso (the cup of queso you get is so small they should be embarrassed to charge what they charge; it's about 5 bites of cheese) and paid extra for "extra meat." The chips are bad, don't waste your money. I think the expense in relation to the portion size would make me not eat here too regularly. I know this location just opened so maybe the employees need training on the amount of meat to serve -- they just seemed to be SO stingy with the meat portions. At least the guy loaded me up with pico and cheese! Overall I'm happy to have another quick service Mexican style option in town.
4	Don't understand the early hate of this place from other reviewers. If you like Chipotle, you'll like this place. It's a little on the expensive end for a fast casual place, we paid $25 for two combos.
2	Having eaten at Moe's several times before across the east coast, my wife and I were very excited to see a new location opening up in Summerlin. We had very high expectations and sadly those expectations were not met. The portion sizes were smaller than they used to be and the prices were not worth the meal that we received.Besides the food, the staff for the most part seemed very miserable. Some had very bad attitudes while others had no idea what was going on around them. The restaurant was not very busy at the time, so there is no excuse for being miserable. The cleanliness of the restaurant left something to be desired. While there was one employee sweeping the floor, there were tables that we dirty and the garbage was overflowing.Overall the experience was very disappointed. We may attempt dining there again in a few months once they figure out their way.
1	I've always wanted to try Moe's! Grand opening was great especially since all the big wigs were there! The next time I went the steak was dried out, the food was not consistent and what really ticks me off is that they measure every little piece of food in my burrito yet it comes with guac yet I barely got any. The staff doesn't seem to know what is going on and most of the food was either over cooked or under cooked such as the rice for my burrito. I really wanted to like this place but I guess growing up in LA and used to REAL Mexican food, this place is too American for me and the lack of flavors or creativity leaves a lot to desire! Zabba's is a lot better and in downtown Summerlin.
2	Showed up on a friday night 12/5/14.  This is my third time here.  The staff is still disorganized.  5 people working and only one is making the food on the line.  The food becomes cold by the time you check out because they are so friendly, but slow..They ran out of chicken when it was my turn to order.  So I waited patiently.  They said they would bring my order out. They served me the wrong order.   and forget my side of guac.  The manager asked if I would like anything for my troubles, so I asked for another small guac and maybe some queso.  She never came back out to the table.  I finished my meal.  Tried to throw away my trash but they removed the trash can for emptying.  I think Zabbas in the same mall is run more efficiently and a better bet.
3	While the staff is helpful and nice, the food is so so. At the same price cafe rio gives more food and better taste. I will say however, some of the different salsas here are worth trying.
5	Cash only for now, but people are friendly and knowledgable about their restaurant. Perfect for lawyers, protestors, and movie makers because the name, MOE, stands for movies, outlaws, and entertainers.
5	This place is delicious!! The staff was very friendly. One of our burritos was massive and didn't look like it would close but one of the girls was amazing and made it close!  They use great ingredients and make sure they aren't all piled in one area but spread out. The meat they use is a fanatic quality and so are their salsas. I will be back!
4	Fresh ingredients and friendly staff! Definitely would recommend and re order the steak burrito bowl!
5	This place is so good! Staff is so friendly and they greet everyone every time someone walks in. I cannot wait until the new store on rainbow and 215 opens,it will be closer to my house and i can go more frequently!
