1	I am writing this for a friend who has had about 40 visits at this Hell office. They cover workmen compensation cases. My friend was injured on the job. To the point that ruptured some disc's in his back.Keeping him in constant pain.  This has been going on for about 10 years now.Seven back surgeries. He is a young guy, and it has ruined his life. He can no longer do the sports that he once loved.Dr. Lisa Stearns is the lead Doctor. However, he never knows when she will actually see him,or if it will be one of the many changing PA's.  Every time he goes in ,there are new employees and his appts. are rarely seen on time.  The last few times he has been in, he has had very unprofessional treatment. As if he is nothing but, a number there. He has just been given his 3rd surgery for his pain pump. They even forgot to turn it on. If you have to go here, give it a 2nd thought ,talk to others who have been here.
1	I cannot strongly enough NOT recommend these people.  I don't even know where to begin.  It is a toss up whether or not you will actually be able to keep your appointment because appointments are routinely "lost" in their computer system.  If you are lucky enough and they can verify your appointment and you get your name called be sure to clear the rest of your day because you will be waiting for hours in the exam room.  Do not expect to build a relationship with a specific PA or doctor because their revolving door swings so fast you'll make yourself dizzy.  Be sure to set up a fund for  yourself so that you can pay for the random drug tests they like to give on an almost monthly basis.  You will need this fund because the tests they give are so extensive they will run you into the hundreds of dollars.  (This is WITH insurance)  And finally, if you decide that you have had enough of their patronizing deprecation and decide to take your care elsewhere do not ask for a letter of discharge.  It will be nasty.
5	I cannot disagree more with these reviews. Dr. Stearns, and PA Jennifer Kiser are without a doubt, the BEST doctors a person who struggles with chronic pain, could ever hope to see.I started as Dr. Stearn's patient when I was just in high school - having seen about 20 specialists before her, for persistent, debilitating, worsening, and sickening nerve pain which no one could diagnose, and everyone refused to treat. I had been given the runaround by doctors more times than I can count - and it had been years of waiting for treatment, only to be told I needed to see someone else. Dr. Stearns was the FIRST doctor to treat me, and offer me any semblance of pain relief. Dr. Stearns never gave up - trying all kinds of medications, physical therapies, procedures, etc etc etc. She did 3 revision surgeries for me - trying to get better coverage with a neurostimulator. When I went away for college, and then again when I moved after getting married, I experienced other pain doctors. Only upon Dr. Stearns' recommendation did I finally find a doctor in KY who understood my condition, and was able to treat me. I have NEVER found another doctor who has the tenacity and perseverance and compassion that Dr. Stearns and Jennifer Kiser have. Ever.  One of the reasons my husband and I moved back to AZ was for my health; and the fact that I was able to re-enter Dr. Stearns' practice gave us such reassurance about that decision. Not having to find a new pain specialist - but instead getting to come back to a doctor I'd known for so long, who knew me so well...it was just the greatest! I have had a pain pump since 2008. Back in 2012, Dr. Stearns surmised that the catheter that was supposed to be getting the pain medication from the pump into my spinal fluid was broken - and therefore I wasn't getting the proper dose. She was the 1st doctor to get a new kind of catheter, reinforced with fiberglass, and she made sure I was one of the 1st patients to receive it. I am only 29 years old, and Dr. Stearns and Jennifer Kiser have, and continue, to do all they possibly can to encourage and support me in my goals towards an active and fulfilled life; despite my chronic pain condition. I recently started with the Yoga Practitioner for the CPSC, and can't say enough good about her as well. I feel that I am being given the utmost in care. Dr. Stearns is not  wishy washy, nor is she intimidated by anyone. You cannot push her around. For me , this is incredibly refreshing, and gives me great assurance. I want a doctor who will tell me the truth; who will go above and beyond and never give up, and who will let me know how I can best participate in my own wellness. Dr. Stearns is ultimately skillled, and proactive; and I am forever grateful for her.
