1	The worst Thai food I've ever had! This place was recommended to us by another couple, and wow was I disappointed!Everything was completely blase and tasteless, the only exception being the extreme spiciness of my fiance's entree(probably to make up for the lack of other spices)...don't bother with this place.
5	We love this place and vist at least once a month.  Never had a bad experience or had a long wait.  As far as the spiciness of the food, I always order everything medium hot.  Sometimes it's spicier than others, but it's always good.  Be aware, though, that some of the dishes aren't intended to be super spicy.  If you want spicy, you must ask.  Remember, this restaurant is in Sun City.  The retired set doesn't dig spice the way younger folks often do!  As far as starters, I'm not crazy about the fried tofu.  It's cold and yes, kind of tasteless.  Go for soup #24, the Tom Kha Kai.  If you're vegetarian, just say so and they'll substitute other veggies for the chicken (still has fish sauce in the soup, though I personally make an exception for that since it's so great). Whatever leftover soup you take home goes well over rice.  The fried bananas are good, too.  Skip the deep fried egg rolls if you're wanting something spicy.  They're tasty, but rather generic as far as flavor goes.The red curry tofu, Kaeng Dang Tofu (#81), is my favorite.  The green curry doesn't have quite the depth the red does.  Sadly, there isn't a yellow curry in a vegetarian version.  Order the brown rice.  It's not that gummy, wad of newspaper-tasting stuff that some places want you to believe is brown rice.  This brown rice is chewy, but with a pleasant, nutty flavor.  I ate quite a bit of it plain and liked it very much.Also, ask for mango sticky rice as your dessert.  It's not on the menu, but when they have it during Thai mango season, it is to die for.
2	I am not sure why there were great reviews of this place in Chowhound.   I decided to go because of them, and was disappointed.  It was decent if you are craving Thai food but have nowhere else to go to in the area, but not amazing.  Also, halfway during our meal, there was the distinct smell of sewage that wafted thru--not sure what it was from.  Both my significant other & I smelled it.  I won't be back.
4	I have been going to this place for a few years now. I was born in Bangkok and am half Thai.My mother also owned a top valley Thai restaurant back in the 80's. Before she passed on.  I love the Prik King nya here. It is green beans with red chili paste and beef. Very tasty! Also a great soup to try is Tom kha gai. It is a cocconut milk,lime broth with chili, chicken, mushroom and galangal( like a thai ginger root). All their soups are great, but I like this and the wonton the best.And the shrimp fried rice rocks! I love it. When you go, get a side of prik kee noo, or just say chili's with fish sauce. They bring out a little bowl of it and is the best sauce I tried at any thai place. Even better then my moms sauce.One of the best salads to get is the Som Tam. WOW! I loved this. An exquisite mix of flavors just burst in your mouth. My husband who has never had this expected it to be fruity because it is made with papaya. But this is unripe papaya and its nice light and crunchy.I am not real crazy about the noodle dishes. It can be hit or miss. I have ordered pat thai here before a few times, and it is always different. So now I stick to my other favorites and hopefully I can find awesome pat thai somewhere..I am so picky when it comes to that particular dish.I would never go into a Thai restaurant and order something bland or something like sweet and sour chicken. The staff here is always friendly!Give it a shot and see how ya like it! lunch specials here are great with much variety. There is also a vegetarian section for those non meat lovers.
5	I am a huge fan of Thai food and have eaten at a lot of Thai places. This place is great! I have been there many, many times. The food is great and so is the service. Highly recommended!
5	Just when I'm about to give up on my search for good Thai around Glendale, I stumble upon a true diamond in the rough. Don't be fooled by the shabby looks of the outside plaza; the inside is contrarily well orchestrated with subtle Thai ornaments and design. A huge desk in the lobby and bigger one inside the dining hall gives this establishment an odd but distinct hotel feel. Much like that feeling, the service is intriguingly exceptional from the time you walk into the front door. The food that I've tried here so far is... may I say it... divine. I started off with the squid salad with mint and lemongrass and it was packed with fish sauce and shrimp paste. Score. I also tried some papaya salad and once again, it was mounded in fish sauce and chili. Splendid. Then I had the minced beef phad kaprow (which is not on the menu) and lo and behold, I was tasting Phuket in a Bangkok sort of way. To be honest... the sauces from each of these entrees mingle quite well. You can drizzle some of each dripping over rice and literally have an orgy in your mouth of Mormonic proportions. You can also bolster it with some more heat with their chili fish sauce, again drizzled all over your concoction. Let your adventurous mind roam free and order something outside the pad thai genre. It will pay off handsomely.
4	We go there two or more times a month and have not had a single bad experience. Not to mention they are the only Thai place I've found west of the 101. My girlfriend only gets the Phad Thai, but I try everything and would recommend going back multiple times because there is a lot to choose from. If your in the area for weekday lunch you can't beat their deal.The services is always smiling and greeting everyone that walks in the door within a reasonable amount of time.
4	Was visiting my Mom in the area and had a hankering for some Thai food (I am spoiled living in LA area with plethora of choices). We started with tum yum gai soup which was delicious.  Well balanced with spicy and flavor of lemongrass and chicken.  Also ordered fish cakes appetizer also wonderful!  Ordered Pad Thai and Gapow with beef as main dishes and all very authentic and delicious.  Service was quick and friendly while the inside environment is clean and nicely decorated.  I highly recommend this for some good, tasty authentic Thai food!
5	This is my go to Thai place so far on the west side. Cute little place inside, people are always friendly, and the food is delicious!Please don't go here looking for Chinese food... There have been a couple times I've overheard people asking them for items you'd see at a Chinese food place - I'm sure they get it all the time and surprisingly they were nice about recommending dishes. The food is super authentic and so far I've liked everything I ordered. The pork fried rice never disappoints and the larb gai was really good too. Even better is that the bill never hurts my wallet and I usually walk out with my extras I couldn't finish.
5	Some of the best Thai food we have ever had.  Good Phad Thai and Phad See Iiw.  Can't wait to get back!  The people here are the kindest we have ever met.  We came here for our wedding rehearsal dinner and they took good care of us.
3	I guess I have high standards when judging a restaurant.  I like the place to look nice on the outside, nice decor on the inside, greeted promptly upon entering, service to be attentive, and the food to be delicious.  Some restaurants get high marks and others don't.Located on a busy Bell Rd in Sun City the restaurant is a good choice for the area.  The outside is very inviting and I can see why this place attracts many people to the establishment.  The foyer upon walking in is beautiful, decor on the wall is nice, music is soothing, but the table and chairs stand out to be very boring.  Kind of family style I would say.The service I experienced was just ok and the food was a little above average.  Prices are very reasonable for what you get and this could be another reaon why it's a busy place.All in all this restaurant serves a purpose for the area.  Worth it to check out if nearby.  Otherwise it's not a die to go place.
3	Overall: The food is good, not great. For the price the food is better than most at the same cost so I will continue to go here when I'm in the area.Food Quality: 8/10 - I did find some frozen peas & carrots in a curry tonight... really!? The other dishes had fresh and they were good. Why skimp on the curry?Food Flavor: 7/10 - the Tom soups are very good, some of the best I've had anywhere. The Garlic Shrimp was very good also. The curry dishes and other standard entrees are average.Service: 8/10-  Not overly attentive but I've been happy and never had a problem. The people are very nice.Decor: 6/10- nothing special but you don't go here for the decor anyway.
5	I was placing Line Thai as my second choice for a while, but they are starting to tie for my first.  We went on a whim the other night and had their phad Thai for the first time, it is the best I have had.  We also ordered our usual Thai fried rice, and it was as AMAZING as ever!!  I have also had the yellow curry many times and it is great, as well as the pork dumpling soup and it is great also.  Their Thai tea is wonderful! Also the service is always wonderful!
2	The food was okay, however the decor is quite outdated. I would have enjoyed it much more if the restaurant didn't smell dingy.
5	OMG!!!  Phat Thai (Pad Thai)  I ordered it super spicy and my wishes were fulfilled.  Whenever it's cold I like to warm the inside of my body, and WOW, my lips were flaming the whole drive home.  I also ordered an appetizer, the fried tofu with spicy sauce, that was very good as well.  So stoked on this place!!!!
1	I have never written a review on a restaurant before. Based on the reviews, we decided to go to Line Thai tonight. We walked in and were seated. We were given a death trap high chair for our 6 month old and my 5 year old was given nothing. I asked if they had a kids menu and he said no but our only option would be to order a full adult dinner plate for our son. We sat there for at least 10 minutes and nobody had come to the table. The place was NOT busy. It was then that we decided to leave. I have never in my entire life walked out of a restaurant. If I walk in, I order. If I don't like it, I just don't come back. I couldn't even do that here! We were getting up to leave and a waitress finally came to our table. We told her why we were leaving and instead of offering something to get us to stay, she just said "okay!" Glad I didn't spend my money here! NOT kid friendly!
3	Not a bad place. Pretty much the only Thai restaurant in the area (I think the next closest is Bell and 43rd but maybe there's something south). I've had plenty of Thai before and this place is fairly average by comparison, which basically means that it's worth return visits. I've been here a few times and it's pretty consistent - a large seating room, never had to wait more than a few minutes for a table (usually we're seated immediately on arrival), the food's ready pretty quickly and if you order spicy you get spicy. One of the highlights of the restaurant is the male waiter. He bows, scrapes and simpers in a way that almost makes me chuckle whenever I go, almost like a Saturday Night Live parody of a waiter. The Sun City q-tips apparently love this place too; I've seen several greeting cards from people to the restaurant owners placed out front. Restrooms are kept very clean as well. Best tasting Thai I've had in Phoenix so far is Thai Lahna (http://www.yelp.com/biz/thai-lahna-restaurant-phoenix) but that's a little too much of a drive for me. This place does nicely for us when we're after something other than the boring old Grand and Bell chains. And GOD I wish there was an Indian restaurant near us..
5	Who knew?! This place reminded my friend and I of an old hotel lobby on the inside. It had an interesting entrance with a few main seating areas to the left and right of the lobby. They have lots of tables, which they keep really clean. If you like Thai food, eat here. The food was delicious! Great portions too! We ordered Phat Thai with veggies. It had the right amount of everything! We also ordered a veggie curry. If you are not a big eater, each dish has plenty to share. The service was friendly and attentive...even when we were the last ones there at the end of the night.I'll definitely be back next time I'm in Phoenix!
1	I don't care if the restaurant did smell like a hospice and the decor is like a cheesy buffet in Reno, Nevada, but I do care about the food. First off, I went in this place saying it's a Thai spot in Surprise but the white rice was undercooked...HOW DO YOU MESS UP ON JASMINE RICE. I'm done...
4	Our group of three arrived shortly after noon, and considering this is in a strip mall on busy Bell Road, I was a bit surprised that not only we didn't have a wait, but the lobby and dining areas seemed relatively empty. I hoped this wasn't a harbinger of things to come.We were seated promptly after being asked our table/booth preference, and given menus and waters right away. After a few minutes of poring over the extensive menu, our waitress came by to take our order. There were too many items to choose from, so we needed help with our decision, which the waitress was helpful with. The guys ordered lunch specials ($6.95 each, served with soup, rice, and egg roll); one was a chicken/pineapple sweet dish, which the waitress said they couldn't do spicy, but she could bring out hot red pepper to sprinkle on, as well as what may have been homemade chili hot sauce in a dish. The other  was some sort of chicken dish ordered extra spicy, and he was a bit surprised (but not disappointed) it had *very* hot sliced hot peppers in it. I ordered off the regular menu, Phat Thai (pad thai) for $8.95 ordered extra "Thai" spicy, which was served with soup and it was delicious. There were several pieces of tender chicken but only two large shrimp in the noodle dish, which was probably enough to split in half and take home, but I didn't because it was too tasty. All in all the food and service were very good, the only reason for only four stars was it just didn't go that extra mile in ambiance, price, etc. that makes someone rave about a new favorite to recommend driving across the state for. Maybe just across the West Valley.
2	The food is just okay. I have had better. Service is slow.
4	We love going to Line Thai!  The friendly service with their huge smiles are always a wonderful welcome.  The pricing is great, especially during lunch.  We love their Thai Ice Tea -- what a sweet treat!We've tried a variety of their dishes and have never been disappointed.The atmosphere is nothing fancy, just a simple, family-owned joint, doing a great job!
4	I was fairly surprised to visit Line Thai and find some decently authentic, good-tasting Thai food. I'd always assumed that this area of Phoenix was (excuse me for the pun) totally dry on ethnic food, considering I had a hard time finding pho within a ten-mile radius of my parents' place in Surprise.Anyways, I chose the pad si yew (spelling varies all over the place, I think they spell it "phat si iew") and my father ordered some kind of chicken cashew dish. Both were excellent, though a little more in the line of American tastes -- not as spicy, and the pad si yew wasn't cooked slightly burnt like I recall it traditionally is made -- it was pretty tasty.The hot tea was a great companion to my meal as well.The service was great without being too pushy, invasive, or sloppy. They always refilled my water in a timely manner and didn't interrupt my conversation with my dad. That's important to me -- that servers don't bust into your conversation with little to no consideration of personal space.My parents had been there several times and enjoyed it, so now I see why they liked it. Oh, and their spring rolls and the accompanying peanut and hot sauces were also delicious -- not the best I've ever had but super-tasty.The atmosphere is a little dry (what is it with this word? Sorry) but I can live with it. The booths were comfy and it's not like the place was musty or gross. Not every good restaurant needs to be chic and trendy, really.All in all, it was a nice experience at a reasonable price and I'll definitely make a visit next time I hang out with the 'rents.
4	great place, Awesome food, friendly service, bathrooms are clean and the atmosphere is calm (Sun City, hehe). The only bummer is that the kitchen closes from 230 - 5pm.My favorite flavors are the southern Asian cuisines; Thai, Vietnamese, Muong, & a touch of Indian. This is very good Thai. This is a BIG favorite lunch spot!!
4	Can't go wrong with this place, I love the Thai pork fried rice and beef satay as my default choices.
5	I love this place! For the past 3 years, I have been frequenting the Line Thai Restaurant even though it's quite a drive for me. The food is outstanding and the service is friendly and accommodating. I've brought guests in the past who are on special medical diets. The chefs are more than happy to cook to order. To add to it all, the atmosphere is quiet and the seating is spacious. If you like Thai food, check out the Line Thai, for sure!!
4	After work one night, I had a rediculous craving for some Thai Curry, so I remembered driving past this place and always seeing cars parked out front.  So, I thought, let's go there!  Glad I did!  I was a little freaked out when I pulled up @ 7PM, and there were no cars in the parking lot.  Then again, it is in Sun City, so their dinner rush ends @ 6, so it made sense.  I ordered the Yellow Curry with Rice and the Fish Patty with Cucumber Chili sauce as an appetizer.  Everything was so flavorful!  I would recommend this place to anyone looking for a great Thai experience.  I did not give this a 5, only because I am still learning about Thai food.
3	Good Thai food here.  I always get the bananas with honey for dessert!  Try it!  As for the food they use just a little too much oil.  The service staff are so kind.  I will come here from time to time when I am in the Phoenix area.
2	They changed the menu since I was here last. The Phad Thai was not as good as I remember. My mom ordered the eggplant with chicken, it was okay, she said she would not order it again. My husband ordered the Beef Green Curry extra "Thai hot". It was very hot, however they skimped on the amount of Beef in the dish. It should be called a Vegetable green curry with a Beef garnish.There were only two servers for the whole dining area, they were overwhelmed due to a large group of 15 people, the service was slower than usual.The place is cheap and clean. I'd recommend the satay chicken for an appetizer. Overall it's an okay place...it's the Thai food restaurant in Sun City. I'd miss the old Line Thai, maybe they got a new cook?
4	We are repeat customers here. Their service is always great and the food is very good.
5	This place is great. We eat here, probably once a week. The Phad Thai is fabulous--my favorite--but everything else is great too. The staff is from Thailand, and they are extremely nice. The decor is lovely. Also, they'll do many of their dishes with tofu if you're vegetarian.
5	Is this place hip, trendy or pretty in any way? No. Do they make amazing food? YES. Ive eaten here many times and tried several things...many of the curries, soups, the phad eggplant (which I get cravings for all the time) as well as many of their shrimp, chickn and noodle dishes. I have never had a bad meal here. Ever. The food is fresh, authentic and tasty. They will respect your need (or lack of) for spicyness. The staff is very sweet. I will keep on coming here and would recommend this unassuming place to anyone!
1	Went to Line Thai tonight with visiting relatives. It was not busy but we stood over 10 minutes just to be seated. Then we waited 15 minutes without seeing a waitress. No water, no order taking, no nothing. Finally just left.  I have no idea if the food is any good but the service is terrible. Many people were complaining. This restaurant is understaffed and needs a professional manager.  I will not go back.
5	Fantastic Thai food....My husband and I had lunch there today, service was fast and efficient. We had were seated and had our beverages very quickly. Try the ice coffee all I can say is it is addictive and so delicious.  I had the barbeque chicken and my husband had a beef dish with asparagus both were excellent we also ordered a #74 which we took home with us. The portions were large and we will be going back very soon for to try more of there menu.
5	We were looking for a place for dinner on a Friday night ... after driving past all the chain restaurants at Arrowhead with the long lines, we decided to try Line Thai instead.  No lines!  We had the Green Curry and Phad Egg Plant.  Both were excellent.   Everyone was friendly and the service was great!  However, the coconut ice cream was the best!  We'll definitely go back the next time we're in the area!
5	Killer service, great food (especially the spicy chicken soup) and family owned atmosphere. Been here many times in the last few years, never had a bad meal. I reccomend it to anyone who enjoys Thai food.
5	Exceptional service, very good food, nice quiet environment.
3	I was surprised to see the decor upon entering the restaurant. I was imagining a tiny hole in the whole restaurant but was pleasantly surprised. The staff were friendly and we were seated promptly. We ordered seafood thom kah (we asked for seafood to be added), pad seew, and #41 eggplant dish. The seafood thom kah was served a few minutes after ordering and was very good. I wished it was a little bit more spicier but we did asked for "medium" spiciness. The other two dishes arrived maybe 25 minutes after we ordered. (reason for 3 stars). And that was the only bad thing.. Both dishes were delectable. My picky 2 yr old liked the noodles so much that he did a happy dance while eating.
3	Visited on 07/07. As a West Valley resident, I'm still searching for a great Thai restaurant closer to home. Hubby and I usually go to Scottsdale for really good Thai food. It was our wedding anniversary, so we wanted to go out, to a place we hadn't been before. We were going to dine at another Thai place around 83rd & Bell, but it had received such horrible reviews of their food and service, we decided to give Line Thai a try. Line Thai had actually been recommended by an associate who is Thai herself. We started out with the chicken satay appetizer. While the flavor was pretty good, the bright orange color and slightly rubbery texture of the chicken was a little off-putting. Loved the little sliced cucumbers/onion/jalapeno it came with, though. I ordered Thai BBQ chicken, which arrived on a sizzling flat skillet. White meat was a bit dry, but the dark meat was very tasty. Hubby judges all Thai restaurants by their Pad Thai, so ordered their version, medium spice. He gave it a thumbs up. I thought it was okay, with a little more tang to it than I'm used to. Prices are very reasonable and portions were enough for leftovers. As an aside, I used the leftover chicken in a fried rice dish I made the next day (really good flavor), and the Pad Thai actually tasted better the next day. The owners/servers are extremely kind, albeit a bit on the shy side, but efficient. Our dishes were served promptly, and our water glasses were filled without us having to ask. I'm still in search of a WOW factor, and I didn't get it from this visit. However, we would visit again and maybe order a couple of other dishes to really make a firm decision on this place.
5	We love the food here. The curry dishes are fantastic and we seem to always go back to them. We also find the food to be very consistent which is great if you find something you really like, you can expect the same flavor the next time around when you order the dish.Service/staff is super friendly.Highly recommended!!
2	The 4-star rating must be geographically influenced because there isn't anything special about Line Thai. When you first walk in, it feels, looks and smells old - like a cafeteria for elderly people with Thai decorations. The staff was extremely attentive and friendly but the food was mediocre. The crab puff appetizer was your basic attempt and the curry (yellow & red) were bland and watery, unlike any Thai restaurant I've ever been too. There are much better Thai restaurants in the Phoenix area.
4	What can I say about Line Thai?! I always get friendly service and I can't get enough of their Tom Yum Kai soup! Try #38, it's my favorite.
3	Decent Thai but I have had better..more than likely will not go back. The service was good though so I gave it a 3 based on that aspect alone. The pad thai was made with a weird powder instead of the usual spice and my red curry was kind of bland. The owner however is really nice so if you want exceptional service but mediocre food, give it a try.
4	Good food . The service here is excellent!! The people are so friendly. I love this place!
3	Line Thai proudly displays their large pile of grade "A" health inspection reports in the lobby.The owner was very thoughtful and picked chairs for elderly or handicapped people because of the wheels on the chair legs for ease of movement. Booths are also available.They started us off with a cup of complimentary egg noodle soup. The soup seemed house made and good but did have some frozen vegetables in itI ordered the Phad Eggplant with Chicken. I thought the sauce was very good and I liked the fresh vegetables in it. The white meat chicken was sort of dry and didn't seem developed with flavor but OK and passable. They use jalapeno peppers here and I know it's a substitute for Thai banana peppers but I would have preferred Thai Birdseye chills. The medium hot was a perfect heat level I thought.My companion had one of the shrimp dishes. He ordered it hot and said it was just slightly hotter than mine and thought the heat was mostly from the jalapeno peppers. He said the shrimp were cooked perfect and he thought the sauce was also very good.Service was extremely courteous and timely.I will be back sometime for lunch because Satara no longer is open for lunch on the weekends and I think Line Thai is the next closest Thai.Better than other Thai places I gave three stars to but not quite as good as Thai Places I gave four stars to.A very solid three stars.3.5 stars
5	I've eaten here for lunch at least once a week for about two years.  I absolutely love the food here, and the service is fantastic.  It's also a bargain for the price.  Try the #4 medium on the lunch menu or the Hot & Sour soup.  The yellow curry (#2 lunch), red curry (#3 lunch) and the #6 lunch are also delicious.  I love this place!
1	I have eaten here off and on over the years always with enough time elapsed that I forgot why I didn't return.  This time I know fully why I won't.  There is no vegetarian/vegan option among the spring rolls, STRIKE ONE.  Most of the entrees are made to order, so substitution of tofu for the meat takes care of vegan concerns.  I stressed I want the dish to be spicy hot 12 on scale 10, in other words Thai spicy.  Too many Sun City customers have made them timid, at best the dish was about a 7. STRIKE TWO. I asked for their spice rack/tray, I believe they needed to get it out of moth balls. Spice added after the fact is never as flavorful as spice added during cooking, STRIKE THREE.  Now with this posted, I knew why I don't return.
3	The curry and traditional decor is cute. Lunch prices at $7 are descent. The fried wonton was boring and seemed to be an excuse to make you think you were getting more for your money.  The eggroll was mediocre. The mustard sauce, not for me. The yellow curry was nice and flavorful. The barbecued chicken was dry and the least successful dish for me.
4	Good food, good service. Love the chairs on wheels. Recommend
4	Went here with my father and brother while running errands in the area. We hadn't been to Line Thai in a long long time. After our meal, we questioned why we hadn't come back sooner!!! Busy I guess... We all ordered curry dishes, and thai hot. Lets just say all 3 of us who are big spicy food guys all had to get extra napkins to wipe away our tears and runny noses while chowing down on some delicious food. I couldn't eat the complimentary soup since I am vegan but they do have vegan/vegetarian options which is nice. All of our meals were very tasty and very hot!!! I'll definitely come back again. The decor is slightly old and in an old shopping area near/in sun city but I don't go to a restaurant because the decor is "cute" or "hip," I go for the food!!!!!
5	Love it here!  We have tried almost everything - and everything is great!  I enjoy the panang myself and the hubby likes the yellow curry and the garlic vegetables.  We go at least once a week.  We've been to other Thai places and we consider ourselves Thai snobs - this is really authentic Thai.  Love it!
5	Great service. Great food. That's all I got to say. Love it here
5	Unlike our resident Vegan Umpire "Wayne" (Who can't seem to understand you cannot ask for anything past a 10 on a 1-10 scale, LOL) I thought this restaurant hit a home run!
2	I've eaten at Thai restaurants in several cities in Thailand.   (The best is simple street-vendor food.)  I've also eaten in many different Thai restaurants in the US.  This restaurant is NOT GOOD.  It wasn't horrible, but was nothing to write home about.  I ordered the laab (they spell it lap).  It was just okay.  I also ordered the Panang curry.  It was terrible.  Panang curry should be a fairly light curry with kafir lime and a special mix of spices and a very subtile hint of peanut.  Their Panang was a very dark, heavy peanut sauce with no hit of what Panang curry should taste like.  Really less than good!  First and last time for this one.
5	Delicious Thai food at a very reasonable price.  The Phat Thai is amazing, and whenever you order something spicy they ask what level of spice you want in your dish.  I've never tried anything hotter than medium because the medium is VERY spicy.  Really love their red curry as well as coconut ice cream made right at the restaurant.  The atmosphere is very quiet - mostly older couples or small groups dining together.
5	Everything I have ever eaten here has been FABULOUS.  I have tried every curry they serve and it's hot spicy wonderfulness tailored to your own personal heat level.  If you like Thai food, you have to try this place.
4	Good Spring Rolls and excellent Tom Ka Kai Soup (Coconut).  The actual building could use some work, but solid food.
4	Shrimp fried rice and pad Thai were very good.  The place wasn't much to look at but most of the restaurants off the beaten path aren't, its the food that brings you in.  This place had the food and the staff was attentive.
5	If you like serious shrimp Spring Rolls, you will love the healthy/tasty ones they serve here.  My husband and I decided to try lunch here the other day as we drive past it regularly.  We were pleasantly surprised at the nice decor and comfortable booths.  From the outside, you can't tell how nice it is on the inside.  Our waitress brought water right away and took our order quickly.  I will warn you, when the menu shows an image of a pepper, trust me, it is a spicy dish!  So order based on your body's ability to handle hot and spicy.  My only negative was the waitresses inability to explain the dishes in English.      I had to depend on the menu description.   I wanted more details, but that isn't worth taking away a star.
5	Wow...best customer service I've had in a while....and great food too?! Definitely hit the jack pot. Will be seeing more of me for sure .
5	My fiance and I went for dinner tonight. Out of all the thai food we have had, this place beats them all. The soups are awesome. I got a #35 and he got a #40 both were outstanding. I have never has thai tea with creme...let me say I will be coming back for the tea as well as the food. Great staff and awesome food!
5	I was told this place is amazing for THAI food, I happened to be in town for the weekend and decided to check it out.First thing I noticed when I walked in was how clean the place was. It was clean, organized, and the color of the place blended really well.We were greeted right away and seated. The wait staff is very friendly and attentive (came back and filled our water glasses frequently).We ordered the shrimp pad thai, silver noodle with shrimp and a soup (can't think of the name). I highly recomend these. We ordered them with mild spice, but you can get them anyway you like.It def was one of the best Thai places I've been too.I will def return next time I'm in town.
5	Ordering Chicken Curry is the standard way to compare Thai restaurants.  Their curry is so good, I rarely order anything else!Great Thai in Sun City area, and just a step away from Arrowhead Mall.
5	Great thai food at a great price. Love the curry and the noodle dishes. We've only gotten take out but I look forward to dining in soon. The woman at the counter was friendly and the place looked very clean. Highly recommend this place!
5	This place really is authentic. Their green curry with chicken is delicious, and if you decide to get it hot (as in spicy), then be sure to order some coconut ice cream to help cool you down and help that sweet tooth.
5	So very good here yummyIf you like Thai food this will be the best place for on the Westside you'll get great service good atmosphere and great delicious food, The place is all family ran and  the staff is very very attentive.
5	Just picking up some to go lunches for the seniors smells delicious.So very good here yummy.If you enjoy Thai food and you love great service you still need to come to this place is very delicious.
4	Just very good food. The area, building and the decor has something to be desired, but we really like the food and the Thai iced tea with cream.
3	I had an eye doctor appointment near by so my wife & I stopped here after after the  eye appointment. We soon learned this place was The restaurant is family owned. I love supporting mom & pop businesses. The restaurant was not crowded so I was a little worried but my wife reminded me it was past a normal lunch time. We started our meal with a pot of soup. It was the most amazing tasting soup I've had in ages and I love soup especially on a cold winter's day like we've been having in Phoenix lately. Having a pot of soup allowed us to have several delectable helpings after another. I almost wanted to order some soup to take with us it was so good..   Our waitress suggested a few if their specialty dishes too us but being from Thailand, was a little hard to understand. However that being said she was extremely nice. lovely.  Whatever we had ( some sort of noodle dish) we both thought it was delicious and our dishes came out quickly & hot.FOOD: Was excellent. The aroma from the food made my mouth water. SERVICE: Professional & attentive. PRICE: The prices on the lunch menu were compatible to other Asian type restaurants in the valley. They were very reasonable. CONCLUSION: Nice atmosphere that offers a relaxed atmosphere, where diners are not rushed. The portions were just right for lunch. RETURN FACTOR 100%.       ******************* What does my OVERALL rating mean? ********************5 stars -Highly recommended.  I would be willing to drive out of my way to this business. It is that good. This place represents their industry or cuisine very well! 4 stars - Highly Recommended. I would frequent this business. 3 stars - Not that good but not that bad. Just average. I wouldn't mind going again. 2 stars - I would not recommend this establishment to friends or family. 1 stars - DO YOURSELF A FAVOR AND DO NOT patronize this business. I would RUN AWAY from this place and you should too! DON'T WAST YOUR HARD EARNED MONEY AT THIS ESTABLISH
4	From the outside it looks lonely in a bare parking lot, but the inside is is much different. Nicely decorated and spacious. I was craving Thai Iced Tea and elided to give it a shot based on reviews here. The food was yummy and priced really conservative compared to other Thai places I've been. The Thai Tea was good, not the best I've had but it definitely satisfied my craving. But what I love most about this place is the service; the waiters (undoubtedly part owners) were so nice and accommodating. There was a male and female and the guy had a perpetual smile on his face. I was really pleased I went here because both were so welcoming and helped make suggestions on the menu. I would not hesitate to go back when my pad thai craving rolls around.
4	Went here with my homegirl.... restaurant was full which was a good sign. they served us quickly and the food didn't take long to come out. I had yellow curry with chicken medium hot and my friend had pat thai medium hot. Both were delicious! We're glad we tried it. Very reasonable pricing also.
5	This is the best Thai food I have had from their eggplant dish to their pad thai noodle dishes to the soups and the many other dishes I have tried there. I always keep coming back not only for the food but the great service. The pricing is pretty standard, $8-9 for a dish but they are large portions so definitely worth it.The only negative is the lack of choice for dessert. They only have coconut ice cream (which is really good) and coconut custard. The place is usually not crowded so you're immediately seated with no wait time (I've been there for both lunch and dinner). The bathrooms are okay, they need a bit of updating but are clean. I gave it a 5 star mainly for the food and service, things like the dessert menu and the bathrooms can be easily "remodeled".
2	The spring rolls are good! We didn't think the pork fried rice was anything but greasy and flavorless! No one greeted us when we came in and we waited for a table in front of their sign for five minutes before we saw an employee, who did not greet us or seat us! Hmm...not sure the service was as good as the spring rolls. A star for each and -3 for the extra grease!
5	We've been here 3 times since discovering this gem last Fall.  Superior customer service -  cheerful staff.  From appetizers,  fried rice, noodle dishes, fish entrees, each order has been delicious and substantial.  Prices are fair and portions large so with leftovers, we get two meals for the price of one.  Clean restaurant - it's obvious this family run business strives to be the best.
2	The food is decent but the facility has a smell about it that turns my stomach. Upon looking around the carpet is grossly dirty.
5	We go to Line Thai often and love the food.  They have the best soups and curries.  This is one of our favorite thai food spots in Phoenix.  It's cheap and high quality.  Judging from the outside, wouldn't really necessarily grab my attention but is worth checking out for some good spicy comfort food.  I have been referred here by a few people separately and decided to try - definitely worth it.  And the wait staff is always friendly and helpful.  Feels a little like family when you're there.   Highly recommend!
4	This is one of our favorite spots for Thai! The Tom Yum Gai is crazy delicious. If you get a chance try the #38. We do ours medium with chicken and add carrots and bell peppers.
4	I pick up Thai food from this restaurant all the time. I always order my curry "hot", because usually the hottest available is not even spicy to me. BOY, WAS THIS CURRY HOTTTT! And delicious! Give Line Thai a try if you're in the area!
5	An explosion of flavors!  We tried several dishes and loved them all. Authentic seasoning and mixtures of fresh vegetables and pasta along with an awesome peanut sauce.
4	First time to eat at this Thai restaurant. The service was very good.  The appetizer was great. (Good spring rolls). The soup was very tasty and a little spicy, but not too hot. And the price is just right. I will certainly be back! Thanks for a wonderful lunch! Oh, and the Thai Ice Tea is delicious!
4	I went to this place 2 25pm sadly they were close but i spoke to the gentleman work there and got thai tea to go.thai tea is little bit over sweet but over all is very good.come back at night around 7 30 ordered pad thai it was delicious.the gentleman who severed me was very nice.would come back definitely!!!
3	I've been meaning to eat here for some time after reading some promising reviews. Went for lunch and I'll start with initial ambiance and feel of the place itself. It does smell of the bathrooms when you walk in as some of the previous reviews mentioned. The carpet really needs to be replaced and the booth we sat in was like sitting on wood, no cusioning. The staff was very friendly and courteous. I really like curry so I tried the red curry with veggies and tofu and wasn't that excited as it was very milky , not enough curry. My wife had the veggie fried rice and said it was good. I'd have to try another dish to give this place another chance but the smell and everything being very run down is a turnoff.
2	Som Tom (papaya salad)...what can I say other than a HUGE disappointment.  Okay, so I have been in Thailand and do know what this papaya salad is really supposed to taste like, and I see absolutely no similarity between Line Thai's and the real thing.  I was so psyched to go here that I am bummed they haven't perfected this fantastic papaya salad.  It's almost like they got a papaya, sliced it thin in sticks (so far so good), threw some roasted peanuts on it and some vinegarette type sauce with some slices of red pepper....uh, not Kosher.  They need to work on this one.However, my friend loved his and has been here many times.  Nothing but compliments on his dish (whatever it was it had beef).Seeing as I have heard only good things about this place, I will give it a 2 star for how clean, how professional the service is and how quickly they bring out the food.  But my dish itself rates a big zero--sadly.I will come back here soon, try something else and see if that isn't alot better.  Maybe my other fav Thai thing:  Pad Thai.  If they screw that up...I'm done with Line Thai.
5	Yes yes yes.  This is REAL authentic Thai food.  We've been to others in the valley and they claim to be authentic - but they are really just watered down versions of thai food.  There are Thai cooks here making food like they would in Thailand.  LOVE IT.  The panang is amazing, green basil curry, lemongrass soup, yellow curry, spring rolls - oh man we've had almost everything on the list.  Definitely a great place to get food you can't get anywhere else.
4	Yum!! The egg and spring rolls r delish! Red curry is a family favorite along with the pad tai.
5	I had to go back, the food is so good. I took friends with me and they enjoyed it very much. Great service and good prices. Oh yes had to have the delicious Thai iced tea!! If you like Thai, you'll love this place.
5	Great thai resturant. The food is always great and the staff is very professional. I highly recommend Line Thai. My favorite is the #39 medium spiced.
5	There's a wonderful little Thai place nestled away in a strip mall in Sun City. Ask me where I want to go for lunch and I'll most likely say Line Thai! I have been there 65 times so far and it never gets old. The service is super fast and the wait staff is friendly and attentive. No matter how busy they are, they always make sure you have what you need. Once your glass is half empty they are at your table with a refill.The lunch specials are awesome. Always fresh and hot. They come with steamed rice, two wontons, an egg roll, and a cup of soup for $6.95. Here are a few suggestions. My personal favorite is #4. #2- Kaeng Ka-Ri Kai: Yellow curry with coconut milk, chicken, potatoes, onions, and carrots.#4- Neue Phad Phrik Khing: Beef stir-fried in Phrik Khing curry sauce with green beans.#6- Kai Phad Kraphrao: Chicken stir-fried with fresh chili peppers, onions, bamboo shoots, and basil leaves. Other yummy dishes to try for dinner:#16- Salad Khaeg:  Fresh green salad with hard-boiled eggs, pork, shrimp, topped with famous peanut sauce. $8.50#24- Tom Kha Kai:  Hot and sour soup with lemon grass, mushrooms, chicken with galanga in coconut milk and home made chili paste.#38- Phad Phrik Khing: (#4 on the lunch menu, comes with beef)Your choice of meat stir-fried in a phrik khing curry sauce with green beans. $8.95#39- Kai Phad Mamuang Himaphan:  Chicken stir-fried with bell peppers, onions, carrots, water chestnuts, cashews, and peanuts. $9.50#40- Phad Khing Sod:  Chicken or pork stir-fried with fresh ginger, chili, onion, and mushrooms. $9.50Plan on going at least three or four times because there are so many excellent dishes to try. It's definitely my favorite lunch spot. I would cry if this place ever went out of business.
3	My husband and I tried this restaurant yesterday for lunch.  As we walked in, two other couples walked in, which I thought was a good sign.  I really wanted to love this restaurant because it is near our home.  Hubby and I both ordered from the lunch menu.  I had the vegetarian noodle lunch.  The noodles and sauce were very flavorful; however, the vegetables were lukewarm, almost cold.  It seemed like they cooked the noodles and simply tossed in pre-cooked vegetables at the very end.  Hubby had the chicken lunch.  He took a couple of bites and pushed his plate away.  He gave me some of the chicken to try, and the chicken had almost no flavor at all.  My husbnd is a meat and veggie guy, and since he was hungry, he filled up on the rice, something he rarely does.  On the positive side, we both enjoyed the soup very much.  I am willing to give Line Thai another try (everyone deserves a second chance), but I doubt my husband will go back.
4	Now being Thai myself, I'm very particular of my Thai food. The owner of Line Thai is a friend of my family but most Thai people all know eachother. The owner is so kind. Recognizes myself and family every time we stop in. I'm sure he does the same for all his regular customers. The food is very good. I'm still very particular about some dishes but I still recommend Line Thai versus a lot of other Thai food places in the valley. I hope people give them a chance.  To me, great service can definitely make your food experience a whole lot better and tastier. Enjoy!
2	Got pad Thai and Panang curry The pad Thai was weird tasting. Tasted more like a sweet and sour dish than a pad Thai. The Panang curry was okay, certainly not what I would call Panang curry but not bad. Overall overpriced. and not great. Wouldn't go back.
5	One of my two favorite Thai restaurants. Good food. It's a pretty big restaurant. Always few people, which I don't think is bad. It's pretty quiet. It's a friendly setting. Good food and nice people. I still like my Thai tea from my other favorite Thai restaurant better but they still have good Thai tea regardless. If I remember, their dessert was better though. :)
4	I was pleasantly surprised by this establishment. Having enjoyed Thai cuisine at scores of restaurants from coast to coast, I consider myself a low-level connoisseur at this point in my life, and found very little to complain about at Line Thai. The servers are attentive and prompt with seeing to your requests, and the portions and quality of the food is well above average for the price. The Tom Kha Gai (chicken coconut soup for the uninitiated) was very good, and mild enough for my laughably spice-sensitive father to handle. Many Thai restaurants have a problem with toning the heat level down, but that is certainly not the case with Line Thai. My Pad Khee Mao (also known as drunken noodles in some locales) left a little bit to be desired, as the noodles were slightly over cooked, but was tasty nonetheless. This place won't win any best-in-class awards in my opinion, but for solid food at very reasonable prices, it's hard to beat for a quick lunch.
