5	I could spend hours in this place! They have such beautiful paper, cards, stamps, pens etc. I am making my wedding invitations using their products. Love Paper Source!
4	The store is amazing, they have so many ideas!!!  If you go in with an idea of what you are looking for you come out with something completely different!My only complaint about this store is the staff.  They are very friendly, but no where near as knowledgable on their products and creativity as other Paper Source employess such as the one in DC or Alexandria, VA.  Hopefully they haven't had all the training yet!!!
5	It has been almost two months since I was here for the first time and the lady who helped me last time remembered my name!!!  Impressive!!!  Cards, Stationery, Wall of Stamps and I can not say Fred too many times!  See my Photos and see Fred!This is a beautiful store!  Very friendly staff - Picked up a Fathers day card, saw Fred and I'm gone!Many visits later I'm getting some very cool Wrapping Paper for my Fiancee's Christmas presents
5	I went into Paper Source today for my DIY Wedding Invites and had such a great experience.  Three people were working and they each helped me to my finished product in their own way.  I purchased two different types of envelopes and invitation printer for 150 invitations, envelope lining materials and ribbon all for $170!The prices are not cheap - but it's worth it to see all the paper options in person and have someone to act as a consultant!
4	If Paper Skyscraper and a traditional paper shop spawned offspring, Paper Source would be it. This bright little shop is chock full of any type of paper product you could need - stationary, note pads, pre-made cards and invitations, custom invitations, wrapping paper and more. You'll also find cute gifts for all, toys, frames, funny knick knacks, great looking journals, calendars, candles, books, etc. The quality is certainly present and I even overhead a consultant working with a customer on special baby shower invites. It looked like they had *tons* of lovely options. The staff, while very busy due to the holiday rush, were very friendly and helpful. This shop is a fantastic stop while hanging out around Phillips Place!
3	This shop is adorable, but I had to give it 3 stars because it didn't really have anything that I assumed it would for my paper needs.  They have a limited supply of wrapping paper that is crazy expensive and they didn't have as much regular scrapbook paper as I had hoped.  Their rubber stamp collection is extensive, but also pretty pricey.  I found their website to be helpful and reflective of what is in stock in their store.  The two people that were working in the store were really helpful and friendly without being pushy and overbearing (5 stars for customer service!). If you're in need of a great gift, I would definitely check this place out because they have a fantastic selection of journals, calendars, posters, and knick knacks that are unique and adorable.  I'll be back! (just not for wrapping or scrapbook paper...)
4	Great place for their wonderful printed papers used for various things!I just like coming to this store and come up with some type of inspiration. I saw a wall full of Japanese printed screen paper, and thought, this is beautiful!  I ended buying 3 sheets and framed them!  It looked pretty in my bedroom. The place is pricey!  If I am in the mood, I'll spend on random things such as a birthday card and cool pens. My next project, but their music sheet papers to use as book covers :)!
5	I love this place... not quite as much as I love Paper SkyScraper, but that's just because Paper Source is a chain. I'm getting my Save-the-Dates and wedding invitations from Paper Source... I love the staff, they are real people and are totally helpful. I'll be hitting them up again soon for Christmas cards and other wedding-related stationary needs!
4	It's interesting to read reviews that compare Paper Source to Paper Skyscraper -- yes, they both sell cards and  unique and funny gifts, but the similarities kind of end there in my mind. When I want into Paper Source, I am greeted by a wonderful staff who is knowledgable about paper and able to inspire you to be creative. I especially love Emily!  Though the paper and related supplies can be a bit pricey at times, they are not above mentioning other stores that may have more affordable options. The invitation offerings -- for everything to weddings, cocktail parties, birthdays, and more -- the lines are high quality and eye-catching. Looking through the books is a wonderful way to spend a few minutes. The entire left-side of the store has a wonderful selection of gifts -- some you have seen before some which you may never see again. You can find Whisky Rocks, vintage print lunch boxes, artistic calendars, and more. You can then find the perfect card and wrapping! Now don't get me wrong, just like Paper Skyscraper, the prices at Paper Source are high, but you can be certain that the products are high quality and unique. And the staff is very approachable.
4	Great store.From the small gifts to everything you need to wrap the gift to personalized stationary, I am a huge fan. I had shopped online in the past but the first time I stopped into this location I spent about 2 hours looking over note cards for my mother. The staff was great, honest, and very upfront about everything. Needless to say my mother ended up with some great stationary.I will definitely return to see everyone's smiling faces, and know the next time I need something personalized or printed, they know what they're talking about!
4	I went looking for materials to complete my wedding invitations and as a little disappointed with the selection of paper, envelopes and accessories.  I was somewhat limited because I had already decided what I wanted them to look like and was purely looking for the paper that would match my vision.  If you're still looking for ideas they have several books of ideas and invitations you can buy.  Will definitely go back if I'm ever looking for nice wrapping paper - tons of great styles!
5	This is such a fun little store.  I really love coming in here, the people are friendly, their stuff is awesome, and they have a clearance section!  Boom!They have a fabulous selection of everything paper, from invitations to gift wrapping.  They've got you covered for every holiday and event.  (I have browsed this beautiful section, but am yet to have a real need for customized invites)You'll find me in the gifts section, looking at everything from whiskey stones to cupcake banners.  "Why cupcake banners?" You ask."WHY NOT CUPCAKE BANNERS?!" I politely answer.  This is how I wander around this store.  It's fabulous, and ridiculous.  Occasionally over-priced.  But that's why you'll also find me in the clearance section - trying to rationalize an orange glass plate with an anchor on it.... Why not?
5	I love this specialty paper and stationary store. They sell my favorite ever white pen, The Uniball Signo. The Eco White notecards are AMAZING to do little sketch and watercolor projects on. It's like using a good hot press watercolor paper, and if you grab a pack of the A6's they are easy to stash in your bag in case you get the urge to doodle. Speaking of which, they also carry my favorite doodle pen in this store, the black Zig Writer. Always have fun things to browse including a good clearance section and gorgeous large sheets of paper (great for bookmaking), and I feel a bit more creative just for having popped in. Fun to check out if you're rambling about the South Park area.
4	Awesome little specialty store full of fun things! Paper Source really knows their paper. They have TONS of specialty papers for every occasion. But they also have tons of other things. I was particularly impressed with their collection of eclectic gift items. They also offer tutorials and classes to help you take your craft game to the next level!
