4	What can you say, it's a Barnes and Noble. 4 stars as the employees were quite friendly and helpful, not 5 stars as the store was a little dirty (a bit of trash on the floor, magazines on racks somewhat askew). Granted it was an hour before closing and they seemed to be a bit understaffed for the crowd that was in there, but overall a fruitful experience.
4	Love B&N!  Get selection and comfortable feel to the place.  Neat and clean!
4	I have no real complaints.  Prices are high but you get what you pay for.    :-)  The employees are ALWAYS friendly and willing to help my daughter whenever she needs it.  THAT IS HUGE!!
3	The local bookstore. Personally I believe B&N is expensive compared to amazon or other online bookstores. That being said, a local bookstore does have its appeal such as coming in for coffee and reading a magazine, people watching, or just being on the computer; has always brought me lots of enjoyment.  Nonetheless, the books, right it is a bookstore, I like the kids section where you can sit and read. I love to come here and buy books with my kids, they love this place and most importantly love books. B&N helps me share my love of books with my kids. Thanks B&N.
4	No real complaints.  I love walking into a bookstore with so many worlds and choices waiting to be explored.  I love going into Barnes & Noble if for no other reason to get an idea of what is out there.  I've primarily been an e-book reader for the last 4-5 years and I find the prices on the digital marketplace to be much more favorable to the consumer.  That being said, I do like being able to walk into a bookstore and peruse their library for new books and authors, something I find much easier to do in a bookstore than a digital marketplace.  I do occasionally purchase books from there as there are a number of authors that I prefer to own the hardcover version of their work rather than an e-book.  You can usually find great deals on a number of interesting titles in their clearance and sale section and they also have a great selection of books for younger children.  I love being able to walk in and grab a book and sit on one of their comfy chairs for a while and read a bit of the book to see if I will like it.I've always found the staff to be friendly and knowledgeable, usually helping me find a book based off a (usually) vague description I give them!  Definitely stop in if you are looking for books, you can also save money in the long run if you purchase a lot of books by joining their rewards club.
5	The employees here at this B&N are pretty awesome.  Need a suggestion on a book to read? Need a suggestion on a kids book for a young reader? They are knowledgeable and friendly in many areas. Can't find it. They will help you look it up and order it including school textbooks. I've even had ordered books come in the next day. I use an e-reader most now but still love to go in and peruse.
5	Great visit. Movies are entirely overpriced. Do not fall for their membership unless you plan on buying several books a month you will never make your money back. Employees were very helpful, and I walked away with tons of books for myself, my wife, and our daughter for less than 20 dollars(thanks to the clearance sections.
5	I will always prefer a bookstore to an EBook.I saddens me to see  the loss of bookstores everywhere.  However,  I'm glad to see a few bookstores still standing, and Barnes and Nobel is one of my favorites.Barnes and Noble has everything I enjoy about bookstores, great selections, friendly and helpful staff, Starbucks with comfortable couches & chairs.  There is just something I find peaceful and relaxing about being able to read a book sitting on a chair in the middle of a quiet aisle drinking a caramel macchiato . I guess that's why I will ways prefer a bookstore over Ebooks.
