4	Been to this gym once on our last day of a 4 day trip in Vegas.  Yes, we were tired and slightly hungover, but still wanted to give this gym a try since we didn't have time to make it all the way out to Red Rock Canyon (I guess this is the next best thing?).Well, this gym has a very interesting layout.  It has three floors and each one has a unique set up.  The first floor is very open with mostly lead and top-rope climbing.  It also has this great traverse route that goes all along the entire gym and then goes up this tunnel/cave which leads into the second floor.  The second level is slightly cramped and dark, but there are great bouldering routes in there.  The third floor has a beginners top-rope wall and a few bouldering problems.  I like that all the routes are easily identifiable and there are a lot of unique features.  I think this gym is well designed for both beginners and advanced climbers.  Great place to train.  Will be going back when in the area again.
4	Red Rock is a large indoor climbing gym that is lacking in some areas, but overall is a positive experience.First the good: the gym is big, with one large sport area with bouldering scattered throughout. It has varying levels of overhangs, and ranges from easy 5's, to 5.12+ (perhaps harder, I didn't look through all the sport routes), with some exciting-looking roof climbing as well. In addition, it has two and a half bouldering areas upstairs (the "half" is a ~60 degree roof that runs parallel to the staircase). These rooms are fairly small, which would be problematic during busy times, but are nice and cozy during slower times. Once again, boulder problems range from V0 to V12 and higher. The problems I tried seemed creative and interesting, and also well-rated compared to other gyms I've climbed at. The one staff member I talked to was knowledgeable and nice.And now, the bad. The gym is dirty. Especially upstairs, junk had accumulated throughout. For me it wasn't a big deal, but still a distraction. More importantly for climbing, many of the pieces of tape marking routes were (apparently) missing or torn and barely visible. Many-a-times I had to carefully search for a scrap of tape that marked a hold.Overall, except for the tape problem, the gym is very good. Their prices were a little on the high-side ($15 day pass, $65 monthly membership). However for a trip through town, especially in summer when it's too hot to climb outdoors, I definitely recommend giving Red Rock a visit. Happy climbing!
4	If you are in Vegas and want to get away from the strip or live in Vegas and want something to do, I suggest def. checking out the Red Rock Climbing Center!We came here for a friend's birthday. We had a group of about 8 people and Michelle was very helpful on explaining everything and making us feel comfortable on climbing.They have several of other rooms to climb, but our group stayed in the main room. There was enough walls to climb for each pair plus other people who weren't in group.It is about $35.00 for shoe rental, harness and the lesson. We thought it was really reasonable and very well worth it!we will def. be back!
4	After climbing with a couple of buddies in the Bay Area, my brother and I decided to hit this place up when I came home to visit. I had only top-roped and he mostly bouldered, so we opted to have a belay certification class for $35. Since that included a day pass ($15) and all rentals ($10+), we figured it would be a good idea since we never really learned how to belay.Just the 2 of us were informally taught by Michelle who was super nice and fun. It took a little longer than the 20 min that the website had said, but only because she liked to talk and so did I. The good part was I already got 2 climbs in by the time our "lesson" was over. There were a lot less top rope routes, but a lot  of lead roping and 2 extra rooms for bouldering. I told myself I'd learn how to boulder there since there are so many problems, but I never got around to it. Plus, all the climbers were really friendly and even gave us tips or words of encouragement.Still, it's a lot smaller than the gym I'm used to. Plus, the locker space is very limited, so most people threw their belongings in the middle of the floor.It's a little pricey, but I'm sure I'll go again next time I'm in town.
1	I've climbed at a dozed other gyms in Oregon, Washington, and Nevada, and this was my least favorite. I know every gym has different safety standards, but this gym didn't appear to have any standards at all. They did not make me take a belays skills test (had my own harness, shoes), had no posted rules or regulations, and when I asked if there were any rules I should know about, they said no. They have two little bouldering rooms in addition to the main floor, but I was scared to boulder more than 10-12 feet off of the ground because of the flooring. In most areas, there's a gap between the wall and the permanent floor padding. In some areas it's a few inches, in others, it's a foot but it means that there's a little trench 6-8 inches deep around the main padding. This seems like a really good way to encourage climbers to break and ankle when they fall. Also, much of the flooring in the main room is set at an angle sloping down towards the walls and has really uneven spots which also seems dangerous to fall on. Would it have been so hard to make the entire flooring one level and abut the wall?The routes weren't anything to get excited about, the holds were a bit old and polished black, and the foot jibs don't look like they've moved in years. Much of the tape, especially marking the footholds was coming off the walls, making the routes hard to follow. The lighting was terrible! No overhead lights, but instead had these bright lights set into the walls (kind of like the lights you see set into a swimming pool) that shine directly into your face when you're trying to find the taped routes. See the photos I posted for a better idea.Given all of the flaws and lack of safety protocols, even though they had autobelay devices, I didn't not trust them or the ropes enough to attempt to top rope. Much of the gym is set up for lead climbing, so if you bring your own rope and like to lead, maybe this is the gym for you. Also, they had no lockers or cubbies, so all of the climbing gear, shoes, backpacks, and coats was scattered around the main floor. I was sad to have spent $15 to climb at a gym that does not seem to prioritize safety for their climbers. I do not recommend climbing here.
4	This place was so much fun! I went with a friend this past Sunday for my first time.  I was a little nervous it was going to be packed, but there were only a few other people.  Lacy told us that Mon-Wed are their busiest days.  We only got a day pass for $15 and skipped getting the orientation.  The difference is that you can't use the harness if you don't do the orientation.  You have to use the retractable cord.  That was fine with me considering I was also conquering my fear of heights.  There are different levels and thought it was pretty easy until I went to the harder side.  I couldn't make it all the way to the top. :( The scariest thing is letting go to go back down.  I was a trooper and let go at the top, but my friend had to climb have way down first.  Once you do it, the fear goes away.  It's a great workout too! My arms were like jell-o, but I wasn't too sore the next day.  I will go back for sure!
2	To give it two stars is being generous.  I don't even feel like reviewing this place.  The only reason we had so much fun being here is because we ignored all the negative stuff and just climbed.I'll just make this brief.1.)  It smells like socks and dirty shoes.  The ventilation is not very good and if you're there for hours, maybe you'll just get used to the stench.2.)  The receptionist was not helpful, condescending, and acted like helping us was too much out of the way.  Probably just got used to regulars and is very nice to them.  But to newbies, forget it.  My cousin is the nicest guy you could ever meet and will even go out of his way to buy food for the poor.  He just wasn't worth the time to be given good service to I think.I think if the smell wasn't so bad and if service was better I would recommend people to come here or myself to come here to have fun.
2	The place was ok but the guy working there was awful.I went climbing with a group of four people. It had been awhile since I had climbed and I couldn't quite remember how to tie the figure 8 knot so I went to the counter to ask the guy working. He was sitting in the little office near the entrance talking on the phone but I managed to get his attention and he said he'd be right out. He finally left the office, phone still attached to his ear which he handed off to his friend who was there visiting. I know, popular guy. My friend then went up to the counter and told him we needed some instruction on knot tying. He scoffed at the fact that we couldn't remember how to start the knot required to use the equipment that we had just paid for but said he would be over in a minute.We stood there waiting for a good 15 minutes for this jackhole and finally gave up and asked one of the more experienced climbers how to tie the knot. As soon as she started to give us a little lesson, the clown who works there walks over saying something about how non employees aren't allowed to give lessons but he was gonna be nice and turn his back while she did. Really?For my money, Nevada Climbing Center is way better and the people are much nicer.
2	I left the Matador 21 show last fall to check this place out for an hour between bands. Some decent problems but not that well kept up. The holds were grungy and the changing room is very basic. Other than the main room which is primarily rope, there are a couple rooms upstairs for bouldering, which is my speed. Kind of pricey for what you get but still happy to find a place to be able to sneak in a bit of climbing.
4	I came here for my first time bouldering and I had SO MUCH FUN! I was sore like no other but it was really cool. The lighting the place sucked though, cuz I was constantly being blinded by them as I climbed by. Also, the mats suck and I rolled my ankle when I jumped off one of the walls. The mats don't meet the wall, so there is a gap and it sucks. There aren't any lockers, so you get to trust everyone who's there that they won't jack your stuff. BUT! lots of routes to climb and all in all a fun afternoon.
4	Sore arms never felt so good..Okay, my arms weren't as sore as I thought it would be but damn it was worth it. This was definitely a great surprise from the bf since I  have been wanting to do indoor rock climbing for awhile now.Pros: friendly gent behind the counter who also happened to give us our orientation(35 bucks a head including the day pass and equipments). Great beginner walls to work on, options to use retractable cords or harness, AWESOME workout, diff rooms of difficulty( I believe the main room can be used for beginners while the other two upstairs are a bit harder),  they also sell snacks and water, shoes provided were comfy. Orientation included how to tie a knot, safety measures, and how to properly use the equipments.Cons: minor things--it smelled musty, once you have a lot of people coming in especially kids it could get crowded since each rooms weren't as big. One thing that bothered me most was the exclusion of how to properly come down the wall during orientation when we specifically mentioned that we were beginners. I guess you're supposed to propel off the wall not just let go and hang in mid air while you wait for your partner to lower you. I laugh about it now but I felt like an idiot! Overall a great and fun workout!
1	I bought a 10-visit package from these guys so I could climb with my family. Today we packed up the kids and showed up to climb. I was told that they have "new software" and it is "impossible" to share my package now. The unhelpful staff member agreed that yes, this is a policy change, but no, they won't honor my pass. Or refund me the six visits I have left. We are now driving across town to Nevada Climbing Center, where we will take our business from now on!
5	Love this place! Just beginning to rock climb and its a great place to start!
2	My BF took the daughter and I here Presidents Day and it was my first time there.  They had been there before so they knew all the rules and procedures which helps.  I must say its a little intimidating being a first timer and a wimp. LOL  There was quite a few people in there while we were there and they are all watching whoevers climbing - or at least thats what it feels like when its your first time. The guy at the front was helpful and very pleasant.  They provide the shoes and harness....I think it was like $20 something per person.  I dont believe its for any amount of time...you can be there as long as you want.  For the most part you are left to do your thing.  There are 3 floors.  The 2nd and third floor looked to be for people who were regular climbers.  There was some construction going on but not sure what it was that they were doing.  Anyways, we kept to the first floor.Watching my daughter fly up like nothing made it look easy but I have to tell you, I got about half way up and as panic set in a tear gathered at the corner of my eye.  Not as easy as it looks or maybe its just not my thing.  Needless to say I did get down in one piece obviously.  Noone really told me that alot of it is leg strength so I didnt really use my legs as much as I should to boost me up higher to reach the next rocks.  Will try next time.  To conclude my review, I do want to try this one more time before I cancel it out all together....using my legs a little more.  I am more of a runner than a climber....just seems a little more safer on the ground. ;)  But hey-at least I did it!
4	Rock climbing was one of those things that I always thought was cool but didn't really intend to try out. But again, Groupon has given me the opportunity to check this place out. In turn, I'm really starting to like this (expensive) sport even if I am awful at it right now.The Groupon was good for two people and it gives you access to a beginner's class once a week for 1 month. The classes are offered on Saturdays (that's the one I chose) and another day during the week (sorry, I forgot!). Along with the classes, they also give you one month of unlimited access with gear so you can come in a practice your skills. The one item not included but would be super useful is the hand chalk.  I'm not going to lie but when you walk in, it smells like stinky feet. But you get over this relatively quickly. The walls are covered in colorful rocks of different sizes. Parts of the ceiling are as well. I've never seen anything like it! It's quite overwhelming at first. You'll see really advanced folks traversing or climbing away, making themselves look oh so graceful. They have tape all over the walls, indicating the path you should take for a certain level. Second and third floors are much smaller than the first. These floors are set up for bouldering, whereas the first floor you can actually get into a harness and utilize the ropes for climbing. I've always gone in the early evenings/late nights and the second and third floors are pretty packed. Perhaps it's better to go in the mornings. I'm still a newbie at this. Learning all of the terms and techniques are boggling my brain! But with Matt the class instructor, I have confidence that I'll get better soon! Matt is super patient and is thorough with his explanations which I am super appreciative of! Disclaimer to all those that have not done this: You will be sore. No joke. I look like a robot when I walk right now. You will get blisters on your hands. Battle wounds on your legs. But trust me, it's all worth it!
5	LOVE this gym! So many climbing areas (3 stories worth), along with a dense concentration of holds covering all the walls! The horizontal roof section you can climb to get into the second floor room is awesome. Lots of variety and lots of problems!
3	I'm used to climbing gyms all over California so I'm a bit biased. This should be a 2 star, but because the only choice is Red Rock Center or Nevada Climbing Center, This place is comparably better. They only have one bathroom and no water fountain. All gyms should have a water fountain. How the heck would you stay hydrated during your work out and in the arid desert air?! I went on a Thursday 530 to 6 thinking it wouldn't be as busy but it was completely filled with kids. There are a lot of different levels. But all the easier V0-V3 routes are straight up. I'm used to more of a challenging route but still good jug holds to work on technical moves and variety rather than pure strength. Going straight up and down is kinda boring. I might as well just do pull ups at the gym.I do like that they have a bouldering cave that leads up to the second floor, but most of the routes were V4+. The only easier route was along the side, which gives me a one sided work out. Still, cool idea architecturally.
5	Been coming here for years, nothing gets stolen from your purse leaving it on the floor. 85% of the people who come are regulars that I climb outside with, good people! My friend worked there for years, now her brother does, everyone's super helpful and knowledgeable :)
2	Bad gym for a date. Gym uses auto ropes so no need for someone to belay at the bottom. To belay you have to take their class and then pay for them to "test" your skills briefly. Tried to get assistance for 20+ minutes wanting to belay a friend and go through the hoops. Waste of time with 3 different employees. i have my belay card from another gym on me too. Whole point was to get friend experience with process before she goes rock climbing outside for her first time. Not very big. I would never come here or recommend to adult friend. I would recommend to friend with a kid, as the auto ropes are good for them. Would give 1 star, but 2 stars because its good for kids.
5	This place is awesome!!! Very friendly and helpfull staff. A lot of autobelys and challenging climbs! It was great fun! My wife's first time climbing and she had a great time. I've climbed a lot and I was pushed to my limits It was a great time all around
5	It was my first time there and I had tons of fun! We came in at about 10 pm, and it closes at 11 pm, so we only had an hour to climb, the fault being ours. However, the girl at the register was nice and helped us with all of the questions that my friend and I had. In total, it was only $12.50 for both admission and harness, so the prices were great! Since we came so late, the employees decided not to teach us how to use the clips, since it would take too long to do and less time to climb, so we used the auto-pulleys. Overall, great place if you want to try something new!
4	I went to this location for my first rock climbing experience ever. Parking can be bit hard to find on busy says since it shares the lot with many other places. I needed up paying $23.XX for a day pass and shoe/harness rental. $60/month for membership, you'll need to buy your own harness and climbing shoes.There are many different types of climbing styles you can do at this place. I love the straight climb and the yellow brick road (its tough, but great for beginners). You can also do training for bouldering. The staff is very friendly. I would highly recommend this place if you are curious about rock climbing. Kids will also love this, especially if they had a lot of sugar :). You will know what you weak spots are and improve your workout routine based on this.
3	Nice gym. nice people. nice set-up. BUT I picked up RING WORM!!!! THey don't have a rule requiring climbers to wear shirts. So expect dudes showing off and spreading their funk all over the mats and pads. Why do you need to take your shirt off anyway?
3	Let me preface this by stating that I am a rock climber and that gym climbing is usually just training for me.  I didn't come here for my kid's birthday party or to try "climbing" indoors, so if your visit is geared toward that...my review will be of little utility.That being said, this is an alright local climbing gym.  The staff is friendly, most are psyched on outdoor climbing, which is rad, and recognize that the world does exist down the road beyond the myopic scope of the climbing gym.  Not much pretense either, with the exception of one female staff member who is quite rude.As far as the facility itself is concerrned, overall, it is a well-utilized facility with a solid variety of options and extremely well-used space in terms of route density.  The boulder problems are super fun, challenging, and varied.  Rad!   A lot of the proper routes put up, on the other hand, are bad to poor.  Some are fun, aesthetic movement , while others are just difficult to be difficult and awkward.  Route settin' ain't easy, but somebody's gotta do it (isn't that part of a rap song?) and these guys are trying hard I am sure, and they do a decent job.  At least it isn't like many other climbing gyms where it goes from cruising to a sudden boulder problem to cruising.The cleanliness of this gym and the maintenance on the routes is lacking.  The place is undeniably dirty - I'm not asking for a climbing gym that I can eat off of the floor of, but like someone else mentioned....don't want to be getting ringworm from the climbing gym.  The bathrooms are also pretty gnarly.A huge detractor to this gym is that they do not have a water fountain there.  While it's not a huge deal to bring your own nalgene from home, it's a pain in the ass when you don't remember and find yourself parched during a climbing session.Overall, it fits the bill for a decent place for locals to train when the weather is bad or time simply does not permit heading a few miles down the road to Red Rock.
4	I really enjoy climbing here, and have been taking advantage of their monthly membership prices ($60/month). There are a lot of fun bouldering, top roping, and lead climbing routes. (Not that I'm anywhere near confident enough to try lead climbing yet!) The climbers are usually very friendly and helpful, I've gotten a lot of useful beta from helpful regulars! This place does get super crowded on weekdays, especially after CCSD schools let out. I try to avoid those times, but it's not a terrible issue.I enjoy spending a lot of time bouldering in the several smaller rooms upstairs, because they're usually really fun to work on, but also because I don't always feel safe in the downstairs room. There are some sketchy belaying habits present at this gym, and I have yet to see staff intervene or even seem to care. Even when my boyfriend brought a staff member's attention to a belayer routinely and completely taking their hand off the rope, the staff member neither intervened or acted concerned. There is a female staff member that last week was encouraging a lead climber and her belayer to take big risks, and I got to witness some pretty interesting swings and falls. Does the gym smell like feet? Yep. It's a climbing gym. The bathrooms could also be nicer considering what the membership prices are, but I'm not worried about it. As far as the water fountain issue (the complete lack of one) goes, it's not super convenient, but it's not hard to remember to bring a liter or two of water to the gym. The staff is usually pretty friendly, I just really wish they were more concerned with climbers' safety.
5	Had an awesome time, really knowledgeable staff. We hired a guide and went out to Red Rocks which was absolutely amazing. We learned so much in a short amount of time and can't wait to get outdoors again.
4	Pretty good place to train.  It's a bit expensive  but there are not really any alternatives on the west side of town. They change the routes up every couple of months so it doesn't get boring. You can try it out for the day to see of you like it.  I signed up for the monthly payment plan though
4	One of two that popped up when searching in Vegas. I only came for the bouldering and after having been to a few gyms around SoCal where I live I think their ratings are +1 over actual. Didn't matter tho since they're great routes! Well, theres two areas: a corner that you can see from the front desk which I thought was crap, but also a sick loft where the good stuff is. Find that, its good stuff. Desk Dude was cool.
1	Over-crowded, employees have bad attitude, smells bad.  Go to Nevada Climbing instead.I've climbed now at least half a dozen times, and always need a quick reminder how to tie the rope.  I've even been to this place before, and passed their test.  Today I was accused of hiding from the guy, then called a liar when I mentioned another employee had showed me the knot previously.  My friend fumbled the belay, and after 60 seconds was told he needed to buy a lesson, at which point we decided to just get a refund.  The same manager that called me a liar and accused me of hiding then challenged whether we deserved a refund.Finally we go back to the cashier, who had earlier given me attitude for throwing my receipt in the trash, and she asks for my receipt.  Then she admits she knew I didn't, just trying to prove a point I guess.  I consider myself to be very nice and polite, and I've rarely been treated with such rudeness as tonight at this climbing center.  They clearly need some competition to check their attitudes over there.
1	This gym use to be cool been going here off and on for 3-4 years but it has turned into the worst climbing gym in Vegas save your money and go to Nevada climbing centers.
3	A lot of times super crowded unless you go super early or super late.  It's hard to use routes other than the auto belay ones since you have to ask for grigri at the counter to top rope other routes. Also there is not that many other routes you can top rope on unless you want to lead. Gosh I wish we have a gym here as good as the ones in California......
4	In comparison to the two other climbing gyms in town (The Refuge and NCC)Pros: *Multi-level gym with top rope and lead climbing downstairs, an awesome bouldering ramp with overhung routes, and upstairs bouldering areas. The Yellow Brick Road is a classic traverse that has been up forever*the routes change regularly and are dated and IDed by the setter. I know I always love the wonkiness of Dbird's routes*a shower and bathrooms*good snack/drink selection*safety focused gym with requirements and tests for being able to do things like lead*the whole gym is leadable (NCC only has lead climbing in the cave and the Refuge is all bouldering)*4 auto belays*kids' climbing classes and times *contribute to climbing community with annual bouldering comps*you can rent gear to take outside.*cleanish? - it's definitely cleaner than NCC (they vacuum regularly and don't have dogs), but not as clean as Refuge (which may just be clean because it's new) Cons:*no gym equipment or other classes offered*there are usually 10 or less top ropes set up, so if you're not leading and it's busy, you're not climbing*there is no space for your stuff, so you put it in the middle of the floor and hope no kids or people step on it/break it/steal it*vibe is the least friendly of the three gyms, but if you want a serious climbing day without commentary, this is definitely a proNeutral: *medium expensive (Day pass is $15 while the Refuge is $17 and NCC is $14. Adult EFT monthly membership is $50 - same as NCC and cheaper than the Refuge by $15)
4	This place is awesome. The staff is always so friendly and are always available to help. The only reason I didn't give them five stars is because it is almost always over crowded so you have to wait to climb (especially if you are a beginner)!
