5	The best pizza i have ever had. Fast, friendly and fresh!
4	This place finally opened after what seemed like forever.  I saw coupons for them in the Clipper before and when I would drive by, they weren't open for business yet.  Finally they opened and I saw a deal the Clipper's website for them.  I bought it back in July and juts used it today.The style of pizza here is similar to Brixx, which means that's it's cooked in a wood burning oven.  What differentiates Stoney's from Brixx is that Stoney's offers a 14" pie in addition to the 10" in pie.  We got a "Natural Choice" to share.  It comes with banana peppers, artichokes, and sun-dried tomatoes.  It was decent, even though I am not a fan of wood-fired pizzas.  The pizza is cooked way to fast at a high temperature which means the dough never gets a chance to raise.  It is way too thin for my liking and each piece was only two bites,  I could have easily ate the 14" pie by myself.  The flavor was decent; toppings were ok.Luckily I also got 8 wings, and those were very good.  They were a bit pricey at $8, but they were large, flavorful, and fried.  Reminded me of wings I had while living in Buffalo.The service was also good.  They recently converted from counter service to table service, which is a little odd.  The menus are still paper take menus and the fountain drink machine is accessible to patrons.  While it was nice to be waited on, I think counter service in this place would be far more efficient for everyone.  They also have tv's at most booths, some of which were broken,  I could probably do without that, but you can just leave it off.  They also gave us each a free beer.  Something to do with them being promos or something but it was a nice touch.
4	Good food.. great lunch deal.  $5 meal including tax.  Other items then pizza were tasty as well.
4	Really good crust. Quiet place at 8:30 on Saturday. Husband said buffalo pizza was wonderful. Good balance. Loved size options.
2	I have to say that I was excites to eat here. The promise of wood fired pizza, crispy crusts, and rustic favors races through my brain. Te atmosphere is what you'd expect of a typical pizza place. Nothing fancy, but comfortable enough. One thing that I did notice and didn't like though was that the to go menus and table menus are exactly the same. Basically you're presented with a bench and a paper menu when you sit down. Not to be discouraged we ordered our food: cheesy garlic bread and a pie to split. I think that they recently started having servers at the tables because the waitress seemed really uncomfortable being at tables. Drink refills were sparse and our appetizer was wrong (mozzarella sticks came to us instead of the app we had ordered). After the cheesy bread, which was delicious was gone, our pie hit the table. Looked good, smelled great! And then the disappointment struck. I was greeted by a soggy crust and tomato sauce that was reminiscent of Chef Boyardee. Not good. I'm a native New Yorker so I might be a lots biased. But If your going to have wood fired pizza the crust should be crisp and the ingredients fresh and flavorful. I received none of that from my pizza. I can't say that I'll be returning any time soon.
