3	Good wings, no gluten-free pizza (yet), and an unassuming salad bar.  The kids section is very helpful when trying to devour two dozen wings in under five minutes.
3	I like the kids section.  The white pizza is good.  The wine and beer are super cheap.  Last time we ate there we saw a huge scorpion hiding on a rolled up rug behind a booth in the kids section.  Freaked me out.  The employee came over to take care of it with a handful of napkins!!
4	This is the place to go if you just want Pizza and Wings... Well, its where I go. Fast and friendly.
4	Not sure if I should even write a review, since I've never actually been IN this one! BUT, very good Gluten Free pizza! Had it delivered one night after a hellish work shift, and even though it was pricy, definitely hit the spot. Will have to update this when I dine in the specific location sometime.
5	I just love Barro's Pizza, and I am not just talking about this location. I have been to about 6 different locations and they stay constant which is not always the case with other places. The food is always fresh and I have never had a pizza or wings that I would have sent back to the kitchen. The breadsticks are soft and taste really good with the cheese and garlic on top of it. The pizza sauce taste great on everything including the breadsticks. The hot wings come in bone in and boneless fashion and both are just as good as the other.The Environment differs a little from location to location as far as the number for Tvs for the adults but there is always sports playing so go here to watch the game. I also love that each location has a play area for the kids and their own Tv playing cartoons or movies. It includes a play kitchen and legos. It also has a few games for them to play and pass time while the adults finish their meal. There is often specials that are sent in the mail where you can get an X-Large pizza and 24 hot wings for about 23 dollars. If you dont get the coupon just ask for the special and say you read about it on Yelp :)
3	For the price, you definitely get what you pay for at Barro's.  The pizza isn't amazing, but it's filling and decent enough for a lunch-on-the-go.Their lunch buffet special is really affordable, though, so they usually fill up fast around noon on weekdays.  If you go, expect to wait in a line for a few minutes.
5	Riddle me this: How have I lived in Arizona all my life and never tried Barro's? Ya, I'm not sure either. Its a mystery to me too. But it so happens that now I have. And let me tell you... I'm hooked!Its a Friday evening. I am having severe insomnia problems currently and I slept a total of two hours the night before. Its 5pm, I'm starving, I'm exhausted, and all I want to do is just go home and pass out. So my husband suggests we order a pizza and order from a place we have never had before so that way I don't have to cook. I suggest Barro's because we have never tried it and it's right down the street. I go online, look for coupons like I do everywhere, and we decide on two special pizzas, veggie and hot wing (with mushrooms in place of the chicken) for the current coupon special price of $12.99 each. Twenty minutes later we drive down to pick up our pizza to avoid delivery charges. I check them in the car to make sure no chicken has entered the space of my pizza and we are good to go. Let me tell you something about Barro's. Its freaking amazing. I can't believe I had waited so long to try them and I'm kind of sorry I did. The pizza dough is thick, but not too thick, and fluffy. The toppings are plentiful. Definitely the most toppings I've seen on a pizza for that price. Its three days later, and we are still eating leftovers. It doesn't take four pieces of pizza to make us full like those other guys. Two will do it for us. The hot wing pizza is so freaking good. Hot wing sauce covered with mozzarella and cheddar cheese topped with mushrooms. You have to try this thing at least once in your life. I miss eating hot wings sometimes but this satisfies that craving. Its spicy and cheesy. So good!My husband said to me that this should be our new delivery place whenever we want pizza. I agree with him.
4	I'm a regular at this location and they've always come through for me. This is my Favorite pizza, hands down. Delicious! The toppings are so plentiful, they are literally falling off my slice as I type this. Ingredients are fresh and the delivery is fast, usually a good deal sooner than they'll estimate on the phone.Sometimes the larger chunks of chicken will get a little dry when its cooking (I get the Kona special, yummy!), but that's my only complaint.Edit: They have changed locations and I have also noticed a slip in service and quality. As of recent, it is inconsistent. I had to call in about my last order, which was not hot enough and semi-dry, but they gave me a credit for next time so I'll keep ordering here and hope this is just an occasional mess up. Also, they discontinued their coupons, Boo =(
5	Great pizza. Try the chicken wings... They rival some of the best in the valley!  Multiple TV's with sports playing.
4	Tasty Chicago-style pizza, great and affordable lunch specials!
4	We had Barro's last night for the first time at this location. We dined in and had a good experience. The restaurant dining area is pretty big and was really full on a Friday night. You place your order at the front before seating yourself. The young lady helping us at the cash register was so young but she definitely knew what she was doing. I had a coupon for 25% off that was happily accepted.We ordered six hot boneless buffalo wings and a medium pizza with pepperoni, green peppers and jalapenos. The wings came out first and were really good. Crispy on the outside and the hot sauce had a great flavor. The pizza was cooked perfectly and had a nice crispy crust and soft and fluffy texture. Being from Michigan, I love Chicago style pizza and I think I have found one of my new go to's. Did not order beer or wine on this visit but did notice that they have great prices on both. I will be back to try more!
4	Great thin crust pizza.  Fair beer selection.  Blah wings.  Clean place.  Super friendly staff.This is my favorite pizza here in the Valley.Dump the chains and support a GREAT local business.It isn't what I think of when you say Chicago style (crust) but we keep coming back for more.
