5	I now know what hidden gem really means.  It suddenly appears like an oasis in the midst of closed stores and empty restaurants in the unfamiliar neighborhood you've managed to find your way into.We took a cab to Raku and, not knowing how long it would take, ended up arriving really early.  We thought, "Oh, we'll just have a drink at the bar."  Yeah, not so much at Raku.  We stood in the back closet, I mean sake room? for a few seconds until we realized that we were seriously parched.  Surely there was a bar nearby, we thought as we walked out the door.And there it was, across the parking lot...glimmering in the cool desert night.  Ozzie's.  As we approached, we were slightly intimidated/intrigued by the "ring bell for entry" instructions.  Was this the front door?  Were they open?  Well we were going to find out.  One ring and we were in.We settled in at the huge center bar with three or four other regulars.  The bartender greeted us cheerily and we immediately knew we'd found an awesome place.  She was so sweet and quite literally the bubbliest bartender I'd ever met.  We ordered some ice cold beers and before we knew it, we were deep in conversation with the people at the bar like we were old friends.  I thought it was cool that you had to be buzzed in, but the bartender explained that she was able to control who comes in so that she can protect her customers.  Nice!Before we left, our new bartender friend offered to make us her specialty shot on the house.  I'm not usually a shot person, but when she whipped out those frosty shot glasses I was sold.This may just be my new go to place in Vegas.  No obnoxious married dudes who really believe what happens in Vegas stays in Vegas and no overpriced drinks, just nice people and Golden Tee!  Next time I'll make sure to call that cab WAY in advance, though, so I don't end up walking the streets of Chinatown looking for a ride.
5	Bartenders are really cool, draft beers are cheap, cold & in frosted mugs.  Last week I noticed their bar sign on the building says "Kilroys" but the strip mall sign/billboard stills says "Ozzies."
5	One of the best local dive bars (this is a good thing) in the valley.  Drinks are a great price and it's across the street from Big Wang (the least touristy and tastiest of the restaurants in the strip mall) I wish we didn't live in Henderson because I'd be here more than once a month.  Mike is an awesome bartender who remembers you every time.  He pours a great drink and really does make the bar a better place to hang out.
4	Awesome spot!! Kinda hole in the wall sorta place, but it's perfect!!Mike the bartender is great. Excellent for beers or cocktails :)
5	The bartenders and regulars here are the sweetest bunch around.  It is an intimate atmosphere where you can play video poker and be left alone, or pal around with the regulars.  The bartenders treat you like a friend and charge you like one too.  You might find people watching the NFL and having an impromptu potluck.   You might end up downing some shots with your new buddies.  They don't serve food but they are smack dab in the middle of Chinatown and surrounded by an eclectic mix of quick-service restaurants.  Kilroy's is a great place to meet up with friends or, if you like, show up on your own.  You'll make friends in no time.
5	I wish I lived right around the corner from this bar.  We stumbled on this place after japanese curry where they did not serve any alcohol.  The bartender was a sweet, awesome lady who took a real interest in her customers.  She bounced from group to group, talking and socializing.  The drinks are cheap and they come fast.  There really isn't much to not love about this place.  Man up, ring the doorbell and have fun!
4	This is Kilroy's not Ozzie's already tried to have Yelp update the name so waiting on that.Nathan, Paul, and Chris are awesome people, friendly, great to talk with, and don't leave my glasses empty. There's a few more that work there but I have yet to meet them. The bar is fully stocked with bottles of liquor and a few beers on tap, like Samuel Adams and Shock Top. It's a small neighborhood bar with plenty of TV's to catch a game. And they'll show everything football, baseball, and even watch a soccer game there. They don't officially claim any sports teams so everyone is welcome to come cheering on their teams. Talking nice about Detroit's teams is a good thing though probably why I like it here.Kilroy's use to be known for their burgers but this is the last Kilroy's in town and it does not serve food. But the best part of about it is they will let you bring in your own food or have them delivered. I know that a few of the other food businesses like Big Wong's have delivered here before. I've also had some of my SnowFlakes here with a beer haha. Japanese Curry Zen said they also might deliver. They are located in the Seoul Plaza, same place as Raku, SnowFlakes, Monta, etc. A popular plaza so they often are out of parking spots. There are no windows so you can forget what time of day it is. Ring the bell at one of their 2 doors in the front and they'll let you in.  Their wall as covered with movie posters with that Kilroy character and celebrity photos. Here's a Wikipedia link about the Kilroy character little relation http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kilroy_was_here .Grab a few drinks while waiting for your table at those near business or after eating. Drinks are reasonably priced.
4	I was meeting up a couple of people for drinks at Kilroy's. I had no clue where this meeting place was at. Kilroy's = Ozzie's.  When I got there, I saw 2 doors. How am I seeing double when I haven't even started drinking yet?  I tried opening the door on the right but there was a sign to use the other door. I tried opening the door on the left but I had to ring the doorbell to get in. I got in but there was nobody else but the bartender and a customer - I thought to myself, "what the heck, am I getting punked?"It's a very small bar which means you get your drink on faster. I got a glass of Shock Top...then I got really hungry. They don't have food here but the bartender said we could get food delivered from neighboring restaurants like Big Wong, Japanese Curry Zen, etc. So, next time Snowflake gets swamped, I'll come here with my snow and get a drink too.They have video poker machines...and I believe I saw a pool table after I got done drinking.**no pool table in real sober life. You'll see one when drunk**
1	Worst place I've ever been all the bartenders are wasted. One of the bartenders added a tip when we payed cash it is a very very shady place it's now called kilroys and the bartender got off and got into a bar fight like it was nothing if u wanna get socked by a bartender then this is ur spot
1	KillRoy's... "World's best Berger" or well now "worlds coldest draft beer"... RIGHT!!... They don't serve food... I don't know what else to say... FAIL!!!!
4	Great place to come hang out with some friendsb or have some drinks after work. Prices are pretty reasonable $4 for a large beer smaller sizes are available as well. Not a huge selection but can't go wrong with a $4 blue moon. Not real crowded when I went but it was a Thursday night. Bartenders are friendly and offer good service. Oh and it's not Ozzie's it's actually called Kilroys now I guess.
3	This is the cheapest hangout out there. The drinks are decent and the service is ok. Will come back.
5	Came in here after work for a cold beer last week and was so happy I did! My bartender was Derek. He has the best personality to go along with his awesome service!! Most of the time bartenders will give you your drink and run off until long after you already need another one, however Derek made sure I was doing good on multiple occasions. It's nice to see a handsome guy flashing off a great smile behind the bar rather than a bimbo showing off her fake ones. Will def be back when Derek is working!
5	Killroys! THE FUCKING BOMB....But Songo's bought it, it's closed ATM and makes me very sad! Bring BACK Pam, Chris and JoJo!!!!
