5	I've only been here a couple of times. And I haven't been since she had a fire and had to close down for a bit. But according to the owner, Lani's, emails they are back up and going strong.I'd have to echo Melinda's comments...except that I'm not a jewelry snob...I like my stuff all over the map...huge, cheap, clanky to sophisticated, small, and vintage. But no matter what the style, Olive Annies has incredible pieces. I love the stuff in this store.We found some awesome stamps here and I seriously drooled over these hand made necklace/broach pieces for about 30 minutes. In addition, Lani is arguably the sweetest woman running a business on 7th street, which def doesn't hurt!
5	What a special place this is! Lani, the owner, is just wonderful. And the place couldn't be cuter. It's always fun to pop in and see what's new. In October, there were these great little velvet pumpkins that my friends and I couldn't resist. Hmmm....I just realized that I'm due for a looky loo, so I'm heading there today!
4	Olive Annie is beyond cute!   I found it on accident.  7th street was all blocked up and I was living back in that neighborhood at the time.   I cut through on Sheridan and I saw Olive Annie.  In my frustration with traffic, I had to just park and go in since shopping seems to calm my nerves. They weren't open but I saw 2 ladies in there.  They saw me at the door and let me in anyway b/c they had just opened the shop the week prior and def. weren't going to turn a customer away (this is what I am guessing).  They were so nice and chatted with me a bit about the store.  They had some really great stuff in there, clothes by Free People and just some great shabby chic items for fun, decor and whimsy.  I love shops like this! I need to go back.
5	I returned to olive post-fire. It's more beautiful than ever with a huge jewelry selection. I highly recommend a stop here!
4	love love love this place!!! A little too pricey for everyday shopping. But always unique fun gifts for myself and my friends. Love that she brings in local artists and designers.
