1	Worst experience at a nail salon, EVER.I took my little sister here with me once on a Sunday night. They were technically closed, but as we were about to leave they said it was okay to come in. They had about two customers left.Once we came in, they asked what I wanted (from the very back), and seemed hurried. I quickly said one pedi and mani (even though I was planning on getting a full set). BUT, once the lady came up to us, I said very clearly to her that my sister wanted a pedicure and I wanted a full set. She smiled, nodded, and took us to our areas.My little sister's pedicure was very short. She probably spent ten minutes in her chair. And while her nails were cute when she was done, they were ruined a week later (polish chipping, shine gone, all that), and she didn't feel like her feet got the TLC they needed. Not worth what we paid for at all!As for me, I took AN HOUR AND A HALF. Because the lady doing my nails wasn't listening to anything I said. She was taking me to a basic station where simple manicures are normally done. I sensed this and told her, "I want to get acryllics." She clearly heard me, she was looking right at me, and said, "Yes." She then proceeded to do all the things you do when you get a basic manicure. I told her THREE TIMES after that, that I did not want a manicure, I want a full set. "We're putting acryllics on, right? We're doing a full set, right?" to which she responded "Yes" every single time. Finally after like ten minutes I tell her that I don't think she's doing the right thing.She said I wanted a manicure....Um.Now, I'm a really really patient person, but I was furious. I told the other lady who was working there what was going on. Without saying anything else, she led me to her station where she cleaned up the lotion and started giving me a full set. The other lady comes by and says that I still have to pay for the manicure because she did more than half of it. ARE YOU KIDDING ME. I said no way, and that she wasn't listening to me at all the multiple times I told her that isn't what I wanted! I had to argue a while, but the lady doing my set finally said I wouldn't pay for it. She was fast at first, but towards the end went really slowly so that by the time I was done we'd been there over an hour and a half!All this time, the other lady was obviously trash-talking us in Vietnamese when she should have been cleaning stations and getting ready to leave. Omg.In the end they charged us for the full set and pedicure (while I was still getting my nails done) and the lady "accidentally" charged me for the manicure. She thought I wouldn't notice, but I did. I made her return it and charge me correctly. They just let us leave when I was done. No "thanks for your business" or any apologies, or even a single good-bye or smile.Wish they'd just turned us away in the beginning.
2	I have been here a few times and always left pissed off. I tell the lady who messing them up, do not make thin around the cuticle. She still does it after I tell her as soon as i sit down. Too much filling. She makes my nails look like lee press on nails. I have used two different women here and they both have a LISTENING PROBLEM WHEN I TELL THEM BEFOREHAND HOW I WANT THEM.  This is exactly why I hate getting my nails done. Trying to relax and read and have to check that your not filing them paper thin. I have never been to a place that files so much, evedn tho I HAVE TOLD THEM BEFOREHAND DO NOT FILE SO MUCH AROUND THE CUTICLE. I LIKE THEM THICK. If you like your nails to look like lee press on nails go here. I hate getting them done by people that dont care how IIIIIII want them!!!!!
1	I went to get my eyebrows waxed during my lunch break and the woman who did them, (I believe her name was Rose) completely botched them. First of all she barely took ANYTHING off and proceeded to tweeze the entire brow for about 15 mins  and when I finally got up to see them.. they were totally crooked and she completely neglected to wax the middle of the brows. First off, If I wanted to tweeze my brows I would of done them at home myself. When I told them that they were crooked she replied with "sometimes the skin is crooked" ?!?! WTH is she talking about? I've been getting my eye brows waxed for at least ten years and I have never heard anything about my skin being crooked. One eye brow is clearly raised higher in one spot and the other has hardly any arch at all. The only way to fix this mistake is to wax them again at which point they will be paper thin. Then when I asked for my money back, she told me it wasn't fair to HER! I'm the one with crooked eyebrows but it's not fair to HER to return my money. What a crazy point of view this woman has. Will never return here again. At the very least she could have offered to fix them, instead she decided to blame "my crooked skin" for her mistake.
5	Wendy has been doing my pedicures for almost 2 years now so I can only speak for her service. She is very professional, takes her time and accommodating! And the foot massage is amazing! I had my pedicure done yesterday and when I got home my son accidentally stepped on my foot while playing and got one of my nail polish smudged. I called the salon today to see if they could fix it and they happily obliged. Wendy was with another customer when I stopped by so she had another lady re-do my nail who was very nice as well. I have been to other nail salons but this is the best by far!
1	I tried this place out because it's close to where I live. Gel manicures I've gotten at other salons always last for 2 1/2 to 3 weeks. My first gel manicure I got here started peeling after 10 days, so I returned to get a polish change and gave them another shot. AGAIN, my nails started peeling this time only after 8 days!! The staff isn't very friendly either. Go elsewhere!
1	I will NOT return, they charged me for a FULL set PLUS a manicure because I asked them to make it look nice around my cuticles because when they filed my nails- it made my cuticles look SO bad, plus the girl that did them rushed because she was almost off ! She cut me and made me bleed 3 times, she was so NOT gentle. She did not listen to me about the shape I requested AND she was rude when I asked her to PLEASE fix the one that she made have a dent! There polish also was pretty Old, not much good selection either! Skip this place and drive down the street!
