5	Superb bar in which to chill out. They have a big range of beers, and specialize in all things Czech. They have a tiny little club-type floor with good DJs. Very central and well worth visiting. It'd be difficult to find a place less in your face.
3	A small-ish, nice-ish, good for an after-work pint-ish pub that I would happily visit again.Hidden under the bridge at the back entrance of Waverly Station, it is conveniently close for a drink after hopping off the train, or for anyone who works in the city centre. However, unlike say All Bar One or the trendier bars off Princes St., it has that lived in, drunk in, and worn in feel more akin to dare-I-say "student bars". It's laid back, comfortable, earthy and gives a good pint or JD-and-coke; don't expect any cosmos or mojitos here!The music was a bit different, the bar staff had personality and were friendly. It's hidden away, and it's also basement level - so not the easiest to come by or the most appealing to wander into. But it has a real 'local' feel to it, and does nicely for a reliable, convenient and cosy place to get a drink or two.
2	People seem to think it's a unique Czech pub when Pivo is simply a chain.. The one in Stirling is much better (if it's still there) so for a chain, it should be cheaper.It's also badly laid out for space because it's in a cellar with low ceilings so if you are a hyperventilating hypochondriac like me, you might feel too enclosed. There's also more space in a wendy house than there is on the dance floor which isn't really a dance floor, just a space where perhaps a couple of tables would've fitted in instead. Good for: Wealthy small people who like sweat. Bad for: Tall people on a budget who get claustrophobia.
4	Open till 3am every night of the week. Need I say more?When I want to stay out drinking after the pubs shut but don't fancy a night club, Pivo fits the bill nicely. It's a late bar but more a drinking den than a place to dance the night away. You don't go here for real ales but they do have a few German beers on tap which is nice.It's always a relaxed atmosphere and a chilled place to keep drinking and chatting into the wee hours with a reasonable chance of grabbing a seat. Subdued lighting but not dark, music playing but not at deafening volume, it's my cubby hole of choice after midnight. Did I mention it's open till 3am every night of the week?
3	Sitting below one of my regular haunts, the Black Bull Tavern, it's a wee place that I often forget exists. If the Bull is busy, like yesterday, then it's well worth nipping downstairs to enjoy some peace and quiet.It seems that there's a link between the two pubs as well (other than being run by Bellhaven) in that the staff seem interchangeable - and that's no bad thing.There's a vast array of draft beers in here, enough to keep even me happy, and the bottles in the fridge are chilled to perfection. There's a selection of comfy couches to park yourself in - not that I've ever managed to nab one yet! - and it's a pleasant, cool atmosphere.This is a fantastic place to come with friends, or even just plonk yourself down somewhere with something to read, and some great beers.The free wifi is also happily accepted!
