4	Sows of all ethnicities are welcome at China One!China One is a massive Mongolian-Chinese buffet. The restaurant is never too full, in a great location, features reasonable prices and most of the offerings tempt repeatedly. There are a couple of issues, though. The service is pedestrian and too carefree; the servers are space cadets and rarely present timely. Drink plenty of fluids ... then drink more ... the food is liberally laced of delicious MSG. As expected, the sushi is old and a health risk with every swallow greatly increases.The review reads a little negative, but China One is a sensational guilty pleasure for its price. If you see me at the buffet line, though ... step aside and give respects.
2	Decent grub, very good selection.  Unfortunately the people running this place are extremely unfriendly and unpleasant.
1	This was the worst display of Chinese since Chris Tucker in Rush Hour. I always go into chinese buffets thinking, "you can't mess up the fried foods, fruits, and ice cream". I was proved wrong today when I went to One China West. I knew the minute I stepped in, this place was terrible. How did I know this? By looking at the pitiful display of aquatic animals at this establishment. The fish tank consisted of 3 orange tumor goldfish and one fu manchu catfish. A chinese restaurant that can't even afford a worthy aquarium has no business serving food to the masses. There's just no luck in it. Show me a restaurant with a beautiful coi pond and i'll show me a restaurant that takes pride in their work. The place consisted of about 6 sections of food. One fruit/salad, one desert, one fried foods/dry foods, and two chinese food bars, and one terrible looking sushi bar that I didn't even attempt to stomach. They have a wok-like cook area in the back, but after my first plate of food I didn't even want to try it. My first plate consisted of general tsos chicken, eggrolls, pot stickers, pepper n salt beef, sweet and sour chicken, fried and hot chicken wings, fried rice, and a miserable waitress. The fried foods were unstomachable. They were super breaded and were questionable in the interior. The pot stickers were the worst of the bunch. Breaded about an inch thick and when opened up contains a turd of grade F beef. The eggrolls were much of the same with a soggy outside and inside filled with nothing but vegetables from another planet. The chicken wings were also so stale that I couldn't stomach them. I don't understand how you mess up frying foods or messing up pot stickers and eggrolls. I mean how hard is it to take some frozen goods out of a bag and toss them into some oil?The only thing stomachable from most of the buffet was the general tso's chicken and fruit and I think that was only because of the fact that everything was so horrible. I realized that in areas like Madison, the people don't have enough experience with Americanized Chinese foods  to understand how bad it was. I'm glad to be heading back home
2	Crappy vegetarian selection. The few things I had were meh. Definitely needs better labeling for the buffet for noobies like myself.
2	I will be the first to admit that I am very inexperienced when it comes to Asian cuisine. Dare I say, I'm almost afraid of it. But recently, almost as if it's my pre-New Year's Resolution, I have taken on the mantra of trying new things. I met my cousin and her husband there for dinner and we were seated very quickly. China One West has a 'clean plate club' that is strictly enforced (I learned from my cousin right away), basically if you don't eat everything you grabbed, you have to pay extra. Okay, I know the deal, so let's eat!I go up and put a small sampling of anything that looks appetizing. I don't know the food well enough to take huge chances. But I was able to fill my plate up - large selection and quite the variety. They even had some spicy chicken (in that red sauce that would easily dye your clothes a dark red if given the chance). Surprisingly, I don't remember finding white rice. But man, I was able to find some food that I wanted seconds of very quickly.Asian desserts, those were quite the treat as well (no pun intended). I guess their ice cream machine was broken (vanilla was fine, but the chocolate mix was low - so a swirl was out).I saw a few Yelper's mention that the staff wasn't very friendly. Well, I wanted to disagree and stayed optimistic but after our first helping we were brought the bill. Umm, this is a buffet and I guess if you sit with empty plates too long they assume you're finished. Well, we went back up maybe 2 more times and I never got a beverage refill or was checked on by our waitress that got us drinks in the beginning. Once that bill came she was done with us. I got my own drink on trip #3, which I think is fine, but she came back on round 4 to refill drinks so I just don't get it.Poor service and the gut rot the next morning were enough to make me question when I will return. However, it was a good selection and the price was fair so I want write them off indefinitely.
4	Chinese folks in Madison will hate me for giving this secret away... but there's a separate seating section toward the left of the restaurant and a separate, authentic Chinese (Cantonese style) menu.  I'm originally from Chicago and lived about half my life in Taiwan and have had Cantonese food in Hong Kong, Toronto, etc.I would say that if Hong Kong is a 10 and Toronto a 9, and Chicago's finest Chinatown establishments an 8, then China One is a 7.Here's what I've eaten there so far:Beef stir-fried Ho Fun - 8.5/10Shiu Mai - 8/10Ha Gao (shrimp dumpling) - 5/10 - definitely not fresh shrimpTofu Clay pot - 8/10Roast duck - 9/10XO sauce ho fun rolls - 9/10Pork and duck egg congee with fried dough - 9/10 All in all this ties with Ichiban for the best Chinese food in Madison, though the two restaurants serve very different styles.
1	Cold buffet food that's so laced with salt and MSG that we each drank a gallon of water when we got home. Only good thing: the beer is reasonably priced.
5	Update: For Chinese food in Madison, it's definitely 5 stars if you eat on the authentic side, order off the menu (not the buffet) and are looking for authentic Chinese food
1	I'm not picking on Chinese in Madison but this is typical bad Chinese that you find on the south and Midwest.  Tasteless slop for the fat buffet people.  Best Chinese food can be found in the northeast and the west coast.  This stuff sucks.. Goto Burger King which is close by.
3	This buffet was ok, there is something for everyone.  It is not something I would frequent, but I did try some things I wasn't going to get a full plate of.  They had a little bit of sushi, some traditional buffet items, and even multiple soups.  There was a sign that requests you to mind the amount of food you get and that they reserve the right to charge extra for being wasteful (i.e. get a full plate, leave half and then go up for more).  Smart and totally understandable.
