4	I had a meeting at this Starbucks today... it was my first time to this location.  I chose it because it's so convenient - literally just off the Scottsdale/Rural exit from the 202, next to In-N-Out Burger.  Although I frequent Starbucks (other locations closer to home) more often than I'd like to admit, I don't think I've yelped them before.  It's usually uneventful and I almost always order 1 of 2 drinks - iced or hot coffee or hot soy latte.  However, today I was in the mood to try something else.From the second I walked in, these guys working behind the counter (yes, indeed, they were all guys) made me smile.  They all had personality and were willing to help me pick out something new to try.  I ended up going with a grande frappucino light blended coffee and it was really tasty.  I just checked the nutrition info online (just to see how guilty I should feel) and I saw that my drink had only 130 calories and .5 grams of fat... not bad!Thanks to those of you at this location that not only helped me choose my new favorite drink today, but also for adding some fun to my busy morning!****Only negative - I did use the ladies room and it needs to be cleaned - the floor was pretty bad.  Maybe that has to do with the all guys working there today, but just some feedback for the powers that be.
3	This location can be tough to pull in and out of due to all the traffic (it is at Rural and the 202) and the steep incline.  But it does have a speedy drive thru and it is on the way to work!
4	My only real complaint is coming south on Scottsdale road, to get to it you need to make a u turn, and the idiots coming out of Gregio Apartments seem to turn right without looking...
2	I frequent this Starbucks every morning because it's so close to the Loop 202.  My experience with the drive through isn't as positive as the other reviewers.  I generally go there during the morning rush between 800 and 830.  At first, the general experience was pretty good.  Pull Up, Order, Pay, Get coffee.Lately it's been SLOW lines, wrong orders, wrong drinks, and wrong food.  The place seemed great at first, but when you go there as frequently as I do, the little flaws start to reveal themselves.
1	Don't
3	Heyyyyyy it's a Starbucks! It's right by my house, so it's convenient. This location is like all the other locations. The coffee is pretty good, those little breakfast sandwiches are really good, and it's busy as hell almost all the time. I can walk from my apartment whenever I want, so it's great for a weekend morning where we really want convenient breakfast and coffee. Service is friendly. We've gone the last two years on Christmas morning (not traveling home has it's perks), and this last year they were doing something they called "pay it forward". In essence, each person in line contributes to the person behind them. My wife and I had about $10 put toward our order, and we decided to pay for the coffee for the guy in line behind us. It was a small thing, but a nice gesture and in keeping with the spirit of the holiday. For the other 364 days a year, again, it's a Starbucks. You know what you're getting, and you'll be satisfied.
5	LOVE having a DRIVE-THRU Starbucks close to home and close to the 202. However, in the AM it can get a bit hairy since the drive-thru section can interfere with drivers pulling into the parking lot.It's located right next to 2 of my other favorite spots in town - In N Out & Yogurtland.So far I haven't had any problems with my drinks and the service is fairly quick both in-house & via the drive-thru. Seats can be limited especially since there are a lot of students studying here during the afternoon. They have patio seating outside with a couple of tables and a long sofa.Bathrooms here are clean too!
2	I've been to this location a couple times. On one visit, the baristas were so self absorbed with their petty personal gab that they had to ask my order several times, then proceeded to give me a terrible drink that wasn't made properly and was undrinkable. This location is very busy during the work rush, especially the drive through. I recommend going to a different location.
4	Stopped by here at 6:00 A.M. since I was staying at the Aloft hotel directly across.  There was no wait since it was so early and my drink and food was prepared  immediately.  The barista there was very polite and smiling the entire time.  I was able to sit quietly and enjoy my drink and breakfast.  Absolutely no complaints and love the fact that it is conveniently located right across from the hotel.  I'd definitely stop by here again when staying in the area.
2	I have visited this location several times in the past and the people are friendly, but the wait is always inordinately long. I do realize going through a drive thru at prime coffee buying hours will create a longer wait time than usual, but I am certain I was in line for over 20 minutes and likely close to 25, behind 6 cars, with one individual each, none of whom appeared to be collecting enough coffee for an army. I would have come in, as for some reason, they are always able to more quickly accommodate more people inside at this location, but had my dog in the car and with the temperature in AZ this time of year, leaving her would not have been a viable option. After having waited for what I feel was an excessive amount of time (given the factors above I was able to ascertain during my time watching from the car window), I also left with an incorrect order. I had asked for a venti Americano with soy and to add the pumpkin syrup and a particular breakfast sandwich. I guess I have to believe that this beverage getting cold in front of me is an Americano, but, while I detect the pumpkin, there is definitely no soy (or any other type of milk/cream). I could probably have lived without the pumpkin if they'd remembered the milk; But, (and I am no aficionado) this does not even seem like very good coffee. On top of the above, it seems possibly burnt, and definitely bitter. I also ordered a breakfast sandwich, which should have come on an English muffin and this morning was given what I can only compare to something you would get from McDonalds (for less money) on some kind of roll. Unfortunately, I didn't notice any of this until I was in my office, and I don't have time in my day to drive back to the coffee shop to remedy the situation. There is another drive thru closer to my house, but in the opposite direction I need to travel to work, and while they are also very busy at early hours, the wait does not seem disproportionate to the number of cars, and, when I have had to wait they are, at a minimum, apologetic about the delays. Perhaps they might consider having a second cashier or customer service person attend the window during high volume hours. The gent on this trip was nice enough, but wasn't exactly moving at a speedy pace either. I have been a Starbucks customer for about 10 years, and a large reason for that loyalty is the consistency of service and product from store to store. I recently received a gold card (wish someone had told me about that program years ago) and the shop inside the Safeway nearest my office is terrific (review to be forthcoming). If I had left with the right order or at least been able to drink the now cold coffee on my desk I would probably be a lot less grumpy at the moment, which my co-workers would probably appreciate as well.
2	Love the coffee.  Love the barristas.  That is all the good stuff...The drive thru is a plus if you are in a hurry, but the parking lot and access with it make for hassles parking and getting around other customers in their cars.The inside is small for a Starbucks and patio seating is limited.  With the location close  to the University and the freeway, this can mean waiting for a seat or taking your drink elsewhere.I have not had issues with waiting a long time for my drinks like other reviewers have. My pet peeve with this location is that they do not enforce the non-smoking ban.  The air next to the patio is bad already with the drive thru car lanes wrapping around it, but add smokers to the mix and the patio is miserable.  The friendly staff do not enforce the no smoking ban.  It can make for an awful experience if you do not like the aroma of cigarette smoke.
1	Literally the worst service I've ever had. The baristas were too busy flirting with the giant group of guys outside drinking water to get our drinks in a timely fashion, and they forgot about our food. Horrible service and when I acknowledged them about my drink tasting funny, she didn't offer to fix it. Makes me not want to even bother with Starbucks anymore. Didn't even say goodbye or thank you when we left.
1	I have NEVER written a review for yelp BUT because today's experience has happened 7 times already I had to.  Don't get me wrong they are nice but damn these employees don't know what " drizzle in the cup" means. I ask for the caramel and mocha drizzle in the cup EVERY TIME and somehow I only get caramel, sometimes just the mocha, sometimes I only get it on the whipped cream LOL honestly the only reason why it bugs me so much is because I'm PAYING THEM $5.16 to make a drink and I expect it to come out the way I want. I think anyone would want that as well.
5	I drive thru this location at least 3 times a week and I've never had a bad experience.   They are always friendly and the service is consistently great.
4	This is a good starbucks. It's near the airport and has a not-so-rushed atmosphere. .55 cent refills on passion iced tea. Very clean restroom.
5	My favorite Starbucks in the valley, always a warm and friendly staff and the only store that remembers me even tho I only go through the drive thru. This is the only store that I go to when I want my favorite drink (5 shot Americano in a trente cup), no other store will make this for me. I love this store, thank you to that crew! You guys are awesome!
4	I wish I could give this a five star review, but the drink pick- up counter had ants on it today.
4	Great location across from Aloft hotel.  Quick service and the food and coffee were good.    Nice little store.  Not amazing, but good.
2	I love Starbucks, but this location isn't the best. Most of the time my drink either tastes off or their staff doesn't really listen to requests.
