4	Zea is a quaint little cafe on Rose Street offering a good selection of takeaway and sit-in snacks and beverages. They offer soups, sandwiches, paninis, various filled rolls and cakes too if you're just looking for a sweet treat. The cafe is bright and airy and is painted white which adds to the fresh feel about it. The prices are also very reasonable and it's perfect for a shopping pit stop.The best thing about Zea is that they offer outdoor seating which is perfect on a sunny day when you can sit out enjoying your purchase while doing a spot of people watching. Perfect!
4	Zea is a nice, airy and spacious place to grab a panini on Rose Street.As Eleanor said, the decor is fresh and zesty if you're choosing to sit in. The food too is fresh, with healthy fillings on offer as well as sweet delights such as cakes if you're just looking for an afternoon snack.The staff are polite and it's an affordable, tasty option if you're looking for a quick bite in this area of Edinburgh.
4	For what it is - a local, independently run lunchtime sandwich store - Zea ticks all the boxes. In the city centre, surrounded by chains and fancy schmancy delis, stepping in here instantly took me back to my favourite sandwich shop in my hometown, Perth, where they served nice food at cheap prices by school kids on their Saturday jobs. Homely, fuss free and nice.The fridge-bar is well stocked with all sorts of yummy fillings. There's pasta salads, baked potatoes, home-made soups and the like. I was only having tea but my partner ordered the mushroom soup, and a pasta salad with vegetables and tuna (I think he just requested it). Both were really tasty and satisfying - and good value for money.There's no 'essence of truffle oil' or 'balsamic sun dried tomato pesto' here. Head to New Town if you want that. But this is a great local sandwich shop that is holding its own on Rose Street. For a good ol' fashioned chicken and sweetcorn sarnie, or tuna and cheese baked potato, I'll be coming here.Oh and the cakes look and sound absolutely delicious, all home-made as well, and they do orders and delivery of whole pies. Yum.
4	Good food and really entertaining service is what you'll find at Zea, on Rose Street. I really enjoyed my visit.Overall, we said: "I found Zea a great little place. The food is solidly good, but it's the joy radiating from behind the counter that's the real selling point. Rarely have I visited a place where the staff were sharing such joy and merriment with their patrons. Pay it a visit soon, particularly if you're needing a lunchtime smile."
