3	This alley is right out of the 50's. I love the old feel. The service is wonderful and friendly. I will go back again with friends and family... unfortunately, I am a bowler, and the ball returns destroyed my ball. If you are a bowler and have an outing planned here, USE THE HOUSE BALLS! Other than that, this place is really fun, especially late night.
4	this place really surprised me - from the outside it's a bit run down but it's very nice and clean inside.  it's also very reasonable - 2 games for 4 and shoe rental for $25.  there is also a small arcade area for non-bowlers and they have a decent selection of games.  there are also vending machines for quick drinks and snacks.  their snack bar was still closed when we got there so we weren't able to try any of the food that they serve.i would definitely go back to this bowling alley!
4	Always a good time bowling here. From the outside, it's a bit rundown and the neighborhood is a bit older as well, but the inside is clean, bright, and welcoming. The snack bar needs help as the last couple of times we went, the cook was ridiculously slow. We just wanted cheese sticks and it took 45 minutes...and there were only 4 other lanes being used at the time! All in all, good family fun with great offers if you sign up for their email list and friend them on Facebook!
5	Very helpful, my four year old was able to have a great time. Automatic scoring system and bumpers were very easy to figure out. Lots of lanes. Arcade was fun too.
4	My 9 year old daughter had her birthday party here. It was great! Lots of fun and so easy for me (no setup or cleanup!). My daughter loved it and we'll definitely be back.
3	That wacky cosmic-bowling dance party thing brings me back to a time of 80's music, large cathode-ray-tube displays, and bowling alleys with disco balls and lasers.  The outside makes it look a little rough around the edges, but the alley is nice enough.  They have some good packages for $44 that include two hours of bowling, shoe rentals, and a pitcher of soda from the snack bar.Not a bad deal for some family fun!!
4	My husband who is a native Arizonan used to go to this place when he was little.  When there was nothing else do to in Avondale.  So it's definitely an older building but it is very well kept.  The bathrooms were clean!  It was nice to see staff (party heros) actually working instead of standing around talking to each other loudly and unprofessionally.  We had pizza which was decent!  French fries were super hot and wonderful.  However, there was something wrong with the draft Amber Boch.  We were there on Sunday around lunch time.  Very impressed and will go back again soon!
3	Had a fun time bowling here. Nothing particularly stands out about this place but the bowling was great. Good ball selection, easy to use scoring computer and pretty clean shoes. One complaint I have is that the TV monitors showing the scores are very outdated. Also, the snack bar was being renovated so the place looked a little trashy. Nothing too special but most bowling alleys are the same way. Will be back next time I'm in Arizona.
5	It is a bowling ally it echos, it is loud, smells like feet what is not to like about it ?
5	Great customer service! We decided instead of the usual pizza party we would take the whole family to go bowling. We had 24 people in our party. Our daughters had a blast. All the grandmas loved it! They even gave the competitive ones in our family some extra few minutes, so they could finish their game in their lane when it was all over. Hilarious.  The new seating and wood floors look great. Highly recommend. We spent only $200 on 4 lanes, 2 hours of bowling, 24 pairs of shoes, and 4 pitchers of soda. Plus they stored our birthday cake in their fridge. Honestly, they have the best service and price I have seen anywhere in a long time. We will be coming back.
4	The music videos are so off. It lags a minute or so. So when you want to sing a long or watch the video, their lips are is off. Lolz. Ahhhh Fix it.
5	I have to give this place a five star review. I teach at a local middle school. We had a standing reservation with Lifetime pool for 275 students. The Friday before we were scheduled to go (we were scheduled for Monday) Lifetime announced that the pool wouldn't be available to us. Keep in mind all of the kids had already paid 9 dollars and the money had been sent to district. The kids had all brought in permission slips...IT WAS A MESS!Tri-City Bowl bailed us out. They were able to take us in on VERY LITTLE notice. They pulled out all of the stops for the kids. It was amazing. I've been teaching for 12 years and have been on many field trips. These people were AWESOME. The kids had a BLAST. Thank you Tri-City Bowl. You people saved us and the kids won't stop talking about what a great time they had. All of the people who work there are GREAT.
5	Fun bowling. Awesome bartender.  Greg is here a lot and he is always friendly and cool.
5	Of all the bowling alleys in the area, this one is cleanest and doesn't have the "run down" feeling. Haven't been here in ages and looks like they've done some redesigning and it has greatly helped. Would pick here 100 times out of 100 compared to desert sky. Be sure to go to the Brunswick website and sign up for the email promotions. Bowling can be pricey without those coupons.
5	Love bowling there!!! Great staff and bowling pro shop. If you really love to bowl and have a great time this is the place. Been bowling there since 90's when it was private to the new Brunswick ownership Awsome new look and nice arcade and pool tables!!! Would recommend it to all.
