5	Finally: Fun and effective workouts that emphasis health and strength over thin and beautiful. That said, after 8 weeks, I can attest that changes are being made in my core and in my attitude. I actually look forward to these workouts! Jade, who owns the business, guides you through the exercises and keeps you motivated. She's wonderful! And the classes are small (with people of all sizes attending) and focused on you and your goals. Best of all, perhaps: just 30 minutes for 3x per week is getting me results. Try it; you'll be impressed. Several class times each day to choose from.
5	I can't say enough about FBBC!  Jade is one of a kind (truly exceptional!) and her staff is equally amazing.  Despite having a lot of weight to lose, I don't feel out of place at FBBC.  The atmosphere is one of health and healthy habits, rather than being primarily focused on appearance.  Classes are challenging (modifiable if you have limitations), educational (Jade explains why certain exercises are especially beneficial, suggests things you can do outside of class, and ensures you're always using proper form), fun (each class is different), motivational (words of encouragement along w/ upbeat music) and I love that they're only 30 minutes!  Finding an hour can sometimes be a challenge, but 30 minutes is always doable (no excuses!).  I've tried pretty much every small to large gym in Madison and this is truly home -- you're not just a client, but a family member.  The additional support (outside of class) is what sets FBBC apart from the others.  My best gym and group exercise experience to date!
5	Love this place!! Been going for 10 months; it's the first fitness routine I have been committed to.  The staff is engaged with the "campers" and Jade & Ben are a wealth of information.
5	I've had memberships at every major health club in madison over the years, and I always get bored.  I decided to try FBBC during one of their fitness challenges about three months ago. I am so happy I took the chance and went in. I was nervous because I'm not really a fan of group exercise...makes me nervous. But FBBC is really a place for everyone. I feel so comfortable, supported and successful there. Everyone is wonderful. The trainers are amazing, Jade the owner has an insane amount of knowledge that she loves to share, and all the people I have the pleasure of working out with are becoming friends. It's like a family. Over the three months...following Jades advice and working out 5X a week I've lost 30 lbs. I love going in and having the workouts be a surprise and I love that it's 30 minutes start to finish.  I'm 34 and I got to a place with my health where I needed to get it together. FBBC is exactly what I was looking for. And I'm well on my way to reaching fitness goals I though were long behind me. If your even thinking about it go in for an orientation...it just might be exactly what you needed, like it has been for me.
4	Pros: Group workouts with very charismatic, supportive trainers. You bounce from station to station doing everything from kettlebell lifting to TRX or burpees.  It's hard to get bored during a session and the rapport between classmates is awesome. There's very rarely a competitive vibe but everyone wants to do their best.  Love it!Cons: While the bouncy foam floor they have is awesome on my hands and knees, the floor can get a little gross since you work out barefoot.  I'll sometimes spot leftover skin flakes when I'm doing floor exercises. Ick.The price was also a little much for me. As much as I like the workouts, I can either pay the monthly membership fee or my electric bill.  Sadly, I think it's back to occasional visits once my Groupon is done.
5	I was skeptical how effective a 30 min workout would produce results when I started. I am fairly new to boot camps but I had done a few intense ones prior to FBBC. But with regular practice 3+ times a week I am starting to see results. You switch between 4 stations in the first 20 min of class followed by another 10 min sets. Nic is a very good instructor, he greets you by your name and has a positive fun attitude. They also send you informative emails with healthy diet tips. I am convinced this will give you results with consistent practice.
5	I work weekly with a trainer, but needed to augment those sessions with more than just working out at a club, which got boring for me. FBBC of Madison is perfect. Not only does the group dynamic keep me motivated, but I look forward to going there. Great instructors, good workout in just 30 minutes, and already I can see and feel the difference (in just 3 weeks!). This is a good place to work out, so sign up. You will love it.
