2	I give this Blockbuster 2 stars only because the majority of the employees there have excellant customer service skills. The manager I encountered tonight, Shaun, needs to go back to school on how to deal with customers. His condescending, demeaning, rude behavior is something for the record books. Hopefully the letter I just sent to Blockbuster will initiate quick action to avoid having Shaun offend too many other customers. And, thankfully, I don't let such encounters get to me...for long. Another reason to avoid the store (assuming it stays open much longer) is that the DVDs in the Kids and Family section are almost all scratched and virtually impossible to watch without issues. Blockbuster needs a policy that encourages people to treat the DVDs with enough care that other people can enjoy the movie for months to come.I will follow up with the results of my letter to Blockbuster, where I asked that this person either be terminated or given a written warning that such antics will not be tolerated. Period. We'll see, but at least I know that Shaun takes his negative, sarcastic, condescending attitude with him and I never have to experience that level of negativity again.
5	Save the video store, people! Great staff, and one of only few relics of its kind.
4	One of the last video rental stores in Mesa. There have been lots of changes. The movie selection has gone down. Foreign films are almost non-existent. New rentals are still $3 a night. That's the bad. On the good side, all the older movies are $1 rentals including older blurays. There are multiple plans to exchange movies for a monthly fee. If you have blockbuster movies mailed to you, you can exchange your mailed movies for any movie in the store, keep it as long as you want for free. The next movie in your queue gets mailed to you once the store movie is returned. This is by far the best deal. The online selection is great, and you can't bet free new movies. I'm with Sara, Save the video store!
4	This location is being closed. I guess the video store is really dying.
1	Going out of business ... You might want to open up before 11am... Or maybe you just don't care anymore ....
