5	Fun, flirty, and one hour of absolute joy. Pushes boundaries, safely and comfortably in a No Drama zone for women although I know they are planning to add men's classes too. Studio has three rooms with various classes with burlesque with VaVaVoom in one of the private studio rooms. Affordable, silly, sexy and uplifting.
5	VaVaVoom's classes are done in a relaxed, supportive environment.  Whether you're beginning your dance development or trying something different, this studio definitely has something to teach you.  Their classes will assist you in building a stage persona or bringing out your inner sex kitten, whether you're ready to share that with your husband/boyfriend or a crowd of hundreds!
5	The best part of my week is the hour I get to spend in class with the VaVaVoom instructors and students. I had never taken a dance class before I decided to give burlesque a try and now I am completely hooked! The studio is full of nothing but positive energy (it's actually a rule:), good music and good people. The instructors not only teach you new moves, but they talk about the history of burlesque, persona building, costuming. The class size is small, so you not only get to know the amazing instructors, but they have the chance to take time to help students out individually. The dancing is great and fun and such a confidence boost, but the environment is such a big part of the experience too: no divas, no judging, no cattiness...everyone is so lovely and just cool - you end up loving your classmates just as much as the class itself!
5	Awesome experience, signed up for another class already.
5	Ms. Lucy not only teaches you how to shake your groove thang, she takes you on the journey to accept your body and yourself in all its glory. I feel more comfortable in my skin and have learned to embrace parts of myself that I usually only see in a negative light. I'd most definitely recommend VaVaVoom to any woman - from the most shy to the daredevil anxious to take it all off!
