1	If I could give a negative rating I would. With that said If you have to go here then go but...A little over a year ago I had to go to the ER and after waiting for over two hours when there was no body in front of me and it was early and not busy I finally got seen by a doctor for like two minutes who was rude and then I never saw him again. I had a lady come in and mop my room while the nurse was putting in an IV in my arm!!! Uhhh, hello, do you think could have maybe come back a little later?I had another nurse who was there to take my blood pressure info just leave the machine on and it beeped for the next 15 mins until finally in all my pain (I later found out I had a kidney stone) I got up and asked someone to turn it off. My nurse wouldn't give me any information about what the tests I was getting were for. The room was 71 degrees and I had to ask 3 different people for a warm blanket even AFTER my boyfriend called the nurses station from work to get them to bring me one. The place seemed dirty and unsanitary, I mean I guess it was due to all the construction they had to wheel me through but even that was ridiculous. Oh yeah I almost forgot to mention the left over sticky things, the ones that they use to connect your heart to machines, in my gown that I noticed. I was never hooked to a heart machine... That means they were who ever had the gown on before I did. That's gross!.Then I had to deal with all the payment info and not one person I talked to yet has been helpful. They all seem to be "busy" and rude and they act like I'm bugging them for calling the 800 number to get my payments squared away. Ugh! Now, I have to deal with the billing folks again. Why, you ask? Oh because they decided not to send me my last bill and even after talking to mulitple people asking them to send me a bill to my new address and them agreeing to. I guess it was just easier to put my bill into collections. Thanks JCL! You guys are swell folks. So today I call in asking to see if we can get this fixed. That I WANT to pay my bill. That I had no intention of not paying it. That there was no reason for it to go into collections. Pat (the lady I spoke to) was no help, so I asked to talk to a supervisor or manager. She put me on hold for about 8 mins and then some how the phone call got disconnected (nice). So I called back, she didn't answer so I left a message. That was at 8am it's now 6pm and no phone call back. Geez that's great customer service.If you have to go then go but if you can hold out for a better hospital then I recommend the extra driving in the end it will be less of a headache.
5	This review is for the E.R.  When it comes to emergency rooms, I generally don't expect too much.  They are often chaotic and the wait times can be incredible.  I came to the E.R. with a serious sinus infection, after my treatment at a local urgent care facility was not working.  I expected to be seen last, because of my lack of medical urgency.  To my surprise, I was seen by the triage nurse in only a few minutes and then admitted within an hour.  The doctors and nurses were extremely nice and answered all of my concerns and questions; I felt like an active party in my care, and it put me at ease.    Oh yea, I've never been in an ER with private rooms with televisions; I thought it was kind of cool, and it made the downtime between tests and results fly by.
5	I was recently at John C. Lincoln Deer Valley Hospital for congestive heart failure and I give so many applauds to this hospital.  I have been in there several times before and they just get better and better.  Everything pleases me about this hospital.  They try to make it a good experience. From the doctors and nurses to the cooks and the maintenance people, they are there for you and care so much.  Thank you JCLDV for everything.
4	My date can't get enough of my cooking skills, so I agreed to make him dinner at my place one night. I had everything set up very nicely, and the food was shaping up to be superb. I was planning on a spinach salad, shrimp marinara, and coffee cake for dessert. All of my dishes were coming out seamlessly until I pulled out a crystal platter to add ambiance to the coffee cake. The platter shattered in my hands just as the doorbell rang. I looked at the crystal on the floor and the blood gushing out of my hands, and I went to answer the door. "I had an accident" was the first thing out of my mouth. After my date cleaned up the blood trail, he took me to the emergency room at John C. Lincoln. Even though it was a Saturday night I got right in to see a doctor. The staff was so attentive, and the PA discussed all of my options for anesthesia and sutures. I was in and out two hours and four stitches later. And thanks to the awesome staff the pain was never too much to handle!
2	I was really irritated with this place.  I called up prior to heading over for a problem with my wife to check on ER wait times.  The woman on the phone was extermely rude.  She told me she could not give me that kind of information.  When I followed up with 'Is there alot of people waiting?' I received the same answer, just with more attitude.  I followed up with an additional question about insurance.  After being transfered to admissions or billing (?), someone who should know, asking the question again, a non-answer was for some reason rudely given. "We bill all insurances".  OK, thats great, are you an in-network provider for my insurance?  "I can't answer that question!" ...CLICK!  She hung up on me!I would give it less stars, but I really don't know how the medical staff actually is.  Support staff needs wrk!
1	My husbands back went out, so bad to the point he couldn't  stand on his own and would cry trying to sit up. He had gone to a chiropractor yesterday and they said he needed an MRI to confirm the severity.unfortunately he could physically get to a radiologist in time.   I decide to  take my husband to the ER because he coolant even go potty with out my help, I was really worried about him. From the moment i walked in , I asked the ER administrator for assistance getting my husband out of the car and I get this crazy nurse who is yelling at me that she is busy and doesn't have time. I felt like she was telling me to o away. So I asked if there was another hospital close by. Immediately they get two staff members to help.After being checked in and a nurse practitioner starts ridiculing my husband for coming to an emergency room for back pain and requesting an MRI. Every question my husband answered came with a sneer response back from the nurse. Finally I was livid at that point and asked his boss the RN, if we are wasting their time being here. I called another hospital that knew about the situation and welcomed us. Every person we encountered was just miserable and it showed well. Never again. I will give my business with arrowhead health from here on out.
5	We ended up in JCL's ER on Christmas Eve night, 2000 miles away from home. Everyone from the front desk to the doctor couldn't have been kinder. They took wonderful care of my wife, apologized for the chilly weather - we kept assuring them that it was 25 degrees colder in Detroit - and made sure that we were out of the hospital before midnight.I'm sure the employees couldn't have been all that excited about working on Christmas Eve, but they were all incredibly kind. We only wish we could have thanked everyone personally.
5	I ended up here a few weeks ago in the ER for a migraine that made me go blind in my right eye and my stomach sick with nausea. I have to say that I have not been to a hospital in YEARS that made me a priority or took care of me so quickly and sympathetically. The staff, especially my nurse, Ellen?, took such good care of me. The CT scan techs were professional and caring. My doctor, Dr. Sworen, was very thorough and listened to me. The facilities were clean and everyone simply amazing. My bill ended up to the tune of $6000.00, but you cant put a price on good care, great bedside manner, and piece of mind that I was in good medical hands! Thank you John C Lincoln hospital. You calmed me, treated me, and made me very grateful for your services.
1	Some of the rudest, uncaring most unprofessional people i have ever seen in my life. I can't believe they call themselves professionals. My husband has severe stomach pains every day, and this hospital is the closest from our home so we usually come here. That, and they know him well from being there so often. He actually had a nurse (brandi) tell him "why are you moving around so much, it can't hurt that bad" Can you believe that! And "no one can die from pain" WHAT! They won't admit him because according to their standard ER tests he's in perfect health. They honestly think of him as someone who's only there to get his "fix". I hear then laughing, socializing, and planning their weekends in the hallways. Meanwhile, my husband is laying there dying and screaming in pain. I wish i could give them a negative rating. DON'T COME HERE, GO ANYWHERE ELSE!On the other hand, if you have a sick child, Mendys place is amazing!
4	Had to take my son to mendy's place for some breathing problems. The doctor was okay but the nurses and respiratory therapists were fantastic!
5	Went into ER with abdominal pain left there five days later after unexpected surgery. Every person I encountered were kind and helpful and professional. The exceptional care helped make my unexpected stay more pleasant than I thought a hospital stay could be. Thank you to all the staff that treated me.
5	I went to the emergency room at JCL with severe lower back pain and had a great experience! Everyone was very attentive and really listened! They took me directly to a private room and I got into a gown and laid down. The doctor came in and took time to talk to me and examined me. Gave me three choices. I had a CT scan to take away my worries. I decided to get a muscle relaxant and give it a few days...good decision. I went in at 5:30 am Sat morning and only spent a few hours at the hospital. Super nice people and environment!
5	We took my 86 year old mother to the JCL ER yesterday because she was severely disoriented and congested.  She had fallen earlier in the day and we were worried she may have had a minor stroke.  The admission process was prompt and the wait was not bad.  The nurses and staff were teriffic.  I especially want to mention Dr. Stockton who was one of the most knowledgeable, caring professionals that I have ever met.  He took the time to make my Mom feel comfortable and explained everything that could be happening with her medical condition.  It was obvious the hospital was very busy with the flu outbreak but that did not negatively impact the quality of care that was provided to my mom.  BTW, she was OK and was released.
5	I have had two experiences with the ER at JCL, one to take a good friend in because it turned out he had internal bleeding a week after surgery from another hospital, and more recently because my wife had high fever and nausea that was the result, we discovered, of pneumonia.It also happened to be this past Valentine's day when the second happened.Both times, the staff did not screw around. We were in a room and under care almost immediately. The nurse and staff was extremely attentive, ran all of the appropriate tests and made an accurate diagnosis that yielded immediate results; all of which without a single error or any interaction that I could possibly complain about.I have a great deal of respect for the medical staff that has helped my loved ones at John C Lincoln and I can confidently recommend their Emergency Room to anyone in need of one.(Thank you, Karen!)
3	Great Staff!Good Care.Dirty facility and slow attention.
1	Emergency room....BAD experience twice in 3 yrs...both times i was totally ignored in an empty ER...the first time I was ignored in the waiting room for over 8hrs, i left and was not billed...the recent i was ignored for over 3 hrs...charged for seeing a "Doctor" that i never saw...sat in a room...was brought NOTHING for my pain...i admit i had one nurse stick her head in the door and tell me she was sorry i had to wait so long, she drew blood then left, i never saw her again...then i sat again...finally got up, got dressed, flagged down someone in the hallway to let them know i was leaving, and then was presented with a bill that was outrageous for the service performed(or lack of)wouldn't go there if my life depended on it
5	In phoenix on a business trip I woke up at 1am with stabbing abdominal pain. I came in to the ER and was seen immediately. RN Beverly G was friendly, knowledgeable, and sociable and really helped me feel at ease... which isn't the easiest thing at 4am while exhausted, in awful pain, and pantsless.Everyone I felt with was professional with a good sense of humor, and made the several hour stay go by quickly. They never left me alone longer than 30 minutes at the longest and kept me updated on my situation and test results constantly.I only wish they were near home, because it was a far better experience than any I've found in Denver!
1	I was having chest pains and not feeling well at all and had my husband drive me to the hospital on 7/28/13.  I provided my insurance information and waited in the waiting area.  Two men came out and gave me an EKG right there and told me my heart was normal and I could wait.  After about 40 minutes I was taken to a room.  My nurse was fantastic.  She kept me informed.  The doctor sucked!  He was confused and seemed to be walking in circles.  The nurse had taken blood, then gave me 4 asprin and then they were going to take my blood again in 2 hours.  During this time the doctor popped in and said "you ready to go".  The nurse said, no we're waiting 2 hours for more blood.  After laying there for 5 hours, the doctor came in and said they found nothing and follow up with my physician.  I wasn't happy and I was still feeling terrible.  Then imagine my surprise when I received a bill from the doctor for $1557 because he was out of network and my insurance didn't cover it.  I was pissed!  I called the hospital and ripped them.  They claim that I signed a document that disclosed this information.  I explained I had been to this hospital at least 4 times over the 12 year period I've lived in the neighborhood.  The rep told me I should have asked if the doctor was a contractor and asked for a different doctor.  I won't be paying this doctor.  And I'm filing a complaint with my insurance company against this medical group for false advertising.
4	The people in there were just great to us. In particular the RN in the cardiac unit that helped me (Morgan) was so cheerful and helpful he really took the edge off of being there. The only reason I gave 4 stars is because of the facility. Yes an older facility will be a bit worn but things that are fixable should be. The hinges on my bathroom door screamed at all hours of the night (and others did as well) and the water faucet shook the whole room when turned on due to air in the lines. Both of these could be remedied with a maintenance person in there for less then 30 minutes.All in all though both my wife and I have been admitted to John C. Lincoln and we trust them to take good care of us when needed.
4	Been here 3x, twice for myself and once for my daughter.  Place is clean, staff is friendly and efficient I have zero complaints and would definitely come back if another situation came up.
1	Waiting in ER for over 2 hours with a son that has a severe migraine.  Watching people being brought back to see a doctor who have just walked in. When we questioned why we have not been seen yet,  was advised that those people were sicker than my son. The people that were brought back looked perfectly fine, none were in pain or looked injured. My opinion is the type of insurance they have, depends on the type of care you get here. People are leaving before being seen because people who came after are being seen before them.  This is pathetic way of treating people. The only reason we are here is because my son's doctor told him to come if his headache got worse.   So just remember if you get sick and can't get into your doctor till the next day. DONT come here,  you have a better chance waiting for your doctor.  You could drop dead in the waiting room.
1	Very disappointed in the customer service with this hospital!!  Please make sure you check your bill before paying it!  They charged me $201 for an IV which I didn't get.  I spent countless hours telling customer service that I didn't receive any needles in my arm.  Then she told me that an audit was run on my account and that my last medication was indeed an injection!!  Again, I told them I didn't receive any needles in my arm and that all medication was given orally.  After several weeks with countless emails and phone conversations the director finally spoke with the nurse who admitted to making an error.  I wish all of this could have been resolved from day 1.
