4	DO IT!I love museums.  I usually go to them alone so I can really read and contemplate whatever exhibit is being represented.  I have a special place in my heart for Science Museums, mainly because I sucked at science in highschool but always looked forward to the day when the teacher did demonstrations (they were usually things that were too dangerous for the kids to perform but showed some important science principle).  Going to a Science Museum is like having back to back cool science experiments where you get to do things and you are not being graded.Yes, it is in the touriste section (I usually avoid these areas since they most often have the least amout of authenticity) but you just can't go to Montreal (especially if it is your first time) without going into the Old Section - but its on the water AND close to Cirque du Soleil so this is where the fun is.To preface, we came here specifically for the Indiana Jones Archeological exhibit which was the coolest thing ever.  After reading Kathleen H's review, I can't wait to go back there.  This is by far one of the more interactive Science Museums and not just for kids (most of them seemed to be skewed that way).Now let's talk about Indy!Cost was about $23 (special exhibition).  Exhibit is only there until Sept. 18, 2011 and then it goes on an International tour. Although this is colaboration between Lucasfilms, National Geographic, the Penn Museum in Pennsylvania so far this exhibit is not expected to tour the United States (thus widening the gap in US education versus the rest of the world, sigh, but I digress).  You will receive a video box (included in the admission) that you will use to provide you with additional videos,  information, historic contact and fun facts about various items in the exhibit.  All Indiana Jones movies are well represented, but the most interesting thing is how they are related to real archeological sites.  You will see the fact versus fiction for each site (movie vs. realitiy) and then you get to also see actual items that were discovered at various digs (plus extensive information about some famous archeologists and how they were able to understand what they have found in the context of the environment it is in.  You also can engage in a treasure hunt (using the video box) which is great fun, although I do think that some foks might have been annoyed while they were reading or listening to information whilst others were moving about the rooms eagerly looking for clues.Beautiful cosutmes, cool set pieces and easily identifiable props intermingled with real artifacts, and movie clips.  Kids loved it, Adults loved it, NO ONE LOOKED BORED (you know what I am talking about - usually one person really wants to be in the museum and everyone else is just anxious to get out and do something else...)This exhibit and the museum itself are both highly recommended.
4	I don't give a crap how old I get, going to science/technology museums with interactive exhibits is always a blast.got to make a short video about the space program being a hoax, then submitted it to the museum. international trolling, yes.some hands-on exhibits about electricity, physics, magnetism, mechanics, and such. see what you look like in 50 years, pull yourself up with a system of pulleys, direct the electrical needs of a city, and so onplayed a game about ecological and social issues where you have to try to progress and extend the life of the planet Earth. Keith and I opted for our usual M.O. of being cruel businessmen, so we were able to throw things back as far as 2001, possibly a new low. keep trollin' trollin' trollin'...we all had a blast. everything is well-maintained and very new-looking. I think there were one or two busted exhibits, but overall everything was in good shape.lots of children running around, but this place is huge, so you do get a chance to play with every exhibit. or should I say, "learn".if you're an AAA member, you save a few bucks (I think it comes to about 11 bucks after). I was glad to do so. my AA membership, however, yielded no further rewards.
3	Science and Technology museums are amazing places. They give you the same feeling that Disney World gives, the feeling of absolute amazement. And the Centre des Sciences de Montreal is the perfect example of that. The museum is full of interactive exhibits. Both for the kid and the adult. Though it does appear their main demographic is the age group full of wonder (e.g. Kids). But that does mean adults can not enjoy it. And there s a sweet pedulum ride for those under 250lbs. Plus when I went there were dinosaurs. Who does not like dinosaurs?!  But there are some cons to this place. The first has to be the price. While it is definitely worth paying for. It is not worth 13 bucks. The exhibits are nice. But not that nice. It appears that they want to watch the IMAX movies. Which is nice. But I don't want to spend my whole day in the museum. When it is located in the Old Town. Which is just fun to walk around. But even with all those perks and problems. It is still worth a visit.
3	It's becoming an unofficial tradition of mine that I must visit at least once dinosaur exhibit in every city I visit.  And I didn't find any 'true' dinosaur exhibits at any history museum, so we were off to the Montreal Science Centre.  Sorry Montreal - as much as I enjoyed my time with you, you're not a real city until you get some legit fossils.We had a AAA membership - so it came to about ~$12/person after discount for general admission (no special exhibits/movies).  I would recommend pre-buying tickets online to skip the ticketing lineup.  I think coat check was like $2/jacket.Okay - it's more of a kid's science centre than an actual science/history museum - but these are damned fun regardless.  I particularly enjoyed the cybernetic implants, display, reaction timer and the parabolic sound amplifier.  And my friend got to jump on the counterbalanced pendulum ride.  Lots of exhibits good for kids of all ages.The dinosaur display was small but pretty fun and educational.  There's a small fake paleontology dig display so I got to temporarily fantasize about the possibilities if I followed my true childhood dream.  With all the younglings running around in their pure, unfiltered joy and wonder, I was tempted to grab one by the cheeks and say slowly and intently "Stay here... stay as long as you can... CHERISH IT!" a la Billy Madison.The dinosaur exhibit was full of animatronic dinosaurs - many represented with the current theory of feathered dinosaurs.  Of course, there's 'mainstream' dinosaurs are well-represented (i.e. T-Rex, velociraptors, etc.) - but holy shit, they had an animatronic Allosaurus... ALLOSAURUS!  My favourite dinosaur of all time.  It's like the T-Rex... but smaller, faster, functional foreclaws, more badass, more obscure, more alt and captures the heart of dinosaur hipsters like me.  [Watch 'The Ballad of Big Al' from the 'Walking With Dinosaurs' series if you don't know what I'm on about.]The biggest tease though was that they have posters up for their upcoming Star Wars exhibit.  If I got my Stars Wars fix and dinosaur fix at one place - I would have nerdgasmed.Overall, I think general admission was worth it as long as you have have a base appreciation of science and technology.  I mean, I'm sure I'm not the only dude that wakes up on an airplane everynow and then and thinks, "Wow - I was sleeping in a CHAIR... IN THE SKY... under JET PROPULSION... THE MIRACLE OF HUMAN FLIGHT!  WHAT IS THIS SORCERY?!?!"  And then spend the rest of the flight fighting the urge to run down the aisle, extolling the wonders of human progress.  Luddites need not apply - go live in a cave in fear of the sun.
4	I came here on my recent trip to Montreal to catch the Star Wars: Identities exhibit and managed a quick look around at the rest of the permanent exhibits while i was there. I actually haven't been to a science centre since i was a wee child, so i wasn't really sure what to expect. Obviously the Star Wars exhibit was OMIGOD SO GODDAMN AWESOME YOU HAVE TO GO CHECK IT OUT but i'd say the rest of the centre was worth going to as well!As an adult, i think i'd only come back if there was a big touring show like the Star Wars one to check out, but if you're with a kid the rest of the centre has some great stuff to kill some time with! It was early in the morning when i went, and my friend and i were a bit too bleary eyed to marvel at things like motion sensor touch-screen technology throughout the brain exhibit, but it WAS pretty neat! It felt totally Star Trek.I could see this being a really fun place to go on a date if you and your partner were slightly drunk. Not drunk enough to scare children and be really obviously rambunctious, but just drunk enough to get child-like amusement from huge interactive games and elementary school nostalgia! And can you imagine how incredible astronaut iced cream would taste when drunk?! I know, right?
4	My daughter loves to go here! They have great exhibits and it's a great place for kids
5	The Star Wars Identities exhibit was fantastic.  I highly recommend if you are spending time in Montreal to check it out.  Just make sure that you book your tickets in advance since this exhibit is very popular and was sold out the day that we went.  The ticket for Star Wars also includes the other exhibits that are being held at the Science center so it is definitely worth the price of admission.  You will probably spend an hour to an hour and a half with the Star Wars exhibit.  Don't feel rushed while going through the exhibit and admire all the awesome artificats (including original drawings of the Star Wars movies and characters).  I think I took over a hundred photos, so make sure taht you bring 32gig SD card to take as many pictures as you can.  Highly recommend!Cheers!
4	5 stars for the Star Wars exhibit, 3 stars for the rest of the science center. I came here in June specifically for the Star Wars exhibit, but since admission includes access to the rest of the science center, I checked out the other stuff as well. Admission to the exhibit was C$23 for an adult. My friend and I bought tickets in person since we didn't have access to a printer where we were staying. It was the middle of the day on a Thursday so for the weekend you might need to buy tickets online in advanced. The next available show time wasn't for an hour so we explored the other exhibits. They were OK. Some were interesting but I think younger children or teenagers might find it more entertaining/enlightening. These exhibits would make for a great learning experience for a school field trip. The Star Wars exhibit: Each person is given an electronic wrist band and a little portable audio device with a headphone. When you step into certain areas of the exhibit that are demarcated by lines on the ground, special audio will start playing in your ear describing whatever it is you are watching or seeing in front of you. The wrist bands represent you and the type of person you want to be. At the beginning you can choose which species you want to be. I don't remember all the options since I was just a human. As you go through the exhibit, using your wrist band you basically develop a character by choosing the type of personality, traits, values, hometown, occupation, etc. that you want for your character. At the end you can choose whether or not to join the Dark Side. There are also statues/figurines of characters, spaceships, etc, from the movies that you can read about and take pictures of, as well as factoids and early sketches about George Lucas creating the different characters and such. If you are a Star Wars fan I highly recommend seeing this exhibit. Otherwise I would only recommend this science center for families with younger children.
4	Only came here for the Star Wars exhibition. Located near the Old port, Centre des Sciences de Montreal hosted the Star Wars exhibition for the past few months. It was a very cool experience, they hand out electronic bracelet that allow people to interact with different stations and build star wars characters specific to own personality. The models and concept arts of the original film is amazingly detailed and a wonderful treat for Star Wars fans. When we went, it was crowded so the entry for our time slot was delayed - though expected since Star Wars is one of the most popular science fiction franchises of all time. All in all, a fantastic experience!
1	A complete waste of time for adults.  There was nothing to see or do here unless you have kids.  The place is huge with poor signage.  A total waste of money.  Go to the Biosphere instead.
1	Really disappointing. Fairly basic science exhibits primarily targeting to little children (more emphasis on LITTLE kids). I've been to the one in Boston and this Science Center was unfortunately not up to par. I prefer strolling along the harbor rather than wasting my time here.
3	I went on Montreal Museum Day, so I didn't pay to get in. Can't speak about value because I don't know how much it would have been. That being said, the exhibits were okay. Nothing mindblowing. We spent our time in Science 26 and Clic (was with my 3 year old) and it was all interesting, but I likely won't remember much of it tomorrow. Others here have compared this Science Center to Boston's, and I have to agree. This one doesn't hold a candle. We have some lessons to learn. Still, all of the kids I saw were enjoying themselves, and it's worth a visit, if you feel the price is reasonable.
2	I went with my two teenage daughters and it cost $41 to get in since we didn't want to see IMAX nor go to the temporary exhibit about prehistoric caves.  We first went to idtv which was sort of interesting in that we were supposed to create a documentary about an issue that is important to us.  My girls were not interested in working on this since it was too much like a school project.  The interactive area was the most fun but nothing we haven't seen before at other science museums and some displays weren't working while others had no instructions making them useless.  The last area we went to was Mission Gaia which had us determine how to react to disasters.Nothing new here and not worth the money...no one ever looked at our tickets after we paid.
4	I'm a Fan,
2	Interactive science is the best science.  I loved this place as a kid and went by when killing time in the old port with my grandmother. I hadn't realized that almost all of the exhibit was geared towards children of a young age. The exhibits were still as interactive as I recall, there just wasn't anything all that interesting for those beyond the age of 10. We still fooled around and had fun with it but it was certainly disappointing. The staff were nice and friendly, the location was clean, the 2 stars is just because they really haven't branched out.
