5	No elaborate sets and fancy costumes, no extravagant production numbers, no showgirls in spangles and beads - just a man and his voice, a backup band, and a handful of props comprise one of the most popular acts on the Strip. Danny Gans captivates his sell-out crowds at the Mirage with mostly dead-on impressions of some eighty different personalities, ranging from singers like Sinatra, Springsteen, and even Macy Gay to film stars like Katharine Hepburn, Tom Hanks, and Clint Eastwood to comics like George Burns and Paul Lynde. His routine varies from night to night, depending on his mood and audience reaction, so you could go twice and see two very different performances. Some of his patter is insipid, and more than a few jokes fall flat, but when he's doing what he does best, a la Rich Little and the late Frank Gorshin, Gans is as much of a star as those he impersonates.
4	When doing some research on what The Danny Gans show was all about, it was pretty hard to put your finger right on it.  When it comes down to it, Danny Gans does impersonations.  He'll sing, talk, and take on the likeness of your favorite stars from the past to the present.With the majority of the audience being a tad older (my parents' generation), there's a reason it appeals to that group.  Danny Gans pulls from artists, actors, and musicians from that era.  But trying to stay current and hip, he'll throw in some of today's hottest stars.  He's funny and entertaining, and he'll have the audience laughing.  No matter what your age group is, you're bound to recognize at least one of his songs and tap your foot along to the beat.Of course, you'll really love this two hour show if you know all his stuff, but I don't know if there was one person there who knew all the acts.  He'll even do some ad-libbing if given the chance, so you just have to roll with punches.  He relies on the feedback from his audience to direct which way the show will go, so as long as you have a good audience, the show will be good too.Given the chance, I think I'd take my parents to this show.  Not sure if I'd bring my peers to it though.  I don't think they would appreciate it that much.Tickets are $100 per person, and all the seats are pretty much the same.  It's a clear view to the stage with no real bad seats.
2	there is no doubt - he is an awesome impersonator.But i was not born in the US and did not grow up in the US so I did not recognize 80% of his repertoire. Most of the crowd were the older crowd and they all looked like they had a blast.Also, for $110 a ticket it is GROSSLY overpriced. If I'm paying $99 for cirque du soleil's O, i should be paying around $70 for his show.
3	I'd say, after a few cocktails, that Danny Gans was pretty good.  Not great.  He is definitely an old school Vegas show.  But not quite as cheesy.  Tons of musical impersonations, jokes, fun skits.  He is dead on Johnny Carson, Earth Wind and Fire, Frank Sinatra.  Needs to work on John Mayer and Michael Jackson.  A few of his bits were dated.  Loved Kermit...very cute.  And I have to say that since the tickets were free, I really can't complain, now can I?  It's fun.....I bet this would be a really fun show to take your parents to.
3	Thank god I didn't pay for these tix cuz we ended up leaving after an hour!    Joanna S's review would pretty much fit my wife's opinion of Danny except she knew less than 1% of the people he was impersonating.  Prince was the only one.  Anyways..she totally hated it.  Don't bring anyone who wasn't born in the US here and/or under the age of 25..maybe 30..cuz they won't get who he's impersonating.  Its totally for an older crowd.  Everyone was doing the YMCA before Danny got on stage for chrissakes.  I didn't mind the show but it wasn't the best thing I had ever seen.
2	There is no question that this man is extremely talented and that his impressions are very good. However, the show was extremely cheesy and I got sick of his fake smile very fast. He puts on a sincere and genuine act that is very easy to see through.Before the show starts, a photographer runs around taking photos of your group so that she can sell them to you after the show. You won't enjoy this show if you are unfamiliar with American music ranging from the 40s to the 70s and you probably won't enjoy this show if you don't like doing the YMCA dance.
1	I feel that I have a fairly extensive vocabulary, but I am truly struggling to find a word to express the level of horrible that this show was. My tickets were free, but I feel as though I should be compensated for my time. He does a song by Bill Clinton about Monica Lewinski. Does that give you an idea of how dated and stale this material is? He does 20 minutes of Jeff Foxworthy jokes. He launches into Larry the Cable guy and half the audience was howling, "Git er Done." Most of his impersonations sounded like bad Karaoke. I'm 30 and had no idea who half the people were. Most of the jokes were pain inducing puns. The rest of the show was a constant barrage of gay jokes. He also launched into a long bit about how he was praying to god how he could spend more time with his family and after him and his wife prayed and prayed, he got the Vegas gig. Then he launched into his own power ballad. Lots of people give tickets away to this, I would question is it's even worth free. You'd have more fun watching the displays on one of the slot machines and getting free drinks. I feel a little stupider for having seen this.
3	It really depends on what you want out of the show.Get your ass rocked off? No. Why would you come to this type of show?To simply be entertained? Get a sense of variety in a show?THAT you will get. And how.It is what I guess would be described as "a Vegas Show".The musicians were Top Shelf. Props to the band!The Audience / Crowd? "Are there any Rednecks here tonight?" and the place went nuts..........You get the picture.Talented dude no doubt.$100 a ticket. YOW!!Glad there are ways around that as a "local".And at 1-1/2 hours the show was REALLY getting close to too long.okay been there done that...whats next?
3	This show was fun there where a lot of jokes and music geared to the older crowd, otherwise I might have swung 4 stars. But he is really talented and it made for a fun night out with my girl friend. Certain parts of the show are really funny. I wish he would have done more with Elvis- this is Vegas!!!  :DVery entertaining over-all.
5	I was a little hesitant to see Danny based on earlier reviews, but boy am I glad I did.  Our twenty-something year old concierge said the show was very funny - That was an understatement.  The show was fantastic and Danny was hilarious with a capital "H".  Having been to Vegas twice this year and seeing "O",Le Rev, Cher, Ka, and many others I can tell you Danny was by far the most entertaining overall.  Warning: Do not drink during the performance least the beverage escape from one's nose.  Danny's singing and acting skills are superb.  Thanks for a GREAT night Mr. Gans.
