3	I have been here several times for medical reasons and always been greeted so cheerfully by the receptionist....I give her a 4 star customer service award!What bothered me was the technician that did my mammogram.  She asked if I drank coffee or soda?  I said to her, no, I drink tea.She proceeded to tell me how tea has the same caffeine as coffee and how it has the same affects; etc.  All the while I am looking at her thinking, she asked me if I drank coffee or soda....not tea.  She doesn't even know what kind of tea I drank.  Why is she lecturing me... weird....She bugged me....so..to her I give her a 2 star.
5	Very friendly and professional
4	Very friendly, professional and timely service. I was told I'd be seen at 9 o'clock and they whisked me back to the MRI tube at precisely 9. My technician was very friendly and helpful.
4	Went in for a chest X-ray and I think I only waited about 15-20 mins tops. But I did go in around 8 am. Place looked nice and clean and the overall experience was pretty good. I went in thinking I was going to be there for hours since X-rays are only walk ins and no appts.
1	Today, Nov. 25, 2013, is not quite good. Staff is not well trained doing or preparing paper works. She needs more training I hope. Before you call the patient, please double check your paper works. It's tiring to wait and we were exhausted. My husband was very tired. He did not eat all night and day. It is very disappointing today.
3	The admissions  can be nice and efficient. Got to catch them on a good day. The techs are all nice and accommodating. And we hope the docs are well trained.
4	I got sent here for some X - Rays. Its kind of hard to find. You have to head to the very rear of the parking lot and it's located by the PT's bar in the back. Staff was very friendly and there is a TV in the waiting room. They take walk in's so no appointment was needed. But at around 10pm when I got there the place was packed. I waited around 30 min before they called my name. But once I was called the process went quick. I liked that they have locations in most major areas around the valley. Plus for one close to where I live.
4	I had to go back for a 2nd Mammogram.  I was told to request Ginger.  I did when making the appt on the phone and was told I couldn't request.  The gal said Ginger works at that location but no guarantees.  HOWEVER... I DID get Ginger as my tech and she was GREAT!!!  This time was more pleasant (& this is not a "pleasant" procedure)  than the first (which was NOT pleasant at all!!) .   I want to thank Ginger for her great care and making me feel at ease.  THANKS  SO VERY MUCH!!
3	First of all, Mitchell and Dr. Chen in X-Ray were wonderful.  Mitchell was pleasant and didn't get annoyed by my myriad of questions.  Dr. Chen handled the injections very well, and did a great job at keeping me talking and distracted so that I didn't freak out too much.  The technicians who did the actual MRI were good until the end - I wasn't sure if I needed to check out with the front desk or where to go and the girl who did my MRI basically shoed me out of the room without even showing me where I could change out of the hospital gown back into my clothes.  I left feeling rather disoriented.  Also, the injections are pretty painful and have left me pretty sore - since I can't take aspirin or ibuprofin (because of the dye injected or something?) I thought I'd get a scrip for some aspirin-free painkillers for the next day or two.  Nothing.  Nada.  I was pretty miserable last night, needless to say.  I was also a little annoyed by the cost - I have insurance and was told the procedure was covered.  I still had to pay $475 bucks for the procedure.  Strange, as that's pretty close to what I would pay if I was just doing cash out of pocket.  Hmmm...It wasn't a horrid experience (Dr. Chen and Mitchell saved it from being that), but it could have been a lot better.
4	I received a call today from Stacey and she was awesome.  She explained about the billing and also said she'd make sure the discharge service would be better in the future.  It's great when someone takes the time to follow up on a review.
3	My first experience here was great. They were quick got me in and out. My second trip not so much. After waiting in the waiting room for a while. The front desk called me up to tell me that there is an hour and a half delay.  I worked my schedule around just to do this and they couldn't have the respect for other peoples time that they could call me up and tell me there's a delay and ask to reschedule. Pretty bush league and I would not go back if my insurance carrier accepted any other place
1	I am completely frustrated with this place. I took my 1 year old here to get a chest X ray (he has asthma). We waited for about 45 min. Facility is very nice. After his xray the tech gave us his xrays to take home to give to his dr. We get to his lung specialist and give the Dr the photos. He looks at it for 5 seconds and is it complete shock. He asked me and my husband "is this really what they gave you?" "Did they even look at the photos?" He then brought a demo xray and put it side by side with my sons. They did such a terrible job!!! It was completely blurry. Dr said my son must have moved during the xray. You couldn't even see a heart that's how bad it was! So now we are back here waiting another 45 Min to take a new xray. If they just did it right the 1st time then I wouldn't be wasting my time today doing another xray! Save your precious time and go somewhere else.
