2	For the most part,  Steele Creek Animal Hospital has been fine, although pricier than any other vet I've been to. However, after a couple of bad experiences, I won't be going back. My dog was forgotten about once while there - I dropped him off for shots and made arrangments to pick him up at noon. When I called to confirm he was ready, they didn't know who my dog was, what he was  - there for and of course, he wasn't ready for pick up. And then a shot was forgotten - so I had to take him back at a different time. Most recently, while having his annual check up, I informed them that he had a bout of diarrhea and wasn't drinking water - I was told that "it's hard to tell what he might have picked up while you were out walking" and "he'll drink water when he's ready." The dog hasn't had water in more than 24 hours and is not acting like himself, very lethargic. I don't feel like my concerns were adequately addressed. Furthermore, during the exam, my dog yelped twice - once during the most agressive rectal exam I've ever seen and once when his hip was pushed on hard enough to make me scream. I'm not a happy customer and my dog is still acting sick - so I just paid almost $300 to find out nothing. Not worth it - take your pets to a vet that's in it for the animals and not just the money.
5	I recently switched to this veterinary practice from another I had been going to for many years. The reason I switched was because the previous practice was very disorganized in the communication between the "front office" and the medical staff, and as my dog has aged  and his need's increased, I grew increasingly uncomfortable with the potential for error that such poor communication might result in.I knew when I first took my little guy to SCAH that I was going to have to incur a huge expense before I could reach the ultimate goal of having his teeth cleaned -- he's an older dog, has a heart murmur, and has extreme gum disease  which is typical for his breed.  Another reviewer here left a very bad review of SCAH, putting the blame on the practice because she couldn't afford health care for her dog(s).  The reviewer  should NOT have left a poor review of the practice because of her own poor financial management.  I am speaking from first-hand multi-visit experience when I write that the care from this practice is exemplary on all levels--front office, assistants, and especially Dr. Young. They are a veterinary practice, not a welfare office. As we've been running various tests to determine whether my guy's heart is strong enough to undergo the much-needed dental work, Dr. Young has made herself available at all hours of the day or night - yes, she gave me her cell number and she's called me as late as 10:00 in the evening to discuss test results. THAT, is a thorough and caring vet.  Like the other reviewer, I'm not a wealthy woman, and I will probably be using CareCredit to pay for my guy's dental bill when I pick him up later this afternoon (as I have for the tests done to-date), but that's my problem, not SCAH's. I can tell you unequivocally that you will not find a better practice than that of Dr. Young.
