5	The sister line of Jcrew that started a year ago and has been in Vegas for only about four months now. It's not everywhere more like you can't find it anywhere. Thus it is awesome.The place is very casual for people who have some money since some of the stuff does have Jcrew like prices but not everything. Lots of basics, sweaters, outwear, and a designer jeans area that won't send you home crying with their exorbitant prices. The basics aren't plain basics either. They put their own touch to things. They just sell clothes that you can own for a long time and so they aren't really hung up with trendy clothes. But it's not to say that they don't have one of a kind pieces that you must have. The quality of their fabrics and stitching show you that you are getting your moneys worth. And they do have accessories scattered around the place. They even have really cute, I mean so freaken cute, necklaces which rang around $250 but only because it was real gold.And I just loved how they had Tide-to-go in a bowl near some clothes that explained why you needed to have it with you at all times. It was a nice touch to the store. Plus the girls that were working there were so helpful and knew what they were selling.Because I'm a yelper I'll let you in on a secret. Ask the people who work there about their jean special. I won't say anything else. Just do it.This is my new favorite store.
5	I saw some of their clothes in a magazine and was interested in finding out more about it. But I was too lazy to look it up online or anything so I just kept the name in my head and forgot about it for a while.However, coincidentally, I saw a store at the Fashion Show mall and decided to step in.Thank god i did because they were having an additional 25% off of sale items and I was able to get a cheap pair of sunny yellow shorts and a cute quarter sleeve top.If only my mom didn't complain about my brother being alone in the hotel room, i would have bought the whole store.Matter of fact, I am going to call this store to see if they can ship things directly from the store to my house tomorrow afternoon.Their stuff is great and I hope to see it around Northern California some more!!
4	Madewell is one of my new favorite stores!  I stumbled upon this place with a friend and I absolutely love this place.  All the girls are super helpful and super nice and everything about this store is really cute.  It's best described as a fusion of J Crew and American Apparel.  They have lots of essential, every day pieces and not to mention, if you show your college I.D., you get a 15% student discount!
4	i live in san francisco, and the only two madewell stores i've been to are the century city location and the las vegas location. i first discovered the las vegas location over a year ago, and whenever i go to vegas (which is still often) madewell is a definite stop on my list of things to do (last time i even sat outside and waited till the store opened). i love the patterns and styles of clothing they have, especially the scarves!. definitely some styles you cant find anywhere else. andddd they carry my favorite vnecks and boyfriend cardigans. the jeans arent exactly my type of fit, but there has been so much hype about their jeans, i think next time i visit i will have to try them again.
5	I love this store! They were in the midst of a mega-sale so I scored some great bargains!Camisoles (orig. $28, paid about $5)Peasant tops (white and navy) (orig. $68, paid about $15)Very helpful and not-at-all-pushy salespeople made for a fun place, with classic staples. Definitely going to the Boston-area locations!
4	Closed! Was a sad day when I went back to the Fashion Show Mall to find that it is no longer there.
