3	Iffy haircuts but cheap & usually quick?!
2	Usually quick, haircuts are a bit iffy. I think a couple of their stylists are a bit rude. You get the service you pay for. For the price, see Fabian next door at the Canyon salon for a $5 haircut for kids. He actually did a superb job for half the price.
3	Good hair cuts quick.  I arrived yesterday for my usual.  A long overdue trimming.  It was approximately 6:30 pm and there were no customers, which is usually a bad sign.  Alexia came from the back and checked me in right away.  She said that it had been real busy all day and that I had arrived at just the right moment.  I believe her, this place usually has a steady stream of customers.  I sat down and she asked how I wanted it.  I usually wait too long between cuts so I want a lot taken off.  They always try to talk you out of drastic changes.  "Are you sure you want that size, how about we start with this size and work down."  Okay, okay.  I relented.  Then, we went to the size I wanted in the first place.  She did a good job.  I was pleased.  She put my notes in the computer so the next stylist would know.  The whole thing took 15 minutes.  The fee was $12 (plus tip).  Very reasonable.  Us men prefer quick and cheap when it comes to haircuts.  This place is not so different from many other barber shops, but it is close to my home so I will be coming back.  Quick, cheap, good job, and close to my home.  Yep, that about sums it up.  Oh, I will complain about one thing:  I always walk out with a ton of hair clippings on my head and shirt.  I have to brush off for about 2 minutes before getting into my truck.  Oh well, that's what you get for $12.
5	Usually go to sports clips but got tired of their high prices... Went here for the first time and immediately after signing up, I was next. The haircut was professional and quick. Excellent service for a $12 haircut!
5	Every time I come the ladies are super sweet and friendly.  They are awesome at what they do and I always leave happy.
