5	Some of the best drinks in Las Vegas and Tater takes great care of you.  Amazing drinks and great help picking drinks.  Will be back next time we are in Las Vegas!
5	Tater makes the best drinks I've ever had.  He listens to what you like and helps you decide what to try.  I have loved each drink he's made.  This is a must stop by.  Enjoy!
5	The only way Im motivated to yelp is either a 1 star or 5 star experience.  This was a 5 star.  Its a whiskey bar with a highly specialized menu. Pinto was the Bartender and discussed several drinks with me.  The amount of care and expertise he put into each drink was incredible.  I live a life of sin and I don't deserve this type of service.  I now feel like I know a hidden gem.  I had two drinks and both were literally an experience.
3	I have come to this bar twice now, with very different experiences one was fantastic and the second was fairly disappointing.The first time I came with a friend of mine and we were greeted by one of the friendliest bartenders I've ever met in my life a super super nice Filipino man who's name escapes me at the moment. (Though he may also be identified by his handlebar mustache.) We drank we quietly sang alone to music when the other patrons left, and the cocktails were delicious and creative.Then the second occasion a few weeks later: I entered the bar, as another woman was leaving. I took the only available seat (roughly 8-10 seats) an moved it away a touch to identify I wasn't the woman that the two fellows next to me were with. Then I waited... The entire bar (including the two guys) had a complete turn over. Each seat was abandoned and reoccupied before I was acknowledged. He greeted any other patron that entered but not me. Finally he happened to notice my disgruntled (haven't looked away from him for minutes on end) facial expression to which he said he assumed I was with those other people (because new people come into a bar sit with people and don't need a drink...) he handed me a menu and after a few stares I realized I just couldn't bring myself to overpay (it wasn't over paying with the other bartender he was worth it) for a drink from a man that couldn't identify the difference between a brunette in her 40's and a blonde in her 20's...
5	They really know what they are doing out there. Chris made the most perfect mule cocktail that I have ever had. They might not have a lot in stock, but they pack a punch with everything
5	I absolutely love this new little joint. A wonderful selection of whiskey and a high level of attention to crafting cocktails makes for a great experience in this stylish container. In addition to the cocktail list, the bartenders here are willing to play with your tastes and customized a cocktail for you. On our last visit, Pinto created Clyde's Smoked Peach, which my friend and I declared the best cocktail we could remember ever tasting. This place is the bee's knees.
5	awesome classy whiskey bar. the bartenders are helpful and pretty funny. great selection of whiskey and cocktails at reasonable prices.plus it's right near the stage in the container park where there's live music.
3	The bartenders are great.  Friendly, capable, knowledgeable.  For a place so small the selection is excellent.The waitresses ... meh.  The second time I visited it was a Saturday evening and my friends and I had to sit on the patio, which we were perfectly fine with, until the waitress came up.  She watched us sit down and gave us no time to look at the options before trying to take our order.  I had been there before so I knew what I wanted, my friend hadn't and wanted a minute to look over the whiskey selection.  She refused to take my drink order because "she wanted to put them in together" and then walked away.  She then came back less than 30 seconds later to ask if my friend was ready, he wasn't, and then walked away again before I could insist that I would please like my order put in.  Then we waited over five minutes and she was nowhere to be seen.  Nor did any of the other waitresses come anywhere near where we were to see if we had been taken care of. (I know they're all assigned tables, but to completely avoid going anywhere near that part of the patio was a bit much). When she finally deigned to come back over, we placed our order and got our drinks in fairly short order and then were completely ignored for the next hour.  No "would you like anything else" or "how are you doing?" nothing. When she finally did come over to "see if we wanted anything", she made it VERY clear we were inconvenient to her.  We decided to move on and she gave us our closed check that she magically already had at hand and refused to split it (had she bothered to give us a spare second when we placed our orders, we'd have asked her to split the bill then).Word of advice, go in an off hour, go early, whatever, just make sure you can sit inside.  If you're stuck on the patio, just move on.
5	Great craft cocktails, wonderful whiskey selection, and a surprisingly good (but small) craft beer selection.  Keith was super cool and helpful.  Stop in and have a few.  You won't regret it.  Im coming back when I am in Vegas.
5	Great little bar in the Container Park.  Superb selections of bourbons and Whiskys as well as 6 microbrews on tap.  I was excited to see Ninkasi's total domination IPA.  Keith, the bartender was a welcome and knowledgable host and schooled us on several bourbons. It is a tiny place - with about 10 seats inside but you can also take your drink to go or bring it upstairs to the patio.
4	Cool little spot with some nice specialty cocktails. It's refreshing to see places like this popping up around LV. If it's crowded, the service can completely fizzle away.  It's nice to get a good spot at the main bar if you can so you can relax and enjoy the cool decor and environment.  However, it's also nice to sit on the patio if space permits and depending on if there is any favorable live entertainment on the nearby stage. I'm sure I'll be back here in the future...cool, hip bar! Woot!
5	Best bartenders in the city! So knowledgable and friendly. Can come up with drinks on the spot if you aren't quite sure what you want. Love the specialty drinks on the menu. Favorite place to grab a cocktail!
5	Fantastic bartenders that have an exceptional attention to detail when making drinks. It takes a bit longer than normal to get a drink, but the results are phenomenal. Two words. Simply incredible.
5	I have never been to a bar where I was treated to such divinity in a glass. The bartender created magic and poured it over ice. We happened upon this place by accident, in the quaint "container village" south of the Fremont Experience. If you're a connoisseur of the hand crafted and a lover of pretentious stuff in a glass, this is your place. We wiled away two hours sipping bitters, gin and IPA, and craft beer. Skip the bars on Fremont and make your way here NOW. Trust me.
3	I really wanted to give this place that 4th star, but the customer service in here was lacking. Don't get me wrong it wasn't terrible, but the two fellas behind the counter seemed a little disjointed. When I first walked in they were trying to figure out how to get someone's tab settled; either the machine wasn't working, they didn't know how to use it, or just plain forgot to charge the customer in the first place. It also seemed like only one of the two bartenders knew how to work cash register. During this time of "transaction confusion" my friend and I sat there just looking around waiting to be helped. This was probably just a few minutes, but at least throw me a menu or give a brief cocktail rundown while you're waiting to settled someone's tab. Just a thought.Beyond this little hiccup, which I'm assuming doesn't happen that often, the drinks were actually pretty good. Oak & Ivy has a great selection of whiskey, which they should, being this is a Whiskey Based Craft Cocktail lounge. I didn't order a craft cocktail, but decided to go with a glass of Four Roses Single Barrel whiskey on the rocks, I could have sipped these bad boys all night! My partner in crime went with the "Sazerac", a Peychaud's soaked sugar cube crushed in a house blend misted bucket and stirred with Bulleit Rye. I didn't try a sip of this and now as I write this, I'm kicking myself. Next time Oak & Ivy, next time. Besides the brief brain fart in customer service at the beginning of this experience, Oak & Ivy is that little gem you might pass by as you wander through Container Park. So stop, turn around, and plant your butt for crafty cocktail.
5	Bartender was awesome to help find a kind of beer we liked to drink.. Gave us a few beers to sample to find one we liked.  Great atmosphere
3	This handsome, compact, dimly-lit setting would make for tantalizing, sweet-nothing whispers prior to a desperate dash to the El Cortez Cabana Suites for an hour or two of passion if you could get a seat inside.  It's lovely outside too on either the upper- or ground-level terrace although not as conducive to the dash.It sounds as if I would have been amazed by the quality of the whisky-based concoctions if I were a whisky drinker, but, alas, I am not.  Furthermore, my gal, like many gals, enjoys "foofoo" drinks.  I recently introduced her to the Cocaine Lady--cream poured over a shot of Kahlua, shot of Bailey's, shot of DiSaronno, shot of Frangelico and topped off with a splash of Coke.  (I didn't say Pepsi, people.)  I, myself, swore off beer much to the benefit of my belly so I'll enjoy a chilled double DiSaronno when we go out for a drink.  To keep things simple for the bartender and appeasing to her sweettooth, I'll often order her a White Russian.Twice now--on both of my two visits to Oak & Ivy--I have been advised that they were out of Kahlua.  Maybe it was my bad luck that they just ended a foofoo-drink rush and they emptied out their Kahlua supply on both occasions.  I would be disappointed to think that any fashionable bar fails to stock Kahlua.  The bartender was kind and assertive enough to whip up an alternative submitted for our approval, but the texture was pure half-and-half.  We could hardly gulp our sips, it was as thick as a frozen custard shake, and the espresso liqueur aftertaste could hardly compare with the sweet bang of a White Russian.  Also, is there really any other brand of amaretto liqueur worth enjoying other than DiSaronno?  I guess Oak & Ivy thinks so.  Would you have your heart set on a Bailey's Irish Coffee, for example, and be content to sip a Carolan's Irish Coffee instead by the fireplace?  I doubt it.  If you're only going to stock one amaretto liqueur (and apparently no coffee liqueur) because you are a whisky bar, then make it the one-and-only classic brand, please.  I can't recall the name of the cheap amaretto substitute I was offered--none is worth remembering save DiSaronno--but the thickness and blandness of the would-be White Russian culminating in my second, consecutive disappointment made us walk out to the bartender's wish of "good luck".I normally don't require luck for such a simple expectation.
5	Was just served the best "G-D" cocktails I've ever had.  I learned a lot if great tricks and have anew excitement for mixology.  Pinto taught me some things I was unaware of before.  Had so much fun here.  Pardon the typos.  I am rightly sauced.  Pinto!!!!
5	Really nice people, really knowledgeable.  Don't know about you, but I've been to too many craft cocktail establishments that don't have an answer when you give them your preferred flavor profile.  This Bartender Expert pulled some cocktail from the archives that was perfect.  Highly recommend.
5	Wow, what an awesome find this place was! My husband and I sat at the bar and were thoroughly entertained watching the gregarious and fun bartender Pinto whip up drinks all night. The Moscow Mule served in a traditional copper cup and a fun take on the gin fizz were absolutely delicious and made with los of TLC. Seriously- hand-crushed ice??! This place is the real deal and we enjoyed every sip. Thanks Pinto for the excellent service and incredible, handcrafted bevies!
5	Between myself and my husband, we've been to dozens of local and tourist bars all over the valley. I can, without a doubt, say that Oak & Ivy is the best bar I've ever been to! If you're looking for craft cocktails or even a beer, a great environment, and wonderful company, this is the place! You're welcome to read my (long) review below if you want to know more. The Location: Located at the Container Park, which is only a block from Fremont, Oak & Ivy is close for tourists, but far enough away from the Vegas hustle and bustle for locals. During the day, all hard alcohol must stay on the premises, but you're able to walk around, shop, and eat if you're only having beer. Whether you want to explore the park, or hang out inside with other patrons and the bartenders, you'll have a good time!The Staff: Every single bartender at Oak & Ivy is wonderful! They are all knowledgable and able to make whatever you throw at them. They are even willing and able to recommend cocktails you've never experienced based on your preferences. However, Pinto is my fav. He has proven that I can love gin and Bloody Mary's along with given me recommendations on how to "wow" others when I make cocktails! Never had a bad convo or cocktail when I've stopped in!The Drinks: Although they specialize in craft cocktails and whiskey, there is something for everyone here. Multiple beers are on tap and in bottles. They mix up they're menu with signature cocktails (like a pumpkin inspired Sleepy Hollow) and have they're most popular drinks like the coveted Moscow Mule with house made ginger beer. If you're feeling more inspired/adventurous, challenge them to make you something wild or let them decide on a drink for you! You simply can't go wrong.
5	Pinto took care of us Sunday night! What a pleasant experience by a very knowledgeable gentleman.  We will definitely be back to visit......
5	While in Vegas for business, I decided to venture up to the Container Park for a few drinks. I'm so glad I did. As a fan of classic whisky cocktails, Oak & Ivy was nirvana for me. Bartenders Katie and Chris were friendly and very knowledgable. We chatted about mixology and cocktail history, and they even shared a few house tips for some of my favorite cocktails. And the Sazerac and Boulevarier I had were expertly crafted.I would highly recommend making a stop here whenever you find yourself in Vegas looking for something a little outside what's available on the stip.
5	It's not often that I write reviews, but after I stopped in tonight to talk shop with Chris and the crew I had a Ramos Gin Fizz and was more than compelled to write one. I'm a big fan of Oak & Ivy already for the atmosphere, the staff, and the service. This drink however was so artfully crafted that I couldn't not share it. The presentation was spectacular; the fizz was poured to perfection, extending just beyond the capacity of the glass. Now I'm not normally one to drink such cocktail, but I can say that this is truly something special. The combination of the flavor profile in the fizz and from the drink work very well together and I'd highly recommend it on your next visit. I will definitely be back for another.
5	Really cool the drinks are perfection!!! And the atmosphere is laid back and makes you feel right at home!!!!
3	Oak and Ivy has the potential to be 5 stars. Let me explain why it's 3. This place is total hipster, no doubt about that. Luckily we came at 1230 at night and not too many people there. It's downtown so I knew it wouldn't the party scene/club goer's. The boyfriend wanted a drink and we came in here. Bartender was nice enough. The manager though, yikes! We didn't talk with him, but another server came in and asked him a question about a "shift drink" (maybe that's bar lingo, I don't know) and he was really upset. He scolded her in front of my boyfriend and I. It was a little embarrassing. Don't discipline in front of customers. It's bad for business.Would have liked to talk more with the bartender, but she was busy talking about the server with the manager. Again, the place itself is cool and small and what looks like, pretty amazing drinks. But maybe management needs to work on how they treat their servers in front of paying customers.
5	I have to admit, I'm pretty anti-hipster. This is a hipster bar. And I'm a fan. I've had my fair share of "craft" cocktails served by "mixologists" and uniformly dismissed them but this place is different. The staff here, especially the bartender who goes by "Pinto", truly love what they do, make an awesome cocktail in an unpretentious manner, and make for an awesome experience. If you're on Fremont and appreciate fine spirits (i.e., you don't want a strawberry daiquiri), it's definitely worth the walk down to Container Park.
5	This place is an absolute treasure. Not only do you get an amazing drink but you are also in for a great experience. Pinto was incredible along with the rest of the crew!
4	Stopped in here on Christmas eve since most of the places I was planning on visiting were closed.  I'm glad I did!  It was a cozy bar with only a few stools and most of them had patrons on them.  The bartender who helped me was friendly and quickly gave me a menu and a glass of water.I had their Wonder Fizz and it was delicious.  Prices for drinks were pretty standard for Las Vegas. I don't make it down to the container park very often but I certainly plan to stop by Oak & Ivy again the next time I'm there.
5	tater is my favorite! all the mixologist here are very knowledgable and full of passion for what they do, great place!
5	A plethora of brown liquors including those of the high-end and hard-to-find variety are showcased at this shipping container turned rustic hip drinkery. Place your spirited requests and trust in the very capable hands of what I would call THE up and coming dream team of bartender-mixologists, all of whom treat their craft as an art.
