2	Regardless of this review there is an obvious lack of options in the area and it will continue to be a busy business.  But perhaps someone will consider there is still a whole lot of room for improvement and do something about it!I have yet to come to this location and leave feeling like I had great service.  I feel forgotten at my table and my drink is always empty.  Tonight's dinner was no different.I ordered the Never Ending bowl of pasta with chicken.*The chicken was very fatty and I had to spit out chunks of fat a few times.*My pasta was runny and mushy.  *I hardly finished any of the first bowl to even want a second.I asked for the check 3 times and it took the server close to 15 min to get a manager to bring it over.  When he asked about my meal and I told him he didn't seem to care one bit about my reply.  Why he asked I have no idea.Overall I feel like this franchise location needs some serious work from the "big guys".
2	We have been here many times and as the previous reviews have stated. The service is lacking in most areas. However there one bright light in this otherwise abismal restaraunt chain. The server Theresa. We will eat there now only if she is our waitress. She understands customer service, and what a patron is looking for when eating out.
1	I've been to this location numerous times. Every. single. time I've had less than average food and TERRIBLE service. The management is rude. The servers seem to read from cue cards but freeze when you ask any questions. Service is slow, food isn't "normal" OG quality. Save your money and patience for a restaurant that appreciates you AND your business.
1	I have been to many olive garden restaurants in several states.  I have never been so disappointed. my salad was mediocre and i LOVE OG's salad and breadsticks.  My entree was so aweful i had to send it back to the kitchen.  I will never return to this particular location.  Whenever i pass this place, i shiver.  Mimi's Cafe is a much better option.
1	The service was horrible and the food wasn't very good either. Our server was rude and very slow.
1	Wow I never thought about doing a review on this place since I have never ate here but since I work with alot of people I have went there to pick up for for them and I have recieved poor service there both times.They tell you food will be ready in 30 mins so I always give them extra 15 mins to have it ready and I always end up waiting like 40 more mins. I swear they never make it till I get there. One time that was the case in fact they never put the order in and with 5 people ordering it was almost an hour till all the food was ready. The second time they missed all the soups and salads that were suppose to come with the food. If you want good service looks else where. I always tell people at work never go to this location.
4	I order takeout food (soup, salad, appetizers) from this location once or twice a month. My food is always ready when I arrive, and the order is always complete. Haven't had a bad experience here yet and have been going there nearly 3 years.
2	what can i say, its another chain restaurant. the kinda place that will do in a pinch kinda deal, but not where you really want to eat thing. the food was mediocre at best and a lil over priced if your askn my opinion. the service was horrible, salads and appetizer arrived at the same time, while we waited forever for our entrees. when we needed our server, she was nowhere to be found. Boooooo!
5	Olive Garden is always consistent, and I think one is pretty nice. I think it is funny when people post about restaurants and they only do take-out. Either they make it too early and its cold and get a poor review or they wait to keep it hot and they complain they waited. Plus your rating should be for dining in, not take out, that is a different thing.
2	Overall, I was not impressed. For a chain, Olive Garden usually holds pretty high standards in most of the locations I have went. For decor and ambience I would probably give it a 4, it is a nice place and the seating is just far enough apart where other peoples noise becomes background noise instead of you hearing the conversation. Service was a little off, give it a 3, I was seated for 10 minutes before anyone came to take a drink order (when taking my order she also asked me if I wanted a quick meal, in case I was at lunch. I was, but this confused me, shouldn't they always be trying to give me their best, fastest service?) but after that they were just attentive enough not to be annoying. The food I will perhaps give 1.5 stars. I ordered some kind of spicy shrimp fritta sandwich that turned out to be an open faced sandwich. In reality they had chopped open a ciabatta roll and dumped a handful of fried shrimp, some diced onions and a couple of tomato quarters and called it good. There was supposed to be some kind of spicy cherry sauce with it as well, but if it had ever been there it had soaked completely into the bread long before it got to my table. Overall it was pretty bland and tasteless. The best thing about the meal was my salad. According to the menu it was a fresh garden salad but when it got to my table I think it was a caesar saled, but it was tasty and fresh which is more than I can say about the rest of the meal.
2	The food is usually good if you can hang in for the insane and unusually long time it takes to get it. We've waited over an hour and a half before and they brought out the appetizers and main course at the same time. We've been here over four times and have never gotten our food at a normal amount of time. If you are in a hurry or on a schedule I discourage this place. If you aren't that hungry and won't be for an hour and have a few hours to kill, this is your place!
3	Food is usually great, service, hit or miss. Wait & wait for the food to arrive and to make things worse, you have to wait & wait again for them to settle the bill. It usually goes like this: waiter disappears after you finally, get your meal, when he/she decides to come back, you ask for the bill, the wait starts again!
2	Service was great. I ordered the chicken parm which I had at another Olive Garden a week ago and this one was over done and borderline burnt. I would have sent it back but I was in a business meeting.
4	The food is good and I like the servers. Sometimes, however, it's not the fastest service or the best quality of food. Luckily, for every bad experience I've had, I'll have two good experiences.
4	Good service. Good food. I've never had bad service at this Olive Garden location.
5	Made reservations & got right in when we arrived. Service was fast & efficient-and Desiree, our server, always had a smile. We had our favorites-soup, salad, breadsticks, eggplant parmigiana and lasagna. They were amazing as always. We were stuffed and even had leftovers (yum). The manager, Sherry, came by and sincerely asked how we enjoyed our meal (which I like because it shows they care). The restaurant was filled as we left so we were glad we had early reservations!  Would definitely go back!!
3	Sad to say, this place is going down hill. Hard to believe an Italian Restaurant that doesn't offer penne or bow tie pasta. Also their prices have gone up, like they weren't already high enough. Hope they wake up before it's too late.
3	First, I don't like pasta and even though they have other things, I still don't go here.  We had a gift card from our wedding so we went for lunch.  Food was ok, nothing special.  The waitress was overly attentive, it seemed as if she came to our table every 5 minutes.  At first it was ok, then just got annoying.
2	I'm sorry to say that this food at this restaurant appears to be going downhill.  The last two times I've dined there the food has not been good, the salad not fresh and crisp and they've taken some of the better items off the menu, ex seafood botedo. The calamari appetizer was skimpy for the price.  The wait staff is always attentive as was the hostesses.
5	It's been almost a year since my last review. I've been here a lot because of the never ending pasta pass I recently acquired. My favorite so far is the angel hair with traditional marinara and shrimp fritta. The staff are great here and they all work together to make sure you have a great experience here. Each time I've been during lunch, there's always a greeter at the door. I'd like to update my review to five stars because really, the service I've had recently has been outstanding.
5	I have recently started going to this location and have had a great experience every time. They remember me and know what I want to drink, but ask first before pouring. The food has always been great with plenty of left overs.
5	I have always had a great experience here regardless of what people say. The service has always been good and the food delicious. The service is great to make any issues corrected. I found a hair in my food but within a moments of telling the waiter, the manager came out, apologized and corrected the issue and even waived the dish on my check. Still makes a situation taken care of. Thanks Olive Garden.
3	I meet my parents here on Saturdays before their opera matinee. A AZ Center eatery, the quality over the years has been pretty consistent. I almost always get the pizza Martguerita. It used to be a large pie for about $20 which I would order and share with the table. Now they offer two sizes - one smaller which is more than $20 and one which is larger and $30. Definitely not worth it even if it includes a mimosa! yesterday, my parents both ordered eggs and sausage and their eggs arrived cold. The service was pretty dismal in general. Not sure what happened to Olive Garden Italian Restaurant. It used to be a delightful meeting place in a convenient location (in truth, it's always been about the location). We will most likely eat elsewhere before the next opera.
