4	Veggie haggis?!?!?!  But oh so glad that I dared, it was really, really good!This cafe is situated right off of Princes Street, complete with stone face exterior and is cozy inside.  Granted, the cups of coffee are tiny, but the breakfast special can't be beat.  I visited a couple of years ago, and the breakfast was priced well for a full Scottish breakfast, with choice of standard haggis, or veggie haggis.   The veggie version was fantabulous!  Spices of bergamont and lavender permeated through this soy based scoop of tastiness, I would love to go back to Edinburgh (again, I do love this city), and stop by here again for breakfast.  Tasty, tasty!
4	The first cafe I ever went to - and I am still coming back, even to this day.  If that isnt enough detail for you, let me explain.The food is excellent - and, more importantly, there is a huge selection. Yes, the prices are a bit on the steep side, but what do you expect from a place so close to the royal mile?My favourate thing has to be the outside seating however, there is nothing better than sitting outside with a coffee, a tuna melt panini (in my opinion the best they do here) and watching the world go by. Splended.
4	Came here for breakfast because if you stay at Edinburgh Backpackers you get a discount and it was well worth it. Just under 4 pounds for a full breakfast with vegetarian haggis (made of lentils, I think they only call it haggis because it looks the same) that was delicious. I was told it was better than the real haggis my friend tried the night before. Really cute interior and I would definitely have come back for lunch if I was staying in Edinburgh longer, especially to try the soup special they had that day--spicy carrot!
4	Nice cafe with great food. The coffee is "normal" (nothing special) and the staff is a little bit confused ;) But I would visit it again!
4	Coffee.  I. Need.  Coffee.  That's why I stopped in.  Sure I could've walked a little further to the Starbucks at the top of the road, but this place caught my eye.  Inside is really nice and the staff were really friendly, but not in the "it is too early in the morning to every be that peppy" sort of friendly.  They let you add your own milk to your coffee and I ended up getting a massive brownie to take away, you know, for a little snack later.  The brownie was delicious ;)
4	Oh Edinburough, how much I miss you. I stopped in here after a long day of walking and needed a coffee... and a chair. This place was definitely satisfying. Months later, I'm still remember my meal. Crazy? No, because I will never forget how tired I was, and how much I needed a good meal. I ordered the spicy wrap (don't remember the name) but it was delicious. Nice chicken, sauce, and greens wrapped together in an orange tortilla. The real hit was the soy latte that was made to fit in a water cup, and decorated with coffee art. Cool? Yes! It was delish.I sat at the bar looking out onto the downward spiraling street. I sat maybe for an hour and a half and journaled before heading back to my hostel. Just what I needed. Sounds relaxing doesn't it? Lovely stop. I would totally recommend coming here for a quick bite. The menu is big enough to accommodate just about any diet. SX!
3	How did I even end up here!?!?! I have not got a clue, but I sat for a good hour or so and thought it was perfectly average.......The selection is much what I expected, soup, all day breakfasts, paninis, burgers, scampi and such like! I ended up having a coffee and taking advantage of the free wifi. Coffee was alright, not the worst I have had, but not the best.I then decided to have the very tempting sounding Sweet Potato and Chorizo soup. What a let down it was. I do not know if it is a Scottish thing, or an Islander thing but I want to be able to stick wallpaper up with my soup! This was a very orange looking dishwater. It did not taste of much..... and more to the point no chunks of sweet potato.... or chorizo!?!?! I ate it all but was not very satisfied at all. So basically I would maybe go back, but might avoid the soup next time just incase!
4	Perfect for hanging out and wasting time with free wifi. Solid coffee, but only average food. I wouldn't necessarily seek this place out at lunch, but if I'm heading in or out of Edinburgh it's a great place to set up shop for a few hours.
4	I'm clearly not around the Royal Mile and Cockburn Street enough as I had never noticed this cafe before! Myself and a friend went in to escape the bitterly cold weather. We were shown to a table in the back as we wanted to be as far away from the door and the cold as possible. I just had a scone and hot chocolate which were fine, but my friend had quesadillas which looked really appetising and she said it tasted really good. I think I'll need to go back to try out some other food on the menu.
5	My lunch was exactly what my encroaching cold craved. Thank you so much for the delicious big bowl of parsnip soup and the brie pannini on bread that was fresh rustic perfection!
4	Lovely place to sit down for some coffee with a tart. The lemon tart is to die for. I've heard the lunch is pretty decent as well. The service is pretty good as well.
5	Probably my most favourite cafe in Edinburgh. Chicken strips are awesome!
4	Popped in here for a late lunch while in Edinburgh for a day out. We didn't plan to come in here but decided that the exterior looked really quirky so decided to try! As you enter it looks like your usual coffee shop - some seating areas and a large blackboard over the till area with your menu and drinks - so there I was waiting to order at the till as you do. But turns out it's an actual restaurant which was a surprise to us as we were looking for something quick. But we decided to just stay as we were just starving! We were taken to the upstairs level of the restaurant, which was nice as a lot of the decor and flooring was wooden so it felt a bit like you were in a tree house.. The staff and food was lovely, however it is probably on the pricey side considering it was a sort of coffee shop with a restaurant priced menu. Overall was a good experience, will recommend :)
4	Sehr guter Kaffe.
