4	I love going to this restaurant because they have the family deal that you can not beat if you are hungry for hot dogs. They have the 5 for $5 deal. Can you beat that? I don't think so!! The family and I love chili dogs, so of course we are gonna go here!! YAY for Wienerschnitzel!! They are in the plaza of Walmart and Sam's Club right next door to the L&L Hawaiian BBQ!
4	Chili cheese hot dog. That's what I was craving. For some reason the transition to cold weather from Hawaii makes me want to eat lots of food probably to add fat for hibernation similar to bears. Anyway, this is another random snack place we decided to eat at.Drove through and ordered me a chili cheese dog, a chili dog and chili fries for the hubs, and another dog for my mama. How the heck did I not see the 3 chili dogs deal for $3.00?!? I cut my mama off when she mentioned the deal and that's what I get. Brought it home and had a taste of that sodium and fat enriched goodness. Again, I inhaled my chili cheese dog in a couple minutes and tried to picture how it will be when I get back to working out when my vacation's over. Who cares.I have a special place in my heart for Wienerschnitzel and its on the lines of artery clogging goodness.
3	I like to call this place Wiener dog.  I don't eat often but when I do, I usually get at least a chili dog.  You see what I did there.  yes I know corny joke alert.  Believe it or not I have some friends who have never eaten here.  I was in shock!  How could you never been to Wienerschnitzel?  I always have coupons for this place and they always have specials.  So we decided to go check it out.  I can usually get a combo meal about a couple times a year.  We walked in and the guy was friendly and seemed happy to be there.  So this was plus. This is a fast food chain, so it's easy and fast.  They have pretty good corn dogs too.  If you are in the area you have to check this place out.  If you have never tried this place before, then climb out of your rock and get a chili dog.  Cheers!
4	$1.00 chilli dogs....What's not to like about this deal!
4	Ok, so its another fast food joint. I must tell you this place is very well run, the managers/owners take great care. The hot dogs are not bad, perfect if you need a switch from the world of burgers and chicken. Live it up, you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
5	The best tasting chili cheese dog, an absolutely awesome customer service and extra clean restaurant!... A very happy customer!!
4	Been craving chili dogs but, I work Grave yard shift and never seem to wake up in time to get it before work. But, found out they open at 9am!!!! Score! I bought a family pack and was able to reheat for later and they tasted delicious~~Very happy girl and husband too..
5	good experience on my last visit.  I don't like pork or hot dogs so it always makes my friends laugh when I want to go here.  I like the chili cheeseburger and chili fries...guess I like the chili!  hahalast visit though after ordering I had to answer a phone call so was at the booth on the phone while waiting for the food.  the manager (who took my order) brought my food out to the table, didn't expect that.  it's a fast food restaurant, so little things like that go the extra mile!only thing that sucks for me is I hate Pepsi products and drink diet sodas, so the only option besides Diet Pepsi is fresh brewed ice tea...wish there was something else like a Diet Mountain Dew or something.
1	I got something from the menu I had never eaten from Wienerschnitzel. A pastrami sandwich. It was not good. I went thru the drive-thru, then got a parking spot to munch down a much needed lunch. The first thing I noticed is that it didn't look anything like the photo but what food ever does so I took a bite and said ummmmm in a questioning tone not yummmm in a 'this is delish' tone. I took it back in the store and asked for a refund. The manager was livid. He began to tell me that if everyone brought their food back, that wouldn't be good for his store. I told him that I wasn't going to pay for something that was nasty and that I didn't care about what other people did. He gave me a hard time a few times which was really uncomfortable but  finally gave me back my little $4.31. Seriously! Maybe he should have asked if they could make me something else but he chose to take it personal. Oh well. I won't ever be back to this one or any Wienerschnitzel's. I don't spend my money at places that have a problem with refunds. I will be 100% satisfied with ANY and ALL my purchases, or it's going back. Simple as that!Pros: The drive thru girl was nice and the store looked clean and tidy.
1	Today my boyfriend and I went in to eat at Weinershnitzel, as we were walking in the manager was too, and he held the door open for us. As we walked to the front counter the manager started to talk to the girl behind the counter about something that had gone wrong and how everyone who worked there was going to pay for it. At this time we're ready to order, but the manager takes the girl behind a wall just so we barely can't see them anymore and continues to yell and curse at her. We decided to eat at the place next door. And as we're opening the door from the other business he comes running out of the door asking us if we were sure we didn't want anything to eat there. He knew we were there, he held the door open when we first came in, so he should have taken care of his customers and then dealt with the issue. His customer service skills were awful and his management skills were far less than professional.
3	Great honey corn dogs. chili cheese fries are a great hit to share. and taste freezees  and cones for a snack.  for a snack not a meal I would call dinner or lunch.
5	THE BEST!This location is by far the best of all the great sanctuaries of the soul we know as "Weinerschnitzel."  I've never had a bad visit here, never. And as my waistline can attest there are frequent visits.The food is always fresh. Frequently I unwrap chili-cheese dogs and have to hold them by the AC vent because it's so hot and fresh.  The drive through service is always awesome. Never a problem, fast and very courteous. GREAT JOB GUYS!Some people complain about a few of the specialty items. To me this is a non issue because I come here for the dogs, and they are delish! Corn dogs, chili dogs and just plain old dogs... this is my favorite place for them all. And the prices are good too. I'm off to Der Weinerschitzel (their old name by the way)! Can't wait for the chili to be dripping down my face..... pearly gates and harps....
