4	I came here on their first day of business with a couple friends, one of whom often mentions their shop up in New Brighton. The three of us split three waffles: two savory and one sweet. They were all super tasty. I am pretty new to the world of savory waffles... this is the perfect place for the introduction. The rest of the menu looked great too.Great service, cool decor. Totally reasonable prices. Can't wait to see it fill up on a Saturday morning!
5	Came in on only their 3rd day of business.  Interior was welcoming and comforting.  Staff was very nice and helpful and the executive chef came out to talk and describe some of the dishes.  They even paired up the perfect syrup to go with our choices.  Food was creative and very tasty.  I can't wait to try more of their options!
5	I don't like waffles. Never have. I think they're boring. They're usually dry and no fun. Pancakes are where it's at for me. You can dress them up or play it down, but either way, they're usually delicious. But gosh darnit, Waffles INcaffeinated has got it going on!I wanted to try them, considering I'd heard all this great buzz. In comes the bright, shiny new store right in the South Side. Lucky for us, we now have a city version of their eatery. Lucky for me, because now I'm addicted.I didn't realize there could be so many waffle combinations. I honestly thought it would just be waffles with some fancy fruit on top or baked inside. But it's so not. It's pages of waffle inspired dishes! Savory waffles and sweet waffles, waffle sandwiches and so much more!I opted for the Eggs Benedict. Number 1, it's my fave breakfast dish and, number 2, I REALLY wanted the sweet waffles, but opted for a savory one (next time, my friends!). It was incredible! It had a lump of crab meat that was mixed with this tart, perhaps lemon (?) mix, on top of one of the best hollandaise sauces I've ever had (sweet). And the crowning achievement? The waffle itself! It was everything I THOUGHT a waffle should have been, but I'd never experienced before. The batter mix that created this square piece of magic was superb. It was sweet and fluffy, with no burnt spots to be seen. It was pure perfection.I'm gonna have to fight the voices in my head each time I drive down Carson (to the gym right past the shop, no less!!!!) that tell me to stop in. But for you, don't wait, but run there!
5	OMG! Darren and I are Waffles Inc. fans since I lived in Beaver County. It's so cool that they opened one in the city of Pittsburgh. I think it will do really well. We came days after they opened, and they didn't miss a beat. Josh, one of the chefs and owners even talked with us for a bit. Our server was awesome too. This one is bigger than the New Brighton one and has really nice calming green/black decor. The food's the most important thing, and it delivers. The sausage and gravy waffle is mouthwatering as is the Funky Monkey Waffle we shared for dessert. The waffles themselves are so fluffy and good you could probably eat them with nothing on them and they'd still be delicious. Sweet or savory? Waffles Inc has them all including sandwiches and other stuff if you don't feel like waffles (everything was good at the New Brighton restaurant, so I'm sure you can't go wrong here either, but order the yummy waffles or you're crazy!). Great place. Go!
1	HORRIBLE SERVICE.  We honestly had to walk out on our order because the kitchen time was 35 minutes and up once you placed your food order.  It took our server 15 minutes to even approach us for drinks upon arrival.  She never checked back for refills while we tried to wait for our food.  None of the other customers in the restaurant were pleased with the service.  Many people including us requested to speak to a manager.  Upon speaking to him he simply apologized and made an excuse for the kitchen being backed up.  The manager did not assist the servers nor did he seem to know how to handle managing a restaurant.  The wait staff seemed very frazzled and overwhelmed for such a small restaurant.  Essentially the staff seemed untrained and unable to handle their small section of tables.  We told them we would like to cancel our order and left to go to another breakfast restaurant.  We never had a chance to try the food so I cannot comment on the quality.  However, the menu was very limited if you do not like waffles.  It also was over priced with most breakfast entrees costing $9-$11 and not having large portions from what we could observe from the few tables who were fortunate enough to have received their food after the very long wait.  Overall, we will never go back to this establishment and we would not recommend it to any friends or family in the future.
5	The sunny interior matched the service with a smile. Quality ingredients like wild mushrooms, berries, & greens. Decent options for non-waffle aficionados. I savored the mushroom chevre omelet and salad topped with a zingy dressing. The focus was on freshness rather than greasy and gut busting. The smaller portion sizes were a breath of fresh air-- a satisfying breakfast need not make you feel like a bloated glutton. A definite new  favorite Sunday brunch place!!!!
5	Delicious. Seriously.I went there with two friends...and we are three very talkative ladies. When our food came there was nothing but small noises of joy coming from us. Well, me mostly. The other ladies were better able to keep their foodgasms under control.I had the french toast: Italian bread dipped in batter and then pressed in the waffle iron. There was a delicious marscapone creme smear on my plate that was so good that I wanted to rub it all over my face and live like that forever. The maple syrup was a perfect compliment. It was seriously so. effin. good.My friends were just as pleased with their meals. One got the monte cristo which she said was the best she'd ever had, and the other got...I think it was the Magic? Don't quote me on that, but I think that's what she got, and she said it was awesome.Coffee was really good. My friend got tea and it seemed as though there was a nice selection. Service was super friendly and prompt. We got there at 11 and the place was almost empty, but there was a wait by the time we left.I am going back sooner rather than later and next time will try one of their savory options!
4	WAFFLES!!!!! This place is awesome. Waffles INcaffinated is a breakfast/brunch spot that will knock your socks off with some pretty awesome breakfast foods. It seemed, and rightfully so, that much of their menu is Waffle centered but they offer other things  as well including other traditional breakfast items and sandwiches if your not feeling breakfast for lunch.  I had the single "Sausage and Gravy" Waffles with a side of the Sweet Potato Fries with the Cajun Jerk Marshmallow fluff dipping sause. The single cost you about $6.50 and as you can see in my pics is half of a rather large waffle. I assume the double is the entire Waffle which will run you about 8. Even though everything was very good I felt like it was a little over prices. I mean $6.50 for half a waffle? I mean it was covered in Sausage Gravy, but still if it wasn't for the $4 Sweet potato fries I would have left a little hungry. I feel $6.50 for an entire waffle would be about right in my mind but I'm am a little on the cheap side.
5	Whereas Pamela's is too crowded and Waffallonia serves exclusively dessert, I'm always on the lookout for new waffle places in the 'burg. Waffles Inc. definitely satisfies. I forget what it's called, but my current favorite is a waffle topped with eggs benedict, crab meat, and hollandaise sauce. The service is excellent, too - there were three ladies handling the shop when boyfriend and I came for breakfast, and they were over the top in terms of friendliness and constant (free) refills.
4	This place was pretty amazing. First, part of my party got there before me so I am not sure how long they waited, but we had 8 people on Saturday at 12 and were seated really quickly. Hat's off to them for their quick service.The server was very friendly and knowledgeable about the menu. I only wished I knew about the build your own waffle before I started.THE WAFFLES! YUM! I am not even a huge waffle or pancake fan. I had the Waffles Benedict with bacon instead of crab. It was delicious! I didn't need syrup! Speaking of syrup, they have an AMAZING collection of different types of syrups to try out. I was a bit disappointed that they didn't offer it up to anyone. My boyfriend had to ask for it. He got the bourbon syrup. It was in a Jim Beam bottle! I was soo impressed with it, but sad they didn't offer their awesome syrups upon ordering or delivering the food. I will have to go back and try the other kinds! They seemed like they were a hot commodity as another server came over to pick up the syrup and pass it onto another table. Try them! They are delicious.Overall, the service was good, food was a little pricey for what it was but well worth trying out. I'll definitely be back to try a new dish, and syrup for that matter.
4	Um can I live here? This place is wonderful; breakfast is my jam and this place is peanut butter. Sorry I don't know how express how much I could have breakfast, lunch, and dinner here. I want to go back very soon. It's just such a smart idea to use waffles in so many different way and I'm glad a place has done this!
5	I literally love this place. The concept, ambiance, and food are all executed so well. This location blows the socks off the New Brighton locaion where we had several customer service issues in the past. There's much more room here as well. Everything was on point. I have no complaints. I recommend the Funky Monkey if you're into a sweet waffle like I am. I only wish they would come to Cranberry. They'd kill it here.
4	Go to Waffles INCaffeinated and get your grub on. I did.What I ordered was a caprese and crab omlet a cappuccino and a side of bacon and an orange juice.  The restaurant was empty when I arrived there at 10:30am so I had my pick of where to sit.  The color scheme appealed to me. I took a liking to everything from the black bamboo textured walls to  the earthy green paint color and black wood tables and chairs through out. There was a vibrant and healthy palm tree in the rare of the restaurant that  was adorable.  The green color  Waffles INCaffeniated picked for the restaurant is literally my favorite color it's like they painted the place just for me.  I would absolutely adore having this color scheme in my home.My one and only complaint was that my bacon was not drained of grease and did not taste anything of apple wood smoked bacon. I felt I was being a little greedy when I ordered the side of bacon. I should have said no.  Aside from that everything was great.I took a risk eating crab for breakfast but it paid off. I cannot wait to visit this restaurant with my boyfriend who loves waffles. Great location , great service and mighty fine decor.
4	This is my preferred style o' cuisine here: funky, inventive and doesn't quite make sense until you put it in your mouth. Savory waffles are my JAM. Their benny (a spin on a traditional eggs benedict with crab) was absolutely delicious ($8.5). We got the monthly waffle special- Waffle Rancheros ($8.95)- chorizo, rancheros sauce, sour cream, green onions. We also couldn't resist the sweet potato fries ($4) with marshmallow fluff jerk sauce. Tip: get a latte or cappuccino! they have one FREE refill! It was PACKED on a Sunday but what else can you expect? Service was great! The host obliged my request for some coffee while we waited.Why only 4 stars? Hmmm... it hurts a little bit to pay $9 for a waffle with no sides.
4	Really good breakfast. The mixed variety of potatoes in the home fries were great and souther waffles were nice and savory. They have Franks hot sauce and Sriracha. The place is really busy and the space is a bit tight. My only issues were that the coffee refills could have been more frequent and that is was a bit weird that there was no ketchup or syrup especially on the tables.
4	Yum! We came here for breakfast this morning and it really hit the spot. There are plenty of places to sit, the service was quick and the food was delicious. Huz ordered a 'make your own omelette' and I had the pancakes. I feel silly for not ordering waffles, but there's always next time!
4	Great food. Waffles were flavorful.  Coffee was fresh. Kid meals included a lot of food for good cost. Family friendly.  We definitely recommend it!
5	A very berry explosion encased in the most delightful light and fluffy waffle. So yum...so yum that I can't stop thinking about my waffle from yesterday morning. Rachel C knows good breakfast, so I wasn't surprised that she suggested Waffles INCaffeinated being that the Yelp reviews are pretty stellar overall. The name is cute and catchy, the decor is modern and simple, the service is exceptionally friendly and educated, and the waffles...are spectacular. I plowed through my Megaberry Waffle with speed and efficiency, but still noting that the fresh raspberries and blueberries were stuffed into just about every bite. Plus, said berries were perfectly paired with a dollop of whipped cream and a splash of the housemade vanilla syrup. And it didn't hurt that the crispy bacon provided a perfect yang to the yin I was experiencing with the sweet (but not overly so) waffle I was shoveling. Portions are nicely sized but not mammoth, so if you enjoy the waffle as much as I did, don't expect to share.
4	Breakfast Magic (cheddar and bacon waffle-goodness) and the Benny (poached eggs with ham and crab on a waffle) were delish! I would have preferred the crabmeat to have been served warmed as part of the sauce rather than chilled, but that's just me. Also, my first poached egg was refrigerator-cold and cooked through and hard to the touch. I understand par-cooking poached eggs, but that was one that wasn't even warmed! It was replaced ASAP with an over-easy egg that was obviously freshly prepared. Our server Jen was so genuinely nice, poised and attentive in the busy swirl of brunch! Love the contemporary interior design especially the combo of chartreuse and black/brown; it was modern and contemporary but still funky and cozy. I really liked the glassware and china choices: plain and elegant and sturdy with sleek lines. The booths and comfy chairs complement the table placement and the window treatments were simple, modern, unfussy and fresh. Good diverse music at the right level--electronica and singer- songwriter kinda vibe. The menu offered a great variety to choose from especially the balance between sweet and savory and waffle and not-waffle. Glad we Yelped "Saturday brunch" and saw all the great reviews!
4	Went here randomly on a Friday morning at 7am. Couldn't sleep! Definitely loved the food... We ere the ONLY people in there though! Felt so bad for the waitress cause she said she had been there since 5am and we were her first table!Awesome decor and setup...I had the crab benedict waffle, and my husband had the waffle with chorizo and jalapenos! Absolutely awesome! I hope it gets busier because we definitely want to go back soon! Definitely recommend this place!
4	Perfect amount of food. They don't overdo it with making it super heavy. Get the funky monkey and add stuff to it. I added raspberries and strawberries and it was so good. Seriously the best syrup on the planet. I loved it there. Just factor in some time to wait for seating, this place is and should always be busy.
4	This is truly a one-of-a-kind breakfast place - at least for Pittsburgh. Their specialty is omelets and they feature every kind of omelet you can imagine plus more. If you are in an adventurous mood, you can try the Funky Monkey or the Breakfast Magic. If you are feeling less adventurous, they also have plenty of tamer savory or sweet options. You can also always build your own omelet.The waitress took her time providing us suggestions, which was nice, but the number of options was a bit overwhelming at first. (Really everything was so tempting that it was just hard to choose.)
4	Fun and different! I had the mushroom/chevre omelette, and boyfriend had the spicy chorizo egg waffle thing. Everything there is basically a waffle thing, so if you're "eh" about em, beware that your other choice is basically omelettes. They scored big when I asked for hot sauce and they brought Franks AND sriarcha. Atmosphere is just about as perfect as you can get for a south side breakfast joint. Will go back. Will get some sort of "dessert" waffle thing.
3	Food was very good. I had the monkey waffle with bananas. The service was really bad. We waited over an hour for our food. We were in this restaurant from 10 am to 11:30 am which is ridiculous for breakfast. I would go back for the food but expect to wait a very long time.
5	Do you love a good waffle? Yes. Then Waffles incaffeinated is for you. Not a huge waffle fan? Enjoy a more savory breakfast? Then Waffles Incaffeinated is for you too! This menu has something for everyone. The girls and I recently headed down to Waffles INC for our monthly brunch on a beautiful Saturday morning in the burgh. Southside was just starting to become busy as people slowly awoke from their alcohol induced slumber and meandered outside to start their day. For those of you who were never SS residents, it was 11 am. Waffles INC was packed! Always a good sign. We waited for about 10 minutes and we had a table. I couldn't believe the extensive menu! Waffles with fruit, waffles with eggs, waffle sandwiches, waffle pancakes and just in case their numerous concoctions didn't spike your interest, make your own waffle! Being a sweet lover myself, I chose the waffle crepes with fruit and my usual side of bacon. As we were waiting for our meals, we watched in aww as the funky monkey was delivered to a nearby table with a quarter of a chocolate bar sticking out the top of a large scoop of ice cream. Think a deconstructed waffle cone with bananas. I almost asked to change my order right there. When our meals arrived, I was glad that I stuck with my first choice, the crepes. The waffle inspired crepes were textured and crisp. Not what you would expect from a crepe but delicious none the less. The fruit and cream filled out the dish perfectly. The girls also enjoyed their dishes the pancakes (also waffle inspired) and the eggs benedict. Overall, I can't wait for my next trip to Waffles Inc. Watch out Funky Monkey. You will be mine.
4	Overall I was really pleased.  Things that gave it four stars:-Original, delicious menu-Array of choices-Friendly staff-Cool environment-Affordable prices-1 free refill on all cafe drinksThings that didn't give it five stars:-Outrageous wait - and I'm not meaning for a table.  They told us 15 minutes when we got there, which was fine!  The 15 minutes went by quickly, and my friends and I had already looked at the menu and decided what we wanted before we sat down.  It took awhile to get our drink order taken and we immediately ordered our food because we had been waiting already over 10 minutes once sat.  We couldn't order the potatoes because they were out so we got it replaced with toast.... One single piece of toast to replace a side order of potatoes which really didn't please me but whatever beggars can't always be choosers.  But then after 25 minutes had gone by after working our waitress came over and said the food was taking awhile because they ran out of waffle batter.  RAN OUT OF WAFFLE BATTER.... AT A PLACE WITH WAFFLE IN THE NAME?   We shrugged it off because we were having a good time just chatting about our weekend and then I noticed we had been waiting over 40 minutes for our food!  The waitress did however address the problem and said she would talk to the manager about giving us a discount without us even asking.  We spent almost two hours in there once we sat down.  We then had to remind the waitress that we needed our checks and she ran off after setting them down so we had to wave her down to get it actually paid.  I don't blame the waitress - it seemed as if they were just understaffed for the day.  Maybe they didn't anticipate memorial day being a busy morning or maybe I'm making excuses for them because the food was really good... Regardless I will go back and give it another shot.  The food was amazing, the atmosphere was cool, and the staff was overall friendly and nice.  But waiting over an hour for a waffle and omelet after a night out on the town can really put a cramp on your overall experience.
3	I read review on this place for their Crab Eggs benedict. My friend ordered the benedict and I was a little bit disappointed. I expected a whole waffle but it only came with half a waffle. One egg on each quarter which were very small quarters. The eggs on top are not poached eggs, which eggs benedict is supposed to have. The egg yolk was pretty much hard and it was almost like a boiled egg. My friend complained to the waitress. She explained that it was cooked like that for safety reasons which is ridiculous. I guess they don't serve sunny-side up eggs then? She was nice enough to bring another 2 eggs. They yolk was a little bit more runny but not that much better.I also tried the Waffle Gyro. The waffle itself was really thin, almost like a crepe. It was a decent gyro, a little skimpy on the meat, lettuce, tomato, but the idea of it was interesting. The waffle-crepe itself was soft and buttery.Next time I'd probably try the sweet waffles instead of the savory ones. Looking at the other tables, the sweet waffles seem huge and loaded with toppings.
2	I went here with my husband to have breakfast and really enjoyed their food. My husband mentioned how popular the place was and on week ends there is a line outside of their door - food is that good.I have twins and got stuck at home. I didn't want to bother bringing the babies with me (it would be disruptive to the other patrons) and plus it was raining. I called and a man picked up - did not catch his name (jeremy, maybe?). I asked if I could put in a take out order. He hung up on me. I called again, thinking we got disconnected. He picked up again and after I asked once more about take out, he hung up on me. If they don't do take out or if they were too busy, just say so. Hanging up on potential business does not make sense. Your food is great, but unfortunately, the people you have working for you aren't that great. I'm sure there are a lot of people out there that would still give you business, but I don't believe in continuing to spend my money at a place where it's clear that people don't mind being rude. I schedule a number of events and a large part of my job is recommending places to people - this restaurant just got taken off the list.
3	Not totally thrilled here.Mocha = goodBerry waffle = goodPotatoes = goodCrab Benedict = ick - I had heard how great this was, but I was definitely disappointed.  Mine came out partially cold.  The crab meat was not fresh.  The whole combination was weird.  The egg wasn't right... aren't they supposed to be poached?  I was not pleased.Service = slowDefinitely not my favorite breakfast spot in Pittsburgh.  Also, the waffles seriously pale in comparison to Waffallonia.
5	Came here today for brunch with my sister who was visiting from out of town and my hubby. We had about a 15 minute wait for a table and once we were seated it took another few minutes for our waitress to come over for our drink order.  During the wait we were able to decide on our food and gave our whole order at once.  Our drinks were brought out promptly and remained filled throughout the meal.  We ordered the breakfast magic waffle, the souther' waffle, and the peachy keen waffle as well as an order of the sweet potato waffle fries with a side of the marshmallow fluff jerk seasoning dipping sauce. The waffles and fries took a while to come out, but each plate that came out of the kitchen looked delicious.  When the waffles came out my egg on the souther' waffle was under cooked and the order had to be remade, but was handled quickly. The waffle fries were perfectly crisp and not greasy at all.  The dipping sauce was a perfect sweet counterpart to the fries. The breakfast magic waffle was chockfull of delicious bacon!  I loved it.  The peachy keen was delicious, but was even better when their homemade vanilla syrup was added to it!  Once the souther' waffle returned it was delicious! My husband even preffered it to his breakfast magic!  I will definietly return and can't wait to try the rest of the waffles!
3	Decent.  Some creativity with the waffles, and other waffle-iron-cooked items, but generally in the "more is better" school.  Huge portions of pretty good food.
5	We visited Waffles INCaffeinated with some family from out of town, and boy was it a good choice. There was a short wait to be seated, but we needed that time to examine the menu. Everything looked fantastic. I tend be a particular about what I eat, so it is a rarity to find a menu where everything appeals to me. From the sweet to the savory, they had a wide variety of waffles available. We settled on two savory waffles and one sweet. ( Breakfast Magic and  Souther' for savory, Peachy Keen for sweet ). There was a small issue with the Souther' waffle, as the egg on top was a little undercooked, but this was quickly remedied by the staff. I must say that after having tried three of their waffles, I can't wait to try the rest. The Souther' waffle had a great spicy note to it, the Breakfast Magic didn't skimp on the bacon, and the Peachy Keen was a delicious sweet treat, made even better by their vanilla syrup. We also sampled the side order of sweet potato waffle fries, with a marshmallow fluff jerk dipping sauce. The sauce definitely made the fries worth it, giving a nice balance to the flavor of the sweet potato. All in all, a very satisfying Waffle offering in Pittsburgh. The only complaint I could muster up is that their hours are inconvenient. Their selection of waffles would be a fantastic late-night bite, alas they close at 3pm on weekdays, 2pm weekend.
5	You need to go here!  They have an amazing menu full of breakfast classics that you'd expect, but they also mix things up a bit by offering some of those same classics with a twist like the Southern Waffle with an egg, cheese, sour cream, and salsa,  or Eggs Benedict with crab meat served on a waffle. SO GOOD!
3	I really wanted to like it... It just wasn't very good, took too long, the service was bad, and we had to ask for everything like sugar for coffee, salt and pepper, napkins. Just really unimpressed. I had the BC Breakfast and it was "meh"  and my partner felt the same about the peach something waffles that were their recommended special. The coffee was terrible, that's a bad thing in a breakfast place!Edit: went again and it was a lot better.
5	First timer here, def enjoyed it! Love the set up and menu it's amazing what combos they have here for just waffles! All the food was quickly served and very fresh! We had a very nice server who was attentive to me as a newcomer to this place,
2	Waffles INCaffeinated is one of those places I'm destined to love.  Any breakfast delight I can smother in syrup usually is a win-win for me...  unfortunately, Waffles just didn't live up to the height.I'm not sure if it was the shotty service (the first thing our waitress did was apologize for what she expected to be "a bad day"), or if it was the fact that there was a small horde of fruit and table flies throughout the restaurant, but we were ready to leave the second we got our food.My berry waffle was ok, but I could of made better at a hotel breakfast buffet.  The wife's crab benedict waffle was much better, but the few pieces of crab sprinkled on top of it didn't really justify the name (it must be a reoccurring theme because the table next to us asked for the manager to complain that no crab could be found nor tasted in their crab omelettes).The one saving grace of this place was the fantastic homefries, a medley of blue, russet, sweet, and fingerling potatoes that were perfectly fried.  Judging by the reviews, I'd say maybe we just had an off day, but I likely won't find myself giving it another shot.
5	I really love the sausage and gravy waffles, which are very special and fits Asian's taste. The taste is amazing delicious and I recommend choosing double size without double price. The waffles with ice cream are also popular. What I enjoy most is softy and a little crispy waffles. Also, the latte/cappuccino can be refilled once, which surprises us a lot.I suggest that you should arrive Waffles INCaffeinated early when weekend because the line is always long. Another choice is to go there on the weekdays, which save you a lot of time. I pretty enjoy Waffles INCaffeinated and definitely go there again.
3	The food was good. I had the funky monkey waffle and my friend had the florentine crepes. Both were very tasty and had a very beautiful presentation. My gripes come from other aspects of the resturant. The air conditioner was broken. We sat there in 80 degree sweaty heat as we ate a hot breakfast. It was hard to enjoy the food because the air was so stagnant and hot. They also seemed to have an over abundance of small flys swarming  around the resturant. They got a bit annoying buzzing around our face and down right discussing when they landed on my waffle!!! Rrrrrrr. I was a bit annoyed at that point. The place is a great concept and prices are good. Just wish I had a better first experience. Probably wont be back again.
5	This place was awesome! Best coffee ever!  The waffle appetizer was the best waffle in history!   Then I tried the carnivore omelet but they call it the carnivore O-MY-LET. That was the best thing for a meat lover like me could get. The best part of the meal was the home fries. They were cooked and seasoned to perfection. I would definitely recommend this to anyone looking for a breakfast place in the Pittsburg area!
1	Wow. we went thinking this place was so terrific. service was good,but food was just ok and they didn't have everything on the menu and everything was extra. you get a plain waffle or plain omlet . everything is extra. toppings and fillings. very dissapointing.
4	This place is definitely a go-to if you want a good waffle. All of the waffles are delicious. They also have omelettes and some other breakfast items, as well as a lunch menu. I had and omelette once too, and it was okay, but wasn't anything to rave about like the waffles.One thing that is cool is that they have a bunch of different syrups. They have your normal maple syrup, but they also have a whiskey syrup which isn't as sweet, as well as some other options. Just a warning, if you go on a weekend, be prepared to wait 30 minutes to an hour.They offer to call you when your table is ready, so if you really wanted to you could go walk around Southside Works as long as you don't venture too far away.For as nice as a place it is I didn't expect such as "get them in get them out attitude". I know they get busy, but since it's a little higher end than a diner I kind of expected a little more attentiveness from the staff...but it's okay, because the waffles are so good!
3	My first trip to PA, I came here on my last day in town. There was about a 20 minute wait on a Sunday morning. Not too bad when I realized how small the restaurant was. I felt a bit crowded. The back of my seat was touching the persons at the table behind me. I was intrigued by the savory waffle options but I had to go with sweet. I did the berry waffles. It was good, but a bit small for the price. Not very filling. You have a couple options of flavored syrup, which seemed watered down, in consistency and flavor. The waffles were good, but overall, I wasn't too impressed with the experience.
5	To start, I am not a breakfast person, and I am not wild about waffles. I do like bacon. A lot. But that's about it. This place, however, is bombastic. I came here this past weekend with my visiting mother and my boyfriend. I ordered a waffle with chocolate chips mixed in and fresh blueberries and whipped cream on top. They offer 3 different syrups: maple, bourbon, and vanilla. I went with the maple. The bourbon had too strong of a bourbon taste for me and the vanilla was just alright. My bf got some type of southern-style breakfast waffle thing. I can't even remember what all was on it, but it looked delicious. They both ordered a side of home fries and, let me tell you, they were the most delicious home fries I have ever had.So the food gets 5 stars, but so does the service! Our waitress was very friendly and on top of her game. The music playing was a mix of jazz and funk, which was pretty cool. What made it awesome was the kitchen staff singing rather loudly in the back. You would think something like that would annoy you, but it just added to the experience for us. My mom loved it and nearly choked on her Coke from laughing (she was laughing with you guys, not at you, I promise! :D).Inexpensive and very delicious. 5 stars, go visit now! And bring me a waffle.
3	I am not a waffle or sweets-for-breakfast person 99% of the time. So I knew I was going to be looking to other parts of the Waffles INC menu to find my breakfast. There were actually quite a few non-waffle-y choices, though most of them were on the heavy side (think eggs benedict, monte cristos, etc.) and I really needed something that wasn't going to sit in my belly like a lead weight all day long. I ended up creating my own omelet with ham, cheddar and pico de gallo on the side. The omelet was just the right size and had the perfect amount of ham and cheese - not too much and not too little. Our server was sweet and went out of her way to make sure we were happy. I tried a bite of Rachel C's coconut and berry waffles but they didn't really do anything for me. I would have preferred a little bit of a crunch but these were on the doughy, soft side of the waffle spectrum. Cute restaurant and a fun, if a little bit kitschy, concept. Give them a shot and decide for yourself!
4	I heard through word of mouth that this place was very good.  I checked out Yelp to see some of the reviews and ratings and I was sold.  There was a bit of a wait when I got there with my friend, but it was no problem.  The host took my phone number and told me it would be about 20 min so my friend and I decided to walk around for a little to pass the time.  I received a phone call after about 15 minutes and we were good to go.The decor was really nice.  Didn't strike me as consistent with a place known for waffles, but I'm not complaining! Our waitress was very nice and took good care of us.  We never really had to wait for anything.  I can't remember the name of the dish I ordered, but it was a waffle that was stuffed with peppers and chorizo with an egg on top.  It was amazing.  The peppers had so much flavor and so did the chorizo.  It was delicious.  I asked for the egg on top to be cooked over easy and it was exactly right.  This meal was unbelievably filling and I would recommend it to anyone.They had a little trouble with their credit card machine right at the end of our visit, but they ended up getting it fixed so there was no trouble.  All in all this was a great experience from start to finish and I would go back.
4	You have to check out this new breakfast spot. It allows you to be creative by concocting your own waffle using a variety of sweet and savory ingredients. You can also get a traditional breakfast of eggs, sausages, etc. update: went back again and was disappointed with the amount of time it took between ordering and receiving our meal. Thought it was a flux the first time but it happened again. Also coffee cups need to be bigger.
4	Really enjoyed this place. The chicken and waffles was an awesome new take on a usually heavy dish. The potatoes were crisp and flavorful. The waffles with berries on them were heavy but I'm just not a big fan of so much berry syrup on a waffle. Otherwise great find, will be back.
4	Cool little breakfast/brunch (or more specifically waffle and omelette) spot in South Side. Decor is nice, but feels a little trendy which always makes me nervous - too many places focus just on a trendy theme and not the food. Fortunately Waffles Inc isn't one of those places.I had the "Benny" which is Eggs Benedict on top of a waffle with a BIG juicy slide of ham and sprinkled with (real!) crab meat. This may sound like an odd combo but it actually works really well!Service was very friendly and super fast, will definitely return when I can!
5	I'm in love. I was staying in the Carson Street Commons when I stumbled onto this place. After yelping it, I figured I'd try it out and the place totally lives up the hype. It's small, but comfortable. The service was quick and there was no delay in getting the food to the table. The Eggs Benedict waffles were amazing. One thing to notice though, Yelp says they open at 6am. Nope.  I went on Friday morning at 6am, closed. Walked back at 7am, still closed.... They open at 8am. Also, be aware that they get a hella line!! I drove by it on Sunday morning and there was a line wrapped up on the sidewalk for a couple hours!! I'm actually bummed that there is no Waffles INCaffeinated in San Francisco!!
5	By far my favorite breakfast place in the pittsbburgh area. Great experience every time that i go here. Great staff, great management. You have to try their waffles (obviously) but i havnt found anything on their menu that i dont like.
5	Did you ever take a bite of your dish and think to yourself, I can't imagine how they could even improve on this?? Well I did  just that at Waffles INcaffeinated this morning because I was completely blown away by their Waffle-Copia.  My daughter ordered it too and she was raving right there with me!The Waffle-Copia was a special that I hadn't even intended to order until I saw the specials flyer - I had it down to 3 choices before we sat down because their regular menu is loaded with killer choices. But when you're offering up an apple & fig compote over a sweet potato waffle infused with cranberries and candied walnuts with a pumpkin cream glaze how could I not??? One taste let me know I'd made a stellar decision. The sweet potato waffle was the best ever & there were enough of those delightful figs for every bite. My daughter-in- law's Fosters waffles with bananas, walnuts & ice cream were amazing. Hubby's spicy Souther' was crazy good, especially after he added the Bourbon Maple Syrup to it. I'd order a plain waffle and drown it in that syrup with a huge smile on my face. The coffee was a yummy dark roast, which we loved.We all made comments that their plates were so big they wouldn't fit in any if our dishwashers so be prepared to leave with a full belly! You might even consider wearing your sweatpants here just to be safe. We've been looking forward to trying this restaurant for a while thanks to our Yelp buddies and I'm soooo glad we did!
5	The menu has so many choices I couldn't decide!  So I told the waitress to bring "what ever she likes" - man, was that a great idea..  Had the Southerner - waffle, jalapenos, chorizo and cheese with an egg - man, that will wake your mouth up!
2	i'm usually fine with waiting for good food, but our wait was over an hour. The waitress took ten minutes to visit our table after we were seated, and we waited another half hour after we placed our order.  We also noticed as we waited that this seemed to be the norm. A lot of people were sitting at their tables without food for a very long time. To be fair, my review is only based on one experience.  Unfortunately, they probably won't get another chance from me. The waffles are good... but at the end of the day, they're just waffles. Even with the toppings, they're not worth $9+ and certainly not worth waiting nearly two hours.  With all of the fantastic breakfast joints in Pittsburgh, I don't see any reason to return to this one.
1	We had breakfast here a few months ago after the review in the Post food was great service was good, went back last month still great food service was good ,but the food was wonderful,we went this weekend for my mother-in-laws brithday,(I talked them into it) and what a change.The food was slowwwwwww coming and it wasnt done. Waffels were kind of runny and not cooked all the way,but the eggs were over cooked and almost hard. My mother in law tried the special and since she never wants to cause a problem just didnt eat it.We will never go back again and will tell everyone to avoid this place and keep going on Casron.Lots of other places to try.
2	Overrated. The waffles were not that good (avoid the sausage and gravy waffle at all costs) and the service wasn't stellar either. Like other yelpers I also noticed the fly issue they seem to have...The only reason I didn't give them one star is because their coffee was decent. If you want a great breakfast, head over to dor-stop.
2	Nice decor, slow service, interesting menu, bad waffles.We had high expectation for this place because of the ambitious menu. I don't think you can find savory waffle dishes with fried chicken or egg Benedict elsewhere in Pittsburgh. The Jack Daniels maple syrup they offer for the savory waffles was wonderful too. But the waffles themselves are pathetically thin and soft and very bland tasting. I "made my own" waffle with pico de gallo and chedder cheese, my husband had banana and pecan. Neither of us find the texture or flavor interesting. The decor was fun and clean, service was friendly but slow. I agree with the previous reviewer this place is over-rated. A traditional diner waffle is a lot better and cheaper.
5	Welcome to South Side! Fantastic! I had sausage gravy and home fries. Wow! Sis. Had funky monkey(?).great? Niece had the Benny .love it! We all had pumpkin. Spice lattes excellant. Those home fries are incredible!  We will be back.
3	I think this place needs some kind of intervention. The term 'sui generis' is on the menu,  not just once, but TWICE.  In case you don't know Latin, which most people don't, it means "of its own kind" - I had to look it up, too.Yelp helped me find this place, so I'm returning the favor.  Other Sunday brunch times, we've driven past and saw a line out the door.  It wasn't out the door today and that's good because it's chilly out.  When we got inside, the host's back was to us, because we were instructed to go in through a side door, which I assume is meant to keep people from gathering near tables, but it's just not welcoming to walk into a place where the person I'm supposed to interface with has his back turned to me.Gratuitous technology in restaurants also can drive me nuts.  There was a wait and I was offered to receive a text message when our table was ready.  Red flag for two reasons: I'm going to bet that goes into a database somewhere, and where am I supposed to go to wait? Across the street for some hookah?  Maybe this would be fine in warmer weather, but it also seems like a great way to lose a sale by causing people to wait elsewhere.I ordered the signature savory waffle, the one with bacon, green onions, cheddar cheese and a fried egg.  It was GREAT.  I really enjoyed it, it was something different, tasty, and I was able to finish the portion.  The egg was also cooked to order well, something I consider to be hard to do, especially during a busy period.  My dining partner had a plain waffle and enjoyed that, and we both liked the sides of ham and home fries (many additional points for using a medley of potatoes, which was colorful and tasty!).  The presentation was lovely, too.Overall, the food is good and shows a commitment to high quality product.  So it's too bad that we had a ridiculously long wait for our food on during a brunch service that wasn't even particularly busy.  And then the hair my dining partner found on her plate?  Unacceptable.  First, we were offered a 20% discount, then our whole meal was comped because the waitstaff were so frustrated with the kitchen.  That's where the intervention comes in.  Management, leave the cooking to the professionals, and STAY OUT of the kitchen (maybe even the restaurant - watch what goes on through the fancy POS system and iPads everywhere) -- otherwise, you're going to continue to hemorrhage money when you have to give discounts or comps.  If you want to stay in the kitchen, there's probably always prep work and cleaning to be done.  Or focus on finding ways to improve the people flow so that I don't walk in to the host's back.It's hard to say if I'd return or not - because while I really enjoyed my meal, I don't know if the food was good enough for me to be patient and tolerant of the obvious management issues next time.
4	Great food ... But there were 3 issues1. You can not creat your own omelet 2. Slow services 3. Little bit pricy
4	We came here Saturday morning hoping to use a LivingSocial deal; sadly they couldn't accept it on the weekends but we stayed anyway because dang it I am not one to leave a delicious-smelling, bottomless-cup-of-coffee-serving establishment.  The waffles were fantastic (I had Breakfast Magic and the other person had the sausage gravy waffles) and our server, Jeremy, was friendly and very attentive.Only downfall that I noticed was a slight fly "problem."  I hesitate to say "problem" as there was only a gnat floating around us, it wasn't like a swarm or anything.  I get it, there's syrup, fruit, doors opening, etc, and impossible to control it entirely, but if other Yelpers noted it too......#justsayinWe got here a bit before 10:30 on a Saturday with no wait.  A few minutes after we were seated, there was a line waiting.  While there were people waiting, the tables seemed to remain un-seated after they were cleaned for longer than I'd expect.  Our service was great, though, so all I can say is I'd suggest you come early!Bottom line: great waffles, try the bourbon syrup, ask for Jeremy, and get here early.
2	Ugh. Ok, so I give up on this place. I've tried it several times. The service is always snarky, unfriendly, and rude. Not to mention that it takes 1+ hours to make a waffle at 1pm on a Tuesday??? The food is good, but the place is cramped. It just isn't worth the hassle. Also, good luck using a groupon there...They tack on about 50 rules that aren't mentioned on the actual groupon and it took me 4 tries to get them to actually take it. And then the waiter says "Oh, you are one of them..." Whatever, I didn't sell the groupons that you obviously hate.
4	Interesting waffle creations. Last time we had the thanksgiving waffle: infused with chicken and topped with marshmallows, great combo. Tip if you go with someone.  Get one savory waffle, one sweet waffle, and share
3	Great little waffle/breakfast joint on the South Side.  It was a little pricey and the service was sluggish, but the food was great and the portion was a decent size!
5	absolutely delicious place for breakfast/brunch. the food is amazing with great service. it's basic foods done with a special flair. definitely worth a try if you're visiting the south side.
5	Just what we were looking for - speciality Waffles! We will definitely be return customers! Went on a weekday morning and avoided the crowds. 2 Hour delay equals wafflesincaffeniated!
3	Came in on Sunday morning and the line was out the door. There ability to turn tables was impressive, we were sat within 10 minutes. I had the mega berry waffle with cordial ice cream on top and a side of bacon. My wife had their monte Cristo with side a bacon. She was pleased with her meal, but may not order it again. My waffle was great, it had a lot of flavor and the waffle was able to hold up to the weight and liquid of the berries. My only complaint was that they used frozen berries, but it might be due to the season. We are coming again a week to try their other offerings.
1	I gave this place 3 chances because it is so close to my apartment but I won't be going back. The food and decor is nice. However the service has really ruined this place for me.I do not mind waiting a half hour for a table on a Sunday morning. However waiting 45minutes after placing your food order is unacceptable. We were literally starving by the time we got our food.I ordered the French toast and a side of eggs. The French toast came with a nice butter however there was only a teaspoon size dollop on the side of the plate. I asked for some more and was informed it was a dollar extra. I showed them what a small amount they had given me yet was still charged for an extra topping. On top of this the service was very robotic and snarky. It really is ashame because the food is pretty good but I won't be going back. Also if you get a group on, read the fine print. Only good mon-fri.
4	I been here a few times and tried the Megaberry Waffles and the Breakfast Magic both delicious - only downfall which is responsible for the one missing star is the long waiting time even if tables are free ...
4	I went here for brunch with a few of my friends early Saturday afternoon, and it was very delicious! I've heard a lot of great things about this place, and thought it would be great to take friend who was visiting Pittsburgh for the first time. He thoroughly enjoyed it :)-Funky Monkey Waffles: I would only recommend getting this if you have a HUGE sweet tooth. The waffles themselves weren't sweet, but the added chocolate syrup and huge lump of peanut butter in the middle of my waffles definitely gave me a sugar high afterwards. I liked how they didn't incorporate anything sweet into the waffles. By adding all the sweet ingredients on top, it allowed me to control how much sweetness I wanted to add to my waffles. Highly recommended!-Foster's: My one girlfriend ordered this and she said it was very good. Not too heavy, and just the right amount of bananas on her waffles.-Southern Waffles: My friend from out of town ordered this and he said it was definitely for those who like savory foods. It looked and smelled incredible though - definitely ordering the next time I go!For Coffee Lovers: Bottomless coffee for $2! Definitely a steal :)Tip: This place doesn't take reservations, but if you have an iPhone, you can wait in line by adding your name and party through the 'No Wait' application. I did this and we were seated almost immediately once we got there. If I hadn't reserved my place in line, we would have had to wait for at least 45 minutes, so this was definitely a huge time saver!The only con I could see was when I called to ask if they took reservations, the person on the phone was very rude and hung up on me before I finished asking my questions. My waiter however was extremely nice and helpful - so I'll give them the benefit of the doubt this time around :)
3	As a recommendation of a friend, I decided to check this place out. I arrived on Sunday at 10 AM and the restaurant was already busy! I ordered the funky monkey. It took approximately 45 minutes for it to come, which in my opinion is way too long for a waffle. I was expecting a more crunchy-on-the-outside-and-fluffy-on-the-inside waffle, like a Belgian waffle, but it was plain like the waffles served in my dining hall. Not my favorite consistency. In general I would say that the experience was just okay. The wait was too long and the fire alarm went off for five minutes and the staff didn't do anything. I might go back, but not in the near future.
4	After feeling too much like a regular at some of my favourite spots, I decided to give this place a try and was pleasantly surprised. My first impression of the decor was that it was a little tacky and felt out of place for a breakfast/lunch spot, but I got over it. The restaurant was almost empty (it was a Monday morning) and the server was my kind of server: took our order, refilled water and coffee quickly, and didn't make mindless small talk. I ordered the Funky Monkey and home fries. Both left me satisfied and feeling somewhat gluttonous, but whatever. The home fries were a mix of Yukon gold, purple, and red potatoes dusted in a ranch powder that I could eat every day. The peanut butter chiffon on top the waffle was decadent, light, and sweet with a hint of salt. Yes, please. Overall, I was pleased with the joint. My only complaints are the decor and music selection--it was a terrible mix of early 2000s emo and mid-2000s garage rock everyone listened to in high school. I'll go back.
4	I have been going to Waffles Incaffeinated since they opened in Southside a little over a year ago. There is no denying the waffles are great. They have sweet, savory, and make your own. Offer 3 types of syrup with distinct flavors. They also offer omelets, sandwiches and some other items. I always leave on a full stomach. They have a very good atmosphere. Most issues with the restaurant are pretty normal for a good breakfast place on a weekend. The wait time for a table is usually about 30 minutes. It also is very crowded. It is not the largest space and they squeeze in most tables as possible. This is also a difficult place to go in a group larger than 4 because they really only have 1 table that can handle that many people.My only real complaint is although the main dishes are reasonably priced and filling, sides are very expensive. If you decide to add bacon and potatoes you are suddenly at a $15 breakfast. Good thing is that you are so full you probably won't eat again until dinner. Even with these small issues, I love eating here and strongly suggest it.
3	Went on a Wednesday at 10am.  Only four tables there, but jammed us all in the same little corner.  A little privacy would have been nice.  Service was nice and fast though.  Food was warm and properly prepared.  Had the breakfast magic and a side of mushrooms.  The mushrooms were good, but sides are expensive and everything is a la cart here, making a full breakfast possibly $20.  The waffle was good but not great.  Nothing stood out about it.  Anyone with a waffle maker at home could make the same or better.  The best thing is the bourbon syrup, now that is amazing stuff!  Overall the food was good, not great, but I would come back.  Presentation and decor are good.  I think my biggest complaint is that the place is very hipster and I can not stand hipsters.  Everyone who works there is a hipster and half the patrons are hipsters.
4	Great selection! Best home fries
4	I love the waffles and coffee here! I've gotten the souther, sausage gravy, breakfast magic, and I've made my own. They all were amazing and filling. Will certainly get the funky monkey one of these days. It gets busy and sometimes takes awhile for food so had to only give 4 stars.
5	Hipster waffles are great.  so many different choices.  I got a vanilla bean latte there it was probably the best drink I ever had.  I just wish they were open a little bit later.
5	March 23, 2014Second time here & not my last! Out on a visit to University of Pittsburgh this time with my husband & daughter. We knew this will be our Sunday meal before heading back to Schuylkill County! Again I must say there was a 30-45 min wait but the wait is well worth it so be patient! I went with the breakfast magic this time with an egg over easy! Oh my heaven! Savory waffle goodness! Bourbon syrup was the magic touch to this signature waffle! My daughter decided to build her own. Going savory she added to the inside bacon, cheddar & spinach. Outside was a fried egg & tomato. She too went for the bourbon syrup & was a happy girl! My husband went for a full order of sausage gravy waffle. Gravy was over flowing with sausage. Both my daughter & husband had the fresh coffee. It was good & hot & refilled quickly. Staff is friendly, talkative & keep things moving & fun! I can't stress enough how you must try this place at least once on your Pittsburgh travels! I'm going sweet waffle next trip! Hope to see you there!
5	Waffles INCaffenated is my new favorite breakfast joint on the South Side.  I had the Benny (their take on eggs Benedict), with a side of bacon and potatoes.  This was my first ever savory waffle and it was completely awesome.  The tender, crispy and slightly sweet waffle, underneath the poached egg, with the tasty H sauce all worked together nicely.Now, I'm never ga-ga about anyone's potatoes, but the recos on Yelp were not wrong.  I got a little square bowl of chopped and fried potatoes of nearly every color: purple, yellow, sweet little orange bits...  all perfectly (and surprisingly) well-seasoned!That brings me to one final observation:  there are no condiments on the tables.  None.  I didn't even notice until I was licking my fingers in delight.  A breakfast restaurant that knows how to season food - that's what's up.I'll can't wait to try some of the other menu items, but for now I'm stuffed.  Oh, BTW:  you'll notice I said nothing about the bacon.  It wasn't worth a mention.  It's $3 for three very ordinary slices.  Skip that.  Get the potatoes!
5	Not being a fan of breakfast my expectations were low but upon entering Waffles Incaffeinated I was filled with hope.The atmosphere was relaxed, professional, and very welcoming.  My wife and I arrived at opening on a cold and gray Saturday morning.  We were warmly greeted and led to a nice window table.  Our waiter arrived quickly with coffee, answered a few questions, and provided recommendations for waffle toppings.  I had researched their menu online and knew I was ordering the southwest omelet with hash browns.  The culinary selections of Mrs. Mustard Tiger are far less calculated; she decided on their french toast with foster sauce, topped with bananas, and a scoop of the Funky Monkey.Our food arrived in an appropriate amount of time and was simply amazing.  My omelet was stuffed with spicy chorizo sausage, sweet and hot peppers, cheese, and topped with fresh pico de gallo.  The hash browns, a combination of Yukon gold, red, and purple potatoes, were seasoned exceptionally well and were a pleasant surprise.The french toast was drizzled with fosters sauce and generously topped with sliced bananas.  Their custom ice creams arrived with the slices of french toast in a nice side dish.Everything was packed with flavor, extremely fresh, and prepared exceptionally well.Their standards are obviously set by a competent, knowledgable, and talented team of professionals;   Waffles InCaffeinated is a must visit for anyone in the Pittsburgh area.
4	This is by far the best breakfast place in Pittsburgh. They have sweet and savory dishes to suit everybody. The service is great, I love the way they take your name for the waiting list and give folks waiting coffee. Most people have already left compliments for the funky monkey waffle, which is the best tasting waffle ever but I really love the potatoes. The only thing this place could improve on is the size of the coffee cups. I always feel bad for the servers that so by 3 or 4 times to refill our cups. But not so bad that I stop drinking.
5	I have been here twice now and I find myself always craving it on the weekend. They have a very unique selection of food choices, so you might have to go outside the box. I have had the mega berry which was very sweet, fresh, and yummy. I have also had the Breakfast magic which was amazing. I was unsure about having an egg bacon and cheese in/on my waffle, but it was delicious. I look forward to coming back and trying something else!
3	Lured in by seductive reviews and copious, drool-inducing food porn, my expectations were set high for Waffles Incaffeinated.  We arrived just before 10 on a Saturday morning and were seated in about 2 minutes in a packed house.  We must have timed it jusssssst right because a wait formed after us with guests lining the sidewalk to wait for waffly bliss.On deck - coffee, an order of sweet potato waffle fries with the marshmallow dip, a Souther' and the special.  Coffee was on point.  Very good coffee, hot, and frequently refilled by our attentive waitress.Waffle Fries - fries were standard, it was the dip we were looking forward to!  Unfortunately, the dip came served to us pretty cold, and the marshmallow had set so that it was almost impossible to dip.  The dip was delicious, but serving temperature is key on this one.  Cold marshmallow = high viscosity.Waffles - both entrees were good.  I really liked the Souther', which had plenty of jalapenos tucked IN to the waffle.  I'm not used to having my mouth tingle while eating waffles, which was great.  Sadly, the waffles were a little cold for both my wife's entree and my own.  They were slammed - I get it - but I shouldn't see the cheese only half-melted and cooled enough to re-harden when the plates are being dropped at the table.We enjoyed WI and we'll go back, and I hope the cold entrees and app were just a fluke.  If that's the case, we'll be in 4-star territory on our way to 5.
4	Came to pittsburgh to visit friends and had breakfast here before leaving this blue collar town.  These waffles have a good variety of sweet, savory, and classic waffles.  They also serve up some tasty coffee and lattes.  In addition, they have Bourbon maple syrup for your savory waffles.Next time I come here, I'll get the most interesting thing on the menu...a waffle gyro.  Instead of a pita they wrap the contents in a waffle...sounds like a great brunch item.
5	While I actually had a sandwich and not a waffle, I still loved it. I can't wait to come back for breakfast, lunch, or brunch! Definitely recommend for a fun date and or family fun!
5	We are from out of town and found this awesome little waffle place via yelp.  We were here on a Sunday around 10am, the wait was about 20 minutes (which they notify you by text, I love that!)I had the funky monkey, insanely good!  Great tasting homemade peanut butter, three different syrups to choose from (I had the bourbon) and excellent presentation!I would highly suggest you check it out!  Wishing I was a local so I could come here every Sunday!
5	I must say, Waffles Incaffinated is my new favorite brunch spot. Service is spot on, food comes up quickly, and if you go during peak brunch times, a wait is never a problem because the restaurant will text you when your table is ready. I find this super cool and super smart, considering the location of the restaurant in Southside Works. While you wait, you can grab a coffee elsewhere, or take a stroll around the block without feeling like you're wasting your time in line. Definitely get the Redneck Benny. It is to die for. Everyone else in our group was also super satisfied with their food as well.
3	Meh. Maybe waffle expectation is different for different people. I generally prefer more crunch on the outside with a tender inside. Mine was uniformly limp as though the iron was not as hot as it should have been. My dining companion's crepe may have been a little overcooked since it was a bit hard. The wait staff was excellent and attentive. The electronic software to manage the wait list for seating crashed while we were there so the tables were nearly empty even though arriving guests were told the wait would be an hour or so (Sunday morning). The tables quickly filled after the problem was fixed. My general impression is this is a very nice place for breakfast albeit a bit overhyped.
5	Honestly...This place has the longest wait for tables and food.....And it was worth it. Our waitress was awesome and eager!! Harley was the main reason we will be back. She kept the coffee flowing and had the best attitude. This review could have gone either way and her service was worth the 5 stars!!
5	Incredible service & food. Per my waiter's suggestion I tried the Breakfast Magic waffle (with bourbon maple syrup), and was blown away. 3 full breakfasts & a healthy tip set us back less than $40. It gets a wait list early, but they have a text queue system so you can wander around some instead of twiddle your thumbs. A must-try for those hankering a good breakfast while in town (or if you are searching for a switch from the cash-only diners that are copious in the area).
5	Best breakfast place in Pittsburgh.  The food and service is excellent and it's a great atmosphere.
4	Great coffee!  The South Side location is in the midst of a great youth-skewing neighborhood filled with an eclectic mixture of shops, bars and restaurant. The Souther Waffle (waffle and fried, boneless chicken) is simply outstanding. My daughter loves it. My wife hade the Mega-Berry waffle, which she enjoyed immensely. I had an omelette, which was big, hot and tasty. Reasonable prices for a lot of food.
1	The food here is incredible. I have eaten at this location several times, as well as the original in NewBrighton, PA. BUT; after today, I will never be back. After waiting 10 minutes (with a half empty dining room) for the waitress to bring me and my husband coffee, she finally took our order. 46 minutes later, I was adding yet another dollar to the meter outside, and still hungry. The waitress ignored me as I tried to find out what the issue was.  In the past, they have had issues with defrosting stuff, BUT, they always came out and explained the situation. Today, the waitress was too afraid to come and say anything. Her excuse after my husband cornered her was "there are three tickets ahead of yours."  No "sorry" or "I'll fix it" or ANYTHING. Talk to me, I'm reasonable.  People around us that arrived later had their food. But all we got was a crap excuse. We left, hungry. And now, I'm upset. And I hope they fix this incompetency issue.
4	Food was amazing. We came on a Saturday morning. We were seated right away but we waited over 30 minutes for our food. It was definitely busy but also worth the wait. The portion sizes vary by menu item. The chicken and waffles were the special and they were delicious! Coffee was good. Prices were good too. A must try place!
5	OH. My god. Best waffles. Ever. I got the Breakfast Magic and it was indeed magical. A wizard must work in the kitchen. It was so good, I could have eaten the waffle plain and it still would have been AMAZING.  Eggs, bacon, cheese, and green onions on top of a delicious fluffy and crispy waffle. All the breakfast things I enjoy served in one dish! SO GOOD! I highly recommend this place!
4	Stumbled upon this unique little breakfast spot on a Saturday morning after a business trip.  What a find! Although waffles are featured, they have some unusual omelet and egg dishes. I found the service to be top notch--friendly and prompt.  It can get kind of noisy when busy and some  tables are pretty close together, but overall a great experience.  Definitely worth a stop.
2	After hearing about this place from several people I wanted to try it myself!  The place had a few folks that were dining, no wait to sit.  It was around noon. I was torn between breakfast and lunch. I decided to get "Chicken and Waffles"  after a short wait my food arrived. I should add I did not get the pecans that were supposed to come on them.  Anywho I got the maple syrup that the waiter recommended. The waffle was light and fluffy with a nice crisp.  Nothing to write home about.  The chicken.. was extremely hard.  They were the chicken strips breaded. I honestly Felt like Chevy Chase in Christmas vacation eating that burnt turkey.  Three pieces came with it. ALL three pieces were way over cooked.  I had to say something to the waitress. Her response surprising. She said "yea we get that a lot,  most people  soak it in maple syrup to soften it up" I'm like are you serious?  She continued "it gets hard sitting under heat lamps,  when I have it I really gotta tear into it with a knife" hold up?  Its chicken strips a knife shouldn't be involved. I make fried chicken strips all the time and I NEVER have that problem. This place gets two stars from me based on the "Leather" Chicken strips and the "I know this and it sucks" tude about the chicken.
4	Neat brunch spot. Very creative waffle combinations. The Funky Monkey Waffle is great for people with a sweet tooth...chocolate chip waffle topped with banana, fudge, and peanut butter.
5	Visited here with a friend after waking up a little dazed and confused in the southside. I ordered the chicken and waffles and my friend got the Croque Monsieur. While I didn't taste his dish he said he thoroughly enjoyed it, and it looked pretty appetizing to boot. As for my food it was pretty awesome. A rather large fluffy waffle with several pieces of boneless fried chicken tenders with a really good breading. There were also scallions and pecans strewn about the dish, which I really enjoyed. I also tried the sweet potato fries with marshmallow jerk dipping sauce. Everything was very tasty and there is no doubt waffles inc is a must visit if you are in the southside.
1	If i could give less than one star i would. They got the worst service ever. Not to mention, the food is really bad. The potato fries are cold and very salty everytime.   I came in couple days ago. I waited over 25 min to get seated desipte a table was open outside. Finally a couple walked in ask for a table and joe the manager decides to offer them the table and ignore me. How would that make you feel.
4	The place was packed and the wait was a bit long but the food was excellent and the server was really great. Good location too, we sat outside and it was shady and a nice day. Would definitely recommend.
1	The inside area is very dirty, the service was slow, and the menu was misleading. Don't order the home fries, it's a vegetable medley. The server never came back for our check so eventually we had to use cash instead of card.
5	Oh goodness.  This place is breathtaking.  The food was so delicious I don't think I spoke during eating except to tell my boyfriend how amazing it was. I had the berry waffle and boyfriend had the southwestern style waffle. Both equally as delicious. The owner and chef is an Army Veteran / active duty, I wasn't exactly but either way, it's a good thing. Absolutely recommend!
3	Their waffles are fabulous, however, they sometimes are misleading with their charges--particularly if you're making your own waffle. Be careful, and make sure to ask what the corresponding amount of money your spending to the amount of food put in the waffle if you're on a tight budget. I recommend the Funky Monkey! For their reservations, they use an app, so plan ahead that you're going to Waffles Incaffeinated, because usually there's a long wait.
5	The bomb.com. Their coffee is great. I like my coffee sweet and their regular black roast is a good and sweet brew. The home fries are like NO OTHER. I'm talking gourmet breakfast potatoes. They use regular potatoes, sweet potatoes, baby reds, basically every potatoes and the potatoes are cooked in delicious seasonings with sour cream cooked into them. OMG so good I can't even. The megaberry waffle is to die for. I took a bite and I said "Omg I think I just died." And they have this ridiculously amazing homemade VANILLA BEAN SYRUP. WHAT??? YES. So good. I use the No Wait app whenever I plan on going to sit down and eat because you get seated quickly and don't have to wait. I order out quite often though and one time the waffle boy chased me to my car to give me the side of vanilla bean syrup they forgot to put in the bag. So nice!!! Love it. Go there.
5	I went to Waffles Incaffeinated with my roommate, as we live near it. Be prepared for a  wait! They use the NoWait App, so I suggest putting your name in before you head on over! Both times I got the Souther' Waffle because it was JUST THAT GOOD. Service takes a little longer than normal, but I'm attributing that to how busy it was both times I went. Overall, great place to go if you have some time on your hands!
2	I have heard good things about this place but I couldn't confirm those myself. I noticed that when they wiped off the tables they just pushed all the food bits onto the floor and they set the menus down before the tables dried so they had the smell of cleaner. The menu sounds amazing but it mostly falls a bit short. I ordered the fosters waffles and they were ok. I also got sweet potato waffle fries and they were nice band crispy. However the marshmallow dip that comes with them is awful. Plus it is not really something you can dip a fry into because it's so firm. I think they should reconsider this sauce. My husband ordered the blt sandwich. He thought it was fine except for the special seasoning they dusted the outside with. Our waitress was so miserable. She seemed to disappear after the initial how is your food check and so I waited about 15 minutes to ask for syrup. After another 5 minutes, she still hadn't returned and so my husband went and asked her again.Our clothes wreaked of grease when we left. I wish it had been a better experience but I don't think I could even give it a second chance. I would recommend hiring more competent staff and revisiting the menu options. It is a good concept but poor delivery. And I really love waffles so I'm pretty sad about the experience.
4	Came here on a Sunday and was surprised there wasn't a long wait like everyone had mentioned. I guess we just beat the crowd by getting their at 12:30 and signing into no wait at noon. Lots of built your own waffles, sweet and savory waffle dishes. I ordered the funky monkey with chocolate chips in the waffle, peanut butter chiffon dollop on top, then drizzled with chocolate. Definitely too much for me to handle when I got this giant plate in front of me. I do wish the waffle could be a little crispier on the edges.Wanted to order the chicken and waffle, but the chicken is grilled. Waitress mentioned they will expand that to fried chicken. Not sure how I would feel about that since the you come out of the place smelling like an oily diner already. I would check this place out again.
4	My favorite place for breakfast. Usually come on a Saturday and Sunday morning with my roommate. I almost always get the Souther' Waffle....it is amazing. The bourbon syrup they provide for it is to die for. Really like how they do there waiting system, we usually walk around a little bit waiting for their text message to tell us the table is ready. Never really have had a long wait, its always been shorter than what they've told us. Service is fast and the food is delicious!
5	Run don't walk to eat here!!!  I LOVE breakfast food and this is one if my new favorite places to go.  There was a short wait to be seated on a typical Monday morning. Once we were seated and ordered the waiter told us it would be a bit of a wait for our food because they were so slammed. I appreciated the fact he was honest. But let me say that the food was worth the wait. I ordered the Very Berry waffles and my son ordered the Breakfast Magic. We shared. I think we inhaled them. LOL. The Berry waffles were packed with berries, had berries on too, and coveted with a mountain of whipped cream. You really don't need syrup but IF you think you need some I would suggest the Vanilla. As for the Breakfast Magic-it comes out looking just like the photo. The perfect bite is waffle, plus, a tiny but of sour cream with a bit of the Bourbon Maple syrup. Too die for!  We will definitely be back!!!
5	My little perforated, syrup-filled heart is full every time I come here!It has great food and it's not too expensive. Mondays they have "Magic Monday," where you can get the breakfast magic waffle (bacon, cheese, egg on top) for $4 (maybe $5? I forget). This place also might have my favorite breakfast potatoes in the whole city. Yeah, I said it. They are just like I want them to be: crispy on the outside and pillow-y soft on the inside, just like a french fry. This gal's no fan of soggy home fries. Another fave is the P-wedge: a pita grilled like a waffle, slathered in cream cheese and topped with arugula, grilled tomatoes and capicola (I think you can choose other meats though, but why would you want to?!).Just go, it's delicious. Give them your money.
5	A pretty significant wait on a Saturday around brunch, but since they take reservations just call ahead.  The food was good and was skillfully / artfully presented.  Very pleasing to the eye.  My only critique--and this could have just been me / a fluke--is that my Funky Monkey (one of their most popular dishes) was served to me ...warm... As if it had been sitting around for a while.  Granted, I was in a decently large group and they could have been waiting for other dishes to finish before bringing it out, but for something so wonderfully put together, I would expect it to be served in such a manner too.This hiccup didn't stop me from giving the place a 5/5 stars.  Eat up!Oh, and P.S. The cappuccino with Bourbon flavor shot is Devine--in my humble opinion.
3	Nothing to complain about, but I would say there are other restaurants that serve up pretty much the same things as Waffles Incaffeinated.  So, unless I was in the area or lived nearby, I probably wouldn't come back.The menu is a decent size, but I did expect to see more inventive and varied uses of the waffle, considering this is the premise of the restaurant.  There's basically two kinds of sweet waffles (berries or a combo of bananas and chocolate) or a few savory waffles (a normal breakfast with a waffle thrown in).  The waffles themselves are also nothing spectacular.  It almost tasted like the waffles were just microwaved.  They weren't golden brown or with that nice crisp crust, but instead more soft and chewy.  Now for the positives, as I did, overall, enjoy my meal there.  The service is quick and you can use the "No Wait" app to put yourself on the waitlist.
1	Went there around noon today and they were out of waffle batter. It's right there in your name folks. That was unbelievable.
3	We decided to stop here for brunch and learned that they were out of waffles. This was 1130am on a Sunday. They do have other items on the menu, which u got a blt and my friends substituted toast for waffles. The food was good, but not mind blowing. I wouldn't be opposed to coming back trying the waffles, perhaps it will earn this place more stars. The waitress was very friendly and on top of things. I will have to comment on how hot it was in there, they turned on the air but it just seemed like we were really hot for a few minutes then, we got chilly. Not a bad place, I would go again, hopefully, they will have waffles.
5	I wish I could dine here every week, I can finally say that after being here four times and having an absolute wonderful meal each time! On my most recent trip I tried their omelet, I figured I should change it up a little! I had the Southwest, which was sooooo good. A little too spicy for my liking, but this was my fault for not asking for it without the peppers. Lesson learned. :) Their homefries were probably in the top 3 I have ever had!! A wonderful mix of white, sweet and purple potatoes. They were not fried or greasy, but instead like little puffs of potato pillows. SO good!! I'm already looking forward to my next visit!! It's also a great place to take out of town guests. The decor is nice and the meal will not disappoint!
4	The wait was a half an hour long but well worth it. They don't have their liquor license so I was bummed that I couldn't get a bloody Mary. The waitstaff was great the food was great, no complaints at all
4	Love love love this place! I had lunch with a friend and Harley was an excellent server. They weren't super busy and we did have a few lulls in service but overall had a great experience. I'm a simple eggs over medium girl. The grilled mushrooms & tomatoes are amazing but the real deal are the home fries - yams, purple potatoes, little bit of grilled onions... Incredible! The coffee is good and they have to go cups so you can take some with you. Excellent.
3	I'm an egg person for brunch, so while the choice to come to this place did not appeal to me, it would definitely appeal to those who love their sweets and whipped cream!Coffee was ordered all around, and our party of four placed orders for the benedict, gyro, berry waffle, and a customized omelet of ham, cheddar, and mushrooms.And then we waited. One cup of coffee down (add a shot of gingerbread....so good!), a Yelp check-in, and a few checks on the Facebook feed later, and we were still waiting.And we kept waiting! The place was busy, but our eyes were jealous seeing plates go to other tables. And we were starving. This was not helping. Guess we'll talk about how hungry we are!30 minutes went by, and we finally got our meals. While others enjoyed their meal, I was slightly disappointed. My eggs benedict with crab sounded awesome on the menu, and I was expecting some sides or just a mountain of poached eggs over two large waffles. My dish was half the size I was expecting! I left hungry, and I was pretty sad. And waiting for the check took some time, too.I will say that the berry waffle looked pretty amazing, so if you're willing to wait, I'd come here. I was just way too hungry to wait 30 minutes. You could get an oil change, an express mani or pedi, or write several Yelp reviews in that amount of time!
3	In the Southside, breakfast options tend to be limited. I really went to W.I. because I love the coffee they get from Beaver Falls Tea and Coffee. The waffles were neat with many toppings, but they weren't the best I've had. The breakfast wasn't bad at all, it just didn't exceed my expectations for the area and the pricing.
