5	We tried going here before lunch at Tropical Smoothie Cafe on sunday, but it was closed. So when the rep walked in the cafe to get something, I told my husband that he should ask him if the store was opening soon. As luck would have it, he said he'd be glad to help, in a few minutes. So, when we finished our lunch, we headed over. The office smelled so good- it was tropical plug-in. Anyway, the small but nicely situated store is square shaped, and the six or seven padded chairs are along the wall of the entrance. Steve, the one we saw at the cafe, was eager to help out my husband with his Blackberry- the battery was a little wonky. So he tested it, and it was perfect. So he applied the updates, and said if there was anything else, he could do for him, to stop by. He was very nice. The other rep was nice too. The visit lasted a few minutes, but it made a lasting impression. Customer service is the number 1 priority here.The location is kind of hidden, since it's in a strip mall (where most of the stores are closed, on the other side), next to Metro PCS and Sally Beauty Supply Store, facing Pecos. We just happened to be in the area, getting lunch. But otherwise, I wouldn't have known it was there.
1	This store and store #17 is the worst store of customer service! I'm totally a brand new consumer who is trying to switch carriers - obviously the entire "Authorize" ownership has pleasant or smooth communication between one or the other.I constantly was sent back and fourth - the sales rep are not very efficient or informative. I will never refer business to these locations PERIOD. Next - contacting their corporate office and filing a formal complaint due to their extremely displease with their service and discourteous attitudes for trying to provide them my business.
1	I'm giving them ZERO stars for their overall service went in to sign a new contract with Sprint & get 3 EVO 4G phones. They (including the asst. manager who signed us up) told me that Sprint is no longer making those phone because of issues and that we could get the new EVO 4G Design for the same price. I reluctantly got 3, but they only had 2 in stock so I paid overnight shipping for the 3rd. I didn't get the 3rd until 3 days later & called them everyday to find out if the phone came in. When I asked about a refund for the shipping difference, the asst. manager said they were unable to do refunds & I would get it on my mail-in rebate which he forgot to give us when we signed our contracts and I had to remind him about. When I called Sprint to inquire about that, they said the store should have refunded me & I would NOT see it on my rebate. Since we have had the phones, they black out during calls & you cannot hang up 3-4 times a Faythe only way to get your phone back on is to take the battery out. When I called Sprint about it, they said they are still making the EVO 4G & that there are no none problems with it. I am so disappointed that the asst. manager at this store told lie after lie! Now I have to take all 3 phones in to another store to have them "troubleshoot" what could be going on. To top it all off, they were unable to migrate our phonebooks on our old phones for 2 of them. They also would not import over our photos from the old phones and said if we wanted to do that, we would need to drop all the phones off with them & leave them there for a few hours. It's funny because Best Buy can do it in minutes. And lastly, I asked them if they would cancel our account on our old carrier & the asst. manager said no problem. After 4 days of our old phones being still on, I called the store back & the asst. manager told me I would need to call our old carrier & do it & that he got "confused". Who would make such a moron an asst. manager is beyond me. Although he was nice, he obviously had no idea what he was doing. Just goes to show that no matter how nice you are, if you have no idea what you are doing, then it doesn't matter. DO NOT GO TO THIS STORE!!
1	I'm really displeased with the service that this location provides. I entered this store upon yesterday and no one even acknowledged that I am alive. No hello. No how you doing? No welcome to sprint....NO NOT ONE WORD.I waited 45 mins before someone spoke to me the Rep George is just useless after I paid for my monthly services I was not given a receipt. I was told by this rep that I should wait up to 4 hours for the payment to post to my account on sprint.com (Rolls my eyes) I have to say I was not going to leave this building until I had a receipt. I told him that I will wait for one then he told me his machine was down and he would send me a email. (Left to feel as if he was trying to pocket my 164 dollars I said sure but I wont leave be leaving until I see the email.) Another 35 to 40 mins go by and I'm told we will print you out one. He did not have my cell number nor did he ever ask for my address so I am left to ponder how he will make all this happen. So he ask me all my info and he printed out some well he called it a receipt. Ok at this point I'm very ANGRY because 15 mins to 20 mins later i'm given a receipt with no address no phone number but what it does have is a misspelled name so (This still makes me mad as heck) Being that I was not getting any service I asked for the manager and what do you know the young lady standing next to George is a manager hear me when I say she was just standing their looking stupid. Just seeing me get angry and doing nothing but pecking on a laptop like she cant type. (See I didnt need help from Ana Bermudez) That's her name by the way. I called from my cell phone 611 and the sprint rep on my phone was very understanding as to why I was ANGRY and wanted to help me out ASAP so he called  the store where I was. (Keep in mind I'm only feet away from these people.) George answers the phone and says that the manager Ana Bermudez is with a client and hangs up on my sprint rep. I let the sprint rep know that Ana Bermudez is standing on about a foot away from me and is most def NOT with a client. He made notes in my account and said it was safe for me to go ahead and exit the store. I said NO way. I'm sorry NO can do. I requested my 164 back but was told they cant give a refund. I recalled my BFF use to contact the CEO of Sprint if she herself had any issues with Sprint. So I called her and got the CEO of Sprints email all a sudden when I said his email address aloud Sam Alias the general manager comes out the back and helps me and gives me a receipt and it only took about 3 mins. Its sad that I had to  jump thru hoops to get something that is due to me for being a Loyal customer. I have no idea what kind of trick o ree these people are up to but I will NEVER go back here Ever. I will also send the CEO a copy of this review He needs to know how I was treated and how my time was wasted 3 hours in a Sprint store is just sad.  I was only their to pay a bill :(
4	When it comes to customer service from big business, I go in ready to rip someone's head off.  Just a reflex from years of horrible service from phone companies, insurance companies and the like.  That being said, we had a very complicated task to do over the phone with my mom being in another state and trying to do a 5 person family plan.  I told the girl straight away that I had a difficult project to accomplish.  Our plan has to be set up just so because our employers pay part of our bill.  She said, no problem and started working on the task, also working together with the manager in another state and getting all our new phones ready.  We were in the store nearly 2 hours, but we were patient and pleasurable, as was the other staff smiling and chatting.  A "weird" guy even comes in and annoys the people with his "phone nerd" chat and they were even very nice to him, although he was even annoying me and I wanted him to leave.  I hope that Sprint can keep this up because our Verizon service over the years was horrible.  Too many large companies have a "you need us, we don't need you" attitude.  I am doubtful that Sprint will keep us this first impression for the 15 years we were Verizon customers, but I hope so.
1	Was hoping that this one would be quicker than the one on Flamingo. Given that it was a Sunday and there was only one other customer, we thought we got lucky. Unfortunately, it took quite a bit to flag down the employee and finally make eye contact. I told him we tried to make an appointment but the sprint app is useless and kept erroring out and would not let us login. He said he would be with us in 5 minutes. After 15, we had to give up and leave or we would have been late to work. Now we have to spend the next couple of days with a brand new phone that cannot power on because we cannot spare the hours it takes to go and wait at a sprint store.
5	Great service always. See Landon if he is working. If not, everyone there is super nice and efficient. Even you are just asking a question. This is always a better choice than a corporate store any day. Sales, services or troubleshooting, they can help.
4	Since I work on Saturdays and don't get off until late, I called the store on my break to find out their hours. I spoke with Mika who was the most helpful person ever! not only did she give me hours she answered my questions and set an appointment with me for when I got off of work. When I arrived the store was packed and I was greeted warmly. Everyone that works there was super nice, very knowledgeable and super patient. By the time I had finished with my purchase, not only was I extremely happy with my ultimate purchase (IPhone 6 128G) I was very happy that I decided to come to this particular store to do it.
1	I had the WORST customer service experience at the Sprint Store on Pecos and Russell. The employees were completely unknowledgeable, and Torrie the manager was absolutely incompetent. They lied about their product, services, and inventory, and routinely tried to up-charge myself and other customers while I was in the store. Warning: AVOID THIS STORE AT ALL COSTS!!!I recommend going to a corporate Sprint Store such at the Sprint Store on Flamingo and Maryland, as they care about customer relationships. The "Sprint Store by Wireless Experts" on Pecos is run by an unprofessional staff who don't know their elbows from their sassholes.
5	We met with Angel, one of the specialist here at Sprint. We were impressed with the customer service rendered to us by him. He was professional, polite, patient and answered our questions with ease. Thanks Angel. Keep up the great work.
