4	Finally a good BBQ place in the southwest! Buzz just opened up about a week or two ago. It's owned by 3 guys and this is their second location (the original place is off of Craig Road). I stopped by and ordered a brisket sandwich ($8.00) to go. As I waited I chatted with the hostess and one of the owners. Both were incredibly nice and raved about some of their specialties. The brisket didn't disappoint. It was a huge mound of soft and tender beef brisket on a sesame seed bun. The BBQ sauce that accompanied it had a little kick to it but was also a little on the sweet side... maybe a little too sweet. But, it was still a delicious and filling sandwich. Their fries are also excellent.I'll definitely be back to try some ribs and pulled pork. They had their smoker set up on the patio so the whole parking lot had that amazing BBQ smell.
5	Today had the Texas  tornado sandwich (brisket,pulled pork and sausage) side of fried okra . The sandwich is piled high w/ meat . I admit I used a knife and fork to tackle this huge endeavor .  The  meats were tender and juicy like I said on my previous visit  the brisket is one of the best I ever ate     Service always nice and friendly, in fact mike one of the owners came out to ck on things . Second time I've been at this location in a week ,both times mike came out to chat with diners.  My wife enjoyed her brisket sandwich so much , she ordered one for her lunch for the next day, when mike found out he instructed the cook to seperate the bun and meat so it would keep better. Is that service or what, shoot i'm gonna bump um up a star they earned it, 5 stars baby
5	Love my BBQ! Growing up in Texas, where a brisket sandwich was a regular thing, finding a place that knows how to bring out the flavors of true smokey BBQ here in Vegas was a surprise. We first went to Buzz's back when they first open on Ann street, if you were one of the first few to remember this location, it was a small operation with the owners friendly and easy to talk with. If you ate the whole Texas Tornado, you could sign the wall. My hubby and I did that a few times. After their move to the location off Craig, we never made it back. But just the other day, we went to Carl's Jr and right across the street, we saw a big sign advertising Buzz BBQ opening soon. So the day after opening we were there. The newest location is now Tropicana and that's just a hop, skip, and jump from our house. And true to the original place, the brisket is perfect! It's tender and juice, with just a little fat left on for both the flavor and the moisture. It melts in your mouth. I know we'll be in regularly.
5	This place is awesome. I just got back after having the Texas Tornado w/baked beans on the side and it was all excellent.Service was friendly, meat was all cooked properly with a great flavor, and their BBQ sauces were very tasty.  They've got both a Hot and Mild version in bottles on the tables, but the baked beans taste like they're made with the Hot variety - tasty, but something to keep in mind for those who don't like spicy stuff :)I will definitely be going back to try their ribs.
5	I love Buzz BBQ, I've seen it for awhile grabbing In & Out. This takes the cake for bbq in Las Vegas for me. I've tried Famous Dave's, Memphis BBQ, and even Tc's ( which I'm not that happy with). The service is great, walking in, the host is hilarious. The owner makes you feel at home, and wanting to come back. It wasn't that busy when I came in on a Thursday afternoon. They have a lunch special right now, if you buy a lunch meal, you get another free.Let's get to the food part. The beef brisket was moist, and pulled pork melted in my mouth. Everything had that smokey bbq appeal, not greasy like certain places. The mac and cheese was on point, no so cheesey but creamy. I will definitely go back to this place :)
4	Let me just say first off that Buzz BBQ is a pretty good place to eat. For $14.99 you get all you can eat ribs which are pretty spectacular! I went with a group of people and we got 1lb. of pulled pork, a rack of ribs, and 1 lb. of brisket. We also got 1 side of BBQ beans and a side of sweet potatoes fries which are SO AMAZING!!! Everyone needs to try the sweet potato fries! The place is a good place to eat and is real tasty. The only minor critique is that the meat is darker than other restaurants, and unlike like Famous Dave's which has 4 different flavors, you only get a choice of mild and hot BBQ sauce for the ribs. Still, Buzz BBQ is a great place to eat, and you can't go wrong with the price!
4	Whereas Famous Dave's accommodates for those who like a lot of different, robust flavors and a buzzing atmosphere, Buzz BBQ is simple, and more laid-back with a mom-and-pops feel to it. The barbecue is traditional and reminds one of simpler times. Notable orders from my experience were the sweet potato fries, which were crispy, sweet, and delicious; and the brisket, which was juicy and tender. The ribs weren't to die for, but had a classic smoky taste that less traditional places seem to have forgotten about.
5	I am so full!  Full and happy!We went to Buzz tonight because Famous Daves just didn't sound great, even though I love their wings.  My boyfriend is a bigger BBQ fan than I am, so I was wary because most items are too salty for me.They are currently offered a $19.99 deal for two people, you get to choose 3 meats, 2 sides, 2 desserts and 2 rolls. We chose the ribs, beef brisket and pulled pork for our meats and bbq beans and sweet potato fries for our sides.  The desserts are homemade cobblers that you need to order 10 minutes before you want them to be ready with homeade ice cream! The meats aren't pre-sauced, so you can pick the sauce and how much you use. The ribs were huge, with tons of meat and the meat actually did fall off the bone (sick of places saying their ribs are tender when you need real canine teeth to tear at the meat), the brisket was so tender we couldn't pick it up with a fork and the pulled pork was perfect.We also ordered sweet tea and it got weak after a few refills, but it was still very very good and the sweet potato fries were sprinkled in a nice covering of cinnamon sugar and were addicting.The cobblers were also amazing, they are individual sized it seemed and my boyfriend got the blackberry and I got the apple.  The blackberry was better tasting, but the apple had an amazing cobbler top. The ice cream on top, you could tell was homemade.Our waitress was as nice as could be, and the other one also seemed very friendly.  Things seem to be a little disorganized, but the food baby I am currently carrying  was totally worth it.
5	My girlfriend and I were in the mood for some BBQ since we hadn't had any great ribs since summer 2010.  After reading the reviews here, we decided to try it out.  We were definitely not disappointed.We went at about 3PM on a Wednesday, so needless to say, it was pretty empty (post-lunch, pre-dinner hours).  The staff was very friendly and the blues music in the background was at a very comfortable level (it was mostly Stevie Ray Vaughn, fyi).  We ordered a special they have which lets 2 people eat for $20.  It included 3 meats, 2 sides, 2 rolls, and 2 desserts.  We had the ribs and brisket, then asked the waitress to choose the 3rd based on what she thought was the best.  Winds up, she chose the pulled pork.  It was all excellent and cooked perfectly.  There were two kinds of sauces (mild and hot), but we stuck with mild since it tasted so good - didn't even need the hot.  Our sides were the mac & cheese and the fried okra, both of which were very good.   For dessert, I had the apple cobbler and my girlfriend had the blackberry cobbler.  I was a little bummed that they didn't have pecan pie on the menu, but the cobblers were delicious nonetheless.  My only complaint about the place would have to be the portion sizes of the sides and the desserts.  Although, the sizes were about what you might expect for the price we were paying (2 eat for $20).  The desserts felt the same way - if I had ordered the dessert outside of the deal, I probably would have expected them to be a little bigger.  But, for what we got, it was more than fair.  Overall great experience.  This will definitely be our bbq place in the future.
4	Really, really good. We stumbled in here without seeking any reviews, and it worked out great. The ribs are smokey and succulent, pulled pork nicely fatty, and the andouille sausage was first rate. Had a limited number of sides--potato salad quite tasty, mac and cheese was just meh. For dessert, I'd avoid the peach cobbler--too sweet, too much cinnamon. But he raspberrty was really nice.
2	C'mon Vegas.....Seriously....15 reviews and all 4 and 5 stars...Clearly, Vegas is severely deprived of good BBQ.  I was so hopeful and excited to read the reviews and after the first bite I knew I was crushed.We got the AYCE for 14.99, extremely reasonable, but the ribs really dissapointed.  They were dry, lacked smokiness and flavor.  Good BBQ is moist and the flavor should be able to stand on its own.  If you want to drench sauce on it, then it should be good with it too.  Both the sauces were really sweet.  I tasted the Hot sauce and thought the bottles were switched.I wanna give this place 1 star but our server was really nice.  That and I'd probably get flagged since 15 of you people somehow gave this place 4-5 stars.I couldn't even eat a second plate and all I wanted to eat were the sides which were sub-par.  After finishing the meal, we trekked down Tropicanan all the way to Maryland till we found an eager homeless person to give our left overs to.  Hopefully he enjoyed it :0
3	The food is okay.. Haven't tried that many BBQ places in the area. The pulled pork had good flavor, and was moist. The chicken was dry. The desert was pretty good though. I typically don't eat cobbler, but it came with our meal. I chose the peach. The cobbler was warm, and the contrast with the vanilla ice cream was delicious. It had a great crumble on top.I've had better BBQ in other cities outside LV, but this one will fulfill that BBQ craving way better than Famous Daves.
5	Clint's ROTD reminded me i'm not only waaaay behind on posting reviews but especially lax in showing some YELP luv for some of our better local establishments and people...BUZZ DESERVES OUR LOVE !!!With very limited exception, i've eaten at every BBQ place in our fine Valley - Buzz is the best ...HANDS DOWN !  And people - spare me all the bullshit comparisons to Texas, Kansas City, Memphis, blah blah blah - for crying out loud - we all know Vegas ain't a BBQ mecca but there's still some worthy places ... well... at least one ! My last two visits to Buzz involved a great special they had going ( pic attached ) $20 for 3 meats, 2 sides, rolls, and 2 desserts.  We tried the pulled pork, the ribs, the brisket, links with the sides of mac n cheese , cole slaw, beans, the potato salad and the sweet potato fries.The meats were all damn good - my fav - THE BRISKET .the sides - yeah, i gotta admit somewhat average, the slaw is good and the beans, too.  mac n cheese - very boring, but it's all about the MEAT !But i gotta admit, the blackberry cobbler was a great finish to the meal, a great finish !Buzz hasn't been too busy the several times i've been there - i'm hoping this place holds on because it is worthy of our love.
1	Probably should be renamed to Bust BBQ. This place is no good. I was looking forward to it because of all of the great reviews, but obviously those people eat McDonalds on a regular basis and they're judging this place on the McRib.  When I think of BBQ places I think first off, the sauce has to be good enough to drink. I made the mistake of trying the sauce before I got my food. Eww.  The ribs and tips were really fatty, which would be okay if they tasted good, but they didn't. Everything was waaaaayy to smokey.  The sides were mediocre at best and the rolls were terrible.  I was shocked that cornbread wasn't even on the menu. The only option is stale Hawaiian rolls.If you have ever been to a great BBQ place, i.e. in Texas or Dinosaur BBQ, then you will majorly disappointed.  I was sick the whole night and next day after I ate there.  My suggestion, is get a steak, lather it with some store bought BBQ sauce and grill it yourself.  This place is TERRIBLE.
4	This place gets the thumbs up for their moist and savory pulled pork alone. The brisket is a runner up for me with the right balance of tender and fatty meat. The ribs were smoky but a tad dry and, honestly, a little too smoky. The cure was adding some sauce, but that's a band-aid on the problem.They have homemade cobbler that is absolutely incredible--I go for the blackberry. Once you get to this dessert, you'll stop talking as you race to eat it all before the delicious vanilla ice cream amalgamates into your cobbler, creating an intoxicating pool of sweet love.
4	I got the BBQ for two with rib tips, pulled pork, beef brisket, together with slaw and sweet potato fries.  The slaw was a bit different shredded cabbage with vinegar in lieu of mayo, but was pleasantly tart and tasty.  The sweet potato fries were perfectly fried and arrived nice and hot.The meat was the star of the meal, rib tips with just the right amount of crisp burn, the pulled pork was nicely smoked and tender, and the brisket slices were beefy/fatty in the right proportion.I had peach cobbler and my friend had blackberry cobbler with vanilla ice cream.  Both were good.The only fault was that my ice tea (non sweet) was a bit off.  I find this is a common fault in locations/stores that are fairly new until they get the hang of making it and also washing the containers properly.All in all a tasty meal and I will be back.
4	OK, so it's not the *best* BBQ I have ever had, but when you live in San Francisco (where there's a huge gaping lack of good BBQ), then this will seriously work. The portions are huge, the food is tasty, service is friendly, and the prices are reasonable. If you want a no frills, down home BBQ in Las Vegas - go have you some Buzz!
5	Just try the brisket.  You'll be talking to yourself its so dang good.   All themeats are fantastic even without sauce.  That's.good bbq.
5	Oh my, what can I say?  I love BBQ & the dry rub style of BBQ is my fave.   If you prefer your BBQ on the 'wet' side, move along, you will not be happy here.  What hit me first upon entering the door was the sweet smell of the smokey BBQ meats.  MMmmmm, my mouth just watered thinking about it.  Second thing you notice is the decor.  It has a bit of a western barn motif going with murals that make you feel like you are out on the range, escorting a herd of 'dogies' to the auction house.  Plus there are several large screen TVs, showing a number of sports games, situated in such a way that there isn't a bad seat in the house.As for food.  They don't have a lot to choose from, but honestly, I find that more appealing.  No need to muddy up your options.  This is BBQ land, after all.  Just give me some Beef, Pork, Chicken or Sausages and I'm happy.  Now, I've had the Rib Tips, Pork Ribs, Pulled Pork, Beef Brisket, Andouille Sausage & Catfish.  I'd suggest each one, but...If I had to pick my top three, they would be Beef Brisket, Pork Ribs and Pulled Pork.  Both the Brisket and Pork Ribs are so soft, juicy and tasty.  You will enjoy them without adding their home made BBQ sauce.  The pulled pork, while being a little 'wet', isn't overly sloppy with the sauce.  You can still taste the smoke and rub.  If you do want it sloppy, just grab some BBQ sauce and make it as sloppy as you like (This goes for any of the BBQ they have.)  For sides I'd suggest the BBQ baked beans.  Now, desert...You have a choice of 3 cobblers, Peach, Blackberry and ?.(Yea I can't remember the third flavor.)  As I love blackberry cobblers, I can't tell you much about the other two flavors.  But what I can say, if they are nearly as good as the blackberry, you will thoroughly enjoy them.  Don't forget to go 'ala mode', you will not be disappointed.The $20 for 2 people special has to be the best deal around.  3 meats, 2 sides and 2 deserts for $20?  No way!  They must be skimping on the portions to afford that.  Not a chance!  You still get more than enough food.  If you are really hungry, then might I suggest you go the 'AYCE' route?This has become our 'go to' restaurant.
5	My fav here in Vegas.  Nice smoky meats that have that dry treatment.  Not like that sweet wet sloppy mess they serve at Dave's.  The $19.99 special for 2 is the best meal deal in Vegas.  You will have leftovers.  You will eat them later in the evening while sitting on the kitchen floor in your underwear.
5	I will keep this short and simple. My buddy and I wanted were down there for the World Series of Poker and we wanted some good BBQ. We looked them up on Yelp and decided to go there. We got there about an hour prior to closing and the waitress that helped us out was so awesome... Seriously the best service I have had in years. We got the 2 for $20 and added another meat and side. We got brisket,ribs,chicken and sausage. They were all great but the sausage and brisket stood out the most. The baked beans were so good and so was the homemade ice cream. The food is 4 stars but because the waitress was sooooo good I give it 5! Our bill came out to be about $26 and we left her $45. This is going to be a certain stop whenever I am in Vegas from now on.
3	I've been here a few times, haven't had a bad experience yet. It is so hard to find good BBQ in vegas. Each time we get the same thing, the $20 dinner for 2. We have tried all of the meats but like the brisket and pulled pork the best. They do not let you get two of the same meats, you must pick 3 different ones, which kind of sucks, because I rather have 2 pulled pork and one brisket. Oh Well. The sides could be better, the mac & cheese is watery. It isn't homemade.  They only give you 2 biscuits, wish they gave more to make pulled pork mini sandwiches. The dessert is awesome. I get the apple cobbler. We are usually the only people in the place, very quiet. I hope they get good business and don't shut down because for now this is the only BBQ place in Vegas I found that is decent.
4	So glad we found this place! Who doesnt love good BBQ? I mean really who doesnt?! Well we found this place the other day while driving around trying to find something for an early dinner. Inside is clean and open they even have a small dance floor and live music (not sure what days). We orderd the $20 deal with pulled pork,brisket,ribs, mac&cheese and greens with a side of sweet potatoe fries. Well they give you plenty of meat for sure but the sides are pretty small(-1 star) All the food was good creamy mac yummy greens and yummy smokey meats. Oh and the fries delish!! Customer service was great! Oh and I almost forgot the deal comes with dessert. The cobbler was soo good. A must try to cure that BBQ craving!
2	Got some ribs from here a few weeks ago and was very disappointed.  The place came highly recommended and did not come close to delivering.  Meal deals are priced way to high for the quality of the product.  Would not go back...
3	While waiting at the drive-thru at In-N-Out, I noticed banners over at Buzz advertising a two for $19.99 dinner or $5.99 lunch specials. Mentioned it to the Mister, he suggested we go for dinner. And so we went...The scent of smoke permeated throughout the restaurant. "Ahh! We should be in for a treat." We were seated in a booth, we ordered pulled pork, andouille sausage and ribs with mac & cheese and sweet potato fries. And let's not forget apple cobbler ala mode for dessert.The pulled pork was best made into a sandwich with the rolls provided. It's pretty wet and the weakest meat of our trio. The sausage had bold flavor that didn't compete with the smoke. The ribs were the best of the three. Dry rubs generally aren't my preference, but these were good and fall off the bone tender. There was nothing special about the mac & cheese but I liked it. So often you get gummy noodles, but these noodles were tender. The cheese was on the runny side, but I'd rather have that than a globby congealed mess. The sweet potato fries were top notch. Crisp and no added sweeter (I hate when they're sprinkled with sugar). The cobbler was damn good. It was nearly "lick the bowl clean" good.Dinner for two for $25 with drinks is a helluva deal.We popped over to the bar after dinner for a beer. The Mister relived his youth with Hamm's on tap. No beer flavored water for me. I tried a local brew, Tahoe Blue. Bitter in a good way, I enjoyed it. Our bar tab was $6.50 for two pints. Gotta love that, too.
5	2 eat for $20 is one of the best deals for a great BBQ meal in the Valley.  They  have the best brisket I've had outside of Texas.  Came to find out the pitmaster is from Oklahoma, and has won awards for his brisket.  The ribs, sausage, and pulled pork are spot on too.
3	Ordered a 2 meat lunch combo with brisket and sausage.  Had heard good things about both and looking forward to trying them.Brisket was pretty good but inexplicably dry.  There was a layer of fat on the outside which would normally mean the meat would stay fatty and moist.  But it was kind of dry - not overcooked chicken breast dry but definitely dry.  However, was tender and not the worst thing.Sausage was really good IMO.  Maybe a bit salty but overall I liked it.Don't understand the BBQ sauce they use there.  It's got no flavor or quick.  I had read it's vinegar based which would be great.  When I used it the hot and normal sauce were indistinguishable and if there was vinegar in it they certainly didn't use a lot.Yet another Las Vegas BBQ joint that disappoints.  I don't understand it at all.  Buzz BBQ is even more disappointing because there is potential there if they just experimented to improve their product.  Instead, they serve a mediocre meal but I guess are busy enough not to want to mess with it.
3	I'm kind of torn about this place...  I think it deserves a second trip to really be fair...  But I'll document my first impressions here.First off, the staff was nice and friendly.  So it started off on a good note.  I went for the lunch 2-meat combo: ribs and brisket (since I read they were good in other reviews) for $12.99.  The ribs were the St. Louis style spareribs, not the baby back ribs I have grown to love.  They were fatty, but nice and tender.  The brisket was flavorful, but kind of dry, so I elected to use some of their BBQ sauce on the side.  Ultimately, I think the sauce went better with the ribs.  I probably won't order either again, but I'd like to go back and sample some more stuff on the menu.  (In particular, the pulled pork and pulled chicken.)I'll give it three stars for now, but I'll update on my next visit.
3	Lucille's is still at the top of my list for BBQ and unfortunately, Buzz isn't.The service was phenomenal but the food was just not as impressive. It was smokey, just as any BBQ but it just lacked flavor. When I ate the meat, it just tasted like smoke. No matter how much BBQ sauce I put, the smoke was just way too over powering. I thought it was just one item, but it was everything that I tried.I feel as though this place deserves a second chance, but for right now, I'd rather go to Ellis Island.
1	booooo! Came here last night. They DO NOT offer the 2 for $20 deal anymore!! I got the pulled chicken sandwich this time. It was awful. They must not be making good money, because the quality went way down. No more Buzz BBQ for me...
3	I'd really like to give this a 2-1/2 star rating.  We have only been at the Buzz"s on Craig Road (started on Ann Road a few years ago) and fell in love with their smoked chicken.  Very smoky and so tender.  Ribs and brisket are OK, too, but I like Famous Dave's better.  And we didn't like any of their sides.  When we get our meat at Buzz's we go across the parking lot to Popeye's and get fries and rice and beans.  We've never eaten in the restaurant, but have only had take-out.  Don't remember the decor as being memorable.  Haven't been there for awhile, and don't remember that they had sweet potato fries or cobbler the last time we were there.  We'll have to give those a try the next time we crave the smoked chicken!
4	We just moved to Las Vegas, and one of the things I try to find early when I move is a good BBQ place. Gotta say, Buzz BBQ was a good find. The service was great (ordered take out - server took ample time to help me with the menu), the food even better. We'll be back.
5	Oh my Buzz BBQ!!! How delicious can you be?! Rhetorical question... yes. I dare you to see for yourself. Or you can just be oblivious and eat BBQ elsewhere and...well... not REALLY eat BBQ. Hubby, Baby Diva, FIL and I dined at the new location on Tropicana and Tee Pee today and were so pleasingly surprised, of course I had to share. The Lunch Special, 3 Bone Rib Lunch, and The Twisted Pork Sandwich were all absolutely fabulous. Fresh macaroni and cheese, and baked beans were the sides of choice for the three of us adults (Baby Diva dined on the roll that came with my ribs), and needless to say there was not much talking going on at the table during the munch sessh. Too good, too perfect, and too smokey to say a word. And the prices almost make you look twice. "Is this the 90's?" is what came to mind a few times. Great job Mike, you've outdone yourself with your flavorful, fall off the bone, juicy, succulent meats, and perfectly complementing sides. I hope Buzz BBQ can find room on the Henderson side of town sooner than later, cause we need some divine BBQ intervention!
5	I was at Buzz BBQ last night attending a social media class. I had the pulled pork sandwich and sweet potato fries.. Both were awesome!! I will be back.. Service was great also. Everyone was very friendly and speedy.
4	We had the Pulled Pork, Sweet Potato Fries, and Apple Cobbler Ala Mode. BBQ sauce was good. Service was great This place is closed now:( I think the owner moved out of state
5	Hands-down, the best BBQ joint in Vegas.This is truly "loved" to perfection via the steel box smoker that adorns the patio in front of the restaurant.  Driving by and catching a whiff of the smoke is enough to make you salivate.Not just the smoked meaty goodness makes the visit worthwhile, but the awesome sweet potato fries, fried okra, ice water coleslaw, and many other sides are equally delicious.If you haven't yet...you must.  The Craig/95 location is just as good if you're on that side of town.
5	I went to Buzz BBQ for the first time tonight to attend a Social Marketing event. And I decided to try the food. Boy am I glad I did. It was melt in your mouth BBQ. Like the kind you wish you could get... oh, wait, you can.. It was extremely fair priced. I got the three meat combo and had a ton left to bring home to my husband and I had a little more as well. :) And my husband also commented that it was absolutely great BBQ. You have to try it!!
5	My wife and I are BBQ experts, having sampled BBQ all over the country and Buzz is surely the best in Las Vegas by far. I would also have to say that it ranks right up there with everything we have ever had - anywhere. This will be a regular spot :)
1	Ate there on Saturday with a friend thats loves bbq.  Saw a sign in the lobby that said " smoked turkey,limited time only". Im not big on bbq so i tried to order the turkey. Waitress said it was for a limited time only and NOT today. My friend ordered the threemeat combo. The THREE ribs were good the catfish was ok and the pulled pork was dry. He had corn and cheese and macaroni for sides thecorn was ok but the mac n cheese was way too salty and not edible. I got chicken fingers that i could have ordered anywhere, and some tasteless fries that i didnt eat many of. Ketchup was clear and runny then a dark brown... Not a good experience all the way around especially for $40.00.....i went to wash my hands when i was done and was greeted by a DEAD COCKROACH in the mens room.
1	Sept. 14th, 2011  After reading mixed reviews on Yelp, my girlfriend and I decided to check it out for ourselves.  We drove by and saw that they had a $19.99 deal that fed two and we were in the mood for some good BBQ so we figured why not.  Unfortunately, we were both disappointed.Ordered:The $19.99 feeds 2 special, which includes 3 meats of choice, 2 sides, and 2 desserts.  We chose Chicken, Beef Brisket, and Rib Tips for our meats and Corn on the Cob and Mac and Cheese for our side dishes.  To drink I had a sweet tea and my girlfriend ordered ice water.Pros:* Friendly waitress that allowed us to sample their coleslaw prior to ordering it as our side item.* The feeds 2 deal is a pretty good (price wise)Cons:* Sweet Tea:  There was some sweetness present, but it had a watered-down taste. Not a fan. On top of that, she messed up my order and gave me a soda at first.* Mac & Cheese:  Nothing fancy about the Mac/Cheese.  I've found better in the frozen aisle* Corn on the cob:  How do you mess this up?  Seriously that's bad!  Tasteless.  I might as well have ordered a side of butter because that's all I was tasting.* Ice Water Coleslaw:  Thank god the waitress was kind enough to let us try this...  This was a vinegar-based coleslaw (not the typical mayo-based).  I could see how some people would like this, but I didn't really care for it at all.* Chicken:  One word- DRY!  * Rib-Tips: DRY!  (It was the best of the 3 meats we ordered, but only after drowning it in sauce.  Speaking of sauces... Even their sauce was not too tasty.  The hot sauce wasn't hot at all and the BBQ sauce didn't kick my taste buds.* Beef Brisket: The Driest of the Dry! I was speechless... What a disappointment.  I love Beef Brisket, but not from Buzz BBQ !Tips:* Go to Lucille's BBQ at the District* If you go to Buzz BBQ, don't order anything we ordered!* There's an In-N-Out in the same plaza (hint-hint)!Overall:  I honestly hate giving bad reviews and try hard to find the positives in the places I go and I always go with an open-mind, but seriously this was an extreme disappointment.  I was excited to try the cobbler because I did read some good reviews, but I was so irritated that we just skipped the dessert all together.  I literally left that place with less money, unwanted leftovers, and an unsatisfied appetite.  Everything had the same Dry and Smokey taste.  I could make excuses for them and say they were having a bad day, but seriously this place was horrible.  We even overheard the couple complaining to the waitress about their food.  Everything I tried was subpar.  Sorry for the bashing Buzz, I just feel as if you owe me some money.  What's the "Buzz" amount?  Definitely not Buzz BBQ.  I should have went to In-N-Out.  I would have had a satisfying meal and extra money to Red Box it!
3	Smoke em' if ya got em' The food at Buzz BBQ is smoked, unlike some other BBQ joints in town who grill their goods.  You're not going to get proteins dripping in succulent BBQ sauce here.  What you will get though, is decent food with a noticeably smokey flavor.The Country style ribs were very good.  They were "fall off the bone" tender, and had a good amount of smoke.  The catfish is some of the best I've had in town.  It wasn't too salty or greasy, and really hit that down south spot.The chicken was forgettable.  Nothing really wrong with it, just nothing really right either.  As far as side dishes go, I liked everything I tried EXCEPT THE MAC N' CHEESE.  It was possibly the worst mac n' cheese I've ever eaten, school lunchrooms and hospital cafes included.  I would go back for the ribs and the catfish for sure.  You should give it a try, your BBQ quota for the month is probably deficient anyways.
2	I'm starting to distrust the "Best in Las Vegas" more and more with each restaurant I go to.I went to Buzz BBQ the other day for lunch.  It wasn't bad, mind you... but, for something that won "Best in LV" two years in a row, I expected a LOT better.First off, just to start with something good, the place is HEAVY with the smell of smoked meats... always a good thing.  Also, they offer 2 decent BBQ sauces, a mild and a hot.  The hot really wasn't that spicy, but it had a decent enough flavor.We started with the BBQ wings, which were average.  As I said, the sauce is pretty decent, so these were as good as expected.For the entree, my date and myself had the "2-meat" meals.  I had the Andouille and Pulled Pork.  The Andouille... really wasn't.  It was more of a polish sausage.  Not that I'm complaining, it's just that it wasn't Andouille.  The pulled pork was kinda dry, and I needed to sauce the crap out of it.  With that, were the 2 sides of Mac and Cheese, and Fried Okra.  The Okra needed salt, and the mac and cheese... well...  OK, I originally come from the south, and I've had my share of Mac and Cheese.  Buzz BBQ puts (what I'm guessing is) oregano in their mac and cheese.  Something I have never had before, and although it wasn't terrible... it certainly didn't help the dish either.My date had the chicken, and catfish.  She liked the oversized portion of catfish, and said the chicken was all smoke, and no other flavor.  She also had Okra, and the BBQ beans as her sides.  Aside from the lack of salt on the Okra, she said the BBQ beans were good.  She also had the Peach Cobbler, in which she said "I've had better."Overall, the price wasn't terrible, for some reason BBQ places seem to charge more than you are expecting anyway.  As far as "Best in Las Vegas" goes?  I'll say although I don't agree on their pricing (WAY too much IMO,) TC's Rib Crib (who won "Best in Las Vegas" in 2007) has better food.Overall, I didn't hate the place... I just probably won't go back.
4	Pretty darn good pork sandwich! I just wish I had the ribs here. Sauce is good, and the portions are good. The only problem was the price (too high) but hey no one's perfect.
5	Just went here for lunch for the first time and we're hooked!  Coleslaw was awesome, ribs were toe-curling, and the cobbler made it an absolutely perfect meal!  Liked having the sauce on the side.  The people were super nice too.  DEFINITELY recommended!!
5	Great friendly service.  Food good, with very lrge portions.  Even a side salad was large enough for a meal if you are not too hungry.Used a coupon downloaded onto smart phone.  Was told it could be used for a meal at the Buzz.  The download had the id number and even a "delete when used" bar.  We were told thwt we could not use it, as they needed a printed coupon for payment, not a very modern concept.  But when we were told "Buzz" that we should be able to usse the download, he agreed to take the amount off our bill.  I was very impressed by that!  I later checked the site, and indeed the download was useable from the smart device.Anyway we were very happy with our meal and atmosphere and feel 5 stars is a fair assessment for Buzz BBQ.  Chicken Ceasar Salad was huge. with lots of yummy smoked chicken.  Dressing not too oily and croutons very crispy.I loved the coleslaw...used it as a topping on my side salad!  it was very tasty and tangy with the vinegar rather than mayo mix.If I lived locally I would return to the Buzz!  thanks fir a funa nite.
5	Ok, ppl kinda tired of the low ratings this place is a great family restaurant. The staff are so kind and they work so hard on a skeleton crew. The food is amazing dry rub and sauce for everything and don't get me started on there peach cobbler it's just good. Great holesome place that is in need of support from the locals. If we won't support a business like this then we fall pray to more of the same chain restaurants plaguing this town. As a foodie I'm ashamed more people won't give this place a shot. The more ppl going the better the service will get.
5	This BBQ is as good as it gets! It is definitely worth your time and money. Authentic BBQ fully cooked in a smoker! I eat here all of the time.
2	Ok, so first off, I guess I should just come out and admit that I'm more of a Carolina-style BBQ girl, not a Texas-style BBQ girl. Even without the vinegar and mustard, though, I do always enjoy some good BBQ. Unfortunately, this place fell short - and not just on the food.We found ourselves here because of the comedy show thingy that happens here regularly. $5 cover and some pretty bad / unfunny comedy. 1 star.We had a Restaurant.com gift certificate, though, so I was excited to eat. We ordered the hot wings (of course) and the 2 meat combo (choosing beef brisket and pulled pork for the meats, and mac 'n' cheese and potato salad for the sides).The wings were alright. No options as to mild, hot, etc. The sauce was decent and they were the right amount of crispy. But they were almost underdone and the ranch it came with (no choice of ranch or blue cheese) was rather bad. 2.5 stars.Our meal didn't get any better with the 2 meat combo. I didn't find either the pulled pork or beef brisket to be very good - no smoke, no flavor, not that tender, etc. 2 stars. And the hot and mild BBQ sauce options didn't really do anything to help and weren't all that tasty. 2.3 stars. Good thing I hadn't eaten all day and was starving or I wouldn't have been able to stomach any of it.The sides were a slight step up. The mac 'n cheese had little flavor, though, and definitely did not taste homemade by any stretch of the imagination. 2.2 stars. The potato salad, which also was definitely not homemade, was frankly the best part of the entire meal. 2.6 starsThe service was the worst part of the meal. Yep, even worse than the comedy. Now, I do give some forgiveness as it was an "event" and not a typical dining experience. Even with that, though, we had to go to the bar and ask for menus, it took quite awhile for a server to appear (and he rarely ever appeared again), etc. Even though we knew what we wanted to order for everything, the server wouldn't take our entree order before going away and putting in our drink and appetizer order. And when it came time to get the check... Well, let's just say that we were about to throw money on the table and leave it took so long. 0.5 stars.The ambiance here is pretty much nil. There's nothing interesting or even slightly theme about it. It's definitely bare bones. And our table was wobbly and the chairs were uncomfortable. 0.5 stars.So yeah, perhaps I sound like a grumbly curmudgeon, but I am not a fan of my experience here and I didn't care for their BBQ.
1	I don't understand how this place has four stars. Maybe it's because 6 of the five star reviews are from people with only one review (Buzz BBQ) and zero friends. I've had a Restaurant.com coupon for Buzz BBQ for quite a while, so my boyfriend and I finally decided to try it out. We had pretty high expectations since the place has a solid 4 stars. The last time we went out for BBQ, we went to Lucille's and I guess I was expecting it to be comparable to that, but I was very wrong.Upon entering, we noticed that had a 2 for $20 deal, which was a better deal than what we would get with our Restaurant.com coupon, so we went with that instead. You get to choose 3 meats, 2 sides, and 2 desserts. We got the rib tips, beef brisket, chicken, mac n cheese, and corn on the cob. There wasn't an actual menu for the 2 for $20 deal, so the lady just told us what we could pick and she failed to mention that the dessert was included. We were under the assumption that the dessert was an extra cost because she asked us, "Did you guys want any dessert or anything?" Why would she ask us that rather than tell us to pick which dessert we wanted? I later found out that the dessert comes with the meal, which was pretty annoying because I would've wanted dessert to rid my taste buds of all the horrible flavors. Every meat we ordered was extremely dry and extremely smoked. If it wasn't for the different textures, I wouldn't be able to tell which meat was which because it all just tasted the same (very smoked). I pretty much had to drown everything in the sauces which tasted like gourmet ketchup.The sides were both bland, so those didn't even help. I don't even understand how they made the mac n cheese flavorless, but they pulled it off. This was the first time we didn't finish a 2 for $20 meal together and it wasn't because of the portion size. We only ate half of everything and we didn't even want the leftovers.  I can honestly say that I will not be coming back here again. I left this place feeling like my mouth was used as an ashtray. You know how smokey and gross your hair gets when you walk through the casinos? Well that's how my mouth felt after eating here. The only good thing about my experience is that I was able to get a refund from Restaurant.com after telling them about my experience.
5	Out of this world BBQ.  Great authentic BBQ in the big city, usually you can't find that but this place will definitely fill that void for you.Best kept secret, the sweet potato fries.  Crispy, seasoned to perfection... you're meal will not be complete until you add these ;-}
3	My poor husband loves some good BBQ pork.  I, on the other hand, HATE BBQ AND PORK!  So when he said that he had a craving, I said that I would give it a whirl. With that being said, we ordered the following:*Sweet Tea: Personally, I like Raising Cane's the best.  The worst?  McDonald's.  So this was in the middle.  I would not order it again.*3 Meat Combo:1. Sausage- I don't like this kind of sausage, but my husband liked it.2. Pork- surprise, surprise!  I really liked it!  Moist and full of flavor.3. Beef Brisket- really good!  Fell off the bone and into my mouth. :)*2 Sides:1. Mac & Cheese- DISGUSTING!  I don't understand, but it was gross.  I would have rather had the blue box Kraft Mac & Cheese.2. Sweet Potato Fries- very good!  The sugar on it puts it over the top.*Peach Cobbler- eh.  I took 2 bites and that was it.  Not sure if it was the cheap vanilla ice cream that ruined it for me or what.  But definitely not a fan. The restaurant has a "mess hall" feel to it, which was not something I enjoyed.  The food took a while, but the waitress was really nice.Not sure if I would go back but I think my husband would go back for a pulled pork sandwich!
4	People are super friendly and the aroma of smoked meat makes your mouth water. They have a stage for live bands that play blues, jazz, and oldest.  We first order southern sweet tea and its made perfect! Not too sweet and not over brewed.
5	Ate here again last night. The food was spectacular as expected. Great service from Maurice, and Chef Mo.
4	We have eaten there and have ordered our thanksgiving turkey there twice now. We got the smoked turkey and it was a crowd pleaser! I'm not a huge BBQ fan but I love this place!
5	Love this place! Its the best barbecue place in town. You MUST order the brisket and sweet potato fries. Also not too crowded usually easy to get in and out of. The okra, baked beans and rib tips are also good.
5	Great BBQ and good prices. We will be back hope fully when the music is playing .
5	I was in the mood for a big, huge juicy steak.  We were on our way to another restaurant when I missed my turn off on Sahara (Ooops) and I wound up on Tropicana and 215.Maybe it was a little planned, but we made our way in on a Monday night.  The place was empty except for us at 9pm at night.We were quickly seated and drink orders were taken right away.  My family and I sat in a booth and marveled at the smells coming from the kitchen.  In fact, this place is next to an In N Out and the BBQ smell probably over powers and redirects many of their patrons as well!I had the 2 meat combo with Ribs and Shredded Pork.   For sides I had baked beans and sweat potato fries.  The sweat potato fries were AWESOME!  The ribs were awesome too.  I loved how it just fell off the bone and into my mouth!My wife had the beef brisket with macaroni and cheese and fried okra.  My son had the fried catfish sandwich and my other two boys had the shredded pork sandwich with shredded pork.The rolls came out after our order and it was quickly devoured.  The bread was fresh and soft and almost reminded me of Hawaiian Sweet Bread.Our food came out in less than 10 minutes and we were more than happy!  The fried catfish is absolutely delicious and my wife will be ordering that next time we come. My shredded pork and ribs were awesome.  I will next time just get a plate of ribs instead.  Shredded pork was very flavorful. For desert we had apple cobbler a la mode.  A great cap to the end of dinner.Yelp Check in gave us 15% off our check!  Our waiter was awesome and very friendly.  His accent made us feel like we were the southeast part of the United States.Great place, nice and clean and very delicious food!  We're definitely coming back here sometime soon!
5	Authentic & delicious BBQ! My husband's from NC and he is a huge critic when it comes to good southern BBQ and loves it as well. The servings are good-sized portions and you don't need to slather on the BBQ sauce, the flavors speak for themselves in the way it's smoked. The restaurant staff are very nice but it could use a little ambiance :) (it's very quiet in the dinning room) not that it's always a bad thing. Would highly recommend!!
4	So I had lunch there today and was really happy with what I got to eat.  First off, they have the smoker on the outdoor patio so you can smell the goodness when you're walking in, which is saying something considering In-N-Out burger is next door.  I had the 3 meat combo with pulled pork, ribs, and brisket, which the guy behind the bar told me I needed to get.  The ribs were simply superb, good bark, good smoke ring, excellent flavor, and the meat just fell right off the bone.  You know a rib is cooked perfectly when you can pull the bone out without disturbing the meat, and I could and did do this.  The pulled pork was cook also, and was thankfully moist and not dried out like a lot of pulled pork can get if it's shredded early and left sitting around.  Flavor was good, very mild though, added the "hot" bbq sauce to spice it up a bit.  The brisket was good too, but I didn't get to eat much of it because I was pigging out on the ribs.Now on to the sides and sauces.  I ordered the BBQ baked beans, which were quite tasty and bbq-y, and thankfully had no veggies floating around in them, which is the way it should be.  Also had the potato salad, which was fine, I like mine with a kick though, so was happy they had a bottle of Crystal's hot sauce lying around.  The "mild" bbq sauce was flavorful and semi-sweet, pretty sure it's got either molasses or brown sugar and ketchup as its base.  The "hot" bbq sauce was a little thinner, but still tasty.  It didn't have the heat factor that I thought it would, I would rate it pretty low on the "heat" scale, but it did have that little bite that one would expect.Overall, was quite happy with this place and plan on frequenting it whenever I get the craving for BBQ again.
4	3.75 starsWe are visiting from California and had a restaurant.com gift card. This was one of the places that took the gift cards.We had the family meal with a chicken, ribs, brisket, sausage, three sides, and rolls. For sides, we had potato salad, baked beans, fries, Mac n cheese. None of the meat comes saucedChicken: ok. Very smoky but the skin was kinda weird 3 starsRibs: tender, smoky, flavorful 4 starsBrisket: omg! So good. Tender, delicious, I couldn't stop nibbling on it. 5 starsBaked beans: good 3 starsMac n cheese: gross, wow. Truly terrible 1 starFries: crispy and delicious. Service was attentiveSweet tea was pretty good, although I had it mixed with unsweetened. Apple cobbler was good: 3.5 starsPatch cobbler was also good: 3 stars
2	meat i had the brisket and the smoked sasuage.If i was just reviewing on the meat it would be 5 stars for sure.There sides are just gross i got the mixed veggies and they were frozen bag o veggie with no salt or seasoning or anything on them.The coleslaw tasted almost like kimche fermented and old.Even the rolls tasted like they had been sitting around for a few days.so that knocks it down three stars. For 3 of us with drinks it cost about 40$.I suggest if you do eat here skip the sides and the bread.
4	Real smoked BBQ is what this place is about!  Especially with a Restaurant.com coupon.  The Brisket, ribs and pulled pork are my faves and the sweet potato fries are awesome.  Definitely give Buzz BBQ a try!
5	Mike and his crew make the most delicious bbq I have had in a long, long time.  Tender brisket sliced just right, chicken bursting with flavor and juice...not to overlook the amazing, crisp sausage.  My wife and I will definitely be back.  Don't forget the collard greens!!!
3	Bought the yelp deal, spend 15 for 25 dollars worth of food. Owner would not accept the deal off my phone...turn off and strike one. However, the owner came out and talked to me, and with a 20% off yelp check in, we still got a discount. The food is on point! Real smoke BBQ! We got the BBQ for two for twenty bucks, and it was hella food! Three meats choices and two sides. Smoked chicken, brisket and ribs with two sides of baked beans and fried okra.Chicken was smokey and flavorful, brisket was tasty but was a little fatty, but at least it was moist, and the ribs were falling off the bone.Not the best I've ever had, but worth returning for the value.
1	Waited 10 minutes and wasn't greeted by anyone...finally caught the attention of the server who in response said hold on a second in a rude way. Was hoping for some good ole bbq, left and went across to in n out instead. Too bad this place lacks customer service..: (
5	Amazing BBQ!!! My boyfriend and I wanted to try something new since we normally go to the same places over and over again, so we decided to give this place a shot. We were extremely happy with the product we got. We were the only ones in the restaurant on a Monday around 3pm so needless to say service was great.  We ordered a beer apiece, 2 side salads (BBQ ranch is wonderful), and had the 2 for 20. Three meats ( pulled pork, brisket, and ribs) with two sides (BBQ beans and potato salad).  I have nothing negative to say about this place. My boyfriend and I both loved this place. We will definitely be back.
4	Good BBQ and a great special.The ambiance is just ok, the food pretty good, what gave this 4 stars was that we got a $25 gift certificate for $15 - and it even covered tax!  Our meal was about $24+ and we left a $5 tip so we got about a $30 meal for $20 bucks.
5	I've eaten Buzz BBQ once to go for dinner  and we got all the various different meats. I couldn't stop eating it was so good. Today I just ate it dining in with a few co-workers and got the Texas Tornado which has the various meats of deliciousness on it. Once again super good. I got the sweet potato fries as well and they have a light sprinkle of sugar on them. Very good as well. Our server was good, fun and friendly and even joked with us. Overall it's a FIVE star rating from me!
4	Wow, what a great surprise.  We stumbled across this place by complete accident, but the smell from the parking lot was great so we decided to give it a try.  I am very glad that we did.  The meats that we tried (brisket, sausage and chicken) were all tender and nicely smoked.  Their BBQ sauces had the right level of spice and good flavor - they complimented the meats without overwhelming or masking the flavor of the meat itself.Sides are only ok.  Fries were good, but mac and cheese was decidedly "meh".
5	Great food and service. The owner really helped us order and accomodated our family with great hospitality. It's in a hidden place near In @ Out off of Tropicana with easy parking. It is locally owned and operated so go give them some love.
4	The smoky aroma fills the parking lot before you walk into the most consistent BBQ restaurant in Las Vegas. The thing to order here is the Twisted Pig, Pig Twister or Texas Tornado - sandwiches with sausage and pulled pork, brisket and pulled pork, or all three. The hot link has a nice snap and a rich, robust flavor, while the pulled pork is delicately smoky and just the right amount of juiciness. Also noteworthy are the rib tips, which are fall-off-the-bone tender.Like all good BBQ places, they serve the sauce on the side. The meat is so flavorful and moist you barely need any at all.The sides I've had so far have been uniformly good - the potato salad and sweet potato fries are the best of the bunch.Service is also consistently good, unremarkable but fine.Go here. Eat well.
3	I was on my way to a delicious in n out burger lunch one day when I stumble on this restaurant. Huge sign in the front, winner of back to back best bbq in town although not the recent winner so I thought why not.I sat down in a very funny looking restaurant that look like a barn more than an actual restaurant and thought to myself, maybe just maybe this place is not that bad. When the lunch special arrived, I love the ribs but really its nothing special. Too smoky and the sauce are so so, absolutely no kick to it. I love famous dave better. All and all since I get to use the coupon from yelp for $25. I give it a three stars. Service is nothing to write home about and honestly. Its a one and done for me.
4	I found my new authentic BBQ joint in Las Vegas! OK first to the good stuff... I ordered a 3 meat combination dinner w/ ribs, brisket and pulled pork. First, I love this place because there's no 'sauce' on the meat. The 'smokey flavor' and 'falling apart meat' stand on its own. The rib meat just falls off the bones and the fat has been rendered down to almost nothing. The brisket also falls apart on your fork or in your fingers! The smoke ring is very apparent on both of these meats! The pulled pork had zero fat and was completely lean. Here's where I tried the BBQ sauces. The mild is tasty but I preferred the hot! Both were good!I ordered BBQ beans and cole slaw. The beans were OK (not much character) but the slaw was not. It reminded me of the slaw you would get with salsa at a mexican restaurant. (not a fan)The server was OK as was the ambience. We could not figure out what was missing but if we do I'll post. (because we're definitely going back) The large room had big screen tvs, a band stand and a dance floor? Didn't really look like a restaurant but it definitely is! With this great meat, who cares!!!This is my new 'go to place' for BBQ while in Las Vegas!! So I'm giving Buzz 4 stars. If the beans and cole slaw were more tradional and the service was better I would rate 5.
1	After reading the Yelp reviews we purchased a $15 for $25 coupon off of Yelp and thought we'd give it a try. As we walked in I told the lady we'd need to be seated for 2 and a highchair. She appeared to ignore me, grabbed the menus and walked off while we trailed behind saying "Sit wherever you want." No greeting, no hello, no type of welcoming behavior, bad start. I would later find out this woman was the "manager".We sat down in the oddly quiet, bingo hall like atmosphere that has a major echo problem and is in need of serious renovation. Our server showed up 10 minutes later and was polite but not what I would consider very efficient.After getting our order wrong on the first try they managed to get it right on the second go around. The ribs were leathery and lacking flavor with sauce you add from a bottle. The chicken fingers were obviously from a frozen bag, had way too much breading, and were burnt. The pulled pork was pretty darn good and was the best part of the meal along with the sweet potato fries.At the end of the meal I showed our server the Yelp coupon on my phone app. She said she'd need to get the manager to look at it. She came over and stated that I needed to print it out for it to be valid otherwise I'd have to pay. I promptly showed her the email that states you can use the coupon on the app and she acquiesced. The entire time she gave a snotty attitude and really did a disservice to the owner. After walking out of the restaurant our server came running after us saying the manager said we needed to pay our bill. I walked back in with her asking how it was possible to have a $22 bill with a $25 coupon and owe anything? She talked to the manager for a second who had plenty more attitude and our server said sorry she was mistaken. I was not happy after being accused of stealing and will never visit or refer anyone I know to this place.Food lacking flavor and overcooked along with the manager having a terrible attitude and poor customer service. The manager's name was Denise if I heard properly, a black woman working on 4/15/12 at approximately 7pm.
4	Buzz's ribs are only pretty good but the brisket is out of this world.  They have a great 'two person' special that will leave many couples (not us) with left overs.
4	Dad was in town - he loves BBQ. Buzz was close to home and we had a coupon. Really enjoyed it and the price was right.  My favorite thing -- is this wrong? - was the amazing assortment of $1 beers!  The guys had meat platters. I had pulled chicken and spicy BBQ sauce. Great stuff and I enjoyed the sides - including an interesting non-mayonaissy cole slaw. And we all shared some berry cobbler for dessert. Would go back.
4	Buzz BBQ was recommend to me by a Yelper. It did not disapoint. We had the 3 meat combo which was more than enough for two for lunch. I found everything that we had to be very good and a nice change from the bigger BBQ spots around town. I like that they don't put sauce on their meats. Their is your choice of two bbq sauces on the table, you get that true smoke flavor. And the sweet potato fries are great!
1	Not very good. Ribs  were really fatty and could have used more time on the grill. I barbecue ribs and  and know what it takes to make good ribs. Slow and low is the key. I ordered the ribs as attest to see if they had a clue, and they came up short. The sides were boing and bland,and the service was not great.
4	Large amounts of meat, very tender, their service was great. They are located just up the street from me.  Although I do like Famous Daves, they have become over priced and cut back on their portions which is a BIG no no.  This place has great lunch specials, and plenty of food to go with it.  I'm not a big bbq fan by any means but their sauce was unique and had a very nice after bite to it, and their coleslaw was definitely home made (their own recipe) and was GREAT. It looked like they use balsamic vinegar in it too. It was yummy.  I would definitely go back to this place.
2	Meats were ok, sides were average or all around miss, small to medium portions.  Came all the way out to use a restaurant.com cert that they didnt accept.
1	True to my Texas upbringing, I have always been a big fan of barbeque. There's nothing more satisfying than a perfectly smoked rack of ribs or a tender and juicy beef brisket. ---  Neither of these will you find at Buzz BBQ.Really lazy barbeque joints boil their meat before smoking it for a brief period to try and give it that smoky flavor. They may serve it with barbeque sauce on the side, but it is by no means a dry rub or anywhere near slow-smoked. The meat is tender, to be sure, but that's what happens when you boil the meat to death. Despite my best efforts, I could not determine what method they used to get their nasty smoke flavor, but it tastes like it was finished over a bed of burning dead animal carcasses.To me, great barbeque tastes incredible without any sauce (unless of course you are talking about Carolina style barbeque) and you add the sauce to add that little extra flavor. Buzz BBQ needs to be drowned in sauce to mask that nasty taste their meat gets from their smoking method.Oh, and in case you're not disappointed enough with the food, they'll be sure to kick you in the head with the bill - because no disastrous dining experience is complete without a double-blow to the stomach and the wallet.
2	Let me start by telling you that I hate BBQ sauce.  I love delicious smoked meats but I am not a fan of this icky condiment.  Good news: BBQ sauce is served on the side at Buzz.  I ordered the 2 meat combo with brisket and sausage, fried okra and mac and cheese.  Mac and cheese was no good.  Okra was good and meats were pretty good.  Brisket was super tender, fatty, and flavorful.  They serve it up with crumbly corn muffins and rolls.  Honey butter for the corn muffins would be nice - alas, not provided.  Prices were higher than I anticipated but there is a 20% off check in offer on Yelp. Service was spotty, especially since we were 1 of 2 tables in the entire place.  Take it or leave it.  Don't know if I'll go back...but food was middle of the road in my opinion.
5	I've been to Memphis, Famous Daves, Lucilles etc and this was by far the best bbq I have had in Las Vegas. I didn't realize they had a huge bar with flat screen tvs for watching sports with great beers on tap. I had the Whole Chicken which was tender and moist. It was cut into smaller pieces which made the meal manageable and made for left over chicken sandwiches the next day. Amazing meal for 12 bucks. I highly recommend the baked beans as a side. The owner talked me into them and I almost enjoyed them more than the chicken. PROS:1. Amazing bbq sauce with a hint of spiciness2. Extremely clean -  I was pleasantly surprised3. Cool staff that gave a personal feel to the place4. No corny themes or chain restaurant feel - just a good local vibe that concentrates on the food itself.5. Happy Hour 4-CLOSE! Not the usual 2.5 hour gimmick!CONS:No fork or napkins with my to-go order but not a big enough deal to drop to 4 stars.OVERALL:I definitely recommend this place!
5	buzz's did the catering for my wedding and they were amazing!!! I, like any bride, got a little obsessed with the details but Mike was there to calm me down. They showed up to the wedding early and helped us set up the food and they were nice to everyone that was helping out. I am still getting compliments about the food and we have been married a month now. The night we got engaged, we ate at buzzes so it only seemed perfect to have it at the wedding. Thank you Mike for being apart of our day!!
2	Okay food, terrible service. Our server was friendly, but he disappeared once our food was served. We were never offered refills; my husband sat with an empty cup for the duration of our meal. I believe our server was also cooking, but the other server in the dining room was studiously playing the "not my table" game. We also sat with empty plates, waiting for the check for well over fifteen minutes. Finally a manager sent another server over to take payment from us. The neglectful service plus the fact that the food was nothing to write home about means we likely won't be back. Too bad, because our check in earned us a 20% off coupon that we didn't use, because we didn't want to wait any longer.
4	I like to judge a place by its brisket, and they did NOT disappoint!!! it had a good quarter-inch smoke ring on it, and it was delicious! based on other bbq disappointments around town this could be some of the best bbq in Vegas.  The prices are pretty good too.
5	Excellent! Real BBQ ...Brisket was amazing and so were the ribs. You gotta order the sweet potato fries & potato salad. Great friendly service too!
1	Waited for 10 mins in lobby with nobody to be seated and no body helped us as we walked out then they wanted to help us.  5:30 on a Saturday and you have zero customers your service is why.
2	I haven been back in a while because of the poor service from the owner.  I wanted to support this place because the food is excellent, but I cannot support poor customer service, especially from an owner. Please remember that the customers sitting in your establishment are the ones helping to pay your bills, don't take your business struggles and frustrations out on the ones that actually care to patronize your restaurant. By being a paying customer, and telling our friends positive reviews about you... we are doing our part and deserve a great customer experience.
5	For once I am pleasantly surprised by a restaurant.  This place has huge banners outside bragging about their lunch specials, so I decided to give them a shot while I was waiting for service on my car.The lunch menu is relatively concise with two basic options:  Platters for $6.99 or Sandwiches for $5.99.  Choices are brisket, pork, chicken and a few other basic options.  Sandwiches come with one side (the usual suspects) and Platters come with the side plus a cornbread muffin.I opted for Brisket, which I love and am relatively convinced no one knows how to cook.  When my lunch came out I had approximately 6 fairly thick slices of brisket, the french fries I ordered and the cornbread muffin.  The brisket was incredibly tender, falling off the fork.  The taste was a very fresh smoked flavor, I mixed in a touch of their BBQ sauce and I was incredibly impressed.The cornbread had a great flavor, very soft and tasteful, the fries were pretty decent in their own right.  Upon finishing my meal the waitress commented that I had quite a bit of fat left on my plate and offered to get me more brisket.  I have never heard of a business offering more food before!  I respectfully declined because I was stuffed from the huge portions served - while the brisket was relatively fatty, I was still served a copious amount of meat.Service was all in all good.  I came during the lunch rush and only one waitress was working.  She acknowledged me 2 or 3 times before finally making it over, which is MUCH better than being ignored.  I could clearly see she was busy, at least she acknowledged me!  She even had help from the kitchen serving tables.I used a Yelp check-in coupon for an additional 20% off, which they happily honored.  All told, the meal plus a couple Iced Tea's, my total bill was $7.73.I will certainly be back!
4	Decided to try them today after having a major craving for brisket. Got the 2 meat lunch. Tried the brisket and ribs. Both were delicious. Ribs fell off of the bones and the brisket was nice and tender.  The BBQ sauce was good with a slight kick.2 thumbs up......  I will be back
1	Decided to get my BBQ Monster fed again...and what a shock I got.  The sauce that I was previously a little concerned  with is (as revealed by my server) KC Masterpiece with some of Buzz's rub added  HUGE DISAPPOINTMENT!!!!  This led me to ask some questions about the sides, which I was also a bit sketchy on.  Mac n Cheese...out of a tub.  Frozen okra...fried to order.  The BBQ is excellent,  but the sides (with my exception of the collard greens) were totally sub par.  Here is to hoping they get some real sauce and fresh sides.
5	Been here a few times and the food has always been excellent. So far its been the best BBQ on this side of town by far! The bbq sauce is amazing. Full of flavor with a hint of spiciness. The bbq sauce is served on the side so you can never have too much or too little. The best thing about this place is the lunch specials. We always get the pulled pork sandwich for 5.99, never disappoints. Their lunch specials also come with a huge choice of sides, which is great. Also, if you are up to dessert, definitely get the Blackberry Cobbler. It is HEAVEN!
3	Came here one night because "In-N-Out" was PACKED(like always)! The place was empty and the owner was maning the restaurants FOH by himself. I told him I wanted an order "to go" and he gave me some recommendations. One of the suggestions was his slow cooked Brisket, which was the best out of all we ordered, and amazing to any standards. Tender, full of flavor, and definitely left a great, lasting impression. When going over what I wanted to order, he tried to stray me away from some of the options, which was a bit odd, but I was starving and didn't care. I should have listened. The chicken he tried steering us away from was DRY and the sauce for it didn't compliment or help it go down one bit. By far, the Brisket was the best choice and would go back solely for that one item. Our food was ready in almost no time, and the bill was pretty inexpensive. I caught some quick glimpses of the dining room, and it wasn't anything exciting. Next time I go i'll have to sit in and get the full experience.
4	Decided to grab dinner yesterday while waiting to pick up my computer from shop down the street. Tried the dinner for 2. Got ribs, brisket  and although I'm not a big fish eater I decided on the fish. Sides were  beans & Mac & cheese. When I arrived home decided to taste the fish first. That was all she wrote. Didn't eat anything else. The fish was Delish. Ate all of the pieces ( sorry Hun). Liked the ribs and brisket too.Good job !!!
4	Everytime we go to In - N - Out, we always say we have to try Buzz.  Well finally we did and boy are we glad.  The interior is nothing special although they do have plenty of tvs to view.  We ordered a family meal of brisket, pulled pork and ribs.  First off, this is way too much food for 2 adults and 1 kid. We have leftovers for a few days.  The brisket was nicely cooked with a smoke ring deep into the meet and tender parts.  The ribs were fall off the bone and the pulled pork had a ton of flavor.  The sides were good too although the Mac had too much oregano or similar spice.This is one of the BBQ places that doesn't put the sauce on before they serve it.  I like it that way because I don't like my food drowned in sauce but others do, this way you get it the way you want.  They offer two sauces, one mildly spicy and the other hot.  Both are good but I wish they had some other options.  If this place falls short, it is because of the lack of sauce options.As BBQ places go, this one is a hidden gem.
5	Was in there for lunch last week.  FABULOUS!  Waiter told me the Tropicana location will soon be closing, sometime in Feb 13.  Get there and enjoy it while you can!
4	I picked up lunch here a few times a month.  I just called for a to go order and the person that answered the phone said they were permanently CLOSED and were breaking down the restaurant.  Craig location is still open.
1	the BBQ is terrible here. the chicken was so dry, i threw it out. the pulled pork met the same fate. it was just too rubbery and too dry. gross.
5	The BEST brisket I have ever had! Their icewater coleslaw is different and very tasty too.
1	I HATE THIS PLACEThe service sucks, the food sucks, they charge you for extra slices of lemons for your water, and .30 cents for extra bread. The wait staff have no clue whats going on, or how to sell the 2 for $20 deal, she made it seem like we each get three meats and so on, and the bill came to like $57 dollars. The manger and the owner are rude, and the wide open space in this place is crazy. Call Robert Irvine cause this place is impossible and I am sure it would make for great TV with the owner being such a dick.I will NEVER be back, I will never recommend this place I will only speak of the crappy service, the horrible wait staff, the charging for extra lemons, no free refills on drinks. If your in the parking lot, go to In and Out
1	The fate of this company was entirely brought on by the owner(s).  There were 3 guys, the white guy was almost never there, and the other guy that was usually there with his family was not the most friendly.  They nickle and dime you to death because they don't know how to get enough business to make money.  Their marketing is awful; my wife and I even promised the family that we would get them a spot to sell food down at UNLV; for free!  Do you think they ever responded to our emails or took us up on our genuine offer; nope.  They spread their business way too thin; opening up two locations, and they weren't customer service orientated at all......they would almost never give refunds and refused to hear complaints about their food.  Good riddens to bad rubbish; I'm referring to the owners of course.
1	Poor quality bbq & misleading ad re 2 for $20 & kids eat free -- not so. Sauces were standard sweet tomato, nothing worth the effort.
