4	We often eat at El Pollo Loco when we are at our home in Reno. I tired one here a little over a year ago and was very disappointed. Well As I was traveling west on Indian School I noticed this store and said to my self, why not. I ordered and received my order quickly, it was all done by a very pleasant young woman. Got home, opened the package and found I actually got what I ordered. Ate it. Liked it. So when in the mood I will trek back to this location for more yummy chicken. The place could use a bit of a scrubbin though. Oh well can't have everything, huh.
4	YAY!  YAY!  The glory is back!  After a disappointing visit to another Valley EPL a little while back, I stopped in to give this one a try for lunch today.  I found a clean store, friendly service, terrific food, & a low price taking advantage of one of their coupons.If you want to eat healthy, this is a legitimate option, as they flame broil the chicken, cooking the fat out from under the skin.  They also have healthy sides, such as a salad with a no-fat dressing, steamed veggies, & more.  Choose corn (not flour) tortillas & eat them just rolled up plain & dipped in their free salsas, & you have a great, filling lunch without many calories!  Good luck doing that at the other great fast casual restaurants around the Valley, such as Smashburger!     :-ONow a couple of my Yelpii friends have a hobby of bashing EPL, but as for me, it's back to loving this outfit & hitting one of their locations for lunch every couple of weeks!  Yes!  Yes!  CLUCK-A-MUNDO!     :-))2 Piece Meal $6.29 (leg & thigh)or $7.29 (breast & wing) including drink, or just $5 for either with their easy to find coupons (like that one on your tray)!
5	I've been a fan of the chicken tacos, the side salad with cilantro dressing, and the chips and salsa bar.  It all changed today when I ordered the shrimp and avacado quesadilla...  Oh man, was that tasty!  I loved it...perfect little grilled tortilla with goodness packed inside...The shrimps are good sized and grilled...delicious!  I'm going back tomorrow for more!
5	Always fast and just as good as the first time! I always have the chicken bowl. The portions are good and the chicken is always really good.
2	Wrong order, rude manager after she found out they messed up my order, she just left me at the drive through. I had to remind myself that I'm saved!
3	The national chain won out today over the tiny family taqeueria and the main reason is because if your in the mood for white meat chicken, those mom and pop places don't use that cut, they only use thigh meat. It's a prevalent trend in about 90% of those places. The funny thing was that the cook at El Pollo got mixed up making my two chicken breast grande tacos for 7 bucks (no side or drink included) and used dark meat. Once that was corrected these were very serviceable tacos. They were loaded with pretty good charbroiled white chunks, lettuce and cheese and some sort of salsa. Sour cream and guac were on the side of the fancy plate and the flour tortillas were freshly made as well. They were too big to pick up until you forked some of the insides away. They were supposedly under 500 calories too and hit the spot for a quick meal. It's hard to trust the smaller random places, but if I had more time I would have tried one of the many in this neck of the woods.
