5	This definitely wasn't my first time at Wildflower Bread Company, not by a longshot as I've been to several of the other locations but this was my first visit to their sparkling, brand new location near Arrowhead Mall.  I came in early on a Sunday to pick up some food to go, and as one might expect, the restaurant was packed and things were a little chaotic but the service I received was outstanding, from ordering to waiting for my order to be completed, I don't have a single complaint to be made.     I actually found it rather entertaining sitting at this comfy bar setup they have, watching orders come flying out of the kitchen and getting swooped up quickly, with servers flying around the restaurant.   The person doing the expediting, seemingly a manager, was pretty much on top of everything, with close to a dozen tickets being handled and she was counting down to the exact minute how long each one was taking to be completed, correcting any mistakes, it was very efficient.       My order took somewhat longer than expected, which, as I said, not all that unusual for a Sunday morning, but I received a profuse apology for the delay anyways.  Its clear that they really take the quality of service as well as their food quite seriously.       As for the actual order, the food, as always has been my experience, was fantastic.  The lemon ricotta pancakes I ordered are absolutely my favorite, always mouth-watering and delicious, the others I was eating with enjoyed their selections of cinnamon-raisin french toast and sausage and egg sandwich as well.      So far so good, this new location seems to be off to a great start.  I really like the layout as well, the bar feature is terrific and the overall ambiance is very pleasant.  I'd definitely recommend giving this place a shot. for breakfast, lunch or dinner.   The menu is pretty diverse and there seems to be something for everyone.
5	Awesome lunch spot. Free WiFi and outlets at the bar to plug in your stuff!!
5	My first experience with Wildflower was when I asked a friend to get me anything she would recommend on the menu. She came back with a chicken pesto pasta that knocked my socks off! The basil pesto was not oily, the pasta perfectly al dente, and the chicken was still moist. The spinach and roasted bell pepper was the perfect addition to the party in my mouth. After that, I was hooked.Fast forward to March of 2013, when I have moved 700 miles away from the nearest Wildflower Cafe. The BF and I were in Peoria for Spring Training, and I had a hankering for a light snack, a refreshing tea, and a place to hide from the blazing sun for just a few minutes. We were heading back to the hotel and happened to pass by this location on the way. Excited... I quickly made a U-turn and breathed a sigh of relief.... as I just found my relief.I had a melon green tea, the chopped salad, and a cookie. All were delicious. If we were there before the game, I would have had much, much more. The quality of food at this location mirrors the location that I am used to (Avondale). It is still relatively new, so the booths are fresh and everything still shines. The staff was very friendly and the food came out very quickly.Hoping that this new location is a success so that they can slowly make their way to California!
2	Was not impressed. I had the cream cheese french toast which was too heavy and the bread was too dry. Syrup was too sweet, I know it sounds crazy but it tasted like pure sugar syrup and didn't have the "flavor" of syrup. My friend had the Mediterranean egg sandwich/bagel and said it was ok. Limited breakfast selection, don't offer substitutes or turkey options. Stick to paradise or corner bakery. Popular with the older crowd.
4	All hail to another Wildflower location closer to my Mom and Grandma's house! I have long been a fan of the WBC-and though they took away the bread salad they used to have, this is still one fantastic place. The menu seems more complex than I remembered, but lucky for me, they still have my favorite sandwich on the menu. Service was friendly and efficient. This location is still new, so I suspect they will get the flow of service and food execution down pat. Lots more outdoor seating here then the Deer Valley location and I look forward to many more visits.
3	It is a nice place and the food was OK . We went there for Breakfast and I could not believe the portions of food they give you.. . My Friend order an omelet and it was the smallest omelet i have even seen.. They need to go back up and order more food.. Watch what you order and if you are really hungry please do not go here..
4	Excited that Wildflower has been opened closer to my house!  A great place to come and enjoy breakfast, brunch, lunch, etc.  The restaurant is nice and spacious, lots of table room to do a quick study session before school/ an exam.  The best past is the coffee and they offer SOY milk which is a big PLUS!
2	I normally go to the Biltmore location but yesterday I had a craving for them after my workout so I headed over to the Glendale store. I ordered a Kale salad and my normal go-to Chopped Salad...got home and my Kale salad had pieces of onions in it, I'm sure it was remnants from being prepared in the kitchen since the salad does not include onions normally. I have a onion allergy so I ended up tossing both salads (I bought one for today's lunch & dinner last night), maybe this was a slight error due to it being close to closing time last night (8:15) but I was deeply crushed I wasn't able to enjoy my salad after driving 10 or so miles out of my way to get it.My experience with large catering orders from them for firm meetings at work has been nothing but great in the past, so I won't totally slam them, the food is high quality and great tasting, I just didn't have the best of luck with mine last night.
4	I have to say this place is quite nice. Coming from cali and visiting friends they told me about this place and comparing to panera not bad at all. Customer service is okay but I have to say the manager Jennifer Chen is so nice and very greetful. She is one of the hard worker there as I sit and observe the place. Overall the experience is awesome. Healthy food is my cup of tea.
5	I'm fairly new to WBC but have become a raving fan. This is a new location and it's beautiful. The menu is filled with healthy options. Everything I've had on multiple occasions is fresh with quality ingredients. The service is outstanding and the place is always immaculate including the bathrooms.
5	Amazing. Great service. Fresh food. Clean restaurant. The fun offerings for the holidays are so great for those of us far from home. The day that they opened n the west valley was one of the greatest moments I have had in phoenix. Get the wildflower chicken salad sandwich.
3	Nice layout to this location of Wildflower but between the unstable Wi-Fi and overly loud *pop* certainly not the best place to get any work done.  Friendly servers, as always, and another in a growing local chain perhaps they need time to fine tune, but for now I'll drive the extra miles for a different location.
3	I love the food here but I don't understand how I can come in and order 2 soups to go with only one person ahead of me and it takes 20 minutes.
5	I have been to several other Wildflower locations, but I was really impressed by this particular location.  The ambiance is really cute.  There is a large, bright multi-colored flower light fixture on the ceiling inside.  Outside, the patio is partially covered and has many large wind chimes.  It's the perfect place to relax, and dogs are allowed.  The service was excellent.  The cashier was friendly, and the young man who brought our food was very helpful and courteous.  I ordered the potato soup, and after realizing it contained ham, the manager quickly replaced it with a vegetarian soup.  The best part was the bathroom!  I know, that's kind of weird, but I appreciate a nice bathroom.  The walls were covered in pretty tiles, and the faucet and toilets were automatic.  There was even a shelf with lotions (I per guest).  How nice!  Oh, and the food was great.  I ordered the Wildflower salad and vegetable soup.  It came with bread and savory butter.
4	What a great spot for outside lounging! With plenty of seat choices and wind chimes, we could have relaxed all day and snacked here on tons of options. We enjoyed the inside deco too but on a nice day in Arizona, who sits inside?  We only stopped in for snacks - a chocolate chip cookie for me a red velvet cupcake for him. Both were delicious. Overall: ACan't wait to try more on this menu. Fingers crossed.
4	First and best was that they allow pets on the patio. My dog joined me for lunch after a grueling hour at the dog park. This in itself gets solid marks. As far as decor I spent my time outside and loved it. It was shaded, clean and their staff checked on us several times even bringing water to my dog. Food wise it was right on up there. I had a half sandwich and petite salad which was very filling. The Caesar dressing was obviously home made and they added mushrooms which was a nice touch. The chicken pesto sandwich was excellent but my bread was a tad crispier than I like. All in all a great spot and we will definitely be back, dog included.
4	I didn't get what I ordered, but Wildflower is always such a good environment for catching up with friends.
5	Turkey & Brie Sandwich with the Forest Mushroom soup....OMG YUM-TOWN!!!! Line can get a little long around lunch time but the wait is beyond worth it.  Make sure you get the Blackberry orange lemonade as well....a LARGE and one to go, it's AMAZING!!!!!!!!
5	The vegetarian tomato basil soup is a musttttttt!!!!!!!!!!!!! Omgg, do iiit.. Deeelissshhhhh.My roasted vegetable sandwich was awesome. The sauce they use is a bitter sweet taste. It was yummy, it went perfect with the tomato basil :)Their baked chips is the best chips I ever had. :D
5	This is a good place to be.  I come here frequently and it's always been excellent. The tuna salad, omlets, chocolate muffin, coffee....all very very good. A good place to do computer stuff too....plenty of outlets and I have never had a problem connecting.  Nice outdoor area and a comfortable scene inside and the service and friendliness has always  been impeccable.     If you're not one of those ass type people....then come here and you'll be satisfied.....pain-the-ass people stay away.
5	Their sandwiches are so good. I have never had anything I didn't like here. Five stars!!
4	Good food, fun menu, and pretty good service. No real complaints here...it gets hectic when its busy...but the employees make up for it in kindness and competence :)
4	My wife and I come here quite often, just have not written a review. Simular to many of the sandwich shops. Clean, open layout, appealing looks. You order, get a number go to your table and your meal is delivered. I have many different sandwiches and soups. Everything has always been good. Friendliness? I would put them a cut above the rest of the sandwich shops.
5	The best Reuben sandwich I have ever eaten in my life, the carmelized onion kraut totally made the flavor and the tender shaved thin corned beef was out of this world!
5	This is my Sunday spot!I always have to get their potato cream cheese soup. It is to die for! If you get it in a bread bowl, it is 853157042159 Times better! Yum! Very addicting I love their Tuscan kale salad, roast beef & gorgonzola sandwich, and grilled turkey pastrami sandwich. I have yet to try their pasta! I've also had some breakfast items. So I am a person who hates breakfast food! I hate oatmeal and pancakes and eggs! Wildflower does some justice though! They have steal cut oatmeal and pancakes that taste pretty good. I actually like them! If you haven't been to Wildflower Bread Company, you need to try it at least once! Unless you keep going there ;)
4	This place reminds me a lot of panera bread back at home. I got the almond tuna sandwich along with the wildflower salad but with Caesar dressing since I wasn't too fond of the lemon vinegarette. The salad was amazing but the sandwich was only OK. Did not like the sprouts on the sandwich. My boyfriend got the turkey pastrami and omg, that was delicious! If I could, I would definitely come back for it.
1	This location is poorly run, staff is untrained on computer system and service.  There is no communication among the management who scramble to put out fires.  This location should be closed while kitchen, front, and management are retrained. The bread is terrific.
5	After leaving a review voicing my concerns, I was quickly contacted by the CEO of wildflower bread Company,  he was very concerned about my experience and wanted further details to ensure the problem was taken care of.  This is the type of company and company philosophy that garners my support.
4	This place reminds me of a girlier Panera with better tasting food. I came here for brunch with a friend. I ordered a feta & roasted vegetable egg-white frittata and it was really scrumptious and a healthier option than most other breakfast places. I liked that they substituted the eggs at no extra charge. Other than the fact that the food took awhile to come out - which is perfectly understandable, since it was rather crowded, I have no complaints about my experience here. A great place to have brunch or lunch in the area.
5	Really enjoy the fresh food served here at Wildflower Bread Company. One of our favorite places to dine at for our Saturday lunch dates.
5	Back to one of my favorite eateries. Thank you Wildflower Bread Company. Love your food.
3	Similar to Paradise but with the Panera takeover and Paradise changing this place is a nice alternative. Great bread and different menu items.
5	This place never disappoints. The staff is excellent and the food is delicious and fresh. I love the chicken pistachio pomegranate salad, so yummy! My sister loves the morning glory muffins. This is our go-to lunch spot and we have never had a less than great experience; keep doing what you're doing Wildflower!
4	Great local chain of restaurants!Came here on a Sunday afternoon to do some work. They have free WiFi by the way with plugs at each of the booths.Wasn't that hungry, so I ordered the Turkey Waldorf full salad. It was completely delicious and very filling. It had turkey, apples, grapes, carrots, onions, pecans, and cranberries. Also came with a balsamic vinaigrette. They were a little too generous with the vinaigrette so I will probably ask it on the side next time. Also came with two freshly baked pieces of bread that were very soft and warm and delicious with some butter. Once you order at the register, you just sit down and someone will bring the food to you. Also, once you're done, someone will come and take your plates away. Service was friendly and the atmosphere was bright and clean. I will wait to give it 5 stars until I try more items on their menu.
3	Great salads, but pricey for the setting. Desserts look amazing, but are disappointing. Pastas at dinner tend to be saturated in oil/butter, and leave lots of grease behind. For the price it's worth venturing somewhere else.
4	The Soup in a Bread Boule is hands down the best, tastiest invention ever!!! Sooooo delicious. I would recommend the Potato Cream Cheese!!! We usually order from the office, and this time around I wanted to actually come by the restaurant. Laura took care of me and she was soooo polite and pleasant. I love good customer service! Thank you guys for the great food and an unparalleled customer service!
5	Took my dughter here for some chicken noodle soup. I tried the Autumn Pumpkin and it was delicious.  She had the Turkey with Wild Rice. Both soups came with large chunks of bread. I also got her one of the bottled apple juices, and she didn't like it but I thought it was good because it actually tasted like an apple. Definetly coming back here for a nice lunch.
5	The first time I tried WBC, it was at the Sedona Branch. The Arrowhead branch did not disappoint, either. The staff were as friendly as the Sedona branch. Of course, the food was delicious and the store was very clean. Will keep coming back.
