5	I had issues with my Nissan altima driving from San Francisco. I wanted to find a Nissan specialists and found Ernesto's shop online. First off they have superior customer service and are very humble and trust worthy. Ernesto is very kind.  Although they are closed on the weekends they were kind enough to leave my car in their garage. Monday came and Jose did several tests to find the problem. Come to find out that there was really no major problems. Although they didn't find any problems, I give them 5 stars for their world-class service being a customer from out of town. Thanks Ernesto & Jose!
5	I have taken my old nissan 240sx and they did a wonderful job. Needed the outside power mirror replaced.  Instead of buying a new assembly, they just fixed it with a spare for minimal charges.  They also fixed my mom's maxima's window and tried to figure out the cheapest way to fix instead of replacing all the motors.  They will always have my business when it comes to Nissans.
5	Ernesto is THE BEST. I will never take my car to another shop, and have recommended him to several of my friends. He specializes in Nissan, but I own a Hyundai, and he still takes good care of me. Very honest, fast, knowledgeable and fair. Makes getting my car repaired not as harrowing and dreadful of an experience as going to other repair shops/dealers.
5	Went to Ernesto because of Yelps reviews. They were dead on. Good dude that'll treat you better than fair. I'll be back!!
5	They are GREAT, I am a widow in my 50's, just moved in LV for the past year.  I've never took care of my cars, I had to change the oil, and I've received from the Nissan dealer many notes that I have to do that, and that to my car. When I went to Ernesto and asked him what I have to do to my car, he said, JUST the oil and the filters!!I'm a happy customer! Please give a chance to small businesses!!! Ernesto and his stuff are great!
5	I give Ernesto's Service 5 stars because the review will not let me give 10;18 years ago I moved to Las Vegas with my 1989 300 ZX, overheard a clerk in the supermarket talk about getting his Nissan serviced by "his guy" a Nissan specialist, my ears perked up...NISSAN specialist, his guy? I asked for the address & phone number, my car was in need of service. In 1995 as it is today I did not need an appointment, Ernesto said just come on in. He checked the car top to bottom, all I needed was an oil change and had the tires rotated, I was in and out of the shop in 30 minutes. In the past 18 years Ernesto and his top notch mechanic Jose have taken care of my car better than I ever expected anyone would do. Few years ago the headlight switch broke, part no longer available since it's a "mature" car as Ernesto refers to my almost 25 year old baby. He and Jose built a switch for me...Seriously who does that? I've had some issues due to the age of the car but Ernesto has always come through, some issues have taken some time due to the availability of parts but he got it done, I love getting the phone call "I got the part" His specialty is Nissan's but he services other vehicles, I also have a 12 year old Chevy Trailblazer he keeps in tip top shape for me. I have recommend friends that are delighted with the service and honesty. I highly recommend Ernesto Service, he is knowledgeable with every little noise the car makes. My car made an awful noise so we took her for a drive around the block, immediatley after Ernesto heard the noise he knew what it was, I was amazed. Recently I became friends with a mechanic, we talked about an issue my car had and due to the age it was difficult to get the part, my friend offered to look at my car but I told him no thank you I have a mechanic who takes care of her. My friend asked who the mechanic is I told him Ernesto he said I have the best in the business he would not even try to stear me away from him!!! That is the best compliment anyone can receive when one mechanic has such high praise of another.
5	Car repairs are never fun. I hear, "you need to fix this, that is broken" and I want to have the car entirely junked, buy a new one, and start all over. Only, I'm not rich so, inevitably, I have to pay for the work to be done. This review is for the repairs on my 2001 Nissan Xterra. The thing had been leaking what I thought was oil (turns out, it was coolant) all over. The "service engine" light was also on. I took it to a shop I normally go and was quoted $1500. Diagnosis: knock sensor was off, radiator was shot along with all the pipes and stuff accompanying it. So, rather than okaying the work and expense, I asked whether the work was critical. Guy said depends. He advised I put coolant into car and see how things went over the next couple days. He also said I could let the knock sensor go which would save me $500 but I couldn't get a smog with that light on. I decided to forgo the work, now quoted at $1000 minus knock sensor repair, and wait it out.  Two days later, coolant was once again leaking, in a bad way, and car had overheated. The original owner of the car recommended I take it into Ernesto's. The next morning, I dropped the car off there. I didn't make an appointment yet they diagnosed the car anyway: radiator and pipes, throttle sensor was off (not the knock sensor) and there was NO OIL in the car. Er, no oil????? The other shop said nothing about no oil. Cost of repair:$750. I had them do the work and the car was ready by 4 pm the same day (remember, I didn't even have an appointment!). The car is running great now and no issues. 100% satisfied with Ernesto's.
5	If you have a Nissan this is where to go...no bs and he'll tell you exactly what it is and it's reasonable
5	I cringe at the thought of having to visit any car repair shops.I always leave feeling like I could have gotten a better deal somewhere else and that I may have been cheated. This IS NOT how I feel when I leave Ernesto's Service. I feel like I got the work done for the right price by the right people. I have brought my Jetta and Honda here for work and won't go anywhere else!!
5	If you have a Nissan this is THE ONLY place to go in town for service!Ernesto is a gentleman and a scholar.When my "Service Engine Soon" light came on I took my car to him.He told me the issue and said it was nothing that needed to be repaired.No charge.That never happens at a car place!He has a customer for life.
5	Nothing wrong with your car, no charge, no worries!  Ernesto's is the place that I first heard that from a repair shop.  I would never go anywhere else!
5	Ernesto is awesome! Definitely the place to go for Nissans. We've had Hondas for years and when we bought our Nissan, our Honda guy told us to go see Ernesto. He does a great job with our Murano and is reasonably priced. Highly recommended!
