2	I used to be a fan but their new hours prevent me from using them.  Additionally, they've been shrinking my clothes and when I pay them for repairs they don't get done at all let alone properly.  Suffice to say, I'm searching for a new dry cleaner close to my home.
2	We've used them a few times for alterations, which have been very slow (as in, promised by a certain time and a week later still not done). They have a sign up which says they clean leather, but when I asked about it, they told me they send it to another place locally, so it would be cheaper to go there directly. I went, and it wasn't. So maybe just use them for men's shirts, because they have a great price on those, and leave the finer pieces to another shop.
1	The worst cleaners ever. Moronic and rude women. My comforter was due on tuesday. I go in on wednesday and they tell me to drive to their other store to look into it since they weren't answering the phone. No, I won't. Called late wednesday and they say maybe it will be done on friday... Never again.
1	Dropped off laundry and dry cleaning:  25-30 pieces.  Had a great front desk service when I was there during the week; picked up my clothes on a Saturday and was met by the most unfriendly woman I have met in the service industry in some time.No "hello"  No "thanks for spending 125.00"...just a mean glare when I asked that she help me count the pieces to be certain it was all there...I asked if she was the owner and she said "nope" to which I replied "good thing since you are very unfriendly"....she could have cared less...my money will go elsewhere which is terrible since I live so close...their loss.
1	I wish I could give zero stars. I live nearby so I was hoping I could use this dry cleaner. I went in yesterday with a few clothing items. Problems: 1) They didn't have their prices listed anywhere in the store 2) The woman behind the counter was rude when I asked her how much it would be to dry clean my clothing items. I found it strange that when I asked her the price to dry clean she didn't know and had to punch a bunch of numbers on a calculator to finally tell me that my suit pants would cost $6+, the skirt would be $6+ and the jacket would be $7+. I couldn't believe it. No thanks. I will be driving two miles out of my way to go to the cleaners futher north on 7th Ave that charge less than $2 per item.I can't believe people patronize this business. Anyone who pays $7+ to get a suit jacket dry-cleaned must be a millionaire with money to burn or a moron. Don't be a moron.
5	This place is hard to find at first (it's on the first floor of the Viad Tower), but they are great!  It's a family owned business and they care about the customer.Efrin is so nice and polite!  They are reasonably priced and do a great job.  I have never had any issues and they remember me every time I walk in.  They also validate parking, so make sure to bring in your ticket.I will be a longtime customer!
