5	Because i am relatively handy with home improvements, i try to save a buck and to most of our home improvements myself. EXCEPT electrical. i have gotten shocked far too many times to realize i don't understand how electrical re-wiring works, so when i came upon a home improvement coupon from Weforia for 3 hours of work, i jumped on it to have some kitchen pendant lights installed. Douglas handled all the coupons and he did the work on our project. He arrived promptly and laid out protective coverings on our countertops and floors. he did not seem the typical home improvement handyman....usually they say things to you making you feel like a complete idiot. but douglas was extremely polite and professional. in 3 hours, he had cut new holes in our ceiling, re-routed the wiring, and installed 3 wonderful pendant lights in our kitchen. AND he even cleaned up everything after he was finished. he is back today to preview our next project, installing a range exhaust fan. unfortunately, he informed us he is leaving Blue Rose, but the owner, Jareed, will be doing our install. too bad because Douglas is everything a professional home improvement expert should be.
1	If I could give this company less than one star, I would.  My experience has been terrible.This company was contracted a month ago to do the following for our home:  replace the flooring in the bathrooms upstairs and downstairs, paint some of the walls, install screens for the windows, and replace a damage patio sliding door.  What my husband and I were told was going to be a streamlined, customer-friendly process that would take no more than two weeks has turned into a month-long process that has yet to be completed.Flooring:  The downstairs kitchen, vanity bathroom, and two upstairs bathroom had vinyl flooring.  After some discussion, our contact at this company, Jered, suggested that ceramic-tile flooring would be a good choice.  Admittedly, he seemed knowledgeable and confident about the information he provided us.The installation of the flooring, however, was a different matter altogether.  We were quoted an installation time frame of four days; it actually took six.  I will state that the color and pattern of the tile were impressive and fit the house well.However, the worst part of the flooring process was when it was completed.  The professional moved all our appliances back into the right spot, but he forgot to connect drainage hose to the back of our washing machine.  One night at 10 p.m., my husband went downstairs to wash some clothes and came back upstairs to get some schoolwork done.  Ten minutes later when he went back downstairs to check on the status of the clothes, the entire kitchen, laundry room, and part of the garage was flooded with water more than an inch high.  The water also damaged some of the carpeting in the living room.  We stayed up until 1 a.m. cleaning up this water.We informed Jered and his company, and he promptly came out along with the original floor installer to review and rectify the situation.  He was very apologetic.  He re-connected the hose and committed to having the living-room carpet steam-cleaned.  To allow them time to work, we decided to head to Southern California for several days.  Three days later when we returned, the carpet was still damp, and there was a moldy smell in the house.Painting:  This was an incredible experience.  The company contracted two painters to handle making touch-ups to several of the rooms in our house.  (The price quoted for full-on painting was beyond our threshold.)  These painters offered grandiose solutions but, ultimately, never followed through and became a bit stalker like.The first day they were supposed to come to start the painting, they called off due to being busy with another assignment.  The second day, they actually showed up and spent four hours here caulking and, honestly, talking.  The third day coincided with the time we left to go to Southern California to allow all the contractors free reign to the house.  We found out when we returned and saw the moldy carpet that the painters never showed up.  When we questioned Jered about this, we were told that the painters had car issues but would show up on Monday morning--AT 6 A.M.That morning, they called to say that they were on their way but were delayed by traffic.  Two hours later, no painters.  An hour later, we received a call from Jered stating that one of the painters was vomiting in the car and had to go home.  We fired the painters and were on the precipice of firing Jered and his company.Fast forward several weeks (this week), and his company FINALLY finished the painting.  The amount of issues that they had matching paint was an embarrassment to the painting profession.  (If I can also add a comment:  The painter that he brought in to replace the other two was a nice fellow, but every day he would show up at our house, he would have his music blaring so loudly through his SUV that I could feel the vibrations in the ground.  Not professional at all and definitely disruptive to the community we live in.)Screen installation:  The screens finally came in at the end of last week.  I happened to be out of town when they were installed, but my husband was here.  When I arrived home, you could imagine my surprise when I opened my window in my home office, and the screen fell from the second-story window.  When I checked all the other screens, they were too small.  I could move them around easily and with a flick of my finger, knock them out of the window.  Jered installed these.  As of this week, we're still waiting for the replacement screens to arrive.There were an assortment of other issues that I won't even bother detailing here, since this review should make the point.  This has possibly been one of the most unprofessional, disorganized, disastrous professional relationships I have been in.  In the coming months, we'll have some more work to be done.  We'll look elsewhere for sure.
5	Jared with Blue Rose Home Improvements does amazing work. He did a bunch of work for my girl friends mom in downtown phoenix. He originally went there to build a custom closet for her newly purchased town home. Her home has a very industrial feel and Jared was able to take the closet and run with it. He is a man of details, from the look of the wheels that roll along the track to the squeaky sound that they make when they roll. After building out the closet he also helped her fix her shower and a bunch of other miscellaneous tasks around the house. The shower had to be completely rebuilt because the original builders did not build it to code. Jared went in, fixed the issue and made sure it was up to local building standards. The creativity that flows from Blue Rose is top notch. When you discuss your idea with them, they go above and beyond to give you a top quality product. If your looking for a home improvement contractor in Phoenix, contact Jared at Blue Rose Home Improvements.
5	Great work by Jared and his guys! We had everything done from a partial kitchen remodel to a new shower to put in to all new lighting put in. All was done very timely, and extremely professional. Anytime we do another home improvement we will be calling Jared for sure.
5	My roof, garage door, ac/heater, and trim were destroyed on my house in a major storm.   I was facing the biggest insurance claim I ever hope to make.  Jared and his crew handled everything.  I loved the improvements!Then! Four years later, when I went to sell the house, I had lost the contract the buyers needed to prove the great warranty on the materials.  Jared helped me track it down!  Great service.  Excellent respect.  These are the guys you want on your side!!
