1	Sort of a combination of a bar/diner type of place. For cheap beer, television and maybe ok fried appetizers & sides this is an ok choice if you are in the area but if you are looking for decent food probably not, at least  based on my sandwich.  The garden veggies sandwich was basically cold bread, with a cold small mushroom that had been sauteed at some point and sliced in to 4 or 5 thin slices a with a ton of pepper sprinkled on it, a piece of cold tomato, lettuce and avocado that must have just come out of the freezer because it was a slush, I literally bit through ice. The fries as a side were ok but for an $8 sandwich it was very lacking.  Can't vouch for the rest of the menu so maybe some of the other choices are decent but the one I had makes me think whoever was "cooking" just throws simple things together without much thought into what they might taste like. Even a simple warming of the bread would have been nice. I hope some other people try it out to see if other parts of the menu are ok - or try the bar- they have a happy hour special before 7pm and after 10pm that includes half price drinks and appetizers.  Happy that there's a non-chain option in this spot of Chandler but very disappointed in the quality of food.
4	Good prices, friendly staff, decent food most times. If you're nearby definitely worth a stop instead of one of the dumps nearby like Dark Horse.
2	As much as I want to love this local restaurant, I just don't.  The staff is wonderful, great selection of drinks, but the food is just...eh.  The American Potato Chips are delicious as are the fries.  But when you venture past that, it gets hit or miss.  The Garlic Chicken Pasta was so greasy I could hardly eat it.  The Classic Philly is great, but the French Dip is (according to my hubby) really doesn't have much taste. We'll try again, hoping that they've worked the kinks out of the place.
1	We went to Sandstone for the first time becasue of all the great review in the paper and other media outlets.  They noted a "great chef" on site.  We attended the night of a Suns game to have a great neighborhood atmosphere...it was bad!First the place only had 3 people working, it is a bar by the way, a bartender, a server, and a prep cook...we waited until half time of the game for our food...we should have walked out,btw we were the first customer in the bar and ordered first....Food was poor.  They said homemad onion rings, they were cold and pre-cooked, chips were good...my wife ordered a pasta dish from the menu, and the bartender said he has never heard of it, so she got a kids hamburger, ok.  son got fajita's all fat....I ordered fish and they did not have it, I got a salad...They still took over an hour to get us our food.Sorry no one should go there, will not go back.
5	Holy Moly, I'm shocked Sandstone doesn't have a better review!  Talk about a family owned business where they'll not only remember your name but come around the bar and give you a hug when  you stop by!  The drink prices are great, generously mixed, and it's always a fun laid back crowd.  Want different music?  Just ask or plug your ipod in.  And who doesn't love video poker?!We held a charity function here where Jeff cooked us a special steak dinner, hired extra help, and about killed himself ensuring the event was amazing.  I'll come back time and time again to support this amazing family owned business by having some drinks with my girls.  What's better in Chandler?  The d'bags you'll meet at Sandbar?  No thanks!  And PS- The steak was amazing!  :)
4	Groupon got us into Sandstone Cafe, and although I recommend it for the food, you need to understand a couple things. The food is worth waiting for, even if they are shorthanded. The evening we were there (6 p.m. on 2-11-11, a Friday), they had one person serving in the bar and one in the restaurant area, which was closed due to a Toastmaster's meeting. We sat in the bar at a small table and were perfectly happy, but getting kicked out of the restaurant area after wandering in there was kind of surprising. We watched another Groupon couple come in, look around, and settle uncomfortably in the bar. These older folks looked like they would have turned and ran - they never did look happy. The word "cafe" was a misnomer on this night, as the bar was all there was. With only two servers running ragged, we waited quite a while to order and then to eat, and our server (who was a really nice guy) forgot our dressing. We both had the basic burger, which was a little over $6 and included any topping you wanted, like bacon, tomato, lettuce, carmelized onions, etc. - but not, surprisingly, cheese. We tried the onion rings, which was an additional $2 each (it would have been $1 for fries). The rings were very good, although not hot and fresh enough, but I can chalk that up to a busy kitchen and wait staff, and give them another chance. The burgers were excellent - I usually can't finish a restaurant burger, but I couldn't put this one down.
2	That's great that they are a locally owned business and they have cheap drinks and food at Happy Hour.  But it is an ugly, boring location with an ugly, boring menu.  My brother-in-law loves this place but I just don't get it.
5	Went here on a Sunday night with my dad. Walked in and thought "oh, it's just a sports bar." Almost turned around and left but the guy behind the bar (who turned out to be the co-owner) was so cool and friendly that we stayed. BOY AM I GLAD WE DID! It was a slow night with good college football on and all the patrons seemed to know each other, very Cheers like. And we were treated to some really REALLY delicious burgers and great beer! What a great night filled with good food and some fun new friends! I'll absolutely be back!
1	Sandstone Cafe is a bit off the beaten path.  It sits right next to a Fry's on the Southeastern corner of Ray and McClintock, tucked away on the side in a strip mall.  We recently purchased a $1 Groupon for a $15 lunch through a promotion that they involved themselves in.I'd love to tell you that the food was amazing and that the service was perfect, but I can't.  The reason?  They were closed on the one day that they were participating in the Groupon promotion that only lasted for Friday, from 11am to 6pm.  My wife and I went there for lunch near 1:30 and noticed that their parking lot was completely empty.  When we pulled up to the door there was a sign stating that they were closed until 3pm.  What kind of restaurant runs a promotion for lunch and then is _closed_ during it?  I feel like the people running the place have cheated their potential customers out of the chance to try their restaurant.  Bottom line?  I won't be returning to try their food, even if it's close to my job, because I feel that honesty and integrity are necessary components to running a good business, and I don't want even my mere $1 to contribute to an establishment that runs without them.  If I could give them zero stars, I would.  I cannot recommend that you stay away from this place enough.
