4	New to Montreal, I found a listing for a small Swedish indie pop band called "Little Dragon". I managed to convince my bf to venture there and we got of the De Castelnau metro in a quiet, snowy, deserted place (but this was a Tuesday night in January.) The show was $15 which I think it very reasonable. There was a coat check that unfortunately was FULL, so we had to hold our massive amounts of clothes the whole time. Il motore is a very small venue that would perhaps fit max 150 people (maybe less??). Anyway it seemed like the perfect intimate size for a indie band - and it was!. The crowd that night seemed to be in their 20 -30s and seemed pretty un-affected in general, more like a student crowd than a scene. Beers cost $5-6 and shots $4, although our first round was severely discounted for some reason yay :)We got there at 10pm, with the place already packed and the opening act playing, and it was still going when we left at 12:30. Definitely want to go back, although I might have to do some research of their future acts as I have never heard of them.
4	Great live music venue, walking distance from the metro, St Laurent, Little Italy, Jean Talon Market - it can be a little tough to fill if you book it for your own event since it is a bit outside the Plateau / Mile End bubble but that's changing fast. Much of the booking happening at Il Motore is genius (not surprising since the space is owned by exceptional indie promoters Blue Skies Turn Black, and booking goes through the community-building champs at Casa del Popolo / Sala Rosa.) If you luck out you can see amaaaazing musicians play here to a cozy and appreciative crowd, and have drinks with them afterwards at the bar.
5	Awesome venue run by great people. Great music awaits here.
4	Nice local venue. They always have great bands playing there.
4	This place is awesome, simply because they consistently get the best live bands in Montreal year round. The Blue Skies Turn Black people do a great job putting on shows here. I sometimes come when I don't even know the bands, and it's usually really good.
5	Il Motore is probably one of my favorite venues in the city. Most of the best shows I've seen in the past years took place there. It's also one of the few venues where I always have a good time, no matter if the place is crowded or not. I like the fact that it's not located in the mile-end/plateau. It's nice to see shows somewhere else, sometimes. The staff is very sweet and the show tickets are usually cheap. You should go more often!
5	Il Motore is dead, long live Il Motore. The bar has been renovated and renamed with support from new partners who are the folks behind Alexandraplatz and some of the best music to ever come out of Montreal (P.D.B. stands for Punks Don't Bend.) They (with the craftsmanship of Badger Services, handsome gents behind the look of many of Montreal iconic bars and cafes, Cardinal, Sparrow, Odessa, etc.) swapped the stage from the front to the back of the room, making it feel more welcoming and less awkward when you walk in. They added brightly coloured wood panelling, almost like lego blocks, all around the stage that's bright and warm both in look and sound... and still totally fucking thunderous when being torn apart by bands like the Solids who incited a glorious full bar mosh pit this weekend during Pop Montreal. Still owned by Blue Skies Turn Black the booking here will remain exceptional, never fear. The bar is along the side now, and it's been upgraded with a beautiful glowing vintage bar back. The staff are the same core team, plus a few local sweethearts you'll recognize from other bars in the neighbourhood, same generally funny no bullshit sweet music loving family vibe. There are new and incredibly good local beers on tap including Trou du Diable's Saison du Tracteur (my favourite.) When they open officially mid-October, word is they will be open every day starting around 3pm. So we can hang out there not just for shows but for regular hugs and post work story-swapping. This is the best news ever and I can't wait for it to prove true, when it does I'll be there all winter.
4	What a renovation! The last time I was at this place, I was in its previous incarnation Il Motore, for a music show produced by a friend.  So, the changes: the bar has been moved to the side, and the stage is at the back; the stage has been minimized, and the design's been changed, for the better.  The coat check area has been opened up, and aired out, to offer more space for incoming crowds.Well done, guys. It's a new space, for a new crowd, but with lots of potential. Hooray!
