5	First off I don't know why it says they are closed, they did just recently move locations though. I was extremely happy with their service! I had 3 different quotes and will say that Scott really listened to what I needed and came up with an excellent product. I had him install carpet through out the house and guest house and install tile in the bathroom and guest house entry. To compare the other quotes he was priced right (very similar to one quote) and lower than Empire (Which I would NEVER EVER USE) Empire tried to quote an inferior product and still was higher and used pressure sales person (typical bate and switch). But Scott's Custom Flooring came in did a beautiful job and their clean-up was good too. Thank you Scott - I have already recommended you to 3 people looking for work!
5	Honest, honest, honest.  Best way to describe Scott!  What a treat to know you can trust a business.  I hired Scott to add some tile to my home.  He arrived at my home and after assessing the situation, told me not to proceed.  He could have so easily taken my money.  His honesty cost him a sale but as soon as I need any flooring done, I will call Scott again!  Call Scott's flooring with full confidence!
1	I dealt with Roxy.  I scheduled an appointment for her to come to my house to measure and bring me some samples.  On the day of the appointment she called to tell me that she did not have the samples with her but she did want to come by and measure and see the other flooring in my house to try and match.  When she got to my house, she kept mentioning a tile which looked like wood- which I told her specifically that I did not want tile.Then when she told me her pricing ($3/sq ft) for installation.  I told her that she was double the price of others.  She explained that her company has to hire a subcontractor and then still make a profit.  So- they are basically a middle man.  She then stated that she would come back the next day and bring some samples.  She never showed up or called.  Very unprofessional.  My suggestion is to eliminate the middle man and find someone who installs themselves.
2	I used Scotts Flooring a year ago to put in new hardwood floors throughout my house. From the start things ran smoothly. They gave me a fair quote and showed up on time to all appointments. The floors went in smoothly and looked great. Why the two stars? Well the job was never really finished. We had Scotts take out about two inches thick of satillo tile and repaced with hardwood flooring. We have a fireplace with same flooring. They took it out for us as well and replaced it with a different tile that matched the floors. The replacement tile had very sharp edges and i have a baby so I asked them to round the edges or something. They said they had done all that was paid for and washed their hands of the issue. Which was true, the fireplace was not included in the original quote and i told them I would pay to have it completed well, but I think they had other projects to move onto and were done with me. After several no return calls i gave up and sought my own solutions. On top of that the installer left several gaps in the flooring between the cabinets and the wood. They came in to fix it, but their fixing the gap looked messy and they still missed lots of spots that were never completed. I eventually gave up trying to get their help. They had their money and were done with my needs. My floors looked great and if you're not taking out two inches worth of satillo tile you probably won't have the gap issues we had and they'll probably do a good job. If you're replacing satillo, really do your research and do not pay in full until you've gone over every single crack in the floor.
4	Scott's Custom Flooring ReviewMy condo was torn apart by water damage. My kitchen, hall bathroom, and tile flooring throughout most of the condo was ruined and had to be completely replaced. Entire walls needed to be rebuilt, electrical outlets had to be fixed, my entire tub and shower replaced, the bathroom vanity and kitchen sink reworked, flooring redone, as well as a significant re-plaster and paint job. It was difficult at first finding a contractor who could do the entire job, and do it at a price the insurance company would cover. Fortunately we found Scott's Custom Flooring. Although they only have flooring in their name, their network of subcontractors were able to do the entire scope of what needed to be done. And even better, the price was exactly what was needed. The office staff (Dawn and Remy) were very responsive and easy to work with, and when one of the subcontractors had trouble with part of the job, they quickly brought in someone else that did excellent work in finishing up (thank you Jeff and Mike). The flooring crew was also excellent (Simon, Ben, Carlos, Mario and Joe). The result is I have back my beautiful place. All in working order and I am happy with the results. Thank you Scott's Custom Flooring. Samantha
