3	What could be the difference between Jamba juice and this one?... similar flavors, similar colors.... I really don't know what is the improvement. I just know that it sucks that they don't offer all their menu in the small size. What's up with the  super size me cups??? After all that sugar, it can be that healthy as they promote it. This one just happens to be located in a very strategic place. Would be nice to have their Azai smoothie in smaller sizes.
4	I was impressed with their menu and drink selection. 3 different sized cups, all kinds of flavors. They also have these "bowls" which look so enticing! Consists of fruit, granola, acai, honey etc. they have a few different  kinds but they look so good for being healthy for ypu :). Honestly, i think they have maybe more to offer than Jamba does. I had the Pina-cool-ada, and i feel in love with it. They break down the calories of each drink depending which size cup you get also. I'm all about information at my fingertips and they had everything I needed/wanted to know laid out nicely.  You get a free boost as well.. fat burner, energy etc. They also serve different kinds of pretzels as well. It was my first visit here so forgive me because i know i am leaving some things off...but this goes to show you the menu is extensive cause I damn sure cannot remember all of it.Next time you're in the mood to get your juice on.. Check out Juice it up... see if it titillates your senses as it did mine. :0
3	This place is a bit closer to my work than Jamba, so I was looking forward to giving it a try.  Overall it was a pretty lackluster experience, and I don't plan and going back.  After gazing upon the menu for a couple minutes looking for some kinda fruit/veggie blend, I finally asked the clerk if they had anything and he said "Nah, not really...".  It's all sugary fruit blends, with the only veggie being a Carrot Juice.I think I'll save myself the onset of diabetes and give this place a pass...
1	I went to this shop to get fresh squeezed juice. I reviewed the website before visiting and found that they had many fresh juice options. However, when I got to the shop all they offered was carrot, apple or orange juice. They did not offer any othet combinations of fruits and vegetables. The associate told me that they no longer offer the other varieties because they found it to be a loss of money because nobody ever purchased the juices and the fruit and vegatables were going bad too quickly. To say the least I was very disappointed and tried the Soy Sensation instead. I was not overly excited about this smoothie. I will not return to this shop unless they decide to add more juices to the menu. I would recommend updating the website and possibly changing the name since juices are not a top priority. Huge let down.
4	We were craving for an Acai bowl so what did we do?  We searched "Acai Bowl" on Yelp for the nearest location.  The pictures looked good so we decided to give this place a shot.  This location is right next to the movie theaters (south side).  The Acai bowl was delicious and filling.  I believe it was around $6-7.  IMO, the acai bowl is better here than at Jamba juice.
4	Love the pomegranate with protein boost. Can't even tell there is protein powder in it.
2	This one will be short.    We were shopping and on impulse stopped in here for a smoothie.  They had an ad in the window for a free smoothie with the purchase of a $25 gift card.  Cool, right?Well, they said they didn't have any gift cards.  Annoying.  I don't want to say "bait and switch", but really??Then we decided we wanted the next larger size cup.  You'd think they'd be happy to do that, right?  Wrong.  Already made the smoothie in the smaller cup.  Can't you just put that in a bigger cup and top it off?  No.Yes, I'm serious.  It's ridiculous.  No attempt to accommodate us at all.  The smoothie itself was OK.  Not great, but not bad.  But the customer service really sucked, and no evidence the girl was at all sorry about it.  She can't claim to have been rushed because there was only one other person in line.Not going back.  Too many other options for our impulse snacking dollars.
3	Pros: I know it's insane to pay $6 for juice, but it's worth it! I can't stay away. The service is quick and friendly-ish. Cons: price, parking, hours of operation
1	We ordered a smoothie, waited patiently for 20 min. We were the only ones who ordered. 3 couples came in, ordered after us, but got their drinks before we did. Naturally, after seeing other pple get their drinks before us, I asked if they were still making our smoothie.This guy must've been having a bad day. Right away, he started yelling at us. Making excuses his juice machine was broken, I needed to calm down, etc. I said ok. 5 min later, he asked us what we ordered. We told him, turns out he gave the drink to the wrong customer. Instead of just re making the drink, he started yelling, saying we weren't paying attention, giving him and his employee attitude. He just gave us our money back and yelled at us to get out. The other customers left too after seeing his response. Extremely unprofessional, rude, and just plain disgusting attitude. Was an african american employee, claimed he was the owner.Lol we just wanted a smoothie.. he accidentally gave away our drink, blamed his machine, made us wait 25 min just to kick us out cause he was too embarassed to apologize. We were extremely confused. Maybe the juice is good, idk.. we never got to try cause the employee made a mistake, ans then kicked us out because he was too embarassed to apologize.
2	I love this brand but this particular location is terrible.  Todau I had a mango smoothy that had hard things in it. I can only hope it was from a mango pit. The blenders are so load I couldnt place an order.  I had to repeat my order three tomes between blender cycles. And this isnt the first bad experience I have had at this location. The francjise o wner should take a little pride in ownership is my suggestion. Hire some employees wh o arent miserable everytime I go in there.
5	Had an immunity juice and it was perfect. I juice at home, but I was in Mesa where people were eating pizza and I needed to get my juice fix.Kale, spinach, apples, celery, cucumbers and more were in my juice... tasty!Large 32 oz was about $8, typical price for a very large juice.The store was clean with fast and pleasant service.
2	Smoothies were decent but floors and counters were filthy would definitely fail a county health inspection. Visited 1/25/14
1	Extremely disappointed during my last visit here. I came in during the evening and was immediately bombarded by rap music playing over the stereo system, with every other lyric using the N-word.Now, I regularly listen to songs like this on my own time, and I'm pretty sure the owner does not know his employees are playing their music with this kind of offensive profanity.To be specific, the song I heard playing was "My Nigga" by YG.In addition, the service was slow. I was waiting at the counter 5 minutes before I even saw an employee. He told me he would be just a moment more. Instead of waiting for him to do the more important thing (probably switching the song to "Boss Ass Bitch"), I went elsewhere.
1	Quite possibly one of the filthiest establishments I have ever been in. And this is no exaggeration. In addition, the employee who served me seemed like she wanted to end her life. I'm not sure who owns this particular franchise but my hope is that she/he does regular inspections and checks up on employees. Maybe they don't? Maybe they don't even care, hence why there's an overall sense of "idgaf" in the air. I planned on getting a wheat grass shot but when I saw the Machine hadn't been cleaned out from the previous customer I decided not to. The menu that they had placed on the cash register was covered in what I assumed was just a random smoothie explosion. The floors were dirty, there were straws on the floor, wrappers, food remnants. It's ground up fruit in a cup, so of course it tastes good . The 5 star reviewers, you guys should just go by yourself a blender. There is nothing special about this place. Overall they should be embarrassed.
1	I went to this business earlier today and left disappointed. The location wasn't very clean and it took over 15 minutes to get my smoothie. On top of that 3 other people got their smoothie before they started making mine, even though they ordered afterwards. I recommend avoiding this location in the future.
1	Store hours are wrong. Opened after 11am. They were not prepared and when we walked in the young lady uses rags to clean the floor the placed them on the front counter. So not going back to this place.
2	I LOVE the evergreen smothie but lately they SUCK. the smotthie tastes like crap either way to sweet or sour. Rude people..
5	Nice place   very cool the owner works there too. I went 2 times last week. First for a juice smoothie and then a veggie fresh one since I am trying to cut back on sugar. i must say the service was very friendly and more than just the dumb " have a nice day bs"  I waited 7-8 minutes but it was well worth it since it looked like peak time. since i go to harkins alot , im sure i will be back
3	I got the pineapple punch smoothie. It was very tart and I got the medium size.. I couldn't really finish it all because my taste buds were going crazy...
3	the juices are good, but their system for making drinks is all out of whack.  I ordered my two drinks when no one else was in the store.  they made one of my drinks, and then started to make drinks for the person that ordered AFTER me in line.  it literally took 15 minutes to get my second drink.  my boyfriend ate his entire lunch in the time it took me to wait for that second drink! no bueno.
1	Idk what juice bar the  5 star reviewers are going to but It couldn't be this one.Been here 3 times first time was after a workout I wanted a juice but they stop juicing an hour early. So I got a smoothie they guy seemed a little annoyed but I just figured they wanted to close and were tired. I know that feeling. 2nd time they got my order wrong and it was obvious they were annoyed. I came a little few min before they closed once I got my bowls we sat outside and when I realized it was the wrong one they locked and closed the store. Luckily I liked with the bowl they gave me but was really craving PB not berries. Anyway the 3rd and last time I came with my BF so he can try a juice this was the nearest one, once he saw how dirty it was he didn't want anything so I ordered a custom juice the guy seemed really annoyed and GOT MY ORDER WRONG AGAIN. After that I'm not gonna go back.
3	Miserable employees. Will give three stars because I haven't tried the smoothies and they are most likely good. But some employees need to clock out of that funk ass attitude before they clock in to work. I left empty handed and disappointed.
3	This place was alright. It was like a rush hour when me and some of my friends went. So, it was quite a wait. I think I got the lucky lemon punch and thought it wasn't so bad but was a little watery. My friend got something else, but hers was really watery. They ended up getting her a new one and in a bigger size.
2	I came here yesterday for the first time and I was highly disappointed. The wait was too long and my Ever Green SMOOTHIE was wayyy too watery. I told one of the workers and she told me to wait and that she'll make me another one and it took about 15 minutes before I got my drink. Maybe next time I'll try something else besides a smoothie.
1	If I could give Zero stars I would. The staff is unbelievably rude, has a superiority complex, and think that their shit doesn't stink. Their Acai bowl had the stems and leafs of strawberries in it and the bananas were brown and the acai was extremely watery. If you want quality, go to Thrive!, not this backwater "juice" joint. Don't waste your time or your money.
2	Kind of grossed out reading all these reviews about how dirty it is. When I have went I did not notice that.I have been here twice and was not impressed either time. I'll admit, I can be pretty picky when it comes to smoothies, and these are just sub par. Last time I got a Strawberry Delight, thinking that it would be a safe choice, but I was just not into it. Threw it away after a few sips, just wasn't feeling it.I do not desire to come back here, especially after reading everything about the poor sanitation, so nasty!
4	I had fast friendly service and a great recommendation from the staff... Evergreen smoothie with kale spinach apple lemon pineapple and sherbet
1	This place is ridiculous! I went in to get a smoothie and there was no one there except me and the two friends of the employees there. They finally noticed me and asked me what I wanted, made it and the guy just put his hand out for money when he did not even tell me what the amount was. This happened on September 1, 2014 at about 230pm. Unprofessional and will not be going back to this place!!!! Horrible! I hope management sees this and does something.
1	The staff here is extremely rude, I mean it's almost like they go out of their way to be jerks. To top it off, if you pay with a credit card, they have the audacity to turn the screen towards you and ask for a tip. I won't be going back.
5	I ordered 2 evergreens about 3 hours ago on my lunch break, usually the evergreens are super delish, but they were really sour I didn't try them before I left the place, I was in a hurry since I work in south Phoenix and this is the closest juice it up:) so on my way back home I stopped by since it's on my way back home, I had frozen them at work so they were still slushy a little.I asked if I could get new ones and showed them the sour ones and right away they made me delicious ones yummy!!!! I know sometimes we make mistakes and I knew the girl that had attended me was new because I go in there all the time and it was the first time seeing her.I appreciate you guys a lot!Mamma is happy and baby is happyLol I've been craving these sooo muchThank you juice it up!
