5	Ok so I love Lucky Brand. If you've never put your ass in Lucky's then you would not know what I'm talking about. Lucky's just feel good. Like jeans that have already been broken in...but NEW. It's got that old rock and roll style with a little Ibiza Hippie in it. Everything is just SOFT! I got into l Lucky's years ago and from that point on I was hooked. 95% of my jeans are Lucky. All my cargos are Lucky. 80% t-shirts...LUCKY. I even have my own personal shopper at Lucky. Erin's the Manager at this Lucky and she's always been really good about helping me. Brad is my personal Lucky Shopper at Fashion Show mall. He usually informs me of sales, and special Lucky events. Yea so if there's something I splurge on....It's Lucky. This store is a little bigger than the one at Fashion Show. I kinda like the Desert Passage a little better. Plus there's this Lucky Buddha in the front of the store. This Lucky is more brightly lit than the one at Fashion Show. I'm starting to get sick of saying the word "Lucky" but it's ok. Because I love Lucky Brand. BTW There's a Lucky shirt that has Pignose Amps on it. You should buy it. Because it's my Uncle's company and if you don't know Pignose. Then you don't Rock!
5	I will never buy another brand of jeans after finding Lucky about 2 yrs ago. Ive talked friends that would never dare spend that much on a pair of jeans into becoming true addicts like me. (some joke that i should be their spokes person) Their tshirts are a bit expensive for my taste, but as soon as you put them on you can see why. their the softest most puuuurfect fitting tshirts Ive found (even talked mom, the clearance rack queen into buying some). The most important thing that keeps me back is the service...I go to the fashion show A LOT. Lucky is the only store that always greats me with a 'honest' friendly hello.. a few of the guy remember me and have learned my taste so they're very quick to show me the new stuff that they just know ill love..and i will..cause I'm such a sucker in that store. ;)
5	My DH is the most impossible person to buy jeans for in the entire world! Whenever we find a pair that fits and he likes them, we buy at least 2 pairs. He has been in desperate need of jeans for a few months now, so when we saw the Lucky Store in the mall we decided to go in. The guy that helped us out was really nice and kept pulling different styles and sizes for him. We scored when he found a pair that he likes...and it was buy one get one 1/2 off!! You can't beat that!!
5	I love the every time I've walked in to a Lucky store, they always guess the exact size and style of jeans that I'm wearing.  This time I also bought a bunch of shirts.  The staff offered advice and opinions and was very helpful through out.
4	Great sales. I still like the outlets because of the price. Friendly sales and big open shopping space.
5	I have never really shopped at Lucky Brand but after this Vegas experience, they have a loyal customer. The guy that worked their was so friendly and helpful. I would have bought ocean front property in Vegas from him. He made great suggestions, helped find several styles of jeans that would work and very knowledgeable about each style (including how they will stretch out). They had some great deals! $40 off of jeans (still expensive, but now a much better deal) and 40% off of clearance. I felt like everything in the store was stylish and high quality, but you already knew that! :)
5	Great service, great clothes, reasonable prices. I'm a guy in my forties and my sales pro got me into a perfect set of jeans, upsold me a nice shirt but didn't overdo it. I will definitely be back.
