5	My birth was just about perfect with Shell.  Caring, warm, and wonderful.  I actually cried about a week after having my baby because he'd no longer be part of my weekly routine.
5	Shell, the founder and midwife here at Midwives Rising, was with me during my home birth as an emergency backup for my midwife.  She was wonderful...and her hands are small!  I say that because that's something you usually don't consider when choosing a midwife, but when you're at 7cm and they are checking your progress by sticking their hands in, it becomes something that you think about!!Besides the small hands, Shell's a wonderful midwife for a about a billion other reasons.  1) She's an advocate for you.  She believes in you.  She believes in your power and your ability to birth that human being you've just grown inside you.  She believes in you knowing as much as possible about the process your going through and your body.  2)  She makes chocolate out of your placenta!!!  (if you want it of course.)  3) She supports the community through Midwives Rising and supports women's holistic health and empowerment in many ways.  Yes, she's a midwife, but she also does things like pap smears.  I just had my annual exam there.  It was cheap. It was actually kind of fun. It was way more empowering than being seen by an MD.  I highly recommend it!
5	Jamie was my midwife throughout my pregnancy and labor. She was amazing! She's so sweet and friendly. I loved going in for my appointments. Midwives Rising! Has a wonderful family atmosphere. It feels like you're part of a family with them, and they treat your pregnancy and labor as a family event. My husband and mom came with to appointments and got to ask any questions they had, and they were both present at my birth. Jamie was fully supportive of all my birth choices and allowed my husband to be my main support, while being there to support us both. I had some difficulties during labor, and Jamie was very knowledgeable about ways to help me progress. That's something you don't get from an OB. I love  how having a midwife allows you to make your birth yours instead of being told how things should go. I would definitely recommend that everyone work with Jamie. My experience was amazing and I was so sad when my clinical visits were over. I'll be taking my little one in to visit on their open house days.
5	I can't really put how I feel about Midwives Rising into words. Jamie was my midwife during my second pregnancy. She believed in me, my body, my soul, my baby and that helped me to believe in myself. The end result: an amazing birth experience. All of the woman at Midwives Rising have forever touched my heart.
5	Amazing care! These women are amazing. I can not say enough. I delivered my last two children with Shell and her midwife team. Felt so loved, secure and safe. Their births were amazing experiences. Wonderful prenatal and postpartum care as well as maternal support.
