5	I just had the best pedicure of my life today by Tammy Floyd - Fancy Feet Nails at the Body Spa on Charleston. My feet feel wonderful, my toenails are the best they have ever looked and she gave me some great suggestions to keep them looking this way in between appointments. She is so passionate about what she does it was fun. She just opened at this location from the JW Marriott. She has a client for life!!!
5	Tammy saved my feet! Living in Vegas does a number on the footsies, I had dry cracked and painful heels, I found Tammy and she had the cure. All her products are amazing, they heal your tired toes and mend your aching heals.  I just visited Tammy at her new location and was very happy with the new place and her service was above par, as usual!  All the products and polishes are top notch.
5	Tammy saved my feet! Living in Vegas does a number on the footsies, I had dry cracked and painful heels, I found Tammy and she had the cure. All her products are amazing, they heal your tired toes and mend your aching heals.  I just visited Tammy at her new location and was very happy with the new place and her service was above par, as usual!  All the products and polishes are top notch.
5	Tammy did it again!!! I had another pedicure with Tammy's high end products. By the time she was finished I was ready for a nap!! What relaxation she provides during a pedicure. D+She even put lotion on my hands and wrapped them in hot towels for the ultimate in pampering. My feet are as soft as a baby's skin. You must give her a try. I promise you will have fancy feet
5	Tammy is a wonderful nail tech. I have been going to her for years.  Very experienced and great customer service.  Prices are reasonable for the great quality you will receive. Nice private area.  I would highly recommend her!
5	This was my 1st spray tan and I was nervous and I had a lot of questions. Tammy calmed me down and made me feel comfortable. She puts you in different positions to get the color even and makes sure you are even before you leave. The spray didn't smell and I wasn't orange afterwards.  Yay!
5	I live in St. George, UT and the weather this morning was the perfect temperature, for a pool side gel manicure and gel pedicure! I am so happy right now, honestly I have tried the few spas that we do have here in St. George and my nails and toes have NEVER looked so Awesome! Sad thing is I don't have a choice but, to go and get my nails and toes done @ a salon, walking away very disappointed!! I have NEVER EVER had a nail technician educate me on what products to use and how to use them. The products Tammy uses are organic it was a mineral salt with a yummy scent. Matter fact my skin was so soft afterwards Tammy didn't need to apply the Hyaluron Avec du Hyaluron. So I asked Tammy can I but this all over my body!:) I have horrible cuticles and Tammy educated me on what product to use. Remind you this isn't lack of getting my nails or toes done consistently. I will be going to Vegas for now on!!! Hugs, loves and a BIG, BIG Thank You! Can't wait to see in a few weeks! Dani Rae-
