4	Well I stopped by the Borgata the other day and noticed Slo Foods Organic Cafe and figured I would pop in for a bite with a friend. Right now, it seems that they are starting with a soft opening and might do a grand opening thing in a few weeks once they get the kinks out. They serve breakfast, lunch and dinner and will have a market next door where you can buy all the products they use. It's similar to Duck and Decanter, LGO and Herb Box DC Ranch in this regard but the market doesn't look like it will open for a few more weeks.The atmosphere was comfortable and relaxing, the place has a nice patio overlooking the a the main square. Since Slo Foods Cafe is new and it was about 1:30p.m it was also very empty. I ordered the Avocado sandwich for and some iced Tazo green tea and my friend had a blackberry or blueberry juice (excellent) and the Turkey Burger. The food was good and I'm sure I'll go back once everything is a bit more set up. The management seems very receptive to feedback and I'm sure if you provide it they would try to incorporate it.I think this place has potential especially since they are so focused on obtaining extreme high quality organic ingredients. I'll be sure to stop by again.
3	Always one to try out new places I had noticed that SLo foods opened recently. Decided to check it out on date night on a Friday. We arrived at 7pm and there was only a group of 4  in the restaurant. A little disappointing but understandable with the fact that it's new, basically unheard of at that the parking lot was full but mostly with the customers most likely at the nearby Blanco's.I was thinking that the decor might be a bit trendy "LAish" a la AZ88 but instead, though very chic and warm it felt a bit more like an Italian restaurant.  Little impact on my rating but maybe it's the Tuscan chairs that weigh it down a bit.There was only one waitress and the owner. Both were very kind and the owner obviously is very proud of the concept and happy to detail the food.I ordered the chicken ragout initially but was told they were out of chicken (because all their supplies are fresh...perhaps but a bit disappointing), so I went with the regular aubergine ragout. It was very tasty, with a side of rice. My date being a vegetarian had the brie sandwich. There too unfortunately they had ran out of the ciabatta bread and it was baguette that wasn't too soft (or fresh?).There were a few other snafus during our meal. Our waitress would come, then disappear for a bit and not refill the water for example'. The owner would come and check if we liked the food, offer a sampling of some of their soups, yet only return with samples of their turnip soup when we had just about decided to order dessert.  We decided to try out the carrot cake. Nothing amazing but it was good. The last glitch was that the waitress came to tell us their cardreader was down and that I would have to write my cc #. That's definitely a first for me.Minutes later when receiving our soup samples (after the entree) the owner said the machine was working....and in the end, the machine wasn't so we paid in cash thankfully.I'd maybe go again to give them another shot in a few months but hopefully they can iron out their glitches and the restaurant can form a certain reputation for itself.
2	I think I am the first to review the breakfast here and I will say I was not impressed. I was really interested in trying this place,  I like the concept - fresh organic and classy. But they have a lot to work on before I would go back again. To start, the waitress had no knowledge of the menu and did not understand anything we ordered. There was no refill on water or coffee and the food was a total let down. The oatmeal came in a tiny bowl and my omelette was boring and uninspiring  - I could have made better at home.  Needless to say, we quickly paid the bill and made our way to La Gran Orange for a real breakfast experience.
1	Well let me start out by saying the bread they bring out for dinner was good. However get ready to spend at least 20 dollars a plate for dinner and get ready for SMALL portions. I got the chicken ratitioue and there were 3 peices of chicken in it, smaller than a chicken nugget! My husband got the steak kabob and it was okay. Save your money and go somewhere else for dinner the amount you have to pay for such little portions isnt worth it!
4	Located in the beautiful Borgata of Scottsdale. Stopped here for lunch today and chose to enjoy  the beautiful tree covered patio.  Nice selection of  apps, salads and sandwiches.  Decided to start lunch off with a refreshing glass of passion fruit ice tea, absolutely delish!!!!  Followed by the turkey burger topped with brie.  The first bite was a beautiful mixture of moist turkey herb infused patty with a smooth finish of  a great brie.  Served with a great selection of fresh steamed veggies =0) YUM!!!!  To top off an amazing lunch and beautiful location, our server was such a sweetheart.  Make sure to ask if Theresa is working, an impressive ballroom dance competitor and teacher.  Cheers!
1	Ridiculously expensive.  I ordered a salad which was basically a pile of greens with almost nothing else and a drink and wound up spending near $20.  Insane!
4	I feel sorry for these guys.  It's not their fault.  Half the Borgotta is shut-down.  Retailers gone.  It's practically a ghost town here. Every time I slip into Dolce, I can't leave without dashing in here to get a piece of Lavash to go.  OK, it's not a 'piece', it's as long as my arm!  I am so addicted to it!  They use it for the base of their flatbread pizza, which makes their pizza very unique and light and surprisingly very good (it's very difficult to please me with pizza - has to be very thin crust, extremely fresh ingredients). Fresh chopped tomatoes for the sauce, yellow, red & orange peppers for toppings, along with cherry tomatoes and I suppose mostly anything else you may want, but that was mine.  (mushrooms?  No thank you).  Unfortunately, something tells me that they won't be around very long, seemingly due to management from Westcor, from what I've heard.  Shame that they (Borgota/Westcor) don't appear to want to work with the local retailers, because this place used to be pretty unique and special, where I'd bring any visitors to - not anymore.
4	It's 12:30 AM, I've got to be up at five, and I'm writing about SLO Foods.  I took Mom and Lucile to a SLO event.  I like the event, and we all like SLO.  It is a great romantic location - outdoor fountain ringed with oak trees and flowers, the lovely faux-Italian architecture of the ever-struggling Borgata, and a pleasing, relaxing indoor setting.We had burgers and sandwiches.  I've stopped taking pictures of food, but Lucile MADE me take one of each of our plates.  The emphasis at SLO is quality, healthy food.  It tastes good too.  If I recall, I had a chicken sandwich on a baguette.  I know there was pesto - definitely the bread dipping oil, and pprobably in my sandwich.  I enjoyed it.  Mom went with a safe hamburger, ate half, took half home and really loved it.  I cannot remember Lucile's sandwich, but it was large, and she talked on and on about it.   In fact, Mom and Lucile talked about our SLO Saturday lunch for at least two weeks after we went.  One of these evenings, I'm going to sneak Sweet D out of the house, drive clear over to the Borgata, and treat her to a beautiful outdoor candle lit dinner by the plashing fountain and the Law Cowboy sculpture out there by the aok trees and flowers ringing the Borgata Square.  We'll have a delicious meal, look at one another all mooney eyed and have a wonderful night out.  We guys need all the points we can get, and I could score a few at SLO.
5	Slo Foods Cafe treated my husband, mother-in-law and I to a delightful evening and a fantastic meal! We arrived around 6p.m. on Saturday night to an empty shopping center and an empty restaurant. Feeling a bit skeptical we went in anyway and were greeted by a charming man who showed us to our table. He brought out a plate of their signature flatbread and cilantro pesto which was incredible! I am not a cilantro eater but man that stuff managed to be so tasty without the off taste I normally equate with cilantro.  My husband inquired about the meats (he's an expert) and decided to order the steak and mushroom sandwich, I had the hamburger and my mother-in-law ordered the salmon salad with roasted vegetables. The food was done quickly and in the meantime the owner (I assume) brought us extra helpings of their flatbread, charmed us and told us about the restaurant. My burger was incredible, HUGE, and so flavorful (thanks to some turmeric and onion), hubby's sandwich was really good and m-i-l's salad was great, the salmon was cooked to perfection and the veggies were perfectly done (not too mushy). Our server brought my husband second helpings of the veggies and salad. We decided to share one dessert as a table (sponge cake rolled with cream and strawberries) and immediately upon finishing it the owner brought us another one-on the house! It was such a nice surprise. We will definitely be going back- and soon!
5	I Love Slo!
