2	I started off with every intention of a good review about this place, because the food was amazing and because I love to give props to local joints popping up in Sky Harbor. I had the carnitas burrito minus the pico de gallo (ew tomatoes) and it was phenomenal. The perfect size. The perfect combination and proportion of ingredients. Carnitas that made me want to marry it. There was a long wait for tables so I ordered my food to go. I put my name in as well but had already eaten because I was starving. I sat at a table ready to crank out some work while waiting for a flight. Getting into a table with a carry on and a laptop bag is nearly impossible. I don't know why restaurants in airports continue to do this. This is a new restaurant. I really wish they had gotten it right.When my server arrived, I notified him that I had ordered no more than 20 minutes ago, but that tables weren't available at the time, and that since I was already finished, I'd just like a glass of water. After 5 minutes he came back with my water and informed me in a very condescending manner that when the wait for tables filled up again, he would have to ask me to leave, because even though I ate while tables were not available,  I was not considered a paying customer.  This is where the stars dropped to three. Why 2 then?If he was serious, that's bullshit. If he was saying it to clear the table, it's still bullshit. And that's exactly what I did. As soon as I got to a stopping point I got up and left. No one said see you again soon. No one said have a good flight. In fact, I heard him laugh as I walked away. I'm sorry, but in an airport, you need to be sensitive to why someone is sitting in your restaurant. Sometimes it's because it's the only decent choice. Sometimes it's because they arrived batshit early scared to miss their flight. And sometimes, it's because their flight is delayed a few hours and they don't want to sit on a crappy airport chair. Or there isn't even one of those available.  Most of those scenarios are not good. You have a captive audience. People aren't driving from downtown Phoenix to Sky Harbor to eat at the airport Blanco and go home immediately after. And if I am starving and I order take out because a table is not available but still want to sit, don't be an ass.I love your food, but the service is enough that I'll go elsewhere next time. It may even drive me to a chain restaurant down the hall.
2	I was heading to Vegas so what better way to start off the flight then catching a couple margaritas right before? So I ordered the White Peach Margarita which was too sweet. Don't do it to yourself and I love Margaritas. I then tried the original and it was just alright. Nothing to rave about, but if I had more time I would have gone to Chili's. Blanco looks nice, great ambiance, but it's mostly hype and it was right next to my gate. You live, you learn.
2	Was excited to see some new places at Sky Harbor since I'm there every week.  Went to Blanco for a breakfast burrito.  First off, it was wayyyy to big a tortilla for the amount of eggs in there.  And yes it was just eggs, not eggs and cheese as they had promised (at least I couldn't find the cheese).  Plus the tortilla itself had a wierd sweetness to it and was very greasy.  I ended up just pulling out the eggs and trashing everything else.  Very disappointed, and woud be better off at another place, at least for breakfast.
4	We got seated quickly. It was really busy but the environment was clean and warm. However, we were seated quite a while before we were served. I think it may have been a bit disorganized since several people were working the tables around us.I ordered the chicken fajitas and a Riesling. The wine was super sweet so don't get it if you prefer dry. However the food was amazing...best fajitas I've ever had. We shared the chocolate chip cookie with ice cream for dessert...impeccable.
5	As I was passing through the Phoenix airport I found this gem near gate A5. I was blown away at the service I received and how friendly the entire staff was. I was greeted, helps and thanked by multiple staff members while there. I actually forgot I was in the airport at a point. it is hard to find this rate of service anywhere you go let alone in an airport! Besides the service the place was beautiful and the food was amazing. I had chicken and shrimp fajitas which I would highly recommend. Phoenix airport motto is America's friendliest airport and they definitely meet that motto because of this restaurant!
4	Let's face it - most airport food sucks. That is not the case at Blanco. It's near gate A5, near the US Airways wing of the Phoenix Airport. I have been here twice now and both time the service and the food has been great.They have high communal tables in the bar with electrical outlets at each seat. Sweet!The waitress recommend the braised pork and avocado cheese crisp and it did not disappoint. They service is quick and easy so that you can make your connecting flight and the beer is cold. If you are ever passing through Phoenix and looking for a great Watering Hole - make sure to stop in at Blanco.
5	I've learned to expect very little from airport restaurants.  Now I've been ruined - I went to Blanco and my paltry expectations were blown out of the water. Prompt and attentive service, flavorful and delicious food, and a delightful assortment of drink options.  I'll have to connect through Phoenix for the rest of my life. I had the grilled shrimp salad, which was fresh, flavorful, and filling. I also had the sangria, which was pretty good. My friends had tacos (fish and carnitas); they practically licked their plates clean.  Try the rice - it is a rich and delectable treat. An added bonus: They were patient as we sat for three hours waiting for our connecting flight. If I ever find myself in this airport again, you can be sure I'll make my way here.
1	disappointing carnitas burrito. no kick in the dish despite being told it had spices. to compound that, the seating is ridiculous. There are 2 fox restaurants side by side (blanco and modern burger). I ordered from blanco and assumed I would be "allowed" to seat in the dining area. As I proceeded to sit this lady comes running and rudely tells me "you cannot sit here because you did not order a drink". Mind you I was siting on a crowded high table..... Not at the bar. When I politely old the server that I was waiting for myFood order from blanco, she told me my order was to go (though I never asked for that). this despite there being at least 10 empty spots available. plain rude and terrible attitude. not getting my business ever again
4	Though Nachos and Salsa is very cheap, the waitress offered bottomless Salsa, which made me very happy because I put a lot of Salsa on Nachos. And the main meal, Fish Tacos, was very good, too! Get to the airport early enough to enjoy a full service. You can charge your device if you get a sofa sheet. Though it's hard to see, the power outlets are down there for each table.
4	Excellent grilled fish for the fish tacos...not breaded and fried.  Perfectly cooked and served hot.  I would order these again and again!Accompanied with a bloody mary and I was ready for the remaining leg of my journey home to HNL.
4	Food is great, but service was horrible!  We were ignored for at least 12 minutes and the person I talked to about service was rude.We ordered chicken tacos, cheese quesadilla, chicken taquitos and margaritas.  Almost all of the food was delicious, and it was all fresh.  If the service was better and the prices were lower, I would give them 5 stars.  Chicken Tacos - AMAZING.  Not only the tacos themselves, but the side of rice too (which I swear is coated in butter, but I don't care).  Chicken was well-seasoned and delicious.  $14 is a little steep though.Cheese Quesadilla - Good and cheesy, but something about it was almost sweet.Taquitos- The edible parts in the middle were good, but the outsides were fried too long and couldn't be eaten because the chicken inside turned hard-as-a-rock.Margaritas were good, but $10 for a soda sized glass of margarita is ridiculous.If I'm in the Phoenix airport again, I would definitely come back for the chicken tacos!
4	On a red-eye layover to Newark I stopped here for dinner and a beer and had one of the best burritos, pleasant surprise b/c airport food usually isn't that great. carnitas burrito is what I ordered.
3	Pretty nice for an airport bar. Just had a bloody mary, but the food looked good.
4	walking through the airport on way to gate. Thinking about the nasty food I'll likely eat when I reach it. Pass by Blanco. Angels singing with ray of light. I've been to the location in the Tucson hills. Its consistently great food. What a nice surprise in an otherwise awful food environment. Way to go Phoenix airport. Fish tacos were a solid choice.
4	Above average airport food, Blanco has some tasty burritos with some upscale ingredients such as braised short ribs.  I really enjoyed the flavors and the value (weighed easily more than a pound), but it can be messy to eat on the go.
5	Passed through the airport for like, 25 minutes, and I've been through a LOT of airports.  The person behind the counter was actually NICE, instead of having that dull look airport workers have.  And the food was a-maz-ing.  I recommend the short rib tacos.
3	The saving grace of my visit to Blanca was my waitress, Charlotte.  She was wonderful and made my layover (after a long us airways delay) more pleasant.  She and the other waitstaff were seemingly the hardest workers at this business.  The kitchen closed early (15 minutes early) despite managers being onsite- lazy!!!  Charlotte brought me chips and salsa as I didn't want a heavy, gluten filled burrito.  She offered to have me to talk with a manager, but she did more than enough to make up for the restaurant not serving over half the menu 15 minutes before closing. Sit in her section if you are stuck sky harbor.
1	I had time before my flight and wanted a glass of wine to ease into travel mode. Blanco is located in terminal four, gate D and has a fairly large seating area. I didn't have to wait but a minute before getting seated. I would have opted for the bar, but that was full, so I got a table instead. My server showed up a couple minutes later and I told her I just wanted a glass of red wine. Rather than bringing me a wine menu she asked me what kind....merlot, cabernet, malbec......"I'll have a malbec" I replied. When she brought the wine over I asked for the check as well. Let me say how shocked I was to see a $20 charge for one single glass of wine!!! I stared at it and said "this is the most expensive glass of wine I've ever had...is this right?" She then replied "oh yah, I thought that was expensive too. I even double checked on the price to make sure that was right."Excuse me??? I love wine and all, but my palate doesn't discriminate on the cheap stuff. I've never even bought a bottle of wine for $20 never mind a single glass! Needless to say, I thought it was rude of her that she double-checked with her bartender but didn't run over and say "hey, just wanted to make sure this was ok with you." If I ever find myself here again, never will I trust one of their servers.
4	Good carnitas burritos between planes, accompanied by black beans and rice. Guacamole on the side.  It was my first $14 burrito, but it is the airport.  Good service and they didn't push me to leave, so I dawdled over coffee for half an hour.  Next to gate A5.
2	Not impressed... Connecting in PHX . They did not have shrimp and ran out of guacamole... What Mexican without Guacamole?
1	The food is OK but I'm really pissed about their limited menu after 9pm.  Some shithead of a manager decided they are only serving Quesadilla's and Burittos tonight.  What the hell?  It's 9pm and there still alot of flights leaving.  Why such a limited menu?  The food here is all based on about 10 ingredients put together in different ways (meat, beans, rice, tortillas, etc).   So why can't I get a taco or a salad?
4	I'm stingy with my stars, but this place deserves a four, simply because it's the best damn food I've had in an airport. And if it weren't in an airport I'd still eat here.Solid drinks, nice atmosphere, friendly service, flavorful, spicy and dishes are presented very nicely.Apparently the owner owns all three spots here, including Modern Burger and Olive & Vine.
3	Egg and steak burrito, minus the cheese and tortilla. Overall not bad, portion was good and potatoes crispy, steak was a little tough. Only issue i had was kitchen staff with facial hair were not wearing facial hair nets. Don't know if that's a food handlers rule or not but I found it a little gross.
4	Delicious! Fast seating and service. Had the skinny margarita and the Mexican pizza with cheese and guacamole and my sucky day at the airport got better! The restaurant is nice and modern the only thing I would recommend is for the music the be less loud.
1	Extremely rude girl rang me up for a cup of coffee.  She gave me the coffee and then told me I was 171.  I told her I didn't understand what she was talking about and she acted like I was stupid and slowly said ... It's your number to get your food.  I said "I didn't order any food ... Just coffee which you already gave me."  She just turned her back and walked away without saying anything.  With so many choices at the airport,  I'll go somewhere else next time.
5	Sometimes life throws you lemons in the form of flight delays. Blanco is a perfect place to make lemonade with it, preferably with vodka!Located in Terminal 4 of the Phoenix Sky Harbor International Airport, it's on the A gates end of the terminal. Which makes it about a 10-minute trek (faster if you run on the walkalators) from the D gates where we arrived. Even faster if you manage to catch a ride with a skycap (totally worth the experience on its own). If you have a longer layover, do not settle for less!This place hits all the hallmarks of a good airport restaurant - quick to seat, serve, and get you on your way. In addition, their prices are *extremely* reasonable for an airport restaurant and the food is absolutely delicious!Absolutely try the carnitas. Among the best I've had, it was moist and very flavorful. I'm not a huge fan of flour tortillas, so I ordered a no-tortilla buritto, expecting it to come out in little piles of ingredients on a plate. The kitchen must've read my mind, though, because it came out as a buritto bowl - the stuff of my naked burrito dreams! The rice was al dente and rich, loaded with butter, I believe. Black beans were tender and well-seasoned. Topped with pico de gallo and a light sprinkling of cojita cheese. Everything in my bowl just worked and I was a happy happy camper. They make a rocking guacamole with roasted poblanos and a really zippy red salsa, served with freshly fried tortilla chips. All this with a lovely Barrio Brewing Co. Tuscon Blonde draft. You won't need that in-flight bag o' pretzels and complimentary beverage.There are power outlets at the tables and high tops, so you can charge up more than your tummy before your flight. It was busy the whole time we were there but they didn't rush us at all. Can't wait to be stranded at PHX again :)
5	Amazing white Mexican rice like grandma makes.Beautiful tequila menu andCrazy good price for a 3 hour lay over...Just do it...Lyle Silicon Valley california
4	Looking down the row of dining options in Terminal 4, Blanco looked like our best choice. We were able to secure a table immediately and our waitress was quick to take our order. It wasn't a problem that we only wanted to order chips and salsa and to split a burrito. The chips and salsa came almost immediately and were everything that they should be - homemade, fresh with a nice zippy salsa. The burrito had a generous portion of chicken with a really nice flavor. The rice tasted like it was made with a lot of butter, good or bad depending how much you like butter. We are used to overpriced and less than delicious airport food so Blanco was an unexpected and delightful surprise.
4	4 stars keeping in mind it's airport food.  The machaca burrito was delicious and large.  Could have used a couple more vegetarian options for my wife.
