5	Well, most Chinese restaurants taste the same, but not this one!  I had their Wings ( salt and pepper I like 'em extra crispy...) .. they were flavourful and tasty.  I had the orange chicken for dinner which was spectacular and mom had the singapore rice noodles, which she seemed to enjoy. Well, she ate it in four minutes!  ( Without chopsticks of course haha) So must be good.  Momma!  please slow down! Use the chopsticks!I finished with an elegant cup of green tea  with honey and the owner came over to ask me how the food was.. nice touch!  Worth the drive over here and very close to my fave yogurt stand which had a line out the door this particular evening...
4	Saw the signage and I was curious.....rice n noodle?Upon entry it was clean and bright with a little southwest touch with bricks/stone design, like it was supposed to be something else when made.....I spat some Mandarin to the counter person to break the ice and ordered the Mongolian Beef over rice.  A safe bet but will show the cook's skills if really tasty and beef should be slightly charred.  And it waaaas good, nice portion too.  Enough for lunch tomorrow.  will have to go back and try some other dishes.The lady came by 4 times:1 asked how everything was2 asked to refill my soda from the fountain 3 asked again how was everything4 asked to pack my leftovers w/ some extra rice tooThose of you who know....this is very unusual for asian food service..... granted there wasn't a ton o people there.....they usually don't care....They must have smelled a Yelper in their midst......til next time, good eating!
4	There are a lot of these hole-in-the-wall Chinese "longer-than-fast-food-but-not-quite-a-restaurant" places all over Vegas- pretty much one in every grocery shopping center.  This one is a cut above most places because their food seems fresher than the other places and the prices are competitive too.  They have friendlier and faster service compared to some other places.  The menu is the same as you would find anywhere.  Although you could say its the best in its class, I'm giving it four stars because its still that generic fast-food-but-not-a-restaurant.
4	quick.. and fresh.the place is welcoming..bright and clean! kitchen is kept clean as well.. waitresses are very friendly and attentive..the prices are off the hook and they hook it up with the portions.we had the family combo which was only 29 bucks or something.. came with two choice entrees.. we had orange chicken & peppered steakalso included: appetizers & won ton soupwas totally enough for 4.. and some. had it the next day for lunch.. and it was just as awesome as the night before..we're definitely going to switch up our delivery choice.double plus: 1. they sell boba2. tutti bella is right next door!
5	It's always good food and fast take out. Hard to beat this place on quality and price. My favs are the BBQ pork, chicken curry, and all the soups are great.Service is fantastic as well if you decide to eat in!
4	"LUNCH SPECIAL" --- you should come and check it out, I highly recommend it!  ( Maybe it's not close to main area, kind of far but still easy to find out.... )Actually by accidently I walk in cuz I just want the yogurt next door. BUT it looks like a nice place, clean environment, and you can see how they cook in front of you.... they don't hide their "skills".... however, I still don't know how to cook   :)  There are 9 tables, delicious dishes pictures on the wall (plz take a look of my local pictures). Lunch special starts $5.75..... so much food, much better than P.E. and other fast food places! ---- btw, they provide 'fresh' cook! I mean they cook each dishes after you order it right away instead of cook alot at once and spoon it out, like other fast food...... u got what I mean? NO? it's ok... you go & check it out! hehehe~~~~
1	I can't believe the high ratings this place got.  My sis brought home some food from there.  Teriyaki chicken was watery sauce and quite too sweet, the chow mein looked strange...very orange and did not taste like chow mein, the salt & pepper pork was very spicy and she even asked for mild/no spice and the tofu veggie tasted very mediocre.  I would rather eat at Panda Express or China Go Go.
3	I asked my fiance to get me some chinese food, for some late night studying night I was going to have. And I knew there was one right next to Patty's closet (since I shop there all the time). I would have to say that it was a bit pricey for chinese take out. The food was honestly good. I ordered crispy noodles with seafood. Basically, it was like pan fried seafood chow mein. But the noodles and seafood were in separate containers. I am assuming that this has to do with keeping the noodles crispy till the seafood is poured in. We also got garlic beef and honey shrimp. All in all, it was a good place to just get quick chinese take food on the spot. The establishment is actually very pristine, but I think it has alot to do with it not feeling like an authentic chinese food place. I will have to see my next visit, since this was only my first time.
5	rice n noodle is like an extension of my kitchen. i get food here if i dont have time to cook. orders come out really fast. customer service is tops. my daughter loves their honey walnut prawns, its not like what we're used to coming from san francisco but its the closest!
4	This is a good place for lunch. I took the family here for dinner once and it seems like the dinner portions are twice the cost for the same amount of food you get in the lunch plate.The food is cooked fresh instead of sitting on a steam table for hours, and they will customize (light sauce, extra garlic, no green peppers, etc) without adding $1 for every change you make.
4	This ain't no Panda Express! Yes it's hard to find quality Chinese fast food outside of Chinatown that won't break the bank but I will say that I have truly been impressed by Rice N Noodle. I think their food taste much better than Baidu. I will admit their lunch specials are huge. A couple things that might be a big factor: no individual dinner specials, no brown rice and no tofu/vegetarian options on the lunch specials. Food is made to order so you can ask them for more or less sauce. I highly recommend the hot garlic beef or chicken and veggie chow mein.
4	Quick service. Food was served fresh and hot..We're still looking for that perfect chinese Loved the BBQ pork and pot stickers.
4	YUM! I rolled in here after reading some great reviews and getting tired of the same few Chinese places close to my house. I like the open kitchen, where you can watch the chefs and cooks whip up your food as soon as you order it. Ordering take-out took just a few minutes and the staff was very attentive. The menu here is great--everything you'd expect to be there is available. I got the fried tofu with vegetables, which comes in a dark sauce! Most places I've tried make it with a white sauce, so this was a delicious surprise. There is a small vegetarian/"healthy" menu with about five options. I like when there's a separate section for veggie stuff because I'm lazy.Dinner for four came out to $32--not bad!
4	One of my favorite Asian inspired places in the Valley!  Now I know that this is just fast food Asian but they do it so well!!!  They have the best fried rice that is not that mushy stuff you usually get from fast food Asian.  I highly recommend to try the lunch specials!  They have great portions (I'm a big guy (round not tall, haha)) and I had a problem trying to finish it.  The ingredients are always fresh and you can tell...  The atmosphere is chill and VERY clean, not like some places you walk into around the valley...  And did I mention it's down the street from me :) Just another reason why I wanna hug this place, haha
4	It's hard to find a Chinese take-out restaurant that I like... I don't know if it's because I'm expecting restaurant food or if it's because I'm just tired of eating Chinese food.I've been to this place several times, for both take-out and dining it. The experience has always been splendid. On the way home from work, a 30 minute drive, I call in an order and pick it up in about 15 minutes. It was quite convenient.PROSOrder the teriyaki chicken & salt and pepper porkCheap lunch specials w/ lots of foodTasty boba, I like honeydew & taroDelivery and pick-upCONSNo privacy, there's always customers hereThey aren't open 24 hours, I wish they wereOverall, I am super pleased w/ this place. I am definitely a loyal customer.Note: They have coupons on their website. I have used them by just mentioning them via a phone order and never had to print 'em out.
4	Rice n Noodle meets the greasy, delicious, Chinese food fix. I love that within 5 minutes of calling my order is ready for pick-up. The service is good and there are always discounts in my local mailer for free entrees, free appetizers, etc. Also the Wonton soup is super great when you are feeling under the weather. The Chow Fun is yum yum yummy!!Do not go here expecting high end, authentic Chinese food. However, do come here if you want some quick, good Chinese "fast food."
4	Great little place to get takeout or delivery. As we walked up at 9:30pm last night, I noticed the sign on the door that clearly states that they close at 9:30. We were about to turn around when the workers waved us in. I'm already impressed. The portions are enormous for the price and pretty tasty. My fella wasn't a fan of the overuse of onions in his pad thai, but as an onion fiend I ate all of his and mine as well. I had the chow fun with chicken. Good flavors and not too greasy. I had plenty left over for lunch the next day.I'll definitely be back or heck, I might order delivery next time. The lunch specials look cheap as well.
4	I am only a couple block away from this small place.  Usually order lunch, price is very reasonable and the portion is huge.  Kung pao chicken and Singapore noodle  is my favorite and it taste great.  The staff is nice.  Would definitely go back again and again.
4	This is our go-to place for Chinese food. The food is always good and delivery is super fast. Sometimes I feel like theyre already ringing my doorbell as I'm hanging up the phone from placing my order. LOL. I don't think we've ever had a bad meal here and we've been eating their food for years.
4	Huge lunch at a great price.  This is my top pick for fast Chinese food.
5	My friends/co workers come here for the lunch specials.  You get complementary egg drop soup and won ton chips.  I've tried most of the lunch specials and have nothing bad to say on any of them. The portions are good and the food is pretty good for "fast" Chinese food. For example, the sweet and sour sauce is just right and not overpowering the other flavors.  One of my favorite dishes are the Chinese chicken wings.  The prices are reasonable and the soda and water is bottomless.  The wait staff/cashiers are nice and friendly.  The back room staff (cooks etc.) stare at us like a Kung Fu fight movie scene is about to break out when we walk in and they are eating their lunch.. Sorry for interrupting your lunch, but we're hungry too! You guys cook fast and cook good. So, don't be mad!  HA!.  I would recommend this restaurant if you are on the west side of town.!
1	The food is terrible and I will never go back or have anything good to say about here.. Chow mein was dry, the garlic chicken drenched in sauce and to top off my dine in experience, I couldn't sub the soup even if I agreed to pay extra so I was stuck with warm egg drop -_-  no no no bueno
4	Very good and inexpensive. Very tasty pork fried rice. The Mongolian Beef is a huge portion, although some of the beef was a little grisly. Be forwarned, it is HOT!!! I will definitely be back, great for a quick takeout meal.
4	GREAT place to eat delicious food for the cheaps.
3	Tried this place last weekend with my boyfriend we saw a circular for their menu and looked good. I loved the Crab Rangoon mus say A+. We ordered the appetizer sampler and pork strips and crab Rangoon was great but not a huge fan of any of the other items. We also ordered the KungPow combo dish, very hot to me but also very tasty. My boyfriend loved it, he doesn't eat left overs but he said it was even better then next day reheated. I do look forward to trying other dishes here as I do believe this place may be our new local Chinese food take out. We dined in but its small and can get crowded, also dining was with paper goods so may as well take out nothing special for dine in. Recommend for take out
4	Their salt and pepper chicken wings and Thai teas are great, but their Hong Kong crispy noodles are mediocre. Proximity to my house and speedy service are big plusses.
4	I keep coming back here.  The food has always been excellent quality.  The value for the lunch specials is second to none.  You can get a huge lunch portion for under $6 and it is really good.  It's actually enough food for an entire second meal.  Definitely try this if you haven't yet.
5	Yummy food. Service is outstanding and friendly. Kid friendly
5	Entire family loves this place. incredible value great food !
4	So I was trying to find a new spot to eat at. When I arrived, it was a full house. So I thought to myself, their food must be good if they got a full house of customers. Anyway, as a new customer, the cashier was very friendly, and offered me some of their afternoon specials. AWESOME! I liked the fact that they had specials!!! It took awhile for me to decide, but I ended up buying the pepper beef plate. Thought it would be just a few scoops of rice, but no! It was a plate full of delicious noodles AND rice! So on point! I'd give it 5 stars, but i have yet to try more things out on their menu. Best believe I WILL be back. Good food, and friendly service.
2	I got their lunch special and came out to be a little over $6 for an one item combo. Tell you the truth it wasn't worth it. I ordered 4 combos anc asked for some hot sauce abd they only gave me one hot suace. Can you say stingy? I won't be coming back for more. I guess back to Panda Express.
4	Recommended by my husband's co-worker, and I am very happy with the suggestion!  My husband gets something different every time, but I always get the shrimp w/snow peas.  Love it!Friendly service, clean restaurant, large portions -- and it's fun to watch the chefs prepare the food.  We will go back again and again.
4	This hidden restaurant is great. I'm used to eating at Panda Express and needed something different. Comparing Rice n Noodle to Panda Express Rice n Noodle  taste more authentic, in my opinion taste a lot better, and gives you more food on your platter, they deliver, they sell Boba, and their lunch special is the same as Panda Express. Definitely will visit often when ever I feel Chinese food.
2	I've been looking for a good place to get Chinese food besides Chinatown so i stopped by this place since it was close to my house. The menu had a lot of the usual items you would see at a Chinese place. I decided to go with the lunch special since i just wanted a quick bite to eat. The place was empty and all of the workers were sitting down eating lunch. When my food was done the worker handed me my food... he didn't even say "thank you" or "come again" he just sat back down and continued eating his lunch. I wanted ask for extra sauce but he sat down before i could get a word out. When i got home i opened my bag of food and they forgot to put the soup that was supposed to be included with the lunch special and no fork or any utensils. The worker was so focused on getting back to his lunch, i didn't even want to bother. Usually when i experience bad service it doesn't bother me as much, as long as the food is good. But at least give me everything i paid for!! Unfortunately the food was alright but not good enough to come back.Also, if i can make a suggestion: having ALL of your workers have lunch at the same time is a horrible idea. Might as well close down for an hour because the service was pretty much nonexistent.
5	I went to rice and noodle and saw they did not open to 11 Am and since it was 20 minutes until open so I started to walk away when an employee rushed out and said I could come in and order. My service was great, my food was amazing and I will definitely go back.
3	This place seems awfully familiar to another location on the East Side called China Gourmet. Food tastes the same...not great, but very good...sometimes the beef can be a little tough. Menus are almost identical. Store set up almost identical. Very quick delivery. Had the Mongolian Beef which was good, paper wrapped chicken however wasn't mixed well so some pieces were very flavorful, some were lacking. Must be a sister location or family. Either way, its good chinese (hong kong style) food. 3.5 stars.
4	I have eaten both lunch and dinner at this place over a dozen times.  The lunch specials are cheap and the portions are large.  The same goes for their dinner specials as well.  Every time I go there the employees are friendly and the service is good.  I have had a couple of misses including the shrimp with snow peas, but 98% of what i have eaten has been delicious.  Unlike some other places in town that give you large portions of flavorless food, they deliver the flavor!  The Cashew Chicken and Wor Wonton Soup are my favorites!  Enjoy!
5	Without a doubt THE BEST Chinese food in Las Vegas. I've ordered Food from them 5 or 6 times and every time is phenomenal. The portions are huge, the prices are low and the food is absolutely fantastic. The only advice I would give is that the food runs a little on the spicy side so if you don't like spicy make sure to specify.
5	Best Chinese food I ha e found in Vegas. And their speedy delivery is worth another star
4	I know most of the reviews seem to be about lunch specials for the "American-Chinese" restaurants, but you have to stop by here for the real Chinese food.I came here knowing exactly what I wanted: A "Family Dinner B" with Wonton Soup, Combination Fried Rice (Shrimp + Beef + Chicken), an additional two egg rolls, sauteed calamari with salt and pepper, and salt and pepper pork. I ended up with MUCH more food than I anticipated as it came with enough food to feed six! I started with the egg roll which was too greasy (reason why I gave it four stars). The wonton soup was also mediocre, but better in terms of other Chinese restaurants. However, the calamari and pork were outstanding! The portions were amazing in terms of the fried rice and entrees. I believe that $32 for the amount, let alone taste can cover anyone's dinner plan.The only downfall(s) to these types of restaurants is you do NOT get any type of REAL customization.I also prefer brown rice, but I understand that most oriental cultures are not a fan of brown rice due to the nature of their origin.
4	This place is good. To be honest it is no different than any other Chinese Restaurant.  The place was clean and the service was pretty good.
4	I have ordered from here numerous times and the food has always been good. I like the General Tso's Chicken, Hunan Beef and the Mongolian Beef. It's quick, hot, and fairly cheap.
1	Decided to try lunch as it was close to my home.  Went in and was surprised to get both fried rice and chow mein, instead of having to choose one.  Also, went there for dinner, it was good.  My complaint was I ordered the large party trays for my sons b-day party.  I spent almost $200 and was not given anything extra such as crab puffs, egg rolls, etc.  NOTHING!!  When I ordered party trays from Jacky Chan, they gave me crab puffs, which are my favorites.  We haven't been to Rice n noodle, since and never will.  We aren't asking for hand-outs, but when we spend a couple hundred, include something extra, even a fortune cookie would have sufficed, but nothing gets you NO MORE OF OUR BUSINESS!!!!!!!!!!!!
3	I had the orange chicken lunch special on a thursday for lunch for 6.50- Hard to find. it's in the back. I had to go around Smiths just to find it. lol - Get the lunch for here to get the egg soup. small portion but satisfying- comes with fried wanton + sweet and sour sauce.- large portion of orange chicken, fried rice and chow mein!- orange chicken made fresh. i saw them make it on the wok! - orange chicken tasted almost like sweet and sour chicken. i'm pretty sure they didn't mess up though bc sweet and sour chicken usually has pineapples. orange chicken is just orange chicken.- Random pieces of big broccoli with my orange chicken??? bonus?? hmm...- overall, it wasn't the best, but such a good deal that i'd come back and try other things
4	everything we ordered was so good! and i called to place an order and it was so speedy for pick up on a saturday night..only 10 minutes!!!
4	Very good chinese food I had since I moved out here. I love their big portions and that they deliver all the time and on time! I love the shrimp with lobster sauce, shrimp walnut, and there egg soup! The family sets are good!
1	Hands down the worst chinese food I've had in years. I ordered the chicken chop suey, the combination fried rice, and the fried wontons. The chicken for both the entree and the rice was undercooked and chewy, and the wontons were extremely greasy and mushy. The worst part is how expensive it was! I will not be returning to this place.
2	I've been here twice for take outs in the past month and its basically another China-a-gogo if you ask me. The food was mediocre and we probably won't be going there anymore.
5	There is a lot of bad Chinese food in Vegas. Rice n noodle is a pleasant surprise. Their Wonton soup is really good and is more than enough for 2 people. The 5 stars are because they deliver!
4	This restaurant is so close to home and been telling myself to try it, every time I would pass by. Finally tired of the last couple horrible meals at my usual Chinese joint I gave it a try.I got the General Tso's Chicken, order of Spring Rolls, and Singapore Rice Noodle.The prices are about the same as other Chinese places around. Your food is woked fresh in front of you. The staff was friendly, service was fast. The restaurant was clean.The General Chicken was delicious, best I've had in a while. The Singapore Noodles were a bit dry as well as the shrimp and pork seemed over cooked but it had nice heat and was tasty. The Spring rolls were very good, not greasy, nice thick sweet and sour sauce. I will go back again especially for some General Chicken and Spring Rolls.
5	Delicious!!  We ordered delivery.. arrived super hot and on time.  Delicious spring rolls, crispy and yummy.  The sweet and sour sauce that came was for the sweet and sour chicken but was SUPER good on the spring rolls.  I wish they had included extra, but that was my only "complaint".  The sweet and sour chicken came separate from its sauce which made the dish crispy like it should be.  Nicely done. The Szechuan eggplant and tofu was cooked to perfection, the shrimp chow mein was fantastic, and the Mongolian beef was perfectly spicy and fabulous.  Well worth the money!!!  We will be back!
4	Consistently good Chinese take out or delivery, not amazing or eventful by any means.What does any connoisseur of take out Chinese/Vietnamese/Thai expect...tasty, simple, fast, and cost effective.  Bonus = I ask them to use as little soy sauce and oil as possible and they actually do it!!!You cant go wrong with Rice n Noodle vs. the other available options if you live in 89113, 89139, 89141, or 89178.Enough said.
2	I had the lunch special, general chicken. It's as good as any other American-Chinese restaurant I had in the U.S. I know this kind of food is greasy, but when I came home and saw the puddle of red, oily substance collecting at the bottom of the rice I decided I had enough. Food was flavorful but never again, they should make you sign a release form for food this greasy.
1	New in town & I was craving Chinese food .. Seen this new place close by to our apartment & wanted to check it out.Cashier/ host guy wasnt so welcoming. As I decided to see what to order, I observed him cleaning up a table. All he did was wipe the mess onto the floor ?! He had no smile or not even an advice on what's good to order. I guess Im use to some kind of " Aloha " since I just moved here fr Oahu which he sure didnt have haha & it wasnt busy @ all so some friendliness wouldve been nice. I did  like that it was an open kitchen so I could see my order being made. Well .. now on to my food .. I was ordering for my family & didnt want to cook .. I had this craving for Honey Walnut Shrimp .. I wasnt pleased with theirs. The flavor had more of a sweet tart taste .. not the creamy sweet taste Im use too coz the sauce was more watery. Walnuts couldve been more.Chicken Broccoli .. My son's fav .. Ummm but where the hell is the broccoli ??? .. More like alot of veggies n chicken breast pieces. Eggrolls .. another bummer .. excuse me where is the meat ?! STRICTLY CABBAGE !! I paid for egg rolls wrapped with cabbage deep fried !! Really & paid 2/$1.75 so not worth it ( my family never ate it coz it had no flavor or MEAT ! my mom makes better lumpia :) ) Beef with onion & ginger .. They sure overloaded this dish with green.onions & ginger. I mean Again Where's The Beef ?! SMH !! Combination Chow Mein .. Noodles sure wasnt chow mein but a different type. Combination meant Beef, Chicken & Shrimp .. Well I think there was maybe 2 pieces of shrimp n I dont know how many pieces of beef & chicken. But they got the dish wrong coz WHERE IS THE VEGGIES ?! NONE was in this dish ?! I dont know of any noodle dish esp chow mein where there isnt vegetables.. maybe they stuffed them all.in them eggrolls coz the noodles needed it. I spent a total of $ 41 for take out dinner which to me I thought I was bringing home a great Chinese dinner meal. But, fr my experience Id rather take a drive to Chinatown & experience a good sit down Chinese dinner for the price I paid. I was very disappointed. I felt I paid for freakin VEGETABLES !! & Im not eating in Hawaii lol its Vegas .. So I dont think Id be coming back here even if I had another craving. I still have leftovers and this is 4 days after. Im not one to write reviews like this coz I have a love affair with food haha but Im just being honest here and looking out for my other yelpers here in Vegas :)
4	I was hungry after my hair appointment and was asking if anyone knew of any good Chinese places in the area. They mentioned this place had good food and big portions so we wanted to check it out. It was a chilly night so I started off with the Hot and Sour Soup( $6.25). It was made with bamboo shoots, seafood , tofu and mushrooms. It tasted good but I would suggest eating it all there. It doesn't taste as good reheated. My brother ordered the Orange Chicken ($8.25) and I ordered the Sesame Chicken ($8.25). I'm glad that steamed rice automatically came with these dishes.  I'm not a fan of ordering everything a la carte. The food was good and the portions were big enough to last a couple of days!
4	This place is great. Flavors are a little different than your traditional Chinese but still very good. So much so, we've been twice in under a week!
3	Boba tea is good. Restaurant is clean. Service is attentive. It was made fresh/fast. But the phad Thai I ordered was terribly sweet. Tasted like a spoon of sugar at every bit. I know it is supposed to be sweet but not like that. The worse I had so far. the portion and ingredients tasted fresh...
4	Solid food, great service for a Chinese restaurant. The cashier actually took the time of day to check on us a few times and make sure everything was up to par. The dine in layout is pretty basic and small, however, it gets the job done.
1	We ordered for delivery. The service was quick. The food sadly was not good.The sesame beef was OK. On the sweet side. The beef chow mien was just not edible. It had a very odd taste to it. The egg rolls had the taste of oil gone bad. My husband ordered some shrimp dish and the look of it was scary. It was a brown box of mush. Never again.
4	I was impressed. Delivery was fast and I really liked everything (besides the potstickers) yummy boba and tasty walnut shrimp. Sauteed veggies Were awsome. All u can say is YUM!
5	Yummy!  Great prices, LOTS of food per order.
2	Disappointed! Been getting take out from here for abt 2 months...they are not consistent. Sometimes the food is good and sometimes it tastes like a 10 year old made it. Don't know what is going on with the staff. Same thing with delivery. Sometimes they have eveything and sometimes they are missing items. Not worth the trouble. Rather order from somewhere else and spend my money elsewhere.
4	This is really more like 3.5 stars, but I wanted to give them more of the benefit than the doubt.  Overall the food is decent, by far, one of the better non-chain's out there.  The pot stickers were so-so, but everything else was decent.  The place got busy and noisy and all of the cool air rushed out.  I would go again.
1	Overall Rice n Noodle has been good until I tried today. I called at 3:45 pm, they told me it was too late for the lunch special that ends at 4pm. I was shocked at the arrogance in how he said it so I questioned him about it & he told me they can't be expected to give away food. WHAT!! I was even more shocked. If there gonna pull things like this, who knows what else they do. Food is ok but not as good as Baidu, or even China a Go Go. Honestly don't trust this place.
1	Not a fan!  Greasy, cheap (not in a good way) Chinese food.  Came here for lunch with a few co-workers.  Ordered a lunch combo came with egg drop soup and crunch things (which we had to share).  For the combo, I had mongolian beef, which came with fried rice and noodles (hence the name).  I ate it because I was hungry, but it was completely unsatisfying.  It was a waste of calories!The food overall just had a generic taste.  Not worth coming back to.  I'd rather go to Panda Express for greasy, Americanized Chinese food next time.
4	Good dishes at a very inexpensive price.  Very good New York style pork potstickers.  I think they also have a terrific mapo tofu.  Surprised at some of the negative reviews.  Maybe we have just been lucky!
5	Out of town... Came here from google that had a 4.4 star at the time. Overall great, food good, water got to the bottom, great service and great food. I wasn't excepting much ... Good price and good food.
4	I order from here because it's pretty good food for a decent price. I also live next door so it's super convenient. When I get my food, it's always hot and fresh. I get the feeling they know my order when I call! Not sure if I'm proud or not...haha!
3	What I like about this place are the HUGE portions of food. I ordered the curry chicken, which came on a full plate and the rice came on another plate. For $8.95, this was a deal! The serving is enough for two people, or for one person to have leftovers for later. I had a sit down meal, so I'm not sure if the to-go orders would have the same portion size.I give Rice N Noodle 3/5 stars because it is a fast food Chinese restaurant and it is exactly that. Everything is fried in a pan, with quick service.I ordered the curry chicken and it did not come out as I expected. The dish is marked with a chili pepper for its spiciness, seasoned with chopped up bell peppers and onions. The dish was more of a quick stir fried chicken curry instead of the saucy Asian curry I was expecting.Located in a grocery store plaza, many come by for takeout. You can also sit and eat there as well, as it seats up to 30 people. I'd recommend this place only for a quick takeout order because of the portion size, but the flavor and taste are just average for Chinese food.
4	Small and friendly.  The lunch specials are a great deal.  Mongolian beef is the best thing to get here.
4	We found this place by accident. After trying to order Soul food and being treated rudely, we drove around and found this place. Customer's were picking up their orders and it's not your typical Chinese Food place, they cook your food when you order. We grabbed a menu and took our food home. All i can say is wow! Food was hot and tasted great! Especially after the ordeal we had just went through we will definately be back!
4	Great service, good price and excellent food recommend you go here especially if you live close to this location. I go at least, 3 times a week and have never been disappointed.
4	My husband is a regular here and the food is great! The lunch specials are a good price and the portions are huge. We definitely love coming here as a family and we are never disappointed. We recommend this place to everyone we know and they love it too! I give it 4 stars instead of 5 only because a couple of the staff are not as friendly as they should be. I wish I knew the one lady name that is very nice every time we come but she is the only one that is always so friendly to us.
5	I love love love this place!!! They are always so friendly and give you so much food. Great pricing...I highly recommend this place! We usually order once every two weeks!!
5	This place is by far the best Chinese take out place that I gave eaten in. I lived in NY and been to California several times and this place is just as good or better!! You get a lot if food for little money!! They are quick with their deliveries or pick up order as well!! Keep up the good job guys!!!
4	1) quick2) good variety deals3)reasonably priced 4) orange chicken is great5) lo mein rice is great 6) orange beef was not cooked right
4	Really good, fast Chinese food. Wish they had couple things that other Chinese restaurant have but none the less awesome food.
5	One of my favorite take out places. Orange chicken is awesome. Staff is always friendly and attentive.
5	Awesome Kung pau chicken and great service
5	I ordered the sauteed veggie lunch special and requested it spicy,  it was delicious!  They give you tons of food and sides which were fried rice and noodles.  It  also came with a small soup and what looked like fried rice crackers.  It was all tasty n hit the spot all for a little ovrr 5 bucks!  Matthew ordered the Mongolian beef which he said he loved.   I think we found a favorite lunch place.  The service was great they were very attentive.
5	Mongolian Beef is incredible! Great and fast service.
4	Food was good. Takeout took an hr to get here but it was hot and fresh. Would order again.
4	Love the crab Rangoon! Chicken pad Thai is ok. The Mongolian beef lunch special is a lot for a good price but the beef was too spicy and the chow main was kind of sucky. Although they do have fast service and are very friendly. I still go back though.
5	Just found my new Chinese restaurant in the neighborhood. I got the combo chow mein and hot garlic chicken. Both delicious!! Quick and good service. At reasonable prices. So happy it's in my neck of the woods! Highly recommend!
5	Love this place, especially for delivery in the evenings.  I do live about a mile away but several times I had my $20+ orders delivered and on my plate within 30 minutes.The food tastes great as well.  I typically stick to shrimp entrees which have never disappointed as well as the Orange Chicken, all of the Chow Mein's, and even the Chicken Fried Rice. Great food, decent prices, and very quick delivery times.  A+ in my book.
5	Excellent food! Staff was so great, too. Stopped here for lunch during our day in west Las Vegas. The lunch portions are huge. We had everything from beef to chicken to pork and it was all great. Will definitely come back when we are out in LV, again!
4	Great for takeout. One of the best Chinese take out plsces I've tried. Delicious fried rice and the hunan beef is to die for.
2	I read the reviews and decided on the orange chicken and the mongolian beef. Both lunch specials. The taste of the orange chicken and mongolian beef was really good. On the bad side there were more onions and peppers than beef. Also the rice was way under cooked which was very surprising. I hate wasting food buy the rice was not editable.
5	I really enjoy eating here for a price friendly yet still tasty and appetizing quick fix for Chinese food. The food is well seasoned. Surprisingly haven't had anything too salty. And their service here is spot on. They are attentive and super friendly. And this place isn't really a "Chinatown sit down restaurant" it's a delivery lunch special plaza Chinese joint but they serve you as if you're eating in Chinatown. If anything their service here is better than your typical Chinese dining restaurants. Everything is well priced and the beef chow fun is particularly my favorite. Keep up the good work Rice n Noodle. Hands down my favorite quicky Chinese joint
4	Love the eggplant tofu here inexpensive and satisfying lol
2	I've had delivery from here once. Food is good BUT the delivery driver was rude and they ended up charging me more than the price on their printed menu! When I asked the driver about it - he shrugged his soldiers and said "I don't know" Whatever, I wasn't going to waste my time so I just paid and took the food. About 20 min later, the same driver returns with a second order that I never ordered! He had been told back at the restaurant that we had ordered a second time and to have it delivered. Uhhhh I don't think so.I will not be ordering from them again.
4	First time here, I was hungry and have been wanting to try this place. Food was good, cheap and fast service.  I will be coming back.
4	Limited but good vegetarian options.  I had the tofu and eggplant. It was sweet and spicy really good.  They do delivery up to 4 miles which is always nice
5	Absolutely amazing!!!! Have ordered from here a bunch of times and never ever a disappointment. Always big portions whether lunch or dinner. I would definetly recommend if looking for a GREAT Chinese spot in the southwest.
4	Tried it for the first time over the weekend. Ordered 2 lunch specials & the portions were awesome. The food tasted decent but I felt that the sauces were a little too sweet in flavor. I'll order different dishes next time.
1	I honestly can't say if I like here or Panda Express better.
5	Theres nothing i don't like about this place. Their food is sooo good! Best of all they dont have a minimum for delivery! Their chow mein is my favorite! Actually everything is good
3	Good Chinese food for Cheap Price. I went in with 2 other colleagues .Service is good. Good Portions.Quick Service.Doesnt take American Express.Probably i will go there once every two months, because there are so many restaurants in town which serve similar kind of chinese food for the same price. so nothing special hence giving 3 stars.
1	Why did I even go here?..I feel sick..I really would much rather have Panda Express and that's saying a lot!..never again
4	My favorite Asian quick eats in Vegas. They have a great lunch special that is so worth the price. You can choose to dine in with waiter service that's always been friendly. Or you can take out. If i'm in the mood for spicy noodles I get their  Singapore noodles with chicken. If I'm there for their lunch special that ends at 4pm I usually get their Hot Garlic chicken. Most of the lunch specials come with fried rice, chow mien and a cup of their egg drop soup. I usually dr the soup with some pepper and spice. Hey I like it hot :) Every time I've gone the place is ALWAYS CLEAN! I've never had a bad expierince with the food or the staff.
5	Love this place good portions the soups are the best in town and very reasonable prices definitely my favorite strip mall Chinese restaurant and the staff is always very friendly and helpful and it's a very clean restaurant
1	Food is good and came out quick, but that's about it. Customer service here is nonexistent. Lunch special ends at 4pm. My boyfriend and I came in around 3:55pm (I know, I know... really close to 4pm), and tried putting in our order for the special. The waitress tried telling us only before 4pm. My boyfriend showed his watch to her that we still had a couple minutes. She spoke to the man sitting to the table next to us who was eating, I'm assuming the boss, manager, or owner (someone along those lines) to see if we could still order the special. The waitress said, "Just this once he said it's okay." She then went on to say they didn't have any fried rice or noodles, just steamed rice. How can you run a business called Rice n Noodle, but not have it? Also, their employees eat in plain view of the customers. Definitely won't be coming back.
4	Delicious. Tasty. Excellent flavor. Friendly staff. Super quick. Have come here several times and the portions are big at a good price. Always a good experience and always enjoy the food.
1	It is unfortunate that my husband and I won't be ordering from there again, since we got excited when we discover another Chinese restaurant that is around our neighborhood. We ordered the spicy garlic chicken; curry beef; seafood hot and sour soup and garden vegetable with fried rice and the complimentary white rice for take-out one night and we both got sick the next day with diarrhea!!! The food was not fresh and super salty, which was so gross.
4	This place is awesome. I really enjoy coming here for some quick Chinese food. If you need something fast and tasty I highly recommend this place. Whenever I need to pick up a mask for the family I just come here to pick stuff up. This place also delivers which is amazing at a charge of two bucks. The only reason for four stars is because the food here can sometimes be slightly oily at times.
2	Not impressed! The food was was not good, and was overpriced. I would rather go to Panda Express or China Go Go since the food is better and cheaper. The food didn't have much taste and very greasy. My wife and I ate there and then both got horrible gut rot all night. Yeah, it's one of those kind of places. Have not plans of going back there.
4	This place is right down the street from my house but I never thought to give it a try until one day I was at tanning 2 doors down around lunch time and the amazing smell drew me in. Their food is good - not the best ever but consistently good. The lunch specials are a great deal. The portions are huge for the price and they are fast and friendly. Way more food for a lower price thank the big chains.
1	Good price, good timing, good taste, but made us sick each night we ate it. Very disappointing bc everything else was good.
4	Such a nice surprise when we found out the each menu item we ordered came with a big box of rice!!Portions size great for the price.  Service was good and the place was clean.We ordered Walnut Shrimp which I expected to only have about 12 shrimps inside.  I was wrong. Fried and coated perfectly!Salt and Pepper Shrimp again more than the expected 12 shrimps in the order.  Good seasoning and just the right amount of heat.Mongolian Beef was average but good.Corn Egg Flower Soup was perfect for my hangover!!Crab Rangoons had too much cream cheese.  I would have liked more crab inside.Mango and Honeydew Boba was refreshing but the boba seemed over cooked.Overall I was glad I found this little gem.  And thank you for curing my hangover!!
5	Hands down best Chinese food I've ever had the noodles and house chicken is the best !
4	First time here,  everything was amazing.  Denny was the cashier/waiter/manager and was super nice!
4	This location is not in Chinatown and I love it! Sometimes I crave for authentic Chinese food and driving out to Chinatown can be a hot mess: no parking, etc.. etc. Lol! This place is affordable and my boyfriend and I go there for lunch!
4	This is the only Chinese food I'll order from in my neighborhood. There are three other Chinese restaurants that are closer but they are awful. I'm not sure how they are still in business. Chinatown is far for me so I usually end up here to satisfy my Chinese food craving.Mabo tofu, honey walnut shrimp, Mongolian beef, wor wonton soup, & the salt and pepper squid are my favorites from this place. They give a huge portion. I can never finish in one sitting and they give plenty of rice. I like how the kitchen is out in the open so you can see them cook your food. Pick up is fast, usually ready in  5-10 minutes. No complaints about the service.
5	I always order over the phone and pick up food after work. I love their salt n pepper pork chop n squid. I tried the different entrees and so Far everything just taste great. And they give a big box of rice for each entree which I find very convenient for me I don't have to cook rice when I get home.the portions of the entrees are more than enough
5	I'm new to Las Vegas, but I found Rice And Noodle to be my new favorite Chinese restaurant,bi have only been there a few times, but every time was a wonderful experience,  the food is always fresh & the restaurant is clean.The Hong Kong Crispy Noodles was one of the best Chinese meals I have ever had, I also love the Pot Stickers, can't wait to try more of there selections!  I highly recommend Rice and Noodle!
2	Food isn't bad but the service is awful. If you can get past the consent (4x's) order screw -ups go for it. I will never recommend this place.
2	So I just left this place and I must say that service is almost nonexistent here. Didn't get ask if I wanted a refill, didn't get checked on, and I had to go up the counter and pay while the two women were having a conversation and looking at a phone. I found this to be extremely rude; plus I didn't get a fortune cookie :-(. Anyway I had the lunch special which was the chefs special, no spice. Wasn't bad, but the chow mien was sorta dry. The lunch special is from 11-4pm, so that's not bad. I don't know if I'll be back though. Cheers! Hope this helps
4	Great place in a nice atmosphere. Service was great they brought me food and refills!
5	It's soooooo good and quick... I Eder the same thing EVERYTIME. Singapore noodle extra extra spicy. Get it & thank me!
3	just okay food. cheaply priced, so no complaints when comparing quality to that. you get what you pay for.i've been back a couple of times.
4	Flavors and portions were spot on but customer service is lacking. While the service leaves much to be desired it wouldn't prevent me from frequenting the restaurant.
