4	So your wife gets a flat tire and you need to get it fixed, and the dealership you work at is closed till Monday. Where are you gonna go? Well after driving around for an hour trying to find a place that's open, I found Firestone.Chad the manager was extremely helpful in getting my tire fixed.  20 minutes and they pulled my Equinox in, got the tire off, patched it, and had me out of there without trying to upsell me on anything I didn't need.  I did check out prices on new tires and the prices weren't bad either.Totally reccomend this place for your automotive needs if your in the neighborhood.
4	I went in for an oil change. After adding inspection, adjust and clean rear brakes (was needed) and signing up for the Firestone card, cost about $70. The nice man offered me a whole slew of other things they could also do, but didn't pressure me at all when I declined most of them. Very good service for this basic maintenance I had done, for a price.
1	I had a nail in the driver-side front tire of my wife's 2008 Rav4. I took it here for a repair. The manager told me it could not be repaired and the only tire they had for me was $100. I went for a second opinion at Discount Tire which repaired my tire in 10 minutes at no charge. I won't be coming back here.
5	Firestone Leadership Team,I visited your Mesa Arizona location on Guadalupe Road this morning for an oil change. I have been a long time customer at this location and have always felt good about the service that I have received. Today was no exception for my oil change. I don't write in today to talk about the service that I received, but wanted to comment on another customer situation that if observed while I was in the lobby waiting for my service. When I entered the store this morning there was a female customer in front of me that was quite emotional and upset with a situation concerning motor mounts on her car. She was very hard to deal with and as I listened to the conversation, even with my limited knowledge of auto repair, I could tell that she was completely in the wrong. She was loud, rude, demanding and very emotional. Customers are NOT always right!I have spent the past 20 years of my career leading large customer service organizations, so I am no stranger to dealing with upset customers. This customer issue was being handled by Chad, one of your front people for this location. I was blown away by how professionally he handled the situation. He hit every point I would have ever expected from one of my customer service Associates. He stayed calm even when the customer was not being rational, was clearly in the wrong and even personally attacked him verbally. He maintained his composure, sat down with the customer, listened, repeated what he heard her saying, stayed focused on the customer and the issue. He showed empathy and concern, he worked hard to let her know that he cared about her and her situation. He reviewed everything in detail with her, even bringing the part into the store so he could demonstrate the issue with her. He gave her options and did everything he could to help her resolve the issue. He was focused on making her happy and meeting her needs while protecting the integrity of the organization as other customers were in the lobby.I don't often take the time to recognize amazing customer service, but I felt compelled today to point out what an amazing job Chad did with this customer. If Chad were in the same industries that I manage, I would offer him a position today. I just wish that all of my associates showed the same passion for the customer and business that Chad did today. You should be very proud of Chad and I certainly hope the you show these kind of Associates recognition for representing your company in such a positive way as they are the face of the organization for customers like me.Kudos to Chad for doing an amazing job today!Your Long Time Loyal Customer
5	A huge thank you to Brian at Firestone! Yesterday evening I came into the shop ten minutes before closing. They put my spare tire on for me and had me setup to get a new tire in the morning. I got there at 7am and by 7:10am this morning I had a new tire and was off to work. Brian was friendly, quick and efficient. Before going to Firestone I had called Discount Tire to only get rudeness and a lot of sighs about them closing in 15 minutes. Thank you Brian for your awesome customer service! I will always choose Firestone over Discount Tire!
5	The staff at Firestone On Guadalupe Alma school have always treated my wife with respect and always made her feel like a pain customer never try to seller on windshields are lightbulbs or oil changes when it wasn't need she just goes in to get a tire or an oil change that's all they do the manager Chad's assistant Brian and some of the mechanics like hoss  and Eric the staff is outstanding I would refer everybody and anybody to go and check out this Firestone
5	On my way home from work low tire pressure light came on. As luck would have it I planned to go to the safeway on alma and guadalupe. Noticed Firestone near by and had hoped tp borrow a tire guage and air pump. Was immediately greeted by a super friendly guy who said he'd be right with me. He was in the middle of checking out another couple and they seemed very happy with whatever work they had done. He then told me to pull around back, determined what my air pressure would be, and filled all four tires right away. When I asked if this might be climate related he then gave me a brief education on what caused the issue.  He did this all free of charge despite how many other cars were there..I will be back and highly recommend these guys.
