4	I've always wondered about the large, pretty white building right off of South & East boulevards. And then  I heard about a Tidbits launch party launching at Alexander Scott...a new interiors and home furnishings biz housed in that very building! First of all, it's huge. It's a very large building. And there is so much merchandise gracing every room. It's nicely laid out, if a bit crowded, with custom furniture, ready made pieces, candles, bedding, jewelry, cards, paintings, and beautiful home goods. I even spied some vintage chandeliers and suitcases in the mix! There are two levels to explore so be ready to spend a bit of time in the store searching through all the treasures. While I really enjoyed the beautiful furniture and fabrics, there were a few extra bright spots worth mentioning: -Alexander Scott has a great selection of jewelry. Very impressive and uber affordable. This was a shocker to me. Pretty cuffs from $25-$50, necklaces from $40-$100, etc. All sorts of styles, materials and tastes. -There's a fantastic collection of handmade greeting cards (on both levels). Many of these items are crafted by local and regional artists. My favorite? A card that simple read, "You are the Milli to my Vanilli. Girl you know it's true." Hell to the yeah. -The staff were welcoming and very sweet. No uppity attitudes here. If you're shopping along East Blvd., Alexander Scott is a fantastic stop...for your home, yourself or to snag a gift!
4	Charlotte Tidbits threw their launch party at Alexander Scott, which is located basically at the corner of South and East behind the Fuel pizza. And boy am I glad that I attended. The building is quite large and stuffed to the gills (without hindering walkways) with furniture, throw pillows, jewelry, soaps/lotions, hilarious greeting cards, gorgeous paintings, and much much more. Spent a significant time walking through both floors (that's right - two floors filled with fabulousness) and found quite a few things I liked and a minimal amount that was just a bit too antiquey looking for my taste. The staff was really friendly and helpful, and with such a wide array of options inside, this is the perfect stop for gifts for those hard-to-shop-for people on your list. Not super cheap prices but definitely not exorbitant, either. There is a private lot for parking, so swing on by next time you're in that area and check out the treasures inside.
4	This place is HUGE and full of vendors who have a great eye for fantastic home furnishings and accessories.  TONS of glassware in right now... the new trend is the mid-century mod highball glasses, cocktail glasses and cocktail shakers-- they do not disappoint but they are a bit pricey compared to others I have been scoping out.Great prices on some stuff, ridiculous prices on other things... this tends to be the case in these multi-vendor homegoods stores.  I used to skip the upstairs as it usually was pretty boring but that area has really gotten gussied up and is worth a peek.  They have awesome art work in the stairwell and throughout the store.  Their signature candles smell wonderful!The people who work here could not be any friendlier or more helpful.  Surprise of the store:  They have really cute jewelry at affordable prices and have recently added cute scarves, as well!4.5 stars but rounded down bcasue they still have a few vendors whose wares are not fitting for this place... seems like wasted space.
