5	Trini is fantastic! While my fiance (now husband :] ) and I planned our own wedding, we wanted someone to coordinate the day-of for us so that we wouldn't have to worry about executing or following-up with all of the details we spent so long planning, yet we wanted everything to go off without a hitch and be, well... perfect!With Trini, it WAS perfect! She kept us on schedule, took care of any mishaps (in fact if there were any, I don't even know about them b/c she took care of it), and made sure that everything went the way we dreamed it would.Trini is professional, SO nice, and really knows what she is doing. She also has no problems taking things into her own hands. At our ceremony venue (a church), they had rearranged the layout recently and we HATED it! We were afraid to make too many waves, so Trini took care of making them for us! In no time at all, she negotiated some amazing changes and arranged for a much better layout. This alone was worth everything we paid her! Well, that and the peace of mind she gave me the day of knowing that I didn't need to worry about ANYTHING.I have also been to several events put on by The Wedding Clique which Trini is a part of and she always does an AMAZING job planning those events, as well!  They are beautiful, classy, and creative, and everything Trini touches seems to turn to gold!Seriously, hire Trini and let her do her thing.  It will make your life so much easier and your wedding much less stressful! :D
5	My husband and I have had the pleasure of working w/Trini when we first got engaged. Due to our wedding budget, we were certainly skeptical of hiring a wedding planner; however, we can both confidently say that Trini was worth so much more than what we paid! The one important aspect of my wedding was originality. We both wanted a wedding that was different form your typical hotel wedding. Everything from our hand-painted wedding invites, to our unique floral table-clothes, Trini's creative ideas certainly came to life. Another important aspect of Trini's involvement in our wedding was her prompt response time. Being the stressed out and anxious bride that I was, Trini promptly answered every emai/text/phone call I ever placed! And although I am sure she could have been extremely annoyed w/me, she always assured me that she had everything under control. If you are having a wedding, party, baby shower, etc., I assure you that you will be nothing less than pleased w/Trini's services :)Thanks again Trini! I am going to miss talking to you every day :)Melissa and Humberto Paramo
5	Trini is by far one of the most outstanding event planners available! She is very organized and goes above and beyond when it comes to taking care of her clients. She has wonderful ideas and is always thinking of creative ways to make the most out of every event. Worth every dollar and is highly recommended!
5	In a sentence, Trini was the key to our wedding success. Let me share our amazing experience in more detail below:Once the bliss of engagement turned into the realization of all the wedding planning efforts we were going to need to make, my husband and I knew we would need some help, especially since we wanted to have a short engagement (6 months) and an outdoor venue (which can be a challenge for coordination). Knowing that we both had full time jobs (and long commutes at that), I recommended we hire a wedding coordinator. As a big fan of review websites like Yelp, I found Trini at Nozza Studio, right around the corner from where we live in Long Beach.I called Trini and she said we could stop by that same evening when we both got home. Already, Trini got huge points for making herself available. After our first meeting, I knew she was the person we were looking for. How you may ask? I'll tell you.My husband and I knew that we wanted an outdoor wedding, and my husband always joked with me that his ideal wedding would also have the In-N-Out truck as the caterer. I would laugh, knowing that that it wasn't likely to happen. When we sat down with Trini, he told her about his ideal wedding, and to our surprise, she said, "I've done an In-N-Out wedding before." My jaw hit the floor, and I immediately inquired for more details. Trini had found a way that In-N-Out could be a little more "formal" by having servers bring a burger to the table. I was sold because now our guests wouldn't have to stand in line out in the parking lot (unless they wanted a second burger).Trini and I remained in touch throughout the whole of the 6 months of planning, exchanging emails, phone calls, and quick evening meetings to make sure decisions were made in a timely manner. Trini provided great suggestions for the vendors at our event based on the "experience" that we were trying to capture for our guests (and ourselves). In fact, we went with most of her vendors (we had already picked out a photographer prior to meeting Trini, but she had some great suggestions for this key role too). Trini was very responsive, often replying within an hour or so. And she captured all the big changes in her updates on the budget and vendor list. All the organization aside, I really enjoyed brainstorming with her to design wedding invitations and other little details. I am very crafty and wanted to make signs, table numbers, escort cards, and other little details as well - so Trini worked with me to determine what needed to be made and how it would be displayed. Trini even collected all our our "day-of" wedding stuff a week early so she could bring it all herself (one less thing for the bride and groom to forget).As the wedding day neared, Trini and I developed a timeline of events for the vendors and guests that had arrival times, locations, and the order of events (ceremony start, cocktail hour, even cake cutting and dancing). This outlined helped my husband and I know what to expect on our day, so we weren't surprised.Needless to say, having Trini as our wedding coordinator was instrumental to our perfect wedding. Not only did the In-N-Out truck go off without a hitch, all the little things that she did to make it all seamlessly perfect, made our day memorable to us and our guests. A huge thank you to Trini for all of the hard work! We don't know what we could have done without you (and we don't even want to guess).If you're having a wedding (or any event really), you owe it to yourself to sit down with Trini and see how she can help you to make your dream event a reality.
5	Hiring Trini, from Nozza Studio, was the best decision I made in planning my wedding. I was the type of bride that had the time to plan but had no real vision. It didn't take long before I was completely overwhelmed with all of my options and realized that I was in over my head. The stress and anxiety that Trini freed me of was worth her fee alone. Based on our conversations and a few torn out pictures from magazines, Trini envisioned, designed, planned and brought to life the wedding of my dreams. Trini also referred me to excellent vendors that were not only trustworthy but fit in my budget. Plus, the stationary she designs is breathtaking! My custom Save-the-Dates, Invites, Programs, Escort Cards (one-of-a-kind boutonnieres for men and hair clips for women) really brought the look of the wedding together.I was told by countless brides that my wedding day would be a blur and I wouldn't remember a thing. I had the complete opposite experience. Trini took care of all the details and distractions so that I could be totally present at my wedding. I expected to be somewhat sad after it was over but, surprisingly, I'm even happier now. I'm left with such vivid memories of my wedding day thanks to Trini. Ultimately, I wanted a beautiful wedding that I would be able to enjoy just as much as my guests...Trini gave me my wish and I will be forever grateful to her.
5	My fiance and I just started the wedding planning process a few weeks ago. Ironically, two of my friends who do not know each other used Trini as their wedding planner for their big days. They only had amazing things to say about Trini and once I read about the rave reviews on Yelp, I knew I had to meet her. Due to a schedule conflict, Trini offered to meet my fiance and I at a place of our choosing on a Wednesday night during rush hour. Right off the bat, I knew she would be awesome to work with. We informed her that since we were paying for the majority of the wedding expenses ourselves and have roughly 300 guests, we were on a tight budget. We also have some venue constraints due to catering limitations since it will be a bi-cultural wedding (I'm Vietnamese and my fiance is Irish).  Trini not only listened attentively to our wants and concerns, she was also very proactive during the meeting. She asked us tons of questions, gave us options to look at and really tried to get a sense of our vision. Trini offered to review our existing budget to  see where she could possibly help us save on costs. A few days later she emailed me her proposed budget. I just could not believe it! She put sooo much time and effort into her proposal. Most event planners/coordinator will not do this until you actually hire them. After much thought, we decided to hire another wedding planner. It was a VERY difficult decision for us to make. We absolutely LOVED Trini, but decided to go with the other planner because she has experience working with the Vietnamese wedding vendors in the Orange County area that we already decided on. My parents are very traditional and therefore my venue options and creative vision for my wedding are limited. Trini is awesome! You can not go wrong hiring her.
5	Trini truly made my wedding a dream come true. It was more than I had hoped, everything was amazing and perfect. Everyone- I mean EVERYONE said how beautiful everything was and how much fun they had. I can honestly say that I did not have a single stress during the ENTIRE wedding planning process. I was able to contact Trini anytime, any day and she was always so sweet and there to answer any questions I had. The day of the wedding- absolutely no worries....I was 110% stress free, all I did was sit back and enjoy the process and even more- the BIG day! I cannot thank her enough. She also recommends nothing but the best vendors. Trust her judgement- she's always right on. If you want the fabulous wedding you've always dreamed of....Nozza Studio will give you exactly that.Every detail, every moment was carefully thought through and executed. If there were any problems, I sure didn't know about it! My inspiration board was seriously brought to life. You can't make mistakes with these types of milestones in your life, Trini knows that more than anyone and it would be a mistake not to have her beside you and she will be there every step of the way! If I could put more stars, I totally would!
4	Trini was great to work with.  We just needed a day of coordinator for our wedding, and her pricing and services were just right.  She absolutely has great taste and great ideas.  She is always available and has been very supportive during my typical bride freak out moments.  We definitely appreciated the fact that she went out of her way to come see our site the night before and doing other things we needed.
5	It took me a while to write Trini's review because it is so hard for me to express in words how much I am so thankful that she was a big part of my wedding planning with my now husband. Our wedding planning was for a year and a half and Trini was there to support and help us through until the wedding day. Trini is very reasonable with her prices and packages. I will tell you that I think I stayed calm and collective throughout the year and a half of planning.. until the BIG day!. At the times I was starting to panic, Trini would be there to take my stress away and make sure everything would be as smooth as possible. Trini keeps everything with open communication and I love it because I was able to trust her and all her judgements and for me, my wedding was perfect.  My family had no stress, my husbands family had no stress, everyone really had a great time and focused on really what we were celebrating.  Trini was honestly the side of my brain who took care of the organizing, the planning, the communication with vendors and so forth. All my husband and I had to do was attend the meetings she set up for us with the vendors and with her and sign the contracts when she was through reading them.. thats how much we trust Trini. Of course with every wedding it isn't perfect but, Trini, even if she is in Arizona made it seem like she was down the street from us because things were getting fixed and done with a snap of a finger. She truly is an amazing and excellent person to work with. Trini, thank you so much for being part of our wedding, our wedding is truly unforgettable and exactly the way we envisioned it. You were able to take an idea and make it more personal to Charles and I.
5	I was referred to Trini through one of my best friends, Lauren, and it was honestly one of the biggest blessings of my life. Having the opportunity to work with such an amazing, helpful, caring and organized event planner like Trini made my wedding day the wedding of my dreams. Trini did not skip a beat - everything was absolutely perfect and I couldn't image having worked with anyone else other than her to plan such a special day in my life. Over the past year I've heard over and over how stressful wedding planning can be, and to be honest, there was VERY minimal times that I felt overwhelmed or stressed because of Trini's ability to make everything run so smoothly. Trini also referred me to the BEST vendors in the entire world, one was not better than the other and they too helped make my wedding one that myself, my husband, and all of our families and friends will never stop talking about! Trini - your are freakin amazing at what you do, and anyone should be so lucky to have you be part of one of their most special days of their lives. Thank you from the bottom of my heart for everything!
