3	I've been to this Denny's a few times since I live so close. Luckily, I kind of like this Denny's because I know I'll end up here again some time. It's inevitable.I'm usually in here really really late (or early). My last visit was at 11:45 pm though.We walked in & it looked like a disaster zone. I guess they hadn't had time to clean up after the dinner crowd or something. While we were there they vacuumed & started cleaning up.Our server seemed really new. But I'm not rating poorly based on her service. Everyone needs to be able to learn the ropes without judgment. And just because your server is new & isn't perfect doesn't mean you tip her $2 on a ticket for 4 people. That's lousy.Pro's:The various tv's scattered around that play music videos or sports.It's cozy here. The decor is nice.They were able to get my omelet order right.The nachos are SO good!The strawberry mango pucker or chiller was really good. Perfectly tart. YUM!The staff is usually really friendly & don't mind joking around with you.Con's:My milkshake was more like chocolate milk. Not even close to thick really.I asked for my hash browns crispy. Didn't really come like that. They're called hash BROWNS for a reason.The side salad was huge. But it's just iceberg lettuce. Yuck. The balsamic vinaigrette dressing is way too sweet too.
1	I couldn't give them a lower score so I gave them 1 star lol. I ate there 2 years ago and I got food poisoning. I should of sued them for all their grand slams. Never again I went back to a Denny's.
3	Anything you would expect a typical Denny's. Average food for an average price.I came here with my boyfriend one night. The only thing I will comment on that makes my trip to Denny's different from other trips is that they had Baconalia and my boyfriend decided to try the maple bacon sundae, against the waiter's advice and mine! Bacon is great but there are just some areas that bacon should not go and one is a sundae at Denny's. The maple syrup is their regular syrup that sinks to the bottom of the glass. There were bacon crumbles on top that was equivalent to 1 slice, which got soggy being on the ice cream. I would not advise that sundae to my enemy.All in all nothing out of the ordinary except for the catastrophe of the maple bacon sundae.
2	Went in around 12am and the place wasn't too busy as you might expect at midnight. Waited for 15-20 minutes for the food to show up and when it arrived we were missing my boyfriend's food. The server apologized explaining that the kitchen forgot the order (but I think she had forgot to ring it in and wasn't being upfront) and said "please don't hate me". His food came out after about 5min and the waitress did offer us a complimentary dessert but I was still disappointed with service because she was simply not very attentive. We watched her do sidework as we were waiting on her to come by to our table. Being a server myself I understand that there are circumstances that are out of your control and sometimes you can't give as good of service as you normally would  however I feel that we could have had much better experience had our server been more attentive because it simply wasn't very busy.
5	Another spot that I like 24/7. The staff is great. The food is standard Denny's food. This place has been here for 30 years and I have gone there for that long. Never very busy and always good service.
3	Denny's is Denny's.  Foodwise, I could copy and paste the same review to each location.  But it's all about the people and staff that make a difference.  This place is pretty decent. People are nice and you get your food in a good amount of time.My only beef is when they are busy and you're ready to leave, ya might be waiting a bit to pay your bill.  That's happened to me a few times.
3	Never really had a bad experience here. There have been exceptional service on a few occassions. You just have to find the right time where the right waiters are working so that you may enjoy your meal with great service. I'd say about half the staff are actually good at what they do. I go here at all times to test out my theory and most of the good waiters work the late shift.
5	Luis was our waiter and he was fantastic. Food was very delicious.
2	Well to sum up this visit; The food was mostly cold. My Mom and I watched as food sat under the heating lamp for more than 5 minutes. The coffee was old and not very hot. Food isn't fully cooked. My English muffin was hardly toasted. Just tasted like bread and butter.As terrible as the food was, the service was nice. Our server was Luis and he was very attentive. That's the only reason I gave a second star because he did his job well. The cooks just need to get it together.
1	Terrible. Ordered a burger, and after an hour and a half still no food. Sat in the grossest, most crowded area I've ever experienced. The lady next to me had to complain after 30 minutes when the didn't bring her drink out. And I overhead the waitress saying that Spiderman 3 was her favorite movie. Don't go here.
2	Worst service ever and the manager was awful. Food was cold. Hash browns soggy with grease. Flimsy bacon when I asked for crispy. Everything was in the danger zone temp wise. And took FOREVER. Server was Janelle (had to figure that out by reading her name tag seeing as she didn't introduce herself.) Probably won't return.
1	This place is terrible. Live near here and have gone many a times to meet for a late night meal or a breakfast on the weekends. We finally stopped going because our orders were always wrong, the food was even worse than standard Denny's fare, and the staff is horrible. Hickeys all over their necks, dirt under finger nails, greasy grimy hair, dirty uniforms were the final straw. Go over to the IHOP at 19th and Northern. It's not fabulous but at least the staff is decent....
1	The service was extra terrible today. I can usually deal with it but today was just bad.
1	What can I say,  well I usually give a star for the customer service and 4 for the food,  well I give a star for the customer service because there was only one young blond girl that was doing everything,  and the food was just wrong it didn't tasted good I ordered a rock sorry I meant a burger,  it was just solid I was so hungry I had to give it a try and when I went home I got so sick I almost wanted to go to the hospital, this is not a joke the city should look at this place and see what do they feed the ppl
