5	I have been following Stephanie for years from salon to salon, and she landed at Luxe 3 years or so ago.  I met Steph years ago when I got a HORRIBLE dye job and was looking for someone to fix my mop. She looked at me, scared for the both of us and knew exactly what to do. After a few appointments (the previous dye job was THAT bad) she made me look FABULOUS; even better than before! She's so awesome, it's been a love story ever since. If you need a peek, most of my pics are her color and cut work. (The lighter blonde pics)I even sent my boyfriend her way a couple times to get his cut situated. He always looks amazing, but being a boy he's not as interested in driving so far (we live in Laveen) for a 30 min haircut. For me it's cathartic seeing her. I go in a visual and emotional mess and come out a beauty inside and out. Lol. I love her, and love how sweet the front desk girls are.  It doesn't take much to impress me... but I have dealt with rude desk people, creepy hairdressers and dirty salons in the past.  I live in Laveen and drive an hour to get here because she and the salon staff are great. : ) I will always sing Luxe's praises. Just as long as she still has appointment times for me. ; ) P.S. I just came in starving and the front desk ladies offered to go pick up my food if I ordered at Famous Daves next door. THEY ARE SO SWEET!!!
5	Thanks Janelle for an amazing updo four my black tie event. You are awesome! I would definitely recommend Janelle for hairstyles at this salon.
5	My hubby bought a gift certificate here for our anniversary and I am so glad he did! I'm very picky about my blonde and Amy did exactly what I was expecting! Not to mention for a full head of foils she only charged 98$$ as well as a first timer 15% off! Very satisfied with the service definitely will be a regular here with Amy
5	I started going to Luxe Salon & Spa to follow Joanna. I have been getting my haircut by her for about a year now. When she told me she was switching to a new salon I immediately followed. She is amazing! I have never received a bad haircut from her. My friends and family are always commenting on how great my hair cuts look. I have learned from experience that you get what you pay for. I am very picky about my bangs and no one was ever able to get them right, but Joanna does.  She is so sweet. She loves to talk, and goes out of her way to really get to know her clients. Whenever I go in she is always following up with me and remembers our previous conversations. The salon is big and beautiful. It is a very professional environment. It is clean and the girls at the front desk are very welcoming.
