1	Worst customer service EVER! I called to get a quote on cleaning some wood flooring on a rental property. It first started when trying to set an appointment - the person on the other end of the line could not wrap her head around the fact that I would  NOT be personally there - my tenants would be there. Conversation:So you aren't going to be there?No, I am not - this is a rental property.So when you are there...NO, NOT going to be there AGAIN - I will need your tech to contact me with the quote BECAUSE I WON'T BE THERE!Appointment for quote was made for a Friday - called tech on Saturday to inquire about the visit. No call back - waited until Tuesday to call in case there was paperwork involved. Called main number indicated I wanted the quote for the floor cleaning - response-  There is no quote for you - you weren't there to receive it! ARE YOU KIDDING ME? Then girl hangs up on me.Calls back, which was a bonus, but then proceeds to tell me that the tenant refused to let the tech in???????I contact my tenant - they indicate that the tech came by took measurements and was going to contact me for the quote.Called Main number again - they said ---  your quote is in the system.?????????????????????????????????????????????Well not sure how that could of happened since the tenants didn't let him in.Shady - just saying - Shady
1	had a rep out yesterday to give me an estimate on my area rug & runner. Both a wool blend & very expensive. Rep came in w/an attitude - measured both rugs, said "I assume these are synthetic?", (how rude for him to say that without asking me) asked if he could sit down, mumbled under his breath as he was plugging in figures on his calculator, kept asking me if there were any other products I needed since they had this "50% sale going on". The figure he presented me was twice the price as I got 2 years ago - so much for the 50% sale. I told him what I paid for the exact 2 items the previous time, he got all full of himself & said he had to use what numbers he was given & couldn't deviate. Not even knowing who the rep was that came out before, he proceeded to say "he's no longer with the company". Needless to say, I sent him on his way & will NEVER call this company again. They have an attitude that I just can't deal with nor do I need to. There are so many other great companies out there that I'd rather do business with. Oh, one more thing - he drove up into my driveway. No one on a service call should EVER do that!!
3	VERY expensive and really, just mediocre service.  Had to have the tech come to the house twice for tile and grout cleaning.  The first tech did a very poor job and when we contacted Coit about the poor service, the wanted to argue - saying that the tech was one of there most senior employees.  Senior is one thing, compliment is another.  Anyway, long story short, the second tech did a good job but said we may need to have this done every 6 months.  At $1100 (this was with a 40% discount too), I don't think so.  My neighbors across the street had a company come in to do their floors for $147.  WOW!  Was I ripped off?
5	I had the floors in my entire house in Glendale Arizona cleaned. Three bedrooms are carpeted and the rest is tile. The technician was efficient, courteous and totally professional. The results were phenomenal. The carpets came back like new. The tile and grout look terrific. I had similar work done a couple of years ago by another company. Yes, Coit was more expensive, but definitely worth it in my opinion. There was no high pressure sales pitch to purchase more than I wanted. The tech was very responsible when moving any of my furniture or accessories. I definitely recommend this service and will most assuredly use them again.
5	Joe Guy is the best tech ever. I will never use anyone else. He cleans air ducts, carpet, tile and so kuch more. Hes just amazing. Everyone should use him.
