3	I'm usually very skeptical of fast food joints altogether, ESPECIALLY McDonald's. But I was surprised at the huge size and grand design of the building. Lines were orderly, service was quick, and our food was unusually fresh and neat. And as always, cheap as can be.By far the best McDonald's I've been to. There are even TV screens up above that show aquarium video to keep us entertained.
3	Sometimes, you HAVE to have your McDonald's.  Even when you're in the middle of a culinary Mecca.Apparently I'm a sucker for grand openings and press releases blown way out of proportion, because after reading about this new McD's location I made a point to come here during my vacation.Probably the nicest McDonald's I've been to, considering there was an employee constantly cleaning and offering to clear customers' trays.  Educational excerpts from the Discovery, Science, and Travel Channels on various flat screen TVs were a nice touch.We sat in the middle of the restaurant, on bar stools (surprise, surprise...see my Blueberry Hill review) attached to a huge counter...with fresh flowers!  We were surrounded by the typical plastic booths but I did notice that seating areas near the restrooms offered both club chairs (not sure if they were leather or pleather) and a more private booth section.Not much to say about the food since a McNugget here is a McNugget anywhere.  But at least I got my quarterly McD's craving out of the way...
1	Beware! They rip out foreigners.I visited there last monday night and had the worst Vegas experience ever. The story is simple. I parked my car in their lot and had some Subway sandwiches at the next door. And got back to the McDonald's getting some deserts. Just after I left the door. My wife and I got shocked. They towed my car. It happened just in 15 minutes. There's a sign saying, "30 minutes parking for McDonald's customers"  I didn't do anything wrong.At the impound yard, I met other victims from Germany. They're making money attacking travelers from outside US.
3	We went to McDonalds on our way to Circus Circus. I remember eating at a horrible buffet at Circus Circus and didn't want to go there for breakfast.I would avoid this place on the weekends. It was too chaotic we went on a Saturday morning around 11am. We went a second time on a weekday and the lines were more manageable. The workers call your numbers when your order is ready. However, there needs to be a better system. Our number wasn't called and our order was sitting on the counter for 10 minutes.Oh well. Cheap breakfast grub.
4	A nice central McDonald's with ample fountain drink dispensers for the visitors. Be aware of your surroundings here, it attracts a few transient people. The WiFi provided by AT&T sometimes works, just like their cellular reception, so no surprise there. I'm a frequent visitor here to grab drinks & work before visiting hotels. There are quite a few power plugs for laptops inside of the building.
3	Ok ok ok, I know it's only a McDonald's, BUT this one is completely different in decor. It's big, clean, bright and pretty. With tons of flat screens all over the place. Another big plus to this McDonald's is that they've got free Wi-Fi (while most hotels charge ridiculous fees), so if and when you have your laptop you can deal with business while munching on some fries.Even though it's smack dab on the strip, there's plenty of parking too!
4	If you stay at the Riviera Hotel across the street, you are probably going to stop into this McDonald's for it's Wifi.This McDonald's will have long lines late at night for hungry club goers. Sometimes the crazy drunk guests make for some great entertainment as you wait for your order. There will be a sparse amount of homeless, but they don't seem to bother anyone.
1	They are making this the worst Vegas experience towing  $300 dollars for 15 minutes Why instead they don't have someone giving information They're making money attacking travelers
1	My wife and I went to this location after being at Circus Circus at approximately 10pm a Friday night.  It was busy, but not chaotic.You place your order at one end of the counter and pick up at the end of the counter.I ordered a Quarter pounder with cheese combo and asked to make it large.  My wife simply ordered a small drink and a McFlurry.  We specifically told the girl we were eating in.  When our number was called, our food was in a to go bag.  I was also only given one small cup.  When I asked where my large drink cup was, I was informed that the combo which I paid extra for did not include a drink????The lady was wearing a white shirt and spoke very poor English.  When I showed her my receipt where it said I had paid for a large Combo, she told me I was mistaken.  I then proceeded to go back to the cashier who had rung up my order and ask her what had happened.  She informed me that I should have got a Large cup as well as small cup but the lady in the white was her Manager.  I then asked to speak to another manager.  The cashier then waited until the female manager went in the back and a male manager came up, apologized, and gave me my Large cup.  ?????  He agreed that I was correct and that the cashier had rung up our order correctly but could not give me a reason as to why the female manager would not give me a Large cup.
2	Bof ...
1	Like all other McDonald's, the service quality is going down the tubes.  My son was getting a drink at the drink station when an older guy in his 60's was moping the floor and told me son to "move it" in a very mean and rude voice.I went to use the restroom and there was two toilets.  One had a sign on the door that read "Out of service."  The other stall's door would not make a close connection.  I really had to go, but I did not care to have someone walk in on me when I am on the pot.  I tried slamming the door shut, but it would not make a connection.  I told management about it, but they seemed to busy to care of do anything about it.
1	The only reason I came back is because they gave me free food after the fiasco from last night.
1	Beware of this Mcdonalds. You are constantly under surveillance in the parking lot. I parked my car, had breakfast, and then had to go drop something off to a friend. Within 30 min when I got back, they had my car towed. WTF? It's like they are preying on people's cars. It makes you never want to go to this McDonald's again.
3	Approximately, only one register open with 20 drunk people in line. The "pick up here" takes about 15 mins to get your food. The slowest McDonalds I been to. The dinning area isn't as clean. One thing, the restaurant is very trendy and has free wifi. It's right next order to circus circus.. But, your stuck with a bunch of drunk people being very loud and annoying. Be prepare for it! Restroom was very dirty!!
3	Breakfast with a view!There really is only one reason for you to go to a McD's on the strip... you're hungry and/or drunk.As far as McD's go, this is a pretty nice one! Clean and modern with a lot of staff working all the time.This place has one major perk though, you get to watch people misbehaving while they're drunk or on drugs! Seriously, I had a blast!! It started with me arriving while the cops were handcuffing a junkie on the parking lot. The guy was talking to himself and shouting insanely funny random words at people (purple melons anyone?) And that wasn't all! There was a sweet old lady inside (who was definitely schizophrenic) having a lovely conversation with her other selves. And the guy cleaning the mensroom was asleep inside a cubicle with the door open! Loved it!
2	fast,  a little toooo fast
