4	Love this place!  Like the one in Tempe, they also have the newer Coke machines which I LOVE! I was excited to see it since I was able to try it out when I was in Atlanta a couple of years ago, even before they were in any stores or restaurants.  It took me back to being in junior high making a drink with everything on the fountain.  My burger was just as ordered and my fries were fresh and crunchy.  They were friendly and the food came out very fast.
5	Smaller than other Five Guys places but a great burger nonetheless.  I don't remember spending $28 for 2 adults and a child but maybe I'm just not remembering right.  Seemed high but we still enjoyed our meal.If you like Five Guys in general this place doesn't disappoint.  Great staff, great food and I love all the variety of sodas.  If you've never had five guys, their burgers are awesome.  It is super greasy, however.  I personally like In and Out better but my husband like's Five Guys.  I don't usually pick a burger joint when it is my turn to choose where we're going to eat so it has been a while since we've been to an I/O but the husband is extremely happy to have a Five Guys in the area.You should definitely try this place if you are curious.  You can judge for yourself since everybody has a different idea of what a good burger should taste like.  Oh yeah, and they have a variety of toppings you can put in the burger - a definite plus.  The "junior" sizes is PLENTY.  The regular size I think is the same; they  just double the patty.
1	I was so excited to eat here. Until I paid. $25 for 2 burgers and fries and a sodas. It was crazy loud inside so we ate outside. Soda was one step away from flat. My burger looked like it was attack by a spatula then hidden by a soggy bun. My mushy fries were over salted to the point where all I could taste was salt. Not impressed and we will not be returning. In N Out is way better and priced right.
5	These are far and away the best burgers ever!  The meat is never frozen so it just falls apart in your mouth.  I noticed other reviews mentioned the noise, I chalk a lot of that up to the fact that they are always busy and this one in particular just opened.  The next closest one is a 20 minute drive on the freeway, so you can bet people are coming here.I'm not as big a fan of the fries, but the burgers are so good it more than makes up for it.They have one of those fancy soda machines with the touch screens, my wife loves it.
4	Took my wife Andrea and dogs Tucker, Jake and Corndog. Awesome burgers and crispy fries. More people need to try these.
4	LOVE IT!  - We finally have a Five Guys near us so I had waited to try any FG's as we would have one soon.  I was very pleased and glad FG's is now here!  To me the meat wasn't greasy as fresh, not frozen meat which will always be juicier and have more flavor.  The fries are very good, note the "small fry" is plenty for 2+ people!Sure it's not cheap, but when is a quality product?  Regarding the noise, sure it's a bit louder, but with a busy open kitchen, hard flooring/ceiling surfaces this will happen.  Oh, love the Coke Freestyle machines!
2	Not very impressed.  Burger was ok, fries Looked great, but mushyTry Smashburger!!  Sooo much better
4	We've only grabbed it to go which in my opinion is the better option, you don't have a ton of space.  Burgers were delicious, definitely living up to the hype I've heard from others.  Price point isn't too bad and serving sizes are generous.  We have a family of 4 and split 2 orders of fries with plenty left over.  It will probably replace In and Out as our go to burger place near the house.
4	Walk into this place and you know right away its not your average fast food joint.  The peanut bags and shells are everywhere so if you are allergic to peanuts you definitely wouldn't be a fan here.  The serving sizes are not for those wanting to keep calories low.  We ordered the regular size burgers and they were enormous I couldn't even imagine getting their large ones.  The fries are my favorite, the peanut oil makes a huge difference with the taste although they are heavily salted so for me that is just heaven.  They have the new coke machines in here that have multitudes of sugared options ready to trigger the onset diabetes.  Yes folks clearly not a place to stay healthy but a good cheat for week.
4	Definitely get the small burger if you don't want a huge 2 patty burger!  Large fries are enough for 2 or more people and the burgers are pretty good.  Kind of like the ones hot off your grill at home.  Kind of pricey so if you aren't prepared for $20+ for 2 persons then stick with I/O or Freddy's but overall really good.  This place was loud and I even asked to have it turned down and they happily obliged.
4	Kind of small and a little pricey but excellent food! Sends me into a food coma everytime!
4	Mmmm burger + fries...Am a fan of 5 Guys.  Simple menu, good burger, and it's cool how the fries come from potato farms from different regions of the US each week.  It's like I'm a connoisseur of fries.  You can also malt vinegar them!Service is almost always friendly.  It can be hard to get a table and there is a line that often goes out the door if it's anywhere near lunch or dinner.And not at all healthy.  Just uber yum.
2	Met my wife there for lunch on a week day.  We got there right as they opened because they fill up pretty fast.  The music inside was way too loud.  Practically had to shout to have a conservation.  The burgers were ok, you could tell the meat was fresh.  If you like Wendy's burgers you'll like this place.  A bit pricey, over $20 for two burgers, one order of fries, (huge serving, feeds 2), and 2 sodas.  Again burgers aren't bad just not worth the price.
3	Good burgers, great Cajun fries. Love the kaleidoscope variety in their drink dispenser, where you can get any coke product with any variety of flavoring you may crave.  My personal fav, Coke infused strawberry fanta.  Only downside for me, is can't come here with my kids, peanuts are everywhere, not so great for kids with food allergies especially peanuts or nuts.
4	The girls and I enjoyed the burger and fries. My dad said the fries where the best as you can taste the potato instead of oil.
3	First time at Five Guys today on Litchfield Rd.  I was greeted properly by the young lady at the counter which is always a good start.  She asked me if I had eaten there and I told her it was my 1st time, and she politely helped me through the menu options.  Good service for sure.  The burger was delicious, nothing incredibly different, however Five Guys give you options for your toppings and they have them all it seems.  The fries were cooked well- but were too salty in my opinion.  Plus I ordered a large fry, and there were too many too eat!  Not like that's a bad thing, but a medium fry would probably suffice for two people here. Five Guys also has the new soda dispensary system where you can choose on a digital screen what you would like to drink.  I love these things mostly cause you can get any flavor mixed into your lemonade which is fantastic!  Lastly the price.  It wasn't inexpensive.  I paid about $12 for the meal, which for a burger and fries is kind of pricey.  I would return to Five Guys, but mostly for the burger which was the highlight of my meal.  Nothing out of the ordinary, but a solid lunch none the less and I enjoyed my first meal at Five Guys.
5	I was a little nervous the first time I went to Five Guys.  I knew that In and Out takes great precautions in taking food allergies seriously, so they had always been my "go to" place for burgers and fries since cutting gluten from my diet.  Just because a place offers a lettuce wrapped burger doesn't necessarily mean they'll take the precautions necessary to keep cross contamination from happening.  And just because the fries are hand cut doesn't mean they're the only thing that goes into the fryer.The first time I went, I asked the cashier, and manager about a thousand questions.  They were knowledgeable, friendly, and most of all, patient.  The anxiety that comes from dining out for anyone with food allergies is great, but you can't always dine at home.  I have eaten here several times and had no issues with getting sick afterwards.  I would highly recommend them to people with gluten issues.
3	8 people working here right now at 4:30 on a Friday, and one really nice tall black dude took my order and made my burger while everyone else was chatting. Give him a promotion and train everyone else again.AMAZING burger by the way, but figure out what the staff is doing.
5	What is not to love.  An appetizer of peanuts for and then burgers that are fresh and full of good ingredients.  I always share the regular fry with a friend it's just too much for a single person. Love the soda machines!! I look forward to coming back again soon.  Always good service, definitely cannot complain... Prices for 2 to eat the single burger, share a fry, and a drink was $17.. Not cheap..but if you want quality products you're going to pay for it.
1	I've been 5 Guys many times here in metro PHX & other cities. Tonight this particular place had der fries over cooked! Dey were dark brown! I tried asking to make us another patch & I was told the fryer oil is dark. Typical excuse in my book. Not coming bak to this location.
4	Very good experience, burgers are good different experience when ordering but good. Fries are the BEST! All you can eat peanuts good as well. Fries better than in-n-out....
5	You get what you pay for. Very expensive.
1	The fries are the best.  This place just isn't as clean as it used to be, starting to look like a Chinese buffet. They have changed managers a lot since they opened.
3	I'm fairly certain I will get hung out to dry for this rating and review, but I just didn't find it as wow-worthy as so many of my friends have claimed it to be.  Sure, don't get me wrong, their burgers are well-made and tasty.  I liked the simplicity of the joint and couldn't say no to their Coke machine and its magical ways. When asked if I preferred their burgers over Smashburgers or vice versa, I made a decision that Smashburger may take the cake.  Five Guys fries were not that awe inspiring either.  Sure, I'll go again, but will I got out of my way?  Probably not.
4	Awesome food! First thing I did my first time was grab some free peanuts and they were good. All the ingredients are free on your burger. Small piece of advice if it's your first time coming here don't get the large fries. They load the small fries with enough for 2 ppl
4	First time i had five guys it wasnt that great but it was at a different location. This location was  Way better and the fries were better here too. this place gets Five stars but for its inconsistency in a food chain 4 will have to do. It looks like there are inconsistency at this location too due to the recent posts. Maybe its the people working or the way the food is being prepared but something needs to be Fixed to get these stars UP .... I Like this place!!
5	Best place to eat hamburger in Avondale area! This place is always busy but worth the wait!
3	I don't review burger places.. unless if one of those times when I do. I have tried five guys one time, long ago.. and now I did it again. It wasn't my idea, but I did go along with it. 'Nuff excuses.So I ordered a burger. No cheese, no bacon but with grilled onions. Apparently did my selective memory forget that a burger is a double burger. This makes it trickier to eat. Oh, yes it does. Five Guys is an attempt to make fast food burger joint to be a little bit more than a fast food burger joint, without having anything special to back that claim up. Now the burgers here are fine. I do like them, but the cost-increase is not justified. I have heard some people truly rave about this place, but it is the same'ol, same'ol burger place that has developed since the 50'ies. The burgers are good, as they are in many other places. But it's only a burger.. not a magical burger, not a meal-o'meat extraordinaire - just a tasty burger. Nothing more. Other good-tasting-burger-places you can have a good craft beer and a waitress fetching you all your wishes, but at five guys it is only the burger.. the rest is standard chain BS. I do believe they have better meat and condiments than the chain-burger-place, but then again.. I feel I have beaten this horse enough. Good burger. Only. Nothing more. No beer. Sad face. Need a tip? - Have a better burger at a place that serve beer.
3	This place was way overpriced for the food you get.  With the exception of the fries- they did give us a lot of fries, for a medium order. I found them dry, and strongly tasted of potato skin though.    My son ordered the bacon burger, there was no bacon, and the burger was small for the $6 it cost.  My daughter had the grilled cheese with some toppings, they left off the tomato (her favorite part).  Yes, I could have gone up and asked them to correct the order, but they were super busy and it took forever to get our food in the first place.   My husband got the blt.  Nothing special about it. I got the regular single patty burger, just ok.  My family and I agreed that we won't go back.  We actually prefer other fast food burger places that give you more for your money.
5	Wow.... first time here and I'm definitely coming back. I love how I put a lot of toppings on my burger and it did not fall apart. My bacon hamburger was juicy and cooked perfectly. The bun was so soft and not over sized. I love the fresh fries which came with a combo of long n soft and short n crispy. ...I like that. It was all so delicious I can't wait to come back.
4	A lot better than In and Out burgers if you ask me. Gets a little expensive when your ordering for the whole family and adding drinks and fries to that, but totally worth it. Fresh lettuce and tomatoes, quality ingredients is what you're paying for. Plus I love all the different options when choosing your fountain drink.
3	Pricey, but the food is really good.  Order the cajun fries they are awesome.  The service was friendly, but the music was really, really loud.  So loud that you could not talk to the person at your table without yelling.  I would eat here again but would have to wait for the summer to be over to sit outside away from all the loud music.
4	One of the Best Fast Food Burgers Around. Im not typically a burger person.  However, occasionally I get a craving and Five Guys always hits the spot.  Five Guys is a chain burger restaurant but unlike any other.  The burgers at Five Guys are always fresh,hot, and juicy.  The burgers are tender, tasty, and well seasoned. In addition, to great burgers are Five Guys Fries.  Do not order a large order of fries.  The large of fries  is not large it is enormous, it is a lunch bag full of fries.  My nephew, sister and I barely made a dent in them.Five Guys burgers are the closest you will come to burgers you cooked yourself.  Five guys allows you to  customize your burger with cheese, bacon, grilled onions, mushroons, and to many other toppings to name. If customizing your burger isn't enough, you can do the same with your drinks.  Five Guys soda fountain  has every coke product from mello yello to dasani water. You select your base soda and and then add flavors  like cherry, peach, or lime.  So you can customize your drink as much as your burger.    Prices are reasonable, employees are friendly and accommodating,  and the service is quick.
4	Very good burgers, monster bag of fries. Free peanuts and establishment was very clean. Staff friendly. Indoor and outdoor seating. My single complaint...why only one trash bin for the whole place? Please add one outside and by the exit. Definite revisit here!
4	Went to Five Guys for dinner. On our way there, I placed an order on my phone to speed up the process a bit. When we arrived, there were a few people in line. We walked over to the pickup counter and let them know we had placed an online order. They had the ticket and said our food would be ready soon. The guy handed us our cups and we went over to the Coca Cola Freestyle machines to get our drinks. I got the Peach Sprite. Love that combination! Went to use the restroom and then just a couple minutes later our food was ready. The online ordering probably saved us about 5 minutes. I had the Little Cheeseburger (1 patty... if you haven't been here, know that the Regular is 2 patties) with lite ketchup/mustard/pickles (sometimes they overdo the ketchup), and split a regular fry with my boyfriend, which was plenty because they fill up the cup and dump even more fries into the bag. Their fries are so good! Skins on, hot, and crisp on the outside yet soft on the inside. It's what I envision home cooked fries to be like. The burger also reminds me of something I'd want to make at home. The only thing I don't really like about Five Guys is how loud the music is... usually a mix of Classic Rock and Alternative. Also the burgers are $6+ so don't expect a cheap meal, but it'll be worth it!
4	Fresh yummy juicy burgers and crispy fries...  I ordered the small for burger and fries...  LOTs of food.
3	Had dinner at Five Guys this week. I ordered a Little Cheeseburger with ketchup, mustard, and pickles (and regular fries to share). Did not notice until the food came out, but the girl accidentally rang up lettuce instead of pickles. Brought it back up to the counter and they said they'd make me a new one. Got my correct burger and there was a lot of ketchup & mustard on it! Have they always put the condiments on both the top and bottom? I never noticed that before, but it was too much and I wiped some off with my napkin. Not my favorite visit, but it was OK.
2	I have heard many friends rave about Five Guys, so our family decided to give it a try one night.  Down to the nitty-gritty:1. My son loved the peanuts.  I was happy they were available because we waited about 30 mins for our food....super sloooooooooooowwwwwwwwwwww.2.  Burger - not so great.  Okay.  LOVED the toppings and that they were included in the price.  Burger was only so-so.  Menu needs to clarify that if you want a single, order the small burger as the larger burgers are doubles.3.  Fries - Five Guy's fries broke my husband's heart.  They showed such promise, coming out in a nice cup,, very similar to how fries (and poutines) come out at most chip stands in his home province.....and then one bite and you just knew -they were under cooked.  We each had 1 or 2 fries and then had to declare them D.O.A.  4.  Grilled cheese - loved that this option was available, but pretty steep cost for a bun turned inside out with a piece of american cheese.I am giving 2 stars only because I have heard so much good about this restaurant since they came to Goodyear - but we won't be back.
