5	For some reason, I walk into this place, drop more coin than my miserly ass usually likes to, and I have a good time and leave with a good buzz.I'm low key and usually not wearing clothing costing more than $50 (total from head to toe!) and haven't been hassled here.Maybe they just know who I really am - wait then I'd probably get da boot.
4	you walk in and are no longer surrounded by flashy lights and slot dings. it is nice and dim so that all the ashlee simpson look alikes are hot.4 stars for the hipster watching. its like im in SF! 5 stars for the drunken bachelor party in the corner. there were some hot girlies dancin up on each other. whoowheeexpensive drinks, but at this point im expecting it and dont bat an eye.
4	Came here on a Sunday or Monday night after hitting a few places prior. On the surface it looks like a subdued, upmarket lounge, but if you look closer...It is a bit of a surreal scene.  First off everyone is extremely inebriated, in a almost coma like state- in fact some patrons were so pissed they were sleeping in fetal-like positions. People dancing with themselves- it seemed like something out of a David Lynch movie. Management didn't seem to mind either- encouraging some of the most shit faced clientele to have more wine, etc. Sat next to a guy that looked exactly like Eric Stoltz and asked about the happenings in the city. He  couldn't give me a clear answer and was a bit of an asshole. Definitely one of the better bar nights I have had, just an interesting scene.
5	came here before the night became a blur it was pretty spacious inside and wasnt crammed full of people which is nice.
5	I lovelovelove this place. Small, dark lounge in Bellagio that has the feeling of Vegas, without the over-crowdedness of clubs. The music they play is pretty similar to what you would hear in a club anyway, so come here, get a few drinks, and groove! Lots of places to sit, the age of the crowd is all over the place, but everyone is pretty friendly and keeps to themselves, for the most part. A really nice chill place.
4	Caramel is a great little place. It's managed by the Light Group in Vegas. Definitely decorative. If there's special events going on, good luck in grabbing a seat. I actually had a student working there who kept offering me a free bottle on certain nights. They also serve appetizers that are pretty tasty. Overall it's cozy, sociable, and great ambiance. However sometimes they play music a little too loud. I dunno but if I were in a lounge to chill, why would I want to bring sexy back at a 1000 Watts?
5	Caramel is beautiful. Saying "carmel" like "caramel" is weird. Yep, if you pronounce the A, then I'm one of those people who irritates you by not pronouncing it. It's a colloquialism, mmmkay? But, for this bar's name's sake, I say it the way I guess I'm supposed to.Anyhow. Caramel is beautiful. The service has always been excellent. It's a classy joint where you can get away with wearing your cargos and Chuck Taylors and never hear a word about it. And, this place satisfies those rare urges of mine when I want to go to a club, but don't want to deal with the usual club hassles.
4	Caramel is a little room that is in between check in and O at the bellagio. Its right in the middle of the action. I think this is a super cool lounge area of the hotel that you could slip into if you were staying at the hotel. Its really pretty inside with dark wood and nicely lit. I would really give this place like 3.75 stars if I could, but oh well.  There is a middle table if you want to socialize or tables to the side that you can slink into and have a romantic cocktail with your sweetie.
4	Everytime i have gone here it has been perfect.  Drinks are strong, people were cordial and the atmosphere is vegas like.  In a night that consisted of two bars, Jet nightclub, a Hilton spotting (Paris and Nicky), a Jesus Ferguson spotting and late night fatburger on the strip...Caramel is my fondest memory of the night.  Albeit my only memory of the night.  (everything else was captured in pictures or told to me later)
4	This small lounge is a great place to chill and grab drinks if you aren't in the mood for a club.  It's definitely got a sexy vibe with the warm lighting and soft colors.  There are comfy seats and the cocktails are really yummy.  I would recommend it for a girls night out or couples.  And once when I was there, they played Ditty by Paperboy.  Loved it!
4	The Bellagio's hotel lounge does not disappoint.  It is on the small side but yet there is still a lot of room to move around.  The bartenders were quick and the drinks were strong and really, what more can you ask for?  We were in on a Saturday night and it was fairly empty, you could have easily pulled up a couch spot if you wanted to.  The music was pretty standard rap and was rather loud.
4	A nice place to grab a drink with music. Good vibe. No cover, no crazy lines, no wall to wall crowds. A good place to start a night or wrap up a busy one.
5	Fun place to be esp for halloween! :) Great music great bartenders!
3	If you think your mother or Aunts are on a mid-life crisis, you'll probably find them here at Caramel Bar & Lounge.  Unless it was just a convention for wrinkled ladies dressed in young b-girl clothing.  Yes, I'm mean but if I ever get to that age and out trying to re-live my 20's, please shoot me.  I'm sure it isn't like this all the time and maybe it was just last night but I wasn't feeling this at all.  I think it's coz I imagined my mom and her sisters there dressed as such and it didn't sit well with me.  The music was good and there are some seats for people who decide not to get VIP bottle service.  It wasn't hard to get alcohol since there weren't many people there.  I'm just glad it wasn't crowded.  Best part was there was no cover charge.  Well, it's a great spot if you want to take your mom and your Aunts to a lounge.  :)
3	Nice respite from the slots.Caramel is located on the casino floor of the Bellagio, but walled off from the suckers losing all their money.  The size is pretty good.  There's a bar in the middle and a larger bar in the back.  Dimly lit place and a DJ mixes the sounds of the day.  I can't speak to prices as I got my couple of beers for free.  I'd imagine it's similar to the insane Vegas pricing for alcohol, especially inside a major strip casino.  As a local, I don't know if I would seek this place out just to get a drink, because it's easier to go somewhere off the strip.  But if you have friends in town, or want to do something fun but chill on a weekend, go for it.
4	A great place to grab a drink and do some dancing after dinner.  I've been here a couple of times and always have a great time.  The hostesses and waitresses are really nice.  It's not very spacious, but it's a great place to go with your friends...especially if you want to have some fun, but not go to a club.
4	After we had dinner at Fix, our hostess brought us over to Caramel to have a round of drinks.  Lucky us, we had a bottle comp'd to our table and also got a free round of shots from one of the guy's in the table next to us.  Caramel is a really nice place to grab a drink before heading out to really party.  They played a good mix of music - 80's, 90's and Top 40.  The ambiance was pretty dark and chill - we only stayed there long enough to finish our bottle of vodka and leave to The Bank so we could get the party started!!
4	Caramel is a great lounge inside the Bellagio. It is gorgeous inside, and I have to admit, the waitresses and bartenders are SO HOT! My guy friends are always ogling over them and waiting for a chance to talk to them. It' s a pretty upscale place that doesn't get too crowded. Usually the booths are empty, so you can feel free to sit at them until someone comes and gets bottle service.My favorite part of this lounge is the music. I can always hear it from the casino, and they play the best music. It makes me want to dance right then and there! They play some great old school hip hop too that is perfect for those in their 20s and 30s. Watch out for guys handing out buy one get one free drink passes outside the lounge. That is usually extra incentive to get me to go and save $11-$14!
4	I always have a great time at Caramel. Gorgeous place, easy to spend time with friends over drinks here and really enjoy yourself. Very sexy wait staff.
4	Went here for drinks after having dinner at Fix with my girlfriends for my bachelorette party. It was part of the bachelorette package my girlfriends got and boy, was I impressed. Upon entering, you get the feeling of it being a half club/half lounge hangout. There are seats along the edge of the lounge. We were seated quickly by our hostess for the night and was quickly given our bottled service of champagne, grey goose, fruit mixers, strawberries and chocolate. Our glasses were never empty; they were always filled by our wonderful waitress and busboy whom, were very nice! The music was crackin'! Loved it. It really got you all geared up to go to the Bank Club and get your groove on.
3	Nice atmosphere, but nothing to write home about here... it's a small bar that's separated from the rest of the casino.  Sometimes you need that.  Good staff and good selection, though.
3	Heading out for the night and want to get a drink before the craziness begins?  Caramel is a decent choice.  It's definitely nothing to write home about, but it made me happy for one reason;  It was my 3rd night of madness and my priorities were simple....I wanted a seat.  We walked in after dinner and meeting up with a few other girls and immediately were approached by a cocktail waitress and told we could sit at one of their reserved tables.  That was music to my ears (and my tired feet!).  It's a small lounge and the crowd was random, if anything.  Not anywhere worth spending more than 30 minutes but  the music was decent and you can get some really good infused vodka and if you're lucky, a seat.
4	Of the million trips I make to Vegas, I somehow always end here at the end of the night. Maybe it's because of the no cover charge, good music, strong drinks, great company, and chill environment. I am always bound to have a good time here. You do not have to pay bottle service to get a seat. There are a lot of seats here. If you're looking for a low key night in Sin City, stop by Caramel. It's a great alternative to a popular nightclub.
5	Great atmosphere!  The drinks were good and it was a real classy place.  Not too crowded, and not too expensive.  Loved it!
2	Small, probably a good place to get a drink before dinner, but definitely not for a big group. Also, they serve their own Hennessy special, it comes in a chilled glass looking like ginger ale.
5	By far, is one of my favorite places in Vegas. Ever since I discovered this gem, I have yet to make a trip to the 702 without paying a visit.  And like most great finds, it was discovered accidentally. The love affair began 3 years ago as my friends and I left Light (now known as The Bank), in the Bellagio hotel, because it was too crowded. We stumbled upon this great, little place that played amazing music (no house music - yes!), a great crowd (good-looking professionals that don't pull on your arm to talk to you - yes, yes!), and no cover charge or lines to get in (JACKPOT!).  Upon sitting down inside, I turned and notice I was sitting right next to a very-famous MLB athlete. His party had the drinks and champagne flowing all night for our whole section. Needless to say, it was a night to remember.For those who prefer to stay away from the large, crowded clubs of Vegas - yet would still like to get your dance, conversation, & drink on - Caramel is the place for you. Drinks are strong and tasty  - a bit pricey for some people, but, in actuality, average prices for Vegas.  Staff includes doormen, servers, and bartenders that hustle to make sure you're satisfied. Ladies, there is enough space for dancing so that you don't have to get elbowed or felt-up by some questionable men. Gentlemen, there is plenty of seating available, and - shocking - you don't need the scam that is bottle service to actually sit down. Couples, the ambiance at Caramel is sexy and classy...perfect for canoodling - anything more and you'll need to take it to the 5-star rooms down the hall.
4	What's up with not being able to smoke until 9? Other than that, I liked the place. Well-made drinks, excellent service.
4	So I was majoring lamenting about what to do in Vegas as it was just me and my boyfriend, and I have really only been to Vegas in big groups for drunken debauchery.  This loungey bar was a great place, though, for my boyfriend and I to get a casual drink with nice music, a good looking crowd, enough room to sit down, and a noise level that still allowed us to talk.  Really casual door policy, they weren't even paying attention as we walked in, and I never got carded.  It was such a relief coming from Hollywood where you have to beg your way into a place when you come with a guy.DO NOT under any circumstances order water.  My boyfriend did thinking they would give him tap water (silly boy).  The tiny weeny bottled water cost six dollars!  WTF?  My grey goose and tonic cost twelve dollars.  Really ridiculous.
5	Sleek and sexy were the two words that sprang into my head when my  husband and I went to Caramel. We went the night before 4th of July at around midnight and it wasn't very crowded. We sat at the bar, even though there was plenty of seating throughout the space. The interior is dark and well decorated and arranged with a variety of seating options. There was definitely enough room to dance if the mood struck  you. I ordered an expresso martini which was delicious and my husband stuck with beer. The music was spot on, and while it was loud, it wasn't loud enough where we couldn't carry on a conversation.Caramel is a nice alternative when you want a chic, upscale spot to drink without the craziness of the clubs. I will definitely be back my next trip to Vegas.
4	Swanky and cool.  Though not pretentious, as the staff here is so warm and welcoming.  If you are looking for more than just a bar but less than a club, this is the place.  Also, they serve appetizers and light dishes from FIX until 9 pm.  Since they serve food from 5 to 9, there is no smoking during these hours (newish Vegas law).  Look, ma, I wrote something useful!
1	After walking on foot, in my high heels over from Planet Hollywood, we came to Caramel only to discover that at 3 in the morning that they were already closed for the night.  Why advertise that you stay open until 4am if you don't?
4	What can I say - I have been here only twice, and have had an incredibly good time - and incredibly good luck- on both visits. For the first, we were actually lucky enough to be staying IN the Bellagio (do not even ask me how that happened, but it was divine!). We headed down to this tiny bar to check it out, and loved how cozy and plush it was inside. Eventually, an entire bachelor party came in from South Africa and us girls were surrounded by men with accents buying us round after round of drinks. Hooray for Vegas! This second time, I was with a bachelorette party (count = 14 girls). We got in, wrestled up the busy bar and got drinks. While we were standing around gabbing, a guy walked by and dropped his phone, leaving a piece on the ground. Our bride picked it up, handed it to him - and he bought all of us a round of shots! Good fortune. We ended up leaving soon after because we wanted to dance (they were playing some excellent 80s music in here, but there just wasn't enough room to shake it) - but who knows what other fun we could have had at Caramel? Just FYI: this is the kind of place were every single table around the edge is "reserved" - read: pay $200 for a bottle of booze, and it's yours. There's only one community table in the middle that you can stand/sit on tall stools at, and one giant round leather cushion-y thing to sit on for us non-rich folks. So, get there early if you want to sit, and/or be prepared to move on after standing with your drink for a bit. :) The drink prices are pretty steep - I paid $23 pre-tip for a glass of wine and a vodka/tonic - but there's no cover to get in, so that's a big plus.
4	After dancing our sexy booties off at Cleopatra's Barge in Ceasar's my man-friend and I strutted our drunk asses around the Palace and into the Bellagio in search of a night cap. We accidently stumbled upon the Caramel Lounge. It was 3 in the morning and the lounge was very dimly lit with dark corners for dark deeds, poshly decorated, and an after hour mix playing in the background. All in all the perfect ambiance for enhancing a post-party, Sin City experience.The crowd was minimal and my only complaint was the DJ (a girl with a laptop and Itunes playlist) who became a little finger happy with the fast forward button. Would've been nice if she had just set the damn thing on after-party shuffle and left it! Drinks were of normal Vegas fare.
1	Wow.  What a HUGE disappointment.  After reading all the reviews, we were looking forward to spending our last night in Vegas partying here.We left The Bank, which is located nearby, to Caramel with high hopes of a fabulous time.IT.... MUST.... OF.... BEEN... A BAD NIGHT.There were only a few unattractive 40+ sausages aka The Bank rejects.  It was dead inside.  Yelp has never let me down, so I'll be giving this place a second chance in the near future.  One star for no cover.
3	Meh. This place is nothing special. They seemed to just dim the lights, throw in a bunch of lounge chairs and call it the caramel lounge.  I was expecting more after reading reviews and seeing pictures but didn't find anything to be excited about. I would come back again because I'm a fan of lounges, but don't expect anything special.
2	If you walk around in the Bellagio casino, chances are you will be handed a 2 for 1 drink card for Caramel Bar & Lounge.  That happened to us and it's the only reason we went there.  The place is nothing special.  The waitresses were friendly (and wearing next to nothing), the bar was playing popular hip-hop and r&b songs.  The drinks were ok and the food was too.  Beware, the tacos are TINY, about the size of a piece of sushi.  The presentation of the donut dessert is kinda cool, but not much better than anything you could get at Dunkin.
4	LOVED IT! Good music, good (but expensive) drinks. Good place to start the night. Hip looking lounge with some good tunes. What more can you ask for?
1	Did we just get there TOO early or what?I heard good things about this and dragged my friends there after the buffet. It had 1 long table and some smaller ones on the other side. Where's the live music? No one was at the front and when we walked in, there were about half dozen people drinking. No music, no service. Walked in and walked out.
4	I have certain places I hit all the time while in Vegas, and this usually isn't one of them, but we were entertaining my father's step children while they were in town for business and they didn't want to venture to one of my usual spots. I'm flexible. I'm a compromising person, so I opted for Caramel. They attempted to charge us cover while walking through the petite door in the front, and I told them who I knew, all of a sudden the red rope opened, my father was surprised I pulled it off (don't doubt, of course I did, remember I OWN LAS VEGAS), and we walked in.Saddling up the bar for some martini's the place was bumpin' already. My drink came quick, strong, and comped (of course bitches) and so did the rest of my crew. I took a peek at the person's tab next to me though who actually needed to pay and it was, with no surprise, not inexpensive. They threw some dirty bangin' hip hop that night, and even though the bar/lounge/club is really quite small, people were gettin' DOWN. On the tables, on the chairs, it was packed, and they were workin' it. The guy I was dating at the time was latin and he was a dancer. He and I were acting like the world was ending in the middle of the floor and breakin' it down like rockstars. It was fun. The guests we had weren't used to going out in Vegas and kinda just did the white boy rock out in the center of the floor, but whatever, it didn't look like they were with us anyway so I wasn't trippin' too hard.On the right night, Caramel will give you a smaller club atmosphere, pour some mean drinks, and bring in some great dancers. In the Bellagio, which is beautiful, the location is central if you are staying at different hotels on the strip. I'll hit that place up every once and a while, but to be honest it's hard for me to pull myself away from my waterfall, and my beloved pole that I work so well at Tryst.
3	I actually have been wanting to visit Caramel for awhile due to reading the good reviews. After coming here, it was just okay. It's a nice little lounge, with a DJ in the corner. Drinks were overpriced, but hey, it's vegas. But nothing really striked me to think this place was great. The music was cool, but it was just an overly packed little lounge. I probably wouldn't come back since this could be more of a place to grab a few drinks. But even with that, it's a bit too pricey. I don't really want to pay club drink prices at a lounge.
4	Definately, my favorite lounge in Vegas. The crowd ranges from old, young, hip, and square but everyone seems to have a good time. I found it to be good to take a date or go single. Music is pretty good, and the DJ isn't against taking requests. Waitresses are all pretty good looking, friendly, and on the mark. They also have a nice selection of signature martinis flanked by my absolute favorite Cucumber Martini which is way more delicious then it sounds. If you have an hour to kill and don't feel like paying 20 bucks to get into one of Vegas' crazy nightclubs have a drink here.
3	Caramel is a good place for friends to just lounge around and hang out. Once you get in, there's a long bar like table and seats on each side of them. They have one bar and the bartender was crazy fast, he looked like he had been doing it for a few years. Ok.. so here's the breakdown.CONS:1. Too damn dark in there.. You could hardly make out the decor.. I usually bring my mini video cam whenever I go out and couldn't even use it in here.2. Too small.. For a bar in Vegas where a doorman stands in front to enforce a dress code, it's gotta be a bit of a larger venue.. I bet they easily reach maximum capacity on a busy night.3. Girl to Guy ratio.. awful.. Too many fellas in one place.4. Not enough bartenders.. Although the one guy was fast, it wasn't good enough to get to everyone on time. And he gave me the price and never collected my money to give me my change back, so instead of waiting forever, I just left him the money with a tip larger than i wanted to give him. I bet it's a dirty little trick he uses every now and then. Listen up guy, NOT EVERYONE WILL BE AS HONEST AS ME AND LEAVE YOU YOUR MULA!PROS:1. Easy to get into. Aside from the dress code (which almost every swanky bar/club has). They don't hold up the line to make it look more busy.2. NO COVER!! Yes!! A "nice" bar/lounge (I'm not including dive bars) in Las Vegas that's free to get into??3. The music was awesome!! The DJ had some killer hip hop mixes!! He added a little bit of dance, but he was getting creative all night and you could tell he was really working that turntable. It was not typical of any club music you heard. He definitely put his own twist on it.Overall, had a good night. I got lucky because I was with an extremely fun and outgoing group, girls and guys mixed. In fact there were other groups of people just staring in awe or envy because of all the fun we were having. But I can really see this place being good or bad depending on what night you go. So it's 50/50 here. Enter at your own risk!
1	I think it's rare that I give a one star review because I always try to be the optimistic patron. Granted. However, my/our experience at Caramel was right up there with HORRIBLE.  A friend who is a local recommended this place since it's more of a lounge scene and not an obnoxious nightclub.  We were a group of 5, walked in on a Sun. night around 11pm, some top 40 hit was being mixed loudly overhead.  Proceeded to the bar, my friend asked the bartender if he could recommend any specialty drinks with bourbon or whiskey. Two things - 1. Yes, she knows that these are not typical alkies to mix but we did just read a FULL article (with pics and recipes !) in the LV magazine about bartenders and their creative elixirs using whiskey and bourbon and 2. Most exotic concoctions are made with vodka but she reacts how I do on tequila - BAD, BAD, BAAAD news.His response ? Rolled his eyes, got on his high and mighty hat and said "people who drink whiskey and bourbon don't mix them with anything" Really !?! Because last time I checked, when I'm paying close to $20 f*(*ing dollars for a drink I don't think I asked for judgment from a Las Vegas bartender.  So, while my friend tried to ignore his arrogance and decide on a drink, we ordered for the 3 people who were ready.  After he made the drinks he said he HAD to close out the tab on the 3 drinks, to which we said we still needed 2 more and he just said "well, I HAVE to close out the tab while you guys decide." Gee, I must be the idiot that thought bars make their money off drinks and not forcing people the close out when they're not ready.  I've actually never had this happen before.Maybe my illustration didn't fully justify how RUDE AND ARROGANT he was but we were completely disgusted.  If we are going to pay $80 for 5 drinks I'd appreciate at least a basic level of courtesy, esp. from an a$$ho&e bartender who works for tips.
4	The problem with Vegas is that you go to bed and wake up so late you have breakfast at noon, lunch at 5 pm and dinner at 10. This means that when 5:30 rolled around and Nick and I were playing Black Jack at the Bellagio, my stomach said it was time to eat. (Yes, we do a lot of gambling in Vegas. That's what we're there for.) After looking at all the options near us we went with Caramel for one reason and one reason only. Their menu said "fried mac and cheese."Being the mac and cheese connoisseur that I am I had to try it. Now, all of the fried mac I've had before comes in these little triangles. Well, here they make it in a large, thick stick-like thing. And they serve it with some sort of cheesey sauce that may or may not be illegal in other states.Beyond this heavenly eating experience we also had some damn good Kobe sliders, fries and a Caesar salad. To top it all off I had a drink called Strawberry Shortcake that was the dangerous variety where they taste so good you drink 4 and find yourself unable to see clearly unless you close one eye.Since this is technically a club they only serve food from 5 until 9, but I believe Fix in the Bellagio has all of these things on their menu, as that is the actual restaurant. They also have a strictly enforced dress code starting at 9. They almost didn't let Coach in at 5 because he was wearing flip-flops, even though he had a collared shirt.
3	My sisters and I came here after we gave up waiting for The Bank over winter break.From what I remember it was a nice place to chill. If you're looking for a big night out, go elsewhere I guess, as this is a small, small lounge (you can see clear across the room from any corner). But it was nicely packed and all the people in there looked like they were having a good time. The crowd was certainly much more approachable that the one in line for the Bank if that means anything to you :PDrinks are expensive ($90 for six drinks) and just okay (not very strong). Music is okay and even if you wanted to sway your body there's very little room to do it. Check it out if you're waiting for someone to finish gambling or if you're getting ready to go somwhere else.
5	Love this place! The first time I went to Caramel was this past trip to Vegas last week, and I don't know what took me so long to go!The bartenders were really nice and talkative, and the drink selections are great. I had their Oreo Martini, a very fun drink. I didn't have any food, but the menu selection looks very good. They serve food until 9pm each night. It is a nice small lounge, with a great atmosphere, and a great place to chill. Definetly a place to keep coming back to!
2	I went to Caramel because I heard that it was great. It was a nice, simple, very small lounge. I was surprised at how small it was. I had the Oreo martini, which cost $20. I could care less about drink prices, and don't mind paying a lot for drinks in Vegas, but $20 was a bit much for a so-so martini with Oreo crumbs at the bottom. Or possibly Hydrox - who knows?Love the Bellagio, not wild about Caramel. Take the ten steps to the Sports Bar, put $20 in the video poker machine and get a free martini instead. The bartenders were much friendlier at the sports bar, too.
3	Cozy, caramel colored themed lounge. Good place to get a drink or two with some friends. Music and drinks were pretty good. There was no cover for us and we got 2 for 1 drinks that night. We were all clubbed out from the 3 previous days and wanted to just relax and mingle with drinks. We decided on Caramel because we happened to be at the Bellagio. We ordered numerous drinks and got a nice buzz, hung out, danced and just talked about the Las Vegas trip. Too bad for me we left at 3 AM because I went to the poker room right after and lost a $1200 pot! LOL! I can see myself coming back if I'm around. I think Blush is a nicer lounge though.
3	Cool place but there was one snobby blonde bartender who was totally just flat out ignoring the people next to us.  We decided to order for them because she would just not even acknowledge them.  I actually called her out on it and she gave me attitude, too bad she has such a terrible life that she has to let it show at work.  Other than that, the music is great, ambience is fun but laid back.  Small place but it's not too packed.
1	"What a Disgrace to the Service Industry"So I recently got married in Las Vegas and had a wonderful time.  Ceremony at the Venetian, dinner for 32 people at a restaurant overlooking the fountains in Bellagio (Fantastic) and then tried to find a place to go for drinks after dinner.  Caramel was suggested since it was nearby.  What a mistake!!!!  We strolled in around 9 PM and it was nearly empty although to sit at any of the empty tables, we would have had to order bottle service.  We were told the tables were also reserved for 11:30 PM that night so we couldn't sit there unless we order bottled service and then would have to leave by 11:30.  We were alright with that idea so sat down at one of the tables.  All of a sudden, the server came up and said in a snarky voice "You can't sit there".  This was the same guy that said we could sit there if we order bottle service and left by 11:30.  Still, we decided to stay and did manage to find a table where some of us could sit and the rest were just standing.  The service from there just kept getting worse.  You better know what to order because if you are unsure and can't order immediately, the server will get upset and stick their nose up at you (with a little phhhh) no joke.  I suppose she was in a hurry to serve the empty "reserved" tables around us.  We also asked if they could play 1 song for a first dance (even offered $$ to play it) and were pretty much ignored and finally laughed at.  We had a quick drink and wanted to get out so asked for the bill.  Half an hour later it finally came (guess it would take that long since there were only 3 servers and there was now a huge crowd of 20 other people in the lounge) and we bolted out of this horrible place.  For a group of more than 20 people, dressed to the nines after our wedding we were disgusted with how we were treated.  We were ready to spend a lot of money and ended up taking our business elsewhere.  Thanks for a wonderful memory on our special day.p.s. The "reserved" tables sat empty the entire time we were there (around 1 hour).  Glad they didn't let us get the bottle service even though we were going to when we first arrived (at approx $400/bottle no less).  p.p.s. I would have rated 0 stars, but it wasn't possible.
4	So I received a coupon while walking around the strip somewhere and hey after sorting all the call girl porn do me for 25 bucks base ball card stack I said "hey lets go to the caramel lounge, and I have a coupon". Place was very nice, music was good which was very surprising. kudos to Nicole (who later mailed a thank you card for stopping by the lounge) for wearing those heels all night! Her service was great, the drinks were good and of course a loud bride walked in every now and then...but overall I would defiantly go back!   TIP: Hey I know there is always someone passing out some kind of card (s) in the hotels or strip, you never know it could be! maybe a possible  buy one get one free drink! or continue to be cheap and play the nickel machines for 2 hours and wait for an old peg bundy casino chick to give you a watered down drink!
5	Went here on Halloween when it was "Scaramel". Met the general manager Nick that night-- what a great guy! The bar is very relaxed and fun without being pretentious or clubby.
1	A group of us checked into this place this past Friday night. We were staying at the bellagio and thought we wanted a loungey place to hang out for the night as opposed to a club. We walked by Caramel, it looked nice enough, so we entered the place. Let me just start out by saying, I love lounges with plush-modern furniture. This place had that, but that's all it had. The staff was pretentious and made us feel really uncomfortable. Instead of the energy screaming welcome, sit down and have a drink. It was more like, order, tip and get out. First, I could not believe the prices. $10 beers and $15 cocktails Yes, I know we were at the Bellagio, but geez...really? This is Las Vegas, not Manhattan or San Francisco. Second, the bouncer carded my 55 year old step-dad and when he said his ID was in the room, security wouldn't let him in. I understand that in the abundance of caution, you have a policy that you card everyone, but shouldn't management give their staff just a little bit of flexibility to use some common sense. "Hmmm, man with bald head and a gray mustache....who's old enough to be your dad, why not let this guy in??!?" Finally, the real reason I felt it necessary to give this place just one star (as opposed to two) besides everything I've already said. After our first round of drinks, we asked for some water. So, that we could hydrate for the next round. The place would not give us water - period. Unless, we shelled out $5 a bottle per person!! Insane. No other lounge in the Bellagio has this policy. So, to make a long story somewhat short. We asked for a cup of ice, sucked that down and walked out . We went across the casino to another lounge and got our second, third and fourth round of drinks with cups of water each time. It's the principal.
3	This place is small, but it doesn't appear to ever be crowded, and the small crowd that was there seemed to turn over frequently.  The music was decent and the service was good.  If you have a large group and are looking for a place without a large crowd, this might be the place.
4	I went here yesterday for a special event open to the public. It was an art show, I didn't know the artist, but I was invited by a couple of friends. It was really bright when I first entered, but after the show was over it went to a very dim room, similar to that of Downtown Cocktail Room. Plenty of nice couches and one long table in the center, lit up red to reflect the color on to any drink sitting on the table. There is a decent size bar with nice almost ottoman like bar stools. They have a pricey drink menu, specialty drinks at $16.00's and bottles at hundreds of dollars. Also there are some food items such as lobster tacos for $21.00 and a bottle of Evian water a whopping $8.00. I ordered two specialty drinks and so did my friend. We both had the Passion Fruit Mojito, which is a classic mojito with passion fruit which gives it a unique taste. Then I had a Cucumber Essence which contains cucumber of course, and I can't remember the other ingredients, but there were two slices of cucumber in the glass. Then my friend had a Carameltini, which was green and I thought that was my cucumber drink, but no it wasn't. The dj was playing some great pop songs and overall it was a nice, chill environment. I recommend bringing a lot of money with you if you plan to visit, even a budweiser is $9.00. Well worth at least one stop.
3	Caramel is strictly a LOUNGE. Don't let their booming top 40's music let you think of it as anything else.This is a nice place to relax and mingle for people in their late 20's and older. Other patrons need not bother coming by.As sophisticated as this place may look, it does boom loud hip-hop and pop beats, but the dominant vibe in this place is "sit down, talk, and sip." These two mixed messages made for a night of being too young, too drunk, and being the only people on the "dancefloor." Boo.If you're looking to have a nice chat and a couple of cocktails with a date or small group of friends, this place is lovely. If you want to have a more dynamic, dance-filled experience, do not go here.
3	Stopped into Caramel at 7pm and had a nice enough couple of drinks. Its small, very small so when I went past later that night I can only imagine how different it was. A pretty cool place for a cocktail or two before you head out for the evening.
5	Caramel is really my kind of place. I don't really care to club, but lounges I'll do anytime. Its a very quaint space but its perfect if you just to chill and wind down. i went on a Friday night and he DJ was really good. He did a good job of accommodating the entire crowd so everyone seemed to be enjoying themselves. The menu seemed reasonable and the service was good. I'll be visiting Caramel again.
3	Nice atmosphere but very very small! You get to know every face after being there for 5 minutes because it is so tiny!
3	Not bad for a lounge. This place is all dark and seemingly sophisticated and lounge-like. The booming music is a bit deceptive and made me want to dance a bit in my seat, but it's not a club, so that might not have been well received.  Like any other lounge on the strip, the drinks are pricey, but there were people passing out 2 for 1 drink cards all day (we went on a Saturday). It was a good first stop and I'd probably go back if I'm in Vegas again and can't figure out where I feel like going.
4	Went to Caramel for my friend's birthday celebration. We didn't feel like waiting for our boyfriends to get into The Bank nor did they want to pay the cover, so we decided to go to Caramel.Not very crowded for a Saturday night after 11. No line or cover. My friends had a bunch of the 2 for 1 coupons, drinks still uber expensive, but what do you expect for a lounge on the strip, let alone at the Bellagio. Well drinks were about $12 and beers about $10. Not too bad, there were 5 of us and with 3 of the coupons, drinks came out to about $50 not including tip. It would've been probably almost $100 without it. (Not my cup o' tea!) I didn't care for the music, but my friends and I were pretty buss and dancing anyway. Not sure why we didn't sit down but we just hung out by the bar all night. I'm not one to hang out on the strip but once in a great while, I'll venture out there for good reason. Pretty chill/cool place overall, and if we had those coupon things again, I'd go again.
3	went here on a Weds night back in July. Had a passion fruit mojito, while the boys had caramel-tini & jack & cokes or something, bill came out to be a little more than $50 for 4 drinks.We were contemplating where to sit, but were directed by the friendly staff that we could sit anywhere without a "reserved" sign. Cool place to chill, but didn't know if we could get rowdy or buzzed off $14+/drink so headed out elsewhere.
2	-Expensive drinks (but, it's Vegas, what do you expect?)-No dancefloor-Many lounge chairs & tables-Mostly the latest hip-hop, R&B music-Free admissionI went here with my friend on a Sunday night. I'd estimate the age-range was 27+, to about 40's. The music was very danceable, however, without a dancefloor, maybe it wasn't so danceable afterall. My friend and I danced in a small space, but felt out of place since we were the only ones. Caramel is a bar very much more for lounging since it's not so grand. There's lounge chairs, sofas and tables all along the walls for schmoozing. I ordered a cosmopolitan, $15, nothing extraordinary. I say order a drink with more alcohol content to get your money's worth. I'll return here on a night in Vegas when I don't want to spend too much money & want to listen to top 40's hits.
4	Had a great time here.  Very low-key, intimate and great R&B 90s hits.  Some would argue there was no dance floor, but we danced some salsa and no one seemed to mind.  Drinks are average Vegas prices.  Here, jack and coke.  In retrospect, I would have a Balvanie neat.
3	This is a good place for a smaller lounge vibe.  Decent DJ, some stools, so the girls can sit and rest their feet.  Some of the people in our party were smoking, and the staff was wonderful about cleaning out the ashtrays regularly.  After a night here standing with a bunch of smokers, I did not smell like smoke, and that's a testament to the Vegas ventilation and the staff's quick work.For someone's first trip to Vegas, this would be a good starter club if you're scared of places where the bouncers only pick the pretty people.  It would also be a good place to go if you were too partied out from the previous day/night to go to a major club.
5	Caramel is one of the best Ultra Lounges in Vegas.  The martinis will knock you on your ass but you will also pay out of the ass.  Drinks are pricey but well worth it.  If it's early in the day you can stop by for a quick cocktail but as the night progresses the lounge gets hotter.  It turns into a low-key club.  If you are looking for a chic place to hang out with friends without paying a $30 cover go here.  The Bellagio is spectacular and Caramel is a great added touch.
4	I came here just before walking over to The Bank and they definitely got me excited for partying all night with their great music selection.. The staff is incredibly friendly and took great care of me and my girlfriends.. After a free round of drinks we were escorted to the club and waited in line for only 5 seconds! Record breaking.. The only con about this bar is probably the size of it.. The drinks tasted great but the venue is definitely one of the smallest I've been in.. Great for a lounge if you're into intimate settings but I'm all about the party and prefer to be in a larger space with more of a crowd.. I gotta give it up to Moody and Brady for the great service though! Thanks for everything guys [:
4	This is based on my 5-minute visit. Yes, 5 MINUTES. We met a promoter who walked us into Caramel and gave us each a free drink pass. We were headed to The Bank, but decided to take advantage of his offer. Bartender made our drinks fast, I chugged fast, and that was it. Exciting, right?!?
4	Located inside of Bellagio so of course this is not a jeans and t-shirt place.  It is classy and small.  They do need to do more things to bring more of a crowd in, besides their usual herding of the women with free drinks at night, hoping to draw the men in.  Usually, when you do go and have a drink there or two, they will give you a free entrance bracelet to the nightclub The Bank.All in all, it is a great cozy place to go to, when you want to meet your friends for a drink and chat, before you head out to a loud, noisy bar/club and won't be able to hear what anyone has to say.
2	If you're ever up a few grand at the tables at Bellagio and feel obligated to give that money right back to the house by paying $500 per bottle for alcohol, then this is your place. Short of those circumstances, I wouldn't recommend it to anybody.Some friends and I wandered into this lounge - looking for a place to relax, have a few drinks, and catch up. It was nearly empty at the time (probably around 10PM on a Monday night). The staff was friendly enough while we were the only ones there. But roughly 1 hour (and 3 rounds) later, as the place began to fill up, it was a different story. Suddenly ordering single drinks - and god forbid 1 bottle of water - wasn't enough to compete for the waitresses attention.The drinks aren't cheap, which is fine and what you would expect, given the location. But you'd also expect the service to be a lot better - and to not have to get up and track your waitress down when you wanted to order something. Like I said earlier, if you're not willing to spend a grand or two on bottle service, skip this place. The final straw was the manager offering us a round of drinks in return for the table that we were sitting at.I'll give a 2nd star because the service was decent for the first hour or so, and I had a great time with my friends despite this place's shortcomings.
1	Two crappy drinks. How can you mess up a martini or manhattan? They did both! And then I wanted to get water for a friend and they don't serve tap water, only Fiji.
1	We found a bottle cap in our drink, waitress apologized and said manager would come...guess what after 30 minutes no one.  Its obvious they don't care about their clients or cleanliness.  Would never come back.  Be careful next time someone may find a finger in their drink.
3	We came here because the club "The Bank" wasn't opened yet. I got a glass of champagne that was decent price and chilled there for a bit. It was dark and crowded. Loud music was playing, but forgot what kind. Nice lounge bar to just chill.
3	I would gladly give this place another star, but I just can't bring myself. The drinks here are delicious, just to die for. I usually never drink the sweet cocktails, a simple martini is all I need, but it was my hubby's first time here, so we decided to try what they had to offer. I can't remember the name, but it had caramel in it and it was fantastic.However, after a few drinks, Frank ordered a beer, Guinness to be exact, and since they did not serve it on tap, he settled for a bottle. When the bill came, my jaw dropped. I expect to pay $15 or even more for some cocktails here. After all this is the Bellagio. But to charge $11 for a bottle of Guinness? I was flabbergasted. Shame, 'cause I really liked that place.
4	Nice lounge but it really can get packed at times. The whole setting of the lounge is beautiful. I went there to celebrate my girls 21st and if your tired of the club scene this is the place to go. The drinks are a little on the pricey side but it's Vegas! But the drinks are made well enough to keep you coming back for more. All in all cool spot if your looking to kick back and enjoy some drinks with no cover charge.
1	The vibe is nice, the music is good, the atmosphere chill. BUT I do have a problem when I'm the only female at the bar and in order to even be acknowledged I have to wave around my $100 bill= I don't like it one bit!! And I'm honestly pretty attractive so I was extra pissed at this bc it would've never happened back home in Chicago. P.S the drinks are wayyyy overpriced...honestly you're better off getting tipsy at the bar RIGHT outside the entrance then walking in to chill and listen to music, but that's just a thought
4	Nothing to write home about, but when the girls were tired of watching the boys gamble...we had a good time in here!!  It was nice in there, there were chairs to sit on, it was not over crowded or too loud.  Good time!!
2	This is a nice little place in the Bellagio--which I wouldn't have stopped in had I not gotten a 2 for 1 drink coupon from a pretty girl out front of the casino. It's quite dark in here--to where you almost cannot see the menu. It's nice to find a place to sit and relax and have a drink in Vegas! The furniture is modern, complete with some awkward quilted round 'table' in the center of the room and little skinny hard chairs that sat higher than the table. One thing that struck me was the attitude from the waitress when we ordered a shot of Patron and a glass of water...to which she responded "um, we don't serve TAP water.'  Fine and dandy, until we get the half pint bottle of Fiji that cost $5. I understand it's Vegas, but $10 for a Blue Moon? In a bottle, even, with no glass offered.  That's really difficult for this Missouri girl to handle, considering I can buy a six pack for $7 and drink it barefoot. :) We had to ask for the tab with the bartender because once the cocktail waitresses took our order, they completely disappeared. Be forwarned...sometimes a two for one drink coupon doesn't mean you'll come out ahead!
3	We are in Vegas. We expect a bit more. It's normal right? Everything in Vegas is done in grand and sophistication. We wonder what's wrong with this place because it's so small. Nothing really stands out in the place.I think I'd give this place a better rating if they don't pretend to be a private lounge in the middle of the casino. It's just a bar with about 6 or 7 tables. The host was trying to persuade us into buying a table with $300 worth of drinks but we refused. He let us have the table anyway because it was not packed that night. How nice of him.
3	Bottles are marked up to the extreme, but what do you expect (it's Vegas)? Got the 2-for-1 deal from one of the promoters and the drinks were phenomenal. No dancefloor, but no biggy. There were only a couple of groups when we went on a Sunday night. Bartender was nice and music was good. Would come back again.
1	Feeling frivolous? CB&L is for YOU!  My girlfriends and I were in dire need of some appetizers, and we happened to stumble past Caramel Bar & Lounge (and by stumble I don't mean in a drunken stupor, we weren't at that phase yet). So, we said hello to the host standing outside of the lounge as we read the appetizer list. Sounds good to us! So we walk in and get seated.  Nice place!  Total lounge feel, great ambiance.  That is, until our experience turned sour.We asked for a couple items off their appetizer list and some water for two of us. We were then told that they aren't serving food as it was 9:17, just minutes after they stop cooking. Bummer.  How about removing the appetizer list placed outside that draws in the crowd?  So we disappointingly said water is fine, while we make our drink selection.  The waitress, who looked underaged and under-experienced, arrives back with two 11 oz bottles of Fiji water for each of us.  We then order our alcohol beverages - 2 vodka/redbulls and one jack/coke.  Check is given.... wait for it... waiiiiiit for it.... $71.00.  Whoa!  Really? We questioned it and assumed it had to be an error.  So the waitress checks on it and comes back to confirm it is in fact correct, that the waters were each $10 and the drinks averaged $18 a piece.   Wow. I might sound cheap, but $10 for a bottle that small should come with a happy ending of some sort.  I finished the water pretty quickly... in a gulp practically, since there wasn't much to begin with.  My girlfriend had hers down about 75%  while she sipped on her alcohol.  Suddenly one of the staff members picks it up from the table and threw her water bottle away, without asking if she was finished!!  He just threw away dollars that we had spent! We told him his error, he apologized and talked to his manager about getting a new one.So 5 minutes later the waitress comes by with a BELLAGIO bottle of water that looked like it was meant for a 2 year old.  You know, what comes out of their faucets probably.  At this point we're thinking:A) If Fiji isn't worth $10, neither is your faucet waterB) If you had Bellagio water, why didn't you bring THAT the first time?!Explaining that we weren't going to accept a substitute for water that they had thrown away at our expense,  she gets her manager who comes by, drops off a new bottle of Fiji water without saying a word and just leaves. No apology, nothing! How the HECK do you get in management being a complete d*** like that?! Please tell me, because if I treated my customers that way, I would have been fired yesterday!Almost hate to say it, but a tip wasn't left at this place. I hope she got commission off of scandalously selling water for an absurd price.  I know it's Vegas, but that shouldn't sacrifice good service and informing your customers of their options.Save your money and go elsewhere.  This place lures you in and then rips you off completely.
3	It's a lounge. They serve alcohol. They play music. Simple.Nothing to compliment it on. And nothing to complain about. Average.Great for older people, I guess.
4	Ambiance is pleasant. Been here twice and there has never been too many people. If your looking for a nice pre-game spot then this will definitely do.
3	My girlfriend and I wanted a glass of champagne.  We stumbled upon Carmel walking through the Bellagio.  Nice atmosphere, small, intimate, good music, great champagne.
3	Nice place to come pre-game. Don't know that I'd want to spend the whole night there. Unless you really like laid back lounge. It's really a small place. All the servers were nice, they gave out free shots.
3	We came here to see the Jones vs Rampage UFC Fight on a Saturday night.  I had called earlier to see what the cover was, and they said $40; when we got there however, we learned that wasn't the entire picture.  What it really was:$40/person = standing only$75/person minimum = a barstool$250/minimum = a table (I guess however many you can cram in at your table)Since it was only the 3 of us, we figured we'd spend $75/person on drinks and food anyway, so we chose that.  But it would've been nice to have been given the entire picture on the phone when I called.The place was practically dead when we got there at 7-ish (doors opened at 5, fights started at 6).  There were a couple people at a table, a couple at the bar, and a few at the long table in the middle of the place that had seating on either side.  TVs of varying sizes were all over the place, and visible from every angle of the room.We were immediately waited on, so we placed our drink orders.  When those came, we added some food:Yellowtail Sashimi ($19) - 5 impossibly thin slices of fish, topped with a slice of jalapeno, a leaf of cilantro, and ponzu.  The jalapeno was way too spicy for this tiny fish portion, so it completely overpowered the dish.  And the fish portion was way too tiny for the price!  Meh.Fried Calamari ($19) - a basket of lightly battered and fried hot rings, with wedges of lime, and a sweet chili sauce for dipping.  This was better than the sashimi experience - the calamari was perfectly cooked, and yum in the dipping sauce.Bobby Baldwin Burgers ($28) - this trio of mini sliders was the best thing!  Mini brioche buns with thick mini medium rare patties, topped with cheddar, grilled onions, and a pickle slice, served with a cone of parsley-tossed fries, and a darling little jar of ketchup plus mini spoon.  Had this been the first thing that we ordered, we'd have gotten more.  The price was a little high, but it was yum!Even as the main event started, the place was barely half full.  Several people came in just to see Jones vs Rampage and stood, so I'm assuming they paid $40/person for about 15 minutes' viewing time/standing space.  A little crazy, if you ask me!The fights went fast tonight, so we ended up staying here for only a couple of hours, and yes we easily spent the required $75/person.  The ambience was low key, so I'd come back here again - but only if the cover and minimum were lower.
3	This place is soooooooo small & cramped. I swear it's like the size of my room, not exagerrating at all. Calling it a lounge was just sad, especially when it looked like they were trying to cram as many people in there.Old men hit on me, me no likey. At ALL =[The bartenders were super rude. NO TIP for them.They had 2 bartenders for a Saturday night working the bar & making the orders for the waitresses. Grrrr, took 30 mins to get drinks so we double-fisted since we didn't want to wait another 30 mins to get more drinks.When I come back to Vegas, you will not find me here.
