3	I've been here a few times with the extended family and friends. I think we always choose Bar Roma because it is very family-friendly and have a quick and easy menu. The food comes out within 15-20 minutes and is really tasty - if maybe a tiny bitty bland. I always have spaghetti Carbonara here and it is one of the better ones. Whenever I order carbonara I always leave about half of it on my plate, but they have the perfect balance here.The staff are great too, the kids always love them and they have a great sense of humour. Overall, it's a brilliant place to go with big groups and families!
3	Bar Roma seems to be a safe bet - its the default Italian restaurant for when a last minute decision about a meal has been made and everywhere else is booked.There is an extensive menu, comprising of all the Itallian meals you could ever think of, and once you've ordered, food is often on your table within 15 minutes. The food is good - if sometimes on the bland and a bit on the boring side.The atmosphere is cozy and welcoming, the staff are very friendly, and great with younger childern. It's the type of place where one after meal coffee can turn into 3 latte's and a long conversation.It's a nice place, if a bit of a back-up plan, rather than a wow-factor type of place.
4	Not been here for quite a bit now, but I used to come quite regularly with my family for a tasty if unimaginative Italian meal. The staff have that classic mix of greasiness and friendliness you'd expect, the food is probably edging towards the better end of the pizza / pasta spectrum with a few more interesting options thrown in.It still doesn't change the fact that you can make equally as tasty food with a jar of Dolmio at home, for about a tenth of the price.
3	Good, but certainly not great food (let down by ingredients rather than cooking I think). A genial and relaxed atmosphere but on the chintzier side of decor!
3	Service was good but was not welcoming. This is most likely because the server carry around handheld electronic devices and punch your order into the device as you speak. We stopped in on a Thursday night for dinner and the restaurant was about 30% full. They seated all patrons on the left side of the restaurant, so the entire middle and right side of the restaurant was empty. It was odd and again, not all that welcoming. I've never see anything like this in my life.We ordered the bread and butter starter. They did not provide enough butter and the bread was somewhat dry, as in, it was baked much earlier in the day and was quickly losing its life to the battle of time. I ordered the rigatoni and it had plenty of sauce and was tasty. My husband ordered the spaghetti carbonara and he said that it was alright, not the best he had ever tasted.Overall, I think I'd rather go to Zizzi's next door. Better atmosphere and food.Dress code is mixed. Some were dressed in suits and dresses and other were dressed in jeans and sweaters. Either works at this restaurant.Oh, and the lighting in the restaurant was blindingly bright. They need to tone that done, so much so that I have considered emailing them and suggesting it.
3	Yes, the current Yelp combined verdict of 3.5 stars is just about right. Bar Roma is a slick operation. Rarely have I visited a place where service runs so smoothly. This is a slight good news/bad news scenario, of course. You don't get much innovation, but what you do get is reliable Italian fare. It's a very good place for large group dining, particularly if what you're looking for is sustenance to fuel a long evening.Overall, we said: "I felt that Bar Roma was a smooth operation. Their approach was well rehearsed, slickly enacted, and crowd pleasing. I found their greeter's suggestion that happy customers should transfer their parting smiles and thank yous into kind words on Trip Advisor, equal parts enterprising and ghastly. Their appreciation that "diner power" has a considerable impact is sound, but I'm not sure such brazen tactics are quite the way to go."
4	I've be coming here quite regularly for the past four or five years and I love it.When it's busy it has a really good buzz. The staff are friendly and normally quite efficient although I have had to ask for the bill more than once on a few occasions. It can be a bit awkward for lunch during the week when it's much quieter as the room is rather large but the food is consistently good, which I think is partly due to their abridged menu for these quieter times. I am particularly fond of their pizza. Having spent a lot of time in Italy and eating a lot of pizza there, I am quite fussy, however their base is not too soft and they use good quality mozzarella so it keeps me happy. I would perhaps even go as far as saying it is the best pizza I have had in Edinburgh.Between me and my fiance we have sampled quite a few of their pasta dishes, his favourite being spaghetti with seafood. We do both have a small issue with them putting onion in their ammatriciana sauce though. I know it's a personal choice thing, with onion and without onion are both served in Rome, but it was too crunchy, not cooked enough.Normally when I go I eat so much for starter and main that I rarely have room for desert but once or twice I have ordered the tartufo (chocolate and vanilla ice-cream in a bombe with cocoa and nuts) which is especially nice if you ask them to pour an espresso over it for you!Overall, I really like this place. Good value for money, good quality food, clean toilets. Just don't be in a hurry to leave afterwards, or ask for the bill a bit before you're ready for it.
