5	I've hired Don for several of my home improvement projects. He has always arrived on-time and the price charged is what he estimated. Don and his business partner, Bryan, work as a great team and it's obvious they have worked together for quite a while. Don has also been nice enough to provide me with some referrals for projects not in his scope of work so I appreciate his willingness to help me out even when it's not direct business for him.  I felt more like a family member rather than just a customer for Don and I appreciated how personable and friendly he was. Thanks guys!
5	Recently, we needed some repair work done on the exit door in our garage. We called four contractors to get bids; Don responded first and scheduled an appointment the next day. He came on time and submitted a written estimate that same day. The work was completed in a timely way, and at exactly the price estimated. Work was outstanding in quality. We would use them again.
5	I've both personally used Don at KMI Contracting and referred him to countless clients, for everything from major renovations to minor to-do lists.  And every referral I've sent his way has said he did a great job.  He's extremely up-front and honest about what the job will need, and I've never had a "surprise" come up.  Of course I assume once any contractor starts digging into a job there are bound to be unknown issues they find, but I've never had it with KMI, and I would think that's because his level of knowledge about his work is so high that he would be better suited to predict the potential hidden issues.  I never think twice about calling KMI when I have a need for a contractor or when a client asks for the name of a contractor I trust.
5	I have known Don at KMI for several years.  He is a great person who cares deeply for his clients.  He is honest, trustworthy, and reasonable.  You will never have to worry about him not being on time or not showing up.  I hear great testimonials on a weekly basis regarding Don and the work that KMI does.  I highly recommend that you get a quote on any work that you want done in your home.
