1	I've been here more times than I care to remember...and each time I have never purchased anything. It has a web based business called www.findingking.comAs any jewelery maker out there can tell you, it's hard finding a place where you can establish a good, trustworthy rapport with people who are going to sell you something for the works you will be creating -- this place is NOT it.Whether I've ordered something online or gone into the store it's always been unfriendly, unhelpful and pissy people working behind the counter. Long before I discovered Phoenix Jewelers Supplies was Finding King, I had ordered a set of metal stamps for my silver smithing...Imagine ordering something in June and finally getting the item in November with Z E R O ZERO nada nothing NO communication whatsoever from them.I know what it's like to work retail and customer service...I dealt with bitchy women when I worked at the Chanel counter at Nordstrom in my college days...and words cannot describe how truly irate and angry I get when I think that this business is still going...I guess the old adage from PT Barnum is true -- There's a sucker born every minute.If you're a jeweler or someone interested in going into metal arts stay far away from this place findingking.comAs any AZ jewelry designer can tell you, stick with Rio Grande and Lonnie's...avoid Phoenix Jewelry Supply at all costs.
1	I ordered a finding and paid over $20 for overnight shipping because I really needed it overnight. I ordered on 10/4, got a letter yesterday it shipped (already NOT overnight), I looked at UPS this morning and they haven't even taken it to UPS!  Now they have a estimated delivery date of 10/10.  Exactly how is that overnight?  I count that as 6 days. Of course this lowlife bunch are off on the weekend, so no shipping till Monday. Did they contact me to say they can't actually ship the same week, much less overnight? Heck no.  Have they contacted me about the higher price I paid for extra service?  Hardly.  Contact me to offer to refund the higher fee?  Get real.  Are they going to deliver it at slow rates and steal the money I paid to expedite?  Yes. Did they lie and email me it had shipped? Yes, the lying jerks.  Are they going to deliver half-assed customer service? I doubt they could do even that. Not only avoid these people but protect our friends and fellow jewelry makers and tell them too.
5	I have been buying from this store for 5 years+-.  I have never had a bad experience. Chris Is a friendly guy to deal with.  I used to make jewelry and bought whatever I needed from the store.  Right now, I am mainly going over there to purchase batteries for watches, etc.  The prices are great there.  You can buy a card of 5 batteries for probably Kmart, Walmart, etc charges you for 2 of them. I usually stock up on what I need for about a year.I highly recommend this store to anyone who needs a supply of batteries or is making jewelry.  I believe you will find all you need here.
