5	Finally a northern chinese food place in vegas, i been looking for one forever. The owner are super friendly, the food are good if you enjoy traditional northern chinese food.
5	New dumpling resturant, not sure if anyone else can recommend other dumpling resturants but this is very delicious. I brought my friends from LA here and they enjoyed it too!The decorations are red and flowers as seen in pictures. They have private rooms: party size and large.Must order: lamb dumplings!! You can't go wrong with it!Parking is a bit limited but there is some in the back.Local mom and pop resturant! I support local restaurants!
5	Wonderful dumplings!  Great service as well.  We had the soup and the stone dumplings.
2	Dine on Thursday night, we were only customer while we almost checking out one family came in. Furthermore,  I ordered beef dumpling, lamb with green onion stir fry,  and clear cold noodle. All food I ordered was all salty~ extreme~ so we got canned herbal tea but later 2 can herbal tea equals $7? Goodness I can buy dozen of chinese can herbal tea one block from u~~~~ too costly. Service was so horrible, Server was on phone neither one chef... I can tell why there was nobody dine in. Not recommended!
5	I'm surprised this place doesn't have more reviews! I have been to many dumpling joints that have served soup aka juicy dumplings and this place is the BEST I've ever had. This is the most soup I've seen in a dumpling ever!! The green onion pancakes were also very fluffy and the serving was generous. It was my third time there and I would definitely return!!They are great for take out as well. Very friendly, offering you water and tea while you wait for your order!
5	We Drove up to the new business for the first time and hesitated to go in bc there was no one in the restaurant but us, so we thought we give it a try anyway. We ordered beef dumpling, Steamed soup dumpling, and home made soup all tasted great. best dumpling in town, minus the loud red chair decor. Love the glass window to view chef Making their dumpling from scratch similar to Ding Tai Fung. Will be back for more juicy dumplings.
4	My husband and I were finding a place to have lunch and drove by this place. I yelped it right away and we decided to give it a try due to the good rating. And we are happy for the decision because we like the food here a lot. The food is very close to what I had in Beijing. We tried beef dumplings (steamed), beef stuffed cake, cold noodle with white sesame sauce. They were all good. We definitely will go back.
3	The place is clean for now. Asian restaurants always scare me in that respect. The decor is super tacky but the owner is proud of it. These are simple people. The husband cooks while the son and mom serve. You can tell the son and mom are not professional servers but they are nice and friendly. The food is northern Chinese which focuses on dough products like noodles and dumplings. They also don't serve pork. Everything is flavorful and it was a nice change from the Cantonese Chinese restaurants. If you don't know Northern Chinese food, you might be in for a shock. The place was very good for down home northern Chinese cooking, but not for everyone. It's not your typical Chinese restaurant food, so if you don't know it, you probably won't like it. It's more like Chinese country comfort food.We didn't get to try the soup dumplings until recently. They are not very good. Bund Shanghai and 1900 have better soup dumplings for sure.
5	This place really surprised me on how good the food is. The dumpling are freshly made, and they even have their own specialty chef that make some of the dumplings. The owner is very nice and kind. The place is very clean and tidy. Don't forget to try the stone dumpling and the Shao Mai.
5	This place is very nice. Great service, clean environment. And the food taste very home made. Means my boyfriend really enjoyed it.
5	Very friendly staff. The owner greeted us and made recommendations. She served us tea while we waited for our to-go dumplings, and even gave us samples of chicken wings & dumplings. Such a sweet lady.The dumpling wrapper is delicious. I would definitely recommend this place. Especially since they are open until 3am. Apparently the owner changed the hours.
5	This place is great.  If you're just visiting Vegas and you're looking for some authentic northeastern Chinese food, this is definitely a place worth checking out. It's still relatively new but the food tasted amazing and authentic.  Also the staff was very friendly.  We ordered beef dumplings and they even hand-made the Chinese yellow wasabi at our request.  Definitely coming back here again when I'm in town.
5	Good beef noodle and excellent xiao long bao. Not bad for Vegas.  Still not 626 but very enjoyable. Will come back again!
5	Hubs and I went there to get me a dumpling fix and, while it's a bit of a drive, I'm glad we went.  Parking was plentiful, the dining area is squeaky clean and the owner was very friendly and helpful.There was some confusion about Hubs' order so we ended up with more food than we really wanted, but they removed one of the dishes from the tab, which made us happy.Stone Dumplings: OMG, yum! Slightly better than standard pot stickers I've had, and the "crust" was perfect for absorbing the vinegar on my plate and seasoning these without having to dunk them in a pot of sauce.Soup Dumplings: once again, OMG yum! Perfect little bite sized dumplings of soup and filling.  Do NOT make the mistake I did of trying to just bite into one, I got soup all over the table and myself.. it's amazing how much is in each of these little dumplings.Meat Patty: rather like a seasoned burger inside a  tortilla, not sure what all is there but it was delicious (and I'm not a burger fan)Chicken hot pot: one of Hubs' orders, and the one he regrets most because of the large pot of Sterno underneath which nauseated him and ruined the rest of the meal for him. I only got a small taste of that one, it was furiously hot and I was having a dumpling party, but it was good. Small pieces of chopped up chicken (bones and all) seasoned and in a pot with some shredded vegetables underneath.Duck something: I didn't catch the full name of this dish, it wasn't on the menu but recommended by the owner.  Hubs ordered this, but wasn't able to eat due to the Sterno mentioned above.  I got a small taste, it was pretty excellent duck - cooked, sliced, laid out on a platter.We'll definitely be going back, but we'll be avoiding the hot pot dishes for Hubs' sake.  The dumplings were just THAT good :D
3	My fiance and I were excited to see a dumpling restaurant open in the area! I'm in love with soup dumplings. And China Mama down the street does a pretty good job of it. It's no 626, but its still good.They have their own parking lot. Plus! But first impression is.. the place smells. It's a very pungent bathroom odor. I wouldn't mind if it smelled like cleaning supplies.. but a smelly bathroom/sewage scent is NOT the way to go when you're eating! But it's an asian restaurant. Things like this slip through the cracks all the time. We stayed. We eventually got used to it.The menu has a lot of items! Most of the English descriptions are pretty vague. So the pictures help a lot. We got lost in all of the choices and took awhile to order.When we did, we ordered the pan fried beef patties, the soup dumplings, and hot and sour soup. The patties were good. Crispy, flavorful, and tasted great with a little bit of vinegar and hot sauce.The hot and sour soup was not as savory as other places I've had, but it was tasty as well. Full of flavor, jusy enough sour. The soup dumplings normally take longer and were the last to arrive at the table. Tip: normally if you know you're ordering this dish, you should put in the order first. The dumplings were good. As a personal preference, I like my dumplings more sweet than salty, but here they make it salty. Also, there is actually not that much soup in each one. The menu had other delicious sounding items so we'll probably be back to try other items. But they need to fix that smell!!Overall.. 626 dumplings beats NY dumplings beats China Mama beats Dumpling King
3	My first impression is the decor of the restaurant with its red floral chairs is an acquired taste.Service is slow so if you are in a rush this is not the place to go.I had the pan fried dumplings and the beef noodle soup.  The food is okay and it's nothing I would write more about.
5	I normally don't write any reviews but must write for this restaurant. Been in Vegas for more than 3 years, this is the only authentic Chinese restaurant that focus on Northeast Chinese cuisine. Love all the dishes and remind me home across the Pacific Ocean. You gotta try!!!!!!!
5	The soup dumpling is delicious, cumin beef, and the string beans are delicious! Will try their hot pots next time...looked delicious from the table next to us.
3	For being the self-proclaimed dumpling king, I would have expected way more dumplings.  We had the juicy beef dumplings, no pork option.  Salty meat and thicker skin than I prefer.  The string beans were money though.  Perfectly cooked and seasoned.  I had the onion pancake but did not like them too much because they were too bready and not as greasy and flaky as I am used to.  Everything here is freshly cooked to order.  The whole time I was here they played Calvin Harris "Blame" on repeat.  That was the worst part.
3	Why 3 stars?I was hoping for really good dumpling here since it's called dumpling king but the XLB has a weird sour taste to it... Maybe that's the style? But didn't enjoy it and I've tried a lot of XLB elsewhere.Beef noodle soup - nothing specially, edible, meh.Cumin lamb - this was really good! Without this dish maybe I would've given it a 2 star.We had left over for the first 2 dishes and it wasn't really worth bringing home.
3	Dumplings here were $9.99 for 10 small dumplings. Skin was perfect, meat was good but broth was lacking. There just wasn't enough of it.
5	Dumpling King is Amazing!! Very clean and great service and even better food!! This will be my new place for great Chinese food.
3	I came here for take out recently and upon entering the restaurant my eyes burst from the bright floral patterned seat covers. They were a bit of an eyesore. As for the rest of the restaurant, it was cutely arranged with round tables and red Chinese lanterns lining the ceilings. They were playing old school Christmas songs which got me in a cheery mood whilst waiting.I ordered the soup dumplings and the fried string beans. I was hoping for them to be big portions for the amount I paid, which was $20 for two dishes. So the verdict: The dumplings were ok and hardened as soon as they started to cool down. The green beans were seasoned nicely and was a good portion but the down side was how greasy they were. I'm willing to give this place another shot I didn't really love what I had.
5	Amazing food! Choose basically anything and it will be awesome! Favorites included the Eggplant, Black Pepper Beef, Soup dumplings, well really any and all of the dumplings. Just close your eyes and point, it will be good, and authentic, if that's not what your after you can still find something that you'll like, but really it's the authenticity of flavored that shine.
1	0 star. Waited 30 min for beef dumplings, by the time we finished the other two dishes, was told they were out of beef. Food is ok if you can stand the wait
3	First time to this spot...figured I would try some dumplings out...Decor was as expected...felt like I got slapped by a huge Chinese floral pattern upon entering...Ordered the beef stew noodle (not too bad...China Mama is better)...Since this is the dumpling king...you would figure their dumplings would be amaze-balls but wrong! Mediocre at best...and I've had plenty of dumplings to compare this to...ordered the shrimp chive ones (blah)...Overall, worth the try not definitely not worth coming to again...perhaps if they make better dumplings!!
