4	Bronco Billy's was open for about two years before I finally visited.  I just wouldn't guess that a place called Bronco Billy's would have a good pie.  Maybe it's discrimination, but Uncle Vito, Big Al, Cousin Tony, those are the guys that you look to for a good pizza.I was hungry.I was close by.It smelled good.I went in.It's just a pizza joint, nothing fancy, you order at the counter, have a seat and they bring your pizza to you.It took a while for the pizza...which depending on your point of view could be good or bad.  I would have liked to have waited less, however, my pizza was freshly made.  It hadn't been sitting out.  It hadn't just been put in the oven to reheat.  It was fresh.It was also huge.  I got one slice, which I ate part of, took home, ate part of for lunch the next day, and part of for lunch the next day.  Yep, three meals out of one slice.  On a side note, if you plan to eat left over pizza from anywhere invest in a toaster oven.  It makes a huge difference and is leaps and bounds better than pizza reheated in the microwave.  You'll be happy you did.Back to BBP... there aren't any trash cans so you are supposed to leave your plates and stuff on the tables.  I don't know why I always feel weird leaving a dirty table behind...
3	We've only had Bronoc's once. We had it delivered, and it was average pizza. The sauce was too thick and too much tomato flavor, the crust was average as well. It tasted more like certain chain pizza stores that I avoid, but it is a step up from them since their cheese tasted better. But I am a major pizza addict (usually make my own) so I am very particular. Their customer service was good, and the pizza was hot when it arrived, but the taste just wasn't that great. It's been a while since we tried, maybe we'll try again sometime and see if it has improved.
2	Granted, we visited this location only a few months after it opened. But the salad bar was filthy and the lettuce was wilted. The pizza was undercooked and the sauce was THICK. I mean THICK. Like they dumped two cups of tomato sauce on this pie before cooking it for 5 minutes! The abundant sauce was nothing special either. It tasted like it was straight out of a can from Walmart.The ONLY reason I gave this place a second star was the service. The owner was there and seemed very vested and proud of the place and the kids working there were definitely attentive to service needs.I am sure its better now otherwise they wouldn't have survived a couple years performing like they did during our visit.I would only recommend this if you were out for a "test" night.
1	I've had the pizza here once and it was decent compared to the generic triad (papa, dom, and the hut) unfortunately they seem determined to keep me from trying their pizza again, living only a mile or two away from this place we always get coupons for them on our door handle and they are generally pretty good deals, unfortunately everytime I call for delivery fate intervenes and decides I should eat somewhere else.the first time I called no one answered, the second time I tried someone picked up and put me on hold to eventually hang up on me, to call back to be put back on hold to never get my call answered, I want to eat your pizza but I don't see why you won't answer your phone to take my order.
3	A very tasty pizza and an even better sandwich!  I am looking forward to going back, but I had a first great start with this restaurant.  The pizza is steps above the regular delivery fare.Their salad bar was basic, but fresh, clean, and tasty.  Their drinks are refillable and they have a decent area to eat or you can always do take-out here.  I would definitely reccomend them.  They had a few other interesting items on the menu such as lasagne which I may end up trying sometime.Not sure why the votes below said they have waiter service, because I think it's a case of buy it at the register and they bring it to your table.  That is not waiter service in my book.  : )
3	Good medium crust pizza, but thin on the sauce.  The place is clean, and they have decent specials for lunch and dinner.
3	Stopped in here for lunch with Mike C. today.  We split a Large "Bull Durham" Pizza, which had salami, pepperoni, ham, sausage, beef, & Linquica.  There's a clean, simple decor, it's a little expensive, &  the pizza is very good!Lg. Bull Durham Pizza (14"), piled up good with everything above, $20.69.  (A 12" Medium at $17.09 would have been sufficient.)
5	AHHH!!!!! Bronco Billy's pizza yumm yumm yumm .I have ate at this place about ten times now and the pizza is always great.The place is very clean and well decorated and as far as the pizza goes it is my favorite in the valley.I went there again today with Rand H. after telling him it was the best.well Rand gave them 5 stars as well. I also think any review less than 4 stars needs to be flagged,probably an orange head anyway. So if your looking for a real good pizza Bronco Billy's won't let you down.
4	This place happens to be by the grocery store I was headed to, & you know what they say about shopping on an empty tummy! Bad idea, lol! Glad I found stopped in! Not only is it very reasonably priced & the location is clean, but they also have tasty pizza & delicious hot wings! They had me at 'hot wings' :)
4	MR C and I like Tuesdays at the Bronco Billys. Its a large 1 topping pizza for $6.99 and draft beer or bottles are 1.00 each. You cant beat that. The pizza is pretty good and the beer is cold. For a cozy, casual night out, a pizza and a couple of beers, for about $15.00 can you really beat it??? If you havent tried.. you should.
4	Far as I'm concerned, this is the best pizza in the Surprise area. I haven't been back here for a while (diet, unfortunately) but tonight I decided to go again. Pizza was the same as last time - delicious. I'm a big fan of the Chuck Wagon special. The wife hates it because there are so many toppings that the crust is a little soggy, and I'd agree (I don't actually consider that a bad thing) however tonight for the first time we actually ate there rather than getting delivery. Fresh from the oven, the Chuck Wagon is spectacular. See my photo (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/i2DcZyW9vmocjpuPNcyOgA?select=WJxVZcpB57UkpQQvLuay4w). Crust was fresh and not soggy. I guess it's designed to be eaten immediately. I love the toppings, although the linguica is kind of an acquired taste perhaps, sort of like anchovies I guess in terms of the slightly odd aftertaste. Still, a great pizza. They have a couple of old arcade games in there, including a multi-game tabletop with classics like Ms Pacman, Burger Time and Space Invaders all in one. My kid and a couple of kids from another group clustered around it and had plenty of fun while the pizza was cooked. I got a bunch of quarters from the counter and had my kid share a couple of games with his new friends - Centipede and some weird Donkey Kong knock-off where he smacks a couple of beehives around before Jr tries to save him (I never saw that one before). Then we sat down to the meal - me with my Chuck Wagon, the wife and kid with their boring-ass cheese and Canadian bacon special. He polished off two full slices, not too bad for a slim four-year-old. I liked it, the kid liked it and the wife liked it this time too. Not exactly the cheapest pizza when you compare it with Papa Jomino's but I don't mind supporting good local businesses - I told the dude to make sure he didn't close down like half the other places in Surprise (Ritter's, El Paso etc) before we left. The place isn't the ultimate in decor but it was neatly kept and the pizza was ready in ten mins. Good sized benches and tables and there's even a private-ish room with tables for birthday parties or whatever. In keeping with the 80's flavor they had 99 Luftballons on the radio. So, I'll sum up the meal with four words: floogen, doogen, boogen kriegen.Edit: Despite me ordering the guy not to close due to the economy, he closed due to the economy. Someone please explain to me why shitholes like Lucky's Pizza, Federicos and Macayos thrive and truly decent places like this and Ritters Custard wither and die? NOT happy.
4	Wife an I decided to have a slice of pepperoni pizza. Glad it was only a slice! Their slices are about the same as a small pizza. So we never been here before, and wanted to try it out. We are really glad we did. Pizza has a very crispy crust, sauce has a little bite to it, and since their pizza is on the well done side. Their pepperoni is perfect. The only problem here, they do not check on you to see if you need anything! But we will be back!
4	Just found out they closed their doors!!! as of 08/01/2011!!!
