3	Now I like McDonald's, I really do.  But since I was but a wee lad, I have always had this soft spot for Jack In the Box.  Sure, there was that whole kangaroo meat thing years (and years and years ago), but I don't know that there's really a problem with it.  I've certain eaten worse that kangaroo in my life, and their tacos sure are good, so who am I to complain?In any case, I also love a Breakfast Jack, and they have a great selection - much wider variety than just about any other fast food, which is awesome.  Sure, those tacos are deep-fried (not just the shells, the entire taco), but man they are good.For whatever reason, the Concord location is always a lot friendlier than most other locations, or maybe we just happen to hit them at the right times.  I don't know what it is, but they always have service with a smile.The one downside to Jack is that they can be slow - even though most fast food places make your food to order, if the cooks at Jack are running behind, it can be a really long wait.  Just get your drink and kick back at the table, because standing at the counter is not going to make you feel good about anything.
4	Jack in the Box has become my de facto fast food joint due to their no-holds-barred menu attitude.  All meals are available all day, and they range from egg sandwiches to tacos.  I mean, really?  Where else can someone get a pair of tacos and a burger that are decent in one stop?  They offer two types of fries for those that want variety, plus hashbrown sticks.  This place is by no means "healthy", and their adds flaunt that!  It's refreshing to see a business let loose and except that they're the glut-vanna!  We the people frequent places like this to serve out craving for fast, fun, fantastic foods!  Why can't Jack cut loose too!This particular location is conveniently located close to home, but otherwise it is rather tricky to navigate in and out of.  Try to avoid on weekends, as the traffic from Concord Mills will no doubt drive you insane!Noosh!
3	Since this was close to my hotel, I went over here on a Saturday morning for a to go breakfast & lunch.One nice touch is that you can order any menu item 24 hours a day.  The down side to that is a burger during breakfast hours adds a bit of wait time.The Ultimate Breakfast sandwich included ham and egg - good sized portion.Free wifi while I waited was nice.Wish Jack's would come to Raleigh!
3	This place is alright... pretty convenient to I-85 and Concord Mills.  Nothing really special to report here... just fast, efficient, friendly service... with a very clean dining room.
2	This is my second time going to jack in the morning and I have to say that I have never been here and got my breakfast within 20 minutes. I have too stop driving by the bojangles (can't wait til morning).
1	While the facility was relatively clean, I was quickly reminded why it's been 15 years since I last put this food in my mouth. The burger was disgusting on a level equal to what I imagine purina dog food would taste like. They need to change the name to Crap In The Box.
2	Stopped in and got the jumbo jack with curly fries, other than the cheap bun the food was what you'd expect.  The food wasn't the issue though, everything else was.Service was meh, typical do the minimum necessary attitude, prices are a little high for the quality and the dining area was clean (highlight of the trip).The bathroom though, my god why did I go in. Toilet paper and a diaper on the floor, rust and what looked like mold on fixtures and that tile hadn't been cleaned in ages if ever.  That alone has scared me off from ever coming back.
