4	This place is awesome..i had the halibut, sister had the sole and momma had the salmon..they were all amazing and perfectly cooked. Its a beautiful restaurant but it gets packed so you will need reservations. At 6.40pm on a friday night the place was jammed. The wine list is very reasonable as well. Ask for chad to be your waiter..he's a good kid and perfectly helpful.
2	2.5, just not enough to give it three. Food was just OK and they ran out of ahi tuna by 9pm! They have happy hour all night (pretty good specials too) but they close SO early (10pm last call on Sunday)!
4	The ambiance of this place is very trendy and modern. The drinks were heavy on the vodka, light on the tonic - just how I like em. One great thing about this place is that their happy hour menu is half price every night and their portions are not itsy bitsy. The lobster/shrimp bisque, ceasar salad, crab cake, chocolate godiva cake and berries w/cream should be high on your list of things to order off of it. The staff here is very attentive and friendly as well. My friends and I didn't realize we were the last ones in the place and when we did we felt horrible. The staff didn't mind at all - which is not the norm...
5	Five stars, all the way. Five star staff... our server was incredibly attentive and accomodating, which is wonderful when you make the fantastically inappropriate decision to dine at a seafood restaurant with a vegetarian and a person who hates fish. She made sure we were not just happy, but ecstatic with our wine choices by bringing over various tastes from their lengthy wines by the glass list. They graciously serve oysters (two different kinds) in any denomination, so if you're craving 'em but don't want to order a bunch (or if you really want someone to try them... and you should, the blue tips were A-MAZ-ING), you don't have to... you can just get one.The cashew calamari was impressively tender, and no having to deal with the little baby squid guys with their tentacles and so on. It's all fresh and fileted length-wise, then battered and fried. Delish.The servers all wear white jackets (it's an appreciated touch) and mill about quickly and efficiently. The place is so large that you sometimes forget that the other side of the wine cellar boasts a rather bustling bar. The chairs are wonderfully comfortable. The lights are high, like the designers were exalting the space and celebrating the high ceilings. The experiential fountain pillars out front are disarming, as are the textured French doors. The whale bone-esque structure over the bar is a clever design element, feeding the eastern thought that restaurants are, indeed, where you enter the belly so as to feed the belly.I will be back here again and again.
4	With thick pieces of feta, a combination of small and large black olives and hearty slices of tomato, the Greek salad at Wildfish was everything I had hoped for and more. It's easy to fill up on the salad alone, but don't. Bring a small group of friends so you can try a medlee of flavors. I recommend the oysters and the delicious crab cakes. And the sorbet was refreshing, considering we popped in on a hot Wednesday evening. It was the perfect way to top off the meal.
3	I liked Wild Fish, and I would go back.  However, it didn't rock my world.  Corporate bullshit, ya know.  I would never call the place trendy, it's in a strip mall and has little personality.  The service was not remarkable, the wait was too long.  But, in the end, my meal was quite good.  The fish was cooked perfectly and the portions were impressive.  Skip the dessert and go elsewhere.  A bit pricey but that shouldn't be a deterant.
4	Pros: Phenomenal Halibut and Salmon dishes. Bartenders make some great drinks.Try the Dry Martini with Blue Cheese Stuffed Olives. Cons: Felt like I was at a Social Security party. I think everyone at the bar was over 50, not including the 40 year old cougars.
3	I've only eaten there twice, but the food both times was very very average... not reflected in the prices. At this price point, the food should be out of this world. The happy hour specials are decent and the atmosphere is outstanding, but I don't really see a reason to go here unless you want to impress someone with how much money you have. It's not like going to Ocean Club where the food is fucking rad.I won't be going here unless someone gives me a gift certificate. I put that it's Spendy, but if you get a drink it can easily get you over 60 bucks and into the splurge area. Not worth it.
3	My husband and I went to Wildfish last night to celebrate his birthday. The decor is nice and I thought the white jackets the wait staff wore were a nice touch. The hostess stand is in a very weird little spot off to the side when you walk in and there is really no good place to stand while you are waiting for your table.  Our waitress was very nice and helpful, but the wait between everything (ordering drinks to getting drinks; ordering app to getting app; etc) was really long. I wouldn't recommend going on a completely empty stomach and starving.On to the food...we had the crabcake appetizer to start. I've had better crabcakes I've bought in the frozen food section of the grocery store. The amount of lump crabmeat was seriously lacking and the flavors were off. I did appreciate the minimal use of filling. I had the jumbo scallop dinner. I loved it. The scallops were perfectly cooked and the sauce really complimented the scallops well.  My husband had no problem finishing what I couldn't!  He had the lemon sole...needless to say he ate more of my scallop dinner than his. You couldn't taste lemon or sole...all you could taste was the parmesan breading.  We had a half order of the truffled mac and cheese as a side and it was good. A half order was the perfect size for the two of us.For a $100+ dinner, I didn't walk away loving Wildfish. It was OK and we'll go back because of the scallops, but not until we have a gift card or my in-laws come to visit and are paying.
4	We hit this place after a long day of shopping.  I liked this place.  I am always seeking out seafood options and there are many here.  The tuna tartar could have used more flavor.  The sea bass was buttery and served in a delicate white wine sauce....really good.  There are so many things that looked good on the menu, I will be back again to try something new.
3	This was the first restaurant I had been to in Phoenix, and I must admit I was impressed.  I went with a few partners (and they picked up the bill) so I can't comment if the food was worth the price; so, this review is based purely on the food and not the value.  Nevertheless this a solid three stars.  My fish was actually wild and not farm raised, which is rare in  phoenix.  The crab cakes though, were a let down -- too much bread and not a lot of crab.  The wine list wasn't very impressive, even their pricier bottles. Plus the place was cougared out, which always makes for a good laugh.
3	Not bad for a restaurant in a mall...we had some seared ahi and seabass. Both dishes were fairly good. The place is pretty expensive, $25-40 per entree etc...but the interior is modern and looks good. It was very noisy, though, making conversation difficult if not impossible if you do not sit across a corner. Our main issue was the service. Everything took forever, items were forgotten, prepared in a different manner as ordered, the check did not reflect our consumption. The waitress had to be reminded many times of our food until it was finally produced. Granted it was a busy Saturday night, but if they cannot handle the number of guests seated they are in the wrong business. Summarizing, decent food, nice interior but lousy service.
3	Classic Scottsdale locale - near a mall, full of Large breasted (surgically enhanced) Cougars, full of spoiled 20-year-olds, pretty good and overpriced seafood.  They have a packed and fun happy hour with good deals.  What's not to love?
4	Had a salad and wife had tuna poke and it was really good.  The poke wasn't anything like in Hawaii, but above average.  For dinner I had the Seared Ahi Tuna and was cooked perfectly and quite a huge thick piece, and my wife had the Chilean Sea bass which she said was delicious.  The chefs took over 20 minutes to get our salads out and so the waiter apologized and then comped us a dessert which was delicious.  The place was expensive but reasonable for the quality and amount of food you receive.  I will try the happy hour next time I am in town to see what the fuss is about.  Sounds fun.
4	I love this place for Happy Hour.  Amazing prices and Oyster's that are the best I have ever had in AZ!I go super early with my hubby and have referred others there as well.  Great professional staff and love how open it is.
4	I just love this place. Great atmosphere, great cocktails, and wonderful happy hour snacks. Very reasonable pricing too.Been to happy hour here a few times -- I had dinner here for the first time recently and was blown away.One of the best deals in Scottsdale (and close to all the action of old town).
5	Ohmygod, I just love this place. When you're out with friends Happy Hour at their Oyster Bar is perfect. It's a little crowded sometimes, but the prices are great! When you're having a sit down dinner, the setting is wonderful, dim lighting, great location. The food is amazing! Very fresh fish! My sister had a filet and said it was the best steak she has ever had. I've tried plenty from their menu here, my favorites so far are the Parmesan Lemon Crusted Sole, and the Australian Lobster Tails. The sides are all great, and they have a good selection of desserts. Probably one of my restaurants downtown.
2	I really give it 2.5 stars. We went here my sisters b-day. I was extremely under impressed. We got alot of stuff and it was either so so or real bad. Calamari= the grossest shit Ive ever had. It was like the consistency of a cold stiff mozzarella cheese stick and it had that shape too. it wasn't cut into ring it was big thick sticks. The batter was like microwaved seeming because it had 100% no crisp, or flavor. I would be shocked if it wasn't prebattered and frozen. GrossTuna tar tar= it was just minced raw tuna but they didn't add any like flavored oil or citrus on it. It was just completely unseasoned. The fish had no flavor which is good but it was very plain. Seared tuna= the sauce was good the noodles I likes, tuna was ok. This dish alone I would give 3.5I would never come back here, the food was bad and just really blah. Especially for a place that specializes in fish.
5	It's hard to get good sea food in the desert, but Wild Fish does a good job.  I won't go into every thing we had at our table, but I can say that everything was tasty and I can't wait to go back for more.
2	The only thing I would come back to this place is on Sunday, for their happy hour (all day) for some raw oysters, a bit of Fuji apple salad (just to have some greens for the day), and perhaps the crab cake if bf is tagging along.Please don't get their calamari. It's the worst calamari I've had in my life, flavor-less, breading coat was too thick, and seriously, you can't mix everything with ginger sauce and call it Asian fusion. The fish dishes were alright, but honestly I've had better.Service wasn't that attentive either, and it wasn't a very crowded night.
4	I have only been here two times.  Being a creature of habit I stick with what I know and I know that the salt and pepper shrimp and Chilean Sea Bass are very tasty.  The lobster bisque is quite good as well.  Both times we have been there the service has been excellent.  Ask to be seated in Mike's section-he won't disappoint.
5	Was on a break at work at 3pm two days ago considering Wildfish for happy hour, so I called first to see if I could speak w/ a kitchen manager or chef re food allergies and soon was speaking to sous chef Matt.  Since I've had happy hour (1/2 off select apps) there before- I've not had the pleasure of having dinner, yet- I already knew I loved the All Lump Crabcake (reg. $14.95) and the Crispy Cashew Calamari ($12.95?).  Knowing that many Asian recipes use * I asked Matt if the calamari salad contained any (I recalled that the salad had * as a garnish) - the answer was yes.  That left me w/ the crabcake.  Did Wildfish use ** in preparation?  No on the *, but yes on the * (the remoulade that came w/ the crabcake also contained *), but if I were to call in the morning and let them know I was going to have dinner there, he'd be able to make a batch of *-free crabcake and remoulade.  I lamented that I was actually going to head over there at 4p, but... Immediately, Matt said he'd have a special batch ready for me, no problem (!!).  I also spotted Maine lobster bisque on the online menu and had asked Matt if roux or * was used as a thickener (if *, then I couldn't have it), but, like most quality restaurants, Wildfish uses only roux.  Upon hearing this tidbit, I was excited and looking forward to having a bowl of bisque, the crabcake app, and a glass of cabernet!As soon as I walked into the restaurant, I was warmly accosted by the host, who informed me that I could sit anywhere I wanted.  I asked her if I could speak with Matt and was told he'd be informed I was there.  While I waited, I perused through the menu and found that BV Signet chardonnay, merlot, and cab sauvignon were the select wines selling for $5 a glass during happy hour, so I chose the cab.  I also ordered a bowl of the lobster bisque.  A few minutes passed by, my delicious cab arrived (I love the wine glasses there!), and soon I was speaking to Matt in person, who must have spent at least 20 minutes w/ me (in addition to the time he spent on the phone w/ me earlier) throughout my time there looking over the menu and seeing which items I could try and which were off-limits.  It's so refreshing to know that there are restaurants who have staff who are willing to take the time to listen to their customers and be willing to tweak their recipes so that people w/ food issues may still enjoy many menu options.  I was happy to learn that afternoon, that most, if not all, the seafood dishes could be adjusted, either by leaving off one or more ingredients, or by substituting a different sauce (which many restaurants are unwilling to do, it seems- something to do w/ quality control) or vegetable side.  The topic of desserts came up soon enough, so for those with corn allergies, you'll be happy to know that the Cinnamon-raisin bread pudding and Hot chocolate Godiva cake, as well as the Hot apple & cinnamon cobbler (minus the ice cream- it contains corn syrup) and Creme brulee (minus the cookies- they contain baking powder, but don't worry, he'll substitute fresh berries, instead!) are SAFE TO ENJOY.I of course adored the special crabcake Matt prepared for me- I confess I was so smitten by it, that I had TWO crabcake dishes (Matt was gracious enough to whip up another batch for me!) along w/ the table bread and butter.  I must mention that as I was sipping a few tablespoonsfuls of the bisque, Matt stopped by to let me know that it contained a couple of ingredients I mentioned needing to avoid, so he promptly took the soup out of my sight.  No worries, though, as this left me more room for that second crabcake!  (Sadly, I did exhibit allergy symptoms all day Wednesday...)(Hope you enjoy the photos.  Love that ice mountain adorned with shellfish!  FYI, fresh-shucked oysters are 50c during happy hour!!)
4	This place was WORTH the 30minute taxi drive! Everyone was really nice and helpful even with a big group like ours (like 15 of us). We started with the Chefs choice Sashimi platter which was amazing. I did think we would get a bit more Sashimi but as a starter it was good. Everyone at the table got something different and we shared. The flavors that everyone got were just perfect. I had the Sea Scallops and they were just perfect and melted in my mouth! The best thing about the night was the desert menu. We ended up getting one of everything on the menu even though none of us could eat a bite more but they sounded so good! The best was the Lemon Meringue Pie. This was HANDS down the best Meringue I have EVER had. Overall, wonderful place and will for sure go back when I am back in town!
4	What is the happiest time? Why it's the happy time that good restaurants sell good eats at half price!!!Happy Hour! (one of my favorite phrases, right up there with "swim up bar"  and  "caviar bar").Happy Hour, that's when I go to Wildfish. Oysters and crab cakes and seared Ahi, oh my!I've tried the other appetizers (the calamari is OK, the salad is a salad, and we sometimes get the iced shellfish tower, which is also pretty good), but these items at 1/2 price and martini's are the main reason reason to go to Wildfish.They generally have a some pretty decent wines at decent prices for Happy Hour, too!The Beautiful Carin and I have had dinner here a few times, when the seafood craving gets to strong for me to resist, and Wildfish is pretty good for Phoenix seafood (I lived in Portland for 40 years and then in SFO for a decade, so I just haven't found anything here in town that measures up to the great seafood places there and in Seattle).The service always seems to be pretty good (it occasionally gets a little bit hectic at happy hour, but not too bad, depending on when you go over there).I really do like the decor and atmosphere at Wildfish, too. The ambiance is really pleasant, and kind of reminds me of the ambiance at Farallon in SFO (I know, no jellyfish lamps, etc., but a bit more understated and subdued lighting and blue tones that offset the wood and metal...just really well done).At any rate, try Wildfish for Happy Hour
5	I have found it quite hard to get good quality seafood here locally.I have to give this place 5 stars for great seafood in the desert, it actually tastes fresh!  I recommend hitting this place up for their Happy Hour, and sit at the bar.  They offer a great happy hour menu which includes appetizers, main entrees, and drinks.  Most of this is Tappas style which is great, it gives you the opportunity to try different things and share amongst a group or even just two.  Portions here are pretty generous.  I highly recommend the Gulf Shrimp and the Sea Bass.  As far as sides, the twice baked potato is awesome and it's a freakin beast too!  Two of us couldn't even put a dent in it!  The wedge salad is really good too, especially the bleu cheese dressing that it comes with.Atmosphere here is really great.  Pretty lively minus all the bro jocks and douche bags that frequent Scottsdale.  Service is great, and the bartenders are really cool especially when it's your first time there.  They will go thru the menu and make recommendations and just really put the time in.  Presentation is definitely not lacking at this place either.  As for price, it isn't cheap.  Each time we have been it has been right at about $100 for two, but that is including appetizers, entrees, and drinks.  Worth it in my opinion.
5	If I lived in the area I would eat here often for their happy hour deals. I have been to their other restaurant, Eddie V's, but this was located closer to the airport according to my mom who picked up my friend and I. We managed to find 3 seats together at the oyster bar. It was packed Friday at 6pm. In order to get the happy hour deals you have to be seated in the bar area and everyone there knew this. With speciality cocktails in hand we started with the Crab Cakes which are the size of a burger and wonderful. They are wonderful for their quality and the fact that AZ is a land locked state. Then we had the Sliced Fillet Mignon "Hot Rock" Ishiyaki. This was so yummy and unique. They bring over a sizzling hot rock sitting in a bowl of salt and a side platter with the small pieces of seasoned fillet. You cook the fillet on the hot rock. Maybe 10 seconds per side. The meat was of excellent quality. If you haven't been here I would give it a try.
5	Came here for Happy Hour and it was excellent. I had flavored $5 martinis, 75-cent oysters (which were amazingly fresh), 1/2 off their meaty, lumpy crabcakes and 1/2 off a gigantic plate of calamari. They don't open until 4:00 pm and that is my only drawback - that I can't sit there all day gorging myself and getting hammered...
5	Dude...a happy hour that is TRULY happy!!!  This joint is relatively swank for all the deals it has.  Nice decor, good bar, FRESH seafood (seriously...this is some good quality).  Starting at 4:00 p.m., they have $5 martinis AND $0.75 oysters.  YUM!On top of that, they offer discounts on other appetizers such as the bread and cheese plate, a GIANT crab cake, a salads, and shrimp dishes.  All are tasty.For all the Zoners out there (yeah, I said it), you have to check out this place.  You will have a great time! NOTE - beware of dirty old men.  They'll hit on your friends!
4	Wildfish delivered on an extremely happy 'happy hour' tonight to this girl...The Wildfish chopped salad may be a new favorite - it has huge chilled fresh shrimp, heart of palm, tomato, avocado, bleu cheese, and walnuts - a light meal in itself!  Add a few of the .75 cent oysters, a glass of wine, a side of veggies or a bite of crabcake + some attentive service, and you're in for a real treat!I'm not sure why I'm not more of a frequent Wildfish visitor... I look forward to another visit soon.  Happy hour is the way to go!
3	Well, since my last visit the prices have been raised and they changed the happy hour food deals. But they are not telling guests so we were a little surprised to get the bill and it was higher then we thought it should be. Instead of 1/2 price apps, it's now $5 off. But with the raised prices, it's no great savings.The food was still good, but there are other places that have better off-season specials just as good.
5	I have been wanting to eat here for a very long time but I am a baller on a budget and I usually don't splurge on expensive meals. My friend and I were starving and couldn't decide on where we should eat. I checked Azcentral and found out that Wildfish had an all night all summer long happy hour that starts at 4pm. Score! Walking in it was very dark inside and all the way in the back by the kitchen you can see all the glorious seafood on top of ice. The hostess explained that we could sit at the bar or at one of the lower level booths for the happy hour special. We ordered a couple of cocktails that were too sweet for my liking but the food was fresh and delicious. We ordered the crab claws, some cheese that tasted like buttery brie, and potstickers. I enjoyed everything we ordered and will be coming back very soon. FYI the all night all summer long happy hour special is also at Eddie V's and Roaring Fork.
4	First time at the summer Happy Hour and pleasantly surprised with the overall service and quality.  I was eyeing the blood orange margarita but the waitress commented it was sweet and recommended her favorite, the pomegranate grapefruit margarita.  Good advice; it was the perfect cold drink on a hot day.  Started with the complimentary bread that was hard to resist plus a few 75 cent fried Pacific oysters (same price as raw).  The oysters came on a very hot plate in the shells with a tasty dipping sauce. Ordered the cold shrimp cocktail and was really surprised at the size and quality. Several bites per shrimp with a choice of three dipping sauces.  The four shrimp had a lot more flavor than what I had become accustomed to with Trader Joe's shrimp and much larger.Note to self, next time try the raw oysters and the crab cakes.
5	My favorite restaurant ever!  And I actually mean my absolute #1 favorite!  Great Happy Hour!  Be careful though, it is a Cougar Den...
4	Good martinis, margs and great happy hour... AND great for dinner too if your headed out to Old Town, Id do this over some of the other Scottsdale outs.. I had the blood orange marg.. loved it.. one drink and I am a done--er... so it was good that the happy hour was there! I dont eat lots of bread, but had to that day... and its yummy! My date, (I use that word very cautiously... ) was rude and demanding and the staff put up with his overbearing, high maint ways.. more than they should have... crab cakes are awesome..:-)Dinner I had the Wildfish Chopped Salad... I actually crave that salad now!
5	Wildfish is fantastic...the service was excellent only surpassed by the quality of food. My wife and I love the scallops and their shrimp cocktail is a classic but fantastic! We made a reservation and they take the time to pass your name to team so you always addressed as "Mr and Mrs XYZ"...makes you feel special like a visiting political VIP or something! The place is beautiful and I highly recommend it! SO TASTY!
4	Seafood in AZ?  Isn't that like Chicago style pizza in Hawaii?No. We hit this place up on the 4th of July, while all the other touristos were down getting blitzed in Tempe, and it was amazing. They had great specials, good oysters rockefeller, good steaks, and we all left totally stuffed. If you are looking for a decent seafood spot (that isn't sushi) give this joint a whirl.
5	Wildfish is right off of Camelback Rd, around the corner from South Bridge in Scottsdale. The restaurant has a very modern and hip vibe that radiates from it. Diners are welcomed by a soft blue neon walkway to the front door and waterfall columns that frame the entrance. When you walk into the restaurant, the large bar area is front and center. It is sleek looking and has plenty of seating. The dining areas are on raised platforms on either side of the bar area that have both booths and tables. The place was pretty busy and as such, the noise level was pretty loud. We were seated at a table and at times I was having trouble hearing some of our conversation over the noise. We opted to have some wine. The wine list has a nice selection and is broken into their "regular list", which is basically what most people will order from, and a "special" list where the entry price on the wine is $120+. The wine markup was about 2.5x retail across the board, which was not surprising for Scottsdale. There was not much worth drinking for under $45. We opted for a 2006 Newton Red Label Chardonnay that was $59. Very nice chard: supple, well rounded, and moderate oak. Now for the food. Small plate offerings include soups, salads, appetizers, and selections from their raw bar. I walked past the raw bar and it is impressive. I was fighting a cold, so I didn't want to overload my immune system with raw seafood, otherwise I would have been all over it. Large plates consist of about a dozen seafood choices and then various poultry, lamb, and beef selections. We were all about the seafood that night. The sheer number of choices and their descriptions had us smitten as they all sounded so good. My girlfriend and I share food all the time and T wanted on board with that, too, so we decided to order a several items and share. While that may be great for us, it can be something a server cringes at, but our server never batted an eye. He was prompt, courteous, and VERY accommodating (more on this later). I wanted the Lobster Bisque and we were told they would be happy to split that order into three smaller bowls as our starter. I spent 12 years in New England and the bisque was as good as any I ever had back east. Rich, without being too creamy with a nice spiciness and just the right amount of brandy in it. We each got a very large hunk of lobster in our portion, too. Next, we all split the Wildfish Chopped Salad. They took a single order and split it across three plates (nice touch). The salad was very good, with large shrimp and chunks of Jonah Crab. The dressing was actually a mix of a vinaigrette (light flavored and yummy) and a green-goddess variety (kind of bland). They could serve it with just the vinaigrette and it may make for a better overall dish, but it was still very good. We ordered two main courses: Chilean Sea Bass Steamed Hong Kong Style and Gulf Snapper Filet Meuniere. We also got a side of Baby Bok Choi to go with the Sea Bass. I split the sea bass with my girlfriend (again, they split the order onto two plates for us) and it was exquisite. Light and flaky, yet moist. The sauce it came with was very light and mildly tangy. Highly recommended. The snapper was prepared with a brown butter sauce and was also very good. T was smiling the whole time while eating it, but was unable to finish the large portion, so that was destined to be her lunch the next day. The bok choi was served with macadamia nuts and a sesame based sauce. It really didn't do much for me as it seemed uninspired and a little overdone. It wasn't bad, but I doubt I'd order it again. Since it was T's birthday, dinner would not be complete without dessert. Our server said any selection she wanted was on the house and she opted for the Pineapple Upside Down Cake (and three forks). I can't say that would have been my first choice, especially with some of the chocolate items on the menu, but it turned out to be a good call. There is no lack of rum in the cake and to top it off, they light some Bacardi 151 and drizzle the burning liquid on top of the dessert, which makes for a nice presentation. The cake was good, but the show stealer was the homemade butter pecan ice cream served with it. You may have picked up on the fact that the service was top notch. We spent over three hours there and we were not rushed at all. He was on top of all our needs without being overbearing and it all added up to a great night out. Final TakeWildfish delivered in pretty much all the areas that matter. Aside from the loud environment and my very minor quibbles with some of the food preparation, it's definitely a place to go for a great seafood meal. I will be back there soon, if for nothing else than to tear my way through the raw bar.
2	If I grew up in Phoenix I would probably think this is a pretty amazing place.  However, growing up in the PNW and then living in Mass. for a while I believe true seafood should be from the sea to your plate in a day or less.  Went 3 times.  The last trip I had a shrimp cocktail starter (good), sole (average), and tried someones scallop (good).  However, one of these left me sick all night.  Guess that's what you get eating seafood at a place where should refrigeration fail for even a moment your fish is exposed to 120 F desert heat.  McCormick & Schmick's is a much better choice.
5	I attended a Yelp Elite event here and I was completely wowed by the seafood.  Having lived and spent time in various places on the water I have diminished expectations for seafood now that I live in the desert.  Fear not!I will be back here on the oysters alone!  Much less the jumbo shrimp, fresh tuna and crab cakes.  The last time I was this impressed with crab cakes I could smell the Atlantic.The last time I had such good oysters I could smell the Pacific.
4	I work so close to Wildfish it's truly a crime I hadn't been there before the Yelp Elite event last week. Oh.my.gosh. Seafood is my kryptonite and Wildfish nearly laid me out. The crabcakes? I think I saw those...they were ripped from the hands of the servers before they could plant both feet out on the patio! The Ahi Tuna was amazing, so creamy with a hint of sesame oil (?)...mmmmmm. I bee-lined it to the oyster bar and tried to get them all in my mouth before anyone else noticed they were there.  The prawns were EEE-normous and even the endive with mushrooms and goat cheese was delightful. I liked my lemondrop enough to have two! I see another review here about a chopped salad and 75 cent oysters so there's no way the Wildfish staff can get rid of me now!
5	"I will remember these shrimp for the rest of my life."  This is what my mom said after tasting the bacon-wrapped shrimp at Wildfish.I knew I had to come back for a full meal after swooning over the amazing appetizers at the Yelp Elite event.  So, when my mom came out to visit I had the perfect opportunity to prove that great seafood can be found in the desert.  Wildfish did not disappoint.After consulting with our (super awesome) waiter Christian, we started off with two appetizers - the crabcake and the bacon-wrapped shrimp with goat cheese.  Both were just as fantastic as I remembered.  The crabcake is large and perfect for sharing and is served with a light remoulade sauce.  The shrimp come three to a plate, complimented with a small stack of light onion rings.  My mom really knows that I love her, as I declined her (feeble and halfhearted) offers to split the third shrimp with me!The parade of deliciousness continued with the entrees - Roasted Sea Bass and Snapper Filet with Johah Crab.  Both were served with delicate sauces that enhanced, not overpowered, the flavor of the fish.  We shared a side of steamed asparagus with hollandaise.  All sides are served family-style and the portions are large but can be ordered in half sizes that are perfect for two.5 star staff, 5 star food.  Overall it was a great experience in every way.
4	Review # 100 and I saved it for Wildfish, how cool is that?So Friday night, after taking my friend, who was here from DC,  to Scottsdale Fashion Square so she could see what this mall was all about, we decided to head over to Wildfish. I mean I was just their a few weeks ago and I remembered just how yummy the food was at the event so I just had to go back.The place was packed! I mean it was Friday night so I didn't expect anything less but wow. We had two choices, to either wait 45 mins for a table or grab a table near the bar. We choose the latter as the you still received the full menu at the bar as well.We were greeted pretty quickly and our waitress, Deanna took great care of us. Hats off to you Deanna! You rocked girl.My friend started off with a raspberry mojito I believe (I am not sure but I think that is what it was), Lobster Bisque and Snapper with Crab, the crab fried rice to share and some steamed asparagus. All I wanted was the calamari  so I ordered that as my main course. I know lame but that is all I had a taste for as I was saving room for dessert too.So her drink, some warm fresh bread, and the lobster bisque came pretty quickly.  After that we are not sure what happened. One of the waiters (who by the way remembered me from the yelp event) came over to see how our meal was and we told him that we hadn't eaten yet. No sooner did we say that did our meal finally arrive. We were not upset by the delay at all as we were catching up on old times but it was a pretty long wait. However the manager Mario came over to apologize about the delay and offered to by us dessert. How cool was that. Deanna also came over to apologize as well for not checking on us sooner. The meal was so good. My friend enjoyed hers and I chowed down on all that yummy calamari. It was a huge plate that was sitting on top vegetables, red chiles and some yummy but spicy cashews. I also had some of that crab fried rice which was also very good. Lots of crab and lots of mushrooms. Yummy.  To save room for dessert we ate as much as we could but then requested to pack up the rest so that we could enjoy the grand finale.OMG! The desserts are sinful. My friend ordered the upside pineapple cake made with fresh whipped cream and vanilla bean ice cream, and I had the chocolate godiva cake that was served warm with vanilla bean ice cream. Good lawd those desserts were good. If you don't want anything else from this restaurant. which shame on you for not trying the delicious food, at least go for dessert. Yum, yum, yum.All in all it was a great time. Thank you again to Deanna and huge extra special thank you to Mario for generously buying us dessert. I will definitely be back again soon.
4	Sunday & Monday (as long as you sit in the correct area) has Happy HOUR all day!!! The food is phenomenal for being in Arizona where you're not close to water. I wondered where the fish was coming from exactly... Besides, that... Every time I go they're out of the Chilean Sea Bass and Lobster. Obviously, these must be delicious since they sellout by the time I get there around 9pm for dinner. I've indulged in the Ahi Tartar, the Crab Cake (1 of the best I've ever had), for an entree I've had Snapper and on another occasion I had the 10oz Filet. The spinach side dish is yummy as well. Ive also had the crab rice I believe it was which was not a disappointment either. I'll def be going back. -The DragonBerry Mojitos are delish!-
4	The food and service were excellent. I would recommend a reservation on the weekends as the place had a 2 hour wait when I was there on a Saturday night. Our waiter was knowledgeable and enthusiastic.  The swordfish, mac & cheese, wine list, were all top notch. I was not too crazy about the green beans though.
3	I have been here three times..and kind of just feel "eh" about the place.  I am a huge seafood lover...their food was ok.....but nothing that was super-exciting to me.  Good service though!! ......For the money....I'd prefer to go to Mastro's Ocean Club all the way for  their tasty seafood!!!
4	Went here for Happy Hour on a recent trip to Scottsdale with my Dad and his lady friend. Wow, what a value. The HH drinks are priced at $5 each, which doesn't sound that great...until you actually taste them. These are top-notch cocktails. I had one, it was a blood orange margarita (I think), really great flavor. I also tried the Mai-tini. Both drinks seemed expertly prepared with quality ingredients. The blueberry mojito was equally tasty. Not the best drinks I've ever had, but a great value for $5.The main draw here seems to be the Pacific oysters at 75 cents apiece (fried or raw). Seemed to be fresh and of good quality (this from a Seattle person) and the dipping sauces were great. We ordered a shrimp cocktail (huge shrimp/prawns) and some very tasty pepper shrimp. The salad was also very good. Fresh complimentary bread and butter were also a big plus.So for HH I think this place is great. They provided excellent service and food at an affordable price. Not sure if the food and drink value would be as high, though, when using the non-HH menu. Will have to go there for dinner next time.
5	Okay, sorry, do not know how anyone could give this less than a 5 star.  Just returned from our Valentine's/Birthday dinner, and it was superb.  Flawless.  Simply flawless.  From knowing our names on the reservation, to the valet service, to our splendid server, Jeffrey (hope I spelled it correctly), to the ambience, to the food... amazing.  Jumped to our top 5 in Phoenix.  Jeffrey brought us wine samples to help us narrow down our choices (chose the Kim Crawford from NZ - a very fruity Sauvignon Blanc).  Simply delicious.  Excellent choice for the evening...The appetizers were delicious, so delicous that we were almost full by their end... Ris had the bacon wrapped shrimp with goat cheese, and I had the hot shrimp pot-stickers... wonderful.Then Ris had the swordfish (thinly cut), and I had the crab-stuffed shrimp and crab fried rice.  Again, amazing.  Highly recommend this restaurant.  Not a single flaw... one of only 10 restaurants in Phoenix I can say that about...
5	We started with drinks- it was Sunday so there was all day happy hour and discounted appetizers.  We had a Dragon Berry Mojitos and Citrus Mist Martinis.  AMAZING.  The martini ranks up there with some of the best drinks we have ever had.Our waiter, Josh Porvin, did an excellent job keeping our drinks coming and the timing for the entire meal was great!We ordered the crab and shrimp potsickers for an appetizer.  The sauce they were served in was excellent, and they were just very tasty.For our main course we followed the advice of many yelpers before and ordered the stuffed jumbo shrimp.  These shrimp were some of the largest we had ever seen.  Each bite was so rich and delicious.  The bacon was crisp and goat cheese was creamy.  What else can you ask for?  In addition to the entree, which we shared, we ordered a side of the crab fried rice.  Talk about delicious.  Josh recommended it when we couldn't decide what side dish we wanted and he didn't steer us wrong.Over all this was the best meal of our entire trip to Arizona.  The service was fantastic and food was flawless.  If you go to Wildfish ask for Josh Porvin- he'll hook you up!
4	We had a large group dinner here for work. The staff was super nice and very attentive. We had a set menu/price arrangement to make it easier to serve our group. The selections were not disappointing.The shrimp and crab cake appetizer were excellent. The shrimp has a spicy punch and the vegetables underneath were untouched... I grabbed them and they were awesome! Crab cakes were meaty and flavorful. I had a petite fillet, which was cooked perfectly and seasoned perfectly. It was a great steak. The brined and roasted chicken was also tasty, but you have to like the saltiness of a brined meat. I recommend a bland side item to take up some of the salt.The sides of sugar snap peas and loaded mashers were both very good.Finally, the creme brulee was for REAL. Real vanilla beans, perfect caramel sugar crust, perfect texture and taste of the custard. Really good eats. They also had a decent wine list... never a bad thing!
4	Food was excellent.  Waiter was very helpful with reccomendations.  Calamari app was good but much spicier than I thought (and I love spicy!)  We were heare on vacation so brought our toddler with us and it wasn't a great atmosphere / speed for him.  We didn't get to enjoy the meal/dining experience as much as we would have liked, but not any fault of the staff or restaurant.  Would love to go back for a nice adult dinner out :)
4	Ahh, springtime on a patio for Malibu Rum Barbie. But somehow, I just can't escape being right up at the bar in this darkened cave :) The bartenders are generous with the pours... although the happy hour drink specials are already quite decent. Appetizers are priced very nicely. My friend had oysters for less than a buck each. I couldn't eat them. Too slimy for me but he said they were absolutely delicious. I prefer the beef on the hot stone and it's done medium rare, of course. The shrimp cocktail is good. All in all, they do a nice job on the both presentation and taste. The only thing I've had at Wildfish that doesn't quite live up to my standards is the bisque. After living in San Fran and eating down at the pier... what can I say?? I'm a bisque snob :) Good job to Wildfish and their staff. Always a very enjoyable place to visit!!
4	It was St. Patrick's Day, and I was looking for a non-festive bar or restaurant, one that wouldn't be packed with the drunk noisies. I know, I know, I'm a total party pooper... hey, I'm not arguing with you. So our first stop was the Roaring Fork. I was going to get my St. Patty's green on with some green chili mac & cheese. Unfortunately, the happy hour areas were stuffed to the gills, so off we went to Fashion Square.We were headed towards Kona until we saw the over-flowing patio, and decided that happy hour wasn't going to be so happy there either, so we opted for Wildfish instead. I've never been to Wildfish, so I was looking forward to trying a new place.We were able to get a table right away in the bar and their happy hour specials looked pretty good. $5 cocktails and $4 off all appetizers. I ordered the pomegranate pink grapefruit margarita. It came on the rocks without any salt or sugar, and was yum-mee! We also split the shrimp pot stickers and the calamari. The pot stickers were pretty great, with a good amount of shrimp in each one. The calamari was also really good. They're served with red peppers and peanuts, with a spicy sauce drizzled on top. By the time we left, I was stuffed and happy and only paid $26 + tip. The service was great and efficient, and they have a pretty good sized menu. The patio looked really great too- I'd love to eat outside next time I'm in for a non-happy hour meal.
4	Went there tonight with some friends , had the AMAZING Seared Ahi Steak Tuna.. & Mashed Potatoes that come with it, really really good!
5	so there's a ton of reviews here, what am i going to say that's new? we were on a social event and had already eaten, so we only had desert and it was awesomely decadent and rich!!!! we looked at the happy hour menu and apparently it is fabulous!
5	If you are a seafood lover, you simply must try Wildfish in Scottsdale. I was an Eddie V's fan before discovering Wildfish (still a fan), and I was thrilled to find another Arizona seafood restaurant that gets it right. I'll cut right to the best part - the Hong Kong style sea bass cannot be missed. I have dreams about this meal, it's that amazing. First, the fish is gorgeous. I've never seen a piece of fish so white and beautiful, I gasped when I lifted off the Asian-style plate cover and found such a sight. Next, the sea bass rests in a savory pool of soy and sherry broth that so perfectly compliments the fish's delicate and juicy texture that it seems almost too good to be true. I had this the first time on new years eve 2009. When I'm at Wildfish for dinner now, it's the only thing I order. Everything else is, of course, delicious, but the Hong Kong sea bass just can't be topped.If you're stopping by Wildfish for lighter fare, make sure you're there during happy hour. I would venture to say that Wildfish has one of the best happy hours in the city, based on drink prices and food price and quality. Here are a few gems from the appetizer menu (I've tried them all):- Chilled avocado and crab cocktail- Spicy shrimp and crab potstickers (another amazing broth moment)- Wildfish chopped saladOrder a few apps to share at happy hour and you're sure to have a great experience! If you're in the mood for something sweet to drink, give the blood orange margarita a shot!
5	Incredible. On a Friday night with no reservation, they accommodated my wife and I. The food was just exquisite. I had oysters, and my wife had the crab cake. She said it was the best crab cake she has ever had. For the main I had the Chilean Sea Bass in a lemon-white wine broth that just melted in your mouth. My wife had the Georges Banks Scallops, and she said were very good. The BEST though, was the side dish that the waitress recommended with my sea bass - sugar snap pees. I never would have thought to order this, but she highly recommended. Both my wife and I thought this side dish was amazing. Prepared in butter, and served crisp, these had a really nice spice that kicked in very subtle. Overall excellent, and would go back anytime.
3	I came here for the first time when I took my family visiting from KS here for my ASU graduation.  I thought the seafood was pretty good but there is definitely a few better places in the valley.  My family was really impressed with it though. I'm not sure if its because seafood restaurants are scarce in KS or if they really just loved it that much. I liked the dim lighting but the tables were really close together.  We had to wait awkwardly for a few minutes when we were trying to leave because we were blocked in by the trays of another table's food being delivered. Also I'm not sure where our server was from but his accent was really thick and it was really difficult to understand anything he said. Made it a little difficult to find out the specials. Overall I did enjoy it tho. I'd love to come back and try their happy hour. I hear its pretty good
4	This is a lovely but pricey restaurant.  I came here about a week ago for the first time for a family dinner and they offered a 3 course fixed price menu for $25, which is a very good deal (considering if you ordered from the regular menu, one entree can cost you $25).  I started off with the salad with apples and walnuts.  The apples were slide VERY thinly and laid out beautifully in a fan-like shape.  The salad was fresh and the walnut provided a nice crunch.  There were also some sort of dried fruit in there which was a sweet surprise.  I had the halibut for my entree, but I wasn't very hungry so I didn't touch much of it.  My mom had the Hong Kong style sea bass, which was MUCH better than my halibut.  Her sea bass had this silky texture, almost like tofu, and the light sauce provided just the right amount of flavoring for the fish.  We finished off splitting a creme brulee, which was probably one of the best I've ever tried.  I'm not a huge fan of the hard candied layer on the top, but what was underneath had this nice dense texture and was just the right amount of creaminess.One dish that is the highlight of our meal was the crab fried rice.  It was SOOO delicious, even better than the awesome sea bass.  We all found ourselves continuously reaching for the fried rice despite the fact that none of us had finished our actual entrees.  We loved it so much that we decided to order another to take home, and it still tasted great the second day.One complaint: I barely touched my halibut that night and asked the waiter to wrap it up for me.  My fish came with a bed of rice and sauce and a bit of veggies, but when I got home and took out the fish, it was JUST THE FISH.  I was very upset, because without the sauce and the rice, how am I supposed to enjoy the whole dish? The fish would taste very dry.  And also I had paid for the whole thing, he had no right to throw part of my dinner away! So make sure when you ask for something to go, double check with them that they actually wrapped the WHOLE THING up for you.Long review short: Get the crab fried rice.  Make sure you get your whole dish to go.
3	Took my wife for her birthday and practically drained our savings account to fill up on food. I will say this: though its expensive, it's some of the freshest fish in the valley!
5	What a great Happy Hour!We stopped in at 5 on a Friday and it was jammed.  The hostesses were very gracious and gave us a nice table since the bar was jammed. The crowd was loud, stylish and very friendly.We ordered four appetizers, all of which were excellent.  The two most noteworthy were the crab cake which was both huge and just incredibly delicious and an unbelievable steal at $6.00 and the chopped salad that was so big the waiter had to split it onto two plates.  Again, about $6.00. We had some ahi sashimi thing that was very nice and a shrimp cocktail that was the least impressive of the lot.  The drinks were excellent and the service was outstanding : professional, quick and very friendly.Very nice selection of wines by the glass too.We rolled out of there stuffed and very satisfied with the entire experience.  Can't wait to go back for dinner.  Highly recommended!
5	Love it! Good service and great food! The ambiance is outstanding!
5	I'm not sure if it was because I was on a stay-cation spa weekend with my best friend, or because our waiter, Eric, was tall, cute and charming, or because I devoured the delicious mussels and sauvignon blanc I had, but I'm pretty confident in saying my dining experience at Wildfish was fantastic.I had originally been to Wildfish for a Yelp event last fall and had some samples of their fantastic menu items. After that event, I had promised myself that I'd make another trip to eat there soon, and since my friend and I were staying nearby, I thought this would be the perfect place to start off our spa weekend. We had reservations, so we were seated promptly.  Had I know about their summer happy hour special, I may have forgone the reservations and just waited to be seated in the patio or bar area.  No worries though, they had a great special three course menu option for only $25. I was all set to order from that, until I spied the mussels on the menu. I'm not a big seafood eater, but I've had really good mussels before, and I just knew that I wouldn't be disappointed by them here. And, of course, I was right!  They were tender and juicy and the broth was savory (just thinking about it now makes my mouth water) and extremely flavorful. To add to the culinary party in my mouth, we also ordered their Parmesan and truffle french fries. All I can really say is, they were tre magnifique!I'm happy to say that my experience at Wildfish was just what I had hoped for. It was a great way to start off my mini vacation and to enjoy a fantastic meal with great company in cool and casual surroundings.
4	First stop back to the Wildfish since the Elite party, thanks again Gabi we will miss you! It was a good as I remembered. We sat up at the bar for their much talked about happy hour. $5 glasses of wine (including Mark West - my fave!)$6 Svedka martinis$5-9 handful of appetizers We ordered the crab cake and tuna tartar.... both were amazing! The couple next to us had the shrimp and crab pot stickers and beyond them I saw the chop salad, I want to try those upon the next hh visit to Wildfish. The crab cake was to die for, large and perfectly crispy with a yummy ramoulade sauce on the side. The tuna tartar is mixed with mango and avocado and served with a couple think crackers. You can never go wrong with raw tuna!Two very enthusiastic thumbs up!
4	My absolute favorite thing about summer in Scottsdale is that restaurants and hotels get SUPER cheap and do every night happy hours. Literally, best Happy Hour in South Scottsdale, by far. I originally wanted to eat at Culinary Drop Out, but the line was long and I was STARVING. Went into Wildfish, because even though I had never eaten there, and was left without my Bible of Yelp, I took a chance since I had eaten at its North Scottsdale, Big Brother location, Eddie V's, dozens of times. The menu is very similar to Eddie V's, but I would say, a bit trendier. Me and my man had appetizers and I had a $5 Mojito, and it was delicious. I had ahi tuna tar tar, a green salad with shrimp, shrimp cocktail, and by far, the best calamari I had ever had. It was like, salty, sweet, crunchy, and had cashews on it. I couldn't tell if I was eating calamari, or a dessert! Go for Happy hour FOR SURE. Great atmosphere, too...
5	One of the best happy hour specials in the valley. I was amazed by the food, wanted to ask if they were kidding. $5 Martini? Sweet! $8 for Wagyu Beef on a hot stone? Ahi Tuna Tartare...beauty. Sadly, no gulf oysters for obvious reasons but everything else was amazing. There're doing the happy hour all night too,,,,I feel like a traitor but WOW
5	so we read in the paper about their labor day "buy one entree, get the second one free" and i guess so did several hundred other diners. we arrived, sans reservation and were told we wouldn't be seated until 9:30pm (it was 5:30 at the time). luckily, they offered the little sofa's out front and we were happy!very good food. actually, mine was very good. i chose the ahi tuna dish with wasabi mashed potatoes. the tuna could have been a bit more rare, but i thought it was delicious. my gal got the snapper and i tried it. not impressed...it was a tad dry. but this is my review, not hers!our appetizer of tuna "tartar" was tasty, but i wasn't used to the chopped up version. we tried our darndest to save room for dessert but it wasn't happening tonight. the margarita and mojito were very well mixed for us. all in all, a great experience and even better value. i'm surprised we don't go here more often....
4	Great food. Great happy hour food and drink specials. Like $5-$9 great appetizers and $5 Martini & Cosmo plus $6-$9 great selection of wines.
5	This is one of the most AMAZING seafood restaurants I've ever been to and I've been to a lot!  I am a seafood lover and was very pleasantly surprised at Wildfish.  I had the Chilean sea bass in a delicate garlic lemon butter sauce.  SOOOOO good-the best I've ever had by far.  The fish was cooked perfectly and the flavor of the sauce complimented it perfectly.  I also tried the scallops which were also seared perfectly.  The server was very knowledgeable and attentive.  The atmosphere is great.  I will definetly be returning.  There is so much more I want to try!
5	By far one of my favorite, go-to happy hour spots. The food is excellent (and the oysters are a steal), the drinks are a great deal and the atmosphere is just right - not too loud, always bustling, low lighting, not too stuffy/Scottsdale-ish. Honestly, it's my fall back place when I just don't feel like trying to come up with an idea for happy hour, it's consistently good and the deals are some of the best around. If you haven't been, you're missing the boat.Oh and if you like Wedge salads, you must try theirs...the dressing is...beyond. I've been dying to get the recipe for years now, if you manage to squeeze it out of someone, I'll be your best friend.
4	Finally made a reservation after months of wanting to try this place. Got there a little early and was seated right away (what a plus, rarely happens). Water came right away. Service was great and atmosphere was pleasant. I planned on spending 150-200(without tip) on this dinner..Boy did I walk away happy and a little heavy in the pocket book.Getting right to it, I ordered the broiled swordfish with truffle fries. My gf ordered scallops with macadamia nuts and citrus. We ordered a caesar salad, spinach sauteed in garlic and shallots, and truffle mac n cheese. Wow! Meals were surprisingly plentiful and looked great. My swordfish was excellent (firm yet succulent) and the fries were surprisingly good and plentiful. The scallops were good, I've had better but there were about 6/7 large sized which is unusual. The mac n cheese was so tasty (asiago, parm, w/truffles). Spinach was excellent. Well prepared not too garlicky or oniony(such words) idk...but nonetheless, great!I broke down and ordered dessert (the waiter advised us in the beginning that its takes 15 min). Came out on fire, literally..A pineapple upside down cake with rum (i think), whipped cream, and a divine caramel sauce! OMG..the other table was gawking over the setting. It was incredible, a must try! Overall, this was a great place. Unpretentious, elegant yet casual enough..I WILL be going back..Oh yeah, 100 bucks including two glasses of 7 Merlot that was easy on the palate!
5	High end EVERYTHING. Check out their happy hour for great wine and app prices. Servers are top notch and the ambiance is very inviting yet romantic. Follow them on facebook for random deals every now and then.
5	Yes, five stars!  First review and I thought I'd make it a good one.  From start to finish a fantastic experience.  The fish is *so* fresh and perfectly prepared.  My friend had a bone in filet - best steak we've ever had.  Just done to perfection.  The ambiance is nice - definitely upscale and vibrant.  And once it cools down a bit, I cannot wait for the patio to get going.  Great job Wildfish, I will definitely be back!
2	I had high hopes for this restaurant, but to be honest, it let me down.  The wild mushroom and goat cheese salad was phenomenal.  From there it was downhill.  Great ambiance, though I think they are trying too hard to be a steakhouse.  Most importantly though...  Given it is a seafood restaurant, they sure didn't know how to cook my fish.  It was fried and oily (and was not marketed that way on the menu!)  I wanted something light and left feeling like I ate a ton of bricks.  My friend's scallops - she said they were "okay" and not better than that.Oh, and the prices are set as if it were a steakhouse too. (Note: if it were, which it's not.)Mediocre at best.
4	Great place for seafood and fish lovers.  The crab cakes are to die for!The restaurant is beautiful and although it is quite a big place we did not find it too noisy.
4	The happy hour is great.half off appetizers and 5 dollar martinis? not only that but the service was amazing! My boyfriend and I ordered 5 appetizers between the two of us and the plates came out two at time. The minute we finished a batch, another 2 would come out in no time. My personal favorite was the crab cake.. and this is saying a lot since I live in Baltimore!The drinks for 5 bucks..WERE STRONG! and they were really a drink and a half. The waitress leaves the shaker with you so you can pour the rest into your glass as it empties. Also, the area around the place is great for walking around before or afterwards. Some cute boutiques and a wonderful plaza with waterfalls and a beautiful sunset.
4	I finally made it back to Wildfish for dinner. I would have given it a 5 star ratting if they hadn't taken my wine of the menu.... Yo! Person in charge of the wine, put Mark West back please! Went to dinner a few weeks ago, looking for some good seafood that wouldn't put me in the poor house, we choose well. The wine was decently priced, the wedge salad I started with was great (anything with bacon is great), the crab cake my date had was very good as well. Then we had the Salmon and parm-crusted Sol for dinner. I thought both were excellent. My sol was the top dish of the evening for sure, probably best fish I have ever had out. Try it! We were too full to try desert but they all sounded good. The service was very good; didn't linger too long and never had to seek him out. Two very enthusiastic thumbs up!
4	Prime aged steaks, fresh seafood, great service and great location in the Waterfront Scottsdale area.  Even had a call the day after from the restaurant to make sure everything was up to expectations.  First class.  It was a little more expensive than I was expecting though.  Not to say that it wasn't worth it but 1 app, 2 entrees, 3 glasses of wine, dessert = 150+ with tip.  Great food though.
3	Mediocre food and overall experience. Definately go for happy hour, 1/2 price menu, but that's about the only reason I go back now.
5	Friendly service, incredible crab cakes !!
5	Classy, sassy, with a dash of salt.  Wildfish is the place to be during happy hours.  Their appetizers are phenomenal and out of this world.  Fresh oysters, fried calamari and some wagyu beef.  Wag what!? Wagyu stupid - Wiki it!  Their selection of wine is always a delight and service is bolting fast.  I think it helps when they're all dressed like penguins; there's so many! - awwe so cute though :)  The ambience is so chill with a nice touch of a lounge.  Happy Hours all day Monday so push that "case of the Mundays" aside! - Enjoy
4	Great drink menu - my dad ordered a whiskey, and it came in a martini glass - wayyy to much but hey, it was Christmas Eve!  I ordered a glass of Prosecco, as I was in a festive mood. There were eight of us, so we covered a lot of the menu.  I shared a few dishes with my brothers girlfriend - started with the Hot Goat Cheese and Wild Mushroom Arugula salad - it was pretty big and the dressing was incredible.  Next we shared the Yellowtail sashimi - really fresh with red chile and a cilantro.  As the rest of the main dishes came out, we each had the Pacific Ahi Tartare with sliced avocado, citrus fruit, and toasted sesame crisps.  The server recommends mixing it all together, which he did for us.  This was a tad too much food, since we each got our own.  The desserts are baked to order!  We got the chocolate godiva lava cake which is one of the best I've ever had.  My uncle had the sorbet trio which was super fresh.  The only complaint we had was the lobster - it was raw!  My mom sent it back and it came out, she was very happy.
3	Appetizers galore...and all so, so good.  I'm sworn to the Ahi Tuna Tartar, which easily serves two. Probably 18 visits in the last six months, mostly during happy hour.PROS:  Appetizers.  Staff.  Staff uniforms.  Lighting.  Drink selection.  Menu diversity.  LOCATION = the BOMB!  Vast majority of entrees dependably excellent.CONS:  Not exactly dirt cheap.  Some of the big ticket, prime items have disappointed me (Chilean Sea Bass wasn't that great, I even questioned its authenticity), but I still tend to order with confidence.  Perhaps a bit too much "corporate" design in both the menu and interior - sure, it was well thought out and very well executed (you don't get to park your restaurant in the Waterfront otherwise!)  The question is....where's the creativity, the uniqueness?
5	Nothing bad to say about this place. Superfast, friendly staff, great Tuna Tartare, Calamari, and the Bone-in Ribeye was cooked to perfection! They went the extra mile on a busy holiday to make us feel special.
4	Had dinner here on a Thur night (02/17/11) and the place was very busy.  Our wait staff were excellent, the food was good, served hot, and cooked perfectly.  I would definitely recommend this restaurant!The sides are served family style and were delicious.  With a couple of glasses of wine expect to pay around $50 per person.
4	We went to Wildfish for Valentine's Day...I was a little hesitant at first because for some reason I'd never heard anyone talk about it & I'm always a teeny bit wary of seafood restaurants anyway. I used to work in one...I think I'm scarred for life.I had no reason to worry here. I ate SO much here...& everything I put in my mouth was totally delicious.A manager started us off with a huge slice of cucumber topped with this delicious salmon stuff...as a welcome as first-timers in the restaurant. Now THAT is a way to get people coming back. That is huge for me. Such a nice surprise.We ordered a few sides as our appetizer. The boy got the truffle fries (we know how I feel about fries...I had to hold myself back). I ordered asparagus (perfectly cooked & just barely seasoned, I could eat that forever) & we split the truffled mac n cheese. OHHH. That stuff is so gosh darn good...I wanted a whole pot to myself. But we split it, so I didn't gain 5 pounds on the spot.Boytoy ordered the filet, oscar-style. They had to take it back for him to cook it a little more, but I think he just doesn't know what he likes. They were super nice & very fast bringing it back to him (with a little flashlight to check how well it was done!) He says it was one of the best steaks he has had in awhile. He also ordered a twice-baked potato with it that was just cheesy deliciousness. I ordered the ahi, because it seemed to be one of the more creatively prepared meals on the menu, & their ahi is wild...so I could eat it with a clear conscious (see below). The wasabi mashed potatoes that came with it made me laugh out loud. So good...who thought of that?! I just wish I had eaten less beforehand so I could have eaten more of my meal (seared rare fish isn't as good microwaved).My wine was good, our server was good...a little timid at times, but that was fine. We like to play around a little at dinner...I like a server who can hold their own, but all in all, a great special occasion dinner. It was a little pricey, but it's the Waterfront. ***DISCLAIMER: TREEHUGGER***I will say, they lost a star really only for having a selection of fish that was mostly on my ECO-WORST list! Fish is a tricky business lately. I will spare you the environmental lecture & just leave you with this: restaurants (especially in areas not close to the source) buy fish as cheaply as possible, which usually means fish that are dwindling in population (Chilean sea bass, etc) or collected in the wrong ways that kill other marine life or damage ecosystems (many kinds of tuna,etc). Just ask where your the fish you're ordering comes from. If the server doesn't know or obviously makes something up...you're in trouble anyway.
3	Sat at the bar because I didn't have a reservation and bartenders always know more about drink selections. Lemon Drop Martini was one of the best I've had. Tony is a good bartender and honest with his opinions.The food wasn't bad but I was slightly disappointed.They were out of pacific oysters (it happens but I was really looking forward to them)The Chop Salad was small considering the price and while it was good it wasn't something I'll ever get a craving for. Probably won't order again.The Calamari was good, I could go without all the garnishes that are there for presentation though. Beware there is an Asian inspired sauce that is drizzled over the calamari, it's pretty good but I would get it on the side. I had the roasted Seabass, it was good but bland. For a $34 entree I expect it to be great. If I ordered this again I would ask what the chef can do to inject some more flavor into this dish. Not sure if he/she is up to it.The crab stuffed shrimp is really good, but not that filling. The flavors in this dish are complex.
4	I was slightly disappointed by this place my first time. I went the next week for Happy Hour and it was great.Lemon Drop Martini for $5Calamari for $7Ahi Tuna Tar Tar for $8Gulf Oysters for $0.75 a pieceIt was Friday and the bar was packed but 2 friends and I squeezed into to one of the long cocktail tables and had a great time talking to a couple.
3	You know how everything is going great at a restaurant--the server is friendly, the food is pretty good--and then you have to send a piece of fish back to be cooked a bit more because it's the hugest and least cooked piece of sea bass you have ever sunk a fork into? And then everything takes a turn for the worse? Yep, that was our anniversary dinner at the Wildfish last night. We perhaps should have known it wasn't going to be amazing when the hostess asked us if we wanted a table or a booth, we said a booth, and we were promptly seated at a table--looking out on a number of booths that stayed empty throughout our visit.Our first visit to this place last year was a five star experience, and we couldn't wait to get back into town to experience it again. After the fish was sent back, our server, who had been friendly, talkative and engaging, was hardly seen from again--he went from an exuberant jumping wildfish on the line to a lifeless carp. Perhaps he thought that his tip was history and gave up. The manager had the starchness of a Las Vegas pit boss, and was the one who brought the twice-cooked fish back. He stood over my husband until he checked the fish--no pressure there--and although we think they tried their best, 20% of it was still undercooked. At least we were able to whittle away most of it. The part we were able to consume tasted good. However, at these prices we would expect flawlessness. My avocado and crab cocktail was delicious. I was not so enthralled by my crispy curried oysters. Also, up in Seattle a number of upscale restaurants are offering a modern version of the old favorite cocktail, the Sidecar, with fresh lemon juice and Metaxa, Greek brandy. Not in Scottsdale, apparently. Our server had to check with me on how a Sidecar is made, I mean, hello, what does the bartender do? Smartphone and/or cocktail recipe book anyone? The drink that appeared was pretty good overall, but not what I was hoping for. They did comp us an anniversary dessert, beautifully presented. That was yummy. They also get a lot of credit for having the class to serve filtered water in your water glass instead of the usual chlorinated tap water in the hope you'll pay extra for Pellegrino. We can really appreciate that! If only the server had been as classy. Great first time visit, but if we lived in town, we'd probably just hit the happy hour a couple of times a year.
5	5 StarsOne DishChilean Sea bass Steamed "Hong Kong Style" with Soy, Sherry and GingerThats it!
5	On behalf of all those practicing Catholics in search of cuisine options for meatless Fridays during lent, I thank you Wildfish for making it pretty darn easy! It's long overdue but I finally paid a visit to Wildfish last night. In the height of spring training madness and the thousands of additional desert guests presiding over our restaurants, I was happily pleased when I found out that Wildfish takes reservations! It was about 4:00 PM when I called and they had one time available; 8:00 PM. Sold! So at 8:00 PM sharp, we made our way to Wildfish. It was jam packed and lively with locals and tourists all enjoying some of the freshest seafood around. This place is called Wildfish, so you'd expect wild fish to be served....right? Well, you're in luck because they stay true to their name! The server informed us that they pick out the fish fresh off the docks and fly it in fresh on a daily basis. Nothing is frozen and everything is wild (not farm raised). The menu has pretty much every item in seafood format you can imagine: everything from Lobster tacos to crab stuffed shrimp. The menu is so detailed and everything sounds so good, it was actually really hard to make a decision! But, I went with the Lobster bisque to start and had Lobster tacos for my entree. We then ordered asparagus and seafood rice for the table to share. The second we sat down, they brought out thick and fresh bread and the type of bread you expect when you go to a seafood restaurant. They kept the drinks freshly refilled. The Lobster bisque came out in a hot metal kettle and when they placed the bowl in front of us, it was at that moment that they poured it in. This is an impressive way to serve bisque because it keeps it from getting cold from the time it goes from the kitchen to the table. The Lobster tacos were delicious and there was a good amount of Lobster in there. The tacos came with corn pico de gallo and fresh avocados with a tasty sauce included. The asparagus was a fresh veggie addition and the rice added the perfect twist to the meal. As I sat there enjoying my fresh fish, I almost felt like an ocean was just outside our doors (wishful thinking; I know). Before I go, I must mention dessert! Each dessert takes 20 minutes to prepare and we couldn't say no so we opted for the chocolate souffle. Delicious. Delectable. Devilish. That's all. So now that I have had the chance to finally try the seafood restaurant in my backyard, I come to the conclusion that you can in fact get quality and delicious seafood in the desert -- and in a great atmosphere too!
5	My boyfriend and I were a littler nervous about finding good fresh seafood in Arizona.  We were extremely surprised with Wildfish.  The service was amazing to start off with.  But their food and menu was fantastic.  Everything that our party of 6 ordered was exactly what we ordered, how we asked for it, and tasty.  I would recommend this place for anyone looking for fresh fish in Arizona!
5	Took our teenage boys after a round of golf. The hostess was very accommodating as we has no reservation.  Had parmesan crusted sole. Chilean sea bass, red snapper with lump crab and lemon sauce, and seared tuna.  All fish was fresh and cooked perfectly. We had the beet with walnut side dish, heirloom tomatoe salad and truffle fries. They have a great happy hour with apps and drink specials available only at the bar and would go back just for that .Great atmosphere with lots of outdoor seating.
4	This place is great! The atmosphere is classy and fun and the service was great. The bartender knew us by first name and even said bye to us as we left.The food was amazing as well. I split the calamari appetizer with a  friend and it was so good and such a huge portion that we didn't order anything else!A little pricey but totally worth it. Great for celebrating a special occasion, a romantic dinner or just wanting to dress up and go somewhere nice with friends
5	YUMMM YUMMM and yummm.... My boyfriend decided to take me to dinner and he was craving Wildfish.  I had yet to try it so we figured what the heck.  To start off we ordered the crap cake and a spicy tuna roll.  I'm telling you now I'd go back just for the appetizers - delish!  For our entrees we decided on the Sea Bass in a lemon cream sauce, a 10 ounce filet, the heirloom tomato salad, and crab rice to share.  I'm not one for red meat but the filet was by far one of the best I've ever had.  For dessert we had the pineapple upside down cake (they pour a shot of 151 on the top and light it on fire) - I mean redic.  Our servers were wonderful and very attentive.  All and all I didn't have one complaint.
4	I've been to Wildfish a dozen times in the past and it's just like the other Yelpers report: consistently good food, cute space, good service. What most recently impressed me, however, was their Happy Hour.Tired of happy hour spots in town that are done around 530-6pm before you even have a chance to get off work? Or, offer just a few things on the menu? Wildfish happy hour totally rocks it. They offer Happy Hour daily until 7pm, plenty of time for those folks who get off work late. And, both their drink and menu selection is varied. There are plenty of $5 wines on the menu and martinis to choose from too. It's nice to see a place not just offer one of a few drinks on their list.As far as appetizers go: crabcakes, calimari, shrimp, wedge salad, ahi tuna, lobster bisque-- they have plenty on the list! I'd definitely recommend the wedge salad (they can split it and it ends up being a total steal) and the crab cakes and lobster bisque are tasty as well. The crowd is a little on the older side (bar is packed with 60-year-old+ patrons) but other than that, Wildfish is definitely a good happy hour spot gem in Old Town Scottsdale.
4	Has a great Happy Hour 4:00 pm - 7:00 pm Tuesday - SaturdayAll Night Sunday & Monday. Wines and specialty cocktails are all $5 and appetizers ranges from $5-$9. I have tried all of their Happy Hour food and it is all excellent. The food is always excellent and a very attentive, friendly staff. If you looking for fresh fish in Scottsdale at a great price, your search is over.
5	Oysters are to die for! We got half a dozen and loved them so much, we got another! Also, their yellowtail is so good! Their wine list is so large and has my favorite on there. I cannot wait to go again!
4	Went here for happy hour, and the appetizers (and quantity given) were great.  Quantity, quality, and reasonable prices---the triumvirate!
4	My husband and I celebrated a big anniversary out of town so we looked to Yelp to help find us a great place to celebrate.We decided on the Wildfish Seafood Grille. IT WAS GREAT!!We informed the hostess it was our anniversary and we were seated at a table that had a place card congratulating us and a tabletop full of red roses. We were congratulated by every staff member that interacted with us including the bus boys.  Our server was attentive and more importantly knowledgeable about the food. The chef prepared a special sushi sampler for us to try on the house. All of these attention to details were much appreciated and I would guess that a relatively comparable experience would be given to you as a "normal" dinner.THE FOOD:I would give you the exact names of the menu items we had as well as the prices but THE WEBSITE IS TERRIBLE!! Please stop with the flash site and lack of menu, Eddie V's restaurant Inc.Anyways.... We started with a spicy tuna roll which was good, and well worth the price.For our entrees we had a Chilean Sea bass  baked in a white garlic sauce. For those conscious about over fishing this may not be the fish for you. I didn't realize until after dinner that the fish is labeled avoid for over fishing =( But for those who don't care, it was very tasty.My husband had Red Fish and he greatly enjoyed it. I'm sure the butter had nothing to do with it (Wink, wink).Together we shared a twice backed potato (small on the menu is more than enough for two.) The potato was heavenly whipped with butter & topped with cheese and bacon bits.... You can't beat that heart attack combo. The best part of the evening was the Upside Down Pineapple Cake. It was the best I have ever eaten. This is saying a lot coming from me.... I have lots of southern family members that can bake us out of a war.My husband usually hates Pineapple Cake so he opted for a chocolate cake. He tasted my cake after seeing it lite on fire by the waiter. Apparently a pyro will eat anything with flames. To his surprise he loved the Pineapple Upside Down Cake!!All in all the meal was amazing and I would recommend this seafood haven in the middle of the desert any time.
5	This is my favorite seafood place in Phoenix!!!! I have loved this place since it opened when I worked at Nordstrom years ago!  They have a great happy hour.  There are not many places that you can get a $5 cosmo, appletini, and lemon drop martinis...not many!!  They are not Grey Goose martini but they are delicious all the same!  They offer greta choices from their menu on their happy hour menu as well...of course they have a fabulous happy hour its because its the same owner as Roaring Fork and their happy hour is to die for...Anyways...their menu...The potstickers are just something different that you would not expect...and they are delicious!  I love the crab cake too!  A guilty pleasure is the bacon wrapped shrimp with goat cheese and the onion rings!! OMG!!  I cannot get enough of the lobster tacos too!!  I could just have the appetizers for dinner!  I do often!  Also, I love the Fuji Apple Salad because the candied walnuts just make you want more and more and more...the dressing just tops it all off...Now the entrees that I love are the Crab stuffed shrimp with the vinaigrette...It is FABULOUS!!  Of course...if you love lobster tail this is the place to get it!  You get two of them!  Now make sure that it is the right season because they are not cheap, but they are so worth it!The sides to get are the twice baked potatoes, truffled mac and cheese, and sauteed spinach!  They are fantastic!
4	I've been coming here since they opened up as the first restaurant at Scottsdale Waterfront.  Great seafood, steaks, cocktails and wine.Stopped by today for happy hour.  The calamari is awesome and you can't go wrong with the $5 glasses of wine.Nice decor and great service.  Patrick the bartender is fantastic!
4	I was looking for a nice place to take my girlfriend for her 28th birthday on April 25th. She loves seafood so after reading all the reviews about Wildfish I thought I would give it shot. The place is everything that people said in the other reviews. It is a pretty fancy place but not snooty. I would've gave this place 5 stars, but they didn't give my girlfriend the free sushi roll that I heard about. Even though there was a table right next to us also celebrating a birthday and she got it. But they did give my girlfriend a free desert. The food was some of the best seafood ive ever had in AZ. the bacon wrap shrimp we had for an appetizer exploded with flavor the moment it hits your tongue. I had the Louisiana red fish with a light chive butter sauce. The whole meal was just right, not heavy or oily at all. Had it with the mac & cheese truffle that also was really good. I had to growl at my girlfriend when she tried to sneak a bite. She had the crab stuff shrimp and a twice baked potato. She kept going on about how good it was. For desert we got the pineapple upside down cake everyone raved about. And it didn't disappoint. I let my girl take the first bite since she was the birthday girl and when she took that first bite. She made a orgasmic face that made me kind of jealous lol. But when I took a bite I knew why she made it lol. We will definitely be going back there in the future. Expect to pay about $50 minimum per person. And try to make alittle crumby mess on the table. The waiter has a little thing called a crumber that he uses to scrape up the crumbs. My girl and I got a laugh out of it. The only negative I would give would be that the waiters came by alittle too frequently for our taste that we didn't get a chance to really enjoy our dinner before they came around again and again. Shout out to the people next to us who also had a birthday that same day. And when they found out it was my girls birthday the whole table sang her happy birthday. Very nice of them to do that.
5	First time to try Wildfish. Very happy we did. Everything was excellent from the crab cake appetizer through the great entrees and finally the perfectly created sophisticated individually baked blackberry pie. Price is very reasonable give the outstanding quality. Went early 6pm to beat the crowd. Worked well. Reservations recommended
4	HHH! (Happy Hour Heaven!) Lots of different appitizers to choose from, ALL of them great. This is a packed place at night, inside and out. The outdoor patio is great for people and car watching. The calamarie was devine, crab cakes are a meal, oysters were oh oh good. Prices very cheap for the quantity and quality during happy hour. Love this fun hangout with a bunch of friends for drinks and eats. Very Scottsdale!
5	I love this place. I would give them 4.5 stars if avail due to the slightly high price....but it does not keep me from going there whenever I am in town, hence the 5 stars. I love their happy hour....The staff is really good and the ambiance is my style!
3	I went to this restaurant and I was not that impressed. I ordered the Chilean sea bass and it was quite bland! The happy hour isn't bad but they need to season their food a bit more!
1	So I've eaten at this restaurant before. However, the other night we had a guest in from out of town and an event earlier in the evening. So we booked a reservation at this restaurant, WHICH THEY CONFIRMED.When we walked into the restruant the place wasn't very busy and the greeter informed us that our reservation wasn't going to be honored, but, we were welcome to order a drink at the bar.  Because it was already after 9 at that point we had a difficult time finding a place that could accommodate us on such short notice. Interestingly we didn't even have the latest reserved seating they were offering, there was one or two even later. I eat out and entertain a lot for business and personal.  I rarely write totally negative reviews. But, Not honoring a reservation that a restaurant has not only taken but, have CONFIRMED just because the staff is lazy and wants to go home is completely unacceptable and shows a general lack of customer service and care for the client.I do agree with an earlier reviewer.. If you want seafood go to mccormicks and schmicks or for a more local flare, The Salt Cellar.
4	My wife and I have been dining at Wildfish for the past 8 years. We discovered their Happy Hour through friends and were blown away by the deals they were offering.  Back then, you could get a dozen large Louisiana oysters for only $6!  Incredible.  Unfortunately, those prices have gone up a bit but not much.  Their crab cake is one of the best.  My wife is from Maryland and still to this day says that it is the best crab cake she has ever had.  The calamari is also very good.  Eating there outside of Happy Hour can be a pit pricey, but if you have the cash, it is the best seafood restaurant in Scottsdale (or Phoenix for that matter).
1	OK, We've been here before, and the service was good, the food was good, but not the comfort food seafood that We have yet to find since Fosters closed it's doors.We ate at Wildfish last night, and what a nightmare. No special occasion, we are just dieting and go out once a week for a really good meal. We were seated promptly, as we had a reservation, but I had to make an 8:30 reservation and when we arrived, the place had a lot of empty space, so I think we could have come sooner.Our server was a nice guy, he brought us our drinks and with his good description of the Lobster dish, sold me on it. After about 20 min wait, he finally came back and took our order. Both Entrees we wanted were out, so we had do decide on something else. OK, it was late, so I can understand that.He notified us that there was only one serving of the Chilean Sea Bass, So I asked for that. He ran to the kitchen to reserve that, then promptly came back for our order. They serve it two ways. Roasted with a lemon sauce, and Hong Kong Soy Style. I ordered it Roasted. My wife ordered crab stuffed shrimp, and we ordered a side of Asparagus. After our Bisque, about 30 min later, out came the Sea Bass, incorrectly prepared HK style, and the stuffed shrimp. I told the food runner that it was the wrong dish, he said, OK, I'll fix that. I asked how they can fix it if that was the last sea bass they had?The Manager came out and apologized. Apparently they had more "in the back" What does that really mean anyway? It all comes from "the back." He was really a nice guy. 5 min later, the food came out, and the bass was correct, but my wife's entree was not really very hot. They should have left it for her to start. They also brought the wrong side. Really?Don't get me wrong, the food was really good, and I think the service snafu was just a comedy of errors, the Manager came out again and comp'd a very large portion of our meal. He really handled it as best he could, but what prompted me to write this is that a very similar mixup happened at the table next to us. They had the misfortune of having the most obnoxious loud talking server in the place. They had to re-order stuff that they were out of. Also, he played off bringing out the wrong steak as a good thing... Really?Bad service really kills an otherwise good restaurant, we have seen some with good food, but bad service, close their doors (Metro Brasserie, for instance) so I write this in hopes the wait staff of the world will pay attention and at least take this advice: WRITE EVERYTHING DOWN at the table, and pay attention to detail.
4	Love the happy hour here! Great drinks and good food choices. Lobster bisque is a favorite of ours. Get some nice warm bread with fresh butter to go with it and I could call that dinner.  Service was fast and friendly.
4	Yummy!!!   I've been at Scotsdale working on a project for the last 6 weeks and just discovered Wildfish on my last day. Food is yummy!  Being a pescatarian, I'm always looking for a great seafood restaurant.  Plus HH (Happy Hour) starts at 4-10PM Daily!!  Ordered:  Fannie Bay Oysters @ HH price, which came out to $18 for half a dozen. Sooo, silky yummy.  I chopped salad, with lobster, shrimp and avocados for just $12.  A perfect sizing plate if you're not too hungry and shrimp were jumbo size.  ** For all you spicy lovers, they actually have Siracha sauce available too.  Yay!If it wasn't for the scorching heat of AZ ( AZ=Surface of the Sun) I would consider moving here for a bit.  People are soooo friendly and willing to share their latest foodie discovery.
5	The food is simply delicious!   I've eaten at Wildfish twice and I've been extremely happy with my meals and the service.  Eventually, I hope to sample everything on the menu.  Until then, I will recommend what I've tried thus far:  the Cashew Calamari is to-die-for!  I don't think it gets any better than this.  I really could have skipped my entree and just feasted on this appetizer alone.  Maybe next time?  Not to be outdone, the Chilean sea bass was cooked perfectly.  I believe it was simmered in some sort of broth.  It was moist and flavorful and not at all salty (big plus).  Wildfish makes a crab fried rice that is divine.  I've also tried the Wildfish Chopped salad which comes with an assortment of crab, shrimp and yummy vegetables.  For dessert (yes, I broke down), I recommend the pineapple upsidedown cake.  Talk about reviving an old-school classic!  It was served with a butter pecan ice cream, as well as whipped cream.  Wonderful!Aside from the food, the service is always impeccable.  Both times I've visited, the general manager has made a point to stop by the table to ensure that everything is perfect.  The wait staff is attentive and helpful too, especially with questions about the extensive wine menu.
3	So after visiting the Sea Life Aquarium in Tempe, I suddenly had a  hankering for seafood ^_* haha well actually my bf made reservations on Opentable beforehand so it wasn't quite so sudden. So we had reservations for 7:15pm but we were a bit early and usually restaurants allow for early incomers to be seated but since they were quite busy we actually had to wait till 7:15pm..which is fine. The place looked like your usual seafood and grill restaurant..not much uniqueness in it's arrangement or setting...dimly lit with bar in the center, booth seating on the right and table seating on the left. Didn't really have much of a Seafood/Oceany feel to it but eh I guess I didn't expect it to be like Joe's Crab Shack or something. After-all  this is a "fancier" place. I thought the service from the hosts and our waitress was very friendly and great but on the other hand, the manager wasn't how I expect them to be. So there was this older Caucasian couple that was also waiting to be seated...and we were standing close to them...the manager walks by, smiles and welcomes them and tells them they'll be seated soon...I was thinking that we would get the same nice friendly greet and welcome from him but he didn't even smile or say hi. I felt offended because we were customers too...and shouldn't you greet your customers all the same way. Not only that but he walked passed us several times before we were seated without a greet or smile....I just felt very insulted. My bf and I look quite young and we are Asian....I'm not saying he's races but I did feel he was prejudice. -_-Well anyways on to the food.....the food was decent, nothing to really rave about...the half order of Louisiana Oysters were pretty good, my Louisiana Red Fish Filet Sauteed with Jonah Crab and Lemon Chive Butter Sauce was made very well...I specially like the crab and the Lemon chive butter sauce went very well with the fish. On the other hand my bf's Broiled Swordfish had a very strong oceany salt/fishy  taste..which some might not be fond of....and it wasn't served with any sauce. Although it did come with a side serving of Crab and Avocado Salad which was better tasting then the fish. The side order of Sugar Snap Peas was also somewhat of a disappointment since it too lack taste. Overall, I didn't really have a super spectacular dining experience at this restaurant. Hopefully the other locations of Wildfish Seafood Grille are much better. The bill came out to be around $80...seafood is expensive but I was also paying for quality of service, food and atmosphere of which I didn't feel like I got my bf's money's worth. =/
5	YUM.I LOVE coming here for dinner.  The food is always superb.  I think it's amazing that we have such a great seafood place in the middle of the desert.  First off, the service here is first class.  They know what they are talking about if they recommend you something and are always incredibly polite and respectful.  I have found one of my all time favorite dishes at this restaurant and hardly ever order anything different when i'm here, it's the Hong Kong style Seabass.  It's delicious and always perfectly cooked.  Pair it with a side of the crab fried rice too.  I've sampled quite a few other things as well and everything is always perfectly done.  If you like seafood, you'll like coming here.  and save room for desert!  they always have really good ones.
5	so we returned tonight for the annual "buy one entree, get the second free" labor day special, except this time, we made reservations. i had the seared redfish which was absolutely delicious....so buttery, flakey, and crispy. side of snap peas which looked like they'd just been picked and glazed were totally sweet and crunchy and delicious. also a side of the truffled mac-n-cheese: rich and creamy, earthy and filing. my gal had the swordfish and the little 'salad' that comes with it made it a salty/sweet delectable meal. my apple and walnut salad was good....i only ate half mine to save room for dessert- the p-butter and chocolate smore....hot damn. i love dessert.
5	I love this place! My girlfriend and I go here to celebrate special occasions and the staff is so friendly. We sat at the bar last time and the bartender Jesse was so great. The happy hour menu was amazing too. $5 Mark West Pinot Noir! The manager was super friendly and came over to make sure we were doing okay. Great experience! Definitely recommend the calamari too!
2	The host staff and phone staff were so-so.  I recently organized a large family get-together and the other places we contacted in this range have such better customer service.  It seems as if Wildfish hires impish, primping high-school girls to answer the phone.  Not acceptable when their competitors in the seafood space all provide far superior service...  Ocean Prime, McCormick and Schmick's, etc.
4	this is my go to spot  on Sunday nights when i just want conversation time with my close gfs and to satisfy my appletini cravings. Prior to Wildfish my past experiences with appletinis have not been satisfactory. Depending on where I get them, they come out too strong, too sweet, or too sour. Not sure the name of the bartender at Wildfish but her appletinis are DELICIOUS! Oh, I forgot to mention I come on Sundays because they have all night happy hour in the bar area where some of the appetizers are discounted as well as some signature cocktails. I've had the calamari numerous times and it's delish! the crunchy asian rice noodle that's sprinkled on the large serving of calamari makes this app so worth it! and, their truffle mac and cheese (small serving's $5) is so spoon licking good! I've had good times with friends, good and attentive service and the discounted appletinis at $5 apiece during hh is worth the visit. so stop by!
2	My boyfriend and I decided to try something different and have a nice romantic dinner, we came in on a Tuesday night. However, at first greeting, the hostess was the RUDEST and most ARROGANT girl I've ever encountered. Now, I travel a lot for work and eat at many restaurants (all flavors, sizes, etc) and I have never been greeted the way we were (which was like trash). We walked up and she stared at us with a blank expression on her face, like we were bothering her while she was standing around not doing a thing, she still never greeted us. Finally after what felt like way too long, my boyfriend looks at her and says "two please". She asks if we have reservations, we say no, she proceeds to become even more annoyed, rolls her eyes and then grabs two menus (doing whatever she can to not make eye contact) and has someone lead us to our table. We were in SHOCK, this is supposed to be a 'classy' place. I'm a business professional in sales and so is my boyfriend. I couldnt believe that the first person to greet you at a restaurant happens to be the most unpleasant person. I'd rethink hiring someone with some better customer service skills and lack of attitude. Now that I got that one out of the way...(which I still cant believe). Our waitress Talia was a GODSEND!!! She was pleasant, engaging, extremely attentive, went way out of her way and made our dining experience excellent. So thank you Talia for turning the night around...amazing service, great food, HORRBILE hostess, nice atmosphere.
4	Great service, above average food.  Definitely a dinner atmosphere more that the bar/restaurant scene.
5	LOVE THE FOOD the redfish was AMAZING!!!  The pineapple upside down cake is heavenly......wish the prices were a little more reasonable.
4	Good experience. Sat at the bar during the day. Ordered wine and some appetizers. Service was good and attentive. I want to have the dinner experience next!
4	If I could eat seafood every day for the rest of my life I would die happy, so I am always looking for new seafood places to try.  Being a landlocked desert state known for their Mexican food it is hard to find a seafood place that I am able to find the courage to try.  The crab cakes were outstanding and the ambience just added to the experience.I had the Ahi tuna which was good and my girlfriend had the swordfish which was great!  The place is in a hip area of Scottsdale and the only negative part of the evening was when the Manager came up to greet us at our table I found out it was my girlfriend's ex boyfriend.  Probably wont go on any more dates there but definitely want to go back and try happy hour...maybe with my brother.
5	This place has a great Happy Hour!! 4-7 each day and 4- close on Sunday and Mondays!!! The food is great and the bar is lively during HH. It's hard to go wrong here with anything...
4	When Eddie V's closed its Market Street location, the lady on the phone suggested we go to WIldfish, saying there was some direct relation between the two. I don't know what the relationship is, but I think it's like one of those cousins you've never met...know nothing about...but your mom told you if you were going to be in Cleveland for the weekend, to stop in and say hi.We did and couldn't believe the difference between the two restaurants.While both modern with lavish decor, one is great, the other, so-so.I'm talking about Wildfish.This is the relative that had I met earlier in life, I would have scoured Ancestry.com to learn how far removed she was and if from our resulting marriage, our kids would grow to become cretinous jackals. I fell in love.With the server, who was dressed in a white tuxedo designed by 18th century King Leopold.With the food and the portion sizes, which I had to switch over from hunger to sport eating midway through the meal.And the dessert.The dessert. Who makes pinapple upside-down cake these days besides that one older aunt of yours...the one who smells like a vagrant?The pastry chef, that's who.This dessert is so sumptuous, you'll guard it like it was enriched plutonium, and your date was really the Russian chick from Bullwinkle trying to steal it out from underneath you.My advice?Order two of these. One for Natasha, and the other so you don't have to keep a furtive eye on her fork.
4	We had a fantastic dinner here. It was our first time and wanted to try everything so we sampled...-crab cake appetizer-caesar and wedge salad- hong king style sea bass- bbq trout- crab fried rice- asparagus- truffled mac and cheeseThe crab cake was more meat than filler. The crab in it tasted very fresh and the outside had a fantastic pan fried crunch. The salads were bigger than indicated by the waiter, we could have easily split one. The caesar had house made dressing and the leaves were fresh. The wedge was also perfectly crisp and covered in strong, delicious maytag blue cheese.My husband absolutely loved his trout. The skin was perfectly crisp, the fish still moist and very flavorful. My hong kong sea bass was divine....a large piece of perfectly cooked bass in a light soy sauce served with ginger. I was surprised at how large both the portions were. I was expecting smaller considering we were in north scottsdale and this place isnt super cheap.The sides were epic. I LOVE that they have the option to order a smaller sized side. I don't think I have ever had fried rice that good. The mac and cheese was creamy, the topping not drying it out. The asparagus was not overcooked. It was finished with a bit of sea salt and came with hollandaise saue. Everything was very flavorful. None of these dishes seemed to be treated as an afterthought...something thrown on the menu just because. I took one star off because I was not a fan of their bar menu. The wine list had mostly very high priced bottles, very few options for wine by the glass. I had a cocktail and it was just ok. The hostesses were a little vacant as well. Which I can never understand...you are a restaurant hostess. You are not above being nice or smiling at people coming to eat at the restaurant you work in. We did not try dessert due to how full we were. The food was flawless, waitstaff service outside the hostess struck that balance of present but not too present. We are planning to come back soon!
4	We went there to try 75 cents Texas Gulf Oysters during happy hour. They were very fresh and delicious, especially with fresh horse radish.  After having a dozen and half oysters, we ordered spicy calamari with mixed vegetable and Ahi tartare.    The calamari was very tasty and we liked it very much   However, the Ahi tartare was very bland and had no flavor. The bartenders were attentive and friendly.    We will definitely return for more oysters.
4	Really wanted the red fish again.....sad that it's off the menu!!! Also skip the chocolate godiva thing & strawberry mojito...
5	We went here during happy hour.  We had the cashew calamari and the Texas gulf oysters.  Loved the calamari!   Gently fried and seasoned.  Thank goodness the calamari wasn't fried to the point of hard and nonexistent.  The veggies in the rest of the dish were perfectly seasoned.  The gulf oysters were obviously fresh, and had three types of condiments, which truly added and not over-whelmed.   The Grey Goose drink on the happy hour menu was the best I've had.   Because the food and drinks and service were so fabulous, I suggested our next gal pal birthday party event be at Wildfish on the Waterfront.
4	Great Friday night dinner right at the mall. We had an eclectic choice of dishes: I chose the spicy tuna roll (good but not spectacular) and the pot stickers which were again, good but nothing to write home about. I added on a small order of crab fried rice which was unique and tasty. I loved the spicy kick that it had but my husband said it was too hot for him. My husband had lobster bisque with nice chunks of lobster which was excellent but very rich and therefore filling which meant he couldn't quite finish his trout (which was cooked to his specifications with lemon butter instead of barbecue sauce) and asparagus. Both of his dishes were good but the trout was just a hair undercooked (better than the reverse, for sure) and the asparagus was a bit tough one then ends. You got a lot of spears and a lot of rice in the small $5 side orders. The blackberry cobbler and pineapple upside down cake sounded so good but we had no room left for desert.   Overall, it was our best meal yet in the four that we have had on this trip so we plan to go back while we are here just to try those deserts. The $100 plus tip tab made it our most expensive meal so far but it included two glasses of good wine and it's the only place we really want to return to so I guess we got what we paid for. They have a large variety of menu selections and the service was classy and top notch.
4	Our group of 4 arrived without a reservation on Mar 16.  We were seated quickly in a booth in the bar area.  They were busy and the initial service was slow.  The decor was attractive and the noise level moderate.  Drinks were as ordered.  The menu featured seafood but there were plenty of non-seafood items.  The wine list was inclusive and prices were in the usual range.  We all had 2 courses.  The salads were good, several had the caesar and were impressed.  They used a baby romaine which seemed to give a better flavor.  In addition the dressing was clearly home made and more oily and not the usual bottled sauce.  One of our group had the fish taco as the main and felt that it was done extremely well.  Other main courses were the baramundi, scallops and shrimp stuffed with crab.  All were very tasty and artfully displayed.  The bill was in the usual range for this type of restaurant.  We would recommend and return to this restaurant.
4	Excellent food. Really terrific value. Drinks were excellent too.We sat near the bar so we did not get, maybe, the top service.The only reason I did not give 5 stars is that services was not over the top good. It was very good, but not prefect.Excellent restaurant. If I lived in Scottsdale, I would go all the time.
4	The food was very good and the service was exceptional.  I made an reservation for 830pm on a Friday night and was seated right on time.  The waiter was very knowledgeable about the menu including specials.  Seafood was very fresh and prepared to my specifications.  Finally, the waiter was attentive enough to make sure we had everything we needed but never pushy or overbearing.   I would go gack again and try eating in the outdoor area.  Fun place to visit if you are vacationing in Scottsdale.
3	Wasn't super impressed. The seafood was alright, but for the price I would expect it to be amazing. Wouldn't ever come back.
2	When we were there around Thanksgiving time we asked the front desk staff to recommend a place to eat nearby the hotel and they suggested this place.  The decor is charming and it went downhill from there.The hostess acted like she was doing us a favor leading us to our table.  The main server was short on attentiveness and personality but his assistant was a joy.  He made sure water glasses were filled and more bread was brought out when we asked for it and he always had a smile.  We saw him more than the main in white jacket server guy.  The food was no big deal for the price.  It was just adequate.  Where they totally dropped the ball was desert!  I ordered the warm pineapple upside down cake.  I assumed warm cake meant it was brought out to you warm.  Ummmmmmmm, no! It was cake that was brought out to the table and then presented flambe.Now flambe is one thing and I have no issues with it.  Having the dish placed in front of me, the server pouring the flammable liquid on it and splashing me with it and then lighting the thing in front of my OMG am I going to have a Michael Jackson hair on fire moment here - not cool!!!The pineapple on the cake melted so much that it was too gooey to chew and the taste of the rum was more than I could take.  Normally when something is presented flambe they pour the liquid and light the dish AWAY from you and the alcohol evaporates enough before you try and eat it.  I could only manage a couple of forkfuls before I shoved it away.  I contacted the management later and we had a nice discussion especially about how not to scare the *&^% out of a customer with flames.Would we go back to this place when we return to Arizona? How about no.
4	Delicious Chilean Sebass, excellent Mac n cheese, and a great wine selection but the service.... A little slow
5	We went with our two local friends who happened to think Wildfish is a good choice. We did not have any wine but the crab cake & calamari was excellent. The calamari was lightly breaded, tender and tasty. The steak was lightly seasoned with salt and grilled to perfection and the quality of meat is on par with that at Union Square Cafe in NYC or Prime 121 at Miami Beach. We had the Seabass served steam and pan fried, both were good choices. Overall, this Asian Fusion Restaurant got it right!
3	I have not been overly impressed with Wildfish either time I have been there. It is incredibly spendy and the atmosphere/food don't really justify the prices. Happy hour is decent, but good luck fighting the grey hairs for a spot at the bar. Last week I had a major craving for raw oysters, went to WF for happy hour where the oysters are only .75 a piece. Jesse the bartender is rad, but he shamefully explained they were out of oysters. WTF!!!!!!! I drove all the way from central Phoenix during rush hour to slurp down a dozen. How could they be out of all oysters at 5pm on a Monday!I'll probably go back because when they have them they are out of this world. Next time I'll have to call ahead to make sure they put a dozen aside for me.
5	We visit once a year from new york and look forward to eating here.  The scallops melt in your mouth.  The service is attentive and the whole experience is rewarding.
3	The fresh and attractive atmosphere caught our eye when we were out looking for a place to dine on our last night of vacation. Because there was a wait and we had no reservation, we ate at the bar.Service was excellent, informative and professional - everything you'd expect.Wedge salad was good, but could have used some freshly cracked pepper. Per the bartenders recommendation my boyfriend ordered the crab-stuffed shrimp. While I do believe it to be a normally good dish (otherwise why would he recommend it?), it came out cold and over-cooked. My special halibut (prepared the same as the scallops) was too buttery and too heavy for such a small/light dish. The side mac and cheese was creamy and delicious. We also ordered the brussel sprouts (another recommendation from the bartender) which come sauteed with bacon and shallots. This would have been the highlight of the meal except for one major problem: a raw shallot bulb must have found it's way into our final dish - and when I munched down on it, the explosion of raw onion taste completely took over the whole meal. It was all I could taste the rest of the time! Not even chocolate cake could shake my taste buds from the onion stench.What a shame - overall an underwhelming meal (except for the onion, of course). If I lived in Scottsdale I'd give Wildfish another shot - but I don't, so next time I'm in Arizona I'll probably be trying out a new restaurant.
4	Wow.  I came to Wildfish because of the rave happy hour reviews, but I didn't quite know what it was going to be like.  What I discovered is that it's not bar food happy hour...it's real items on their menu, at great prices.  I ordered the lobster bisque for $5 (DELICIOUS, came with chunks of lobster meat and they poured the soup into the bowl right at our table) and 3 oysters for $0.75 each (large oysters, great accompanying sauces, and beautiful presentation).  That was all I got, but would have definitely kept ordering if I was hungrier.  4 stars just for how great the happy hour menu was.  I'd love to come back and try their dinner sometime too!
5	I stopped by for dinner last night assuming I could eat a healthy dinner of fish and veggies but unfortunately all they have here is fish made with butter and sides that are not diet friendly. I settled on the Wildfish salad made with jonah crab, gulf shrimp, tomato, avocado, blue cheese and walnuts. $18 is steep for a salad but I enjoyed every bite. My friend ordered parmesan crusted sole. I took a bite and made a mental note to order it next time I dine at Wildfish. Service was fast and friendly. If you're looking for a nice seafood dinner I highly recommend Wildfish just make sure you're not counting calories!
5	After passing this place on recent visits to Culinary Dropout and Olive and Ivy, my girlfriend and I finally decided to give Wildfish a try in our efforts to collect the whole Waterfront set.  We arrived around 8:30 on a Saturday night with reservations made on Opentable and were seated immediately with our choice of table or booth.  My first impression of our corner booth was that it was a little TOO dark, but no big deal.  Our server arrived quickly, gave us a choice of waters (I went with the standard hydrogen dioxide), and proceeded to be very pleasant and helpful throughout the evening.  My gf had a glass of wine and we ordered the crabcake appetizer, to which our server replied "Good choice! That's my FAVORITE!"  For entrees, my gf went with scallops and I narrowed it down to swordfish or an Australian fish whose name i can't remember.  I asked the server for her recommendation, and she said the Aussie fish was her FAVORITE! (2 for 2).  My fish came topped with crabmeat, a rich buttery sauce, and sliced grapes. The acidity of the grapes provided a nice counterpoint to the sauce, just as our server had promised.  I also tried my gf's scallops and they were some of the best I've ever had.  She agreed, giving them a very slight edge over Olive & Ivy's.  For dessert, we decided to split a creme brulee, which, amazingly, was ALSO our server's FAVORITE!  Wow, 3 for 3!  What are the odds??  Okay, the first two I was willing to give her, but when EVERYTHING i ordered was her FAVORITE THING ON THE MENU it started to feel a little disingenuous.  Maybe tone it down a notch.  Still, I can't knock the service. She did a great job, and I'd rather have fake than surly any day.  For 1 app, 2 entrees, 1 glass of wine, and 1 dessert, our tab topped out at $90.  Not cheap, but definitely reasonable for fresh seafood in the middle of a DESERT.  Overall, good experience and I'd say 4.5 stars.  They get the lucky roundup to 5.
4	Went for Mother's Day Dinner and even with a reservation, waited about 20 minutes but the food was worth it.Appetizer - Grilled Calamari- so tender and juicy.  You can't get that kind of tender meat without the squid being very fresh.Clam Chowder - AwesomeEntree - Sea Bass with - the fish was very fresh and good but it was not memorable. - amazing.  the fish was a little flavorless but the spicy and rich broth made up for it. best sea in the west coast ....Dessert-  amazing  too
5	5 Stars for Happy hour!  They have a late night all summer happy hour menu which mimics the dinner menu. Jesse and Jamie are fantastic bartenders with A+ service!  Get the Crab cake, wedge, or seafood salad ti start, Everything is great here. Only downside is that this is not a place for eye candy so bring a chatty girlfriend or someone you can enjoy great food and convo with.  Definitely a place you can be comfortable sitting at the bar alone or with friends!
5	Awesome, excellent food. Been twice, great both times.Happy hour was great the first time. Table service the second time was phenomenal.I love, love the lobster bisque, truffle Mac and cheese and crab fried rice. I've had appetizer plates both times as entrees...lobster tacos first time- good. Calamari with a spicy ginger type sauce the second time...superbly tasty!During happy hour, sit at the bar to get the deal on drinks and a few appetizers. The lemon drops are really good. Oh and the birthday dessert selections are to die for. Love the pineapple upside down cake.
5	Don't you love it when you walk into a place, and the bar is situated so everyone can't help but notice the sudden burst of daylight, eclipsed by the shadowy figure that is you?The door closes behind you, they're still looking. What are they looking at you wonder. Didn't they have moms who taught them it wasn't polite to stare?Yet they do, and now you're uncomfortable. Mom always said the only reason people stare is if you're really attractive or really repulsive. Thanks mom...like that helps right now. You take a seat at the bar, order your drink, and begin to look around while settling in. And this is the point where you realize how you've just entered some sort of twilight zone where only beautiful people exist. Even the old people are beautiful. Two stars for the hostess not turning me away. This isn't the place for torn 501's, black Chuck Taylor's, and a t-shirt with 96 bold font reading  "Excuse me...you're standing on my penis."This is the place where people look as though they've just fallen out of a page from Marie Claire, or Esquire. Not Guns and Ammo.May I suggest the one-dollar oysters and several beers with which to wash the slimy shites down?I know, you hate oysters...right?  Me too. The oysters are necessary however in this situation, as they demonstrate your culinary prowess, negating your lack of fashion, raising you up a few pegs...going from classless mook to eccentric cool guy. And all for a buck each, go figure.The many, many beers provide goggles. Also needed to help gravitate your fellow pub-goers down a few pegs...to your level. At least in your mind anyway.Once the playing field is level, now you can strike up a conversation with Miss Thing who's seated next to you.I hope she can read my shirt.
5	4 guys hanging out for Tuesday Happy hour which to our great surprise was all night long!!! Service, food, prices, ambiance, and overall restaurant experience was fantastic!!! Would definately be back!!!
5	This review if for their happy hour because that's all that I've experienced.  Love that they have happy hour all night on Sundays and Mondays.  I live close by and used to frequent Wildfish often for happy hour.  I usually get the crab cake and lobster bisque.
4	Took my family here for Mother's Day and we were all pleasantly surprised. Didn't know much about this place initially, but it was great. We had the seared tuna to start with as well as the crab cake. The crab cake was memorable for sure. We all ordered an array of different seafood items off the menu. All of them were very delicious (especially my scallop dish). Our waiter was very friendly- if he was unable to answer one of our questions, he promptly found the answers for us. He had a good recommendation for a beer pairing as well as our meal choices. The ambiance is very nice. White table cloths and the waiters wear white suits. There aren't many seafood restaurants in this part of town (or the valley really), but this one is very good... if you can afford it :).
5	Went to happy hour after having gone there a few years ago and thought it was too expensive.  But the beauty of happy hour is that is reasonable.  We bought 3 dishes and only needed 2.  Whereas most places charge you $5 for some appretizer, it's usually small so you wind up buying more.  The Salt and Pepper Shrimp came with several large shrimp and was excellent!  The Pan Seared Tuna was also excellent.  Nice atmosphere, older crowd, great drinks, excellent wait staff, etc.  We'll be back.
5	My girlfriends and I happened upon this restaurant when we were in town for our annual spring training trip. We will def be back! Our friend is vegetarian and even though it doesn't have some veg options ont he menu, the hostess kindly told us that the kitchen was able to work with her and offer some vegetarian suggestions. Score!We all shared a mix of salads, pastas, appetizers and desserts... Seriously, we all fought over the last bites and we nearly licked the plates! Even the salad was amaze-innngg... It's tough to make an ordinary salad fantastically yummy and "new."Our waiter was incredible and very knowledgeable and the manager was just as kind when we told him how incredible the restaurant was.We were so pleased with our experience. We are def fans and will be back for another girls night dinner! :)
5	Excellent food,  large variety and great service.   Lobster broiled and.sweetened to perfection.  The molten choc filled cake was an awesome end to dinner.  Expensive,  but to be expected for having great seafood in middle of desert. There were two waiters for my family of 4 and the service was impeccable.  Very expensive, but if you want to eat something special, be treated special, and for special occasions, this is the place.
4	Great food very nice flavors. Great pineapple upside-down cake awesome. Raul is a top waiter took exceptional care of us.
5	Probably the best meal Ive had in a long time. The atmosphere was quite romantic (we were there for our 11th anniversary), service was outstanding and the food was awesome. We had the cheese appetizer, Heirloom tomato salad, lobster & shrimp bisque, ahi tuna steak and Gulf white shrimp with Jonah lump crab...plus the crab fried rice and the broccolini. Everything was amazing. We even received a complimentary dessert for or anniversary - we chose the pineapple upside-down cake and it was the best Ive ever had!
5	Excellent service and over the top food.  The manager stopped by to say hello.  Nice touch.  Gluten free friendly.  Eat here, you will love it!
5	BBQ salmon.. Even though the ocean is so far away, the ocean seems next door.  Great service.  Everyone seems like they are at the beach, even though the wait staff might be dressed as if they are in NYC, there is a sense of class.  Get the calamari!
5	Excellent place to dine in Scottsdale. We went there to celebrate my friend's birthday, after a recommendation by hotel and our shuttle driver. They both were right, best seafood in the city.
5	This is one of the few places in the Valley that our whole little family will ALWAYS agree upon to go to for dinner.   Our children are ages 9 and 16 so there's even great things for them to eat that the chef can make especially for the little one.  Our eldest usually just eats from the regular menu.  We have not had their sushi or oysters but have heard they are tasty.  Our faves from the apps menus are: the jumbo lump crab cake (that remoulade sauce is incredible)**this is a must try**, the point judith calamari (has an asian theme that will blow your tongue away), and crispy salt and pepper shrimp. Of the Second Courses, we have had the fabulous maine lobster and shrimp bisque**this is a must try**, the fuji apple salad, classic caesar salad, and the baby iceberg BLT.Ok as far as steaks and seafood go, we havw had so many, we would highly recommend most of them.  I personally really enjoy the swordfish and the chilean sea bass.  Of the beef, I recommend the filet mignon and ribeye.Now, the sides, the crab fried rice with mushrooms are the bomb! Truffled mac and cheese, parm and chive french fries and the sauteed spinach are also quite good.  Lastly, let's cove the service and ambiance.  Every time we've been to Wildfish everyone from the hostess, server, busser, to the bartender(s) have been excellent.  We have hardly ever had a wait.  The music is always nice and relaxing.You really can't go wrong with a romantic date night with your loved one, someone you're dating, your family, or a medium or large group.
5	Came here specifically in search of a good lobster tail and wasn't disappointed, but the highlight was my husband's steak au poivre with cracked black peppercorn cognac sauce! It was the best steak au poivre either of us have ever tasted, which is my husband's favorite we get all over town so we're becoming experts. I believe we also tried the truffled mac and cheese and a spicy ahi tuna roll which were very good! I would eat this stuff every day if it didn't cost an arm and a leg. We'll definitely be back.
5	A couple of weeks ago I had the most amazing dinner at Wildfish.  My apologies for not getting this review in sooner.  Staff - Raul our server was very nice and professional.  His knowledge of the menu was spot-on.  We noticed the chef speaking with all the waiters when we arrived this is a great detail for all restaurants to follow.  Enrique the chef knows what he is doing.  Every item we ordered was spot on (more on our food in a minute).    Our busboy Adam was also very professional and made sure our table was clean and plates taken away as we finished each course.  Even the GM Damon came to our table to see how things were going.  It is obvious he cares about the restaurant and it's customers.  I am very impressed with the staff!Atmosphere - Low lighting and relaxed.  Very clean restaurant.Food - DELICIOUS!  My significant other and I ordered many dishes.  The Lump Crab Cake was soooo good.  Unlike many other restaurants this was a true lump crab cake.  The remoulade sauce was perfect.  The caprese salad was created with  fresh ingredients.  I ordered the CHILEAN SEA BASS which was Pan roasted with lemon and garlic butter.  My sig. other ordered the Swordfish.  Both were cooked to perfection.  The pineapple upside down cake was also delicious.  I took home the truffle mac and cheese for lunch the next day.  All I can say was MMMMMMMMMMM!Cost - Our total bill was $150 plus tip.  To some this may sound expensive.  However, I encourage everyone to look again at everything ordered.  Price it out, and then include the cost of excellent service, not having to cook these items yourself, and definitely not having to clean up.  Keep in mind the degree of difficulty getting good quality seafood to the desert.  I left a generous tip as I feel the meal and experience of dining at this restaurant was definitely worth every single penny!Thank you Wildfish and all the staff for an excellent meal!  I will definitely see you again!
2	Ate at Wildfish this evening.  My wife had a really nice salad.  I ordered the fried oysters (good) and the Asian BBQ Salmon (sauce hid the taste of salmon completely.Service was very good.  Atmosphere was dark.Overall overpriced.
4	Great meal, love the twice baked potatoes.
5	WILDFISH is my favorite restaurant in ALL of Scottsdale. ((my best secret date place too, all you ladies out there ;-)) After my experience Saturday Night, I had to post a RAVE review. The food is PHENOMENAL and i mean ALL of it. Great atmosphere, I just love this place. For a Sat- i recommend calling in advance (480-944-4040) -get a reservation and ask for TONY's section. He really is very wine knowledgeable, pleasant and respectful. So is the entire staff, for that matter. I always feel like a V.I.P.I have to say, I love the Asian BBQ Salmon. It is truly an AMAZING gourmet dish for only $25!!! I always take my family and friends here when visiting from out of town because I want to experience the best overall dining experience while here in Scottsdale! We LOVE Wildfish!!!!
4	Great spot for seafood. The Wildfish Salad entree is unique and delicious
5	Okay being from Maryland and loving seafood I have been on the hunt for many many years in the Phoenix area for a great place for seafood.  My husband and I had a date night here this past weekend.  THEY DID NOT DISAPPOINT US!!!He had a 1/2 dozen oysters that were amazingly fresh, I had the crab cakes and let me tell you they are definetly my favorite from anywhere including back home in Maryland.  For our entree we decided to split the special of the evening a seafood trio and boy am I glad we did because the portions are big and considering I had to try the Crab n Lobster Bisque soup which I wish I had some right now.  Our side we choose the crab fried rice and my husband said to me on Sunday next time lets get an order of the rice to go.Desert well it was just down right sinful.Service was exceptional from the time I made the reservations to the end of our date.  Tony our server was very knowledgable, and friendly.  Must Must Try if you are in the area!!!!!
1	Only one star based on having to at least have one!Long wait for main courseAhi tuna was not good- fat strands throughout Sea bass too expensive for the dish - just averageWaiter recommended the pineapple upside down cake- worst desert we ever had!  Didn't taste like the desert we have had many times!  Saturated in brown sugar rich sauce.Will never go there again, we a recommendation from the Westin.  They will receive a review as well.
5	This place was great!!!  We went for our employee Christmas dinner and everyone loved it.  Our server Patrick was excellent, explained all of the specials and answered all of our questions about the menu without missing a beat.  Try whatever fresh oysters are on the menu, WOW!  As in other posts, be sure and get the crab fried rice as a side.  The truffled mac and cheese was out of this world as well.  I enjoyed the striped bass that was a special and tasted some from everyone's plates, I don't think you can go wrong with anything on the menu.  Very nice feeling in this place from the moment you walk in, perfect for a special evening or if you are just looking for GREAT seafood in AZ!
5	Not only does Wildfish has a really great happy hour, but they have the best crab cakes and lobster bisque I have had in Arizona. The seafood is very fresh and every dish I've had there has been excellent. The staff is also very nice as well as the management. I will be eating here for a long time to come!
3	Came here for our anniversary dinner. We were seated in the cutest booth with rose petals in a shape of a heart on the table. Super sweet!The food was good, service was good but the restaurant was DEAD! I was quite surprised. It was a Saturday night too.I loved the Heirloom Tomato Salad $13 (see pics), we ordered 2 sides the Sugar Snaps with Portabellas and since there were no mushrooms on the menu the server said he could get them for us as a side (we are both mushroom addicts!), my bf ordered some sort of fish but I can't remember. They sent a yummy chocolate dessert for our anniversary. The restaurant def has potential (great location too!) but just needs more of an atmosphere.
3	I use to love wild fish.. It has slipped a little. Ahi tuna was okay and my son wasn't crazy about the chicken.. One side came out very late. Will think twice before we go back.
5	As a Marylander myself, I must tell you that this is one of my top 5 favorite seafood restaurants ever (including places in MD).  I had the crab and lobster bisque that was too much for one to share but I had to take it back to my hotel with me.  It's been a while, but I believe I had salmon with shrimp and I a sweet potato.  Scrumptious!  I barely are the salmon, probably took a bite and ate a shrimp or two because I was so full from bisque.  Ask if I cared?  Nope!  Wrapped that sucker up too!Oh and let's not forget about the ambiance.. this place is gorgeous on the inside.  I'm so glad I had my work attire on because everyone else seemed to.  It was a Wednesday night by the way.  I'm going back to Phoenix in February had plan to do the same exact thing.  Shop across the street in that gorgeous mall and end my night with dinner and drinks at Wildfish :)
5	Stopped by for a light dinner and drinks on a Thursday night.   Seated immediately and served some warm bread.Drinks were great and didn't skimp on the alcohol.   We ordered a half dozen of the premium oysters and they were awesome.  Worth every penny.   The horseradish that came with them was really, really, really great.Had to try the lobster bisque based on other reviews.   It was very good.  Not the best I've had, but very creamy and filling.    Service was top notch.   Manager even stopped by to see how things were and chat.  I would eat here again without hesitation.
4	Great decor, food, drinks and staff.We started our dinner with oysters (all very good) and Crispy Salt and Pepper Shrimp (with Ginger, Red Chiles and Sugar Snap Peas) - so good!I can't remember what exactly we ordered, but it was all really good. My fiance & I had two different kinds of salads while his sister & her fiance had some kind of fish (also very good). The portions are bigger than what I had expected. I do remember ordering the Parmesan and Chives French Fries which I recommend ordering.
5	Went back for a happy hour anniversary celebration. Enjoyed 3 dozen fresh oysters, lobster & shrimp bisque, crabcakes and excellent, attentive service by Amanda! Dessert for special occasions is complimentary (good to know)! This is still one of our favorite places in Scottsdale.
5	Since visiting in late 2008 we have been here numerous times.  We just love it.We had a little birthday gathering for my hubby this past Saturday and our sever Charlie was on top of it.  He had some helpers as there was 16 of us but he was just fantastic!  I tried for the first time the Seared Ahi Tuna Steak and I think I will have dreams about it until I have the pleasure of visiting Wildfish again!
4	Everything was excellent. 12oz filet mignon was cooked perfectly medium rare and very flavorful, and the scallops were excellent. We had both soups as an appetizer and were delighted with each of them.
1	We went to wildfish last night for my husbands birthday with our two teenaged kids. The service was terrible. Although they kept coming to check on us - it took an hour for our food to arrive. One of our appetizers (Fuji salad) had chunks of ice In it. When we showed a server, he explained that they keep the plates in a freezer. Then with his bare hands he lifted the ice off, which them broke back into the salad. He continued to try to fish the ice out with his hands. He then took the plate away - Blech. The food was fair - I remember it being much better. One of the managers kept checking on us - but did nothing to make amends for the awful service.  Definitely wont be back.
4	Great place, sat at bar where they had happy hour specials on drinks and apps until 7:00.  Crab cake fantastic, but the swordfish was the best I've had!  Can't describe it...just go taste it.  Going back next time I am in town.
2	Normally a great place for seafood. Most recent dining was very ordinary as it took 3 times for the cook to get one of our meals correct. And that included manager intervention twice.
5	my father has been itching to pay for dinner for us since he arrived in town. so we finally let him by going to wildfish. we made reservations earlier in the week. our service was prompt, friendly, and gracious. he was so subtle, i barely noticed that our water glasses were constantly filled and our soiled plates were removed. i had the ahi tuna steak....simply grilled and it was delicious. my wifes swordfish was decadent as well. i also had the shrimp and lobster bisque, which only had 3 tiny bits of lobster but it was still rich and tasty. my father had the grouper and ate it up like it was his last meal on earth. i tried his twice baked potato but i'm not really a fan of baked potatoes in the first place. i ordered a side dish of asparagus. it was cooked al dente and was seasoned just right. it comes with hollandaise, but i asked for it on the side as i don't like it anyway. my wife's mushroom/arugula salad was crisp and delicious as well. it's a bit pricey but the food and service is wonderful. thanks dad for a fine dinner...overall 3 entrees, a salad, 2 sides, 4 drinks....with tip...just over 200 bucks.
5	Really Love this place. I have been coming here for 5 years now and have never reviewed it. $1 Gulf Oysters and $5 Svedka Martinis on Happy Hour. The Bone in Ribeye and Hong Kong Chilean Sea Bass are the best in town.
5	As my first experience at Wildfish I was completely blown away by the high-standards of service and amazing menu. We came with a party of 6 at 7:30 and were quickly sat in their spacious dining room within seconds... Everyone in our group was more than satisfied with the chicken, scallops, fish, and sides we shared. You can expect to pay a decent price for this type of meal but it still is on my mind a day after. Definitely worth a shot.
5	This was our third trip to Wildfish. Each time we've had good experiences. The service is always professional and top notch. I always say that really does make your experience dining out special. Anytime I'm out and having bad service, I always think to myself...damn, I could be eating at home. So thank you Wildfish!Their menu is full of amazing options and I have always found the fish cooked perfectly. The servers usually tell you how each fish is cooked, if you want it prepared more/less done such as with ahi, but I always leave it up to the chefs to prepare each fish at it's optimal "doneness".I never buy swordfish at home because of the sustainability issue, but um, it's delicious, so I did order it here and enjoyed every bite! My husbands ahi tuna was also amazing and his plate was so beautifully presented. Oh, and how could I forget about my mushroom and arugula salad? It was so tasty with warm goat cheese and sauteed mushrooms.......I could eat just a dinner version of that with a glass of wine and be happy!
5	Love, love, love this place.  I'm a regular here and go for thir excellent food and happy hour.  Lobster bisque for $6 and drinks or $5.   Service is excellent.  This place rocks!
4	This is not an easy review to write without confusing the reader but let's give it a whirl. We ordered a 1/2 dozen oyster, which were great, especially the atomic horseradish sauce. Also, order the shrimp and pork pot stickers, which were flavorful but had just a little too salt in the broth for my taste. Finally, for appetizer we got the Hawaiian hamachi, which was good but just a little too salty Ponzu sauce. Here is where it can get confusing. My wife order Florida Grouper and I got the scallop special, which was Nantucket scallops in a brown butter and almond sauce. What's confusing you say? They never came out. The G.M., Damon, came out and told us as honestly as he could that they forgot together the order out. Damon trade sure we got our entrees as expeditiously as he could and they were comped. The way my wife and I see it is that not ever meal will be perfect but if they make an attempt to rectify it that says something. We will return!PS. pineapple upside down cake is off the charts good!
5	Literally hours after my not-so-positive review of this establishment two years ago, I was contacted by a marketing representative of the company, who put me in direct contact with Damon, the GM of the Scottsdale location at which we had our unfortunate anniversary dinner. Not only did we speak at length about that what had occurred and he apologized profusely, he sent us a $50 gift card and told me to contact him next time we visited. To this day, it is by far the most amazing response I've ever had from a negative review. We were definitely going to give them another shot, they deserved it! However, the next time we visited was two years later--two weeks ago. (Yep, we still had the gift card.)Called the night before to confirm our reservation and asked if Damon would be around the following evening, a Monday. I was told it was his days off were on Mondays and Tuesdays. Which was fine, I didn't want to make a big deal about it anyway after two years. Surprisingly, when we arrived the next night, he was there! Greeted us by name. Made sure we were comfortable. Checked in on us a couple of times. Did the man come in on Monday night just for us? (Dressed to the nines, I might add.) Never did find out, but I would like to think so.We had a wonderful dinner outside on the front patio. Our server, Nico, a very nice young man, provided excellent service. Our appetizers and entrees were all seafood, which was ridiculously fresh. The sashimi and oysters were especially delicious. My martini was excellent. Can I just rave about the bread as well? Yum!It was a great night. All is forgiven, Damon & Wildfish Seafood Grille. Much appreciated, and you'll see us again!
4	Mom had a birthday and we wanted to give her a treat. Wildfish Seafood Grille is a pretty restaurant. Our waiter was a little stuffy regarding help with a wine for the table. So we Bitch- Slapped him and he fell into line. Appetizer: calamari very very good. Crab cake not so. Mom and Sis had the Wa Steelhead Trout they were ok with it. Bro had the steak and enjoyed it. Little sister had a good salad and I really enjoyed  Grouper. I think we all enjoyed the Mac and Cheese side. A very good restaurant and excellent place to take Mom for that special birthday occasion.
3	Great food and beverages, but indifferent service
4	We travel to Scottsdale once a year and always make a point at eating at the Wildfish Seafood Grille.  The food is delicious and the service is fine.  You will always find mixed reviews on service and food but for what is worth I would high suggest you give it a try. I give it a four star only because very few establishments are perfect.
4	Service was impeccable. Food was pretty good, not mind blowing. Nice place, liked the outdoor area. Maybe a little expensive, but well located. Probably wouldn't go back -- so many options in that area.
5	Very delicious!!!!!!! Love it! It's little pricey, but its worthy it! It's very romantic environment.
4	I came here on Valentine's Day evening with a couple of my colleagues because we were working in nearby Phoenix.  We arrived early, so we were politely offered seats at the bar while I table was being prepared.  Our waitress was awesome!  She was able to make some recommendations on the menu items and that was fantastic.  I had the George's bank scallops, while my coworkers had the Florida grouper and jumbo shrimp with lump crab.  We got the asparagus and truffle mac n cheese for our sides.  The scallops were perfectly cooked and seared on both sides, and the flavor was spot on!  The grouper was pretty good but nothing that I would consider outstanding.  The jumbo shrimp was amazing, stuffed heartily with chunks of lump crab.  All the seafood tasted really fresh!I will more than likely make this a "must visit" when I make it back to Scottsdale.
4	Excellent experience.  Heirloom tomatoes with buffalo mozzerella was delicious.  I kept soaking up the dressing with bread.  Ahi tuna steak was also very good.  Sat outside and people watched.  I'd go back if in Scottsdale again.
5	Excellent place!!! I took my mom here for her mother's day dinner and it was fancy/classy, but cool/casual at the same time. I made a reservation ahead of time, and when I got there the front hostess called me by name as well as my waiter like they were expecting me. It was super nice and made me and my mom feel special. The service was excellent! Our waiter Niko was attentive and polite. The food was amazing and cooked to perfection! We had the Seared Ahi Tuna with Soba Noodles, Wedge Salad with Bacon and Blue Cheese, the Halibut with Sweet Corn and Pork Chop, Crab Meat Fried Rice, and a glass of wine. Everything was perfect.
4	After four years of silence, the time has come for me to dust off the review writing pants and get down to business. That being said, Wildfish is quickly becoming one of my favorite restaurants in Scottsdale.The girlfriend and I came here last night with her parents for a Mother's Day dinner and everything was great. The hostess offered a rose to every Mom that came into the restaurant that night, which was a great touch. As far as the dinner was concerned, the food was fantastic.This is one of the best places in town to get oysters as they are always fresh, and the selection is constantly rotating. Once again, they did not disappoint. The entrees were highlighted by the Swordfish with red chile vinaigrette, New York Strip with black pepper sauce and my plate of Georges Bay Scallops that were seared to perfection, and topped with citrus juices and brown butter sauce. Two words - Damn. Good. The service was good and is typically very consistent in my experience. Attentive but not overbearing is always the key. All in all another solid dinner at Wildfish. Great seafood in Scottsdale is hard to come by and these guys nail it every time.Bonus: Happy hour here is awesome, $1 oysters...cant go wrong with that.
5	Went here for my first time tonight and am genuinely impressed! My husband and I sat at the bar and had some wine and appetizers and I will definately be back for more!The bartenders were nice, the food was great, and the atmosphere was awesome!There's nothing I like more than being served by people who genuinely seem to enjoy their jobs. The bartenders made great conversation, filled our drinks the second we needed more, and our food came out quickly! Kudos to wildfish you obviously take pride in your restaurant  and staff!
5	How have I not been frequenting this place all these years?!?!1.  I love happy hour2.  I love oysters3.  I LOVE lobster bisqueWildfish delivers on ALL three accounts.Now, there is a downside.  The average age of the clientele is probably ...60.But whatevs, my mom's gotta have some place to try and pick up a mans.
5	It was really good.  I went with the shellfish tower.  The oysters were really good and fresh.  I think they were Fanny Bay's and Gulf Coast.  I love shellfish and it is always fun to do something like this.
5	Went here for dinner a week ago.  Great atmosphere and food!  I had the Sea-bass and would highly recommend it! It was light, flaky, and very tasty.  Asked the waiter to make a wine pairing with the meal and he did an excellent job.I would recommend it - everything was top notch.
4	Fantastic happy hour drink prices. They have several cocktail and wines at $5 glass.  During happy hour they also have special prices on appetizers and the tuna tartar and the lobster bisque are worth ordering, though lots of the food is really good. In fact, I recommend that rather than ordering entrees, you just share a few appetizers. Also, they really try to be accommodating-I went with my little brother and he was a huge pain and did't want anything on the menu so the server offered have the kitchen make chicken fingers and fries, which are not even on the menu. I had a great experience and will likely be back the next time I visit Scottsdale.
3	This was our third visit so we are fans.  Our reservation was honored on time and we got the booth we requested.  We had a reasonably priced bottle of wine and the seafood was all very good. Our guests were impressed with the quality of food and service.  Prices were fair for our entres.  The only suggestion I have is for the restaurant pick up the valet charge as their sister restaurant does.
4	So, after my violently disappointing experience with the establishment next door my eyes immediately fell on this place. I would never have chosen this place myself, but in a dire need of a drink I walked in like a tenderfoot cowboy mistakenly draws attention through the saloon doors. I will keep it short and sweet. Service - fantastic. Clientele (even if the establishment isn't outmost responsible for this) - outstanding. Drinks - great. Atmosphere - cozy.I have almost no negatives at all. Well, since it is a seafood place there is a hint of shellfish smell in the whole place. Not enough for it to transfer to you as a patron, but it lingers.. and I assume it is to be expected... just not expected by me since I was a clueless walk-in..
4	Wildfish never lets us down. My husband and I have been here many times, one of our favorites in Scottsdale. Service is great, food is great and the vibe is relaxing. Come in for happy and take advantage of sampling a lot of their appetizers! Fresh seafood and always kicked up a notch! I have also been to the original Newport Beach, Ca location.....definitely prefer Scottsdale.
5	Update since my initial poor review:  Almost immediately after sharing my experience in a Yelp review I was contacted by the Director of Operations for Wildfish. During a phone conversation he sincerely apologized and was determined to invite us back for a meal on them. We accepted his offer but decided to try their sister restaurant nearby, Eddie V's. He gave me his cell number so he could personally make the reservation when we decided to dine there.     Everything about the meal was perfect from the service, to the drinks, and the food. Most importantly, the customer service I received was hands down the best ever! More companies/restaurants should take note and learn to appreciate their customers the way Wildfish and Eddie V's does..! Thanks Dave for making things right! Your dedication to the customers you serve is truly appreciated!
5	Oh my god.  We came for happy hour (also years ago for one of yelps best events ever) before a movie and enjoys platters of oysters.  Combined with a few vodka sodas I was very happy and full.  I definitely recommend everyone come and try this great place.
5	Truly outstanding food, unreal service and an awesome happy hour!! Will definitely be back again. Strong drinks, huge oysters, and awesome crab cakes. Highly recommend! Also, ask for Charles T--he's amazing!!
5	I went to this place as a treat for myself to celebrate a great money night at work... Here is what I had , 8ounce filet mignon roasted and sliced Oscar style with fresh crab and hollandaise Perception wine 2008 glass Crab fried rice with scallions and mushrooms Batter fried oysters with light curry cilantro and pickled cucumber .. 2 sea breezes it cost me 102$ total.. And I gotta say this is by far thee best meal I've ever had in my 37  years of life ( including moms cooking) the steak cut like a knife through butter , the flavors of everything were simply amazing and I would return again, I'm a cab driver and I tell EVERYONE who gets into cab for a visit to Phoenix/Scottsdale they should try this place .. 5 stars the service was impeccable and genuine .. Try it you won't be disappointed
4	We went for happy hour and I have to say I loved everything I got including the oysters and soft shell crab :) two thumbs up
2	Sadly, my experience at Wildfish this evening was extremely disappointing, due in large part to the total ineptitude of our waiter. He was well meaning and very pleasant (apologizing each time he messed up) but his lack of training was appalling. To specify: (1) he forgot to bring the wine we ordered, (2) forgot to order one of our side dishes so that it came a full ten minutes after our meal was served, and then (3), left the dirty dishes in front of us even while pouring our coffee. The food was fine, which is the only reason this received 2 stars rather than 1.  But it could not compensate for such bad service. It certainly wasn't worth the cost of this dinner.
4	Yep.. Yep. Yep.. Solid meal....Tried the ahi with noodles, both of the soups, the salad with crab and shrimp and of course the hot bread..All were very good.The mojitos were tasty as well.
3	Made the reservation online and was seated right away. Great menu and wine list. Unfortunately, when I asked our server for a recommendation on a nice Chardonnay, his reply was "I don't know, these wines are new". It truthfully caught me off guard. He couldn't even attempt to make up something haha. They have an extensive wine list and I would've liked to have a server whom was a bit more informed and took their job a little more seriously since I was spending $50 on a bottle.The 2010 Patz & Hall that I ended up choosing was quite nice. Nice balance. The crab cakes were good and then we ended up splitting the 'seafood tower' appetizer. The seafood was really fresh, the shrimp were large and tasty. It was a perfect appetizer for a larger party, but it was kind of overkill for just the two of us. Because of how much food it was, we didn't end up ordering an entree. The portion of the appitizer was clearly marked, so that was my fault :). Will be back to try an actual entree and am hoping to add stars to this review.
5	If someone would have told me that I would eat one of my best seafood meals in Phoenix, you'd be nuts. Well it has happened. The Chilean Sea Bass at Wildfish is exquisite.We loved the food so much, we actually came back a second night in a row to test out the happy hour (they have a bangin' HH) -- great bartenders too.Great date restaurant located in Scottsdale that has a low key/lounge ambiance. Just be careful with the valet service, don't use it if you don't need to. Parking is available right there or below in the garage. Valet will actually cost you an absurd amount when the sign says "complimentary valet". Even if valet is not on the house, it should be for an upscale restaurant like this.
5	Absolutely wonderful every time. My husband and I typically do HH, but went with friends for dinner in the dining room a couple of months ago and the food really is exquisite. Chopped salad, salt & pepper shrimp, crab cakes, lobster tacos and side mac and cheese are all to die for!! Service is always great and bartenders are super friendly and speedy. Shop til you drop then chow down on the best seafood in town, cheers!
5	Great Drinks, app, dinner and desert was lite on fire. They meet your full expectations here for a finer dinning experience. Trust me you are going to have a smooth sailing experience and it's a wonderful great night grabbing a seat outside.
5	My husband and I went here for our wedding anniversary. I let him choose the restaurant because I hadn't gotten him a gift and he did take me to the Josh Groban concert and dinner 3 nights before. I was initially disappointed because I am not fish person unless it is shellfish even though we had eaten here before and enjoyed it.  My disappointment went right out the window the moment we were seated.  They had asked when I made the reservations if it were a special occasion and I told them it was our anniversary. There was an anniversary card on the table with fresh rose petals strewn over the cloth. A real class act but it gets even better. We both had the Maine lobster and shrimp bisque - very smooth and rich in flavor. My husband had the Chilean Sea Bass which may make me say, I really do like fish other than shellfish. Cooked to perfection, generous portion and mild with a little crunch on the outside. I had the Jumbo white Gulf shrimp with Jonas crab meat which is where my problem came in because my palate does not tolerate pepper heat and generally I will ask even when something looks innocuous on the menu. I have had meals at other places where they decide to finish the dish with red pepper flakes and have ruined my whole meal since it is not mentioned anywhere.  Someone who likes heat would have loved it. When the waiter asked what we thought, I mentioned that I had made a big mistake and did I miss something on the menu. Apparently, it had some kind of chili oil on it.  I was not expecting anything, my bad, but the next thing we knew, the manager came over.  He offered to recook the meal without the oil but I had already eaten 3 shrimp and told him it was my bad, they could just wrap it and my hubby would eat the leftovers. Instead he said he would comp us a round of drinks.  Again, class act. In addition to the entrees, we ordered two small sides to split (plenty). We had spinach sauteed with garlic and Parmesan cheese plus the crab fried rice with scallions and mushrooms.  The rice was out of this world and the leftovers came home with the shrimp.They gave us a choice of complimentary dessert to share and we choose the molten lava cake with vanilla ice cream.  I quickly took my half of the ice cream before my husband took it all.  The cake was absolutely decadent, oozing rich chocolate.  It needed the ice cream to cut it so I am glad I took my 1/2 right away.Again, all in all great food and excellent customer service.  More places should follow this example.  The impression they left with us made me immediately say, "I am going to yelp them and give them a 5."  Kudos to you Wildfish!!!
3	The evening started out fine, we were surprised at the lack of attitude at the door, nice booth seats in the bar area so we may partake in happy hour.  Someone brought us some delicious warm bread within minutes with seasoned butter.  The butter could have been a little softer, but other than that we were very impressed so far.Then we sat there for about 15 min before the waitress came by to ask if anyone came and talked to us.  We said no, and she said she'll be right back.  Its fine, it was busy in there and she gets A for effort.We order the lobster and shrimp bisque and the crab and corn chowder.  The presentation was very cute, it comes in steel pots on warmed bowls.  Then the waiter pours out the soup into the bowl before leaving us.  Pretty cute, love the warmed plates.  The bisque was delicious, but slightly heavy with the cognac.  The chowder was surprisingly sweet which my friend didn't like but I thought it was fine.We also got the kung pao calamari.  Presentation was pretty grand, but upon further inspection the dish just did not work.  They had poured the sauce over the top so then you get soggy bits along with dry pieces of underseasoned calamari.  The sauce was great, but they used cashews instead of peanuts which did not help in this dish.  I think cashews have a place in milder sauces, but it just got lost in this kind of sauce.  I was very disappointed, although I would love the kung pao sauce recipe.  Maybe even if they had the sauce on the side it could've worked..We were also planning on getting some oysters but apparently they're out and won't have any for about another month.  Can't be helped, I'd rather not get them than get deathly ill from a restaurant trying too hard.Anyway, if the oysters don't work out once we do try them I will be dropping this rating to a 2, but I'm giving them the benefit of doubt.  Would definitely not recommend the kungpao calamari, but the soups were worthwhile.
4	My husband and I had an excellent meal and enjoyed our evening here. It was our first visit so we did not know what to expect but we were pleasantly surprised.  We split the calamari at the bar while we waited for our table. It was a huge serving, For dinner I had the seabass and he had the halibut. It was cooked perfectly and the portions were large. We split a twice baked potatoe and a side of asparagus which were very tasty. We had great service from the bar and dining room and can't wait to visit again.
5	Always great food and service!
4	Great service and food... Get the potstickers!
5	Some of the freshest seafood in the downtown scottsdale area. I would definitely stop here before the Art Walk on Thursday night, plus the ambiance is unbeatable for a date night restaurant.I don't like oysters, but however they were prepared here.. tasty! The calamari and jumbo shrimp cocktail.....great choices. The fresh baked bread here is too good to be true. I'm all about fresh bread and I must admit, I was full off the bread before most of the appetizers. hahahI really want to come back here for a full meal, I especially want to try the salmon special.Check out their happy hour! You'll be able to eat the most and save the most money that way. Its to die for.
1	Oops....had a discussion with our waiter, Ramon, about food allergies.  He assured us all would be fine,  halfway through the meal we discover the exact ingredient in the food.  The waiter never says sorryThe manager , Tommy Buck , shows up after a 5 minute wait and  demonstrates lack of experience.  He offers to comp the offending dish.  I ask him if he has any managerial experience as none is demonstrated.He gets very  defensive.This is a shame as the restaurant ambiance is nice and our first dish was excellent.   It is a shame that there is no longer adequate training in the service industry.
4	Had drinks and apps here while waiting for a table next door. It was my first time here and we saddled up to the bar for about an hour or so. I tried two drinks (side car and red dragon?) which were not my go-to drinks but I did enjoy them. For apps we shared the Point Judith calamari and a noodle dish with tuna (can't find it on the menu now). The calamari was probably the best I have ever tried - very spicy (I love spicy) and fresh tasting. I also enjoyed the noodle dish, though I wish it had been as hot as the plate it was served on. Although I'm not a huge seafood person, their menu is attractive enough that I would stop in again.
2	Good food. Obviously a great chef. I've been a couple times and have had different plates. All good. Good atmosphere. Have had some slow service but that's my only complain.Edit: I came back on a Saturday night at 7 pm requesting a table for 2. The hostess informed us that they would not be seating the second half of the restaurant til 8 and we could either wait 30 minutes for a table or come back at 8. From now on I will take my money to a restaurant that wants it.
5	I went here with my parents once.  They paid for it, so I'm not used to writing reviews on these kinds of places.  I got the swordfish steak, the lobster tacos, and the pineapple cake flaming thing for dessert.  Everything was spectacular.  I wish I could afford such amazing food all of the time, but one day... Until then, I'll have to wait until Giants Spring Training for my parents to get to Scottsdale to take me out here again.
5	We go here a lot for their incredible happy hour. And we drive 30 miles to get there, too - that's how much we like it! Awesome large martinis for $5, the happy hour menu has great selections. Get the happy hour salad and split it. It's more than enough for two. The oysters (big and extremely good!) are just one dollar during happy hour. A very classy Scottsdale restaurant. I probably been to this restaurant six times in the past few months - I've never been disappointed (except when they didn't have any $1 oysters).
4	Beautiful restaurant, and good staff make this place worthy of our repeat business.  Nice bar area, and good pours are a huge plus.  Seafood is very good, and they have a lot of nice booths for more intimate setting.  No blaring music to have to yell over is a huge plus.
3	We've celebrated our anniversary there for about 5 years. It started out with awesome food and service.  We always spend well over $200 and thought it was worth it the first few years. This last year was terrible. I get the lobster which was still good. My husband gets their biggest, best steak and it was almost unedible. He didn't want to ruin the evening for me so he didn't say anything until after we had left. The service was not what we had been used to. The drinks tasted watered down. They used to put rose petals on our tablecloth for our anniversary and stopped that 2 years ago. I found out after this bad experience that they have been sold and someone else is running it. It showed! We won't be going there anymore. Too expensive for what we got.
4	What a great restaurant!  Wonderful service, great food and a lovely menu. Very easy location right outside Fashion Sq near a lot of other great restaurants. Great fish, so fresh and such a great selection. Really nice atmosphere and easy to get into on a Friday night. Definitely should be put on anyone's list for seafood in Scottsdale.
4	I just relocated here but have already been to Wildfish twice in the past 2 weeks, The food is fresh, very well prepared and there are quite a few nice selections on the menu. What I appreciate the most is the service. The restaurant and bar are crowded and energetic, yet the service still feels very personal. Jorge was efficient, knowledgable, but most of all genuine and friendly. Made for a great dining experience. This will be at the top of our list for dining with friends & visitors.
4	For some reason I was always skeptical about this place.  But a group of us went this week and I was pleasantly surprised and will be back.I had a hard time figuring out what to eat but finally went with two appetizers. I started with the steak and lobster tarter.  The beef had a touch of truffles (and oil) while the lobster was creamy.  It was served with toasted baguettes.  It was a satisfying appetizer.  For my dinner I had the crab cake.  The crab cake is 8 oz of goodness.  It was almost all crab ... very little filler and a crispy outside.  Everyone else was happy with their choices as well: another crab cake, lemon sole, chopped salad and seared ahi tuna w/soba noodle stir fry.   Only two of us ordered wine and the rest stuck to water but our waiter was fantastic. The service was flawless.For desert I had a butterscotch panna cotta that was excellent.  It was served with two biscotti but they weren't worth eating.  Too dry for my taste.
5	They have a GREAT happy hour. I have loved everything I had here. The crab cakes are wonderful.
5	Only dine here if you want exceptional service and delicious, delectable, scrumptious food!!My husband and I split the BLT salad, portion size for splitting was very large, chopped and tossed, it was very, very, very good. My husband had the grouper, prepared the way the menu explains, ( my husband is a grouper connoisseur), he said it was  better than the best he ever had in Florida!, portion size, was at least 10oz of fish! I had the Chilean sea bass prepared Hong Kong style,  very tasty, served very hot, beautiful presentation! It was fabulous!! Our server was Raul, very attentive, did not over pour our wine, pace of the meal was timed perfectly.Tommy Buck the manager was thoughtful, we loved talking with him, he listened to everything we had to say( which of course, was all great) This experience was 5 star, better than Mastro's or Ocean Club.
4	I was in AZ for business and had dinner at Wildfish, the crispy salt and pepper shrimp was delicious! Great service from beginning to end!
4	Fish in the desert is a tricky proposition. You're going to pay more for quality and that's what happens up at Wildfish. It's pricey but solid food.  If you're in the area around happy hour time they do have some great apps and drinks on special.  The service was terrific.  The only thing that bothered me was how tight everything was.  If you're at the bar there is constant traffic behind you people cluttered around to order.
5	Salmon...yummy!  Worth the price! Will be back!
5	This is my second review.     The first was during happy hour, this time it's for dinner.Was going to order a glass of wine, but in the end we decided to get a bottle.    It was a 2011 cab.    Sorry.     I can't remember which one, and I don't see it on the online menu.    They brought warm bread and butter, which was a nice touch.      I'm not much of a bread person.     I tried it, and it was good.   We ordered the Pacific Ahi Tuna for myself, and he ordered the Pacific Swordfish for dinner and the Classic Caesar Salad to share.   My tuna was cooked and flavored to perfection.    It was lightly seared on the outside and the accompanying veggies were a perfect companion to the fish.    I don't normally like swordfish because I've always found it extremely dry.     Not in this case.    Moist and tender and most definitely they know how to give it the right seasoning to bring out its flavor.   The salad had the perfect mixture of dressing, and plated in the most elegant fashion for each of us.   The staff is friendly and oh so efficient.     The manager came over to ask how our meal was.    Always one to give my opinion, I told him it was one of the best I've had.      And, yes, I shall mention the hostess.     Of course, she was welcoming and prompt in placing us at a very good table.
5	It was my first time here and my experience was perfect. I enjoyed everything I ordered - I highly recommend the grouper. The service was prompt and polite. Our host (Charlie, I think his name was) was excellent. Thank you for a great night out!
5	I live in Maryland but loved this place, its a real gem. We went on a Saturday night, the place was buzzing but you notice from the first moment to the last that the service is top class, really top class. They didn't rush us and they made us feel really welcome. The wine list is excellent and our waiter, Raul was very knowledgeable. He knew the menu inside out and picked a terrific wine for the meal. This place is perfect for any date night or an occasion when you want to impress. Bets of all, they aren't that expensive. If that was here in the DC are it would be ridiculously priced. Brilliant.
5	My husband and I went for Valentine's Day and it was a very enjoyable evening all around! We started with the Steak and Lobster appetizer with was excellent! For entrees, he had the Seafood Salad and I have the Swordfish. Both were wonderful and portion size was average for a fine dining restaurant. While we wouldn't rave about the service, we also have no complaints. The atmosphere was nice for a romantic Valentine's Day dinner. This was a special occasion meal for us and we would recommend it to others looking for fresh seafood in the valley.
5	Awesome for seafood!!!
5	Super classy place to go. Food was great, service was awesome even sitting at the bar. I sat next to regulars who eat there all the time. Fried oysters yum! Truffle mac snd cheese delish! Lobster tacos were soooooo good! Everyone around me looked like they  were having a great time and I really enjoyed  it here. I found this on a visit Scottsdale website for best patios of restaurants! I would go back for sure
5	I met a girlfriend here for happy hour earlier this week.  The deals are fantastic- $5 glasses of prosecco and discounted food.  I had been craving a salad, but the only happy hour salad had shellfish (i am allergic), so I asked if there was any possible substitution.  The server suggested wok seared tuna, which was delicious and the chef easily made the switch.  It is so nice to go to a place for happy hour with a nicer menu and more upscale clientele.  I will be back.
4	I was there Friday 4/4. I love the food and the fact that the portions are normal. I gave it only 4 stars since the girls in the front are clueless, and need more attention to detail and customers, you do not let your customers "dry" out and try to figure when they will be seated, there a re three of you, so one should should check on the customer and talk to them!!!
5	Just finished dinner at Wildfish. We were going to go to Citizen Public House but that required a 30 minute wait for a table or sitting at the bar. Which would have been okay if the restaurant wasn't so noisy. Wildfish was our backup and we were very happy to end up there. Tuna tartar appetizer was excellent, followed by halibut in a lemon butter sauce. The fish was perfectly prepared, moist and flakey. We splurged on the twice baked potato, which was excellent as well. We enjoyed it so much we made reservations for Friday. Best fish and meal we've had in Scottsdale so far. Service was very excellent.
5	Went to this place with my friend for some fresh oysters. Didn't realize the bread they serve is so amazing!!! The oysters were fantastic and after two, yes thats TWO, loafs of their awesome bread I was stuffed. Great place to visit, a little pricy but worth it for sure.
3	I am not sure what to think about this place. It's definitely has an upscale setting. Service was ok, I arrived 30 minutes late for my reservation and still got a table pretty quickly, off to a good start. But then we waited for a long time before anyone came to get us started...Anyways, we finally got some wine and started out with some oysters. They were pretty fresh, pricey, but it's scottsdale anyway. then it's entrees time:I got a steak and my friend got some grilled salmon. they were ok, I've had better. We left and haven't come back since last November. I mean I have no problems with this restaurant at all, just wasn't that impressed.
5	:)
5	We recently had the pleasure of visiting Wildfish Seafood Grille for my mother Margarets' 76th birthday.  There were five of all, all with discerning palates and a love for fish, two things which are hard to satisfy when in the AZ. desert.When we entered until we departed, were were treated like guests never wanting for anything.  Our waiter and his crew were efficient, charming and well dressed, something that goes a long way in the overall sphere of restaurant visits. To start, Matt and I had the Maine Lobster and Shrimp Bisque, a staple for me whenever I visit a seafood restaurant.  For me, it sets the pace for the evening and allows me to gage the restaurant and compare it to others I have been to.  We chose to pass on other appetizers, all of which looks exceptional, but wanted to focus on our main meal instead.  We opted to share the side dishes so each could chose something they were craving.  Brussel Sprouts with Bacon and Shallots, Broccoli with Lemon & Garlic and finally Sauteed Spinach with Garlic & Parmesan were our choices and each was unique as well as cooked to perfection.  They come in two sizes are great for sharing!Our main courses arrived, Mom had the Florida Grouper, crisply sauteed with just the right amount of Garlic, she could not have been happier!  Our other guests chose the North Atlantic Lemon Sole, The Chilean Sea Bass, The Jumbo Gulf White Shrimp with Fresh Jonah Crab, and for myself, The Pacific Ahi Tuna steak.  What a great array of tastes, all of which were shared with each other and no one was disappointed!  For dessert, they offered us a Flaming Ice Cream Banana's Foster Cake, set ablaze tableside and a total hit! Sweet, gooey and a fantastic end to a perfect evening.  Although I have yet to be back because of my schedule, I have recommended this place to countless customers and look forward to my next visit!  When you are in Scottsdale and needing your seafood fix, this is a can't-miss establishment! Enjoy!
5	Awesome service! We had their oyster appetizer and ask how their horseradish sauce was made. After 10 minutes the manager comes with a container full of horseradish for us to take home. Who can ask for a better top of the chart customer service????? It was an enjoyment to be served by Jorge the bartender who was a rockstar and the manager Tommy who takes    Care of his customers. We will be back for sure!
4	Service a little slow but when I think about the quality it all came together. Great food! Ambience was great for two people, romantic dinner in a both. Menu it's mostly steamed, broiled and fried very little chargrilled items.
1	We ate there, and I ordered a fish dish.  My date steak.  It was very over priced.  I also ordered oysters and did have indigestion afterwards.  Very unhappy with the upper management.  They did not seem to care. Very unprofessional and pretentious.  There are millions of other restaurants . . .  I will try them, so should you. I will never try them again.Beware of the lack of how to run a business knowledge, and their sheer  lack of service. We were not happy nor would we refer this place to anyone. Expensive over priced foodBad serviceTypical common interior design, nothing unique or awe striking. Unprofessional upper managementPretentiousness for no logical reasoning, Go else where!
5	The bartender is Eric and he is very personable. He makes a cucumber martini that refreshes the soul. He knows sports too. Great guy. Try the lobster tacos, they are so delicious. My new happy hour spot. Seriously.
1	Hostess with the leastest...We walked in at 1040 last night (closing time is 11) only to be told by the hostess that the everything would be shut down at 11pm and that's what her manager told her to say.  So, I say 1 star!  You're open until 11pm unless someone wants to eat I guess.
3	Tried the "All Lump" crab cake after being assured it was as stated on the menu, no surprise....no lump to be found !!
3	We heard great things.  We were disappointed in the tuna tartar appetizer.  It didn't have the flavor that other places offer.  Seasons 52 had a much better, similar tuna appetizer.  If you are near the mall with a big group, it would be a reasonable option.
5	I had the Chilean sea bass and it was to die for! Service was a little slow but not horrible for a busy Friday night in June? That alone says a lot in Scottsdale. We got quite a few appetizers and they were all great. I rate most restaurants simply for the main dish and that is why I gave 5 stars.
5	BBQ salmon and seared ahi tuna steak were divine. The heirloom tomato salad was left wanting, the tomatoes were mealy and almost flavorless.  It wont stop us from continuing to come.  Oh, the lemondrop (I think it's called) martini is fantastic!  I don't drink anything that tastes like alcohol... I just don't like the taste, they were smooth (as smooth as anything lemon gets that is) and it was easy to drink more than one.
5	On vacation in AZ looking for a steak house for our carnivore girls but my hub and I wanted fish. This place delivered more than we could have hoped for! Absolutely everything we ordered was divine! My girls said the filet was the best piece of meat they had ever eaten. We also had the crab cake and ordered a second because it was so excellent. Many other delights were devoured by all and all were DIVINE. The atmosphere is very relaxing. So, excellent food, great ambience... Then came our server, to best of my recollection his name is Eric. He took the experience from excellent to sublime!!! His knowledge of the menu and willingness to stand at our table for at least 10 minutes to explain what made the steak the most delicious, the origin of each and every item we were considering, what was best to order that particular night and why, his relaxed ( not rushed or pushy ) delivery, all combined to make what was meant to be a nice dinner in Scottsdale unforgettable. Seriously, I consider us foodies from New York transplanted to San Francisco, two of the best food cities in the world... This experience was in my top 5 of all time!!! Thank you Wildfish, for amazing quality, preparation, atmosphere and ERIC. ( sure hope that's his name! )
5	I have been to Wildfish on a number of occasions and have always left with a smile on my face.  The food is to die for.  We always sit in the bar and take advantage of their happy hour specials. Happy hour is 7 days a week, Sun-Thursday from 4pm to close and Friday and Saturday 4-7. They have several cocktails avaiable for $6 (including cosmos, bacardi mojitios, el jimador magaritas, etc.) If those don't strike your fancy you also receive $2 off any of their specialty cocktails. There is also a special on wine, though I dont drink wine so not sure what the discount is.  There are several appetizers available for $1O and other "small plates" available at discounted prices. And you don't have to sit at the bar itself, their are several booths available as well as two long tables that would sit at least 8 probably 10 people so great for am after work spot with your co-workers.                                                                                       Last night by husband and I arrived right as they opened at 4 pm.  We sat down at the bar top and were immediately greeted by a friendly young gent named Eric.  While we always have a great exerience at Wildfish, this visit was the by far the best solely due to Erics excetional service.  He was very accomadating and made is feel at home. The man also makes an amazing Manhattan and a sectacular Cucumber Martini.  Anywho, we ordered a dozen oysters ($2 each} and their kung pao calamari to start. Oysters were juicy and delicous and the calamari was a heaping portion of calamari tossed with veggies and toasted cashews in a delectable kung pao sauce over a bed of crispy rice noodles.                                                                                                    Next round, we ordered the price de resistance.  Their Crabcake.  It is the reason we make the trek from Glendale at least once a month. Light, fluffy and full of big ole' pieces of delectable crab meat.  It's served with a side of remolade and is big enough to share as an appetizer or order for a meal.  It is truly the best crab cake I have ever had.  We always order it with a side of their truffled mac and cheese.  Weird combo I know, but it works!                                                             While we do not usually order dessert I can tell you that everything on that menu is made in their pastry kitchen daily.  Two that stuck out where the "bananas foster" butter cake and the Godiva chocolate cake, both baked to order. They also do espresso and lattes.
5	This is our go to restaurant!  I do not care for seafood at most restaurants but the crabcakes here are excellent. Service has always been wonderful. Fast and friendly. I highly recommend this place
4	First time at a seafood restaurant. Great atmosphere and customer service. Although emphasis on customer service. Maybe a little too busy bodied.
5	Amazing food!
1	How frustrating!!!! I wanted to love this place. The items on the menu sounded great. The atmosphere when we walked in was cozy, a definite upscale setting. We had a reservation for a large group, were seated right away no problem there. Immediately had waters for the table and some bread. Our server was great. Unfortunately, the suggested meal I ordered was horrible! I was debating between the fillet Oscar style, and either a fish or seafood dish. After a suggestion by our waiter  I ended up ordering the Jumbo Gulf White Shrimp dish which is followed by the description "grilled with lemon, garlic, and fresh Jonah crab". By the way, this dish is $29.  I also ordered the crab and corn chowder. Damn the corn chowder was great. Rich, hot, and a good amount of crab. Sadly...my main dish was just awful. My first bite was dry and dry and more dry. I swear there was raw garlic and/or raw shallots on my plate and random crumbs of god knows what sprinkled over all of the shrimp. You would think that there would be a sauce on top of this dried grilled shrimp but there was not. How about a lemon butter sauce? No. I ate two shrimp off of my plate and quickly tried to give them away to everyone else but no one wanted them. This was one time I wish I had sent the plate back and ordered something different but that isn't usually how I roll. I regret that. Spending that much on a dinner for me usually means I liked my dish but this time I hated it. How I wish I sent it back.The other end of the table had great looking dishes. They all ordered a steak dish. Ribeye, fillet, etc. All looked great and they all said it was delicious. Wish I was on that end. Overpriced for what you get. I won't be back,
5	I have visited this establishment numerous times, along with friends or family.  And NEVER have I ever had a bad experience!  From entering to exiting, and everything in between, has always been fabulous and extremely customer-service oriented!A friend took me for my birthday (her first visit), and  Eric and Pat made it a birthday for my black velvet box of great memories!  They both made me feel like I was the Queen and a Princess.  The drinks were superb, the food was out-of-this-world, with the best service to boot!  After eating appetizers, salad, and the main dish which was their delectable crabcake I was so full!  When I felt the best exit would be to roll, not walk out of there, they bring me the best dessert, banana foster,  with candle and song!  Just the right touch to top off an already memorable evening!  Wildfish is great!  And Eric and Pat is GREATER!!!
4	Wonderful seafood .. Service could be a bit better, but overall an excellent meal.The molten Godiva chocolate dessert is to dye for..
3	This is an Eddie V restaurant. Upscale and cozy.  Should I say more? I went in a Sunday evening. It was extremely slow which told me that I would receive a lot of attention from the staff. And I did! The staff was very pleasant. The restaurant carries one Reisling, but it was sweet to my liking. I ordered the shrimp and crab. I wasn't a fan of it. It was missing the seasoning. This place will not blacken the shrimp like some of the other high-end restaurants. My guest had the swordfish, same thing...not well seasoned...very bland. I've been here before and had a happy experience with the entrees. I'm so surprised that the dishes on this visit was so lacking. Given that I LOVE seafood, I will give them another chance.
5	This restaurant can do no wrong in my opinion. Great happy hour, nice ambiance and a great staff. I've been here a few times and I always order the mac&cheese which is hands down the best I've ever had! I can't come here without ordering it. If you love mac&cheese like I do, or even if you aren't a big fan of it, come here to have your tastebuds blown away!
2	We went to this place as usual and were surprised to see a "shrunken" happy hour menu. We ordered calamari and lobster tacos and were unhappy with these orders. They had no taste and were overlooked. It seems to us the quality of this place is going down!! Sad for that given the fact we are regulars!!!
4	I will never eat fried rice at a take out restaurant again ... the fried rice was very good.  The lobster tacos were great.  Service was great, enjoyable atmosphere.
4	Excellent service, good food, it may not be cheap but you definitely get your moneys worth.
5	Such a great spot. Very friendly staff. Awesome chef. Chilean sea bass and crab fried rice were a hit, even with my 4 year old niece. Fresh fruit and coconut sorbet for dessert were perfect. Will definitely be coming back.
5	Let me just start off by saying that I left there so full I could barely walk because the food was THAT good. Starting with a crab cake that had NO filler (yes your read that right....it was ALL crab) that was amazing. And its 7 oz. so its good for sharing. Followed up by a starter salad (the mushroom and goat cheese) which had flavors bursting all through it. The 3rd course  was market fish which happened to be a broiled sea bass. And they cooked it to perfection. No sauces added. Just fish that had a crispy outside and a tender inside. My side dish was the roasted brussels sprouts which were cooked with shallots and bacon. I couldn't stop there though. To finish my meal, I had the berries and cream. What was amazing about my berries and cream was that the cream had NO added sugar. The only sweetener was from the berries. It was perfect!As for the service. It was spot on. People constantly monitored our table to be sure we were not left with empty plates or glasses.
4	Great food and service.  On the expensive side, but worth it for a nice evening on the town.
5	We had dinner there last night based on other reviews. It was so amazing that we did not want it to end. The place ,the servers, everything. Cant wait to go back. I don't know how anyone can say that the food was bad! I had the most amazing scallop dinner and side dishes. We will be back!
5	Lobster Tacos and Crab Fried Rice is filling enough for us and OUR very favorite....haven't tried anything else but know it must be good.  They have great prices at Happy Hour.  The service is first class and we never miss going when we are in town. They remember us - like "where everyone knows your name.... WE LOVE WILDFISH
4	Happy, happy, joy, joy!Their happy hour calamari And crab cakes are my favorite!When I go there for dinner I immediately get the Chilean sea bass - Hong Kong style! The sea bass just melts in your mouth and so flavorful!This place is a must for seafood lovers.
5	The food, service, and atmosphere were impeccable! Even the water was exceptional! My husband had lobster tails that were the best I'd ever tasted. The crab fried rice is a must-try!
5	I had the swordfish and was highly impressed with the flavours, my mom had the scallops and completely enjoyed it.  We both had the lobster/shrimp bisque soup which was very tasty.  The shrimp cocktail had great sauces.The atmosphere is tasteful, and the wait staff very professional.
4	I have been here twice and both experiences have been very good.  It begins and ends with the service.  It is truly an art being able to provide excellent service while never intruding upon your dinner party.  Both wait persons were excellent.  For appetizers, the calamari is superb, and the crab cakes were excellent.  I had the Chilean sea bass, which is prepared Hong Kong style.  This was perhaps the best seafood dish I have ever had here in the valley.  I would give it 5 stars but it is very pricey.  Regardless, it's a great experience!
5	Definitely one of my favorites have been here several times - have not had anything I don't like.  Would go back just to have the Bananas Foster!!  Absolutely delicious!
5	We made a reservation for our anniversary and everything was amazing. Every server individually wished us a happy anniversary. The food was perfectly cooked and packed with flavor. The only down side was the price, but we were expecting it. Dinner for two with one alcoholic beverage each, plus an appetizer was $200, including tip.
4	First day here in Scottdale and I choose this place to eat at for lunch, and I am glad I did. I ordered the Lobster tacos and fried rice with crabmeat. It was sooooo good... I would definitely go back!!
3	Visiting Phoenix (work trip) - I wanted some seafood for dinner.  I decided to try Wildfish even though the reviews were mixed.  The atmosphere is nice,  the bartenders were friendly and the service was quick.  I ordered from the Happy Hour menu.  I had a glass of wine, crab cake appetizer and apple pear walnut salad.  The food was good but not superb. I've had better crab cakes and it was greasy and I could taste the butter.
5	Took my mom for her birthday tonight. Just moved here from nyc. I'm a great critic and a food expert ;) Omg. Mom loved the seabass!!! I loved the strip steak . It was hugeeeee. Cooked perfect !! I shared it with my wife. All salads. Sides and dishes are like family style ..nice portions! Worth every penny. Best meal I think we ever had. The apple walnut salad yum! Ramone was our waiter' he was a perfect gentlemen. Very friendly and professional . Had us cut into steak to make sure up to pay prior to biting. They gave us a free vanilla ice cream and brownie cake in honor of mom's birthday which was awesome.i am going back!! I loved everything from the casual yet romantic setting to the bread, meal and coffee! It was perfect! Goooooo
5	Fantastic meal! Just has dinner with my wife for her birthday last night and we were both very pleased.  We started with the wild mushroom salad with goat cheese and arugula. My wife had the seared ahi which was cooked, or I should say 'undercooked' perfectly. It was a beautiful piece of fish, the best I have ever seen. I have not had a good prime steak in quite a while so I decided to go with the rib eye. Ordered just above rare it had a nice light crust, seasoned simply, and cooked perfectly for the quality of the meat. Since this was my wife's birthday the server treated her to a complimentary dessert of my wife's choice. She chose a toffee marshmallow s'more which was good but not a standout like the other items we ordered. Michelle our Server at Wildfish was attentive and helpful at just the perfect level. We did not feel we were being up sold nor was she overbearing. She provided the best service experience we have had in a very long time. My experience of the dinner could be colored by the fact that we were able to see the Giants win the 4th game of the World Series, but I don't thing so. We'll have to try again just to be certain. Oh darn!
5	Went with my wife and WOW!  The crab cakes were terrific.  The steamed sea bass is one of the best dishes I have tasted.  The ahi entree was excellent as well.  The waitstaff was excellent as well.  Worth every penny.
4	We do live in the desert. So anyone who lives near fresh water, please take this with a grain of salt. I know, I've had your fish and well, it's reason I trek over to your zip code. For here, it's really really good seafood. So much, it's the only time I rarely think of steak; as a carnivore, that's major kudos to this restaurant. I like that the bar area is spacious and plenty of tables for groups. I agree that they don't have any bad seat, indoor or outdoor. Staff is always friendly and personable. Happy hour is lively and fun. Everybody is wearing a smile, maybe from all the drink specials or because I am flashing them mine. I prefer to graze over the calamari, lobster tacos, crab cakes and a few dozen oysters. Definitely great spot for after work drinks. If you decide to stay, have the Chilean sea bass or the swordfish. No lie. You want to coat yourself in the sauce :)Wildfish stands in good company among City Hall and Cowboy Ciao around the corner. It does an impressive job entertaining my out of town guests and clients. I will note though that every time I've ever been here, there's a large population of silverfoxes. But do you blame good taste?
5	First off, I am sorry that it has taken me so long to write this review.  I visited Wildfish on two occasions this past Spring. I love the ambiance and vibe of the restaurant.  The whole staff is so warm, friendly and professional.  The food is great too! I recall having a steak, steamed vegetables and a salad.  Everything was perfect and delicious.My friend and I felt so special because the General Manger, Mr. Damon Hovannisian came over and spoke with us. He wanted to ensure that we were receiving good service and that our food was good . . .everything was great!I like this restaurant for so many different reasons, one plus is the parking. There is plenty of free parking very close to the restaurant; I also like the location right in the heart of Old Town. This a great place for first dates or any event.  I will be back soon.
4	I really loved this place, and will for sure go back! I loved that it was a great feel and that I could have a conversation across the table and not have to yell! Our waitress was very attentive and took great care of us, and the wine was yummy.We split the pot stickers (excellent) and the calamari ( huge and also excellent), and then all got salads, which we were all super happy with... it was tons of food. I will for sure go back when visiting...this place was really good!
5	We celebrated my husband's birthday dinner this past Saturday at Wildfish Seafood Grille, benounced to us we did not realize this establishment was under the same umbrella as Eddie V's which we've been to numerous times. Basically the same menu but in a more casual setting and seems to be much less noisy then Eddie V's. Our server Michelle was excellent, we couldn't have asked for better service.Cocktails were good. We started with a dozen Blue Points, which were good, not fantastic for the price. We then moved onto the Classic Caesar Salad (shaved parmesan, garlic croutons and tapenade) and Steak and Lobster tartare (truffled steak tartare and chilled fresh Maine Lobster With toasted baguettes), both were very good. Entrees were the Jumbo Lump Crab Cake (reomulade, fresh lime, chives and sliced avocado) and the Chilean Sea Bass (steamed Hong Kong style With light soy broth), both entrees were excellent! We ended the evening with a complimentary birthday Chocolate Lava Cake.We will definitely be back again!
5	Wow, this place is amazing. Nice ambience, relaxing music, excellent service. And the food was absolutely delicious, especially the lobster tacos, yuumm !!!
5	In my opinion this is the best fresh fish restaurant in the valley. Their steamed sea bass is unbelievably delicious. They have a large wine selection and a decent sushi bar. Their happy hour is reasonable and they have a good appetizer menu. It's a comfortable and nice looking facility and I've always had good service. There is valet parking but i dont think they validate. There is convenient free underground parking.This restaurant is part of the Eddy V's group and has a similar look, feel and energy.
4	Back Again! Same excellent food. Posted some new tries. Same excellent service, Kevin, you rock!
5	I had the most amazing experience of my life here tonight. I cannot believe a seafood place has the worlds most amazing steak. It was a filet Minot like nothing I've had in my life all over Canada and the states. You haven't lived until you've had the filet and lobster meal here. Start with an oyster or two and you will have the most amazing night of your life
