4	A co-worker of mine has been waiting weeks for Culver's to open and they finally have on 19th Ave & Deer Valley.  Apparently it's a big deal in Wisonsin, and they are now expanding to the west.  Today was the second day it was open and the place was packed, we had to wait in line for about 10 minutes.  Luckily we found a table that just opened up because I didn't see any other available. Pretty good as far as fast food goes.  Everything is made fresh to order - major bounus.  I had the butter burger w/cheese & crinkle fries and we split cheese bites made with Wisonsin cheddar.  All 3 were very tasty, hot and fresh. They also have frozen custard which I didn't try this time but will make a trip soon to sample. The restaurant has cute little sayings called Culverisms, for example: "Every time you eat a crinkle fry it's like giving yourself a high-five." I couldn't agree more, I am a sucker for those crinkle fries.
5	Ok so as a veg this place isnt too great to eat but the frozen custard HELLO mmm mmmm mmmmm!! You can have it any way you want it and that my fellow Yelper's, gives this girl some much needed pleasure ;)!! The staff is so frign delightful here I thought I walked into another dimension with all the politeness that was being dished out at such high doses. This is may be the best fast food place to hit the valley. I had the Avocado Pecan Bleu Salad w the ras. vinaigrette see pic. It was a perfect dinner for me last night and then topped it off with a caramel CASHEW sundae. Cashew's?!?!?! Are you serious.....wow!! Go here like NOW!!P.S. Thanks to Greg for recommending!!*I cant find my picture lol*
5	Growing up in Nebraska, I had a vague recollection of Culver's so I stopped in this location for a blast from the past.  The burgers are great, with a few not so traditional fast food menu items included.  But I keep going with the classic butterburger (they butter/toast their buns), and if I'm in the mood I'll top it off with some 5* frozen custard (check out their website for their "flavor of the day").Lunchtime can be downright cutthroat when it comes to finding a table to sit at, the umbrella shaded patio was suprisingly tolerable on a 100+ degree afternoon.
5	Wonderful!  My husband and I took a little adventure to try Culver's  and landed there smack dab in the middle of the lunch rush.  I liked the way an  employee greeted us at the door and helped get everyone settled in to a line to order.  This made the crazy rush move so quickly it was unbelievable.While I enjoyed my butter burger it had nothing on the cheese curds and the marvelousness that is Culver's custard!  So smooth and creamy I told my husband we should go back for dinner. :)  I'm glad I don't work in one of the office buildings surrounding the restaurant or it'd be all over for me.Yes, it is a chain but a chain worth visiting.
5	Loved the food, service and clean environment!  My grandma and I eat out every Tuesday night and she had coupons for a place called, "Culver's".  It had burgers so I was game.  We had double cheeseburgers, fries and drinks.  She also got the cement shakes, or whatever they were called and loved them.  The burger was really tasty and the fries were nice and hot!  The staff was extremely friendly and helpful.  It had a large, clean dinning area and seemed to be family friendly. They also had TVs for the guys!  I have already told several friends about this place and I only had it last night for the first time! I say that would warrent a "woohoo"!
5	Excellent food.Excellent Staff.Very Clean.Serves MT DEW
4	Kicks any of the majors severely in the grease trap.   It's like an In and Out with a menu, a Freddy's custard with better tasting food:)  It's hard to pick between them since on their basic items they are all pretty good in relation to anything with a 'king clown  of a ping pong ball advertising them.    Good selection of sodas on tap, quick turnaround at lunch time and a change from string fries to crinkles. Here's why it's getting a 4.   They syrups   used on the custard are nowhere near good enough to match what they are sitting atop.Banana's foster is great custard, fresh bananas and a hot syrup  that sadly screams cheapness and has a one note flavor.
3	I work nearby and have been to Culver's a few times. I liked the burgers and onion rings. I went with some co-workers one day when I wasn't in the mood for a burger and tried the fried chicken instead and wasn't very impressed. Next time I'll stick with the burgers.Now as for the frozen custard, I do enjoy it but it only gets an average rating on my sweet tooth craving scale. Ranks above a candy bar from the vending machine, but below a chocolate chip cookie from Paradise Bakery.Last time I went in, I appreciated that I could pay for my entire order but wait until after the meal to pick up my frozen custard. But then I got annoyed because after showing my receipt to the lady at the counter she handed me a number and put my order in, then proceeded to stand at the counter at chat with another employee. It's a freaking bowl of frozen custard. How hard is that to dish up?
4	Haven't actually been to the Deer valley Culvers (but will soon, based on what I'm reading here), but more importantly the other day when I drove by, there were loads and loads of film trailers out there for filming going on inside. Anyone know what it was?
4	Can't really add to what others have already said.  I've been to the DV Culvers twice now, both at lunch time, once on a weekday, once on a weekend.  Both times, restaurant was super busy, and the seating was a little cramped.  But, we made it through both.  Food was delivered fast and fresh.  I _really_ like the butter burger!  Way better then the big three (McD, BK or W's)  The shake was thick and tasty, and the crinkle cut fries were crispy and hot.  GF got the rings, which were also better then most.  I'm not sure how often I'll be able to return, as neither location is anywhere close to where I live or work.  But when I find myself at DV and the I17, and hungry, I know where I'm going...4 stars, cause, well, it is still a chain, after all.
5	Alright, I'm just gonna say this, I enjoy their burgers more than In N Out, and I LOVE In N Out. Fries are "ok" and you can add tons of toppings to your dessert. TONS of variety on the menu. A few nice TVs scattered about. It's a great place. Try it!
4	Went to Culver's last night with the family.  We are definitely not strangers to this place, having been dozens of times since they opened a year ago.    We were dining in, so the wife went up to place the order, while I found a booth for us to sit in.  The only problem was that the seats and table were both a little dirty.  Luckily, a napkin cured that up right quick, and we were good to go.  The wife came back after ordering and I went right over to get the same fountain drink I always get there, the Culver's Root Beer.  I'm not usually that big of a root beer fan, but their's is delicious.  Every time I get it, I'm mystified that a soft drink out of a fountain can be so creamy.The food came 5-10 minutes later.  The wife had one of their new grilled chicken sandwiches w/ onion rings which we shared (I'd rather get the mashed potatoes, also delicious, but marriage is about compromise, right?), while I had a Classic Double Cheese Butterburger.  As per usual, the double burger was very good.  Possibly even good enough to challenge Steak N Shake (which for some reason still isn't in AZ!).  The onion rings were also good, nice and crispy.  We did not get custard this time because we were full from dinner and the flavor of the day didn't particularly tickle our fancy.Culver's gets four stars for the good grub and good selection.  I will be back.
2	Tried this place for lunch today, wasn't really impressed, seeing the number of 5's on here.The french fries are frozen, floppy, and they don't have much flavor. Maybe I'm spoiled by In n Out's real potatoes, but I like my fries tasting like potatoes. And seasoned, at least.The chocolate malt was also just ok. In fact, it barely tasted like malt, and was way too sweet. I prefer a less sugary chocolate taste.And finally, the burger. I got their Wisconsin Melt, which is essentially a patty melt with two burgers. It was well seasoned, but the seasoning was cut out by the amount of butter/griddle grease they use, so I could only taste the seasoning every once in a while, not good. Also, for a patty melt, there is a lack of onions, which I greatly disapprove of.The whole thing was kinda greasy, and left a terrible feeling in my mouth afterwards, which is being currently washed down by a Becks.In conclusion, just go to In n Out.
4	I work for a company based out of Wisconsin, so I've heard nothing but praise for this place. All in all, pretty damn good. The burger was quite good, better than Freddy's. The crickle cut fries were nothing too special, but they were hot, fresh, and had just the right amount of salt. The onion rings were great for fast food. The concrete (my choice was chocolate with oreo mixed in) was was better than most shakes. The only real disappointment were the cheese curds. Granted, I just got back from a trip to Wisconsin, where you can get fried cheese curds everywhere, but man, they were boring. They reminded me of those boring cheese sticks you can get at any bar. It isn't In-n-out, but it isn't trying to be, so the endless comparisons are a bit baffling.All in all, worth the occasional trip out.
5	Well I have to give a shout out to my fellow yelper "Daren C."! Good lookin out on the Culver's. I had an opportunity to make this journey over the weekend and was not disappointed! The butter burger is far superior to Freddy's Steakburger. I love the crinkle cut fries as well. This joint was packed on Saturday! I like that I can get grilled onions on my burger yum. Culver's is A+ I would definitely recommend it!
3	I've been to this place a couple times since it's near work...the burgers are pretty decent, the patty melt is very good. I think their fries leave a little to be desired, they are the big fat crinkly cut kind, and sometimes they can be a bit soggy.The ice cream here is yummy. The only problem I have with it, is that it's usually so busy I can't get in and get out in my 30  minute lunch break. Kind of a bummer.
3	I just don't get the hype.I guess I never had a butter burger before, and I've from the midwest.  I had never heard of this place before.  I didn't think the frozen custard was anything great either.  My hamburger was fine.  Nothing special.  Maybe I'll have to go again to see if I change my mind.  Everyone seems to love this place!
5	.:chomp:. this is one .:mmmghgh:. good burger .:sllluuuurrrpp:.It's got a great combination of yumminess with a side of .:chomp:. awesomeness. The burgers are great and .:chomp:. perfect. The custard is great .:lick:. and diabetic friendly .:mmmmmmm:.(They have no sugar added custard). i would definitely recommend this place! .:lick:.
5	I've been back to Culver's several times since the initial review for custard only, but went this week to celebrate a family milestone and got dinner and dessert.  I ordered my usual double burger with cheese, mashed potatoes and creamy root beer.  All were top notch, as expected.  For dessert, I normally go with the custard of the day, or make a sundae (vanilla custard, peanut butter and either reese's pieces or cups is the bomb bay).  This time, I decided to go with a vanilla malt.  And not just any malt, but one with extra malt flavoring (note:  I was mildly annoyed that the girl at the register didn't indicate that their was an upcharge for additional malt).  This was a super thick, delicious, malty malt.  Usually a dessert from Culver's gets put in the freezer for seconds later, but this malt barely made it home it was so good.  Five stars for the continued excellence on the food and the great malt.
4	My Freddy's Frozen Custard rating 2.5 had been *generously* rounded up to a 3, but no longer....I dropped 'em down. http://www.yelp.com/biz/freddys-frozen-custard-and-steak-burgers-glendale#hrid:GvLhtxnxG9PaPbLWxNuq6wI went to Culver's, basically.Now I get what Freddy's is trying to be.  Although Freddy's has a mythology that  lays claim to being the originator of the burger style, Culver's just does it better.  They do everything better.  From friendly customer service, cleanliness, to the fresh and tasty food; and the thick yet crisp on the outside crinkle cut frys were simply a model of perfection on the delicate Greasy~Crispy Spectrum.The burger?  Even though it was still in the take-two-patties-at-a-time thin style, each of these patties was about as thick as the two put together at Freddy's.   The flavor really proved that it was fresh, not frozen meat pre-grilling.  The meat was cooked all the way through, and yet still juicy.    http://www.yelp.com/biz/steakenburger-long-wongs-phoenix#hrid:K1GltivZImD5el_e8Qg2iAThe basic sundae automaticaly comes with 2 flavors of topping, so they aren't trying to unfairly skrimp you for skrilla left and right with extras.  Very cool, Culver's!   Boo Freddy's for being so lackluster with customer service, overseasoned with food, and generally failing.
2	Maybe it's because I'm not a huge fan of burgers, or maybe my expectations were just too high... The burger I had here was good, the chicken sandwich was pretty good too. The frozen custard... well.. I've never had frozen custard before, so maybe it was the best, but I didn't think it was any better than an original dairy queen soft serve. The service is rude, in my opinion. It was my first time and they asked what I wanted, so of course, to be easy I say "however it comes" and the response was in a better-than-you, teenage burger snob tone: "well, they COME plain, so you want it plain?" ummm... no. "okay, then I'll take everything" "so you want pickles?" "yes" "mustard and ketchup" "yes" well, if I wanted to do it that way I would have asked you to name off the ingredients... The fries were great and the chili fries were really great, but they still don't hold a candle to my childhood fave- Weinerschnitzels chili fries.. mmm....
5	Butterburgers. My opiate. Picture a savory, salty, amazing bite of heaven. Everytime that you watch a food show (I mean we're all foodies, right? Otherwise why would we be here?!) and you see the host go into some sort of orgasmic, loss of words mini vacation to paradise, I imagine this would be what they are tasting. This place can't miss. I have had impeccable service, tasty food, and its not expensive like a red robin or something. Ok, its a fast food place, but, its done right.. Or "culverized" as they call it. Yummy huge ice cream sandwiches made to look like enormous oreo cookies (although watch the "best by" date), flavors of the day... Cement mixers (picture Dairy Queen Blizzards)... I enjoyed some of their more non-traditional food, such as a pot roast sandwich and cheese curds. Yum! And this place is on my drive home from work too. Awesome! You will like it here!
3	My wife and I went for lunch,the burgers were juicy and mouth watering.The frys were hot,the pumkin pie custard was to die for. The service seems to be slipping.The counterwomen was rude,almost obnoxious.The boy delivering the food very uninterested in being pleasant.We hope service gets back to normal or we will being finding a new burger place.
4	For fast food - at least fairly fast - this is excellent.  Salads very good - although I wish they would bring back the cobb.  Burgers good, fries good and custard good.As pointed out by another reviewer, this is not the best frozen custard I've had (try Sheridans in Watauga Texas), but it is very good.Service always exceptional and cleanliness outstanding.  I enjoy the sports on TV when lunching alone as well.Give it a shot.  You won't be disappointed.
4	I had never had frozen custard until Culver's came to town....but I am a convert!  It is so much creamier than ice cream, and when you add in some delicious mix-ins for one of their concrete mixers, it is like a Blizzard on steroids!  I love how they have different flavors of the day, so far I have tried the S'Mores (outstanding) and the Really Reese's (chocolate custard with Reese's - a chocolate lover's dream).  I have eaten the food a couple of times, the burgers are pretty good, but not quite an In N Out Burger.  I do like that the menu is quite big, try the cheese curds, something you don't see very often in AZ, but don't make a trip to Culver's without getting some custard!
5	Excellent burgers, fries and desert along with other menu items (including salads, fish, chicken items).  Coupons frequently available in the weekly AZ Rep newspaper.
4	It was raining, so we opted for drive-thru, so can't comment on the inside. Service was quick and friendly, everything made it into the bag! That's a big plus...cuz u know they **** u at the Drive-thru (to quote Leo G).Burgers were good (we opted for the bacon cheddar ones). Buns got a little sloppy near the end due to the liberal use of mayo, but the lettuce was shredded, offering traction for the tomato (bland - but its winter, ya know?). The bacon coulda been crisper, and thicker, and peppered - but that's just how I like bacon.Crinkle cut fries were crisp and hot (burger was hot when we got home too - plus there). Mashed potatoes were chunky with a decent chicken-flavored creamy gravy. The mashed was a nice alternative to fries...I'm not a big fry person.We didn't try the frozen custard, unless u count the root beer float or the chocolate malted. Both were good, and ya gotta love a decent malted.The burgers do have a taste resemblance to In-n-out so I see why so many people make that correlation. But, they seem bigger than a double-double if memory serves correctly.I'll go back. Its not on my list of "to-die-fors", but its better than a lot of burger places if you don't mind spending a few more bucks on your fast food, or you want some alternate sides. Check em out online and see the entire selection - it may be what you are craving!
2	Maybe I've never owned a pickup truck or slept with my sister but i don't get this place just the same.  I might as well see stellar reviews for burger king or Wendys.  This place is fast food, processed, greasy, nothing special.  In n out it gourmet to this like a burger from roaring fork compared to mcdonalds, not to mention crazy over priced I guess to pay for their fancy sign.  Keeping it real there are so many good burger places and I'm glad fat people with no taste go here to save the good ones for me.  This being said I went because I work close and was dragged to for lunch.  I had the processed chicken sandwich and a bite of the butter burger.  Honestly should have got a happy meal from McDonald's plus would of scored a toy, that's like a free star.
2	I was elated when I searched yelp for places to eat near my office and found Culvers. I ate there two days in a row last week, and ordered the follwing:bacon butter burger, lettuce style - SO DISAPPOINTED. I had high expectations for a burger cooked in butter. While not terrible, this is not even comparable with in-n-out.chicken fingers - Decent, although I've been spoiled by Shane's BBQ tenders which are made in house. I'm assuming Culver's came frozen in a big bag and then were deep fried. Still, pretty good for fast food.green beans - Not cooked nearly enough for my liking, forced down several fork-fulls then threw the rest away. Would only visit again if co-workers dragged me along. I'm sure I would have a different view of the place if I were in glutton mode chomping on the custard and french fries.
5	I had never been in a Culver's until yesterday and I thought the salad I had, was very good.  When you go in, you go to the counter and place your order and then they bring it out to your table. We didn't have to wait that long for our order either.  It is a very nice and clean restaurant and all the people are very friendly.  When we left the restaurant, their marquee showed "Pork Tenderloin" sandwiches.  You have no idea how excited I was.  There are very few places in Phoenix that have this type of sandwich, which is mainly served in the Midwest, so I am elated.  I didn't realize there were so many Culver Restaurants in the area and because of Yelp, I see there is one even closer to where I live, besides this particular location.  I highly recommend this restaurant and am very happy they came to Phoenix.
3	Popped in for lunch cause I am donating blood at work today and needed some red meat.  I got the bacon double burger.   It was pretty good.  The fries were not my style they were not very crispy.  I love how they have Wild Cherry Pepsi as it's one of my favorite sodas.  As I have said in previous reviews I don't give fast food places great ratings because the food isn't great quality and the service is poor as there is no waiter service.  That being said Culver's is ok and they have great ice cream and shakes.
4	Culver's feels so good going in and going out thanks to their butter burger.
4	So if you want a true gourmet burger, you must go to a bar that has reputable bar food. This is difficult in Phoenix, the cuisine here is disappointing in every way, I know, I'm from the obese state of Wisconsin where people demand great food ( the state pastime). But Culver's, being from Wisconsin, is the obvious choice for a good burger and fries on the run. Forger the over-hyped, under quality, horrendous fries and long lines at the In and Out burger and go to Culver's. There aren't many around, but it's worth the drive. Otherwise, Burger King is a better choice than In And Out any day of the week.
4	After almost passing out in JCrew.. I know I needed sugar.. The bad cheating type that I am... I saw Culvers & almost took out 3 vehicles to make the mad swerve in for sugar & creme.. And all things nice.. No bad! Bad! :-) (I have a size 4 wedding gown screaming my name!! What am i thinking w all this cheating?!) .. I was good to order the small Bananas Foster custard sundae... I heard the bells toll when I took my first bite... And I ate half.. For me.. A little does alot.. Yum...
1	I used to make business trips to Kansas City where there was a Culvers next door to the shop I was at. We never once went to Culvers in KC on the advice of locals, but a couple years later this one shows up next to my home office in Phoenix. I tried it. I think I had a butter burger with a salad. It was nasty. The burger was basically a salted version of the junk you scrape off your grill after cooking meat. Also had a shake here once, it was ok.I guess this will appeal to some though because the burgers do have butter and a uniquely crispy, salty flavor. And who doesn't love frozen custard?
5	Culver's is a must if you have not had the chance to try them out. I believe they have several stores now here in the valley. The Root Beer is a must as well as the Butter Burgers, Cheese curds, Frys, Frozen custurd....lol ...the list goes on... I have not found anything as of yet that I did not enjoy.
4	One word: Butter burger!The burger patties are grilled in butter, so you get this really sensational flavor out of it. My favorite is the bacon butter burger, with a side of fries and drink.Fries are regular, nothing special about them.They also serve other meals like fried chicken, fried cod, etc. So nice alternative if you are not in the mood for a burger.Their dessert section is also pretty good, the concrete mixers are nice and creamy, not too sweet, and pretty reasonable price compared to other ice cream places like Cold Stone.The setting is very much like a semi-restaurant style, with seating out in the patio or inside. They also have TVs for you to watch while eating there.It seems that Culveers likes to open their locations at the more outskirt areas of town, such as Deer Valley, Cave creek Road near the Loop 101, and their east Mesa location. I hope they expand to more populous areas of Phoenix so that other folks can experience the beauty of the butter burger!!
2	This was my first trip to Culver's and was not impressed.  I paid $7 for a combo meal and the burger was small (it was supposed to be their larger burger) and the fries looked like they came from a frozen package from the grocery store.  The place was clean and the staff was friendly...but I don't think this place will be around in AZ very long.
4	The hubs & I have been coming here for a couple years now. We usually hit the drive thru. Always get the same thing, butterburgers w/fries/onion rings & a concrete mixer. The employees are always super friendly & always offer our doggy a treat. Definitely our go to spot when we're in the mood for burgers & frozen custard.
4	I think this place has the better butter burger! (Say that three times really fast) Culver's, sure it's another fast food joint but they have great food and exceptional service! They offer a more diverse menu than most places.  It kind of a cross between a Burger joint and the Market Place.  In addition to burgers they offer things like fried cod, fried chicken, pot roast, chopped steak and fried shrimp.  They also offer a selection of different cooked veggies as sides.But it's all about the burger for me.  The Bacon Deluxe served with two fresh, never frozen, beef patties seasoned well cooked to almost perfection with hot-melty-cheesy goodness, two slabs of bacon, served up hot and fresh on a lightly buttered bun with lettuce, tomato, onion, mayo and pickles.  Now you can create any type of burger you want so don't let their menu deter you from ordering something you would like that may not be on the menu.They have those crinkle fries and great onion rings.  My family loves their fried cheese curds (little balls of cheese fried, imagine that).  You can get either one covered with chili and cheese if you wish.Some people go to this place just for the frozen custard but I recommend getting their lemon ice with blue berries! Less filling and really refreshing and tasty!  We've also got one of their frozen custard cakes for a B-Day and it was gone in less than 5 mins!Here's a Culver's Secret: When ever you get a french fry that is longer than seven inches (laugh first, then read on) show it to one of the Culver peeps.  They may give you a free frozen custard in trade for that seven incher! (it's a promo they run every now and then) Also for those on a budget, order the kids combo you'll get a burger, fries and a drink with a free custard!
5	I need to give Culver's a high five. I normally don't go to Culver's for lunch since it is crazy busy and packed with the Honeywell and Cox crowd. But today I braved the crowds and must've had that "get out of my way IDGAF look since I didn't have my breakfast today vibe" since I zoomed to the front of the line and ordered right away and even found an empty table. I was in need of a fix and had a delicious and juicy double cheeseburger with all of the fixings. The cheese was actually melted on the burger, did you hear that Mc Donalds and Burger King? Culver's is more than a burger place. I also really enjoy their hot ham and swiss cheese sandwich (think grilled cheese but add the ham). Occasionally I'll eat the fried fish as well. My wife swears by the Turkey BLT sandwich. If you have a couple of bucks left over, try the ice cream sundae or any other of their dessert concoctions. Services is always spot on. So I think the menu is diverse enough to satisfy everyone in the family, plus it's very easy on the pocketbook.
1	I despise this place. Cheese curds are disgusting. I think this is literally the only place that has ever made me fear that I was going to go into cardiac arrest after leaving. I haven't tried the custard, which is supposedly what they are best known for, so I can't rate it on that level, but the food is really gross.
5	I love Culvers!
4	Reminds me of back east in Michigan. Maybe it was the overcast skies and the cool weather, or maybe it was the crowd gathered for the lunch rush, whatever it was it took me home. This place was a much bigger version of a small town burger joint. I will be back, just not at noon! Two words: controlled chaos. The food is good, but don't get that confused with good for you! Because oh boy, it is so not. But it was really very tasty! I had the basic deluxe burger, fries and a drink. My son ordered the chicken strips and fries. The kids meal comes with a frozen custard so I was able to steal a few bites.........sorry kid!  It was so rich and creamy, just how it should be. Friendly, quick and clean are all on the menu here! I would go back again after I run 10 miles to burn off those fries!!
4	We entered yesterday and had reubens, fries and soda.  Tasty, priced right and left me thinking about how much I wanted to return for another reuben again.I see a lot of reviews about butterburgers and things I didn't try, unfortunately all I can comment is the Reuben that I had on my first visit (ever) and it was great.
4	They changed the formula on their mashed potatoes.  It took them from 'always delicious' to 'so gross I didn't even eat 1/4 of them'.  I emailed Culver's and the response was that they changed them so they could be aligned with the rest of the chain and match up with the nutritional guide.  So really, two strikes, 1/ sucky mashed potatoes now and 2/ apparently I was relying on an inaccurate nutritional guide for several years and dozens of visits...
5	This is my all-time favorite place to have hamburgers.  The burgers are smashed thin and cooked so they have a grilled burger lace around the edges.  The crinkle cut French fries are excellent also.  You always have to top off your meal with some custard.  I only wish there was one closer to my house.  Oh, and try the walleye when they have it.  It is fantastic.
4	I normally don't frequent fast food establishments often, however this past weekend we were famished after car shopping for 6 hours and needed a quick bite.  Since this new location is close to home, we thought we should give it a whirl, and boy am I glad we did.First off, the bathrooms were quite possibly the cleanest I've ever seen at a fast food joint and the decor was nice and clean as well (probably cause it's brand new, but still).  I had a deluxe burger and onion rings and also sampled the cheese curds and strawberry shake my Husband had.  Oh my... the cheese curds and shake are to die for!  So good.  As for the burger- it was very good, maybe a bit salty, but not quite as good as In-n-out (in my opinion).  Either way, I know we will be back for those cheese curd and the shakes.  We were also excited to see the custard cakes and oreo cookies with custard... OMG I bet those are good.For a fast food place, Culvers offers some unique items when you're in the mood for breaking the diet.
4	Great frozen custards & butter burgers, a variety of choices for food & dessert, friendly workers, clean place, a couple of flat-screen TVs, and the ONLY place we could find open on a Sunday afternoon.  My coworker & I had just left the Phoenix airport in our rental car and were on our way to Flagstaff.  We were starving to death & decided to take a random exit in search for food.  It was a Sunday after 4pm and why in the heck was every single friggin' eating place in this area   **CLOSED**  ....and so early...!?!?  ....NOT  Culver's,  thankfully.  Phoenix people, what's wrong with you???  (btw, in Houston, a lot of our places close at 6pm on Sundays.)I got a kid's meal, which comes with your choice of a main dish, a side of any choice, small drink (free refills for dine-in), and a frozen custard with 1 topping (any flavor/any topping).  All the above was only $4.49 (plus tax).   The frozen custard is FREE with kiddie meals.  Just don't forget to use your coupon that comes on your kiddie bag or you'll lose out.That was a really great deal & I was stuffed.   I love that you can get any side and there were so many to choose from, like coleslaw, salad, fries, mashed potatoes with gravy, green beans, onion rings, etc.I chose the butter burger for my main dish, the coleslaw for my side, and the strawberry custard with banana slices for my dessert.  I enjoyed my whole meal.  I loved the thick & creamy custard. delish!!!  It was a decent size too for a kid's meal.My coworker got a reuben and salad.   He enjoyed his meal too.If I'm ever back in Phoenix, I'm asking my coworker if we can stop by here again.
5	Is it possible to cheat on your girlfriend with a burger? Every time I come here I get a bacon double butter burger. And its one of the best burgers I've ever had. Once I take that first bite I never put it down until the last. I keep it so close to my face it probably looks like im making out with it. And when im done I feel satisfied, yet guilty lol.
2	I had the new Prime Rib dip sandwich. Not much good to say about it. The size of the sandwich was very small and it was very salty. I had the cheese curds for the side which wasn't bad.
5	The food is always good and the staff is always friendly! Can't go wrong with the cheese curds which are oh-so-yummy!
4	I eat here often because it's right next door to my work. I usually only get a plain single butter burger with mashed potatoes and gravy.  That order is the least in calorie count and it's good.
3	Meh. Ate here because I was in town for a grad school interview and this place was close to our hotel. Got the chocolate shake, butter burger and onion rings. Everything was okay, prices were cheap (but I'm used to so-cal prices). I definitely prefer five guys or in and out.They do have a large menu with sandwiches and sides so if I'm ever in the area (though very unlikely) I'd try something else.
2	I realize I'm going against the grain with this review, but,  do we really need another corporate burger place. The sameness is dreadful. The burgers are average, noise level - average, decor - average, ambiance - nonexistent. Walk across the parking lot to the Greek Patio and get some real food next time you're in north Phoenix.
2	Not sure why this place gets so many raves for their food. Don't get me wrong...the frozen custard is delicious,  but the burgers, hot dogs and stuff are just average. We showed up with some friends who insisted we try the butterburgers. They tasted like Wendy's,  only about 3 times as expensive. The fries weren't bad, but, like everything else in our society, they were salted way too much. If the prices were closer to a regular fast food place I would give them a higher rating.
5	Bomb! Burger was so good, tasted fresh. I hate to say this, but better than In-n-out. Fries weren't that great. But I'm definitely coming back next time I crave a burger. Ice Cream and Burgers in one stop, I'm there!
4	Love the custard and quality food!  Best place for cheese curds :).
4	I really like their burgers.  They are buttery delicious.  Also, their rootbeer is yummy!  And of course the custard.  Just wish they fries were a little different and I wish restaurants would take out the TV's or just have one area so families can visit.
5	They have a frequent lunch punch card. Get one. Use it. Save more $$.Wish they had coupons more often.Fast service.When they started putting the fish sandwich in a cardboard box, they left the top bun off the sandwich like 3 different times.  They finally seem to have corrected that process problem.Food is yummy.  I like the chopped steak and fish sandwich best.I do not eat the frozen custard.
4	My original review still sticks. We went inside this time. Burgers still good, juicy and delish. Got mine topped with mushrooms and swiss. Added some cheese curds to the side - which may have been a mistake. Not that they were bad - but 2 patties w/cheese, curds and a malted are plenty o' calories and fat for me in one sitting. If yer lookin for a juicy burger and a malt - check it out.
5	Anything I have ever had here is great!  You won't be sorry for going here!
4	Deer Valley rock's..Been to the Gilbert store. They need some work
3	My colleagues and I came here for lunch. We just beat the lunch rush and was ready to order. The cashier was somewhat rude however she did get my order correct. There was a lot of space in the sitting area. I got my order pretty quick. Double patty mushroom & swiss burger with cheese curds. Food was bomb!!! Cashier lady was not.....I don't expect sunshine and rainbows but a smile does go a long way.
3	I can only speak for Culver's fish sandwich because I never had one of their burgers. So this review is NOT about any other items Culver's sells.Culver's is like one of my favorite places to go for a fish sandwich because it is made with North Atlantic cod that is hand cut, hand battered and cooked to order. There's no denying it, their Fish sandwich is like a Filet O' fish on 'roids. It isn't a processed fish filet like other "fast food" places. Their fish is light, tender and juicy.  The batter tastes great, without being greasy. It was perfectly crispy. I found every bite to be delicate, flaky extremely tasty and and plentiful.PRICE: reasonable prices. SERVICE: Friendly employees and they bring your order to you so that you don't stand around awkwardly waiting on your food. FOOD:  The portions and value are very good. Absolutely the finest quality and unlike a typical fast food fish sandwich fish and chips, it isn't  oily. it had a nice breading with a tempura quality to it, but thicker. AMBIENCE: The interior itself is very nice, clean and well decorated. CONCLUSION:  If you are looking for good quality fast food, friendly service, great variety at a decent price then this place is for you ...You really can't ask for more.
2	When I ordered at the drive thru, the lady working the drive thru speaker messed up the order multiple times. Also, the drive thru did not have a digital box that showed your order and that amount that was due, which caused more confusion on top of the lady who kept screwing up the order. After 5 MINUTES, the lady finally got the order correct.      The food was good, but the drive through experience is what made this review at 2 star one.
1	So their website advertised something and they didn't have it...ordered fries and no ketchup in order.i called and they wouldn't make the order correct. I won't go back
5	We love their custard. I love getting the chocolate custard with a cone and my husband gets the peanut butter concrete mixers. They pile on the toppings which I love. They are always helpful and love they have so many high chairs plus booster seats. Kid friendly.
4	Awesome custard and burgers.  Nothing says greasy happiness like cheese curds.  They do it right considering they are a big chain..
4	Typical Culver's. Food is always tasty and hot (because I always have to pull forward and park).
4	Culver's was very, very good. The Butterburger was very good and well cooked. The fries were good, but their those type of fries that are only good with ketchup. I tried the Culver's root beer. It was very good! Like no root beer I have ever had before. The custard was very creamy! Delicious! I got the Andes concrete mixer with vanilla custard. It was really good! Culver's was amaz!
5	Do not leave this place without getting their ice cream (I think they call them concrete mixers) seriously delicious! One of my favorite places to go to get a nice cool treat! Customer service is great!
1	Admittedly, I try not to eat too much fast food. (The high proportion of morbidly obese patrons at Culver's explains why.) this place is highly overrated, though. The burgers are only slightly better than Burger King and McD's, a situation the wider variety of sides makes up for only a little. Even the vaunted cheese curds are just meh: tasty for the first few but too greasy fried to feel good about finishing. The same applies for pretty much everything on the menu. There are cheap hamburgers worth the colestherol-induced food coma this place always provides, but this isn't. Try Lenny's Burgers or Two Hippies instead. They're both better and cheaper.
2	Decided to try this place for dinner. For a fast food place, it is very overpriced.The butter burger was dripping with grease, and was otherwise fairly bland. The cheese curds are tasty, but the fries are merely average. The chicken sandwich was decent at least.
4	Early afternoon visit.  Service was prompt and courteous.  Had the chicken almond salad which was really very good.  I almost bought a second one.  Salad with bottled water was about ten bucks.Restaurant was very clean.  My favorite fast food restaurant.
3	We like to come to Culver's when we all can't decide on what to eat - they, actually have a pretty wide selection! We have tried hamburgers, grilled cheese, cheese curds, ice cream, fried chicken, and chicken strips (regular and buffalo). This food is not going to win any awards for its exemplary taste but it is a solid choice when you just want something fast. The fried chicken is surprisingly good - but be prepared to wait if you order it. The cheese curds are, hands down, our family fave. None of us really care for the ice cream here and so we typically skip that. The interior of the restaurant is nice and clean. It is a kid friendly set up which is another reason we come here.
4	My sister's in-laws are from Wisconsin so whenever we are in Phoenix we have to stop at Culver's and take a picture of the nephew to send to the midwest.  Surprisingly, for a fast-food burger joint, the food is pretty good.  I've had the grilled chicken sandwich, cheese curds, sweet potato fries, onion rings, chicken strips and frozen custard (not all at once, mind you ;) ).  The cheese curds are pretty greasy so difficult to eat too many.  The chicken sandwich was cooked well, moist and on a fresh bun.  The fries and onion rings are quality as well.  But the custard... oh my... super tasty.  Rich, but creamy and worth every bite and calorie.  This location is clean and the service is quick.  Don't forget to get the custard!
4	Always great to find a burger joint which has high standards when it comes to their ingredients, particularly the beef.  Juicy, thicker than a typical fast food burger patty,  and of course perfectly paired with the buttery bun.  The original burger is a decent size and comes in at under 400 calories. Simple food done in such a great way really makes the visit worthwhile. This location is very clean, very welcoming, and has great customer service. I've heard a lot about their frozen custard,  so looking forward to the next visit.
4	First time at this Culver's. Been to the Chandler location numerous times with good results. Arrived at 11:40 AM on a Wednesday and it was 1/3 full. The counter service was minimal, as my cashier was disengaged from his main focus: service. Had it been my first time, I would've been lost with the extensive menu and toppings choices. Good thing I knew what I was doing. I ordered a Cheddar Butterburger with Bacon, a side of Cheese Curds and a soft drink. The burger was hot, with melted cheese, crisp veggies and a toasted bun. The curds, battered and then deep fried, never disappoint. I recommend Culver's for a quick, inexpensive bite. For service: it needs some polishing up.
1	I am going to stop spending my money here.  The Custard is great, the food is average to below, and the counter help could care less if you were there or not.  Spoke to the owner once and I get why the place is this way.  He was frustrated that I would call and tell him about my horrible  experience there after he had just fired all 4 of his mangers and half his staff.  Seems to me that maybe its not the Managers faults, but the training they get from above.  Anyway...not for me any more.  I bet I spent  250 a month there for the last 18 months.  How many other people who dont take the time to write a review has this poorly run restaurant driven off?  Good Luck, I  will not be back.
