3	It's kinda strange when you enter because you literally hit the hotel's registration counter, and then you wonder where the restaurant is because it looks like the hotel couldn't fit a restaurant.  It's to the left of the counter.  Anyhow, I have mixed feelings.  One, it's a huge buffet.  Two, it's cheap (8.99 for dinner, maybe 7.99? for lunch) and includes all you can drink soda, chai, etc.  Three, mango lassi is part of the buffet.  Four, the food on the buffet can be very strange.  So, pricewise, when you include free drinks/mango lassi, it's damn worth it, as long as you can find two or three other items you like.  On the other hand, you may not like anything at all on the buffet.  Their nan is average in texture but has garlic and herbs, so it's now foccacia nan and tastes delicious.  Papadum is done well.  Lamb kabobs are good, but I wish they had lamb curry.  Their selection of meat is small relative to the size of the buffet.On the other hand, they have plenty of vegetarian items, but I prefer to avoid cream, butter and cheese that I didn't eat much of them.  I did try the spinach and they have the most wonderful version of spinach: it's cheesy spinach (but doesn't look like there's melted cheese in it).  Awesome.  But then again, their chickpeas were in a sauce that tasted like a combination of spaghetti sauce and ketchup-- yuck!I suppose this place is geared to fat vegetarians who can have dairy.  Oh, and the atmosphere is pretty lonesome.  It was probably once the grand dining hall of the hotel and now kinda ghostly.  I think it's worth an initial visit and worth it for budget eaters.
4	The atmosphere in this place does leave something to be desired, butI have always left relatively satisfied. The food isn't quite as good as India Garden, but the buffet selection is bigger, and it's less expensive. With Indian food, I only eat bread and meat dishes, they usually have 4 meat selections:  chicken curry, chicken in a cream sauce, a grilled chicken with spice, and the 4th varies. Overall, worth a stop if you are in the neighborhood.
3	This place is crazy! It's an Indian restaurant located within a Days Inn. I love it because it's so quirky. Go for the buffet. Don't bother with the menu. The buffet is just as unique as the location of the restaurant. They usually have several vegetarian options and some meat options also. What makes this buffet so different is the fact that it has malai kofta, pickled toppings, and self serve mango lassi. I have never seen any of the above mentioned items on a buffet.The taste is not the best and sometimes the food comes off as warmed over, but it is good and so much fun to stop in and stuff your belly with as much or as little as you like, all while sitting in such an unusual location.
1	I cannot believe how anyone can like this place. May be the service was bad the day I went. I walked in .... then found that the place had a smell that was not pleasant. But, I got adjusted to that in a few moments. I found only 4 or 5 items in the buffet. None of them looked fresh. I tried this place only because of the other yelp reviews. I would never go there again.
5	I have sampled pretty much every Indian eatery in the Pittsburgh area, and hands down, this is as close to an authentic Indian meal that I have found. The price is reasonable and the food is consistently tasty. The buffet typically has a wide variety of items to choose from and includes mango lasse and hot chai tea. It's not a typical setting for such a culinary find, but don't let that keep you from trying their fantastic cuisine.
2	Agree with chaitiyana. This place is pretty bad. The food isn't fresh. They have a Buffet even for dinner. I stayed at Days Inn for 2wks here and was forced to eat here a few times. The mango lassi was good, the naans (when fresh) were good, but mostly it all stunk.
4	The hotel has a little listing for Maharaja which includes some pretty specific and weird hours, none of which include Mondays. I called on a Monday to confirm and got a dude saying they close 9ish. I showed up and they have a menu that states pretty simply, 11am - 10pm 7 days a week.. Buffet closes at 9:30.They didn't speak about, point to or even half heartedly gesture to the menu. I was immediately pointed to the buffet and told "have whatever you want" or something similar. There were 6 veg options,  4 meats (biryanis and curries), nan, poori and bhajis, kheer and pleasantly hot gulab jamun, average (free, unlimited) lassi, some good chai,  and decent chutneys and lemon pickles.Meals ends with mukhwa, but the candy and plain fennel seeds are kept in seperate bowls. The emphasis on customer self-reliance here could be construed as bad or lazy service, but I appreciate the lax environment.
4	Good, quick, tasty Indian food. They always have the buffet going and it's great to stop in and grab a quick belly stuffing. It's tucked inside a days inn of all places but location is of no concern. Very wide range of food and sides. So, so good. Decent prices too. Always friendly.
4	We love this place for some reason.  We've been to India Garden, Taj Mahal, Tamarind, and Flavor of India.  I'll admit that sometimes it's really great and sometimes it's just good, seems to depend who is doing the cooking.  The service is pretty much non existent, which I'm fine with, don't have to leave a tip!  So for $9 or so you get a nice lunch or dinner buffet with mango lassi, pop, and chai tea included.
1	Maharaja is located in the Days Inn on Banksville Rd, and we tried it one day for lunch. Not really understanding the positive reviews here, but to each his/her own. I found the food watery, overcooked (even by Indian food standards) and tasteless. There seemed to be no care in preparation of the dishes, so that the vegetables weren't cut into the same sizes, each dish tasted much like the other, and the food didn't even look attractive. I don't mind divey surroundings, but I abhor a smelly old carpet, and they have wall to wall carpeting that was around before most of us were. They offer mango lassi which they keep in the original gallon plastic jug that they bought it in...at least pretend that you made it. There are 2 better Indian restaurants a stones throw from this place...Namaste and Mintt, both across the street.
3	This is pretty close to where we live so we eat there quite a bit. Freshness of food really is hit or miss. I like all of the veggie options there. I think it's a great place to take someone who has never had Indian food. Buffet style lets someone new to this kind of food try a bit of everything. The mango lassi is always delicious! I like that it's NEVER busy, crowded or loud. Anytime we want to to relax for weekend lunch, we head there for the chilled out environment. They are currently undergoing a remodel, so I am looking forward to seeing what it looks like when they are finished.
