2	Leven's didn't do it for me. I was served a reasonable soup to start, but the fusion main course didn't work, at all. The food lacked pop and zing.Overall, we said: "Leven's was disappointing. The welcome was bright, but the dishes were quite bland and muted. The service went beyond attentive in to obtrusive, at times, and once the main courses were done, we made a swift exit and went for tea in a lovely little place, two doors down. Leven's has attracted some serious adulation in some of its reviews, so I may well give it another visit, perhaps in the evening, to see whether I can figure out what went wrong, today. I'll make that a solo quest though, as on the basis of today's meal, I couldn't recommend the place to others."
4	We love going to this restaurant often before a show at the Kings Theatre. The staff are always so welcoming and friendly and we would say it is the best Fusion food in Edinburgh. The lunch and pre theatre menus are excellent value and the food delicate and different. If you push the boat our the a la carte menu is wide and varied. It always surprises us that it is so quiet much of the time. It needs to be discovered by more people
4	This going to a little controversial going by other reviews but I really enjoyed my dining experience here on Friday night.Steph and I started with the mixed sharing platter of starts. On this was a crisp vegetable spring roll, fish cake, chicken stay skewer and chicken cooked in pandanus leaf Served with a chili sauce and plum sauce on the side. all were well cooked and had nice flavour.For my main I had roast gressingham duck which came with two very distinct sauces. The duck was cooked perfectly and was very tender, the sauces packed a suitable punch but even more importantly has lovely layered flavours. The sticky coconut rice on the side met expectations making for a lovely dish.For desert I had their coconut creme brule with pandanus ice cream. Crisp top, creamy custard with pieces of coconut adding further texture.The service was excellent, the wine list varied and the food enjoyable. Overall I thought this place was tastier and better value than some of its more illustrious counterparts in the city.Jd Recommended!!
