5	This MC is on my way to work. In the mornings I usually go and get some coffee to wake me up. I ordered one of their mcafe things and an apple pie. The coffee was great and with some creamer it tasted damn good. The apple pie was awesome and reminded me of how much I loved  the warm apple pies my mom was preparing me when I was a little kid. Even though it was really hot when I got it, that first bite tasted like heaven. Mixed with the coffee and considering how inexpensive the meal was itself I must say my breakfast was so good. I know it is not the healthiest of choices but sometimes I like to throw health out the window when it comes to being happy and eating things that just taste really really good. I'll probably get breakfast there more often now especially since I don't really like eating breakfast at home.
1	Got my order to go, when I arrived home, noticed one of the sandwiches was missing.  No big deal, mistakes are made, the rating is for the response I received when I called.  Acted like the didn't believe me.  No, come on back, we"ll have it waiting, no apology, nothing.
1	The managers at this place are a bunch of ass clowns. Drive thru takes 10 min. ! You have to pull around for a cheeseburger and a coke, and there coffee machine is always getting cleaned at 6:00-7:00am. Hey dumbass, people like coffee in the Morning! Go to the one on Power and Ray. They are dialed in up there.
5	Always so fast, consistent and courteous. Nice to see the same people working there for many years.
1	If you notice, they are always running around stressing and running around like if they were lost. I bought a steak breakfast burrito a few days ago and instead they gave me a sausage burrito. Finally, it took three times for them to get it right, how hard is that?
1	All I ordered was 2 large fries, it took 11 minutes. Here with 3 kids, there are no napkins in the dispensers. Trash everywhere. I only see young kids/teenagers working, they seem lost and confused. Tried ordering sundaes also and they had no spoons! I wish there were a Chik-Fil-A closer!!
1	Bad attitude  never thought I would not go to a McDonald's  this one never go back. Always trying to up sell  please its fast food
1	Their ice cream machine seems like it's always down, don't go there if you are expecting a hot filet-o-fish sandwich.
1	If I could give a 0 for this McDonald's I would.  This seriously is the WORST, I mean very WORST fast food place ever.  They hire really lame employees and do not properly stock their supplies.We've been here a few times and we know how McDonald's food tastes, not real great, but this one is way subpar.  I remember one time and this was over a year ago, we ordered a bunch of stuff for a family of four.  They told us they didn't have everything cook and had us pull around and wait.  We were in the drive-thru.  So, we did.Nearly 1/2 hr goes by.  We see people enter the place and leave the place with food, but still ours wasn't done.  I finally went in and asked about it.  They said, oh, sorry.  We got the food and when I went back to the car to check, the food was fricken' cold.Are you serious?  I went back in and asked for a refund, which they didn't want to give me a refund, but finally they did.  We left the place really hungry, no food, and very aggravated.Several times, this was the closest McDonald's and we needed ice.  I tell you, 100% of the time, they were always out of bags of ice.  Really?  I've actually never been to a McDonald's where they ran out of ice.  If you don't sell, ice, then why advertise for it?We honestly thought maybe they were having an off day, but there have been maybe a couple other times where we got the food and it tasted like it had been sitting for hours under some heat lamp.  Ugggh.  So, though this McDonald's is the closest to where we live, if we need ice or some fast food, we make sure never to go to this one again.  The people are beyond unintelligent and totally lack customer service.Whomever is the owner for this franchise needs to do a better job of selecting their people and seeing that they provide good customer service and follow good protocols as the rest of the McDonald's.  At this point, it's a joke between my husband and I about this McDonald's and I don't even know how they stay in business.  They definitely are not following McDonald's standards for how to run a business.
1	Gave the place another try. Big Mistake. Very happy to see all of the bad reviews. This place is Vary Bad. No Ice, No coffee, no ice cream, no apple pies. Anybody that would write a good review here must work there. NEVER GO TO THIS DUMP!!!Notice the drive thru is always empty at lunch and dinner hour. The neighborhood has figured it out.
2	the food wasnt that bad as far as mcdonalds goes, but they screwed up my drive thru order almost every time I went there. I'll go out of my way to go somewhere else.
1	I hate to beat a dead horse, but this is, by far, THE WORST McDonald's I've ever been to. I don't usually eat at McDonald's, but the kids seem to enjoy the play area at this location.  It's a shame that everything else is in such disarray.-ALL of the tables were dirty with leftover food and grease. You may think I'm joking. Nope. ALL of them.-The utensil/drink area was covered with trash, napkins, straws, and spilled soda.-The ketchup dispenser was out of ketchup.-There was no iced tea in the dispenser.-The girl that took our order definitely did NOT want to be there. Mumbling. Looked depressed. I can understand that by the working conditions.-Both of my hamburgers were cold--the cheese was not melted. We don't come here for the food anyways, so I wasn't expecting much.-My wife asked for no cheese and no sauce--it had cheese and sauce on it.-Asked for apples instead of fries for our kid's meals. They got fries.  We went up to the counter and they were very hesitant in giving us the apples. They were going to charge us for the apples.  Oh my.  They finally just gave them to us.-There was spilled ice cream on the floor that was sitting there for who knows how long. We had to ask someone to clean it up. The worker used a dust pan, not a mop. There was still ice cream left on the floor after he left. Another customer had to clean it up.Please CLOSE this McDonald's. Don't ever visit this location. No matter how much your kids beg you. Never.
1	This is the worst mcdonalds ever..they can never get something simple as a small fry correct..they run out of ice, sweet tea, there ice cream machine is always down, the fries are always cold and stale..I don't understand what the problem is ....it's like they don't care, customer service is just horrible . How hard is it to get an order correct ...I mean damn. .they should just close down because I'll rather eat a sandwich from my house than waste another penny here ..get it together seriously...
