5	Pam was fantastic!  I am new to town and was looking for a new place to get my nails done.  My nails are in such bad shape after time in South America and she has taken some great steps to help me get them back into shape.  I highly recommend her for both a maincure and pedicure!
5	Pam is amazing, best nail tech I have ever had. Her Shellac manicures are the best, my nails look so good. Pam is informative she'll help you find the right type of artificial nail is best for you, but even better with her Shellac and OPI Gel colors your nails will look great and nothing will be artificial because you don't need it. I love the Nail art Pam does rather it's something you want or her own idea, I'm never dissapointed. I'm not one for spa pedicures, don't really care for them, but with Your Nail Gal Pam they are worth every penny especially the shellac pedicures. AS long as Pam has her shop I will be a customer for life and always recommend her to others.
5	Pam is awesome at what she does!!!! I get my gel manicures and pedicures from her ...((absolute)) BEST I ever have had..! ((and I'm very picky)) She was kind and greeted me with refreshments and a sweet voice! Even the atmosphere in her salon will let you get the pampering feel we all want.! So glad I found an actual good manicurist that doesn't rush and ruin my nails, but helps them to grow healthier and stronger .! My gel manicures last about 3 weeks, ((and would last longer but my nails grow so fast))!! I love Pam's work.! Go to her!!! Your missing out if you don't.!
5	Pam is great!!  She is an encyclopedia of nail information. My friend & I went on a coupon & are now booking for months ahead...best shellac application in town!  Love her!!
5	Pam is amazing and that is all that is needed. My nails are perfect every time and I am the pickiest person on the planet! I can find something wrong with everything....but not with my nails. Love love love!
5	I agree, Pam is great!  I had both a shellac manicure and spa pedicure and was impressed with her work.  It's been a long time since I had an appointment devoted just to me without the walk-ins, etc., so common in strip mall shops.  I'm definitely going back.  Oh and the yelp deal was great too!
5	Another amazing gel manicure! She even had a great color picked out for me based on my last pick.
5	I had a fantastic experience with Pam. I had a wonderful shellac manicure and pedicure a couple of days ago and it still looks great today! She sent me home with a bottle of solar oil which I have been faithfully using twice a day. My nails and cuticles already look better. It was really nice to have someone focus just on me and take their time. Her prices are higher (not by much) than your typical crowded (and sometimes dirty) nail salon, but it was worth it. I will definitely be back.
5	What else can I say that hasn't already been said about the lovely Pam? She is FABULOUS! I am a relatively new customer (about 3 months) and I've had fantastic experiences each time. She does the most incredible nail art I've ever seen! I literally text her and say, "Pam, can you do so and so nail art?" and within minutes I get this reply: "Absolutely!" She brings my crazy ideas to life and I receive compliments on my nails DAILY! I would recommend her to anyone who loves gel manicures and especially those nail art junkies like myself!
5	I made an appt with Pam after purchasing a certificate from another deal site. I was totally thrilled with the manicure I rec'd. My hands and nails were in awful shape and I could not believe the difference after receiving the sugar scrub. She is totally brilliant and I learned a lot about getting a great manicure and skin care from her in my hour appt. In fact I was so tickled I am going back tomorrow for a touch of heaven pedicure.  I can't wait!
5	Pam is such an amazing nail tech. She is such a joy to be around. And my nails always look amazing. If your looking for a great nail tech, look no further. If you want nail art, she does that amazingly! PAM,YOU ROCK!!!!
5	I have had the great pleasure of getting to know Pam for over a year now.  I first found her by looking at the CND Shellac website to see who in my are really uses the product.  So many advertise that they do gel nails, but is it the real product?  From the first visit Pam had me hooked on gel nails and on her amazing service. She is talented at her trade and always provides the best care to your nails.  She is so creative in developing new designs or color palettes.  I will never entrust my nails to anyone else but Pam.
5	pam is the best... my nails have never looked better
5	I was hesitant to try a new nail tech, after several years with the same person.  I found Pam on Yelp and she truly does an amazing job.  She takes her time, is very thorough and has a HUGE selection of products.  She works 7 days a week, is very accommodating with her hours.  She is very knowledgeable about nails and products.  I am glad I found her and made the switch.  You won't be disappointed as she is a perfectionist.
2	The end product was good however the overall experience was not pleasant. I've NEVER been charged extra for having my old gel removed. My nails lasted as long as expected however having a conversation with Pam was like pulling teeth I bought a deal on Deal Chicken as someone who needs to use Deal Chicken to drum up business she was not trying to hard to keep my loyalty. I will not go back to Pam.
1	I'm glad many of you had decent experiences with Your Nail Gal Pam, and while I can give her credit for doing a fine shellac manicure or two, I am not one of her fans. Too bad, because she clearly knows her nail stuff. People stuff, not so much. I was dumb enough to go to Pam five times. What a grouchy technician: her attitude made me feel terrible. Like Pam, I am a plus-sized girl. She grimaced and complained when I got onto her pedicure throne, and got upset when I asked about having a gel pedicure. Frankly, the way her salon was set up made it a tight fit for her when doing my pedicure...but somehow that was my fault. Despite my being on time, neat and clean, always tipping well, and taking good care of my nails between visits, Pam never seemed happy to see me. My last straw was when she cursed at me for not relaxing my leg muscles during a massage. Um, goodbye. I have no time, money or patience for being treated like the woman who ruined her life.
1	How kind of Your Nail Gal Pam to respond to my review. However, she got a few things about me wrong that I'd like to correct. I am not a professional nail client. I'm a regular woman who gets monthly pedicures from an absolutely charming, competent and polite technician. She has never made faces at me, cursed at me, or indicated that I might break her equipment. She also works in a small space, however it is arranged so she and her clients are comfortable. Yes, I once wrote a series of articles for Nails Magazine, however, only one was about working with obese clients. I also wrote about hand treatments including plastic surgery, massage, clients with disabilities, luxury pedicure options, language barriers, and did salon reviews. When I was still able to work, I wrote on a number of subjects, including beauty, automotive, and more.  I enjoyed my research and learned a lot. I never came to Pam with gels on my toes, nor did I ever ask her to remove gels that she didn't apply in the first place. She had a policy in place about gels and removals, and I respected that. Pam is certainly entitled to set up her salon space however she wishes...it IS her business. However, the pedicure throne is in a fixed position, and I fit on that, so her claim of being a contortionist is strange.She accused me of exceeding her chair's weight limit. Hmmm. I never mentioned my weight to her, nor did I weigh myself in her salon. Yes, I am fat. That's not easy to hide. And yes, bench style seating is awesome. However, I use pedicure thrones every month with no problem. If she was so concerned about her equipment, she could have asked me not to use it and suggested an alternative. Yes, I waited to write this review. I made notes after each visit, hoping to figure out what I could do to unleash this super tech that so many were swooning about.  I dare say none of the beauty pros I work with now would consider me an undesirable client. True, my diabetes and severe arthritis might make me a challenge, but with open dialogue and common courtesy on both sides of the chair, issues are easily resolved. If Pam makes you happy and makes your nails gorgeous, then good for you. We all have choices. But if your experiences were more like mine, don't feel bad or embarrassed or think you did something wrong. There are plenty of nail techs out there who welcome clients who are differently abled. The tech I use now provides incredible, relaxing massage that makes me drool. Pam just made me sad and humiliated.
4	I used a deal chicken for a gel manicure. My nails look great and are going on 2 weeks looking great. The place was small and could use a clean up but I was overall happy with the price I paid on deal chicken and wouldn't pay more than that.
5	I had such a wonderful mani-pedi with Pam yesterday. She was very friendly and professional. She gave me the best pedicure I've ever had. When she did my shellac nails, she applied the product very carefully and made sure she got it on the tip and under the nail. She very carefully removed any from my cuticle. She advised me on how to take care of my nails, and even gave me a small bottle of an oil to use. I already have my next appointment booked. The room is compact but Pam has plenty of room to do her work. I have found my nail specialist from now on.
3	It was probably about a year ago that Pam did my nails. I had no idea she had a Yelp page, or I would have submitted a review earlier.She made me feel pretty bad about the state of my nails. I was there to get pretty nails and she just kept putting me down about the fact that my nails were so short.The nail job was fine, it wast just a very uncomfortable experience. Pam didn't really seem like she wanted to be doing my nails.
5	I found Pam almost a year ago after searching for a professional who could provide quality services for my nails.  She is the best!  I was pleased that she provided me with the education that I needed to get my nails healthy and consider alternative options to acrylic without compromising length.  Pam is an amazing artist and she is just fun to watch her create at each appointment.  I love that I can send her a design picture before my appointment and she is always prepped to make my nails look the same!  I get so many compliments on my nails but most of all I enjoy them and the services provided by Pam.  She is a stellar professional!A point to consider is that Pam is the owner and operator of her business.  She is committed to your appointment but clients also need to respect her schedule and keep appointments as they are arranged.
1	Never again. Pam wasn't friendly and made my friend and I feel like we were putting her out.
5	I found Pam through a special coupon offer.  I had just moved into the area and wanted a real manicurist with whom I could develop a relationship.  I tried the large nail salons where you can just walk in and get your nails done, but it just wasn't the experience I wanted.  After taking advantage of the special coupon offer I have been going to Pam regularly for several months.  I like the fact that she is professional.  She takes her time and is a perfectionist.  My nails have been peeling but with the regular manicures this is improving.  I enjoy visiting with Pam and find her to be delightful.  If you are looking for a real professional you should make an appointment with Pam.
5	Pam is AMAZING!  I love it when I get me nails done with pam! I always get complements on my nails and I get ask "where do you get your nails done?" Sometimes I don't want to tell people because I want Pam to be my little secret! Pam knows her stuff and she uses the TOP OF THE LINE products! Pam has OVER 100 different colors and she even makes her own colors, and she is CND certified!  Which means she has been trained in the proper technique to apply shellac! and Pam is just amazing, she is the BEST nail technician!! Go to pam for all you nail needs! P.S.  Pam give the best manicures and pedicures in Arizona! and trust me I have been to SEVERAL nail salon before I found Pam!
5	I had been looking for a really good nail professional for a long time.  When I found the deal for a gel manicure with Pam, I was hoping I had found a good nail tech.  I was happily surprised that I had found someone that is as much a perfectionist about my nails as I am.  My nails are so pretty and are getting healthier.  So many color and design choices too.  I have been to her twice and look forward to many more!  :)
