5	I took my 2 sons here to try out the batting cages.  This place is AMAZING!  The staff is great, it is wonderful environment and my kids have so much fun in the batting cages!  We also have done lessons, and will continue to do them.  it is amazing how much they have learned from just a few months of WOB training.  I would HIGHLY recommend it!
5	I was driving by the baseball school a few weeks ago with my sons Neil and Joel, and i asked them if they wanted to check it out, and my oh my did they have the day of their lives. They already knew how to hit balls, but now they really smack 'em! my sons have been asking me everyday when we get to go back next. so I love this place, makes my daddy duties easier!
5	Better than video games! I take my boys there and they love it! It's airconditioned and great exercise. They are continually improving and excited about little league next year.
5	I'm a single mother and brought my small son in to World of Baseball to see if someone could help him, as I had no clue how to teach him to hit a ball. The guys who work there were so excited about a little guy wanting to play and took us straight away into a hitting room to hit off of a tee. We came in a few days a week for about half an hour and practiced hitting on the tee but he was getting a bit bored. The instructor noticed his lack of excitement at the tee and changed up the teaching. By the end of the second week my little son was in the batting cage (of course, the slowest one) hitting balls! He wasn't scared, he wasn't nervous, he wasn't upset when he missed! The guys made sure the pitching machine was set perfectly for his size and everyone was super excited for him when he hit one, then two, three, four, five and six balls! I couldn't believe it! The older kids in there training are very kind to my son and I, they are super encouraging and excited to see such a little boy in with them doing "big boy" things. We're going to be there every week forever! My son LOOOOVES it and said he wants to "wiv [live] at the baseball school.
5	This is more than a bunch of batting cages.  This is where you learn to hit.  Wolfe is my son's instructor, he is a natural coach, you can tell he loves baseball and hitting.  They have an area for soft toss, tee, and live pitching as well as machines.  If  you have a membership it's all available to you whenever you want, not just during lessons.
5	The staff here is great, my son loves his monthly membership.
1	It was dark inside the cages and the pitches were very inconsistent. The guy in the cage next to me got beaned by a pitch. No bueno.
5	I'm over in Arizona from Ireland for a few weeks work and as i play hurling in Ireland I always wanted to have a go at baseball so I dropped by here for the closest thing to it! This place was as we say in Ireland "Un-Feckin-Real"...!! The guys working there deserve a lot of credit as they were willing to point a baseball virgin like me in the right direction to pop my batting cherry..! They chose a suitable bat for me and after two or three shots advised me that I needed to switch my hands which made a huge difference to my batting! I would and most likely will be back numerous times before I ship back out to Ireland as this place is top notch in every aspect.
4	We have been coming here for years. The staff is great and they are good about making appointments to reserve a cage.
5	Never mind what I have to say...my Kid loves this place! Whether swinging by to hit balls in the cages or for baseball camp my youngest thinks this place ROCKS! Oh, in the summer, this is the coolest place in town. AC and batting cages are a blessing during 110 degree days. The staff is always helpful, they treat the kids well even while maintaining a little baseball tradition of goofing on ya a bit. It's perfect for both boys and young ladies. Great skill and confidence building. We'll be signing up for some private coaching this year. Hopefully with Coach Dude" or Coach "Redbeard"
