4	A little known fact is that HoneyBaked Ham sells sandwiches and other lunch-type fare.  Take advantage of this opportunity.  They use their own mouth-watering, thick-sliced meats and really take the deli sandwich to a new level.  I had their classic ham sandwich and it was great.  The ham was fantastic, especially when paired with their dijon mustard (and I don't even like mustard!!).  The loss of a star here is because the bread was a little tough and roughed up the roof of my mouth.  Ouch.  Other than that, it was great and they have a lot of offerings from hot and cold sandwiches, soup, etc.  Check it out, you'll like it.
4	A great place to eat a good sandwich, this is a franchise and the owner's are extremely friensly, offering up all kinds of taste tests in the minute or two that you are waiting for your food.I turned my company on to this place and this is now an office favorite when we order food in!Try the Club sandwich, with the original sliced honey ham...it just feels so right!
4	Good Sandwich's at a Fair PriceFrom the moment you walk in the door at the Honeybaked Ham Company Cafe you are greeted with friendly smiles. I have stopped in for a quick sandwich on several occasions and have always had a good experience. The Honeybaked Ham Company Cafe offers good sandwiches at a fair price.Thr cafe is small however, the Honey Baked Ham has  a wonderful selection of sandwiches. The most challenging  part of your visit  is selecting a sandwich. There's the stacker, tavern club, ham salad, and my favorite the chicken salad which is always a good lunch choice.If your looking for a quick bite to eat, stop by the Honeybaked Ham Company Cafe  the food is always good and the staff is friendly and helpful.
1	left this place pretty disappointed.. The person that took my order wasn't kind enough to explain to me the difrence between a box combo and watts on there menu wich with box combo you get more for your money then having to buy all the sides separate. She said I haft to tell them (OK  ) the whole trying to figure out issue takes about 5 minuts of my lunch break and embarrassing moment as there is people in line waiting to order. Finally I get my order to go and on my way out I decide to check my order and it's not all there here we go again pretty disappointing i payed with a 50$ gift card Im not shure if I wanna go back to this kind of customer service ...  didn't even get a sorry !!!
