4	Green curry is delicious :D
4	I will start off by saying that I was very hesitant to try this place.  The thai place that was housed here before this was very near and dear to my heart.  It was where a close knit group of friends and I often met to break bread and enjoy one another's company.  But I caved and gave it a chance...I'm glad I did!I am a sucker for Pad Woon-Sen.  So of course, this is what I ordered.  I was excited when she asked me how spicy I wanted it and I quickly answered, "VERY!"  I got what I ordered!  A steaming plate of glass noodles mixed with chicken, mushrooms, broccoli, and other veggies.  It also comes with a side of rice.  The thing about this was that the level of spiciness is apparent throughout the entire dish.  It's not just an afterthought...it's cooked in so with each bite, you get that delicious flavor and a slow building heat...that I love!  We also ordered a side of spring rolls that came with a clear and more "brothy" version of sweet and sour sauce.  It was not too sweet or too sour...it had a very yummy tang.  The spring rolls were very flavorful and crispy.  I am really hoping that this place can last.  We need good Thai places out here in Maryvale.  I'm sure to be back and try some other dishes that will take me out of my comfort zone!
4	I have to confess, I didn't know the store closed at 9 (I flew in from a different time zone so I didn't know what time it was), we came in probably something like 8:40. Even though we were probably considered jerks (and we were!), we were treated like kings and the food was delicious. It's not the best Thai food I've ever had (that award goes to Golden Singha in Seattle), but it was very, very good. The service was impeccable and the portions were perfect.I would return to this restaurant anytime, and to the people that served us: sorry we came in so late, really!
5	Excellent food.  Its a small mom and pop place.  So its  not a big fancy place like a pf chang .  Large menu and it changes every few months.  I have tried a few of their items on their menu and like everyone.  great place for Thai food.  I love it.
4	Wonderful Pad Thai! One of the few Thai restaurants that have a decent Pad Thai. There's no weird orange sauce here. Just a play of deliciousness! Definitely coming back.
4	I work behind this Thai restaurant, at first I was really upset when the old thai place closes but it's not bad at all. The portions are very good the staff treats you like family, and they also have very good lunch specials.
5	Really great Thai food with amazing prices! My favorites are the Pad Kee Mao and the Golden Fried Thai Rice! The place is small and feels like you're in their home! I'd definitely recommend it to everyone!
5	V good food I am vegetarian they cook v good veggie food i go there almost every  week I love Thai food is family own Resturent that r so good people good service red curry is my favorite
4	Random lunch stop and went for the usual chicken pad thai as I dined in the empty restaurant near the end of the lunchtime period. Only $6.95 for the entree and a crispy spring roll. The pad thai was a good version with bean sprouts, white chicken and some crushed peanuts hanging out on the side of the plate (maybe some more?). Their twist is the four pack of sauces that they give you when the entree arrives. One was a yellow powder that was supposed to be fiery and another was also a hot sauce, both of which I had to avoid, but good for hot food fans. I did try the light red sauce that was was kind of sweet and hot and added some flavor gringo style. Can't beat the service either when your the only one in the place.
5	Outstanding Thai food. Fresh and flavorful food in every dish.  My wife adores the red curry and the spring roll appetizer.   I've had a few things from the yellow curry to the pad thai.  Everything is worth getting twice! An absolute win. Be sure to try either the coconut ocean or the mango dessert both worth the trip alone.
4	Good food but small portions. the place is rarely packed but add the only Thai place in the area i'm not sure why it isn't more busy. Service is friendly and they provide vegetarian options.
5	Best Thai food in the west valley!  Nice variety of dishes.  The service is wonderful.  Very attentive and helpful.  I am always amazed at how fast the food is prepared and served.  I think the portion size is perfect for the lunch specials-I am full, but not tempted to be a glutton because it's too good to stop eating.  The prices are excellent.  The food is flavorful and fresh, and they can make it spicy like I like it and mild for my friends.  I are there for lunch and find myself wishing I could go back for dinner.  You have to try it..so good!
5	Best thai in Phoenix !!!! Mom and pop family style! true traditional thai, a true gem !Never had a bad meal here, pad thai, pad kla plao,pad woon sen, panang, green, yellow and red curries are amazing!!! Truly the best
5	Love this place! I get pad see ew here atleast once a week. The egg roles are also fantastic! Officially my favorite thai place EVER!
5	Solid food & service. I've only liked one Thai place but unfortunately it's on the far east valley. Looks like I've got a new one! :)
5	Love it. My goal is to try every dish on the menu.  So far everything is amazing.  Try it, you will not be disappointed.   Be sure to end your meal with a Mango and sticky rice. It's awesome.   There is only 10 tables but their service fantastic and fast.   Did I mention that they always make my daughter her own soup?  We'll she loves it too.
4	A friend and I went in for lunch. The menu is fairly small with not many choices but the food is very good. I had the yellow curry and practically licked the bowl when it was gone. My friend was very happy with his selection as well. I would definitely go back.
5	Don't let the location of this restaurant fool you! I have been to Golden Thai Kitchen numerous times and they always seem to impress me. The waitress is extremely friendly, and the food doesn't take long to get out to your table. I had the Green Curry w/shrimp, and it is hands down one of the best ,if not the best that I have had. The size of the dish isn't too big, but just enough to fill you up. I also had the Thai tea which was great as well. Don't judge a book by its cover. TRY THIS PLACE!
4	My friend loves this place. Not huge Into Thai but gave it a try. Was impressed. Place is nice and clean. Ample room and service is amazing. A had curry and rice. Good was great for my first time. Will surely return and try different items on the menu. Brought my kid and didn't see anything on the menu specially for little kids. Employee offered to specially make a bowl of rice and chicken with vegetables. Really cool.Check it out.
5	I've been wanting to try this place for awhile now noticing it every time I drive by, I just finally worked up the nerve to do it today and all I am asking myself is WHY DID I WAIT SO LONG?! Holy Amaze-balls! I didn't go inside I had a pick-up order and someone else picked it up. I got the yellow curry lunch special, bang for my buck. It came with white rice, obviously the curry, chicken and a spring roll. I don't even like spring rolls and decided to give this one a chance, delicious!!!
5	Delish, had flat noodles w/ shrimp spicy, Mmm mmm. I mentioned to server that it was my first time she was very helpful and friendly she ask what I'd like noodles or rice. Then point out plates with noodles. I devoured the noodles before even thinking of taking a pic. I will definitely recommend. And be back to try the curry.
4	I'm all about supporting local business and avoid chain restaurants so when I like a local place, I yelp about it!This little gem of a restaurant tucked away in front of Lowe's is great to satisfy your Thai craving on this side of Phoenix. It's near my office so it works for lunch. My go to is yellow chicken curry. Hubby's is pineapple fried rice...both very good!
5	Stumbled upon this place one day. I wanted to take my mom out for lunch and we didn't have a normal Thai spot thought would give this a try. Im really glad this place has fantastic food and the service was amazing. Our waitress Ruby would give us what we wanted before we even asked! I would definitely recommend this place...and now my Thai spot!
5	The food is awesome. Delicious!! We used to drive over to Litchfield for good Thai food, then we found this place and it's just as amazing. My picky son even loved it.
