5	I disagree with the previous review, although to be fair, I was assigned a room in the facility's primary (two-story) building.My family and I stayed in the Executive Inn during a long-weekend Spring Training trip.  I was pleased with a great many things about the facility, including its wonderfully friendly staff, spotless accommodations and campus, and availability of free snacks and sodas, 24 hours a day.Staying in the Executive Inn and Conference Center was a terrific value, and I'd recommend the facility to anyone!
5	This place is a sureshot value for money. The multiple number of pubs around it that you can hang out in adds to the value of my time spent here. If you are in town, go for the thunderbird inn, for it's spotless comfy rooms, amazing staff and amazing value for money.
4	Nice clean spacious room with window that could actually be opened :) 24/7 access to free snacks (coffee, pop, granola bars, fruit, juice, milk, candy...) in a card key accessed large nook over lobby.  Free wifi, handy desktops and printer in snack nook.Kind of difficult to find if you don't realize it is on the campus of the Thunderbird School of Global Management.  Felt very safe. Security is good. Staff is friendly. Guests are normal people (sometimes, this is not a given).  Great value for price.  If I ever have to stay in a crappy suburb of Phoenix again, this would be my first choice.
5	My family stayed here for a week and found it to be a very comfortable and very inexpensive ($53 per night with a AAA discount)  place to stay while a loved one was in the hospital down the street.The folks here couldn't have been more friendly and the coffee 24/7 was a huge plus along with free New York Times and WSJs everyday.  We ate at the pub on campus a few times and the food was fine. If you are looking for a 4-star hotel, this is not it but it is a great place to stay if you are on a budget and want someplace clean, friendly and quiet.
5	I use the Inn for weekends in conjunction with the EMBA program and in that regard, it delivers a great product.  The rooms, frankly, remind me of the BOQs from the Army - small, plain rooms for officers who were in transit.  Clean and modern, they offer the added bonus of access to the study rooms upstairs which are critical to collaborating with your classmates.  The price is reasonable and the staff is very accommodating - if you have any reason to spend the night in the area, especially for Thunderbird business, you would be hard-pressed to find a better location.
5	5 stars for value. Nice clean room, huge shower and nice bathroom. The staff is helpful and friendly as well.I would dock this hotel a star for access because when I entered I thought I was back in college. The hotel is located on a management school campus and it was confusing as hell when I arrived, but I won't dock it a star because...THE SNACK BAR!!!Forreal, this place is clutch.  It has tons of snacks and a fridge packed with sodas, juices, waters, powerades, etc.  They also have coffee and tea 24/7.
4	$75/night (hotels.com), excellent amenities, and can't beat the quiet campus setting. Ask for room 101.
5	I too had a hard time finding this hidden gem. I thought my GPS had let me down. But once inside the staff and cleanliness were FANTASTIC! The 24 hour FREE snack bar is simply unbelievable. This place goes in my book as the best deal I have ever found!
4	Great value for a great hotel! The other reviewers were right about the 2nd floor lounge - what a unique treat to have complimentary access to a wide variety of food and drinks! Spent part of the afternoon of one day in my room working while my kid played and watched a movie on TV and never did we feel stifled. The room and furnishings are very comfortable. The entire hotel looks and smells CLEAN. The free in-room WiFi is fast and reliable. Our trip to the pool had a couple of hiccups at the start - be sure to ask for the key to the pool, some pool towels, and directions to the pool at the Front Desk, since it's a little ways from the lobby because it's shared with the students at the school (in summer, we had the pool all to ourselves) - but we made it and had a good time when we finally got there to take a dip. At other hotels, we've spent double for the same or lesser quality and service. Every time we stay in Glendale, we will definitely be staying at Thunderbird Executive Inn.
5	Quiet, clean, professional place to stay. Big comfy beds. Their 24/7 snack lounge is super indulgent. Free canned soda and juices, fruit, granola, m&m's, trail mix, bars, coffee and tea and it's available 24/7 for your munching needs.
3	I'm not sure how to rate this hotel with stars, I have always likes this place. I found it on a fluke and it was perfect. Since then I've stayed here maybe four or five times but the last time I stayed here I found two big bed bugs and called the front desk before I could find more, the guy at the front desk didn't seem to care and I don't even think he apologized just switched my room. I was very surprised at his lack to mend things. Pretty upset.
5	We traveled from California to visit family . The staff was super friendly, I don't know where they hire them but they are truly nice and caring. The room was so clean and beds were so comfortable I can't say enough about this place. The free snack room was super awesome, my sister and I were surprised of the variety and quality of the items offered. Keep up the good job! You met our expectations !!!!
