1	Bought a sectional in 2009 with an extended 5 yr warranty. Started using the reclining love seat and the metal brackets holding the foot piece bend with the slightest weight. Once bent you cannot put them back down. The center seat in the sofa is useless because a metal bracket broke. Called customer service who sent someone out to take pictures. They called the next day and said it was not a covered repair. Their furniture is completely useless and they will not cover any defect. Stay away from any roomstore.
1	WARNING!!!! Please do not step in to the Room store on 59 th and Bell road . This place is a total rip off store. If they ask you to put money down on any furniture to secure it , and are given the BS of money back with no hassle if you change your mind . BEWARE this is a total lie.  The employees at this store hang up on you and make false statements of money back within 15 days of cancellation .  They are ethically immoral and would steal from anyone to just make money. Room Store and it's employee's should be ashamed of doing business with people and taking money from people in these rough times.  I do not recommend this store to anyone .
2	I bought a new house and decided to purchase a few rooms worth of new furniture including a bedroom set, living room set and a few other things. I had seen commercials for the Roomstore and knew they had a discounted pricing structure based on whole room purchases... well look at that I was purchasing a few whole rooms.As soon as I walk in the door I was greeted by a gentlemen in a full suit. A furniture salesman in a full 3 piece with jacket and tie... like an interview outfit for a salaried job. Danger Will Robinson Danger! He introduced himself as a two letter name which I will not be so low as to reveal here we will just call him B.S. because it is going to fit the story. Well B.S. showed us some nice furniture and we picked out everything. A really odd thing was as we selected furniture B.S. could never tell us the exact price of what we were buying and he was writing everything down on paper. So anyway we finish picking stuff out and he gives us a general idea of the price. We say we will think about it and leave.A week later my wife goes back in finalizes our selection and is given a total price of $5400 OTD. She informs B.S. that I will be in next saturday to pay the entire balance and set up delivery. So I show up saturday he shows me all chosen products and we sit down to handle payment. The price he now quotes is $6800. I laugh at him and he does some backtracking about what he said then changes the price to $6400 to which I continue to laugh at. I tell him to give me a print out of this price break down with each item so I can take it back to my wife and ask if she wants to continue working with B.S. and if so to choose which items to remove because our moving budget does not allocate this amount to furniture.B.S. calls us again and tells us to pick out a few cheaper items to get down to the $5400. Duh thanks for the help. Long story less long we did not purchase. If you want your furniture buying experience to feel like a used car purchase this is the place for you.
1	When we bought our loveseat at this business, of course, they talked us into paying for an extended warranty. The problem arose when we needed to actually USE the warranty. Long story short, the total time for the repair will be a minimum of 4 MONTHS!! And we're still waiting. Also, we placed a call into the store today to see if the manager (who sold us the loveseat)  could be of assistance and we've been waiting all day for him to return our call!Stay away, there are plenty of other furniture stores that would love to have your business.1-1-2013. Yesterday when my husband called The Room Store and left a msg for the manager to call back the receptionist who took the message assured my husband he would call back the same day..... well, HE DIDN'T! We waited all day and he never returned our call!I say again, stay away, their customer service is terrible!And Happy New Year!
1	I bought a broyhill dining room table with 6 chairs. Total spent $2000. 3 year warranty. 1.5 years later, varnish is chipping off in 1 spot. Took pictures, returned to store. Advised to call customer service.  Customer service sent out an employee who pulled a piece of artwork out from wall on entering my house. The room store had to send out additional repair man to fix drywall hole with spackle and repaint the wall. Was told by reviewer after management reviewed his pictures that I caused the damage. Meanwhile, when reviewer was at my house, he told me that he never saw this before and must be manufacturers defect. When I called and spoke to manager Cynthia, she told my table would not be replaced despite warranty since I "caused damage " When I spoke to director of customer relations, Michael, he told me I caused damage by soaking my table with water and not drying it afterwards and the damage also can occur from children scratching the varnish off. I do not have children, nor do I leave puddles of water on table after cleaning and drying my table. When I asked how these assumptions came about, there was not an answer provided. When I explained I do not have children at my house, Micheal then proceeded to tell me this is an example of how tables can be damaged. I offered Michael to move in with me so he can see my daily habits and that I did not ruin my table that I spent $2000 on, he declined. When I said this, he told me to have a nice day and was going to disconnect the call. When I asked him why he was going to end phone call before I was finished and didn't say "goodbye", he told me that he does not like people talking down his store. When I asked who his superior is, he didn't have an answer, just an address. When I questioned both Cynthia and Michael why this occurred in 1 spot and not entire table or on chairs , no explanation. Lesson learned and other reviews should be followed. Steer clear of this company. Take your money and services elsewhere.
1	STAY AWAY!!!! We spent $3500 on a leather power reclining sofa, love seat, and chair a week before Christmas last year. The love seat when delivered had a soft spot in the left cushion. So, after Christmas I called their piss poor customer service line who said it was company policy to send out a repair man, and they were not making an exception. I went to the store and talked to the manager and complained and they replaced it and I was happy.After 3 months, the sofa had a cushion that formed a soft spot to the point that it was hard to get out of that seat. I followed company policy and called customer service and they sent out an independent repair man who took pictures and said that he did not know what the company would do but that someone would call me to let me know. He recommended getting replaced because it was so new. Well, no one called me for a few days and when they did, it was a follow up call to ask how my service was. I said nothing had been done, and the rep told me the case was closed because from the pictures the sofa looked fine. So I went back to the store and talked to the manager, who said they would have to attempt to fix it. A different independent repair man shows up a few days later and stuffed pieces of foam between the metal springs and the seat cushion, that was his professional "fix". Remember this furniture is only 3 months old so I went back to the store and after some serious discussion, they said they would replace this piece. I told them I didn't want to go down that road again because this furniture was junk. What I really wanted was my money back but I know that would never happen so I asked if they would exchange it for something of better quality. After some back and forth with the manager and threatening to call 12 for action, they said they would but they would but they wanted another $800 and I would lose the extended warranty. We settle for 2 leather power reclining pieces and one non reclining with no additional money out of my pocket, no extended warranty, and 3 pieces that my wife hates!If that isn't enough, 10 months after dropping $3500 at this furniture store. One of my love seat is doing it again. And so you know, everyone in my house weighs under 190#'s. I have the "best" that they have and it is nothing but "JUNK".Please don't waste your money on the junk that this business sells.
1	Lousy quality...bait & switch techniques.....STAY AWAY!!!
1	Will NEVER EVER purchase from any Room Store ever again!  Spent over $730 on our new bed from the 59th ave and Bell location.  Our salesman Rocky was pushy,  annoying and rude.  But we needed to purchase a bed immediately and the one we wanted was on sale.  We were not told at the time of purchase the bed did not cone with a frame.  I called and spoke to the manager Steven who said we could purchase a bed frame for $60. When I told  him we had already spent $700 in his store,  he offered to partially pay for the frame and the new cost would be $25. Then he told me to go to Costco to get a frame for $20. Are you kidding?! Excuse me,  but I'm not paying for a frame that should have been included in the price of our bed. I feel absoulet cheated and very much regret buying from them! Absolutely awful service all the way around.  I am never purchasing from here again nor will I recommend this place to friends or family.  Stay far away!  You're better off purchasing elsewhere!  Trust me!
1	Customer service from this store is terrible. I recently bought a metal daybed from this store.  After it was delivered and  assembled, I ordered a mattress from a "mattress" store. When the mattress was delivered that  delivery person indicated that the daybed mattress frame had been assembled improperly and would cause the mattress to be slanted on the bed.   I called to schedule an appointment with the Room Store and was told I would have to wait 1  and a half weeks for a tech to come out.  On the Saturday  that they were supposed to come, customer service called and reported that the tech was going to be later than scheduled.  I had already spent the morning waiting at home for the person to come and had commitments that afternoon. I rescheduled and the next available appointment was another week later.  My husband finally fixed the frame himself and I ended up cancelling the 2nd appointment.
1	Absolutely horrific experience. I "special ordered" a sectional which of course meant I had to pay more and when it was delivered, it was two completely different colors. One side was a dark gray and the other a light gray/tan. I took a few pictures of the sectional and emailed them to Steve, the assistant manager, who was supposed to place an order for the correct color. Weeks later, my salesman was finally informed of the incident and came out to take additional pictures where he confirmed the difference in colors. 4 weeks after this multi-color sectional was delivered, I received a call telling me that the manufacturer needed the couch to color match so that an error didn't occur this time around. Reluctantly and against my better judgement I let them take it and give me a sofa and love seat temporarily. Yesterday, Mike Norris the general manager of the store called me to tell me that in the light of the warehouse the sectional is in fact one color and that nothing will be done for me. The manufacturer refuses to make it again properly and the store will not do anything either. I was instructed to put the sectional in a different part of the house because it is the lighting that is causing it to be different colors. While I have pictures to prove that it is the same color no matter what light it is in, Mike Norris insisted they would do nothing to help and that if I wanted to cancel the order they would keep my 25% down that I had to pay for the special order. He was very disrespectful, rude and I'm completely astonished that a company would treat it's customers this way. They also chipped one of the lamps I ordered and it took two visits from them and an additional trip to the store to get the correct replacement lamp.  I refuse to accept a two-toned couch and will take this to a corporate level as well as involve channel 12 news if they are unable to provide me with the product I paid for. DO NOT go to this location!!!!!!! They do not care about the consumer in any way, they only care about themselves and are willing to go to any lengths to make sure they are not held accountable for any mistakes.
