4	While I've been forced to use a "master bath" with hideous seashell wallpaper for 3 years that can't be removed without popping that can of worms, my husband has been obsessed with getting our roof re coated.  Undoubtedly because we're taking a huge risk of water damage with the torrential rains we get on a regular basis.I finally gave in and agreed to get it over with.  And by "get it over with", I mean listen to my husband talk about it for another 6 months before he got around to doing something.  We obtained 3 estimates, and I was shocked that the highest was nearly twice the lowest.  Now everybody knows to never pick the lowest, but in this case, it was also the company that came with a recommendation from our neighbor who is anything but cheap.First off, Rick came by to do the estimate as scheduled.  Middle guy called to tell us he didn't show up when he was supposed to.  I'm pretty sure I already knew that.  Rick gave us a written estimate and advised our foam was in good enough shape, he would offer a 3-year warranty rather than his standard 2-year.  I don't get the whole foam roof concept.  How can "foam" possibly work to protect my house.  When you put styrofoam in a microwave, it melts, and Phoenix gets hotter than a microwave.Two men came to do the work, and they were done in a few hours.  Rick did stop by near the end of the job to write up the invoice and inspect the job, or I assume he did.  He reminded us to call him once or twice a year for an inspection, and any needed repairs (bird holes?) would be done free of charge.  One of the workers came to the door to collect payment.  Though his English was not great, we didn't have a problem beyond he didn't know if they accept credit cards.  I assumed if he didn't know, he also wouldn't know how to write it up, so I did have to pay by check.I'm a fan of the price for now, but won't know the full results for 3 years I guess.  Maybe by then I'll have a nicer bath.  In the meantime, you'll find me on the roof admiring the workmanship there.
5	My foam roof on the bank owned home I bought was a disaster...I was told by my inspection guy that it was the worst deterioration he had ever seen. I decided that this is where we would sink our tax return.  I called several companies in the valley and received 4 or so quotes...including one from Rick.  I was impressed with Rick's knowledge and honest assessment of what was needed on our home. He didn't upsell and he offered a solid guarantee of his work.  On top of this, he was the most affordable of the reputable and long standing services out there. The fact that he had is own foam truck is huge and certainly saves you money.  I was pleased with the final product and would certainly use Valley Foam again.
5	I called Rick and left a message that I needed a quick foam roof survey because I had developed a leak a few weeks ago during that period of rain we had.  He quickly called me back and scheduled a meeting.  During that meeting it was determined that the foam roof was in good condition and the leak was determined to be part of my shingled roof.  He patched what he thought was the culprit and did not charge me for his time.  Rick and his company displayed expertise and very good overall customer service.  I'd recommend him to anyone and would gladly pay him for work when the time comes for my foam roof!
5	After the hail storm in 2011 there were roofers on every house in the hood.    I watched them all work and narrowed it down to just a few to talk to.   Rik was the nicest, most polite, and realistically priced of all the people I talked to.    His work is excellent as well.  Can't say enough good things about him.
