4	This place is a hospital.  And then some.  It seems like they are always adding onto the monstrosity that is already there with another wing or deck or something.  But it's awfully nice, with a great staff and excellent response to your every question.  Unlike some other hospitals in the area (cough-Presbyterian-cough), they actually seem to care about getting you taken care of, and making sure that not only the patient but the family is attended to as well.Don't get me wrong - I'm sure that they are collecting some monumental coin in the process, but they certainly seem to be happy while doing it.
4	As one of the other reviewers said, this place is huge and just keeps getting bigger. I have been an overnight patient there twice, both for just one night. Both times I was admitted through the ER and, yes, the process did take a while, but it's a big city hospital, so that's what you would expect. I thought the level of attention and care was good. The people there are sympathetic and seem to care about what they are doing, and making sure that you are comfortable. There was one area where I thought they really stood out: I lost my job last year, and had trying for months to get my family into one of the local sliding scale clinics so that we could afford doctor visits and meds, only to be told that none of them were accepting new patients. The social worker at CMC took the matter into her hands, made a couple of calls, and got us in, which was a huge relief. Overall, I found that for such a big and busy hospital, the people there know and care about what they are doing.
5	The Levine Childrens Hospital is the best! what a wonderful place. All the nurses I dealt with were over the top. There was always someone stopping by to see if I needed something, parents get breakfast for free in the room, then 2 meal tickets per day. I had the fried chicken and mac n cheese in the 1st floor cafe is OMG the best I have ever had from a hospital! The chicken parmesan sandwich from the 3rd floor cafe- YUK, good thing I didnt pay for it. The patient rooms have a small refridgerator and are pretty big, I love that the tv has movies and games on  it or you can get movies for the DVD player in the room. There is a "drug" train that goes by often tooting his horn as he travels the halls taking meds to nurse stations, he opens doors and calls the elevator too! The parents kitchen is pretty packed full of snacks and stuff that should satisfy any child. i love this place!
4	The nurses are really superb with their beside manner. Very caring and attentive.
3	Carolinas Medical Center does a great job of making patients comfortable.  I have only been in the hospital to give birth, but I still feel a sense of vulnerability when it comes to security.  Staff members may see visitors coming and going, but I don't sense anyone is actually monitoring whether some unknown person is entering a patient's room.  That makes me a bit uneasy should I be admitted into intensive care.  This is a known issue at every hospital I have visited.  I don't know that visitor scanning is necessary but it would not hurt.  For this, I gave CMC three stars.  Note to self: send valuables home and leave them there!  Otherwise, the hospital staff are cordial when approached.  It is an accommodating facility with a cafeteria, coffee shop, gift shop, and more for patient visitors and the hospital pysician care is top rated.  Oh, parking is atrocious but is capped at $3.
3	Had to bring the little one here and had no waiting time to be called back.....note, this hospital actually has a 'children's er' which is pretty nice, there was no wait time to be called back but once you settled in a room everything moved at a snails pace.  They take great care of the kids other than that but with several different doctors coming in and out no one seemed to be on the same page but the nurses.
4	No one wants to be in the hospital, but I guess it's good to have a great place to go to (when you need to).  Luckily I have not had too much experience being a patient in CMC, but I have visited a lot of people here.Get ready for a mini-city within itself and having to walk a lot.  I'm sure there is a rhyme and reason for why the hospital is planned out the way it is, but it has just grown so much there are skyways and different parking decks and crazy levels.The nice thing about the hospital is the location.... it's located off of Morehead and Kings and there are lots of things to do if you have a loved one in the hospital in terms of walking trails (to Freedom Park) or just a stones throw away from the new Midtown shops and restaurants.
5	Wow, these people are AMAZING!!I hate hospitals like no other, but WOW was i taken care of at the CMC. I came into the ER with my stomach feeling like I got stabbed, throwing up about every 5minutes with no end in sight. I was told I had to sign-in, which sucks to hear but I get it - handed over my ID and Healthcare card which they filled out the paper work and I signed. It was about 15minutes and 4 trips to the bathroom to throw up later that I was taken to get an IV started. DJ Fair was my nurse who explained what would be happening to me - AWESOME guy, kept checking up on me hours after I had been there!! Him and Kirsten got me an IV, nausa meds and some morphine - along with some heated blankets for me shivering from the chills. Went for a ct scan and a few more bags of solution and morphine I felt waaay better. Dr. Wares, Nuccio and Sprinkle took great care of me - even the gentleman that rolled me upstairs to my ct scan was very nice and kept me entertained from the pain! Once the results were in Mary explained all that was going on with my body, discussed my options and answered all my questions - she made me feel very at ease with what was happening with my body. Luckily I did not have to stay over night : )Kelly M explained all of my discharge papers. She made me aware that she would be working there through the weekend so I could contact her anytime with the info that she provided. WONDERFUL lady!!These people were GREAT!! They got me in and out quickly while keeping me completely in the loop and informed. They communicated to me clearly and continuously as to what their plan was, what was going to be happening, and the results of their findings.I would choose this ER every time!! which as we all hope, is not anytime soon!!
5	Would it surprise you to know that CMC hospitals (particularly Main) is one of the top ranking hospitals in the US? It sure didnt surprise me, it is THE best, and I've been around------NO, not there! I meant hospitals, not just in the States, but abroad too. Top notch care and genuine concern for humanity is a common trait every employee at the CMC's carry. Its true, I never pass a face thats doesnt smile and wish me a great day.....I mean not many people do that these days, but they do! I guarantee a wonderful stay (hopefully you wont need it, but if so) and you will leave healthy and glowing.Until 2010, I was a very healthy, active, energetic new graduate (Go 49'ers!) on my way to the start of a great career, until I suddenly became very, very ill. So ill that I was flown to California for a very specific treatment. Turned out to be a fairly complicated condition involving multiple vital organs I ended up staying until mid 2012. 3 surgeries and after recovering I moved back to Charlotte. Soon enough I had to be rushed to CMC-Pineville, because I was in an unconscious state, I dont remember how I got there or how many days Id been in the ICU? But the wonderful staff rushed as I gained conscious and explained everything, what they're doing, what the diagnosis, prognosis, treatent, meds, everything. 2 weeks in the ICU, the staff is high energy, quick and caring. After being switched to the 'step-down unit' or recovery floor, custodians cleaning every 30 minutes, fresh towels, gowns, socks and sheet change daily, they even have a person take our brk/lunck/dinner orders twice daily, with whatever else extras you want to request, lol.........thats if you have an appetite :) Again, friendly faces, caring nurses, aides, everyone is there to make you better and they do there best to make it happen. Unfortunately, I will always have such 'stay-cations' and extended stays at hospitals, but I cant mention it enough that the environment and people make a BIG difference when it comes to a quicker recovery. The smiling faces will have you smiling in no time!
4	Unfortunately I had to experience the ER today, but was very happy with the nurses, and doctors, and the rush/assessment for my visit. I was nervous and they were comforting and allowed me to leave satisfied, and with some medicine and instructions, with discharge paperwork.  Overall, great experience, but the wait time was so long.
5	We toured the maternity ward and we were so pleased with this hospital! It was nice to get peace of mind because I delivered both of my previous babies via c-section at a hospital on Hilton Head, SC. The transition to a different hospital was unsettling, until we took the tour. CMC Main is very attractive, clean, highly efficient, hospitable, offers a wide variety of places to eat inside the hospital and in terms of services and care it offers much more than the hospital I had my previous babies at. I'm not worried one bit about the care I'll receive when I give birth soon!
5	Great hospital, very clean and easy to get around.  Beautiful decorations...good food too.  Friendly staff.
3	As a healthcare professional, I personally experienced care rendered at CMC UNIVERSITY when a family member was admitted recently.  I have the following comments.  1- The Emergency Room was outstanding in triaging my father and coordinating his care.  EXCELLENT.  2- For the most part, nursing care was excellent.  Most of the nursing staff (RN and CNA) were exceptional but there were deficits at times.    3- Unfortuately, there are significant financial pressures on hospitals to increase the number of patients per nurse.  This requires family assistance at times in order to maximize patient care.  I found myself having to assist with transfers, insist upon diaper changes, demand that my family member be transferred from bed to chair, and demand that skin integrity be evaluated on a daily basis.  4- As with any hospital, be aware that discharge planning is initiated on DAY ONE.  Medicare determines length of stay for any given diagnosis so hospitals only make money if they meet these guidelines.  All hospitals are extremely aggressive on discharging patients quickly in order to avoid a loss of revenue and CMC is no exception.   5- Nutritional determinations are nonsensical at best.  6- There is parking lot transportation for 'handicapped' and elderly.  However, I saw a preponderance of obese people utilizing onsite transportation in order to arrive at hospital entrances.  It seems nonsensical to post marketing flyers everywhere inside the facility about 'pre-diabetes' yet endeavor to minimize exercise.  7- The facility was safe.  8- Characteristic of the US healthcare, CARE IS FRAGMENTED and not coordinated despite significant time spend by nursing on entering data into portable computers.  This phenomenon will not improve with either Obamacare or EPIC (computerized medical records).    9- PHYSICAL THERAPY WAS EXCELLENT.  10- Much time is wasted waiting for physicians, social work, physical therapy and any other referral to arrive in the patient's room.  Wait times are literally hours without any updates as to when the patient can anticipate arrivals.  There appears to be negligible planning.   11- The 'cafeteria' has reasonable quality breakfast and lunch but prices are high.  You are on your own for dinner.  Bottomline:  Experience with CAROLINAS UNIVERSIY was consistent with care that you might receive in any major US hospital today.
1	My mother was here recently due to a complication from surgery. The first night she stayed the nurses were very helpful and very kind. The next morning she had a different nurse due to shift changes. The nurse was very rude and very inconsiderate towards my mother and her needs. My mother needed assistance to use the restroom and when I went to ask the nurse she rolled her eyes and sighed and said, "Again? Really?" She then went into the room to help my mom. After surgery my mom was very weak so she couldn't help herself up or speak, so she attempted to get the nurses attention by pointing to her arms. I agree that it was difficult to realize what my mom needed, but the harshness in the nurses voice when she said "What? I can't understand what you want. You need to speak." was very unnecessary. I don't know if it was because the nurse was tired or stressed out, but regardless of the reasoning behind her attitude, it was very inappropriate and unnecessary.  From the experience I had the first night, I could say that CMC is well staffed and has considerate nurses. But from what I experienced the next morning, my opinion has changed.
4	I brought my son into this hospital he was had a mass and was sent to icu anyway we basically lived at this hospital for four months and were treated like family !! Best hospital in the world may God continue to bless all the doctors and children!
