5	Opening Day of this brand-new farmers' market in the SUSD parking lot, on 44th street by the side-entrance to Arcadia High School, was so much fun. Great crowd turn-out and a nice selection of vendors. The three ladies who organized the market were super nice. I got cookies from La Grande Orange's booth, fresh juice from S.E.E.D cafe, the best beauty products my skin has ever come in contact with from Flora Apothecary and a pot roast from a rancher (I forget his name). I did a ton more shopping while my kids played. The market give a percentage (not sure how much) of their proceeds to all the schools in the neighborhood, so that's pretty neat-o. Check it out- just go early because I got a bit toasty! Hooray for a Farmers' market in my 'hood!!
4	This is a tiny little market near our house and we arrived very late in the game but they had some great product. Lots of local veggies and fruits which is always nice and locally made brownies, honey and the sort. Everything we tried was great and everyone there was very nice. We will have to go earlier in the day to really get a good feel for this place but I can already tell I will love it. I bought a little pepper planting for my little garden and the guy was very helpful and nice so I can't wait to go back.
4	Cute little farmers market that is right in our neighborhood!!  We swung by after making a stop at sprouts.  I wanted to check it out and see what types of vendors were there.  It's definitely not PPM or GFM, but I didn't expect it to be.  All of the vendors were friendly and informative.  We ended up buying some Double Blessing Goat Milk Lotion...the stuff smells fantastic (purchased the Sandalwood Vanilla and Spiced Fig).  There was a grower there, and I wanted to buy a rosemary plant, but J suggested we don't buy anything until we get our garden situation sorted out in the next few months.  I should have purchased it anyway...I LOVE THE SMELL OF ROSEMARY!!  :)We'll definitely be back to this market!  :)
5	What an awesome market! Everything you could hope for; fresh produce, eggs, grass fed beef, honey, lotion, the list goes on and on. Everyone is so friendly and helpful, I am so glad I found this place!
