4	My Mom (89) has been with Solari for almost two years. She is in the Hospice at Home program. Her treatment by the visiting Nurse and other staff has been wonderful. She has on occasion needed to spend some in-patient time. The facility is clean, the rooms are beautiful and well equipped. The staff is friendly, attentive, and caring. Mom is eager to see the visiting staff each day. She actually enjoys going to the in-patient facility when she is having a problem as they provide her great care and a lot of relaxation. I am happy by what i see of her care at home and in-patient.This is a fine place for my Mom. If it is ever necessary for my wife or I to use hospice care we will use Solari.
5	My aunt spent her last few days at this facility and received nothing but the best of care.  As a family, we are very grateful.
5	My grandma spent her last days here and my mom had a great support system in the staff until I arrived in town. Grandma was treated with dignity and care until she passed. My whole family is grateful for a comfortable place for granny to reach her homecoming.
1	An elderly friend that I was helping out with her hospital stay was moved to Solari after meeting with the Solari rep who stated she needed to be moved from her current location but she could stay as long as necessary at Solari even if private pay.The rep came complete with color brochure much like a timeshare salesperson.The night before her move the rep stated she could only stay 2 days. Upon arrival the patient's family was told they would give her 3 extra days but they did not have private pay available so their social worker would be calling to arrange a new location. Problem...social worker on vacation until day they would force her out.Additionally, upon admittance the battalion of receptionists repeatedly stated the patient could have NO personal belongings in her room because they had no place for them (except an empty chest of drawers, an empty clothes closet, 3 chairs, and a table???) and they could not be responsible for them.Have already drafted lengthy, detailed complaint for review by Medicare. Hopefully, others will read this and not be subjected to these people.
1	Follow up to last review:On Saturday 11/8/14 eve, the patient was eating, responsive and carrying on a conversation regarding moving ASAP to another facility. The head nurse stated they only had creamed and bland food. She was eating everything we brought her.By Monday her condition had deteriorated severely and the family was working feverishly to have her moved since the oxygen level had been lowered to half of what was recommended by the physician. Meanwhile, the nurse was administering morphine and Adovan according to another concerned visitor. Before we could get her moved she passed away while gasping for oxygen. The immediate family is convinced that Solari prevented proper medication and expedited her demise.Until this facility is investigated and subsequently shutdown, they should be avoided at all costs.
