1	Don't go here for your banking. Their customer service is terrible and they are incompetent. I wanted to get away from the big banks because I'd heard that the smaller banks, like credit unions, were better. So far, they are no better. In fact, the customer service at Bank of America was WAY better; at least I could get a live person whenever I needed it. Reaching a live person at the credit union is next to impossible in my experience. My impression is that they prefer that you either take care of what you need through their automated system or use email, which sometimes just doesn't cut it. Their response time is like molasses. Another thing to beware of is fees. You must read the fine print. I didn't know that I would be charged a $10 per month fee if I didn't sign up for their E-statement program. Basically, they are charging you $10 per month for a paper statement. Last I knew, stamps cost .50 cents and a sheet of paper maybe .5 cents. I don't know what kind of labor goes into printing and automatically sending a statement once per month but I do know it doesn't cost $10, since everything is automated these days.  Also beware of their Popmoney fee. I tried using the service without success and was forced to cancel the transaction. Lo and behold the next day I was slapped with a $32 fee (it looks like they were treating it as a stop payment on a check.) Nowhere was there anything posted about this exorbitant fee. And again I ask, why does a fee need to be leveraged when everything is run by computer? It just seems greedy to me.In closing I would like to say that this credit union is making me regret my decision to leave BofA. At least BofA, as long as I fulfilled my contractual obligations for the account (ie kept a balance or used direct deposit) never charged me any fees.Moral of the story: Research banks before you leave one and join another. Hopefully my review will help you make the right decision.
5	I've had an account with Arizona Central Credit Union for years and I love them.  They have excellent customer service and low fees.  The couple of times I've had account issues, one stolen card and one unauthorized debit, they took care of the matter immediately and credited my account for the missing funds.I used to have another checking account with a different Valley credit union, and they were dismal to deal with and cost me so much in missing money (they let my husband at that time who was NOT on my account, access my account and he took all the money in there each time.)  Anyway, I've never had a single issue with AZCCU. Another big plus for AZCCU is, like other credit unions, I can make a deposit or withdrawl at any other credit union because they are all linked by something called shared branching.  That is very nice if I need to make a deposit to my account and I am miles away from a AZCCU branch.
5	I love banking here.. going to be moving a car loan over here.. I switched my checking/savings from Bank of America and before that Wells Fargo, both gave terrible service.. the tellers and managers here are great.. super helpful and friendly and I never have to wait long for a transaction..
3	I try to use local when possible. This bank has been ok over the years. Lately however I have opened two credit cards. Each time I have had to go back at least once because something was wrong with each account. Also, I had a charge appear on one card. I asked the bank about it and they dont know. Then I asked the merchant about it and they said they bank charged an exchange rate fee because it was out of the country. The bank says it's the credit card who put it on there. In summary, the bank is ok but the customer service is poor.
2	So I asked my wife to open a credit card with azccu. We get home and we can't log in to the account. She went back to the bank and took care of it. Next, she received two credit cards. She went back to the bank and they said one was sent by mistake. She then used the remaining card. Finally, she got her statement. It says she has not used the card. Now we are thinking they sent the statement for the card that was cancelled. DO NOT OPEN A CREDIT CARD WITH THIS BANK!!!!
