5	Great staff and phenomenal dentists. They really care about their patients!!!
2	I have been going here for years, and sadly in the last couple of years the customer service has gone down hill tremendously.I love the Dental assistants- best cleaning I have ever gotten.  But that does not make up for the horrible front desk help, or the lack of care I got when they totally botched my root canal. It took 3 days of work on my one tooth, and at 5pm on the final day ( as I was leaving town for 2 weeks the next day) the dentists realized that both of them where in way over their heads and wanted to send me home with a half done root canal.  Not cool!!   When I called back with issues I was having- I was told I would have to wait from a Thurs to Tues to see the dentist that screwed it all up.  We have since moved to a different dentist- and have had a horrible time trying to get records from this dentist.  I would think twice!!
5	I must start out by saying I don't write many reviews.. But after the service I received today, I felt compelled to tell the world about my experience! Firstly, I'll never go back to my previous samurai of a dentist who butchered my mouth with her dental katana! I was referred here by a friend, and upon entering this establishment I was greeted by a young lady named Ashley. Her soft, calming voice and demeanor made my tooth pain almost non-existent. It was almost like that cavity was so stunned after hearing that angelic voice, it decided to pack up its tartar and get the heck out of dodge. She walked me back to the patient area and with each and every step, somewhere a crying baby was hushed. I sat in the inspection chair, which by the way, was more like a lazy boy inspection chair, and let the masters inspect my oral domain. After a few "oooo's" and "ahhh's" I was given the news that I needed more work done than an old Arizona highway. Normally most folks would be upset at that amount of work. However, the dentist's delivered the news to me in such a way that I felt like I was being rewarded! She numbed me up, and blasted away those cavities with a vengeance! Every molar in my mouth rejoiced like the enslaved Gladiators at the Roman Colosseum as their weary foes were vacated with extreme prejudice. Thank you for performing your job to a higher adequacy than the previous samurai I went to for dental work. After the work was done, I made my victory lap high-fiving each employee in my path.. While I waited to pay my dues at the desk up front, I was informed by the lovely Ashley that she took the liberty of calling some specialists I was referred to and booking my appointments without even being asked! I can honestly say the whole experience had my giddy like a schoolgirl... A schoolgirl with clean, white, and cavity ridden teeth. I can't wait to go back!!! In fact, I might go straight to the candy-store down the road to soothe this newly fixed sweet-tooth, just so I can get another cavity to get worked on next month!! Thank you so much!!!
5	So I just recently moved from Scottsdale and had to part from my long time dentist as a result. This office popped up on my google and yelp search and is in walking distance if I feel so inclined. I'm happy to say I found the best if not better replacement for my dental needs. My first visit comes with not receiving a cleaning for over 6 months, I know that's not great but the move took a lot out of my time. This office had a awesome setup for their lobby during the holiday, the front desk/office manager as it turns out named Ashley was amazing. Because it was cold and early I wasn't on my conversing, social top of my game and instead of being pushy or intrusive she sparked up a friendly, humerus conversation that actually warmed me back up and made me feel very welcoming. She had some great information, apparently their floral arrangements change up pretty regularly, I thought it was some sort of incense  they had burning but apparently not, just fresh flowers. Also she mentioned a "state of the art" milling machine for same day crowns, which I hope I never have to use but nonetheless it's called "Cerca" I believe that they have. My cleaning was performed Arlene, one of their hygienist, wow she's really good. I've been working on flossing more and trying to improve the quality of my gums in between cleanings, my mother was a hygienist so I'm used to them and can tell a good one from a not so good hygienist, she wasn't rough, didn't poke, gave me tips and suggestions, didn't make me feel cold or unwelcoming. The price was great since I don't have dental insurance I pay out of pocket for my cleanings, cash. Ashley gave me a breakdown of a few different options when it comes to payments and or payment plans. I'm very blessed I found a office like this and think it's definitely at the least worth a try.
