5	Words can't even begin to describe how much I LOVE this place!Sanctum has taken over the old E Lounge building and totally done a major overhaul. I felt like I was stepping into the Madonna "Like a Prayer" video. It is so dark and dungeonous mixed with the likes of a Catholic church.. Pews and all! I really can't get over how much they changed. Across from the bar is this step up, kind of lounge-ish section that has all this comfy seating and creepy depictions of the devil. It reminds me of an old library. The bathrooms are kind of unisex (I didn't realize that the first section had a huge "W" hanging from the ceiling) lol...The sinks were these beautiful red glass and had an incredible chandelier hanging above. They really spared no expensive on every little detail! Nice size dance floor, with great music. Kind of house/trance like. It just really all went together. I felt like I was stepping into a hot club in Manhattan. Aside from the amazing decor, the drinks, may have been a tinge over priced, (my Three Olives and tonic was like 7 or 8 bucks) but to me, your really paying for the atmosphere. There is also a cover charge on Friday and Saturday nights, but get there between 9-10 and your free. Otherwise you will be shelling out 6-8 bucks depending on the night. I just really hope this won't hurt them since they are so new. But I hear the owners of this bar, are the same owners as Amsterdam, and clearly they know what they're doing! All in all, great service, great mix of all kinds of people there (gay, straight and everything in between), and I can't say enough about the atmosphere.. 5+ stars! I can't wait to make this one of my new spots!
2	Pop quiz, kiddies!What's more dead: Michael Jackson, Paula Abdul's career, or Sanctum nightclub?Trick question. The answer is: All of the above. (Although I have my doubts about Michael Jackson... did they ever bury that creepy dude?)I've been to Sanctum three times. You probably didn't even know it was open. Each time, there was less than 10 people in the entire joint.Wanna know why it's DOA? $8 COVER CHARGE. I don't care how swanky your new nightclub is (and it is suh-wanky), how much money you spent on your state-of-the-art sound system, how good looking your bartenders are, ain't nobody paying 8 bucks to enter an empty nightclub. PS: It's more of an upscale lounge really, the dancefloor is too small for very many folks to dance... but oh, I could stare at that light show for hours.Call me when there's no longer a cover charge, and I'll change my 2-star review to 5 stars.
4	I really hope this place can take off and become a new staple in the Phoenix dance music scene. It has all the potential to become a chic yet urban yet alternative nightclub to mix with anyone and everyone who is down to get a little freaky.  The place is dark, dungeon-esque, Dom room call me mistress and spank me kind of swanky. Sanctum is not the biggest space for a dance club to bust out, but they made good use of what little space they have.  The bathrooms are feauture an "open" concept, where you don't have a door leading to either the mens or the womens (although they each have their own "designated area" with the urinals behind a wall, i wouldn't really consider it truly unisex) but it's a place to er..meet people... Rawr. Don't forget to wash your hands. There's some sofa room to the side of the bar where you can get in a conversation and check out the crazy artwork on the walls.  The dance floor is not the biggest and I've never seen it packed, but I'm not one to turn down an empty dance floor with a giant chandelier hanging above it.  Crazy flashing lights everywhere too...The drunk dancers dream.  The stadium-like benching to sit on is rather odd to me, but good use of space, and I'm sure there will be plenty of patrons slipping and falling to their drunken demise. behind this seating though, is where it gets really hot. the private nooks back there might get you into a bit of trouble..Drinks are poured generously, thursday's it's no cover and 2-4-1 ALL NIGHT, and if you get there before 10 any other night you get in free.  The one thing Sanctum is missing is an after hours party...I know I could keep going til 4am.
3	As a patron who's never attended this place on a weekend, I've never had to pay an $8 cover charge. It is a brand spanking new establishment though and isn't that unisex bathroom with the raised sinks worth the ridiculous cover charge?In addition to the unisex bathroom, which works rather well, I've never seen bleachers in a nightclub either. They escalate to the right of the dancefloor and make for good seating.This is really a Scotttsdale looking club stuck in the middle of Indian School 7th Avenueish Phoenix. It's a bit out of place, but I think it's trying to appeal to a niche crowd and not an Old Town crowd. I think it's slowly becoming the new Palazzo/Transylvania. The DeeJay booth is perched above the bar. If you want to put in a request you may have to text it to him because going behind the bar, much less up the stairs, is prohibited. Wednesdays are getting more and more crowded. I'm going to have to check it out on a different night to give it a true review, but I wouldn't pay $8 to go in there on any night unless there was a recognizeable live performer inside.Still, a creative, modern design makes this place intruiging and the sunken dancefloor with elevated spaces for the "look at me" crowd is appealing.
4	Went last night to see D:Fuse.  It is the only club in  Phoenix with a Funktion One sound system.  The club is really gothic themed inside but it is still pretty cool.  I have only been on a Saturday so I don't know how the crowds are the rest of the week but on Saturday nights it's really good.  They have a great bleacher type seating area right next to the DJ setup which is really cool and a decent size dance floor.  Usually they bring in good DJ's on the Saturday nights and the drink prices are pretty average for a club.
4	As I read through the previous reviews of this club I am just AMAZED at those who just dont get IT!  This club charges cover  because they have world class DJ's that are brought in  to bring music other than the same old tired stuff that can be heard in any given club in this city. For those of you who want to make a "request" for a song then this is not the place for you.  Stick to the Dirty Pretty's, American Junkie, PCL's, Saddle Ranch, Axis /Radius, Myst , etc.   ( most of those clubs have cover charge as well.  $10.00) I personally am tired of the same music that I could turn on the local radio to hear in  club, after club, after club. This establishment  is interesting from the very moment of entry.  Not the same tired old stuff. Music that takes you on a journey.   Fantastic sound system. Interesting light show.  Plenty of room to dance.   A decor that is so incredibly interesting in its theme from one corner to another.   Art is visible everywhere you look.  An atmosphere that is different!  Drinks are very reasonably priced.   Door people are not the common  roided doods that are at most clubs,   Crowd is more of late night crowd, eclectic and interesting. Finally a club that has some character and has dared to be different which is absolutely refreshing in this one of the top ten largest cities in the country. Some people will just NEVER get it.  Thank you Sanctum for daring to be different. !!!
3	The drinks are overpriced, but the music is pretty good on Saturdays. I think the night is called Retro & Beyond. I don't care much for the Beyond, but the Retro music is good. Not bad 80s music, good stuff like Joy Division, Bauhuas, Skinny Puppy, etc. They seem to get a decent crowd in the place, too.
4	I had two very different experiences at Sanctum. On a Friday, for Faux Show, I had a pretty awful time. The cover was $8, the crowd was too young and obnoxious, and the music was a bore. Despite spending $16 on cover for my and my date plus another $20 on drinks, I left after an hour.On a Saturday, for Retro and Beyond, I didn't mind the cover charge or drink prices. The crowd was older and wiser. The music was delicious. The bleacher seating allowed my non-dancing friends to enjoy my dancing friends. I didn't sit down the entire night. And the unisex bathroom keeps the crowd moving back to the bar at an awesome pace.As for drink prices, remember the bartenders all poured super heavy. You get your money's worth.
1	We came here last Friday night and I was excited because I dying to try it out. There were three girls sitting outside smoking as we walked up, and I asked if they were closed. She said no, but they were the only three in the club except for the bartenders. This was around 1:30am. Sure enough, we went inside and there was no one and the bartenders were shutting down for the night. Lame.
5	Sanctum is the place to be in central Phoenix on a Wednesday night. Its goth themed interior and hot bartenders are definately a huge plus! I tend to join my friend on Wednesday who loves to dress in the goth clothes, I dont however... I just go in club clothes. Its very inviting staff and customers make you feel in place. The music switches to 80's and some goth... its somewhere that you WILL know a song here and there. LOL Drinks reasonably priced. Beer was like $4. The art in this bar is SIMPLY AMAZING! Check it out!!
5	I love this place! I frequent it on Wednesdays and Saturdays. Though, I work during the week so sometimes I only make it on Saturday :( The club is pretty damn small, but they make extremely good use of it :) I love climing onto the carpeted bleachers. Makes me feel young! The co-ed bathrooms are a definite plus! Only because it's taboo and decorated like a gorgeous gothic nightmare. Also, because if you're a chick and feelin spontaneous, you can pee in the urinals! (not that I've done it....).The bartender, Bailey, is to die for!! I don't know if he's gay or straight but he gives the guys and girls equal special attention and he's absolutely gorgeous. Another plus to going there :) There's no cover on Wednesdays but there IS a $5 cover on Saturdays. Very worth the cover! Wednesdays is an Industrial/EBM/Goth night. I believe they have $3 vodka drinks all night on Wednesdays. The resident DJ Noize Fkr is amazing and extremely friendly. He was the resident DJ for Tranz :) He also DJs there on Saturdays, switching off with some other dude. Saturday's is "Retro and Beyond". It includes late 80s and early 90s of everything from pop to goth to industrial. I love dancing to Prince, then NIN, then Billy Idol! It's heaven for me :) They have drink specials til, I think, midnight on Saturdays...but not sure. Not to mention I know a grip of people so it's a nice place to arrive alone, if I must, and not fear I'll end up alone in a corner the whole night :) One more thing, there are some hidden Lounges behind the bleachers, in case you and a special someone feel like being naughty...or just being alone :) I HEART sanctum!
4	A friend and I heard this place played some good beats, so we made the trip. Holy cow! Was it awesome inside.. The decor was rad. Drinks were stiff, and affordable. people were weird, and entertaining. My flannel shirt and jeans stuck out like a sore thumb though. Next time I will dress like a vampire.
5	Ooooooooooooo I so love it here. Wednesday night DJ was frickin awesome. The place kind of breaths sex. It has bleachers! Devil art on the wall. Super sweet green and red lasers. It's kinda goth, kinda sorta a little gay. Sure it's not everyones cup of tea. But I thought it original with a good vibe, good music, good decorations, great sound system, clean, and just the right amount of weird to make it absolutely fantastic.
3	I would recommend going to this place just to checkout the inside...It was definitely not what I expected (bare dark/black room like many 'industrial rock-goth clubs'). It has a raised cathedral style ceiling with gargoyles giving it a dark Gothic church feeling inside.  There is an evil tinge with statues and artwork of Lucifer and red chandeliers... The DJ booth overlooks the whole bar from, what reminds me of, a castle spire. The sound system is amazing, clear and crisp, possibly the best one in Phoenix. I went on a Wednesday so it was pumping the sounds of industial rock and some post punk and indie rock. Sanctum also has laser lights and an interesting male/female bathroom... The crowd is eccentric for sure, but one would be silly to expect anything else considering the description above. Feel free to dance till you can't anymore, even if just with yourself. In case you didn't get the memo, most people in here wear very dark colors...not sure I would show up in a springy sundress. But all walks of life are welcome in this unpretentious and carefree club.
5	This place will knock your socks (or your leather corset) off.  Its super fantastic and the gothic vibes start before you even walk in the door.  Even the signage for Sanctum is written in a font that screams 'I am a badass'.  The entire interior is classy gothic with this evil and dangerous undertone.  You feel like you are in a Disney movie villain's castle.  It is dark and mysterious with great lighting on the dance floor, art on the walls, seductive bathrooms (yes, public restrooms can officially be seductive) and carpeted bleachers.   Making out in bleachers has never been this edgy. I have been wanting to go on a Wednesday or Saturday but ended up spending my time in Sanctum on a Friday night.  This night happened to be techno/trance party night.  The music was fantastic and the crowd was a good size... enough room to dance but you didn't feel like the only one out there doing isolated body rolls or dribbling and rolling your imaginary basketball around. I can't wait to go back and try a Wednesday or Saturday night!
2	Great atmosphere, but double charged my card and its been 3 weeks and no refund... no manager in house.. never answers phone
5	Great staff, decent dance floor, good sound.
4	Went there for the first time on Saturday!Was with my bf and two friends. Mt bf was casually dressed and the other three of us were decked out in our goth club wear.It was lot's of fun but pretty dead as far as how I would expect a club to be on a Saturday night. It might be because it caters to a small population and there was another alternative show going on elsewhere in the valley.The interior blew me away! I thought it was going to be like some cheesy Haunted House and it was more like a beautiful Vampieric Church.The bathrooms are shared but not in a bad way. It still feels safe and private to use the bathroom.The dance floor is small but that's ok cause I don't enjoy dancing in the style the attendees chose. But, I did try my hand at it and being on the dance floor was quite fun.The music was better than I expected. Being a goth who is a fan of the Top 20 is hard for me to go to goth themed clubs.I love the seating areas. There are bleachers on which you can sit and overlook the club as well and comfy couches by the bar. It was nice to just sit around and chat wile people watching.I don't think I will go again till I can get a group of friends together or till there is an event and I know there will be a larger crowd.
5	I went here for my birthday on Friday night and it was A-mazing. I love the dark theme, the bodies on the dance floor. I adore that it wasn't over packed with a bunch of idiots wanting to fight. The girls are beautiful, the men are stout and we had just a whopping good time. Cover was 5 bucks, which most of you will spend more on a cheeseburger than that. Well worth it and will ABSOLUTELY go back!
3	Where do I start... Well, this place is very, um interesting. Inside is cool if your into dark gothic, creepy, satanic, homosexual decor. Crowd looks like a room full of Wanabe vampires, who are not very friendly by the way! The music was my least favorite aspect of this club. But towards the the end, they were playing maily 80's stuff which was OK.  Oh, and the drinks werent too strong but fairly priced. This place makes for an interesting evening of people watching, but not really my scene.
4	Sanctum is a GOTH club.I guess some reviewers didn't realize this when surprised by the Gothic decor and mix of EBM, Industrial & 80's music...I've traveled 20 states this year alone and always find the local Goth scene. I love Sanctum because it has 2 nights weekly (many major cities have 1 goth/industrial night a Month!) and a good mix of friendly regulars and new faces.The decor is amazing and elaborate. A huge back-lit Gothic style window illuminates the dancers skilled enough to show off their moves. Elaborately framed floor-to-ceiling mirrors reflect other dancers. They just added all new lasers and lights that really put on a show, and even a fog machine. Chandeliers, tapestries, and stained glass windows adorn the walls. They've recently replaced some of the demon-looking artwork with more classic style paintings (which is good. They kinda freaked me out..). Gargoyles gaze down from lofty perches and electric candles are details not overlooked.The music varies. There is always a request list going and you'll hear anything from classic 80's to Industrial, Euro Pop, Electronic dance, old skool 90's, and Metal. Guest DJs from all over AZ and beyond take turns between sets from resident DJ Noiz.Fkr, so even in a single night you can get quite a mix. Just an example: NIN, Depeche Mode, Combichrist, A Perfect Circle, Simple Minds, Wumpscut, Faderhead,  VNV Nation, Lords of Acid.. the list goes on and on.Inside its somewhat small, but comfortable while still exciting. Recline on the plush, leather couches while sipping your cocktails, lounge on the carpeted bleacher stairs facing the dance floor, or have an intimate conversation on one of the chaise lounges in the dark little alcoves behind the stairs. The bartenders are friendly and worth getting to know. The drinks can be rather strong, but I'll take that any day over a weak one!This is a completely different experience than your typical 'club'. It doesn't feel like a meat-market and even though the people might look scary, most of them are extremely friendly and fun loving. Outfits vary from romantic corsets to fetish-inspired PVC to kilts to rock Tshirts and I've even seen some Warcraft shirts. Big boots or platform heels, its a great place to dress up for. Often there will be a few 'normal' people there (regular street or club clothes) but they are accepted and have a great time dancing along with the rest of the beautiful freaks.I have never once seen a fight here. I often go alone and feel very safe.Bottom line: You'll either love it or hate it.
5	My wife and I just arrived here in the Valley about a month ago and she wanted to go dancing at place that plays New Wave, 80s, indie, etc.--it's her preferred music to dance to.  Off to the Internet to hunt for a spot that features this on a Saturday night.Okay, here's a place called Sanctum.  We were amused by the reviews, and we had to see this one for ourselves.  The moment I walked in, I was impressed by the work that went into the decor of the place.  Thousands of dollars went into the "Gothic cathedral" look that seems to cover every inch of the place.Some have characterized the artwork for this club as being "satanic".  Maybe it would appear to be so to the uninitiated (and I use that term deliberately).  However, the symbolism and iconography of some of the club's decor is immediately recognizable to those who have an awareness of a certain body of mystical knowledge.  It's obvious that the person who designed this place didn't just pick a lot of random stuff--he knew what he was doing.Cover charge was $5.  As someone from the San Francisco area where $10 (and up) covers are common at clubs, I found this to be pretty darn cheap.  Saturday nights feature "Retro and Beyond".  The music had a really good spread, and I heard my wife repeatedly remark about she hadn't heard some of the songs they were playing in a very long time.  Sound system kicked ass, and the DJ didn't allow a second of dead air.  The floor area was drenched in lasers, lights, and fog.  The club as a whole was well-maintained and clean as a whistle.  I've been to a number of scuzzy-looking clubs and this one stands apart from the rest in cleanliness--despite the eeeeeeevil look of the place, the maintenance and quality you get give Sanctum a touch of class.We didn't drink any alcohol, but my wife's water was $3.  Pretty standard--all clubs have pricey drinks.Sanctum is probably the coolest club I've ever been to and we will be coming back regularly in the future.  In the mood for something "alternative"?  You'll find it here.  Now, get your butt over to this place and shake it on the dance floor.
4	Loved the atmosphere/decor, the sound system was amazing, and the crowd was really eclectic. The only thing is, the bartenders were kinda snotty. I plan to go back on a Retro and Beyond night regardless!
4	Well,if you like goth/industrial/80's this is sadly the only game in town.don't get me wrong,I like the club fine.Staff has always been respectful and even nice.Club is beautifully appointed,neat,clean and comfy.Easy peasy parking.Sound system..Well it IS a Funktion One after all.That alone is worth the 5.00 cover.The DJ can be spotty hit and miss,but when it's the only game in town,it is what it is.I've found the set lists on Fridays more enjoyable.It's all about what you like I guess.Everyone's going to have a different opinion.Here's why I knocked off a star,maybe it's not the fairest star I've ever knocked off a review,but here it is.I go. I dance.I go home.I don't fuck with anyone,I don't expect anyone to fuck with me.I don't do drama and am most content being a G.D.I.So,why do some of the chicks there try and give me shit?I have no fucking clue.I guess they're just insecure.I find it comical when I get cock blocked on the off chance some random guy dances anywhere near me.Dear hose bag,if he's got more eyeliner on than you,he's not going home with you either idiot.He's going home with some other emo boi.But you just keep living the dream.I'm just dancing.That's it.Dancing.So leave me the fuck alone and go have drama with someone else.I'm not for it.One star knocked off for the amount of self important assholes who think for whatever reason,they own the deed to this place.This is why I wish there was at least one other option.
5	Very nice venue, good sound, good place to dance (on Fridays).  The retro night on Saturdays is not to my personal taste, but plenty of people seemed to love it.Blacklights, attire varies.  Give it a try!
4	I've been to this club twice now with my wife on a weekend night. We struggled over going back the second time and now I'm not sure if I'll go a third time or not.Here's the break-down.Cover charge - fair pricedAtmosphere - excellentStaff - friendly and courteous Drinks - well made by knowledgeable bartenders at reasonable pricesSound system - excellentDancefloor/light show - also excellentReally just about everything about this club kicks ass... ...and here is the but...The DJ. Oh sweet jesus the DJ gets lost on a down beat and runs with it the whole night. I have never seen a DJ so consistently, over and over, kill a dance floor like the DJ at Sanctum the two nights I've shown up. Every now and then the floor will eventually fill up because people get bored sitting or a song finally comes around that draws them out and then bamm! Empty. This is why I knocked them a star. It's almost impossible to get your groove on and get lost in the moment.To the DJ: If you're reading this review... look, I've done house DJ work and spent my time in my share of actually goth/industrial club's in the 80's... I know it's not an easy job, but you're getting paid to be the soul of the club. You've got the right bands in your play list you just need to pick the up-beat/up-tempo tracks and/or remixes from those bands. Also, the music form didn't stop in the 80's. There are some awesome bands over the last 20 years in the genre (and related forms) you could pull from, so cut it out so I can enjoy your club!edit: was just informed that Saturday is retro night so take that for what you will as a qualifier to my DJ comments.edit#2: just left an updated review. DJ problems seem to be solved. Very happy :)
4	My first time here was an interesting experience for sure.  First off, I had an awesome time.  Just have to get that out there.  The decor is pretty cool, like a church ran headfirst into a club and sandwiched goth culture in between. Coming from LA, the prices were cheap.  $5 cover and $7 for a big drink, less for smaller drinks or beer?  $3 happy hour?!  Yes please!  Everyone complaining about covers are lame and should be thankful they're not paying $20.  And they don't mess around with the drinks, either.  The fruity ones were underpowered like they're supposed to be and the stiff drinks....well, you get your money's worth, let's put it that way. Anyway, Sanctum was pretty small on the inside, especially for having it's own standalone building.  We went on a Saturday and it wasn't very crowded, which means there was no problem getting a drink, finding somewhere to sit, or getting on the dance floor.  There were still plenty of people there and the place was anything but dead.  The music was good, lots of goth, industrial, and 80's which was a great combination.  The sound system was good, the staff were all business and got the job done.
4	Let me begin this by saying I don't remember most of my time at Sanctum. But, that's a good thing, right?The music was good, the environment was awesome, and the bathrooms were super cool.We had a large group, had plenty of alcohol, and danced our butts off on the dance floor. The sound system was great, and the lights were fun. The bartenders were quick and friendly.If I remember correctly, we had no cover charge either. I don't know if that's normal, but nevertheless: win!BOTTOM LINE: I definitely plan on coming here again in the near future.
5	What a beautiful bar! I went for my first time this past Saturday for Doom Disco. The dj's played amazing jams all night long. The drinks were cheap and the beer selection was pretty fantastic! The unisex bathroom is really cool looking, but ya, im not totally into that.
4	I've been a couple times now and although the whole "goth" thing is not really my scene I still had a lot of fun. The club is a very small, private affair. I thought the whole unisex bathroom was cool except for the fact that I couldn't figure out the fancy sinks because I was too drunk lol. I would recommend to anyone looking to step outside the norm.
5	3rd time's a charm. I hesitantly drug my wife back for one more chance at this place, going to Doom Disco this last Saturday and the music set was excellent. Both of us had a great evening. We will certainly be going back now.
5	Beautiful nightclub with an awesome gothic theme! Excellent vibe all night and great tunes on Saturday night. Crowd is a mix of all kinds, but no douchery or brodowns. If you've never been, check it out!
5	This is definitely not your typical run of the mill nightclub. First off, let me mention that the decor is gothic cathedral style complete with erotic art, bright lights, and a chandelier over the bar. There is a unisex bathroom that is very clean and surprisingly never awkward. The music on Saturday nights for Doom Disco is an amaazing mix of old and new (think Joy Division and She Wants Revenge). Plus, the bartenders can make a mean gin and tonic and they have a pretty well stocked bar for any other drinks you might fancy. Tip: Doom Disco also has a Facebook page where they post pictures and the playlist from the Saturday before. Check it out!Overall, it's 100% worth the drive and $5 cover
5	I come here on Saturdays for Doom Disco ("darker side of the 80s, 90s and modern alternative music") This place looks small from the outside, but dont let it fool you. This dimly lit club features nice Gothic Decor and erotic artwork with a great array of light shows to accompany the decent sized dance floor. Bartenders are very nice and generous and have a decent sized selection to make a wide variety of mixed drinks. One thing that may confuse people is the unisex restroom, but dont let it get to you, it provides the privacy you need to avoid any awkwardness you might be afraid of. When not dancing there is little bit brighter lit lounge area with comfortable leather couches and tables, or there is the bleacher style seats watching over the dance floor.
5	I love this place for dancing; the music on Sat for Doom Disco is spot on!  The attitude is refreshing, a live and let live bunch of folks... It's a little hard to find if you haven't been there/ look for a lit up red sign in the window/ have fun and dance your ass off!
5	This place is... different.I can't say enough about those bathrooms, they're pretty cool. If you go there, you have to check out the bathrooms.There were doughnuts on the bar one night when we went. That was awesome. We had the same bartender both times we've gone. She was really great, we loved her. I wish I remembered her name....The place is cool, there are couches to sit on which are super comf. The stadium seating by the dance floor is cool too. This place is all around cool, just maybe not our "type" of crowd. Though they were mostly nice, and way better than your typical scottsdale douchy bar goers. Whatever they were going for when they set this up, I think they got there. It really is a beautiful little bar.
4	Glad to see this place still up and running! Still pumping great tunes, with the best bartender Stacy serving up heavy poured drinks!
3	I went on a saturday night, at 11 with a friend.  its cool inside and the music was GOTHITY GOTH GOTH!  It did take forever to get ice water but whatever.. the bathroom was pretty nasty though.  I mean its cool its bisexual and all- but someone left a STEAMER in the toilet and i about hurled.The DJ played some good old school alterniative at the end of the night but cleared the dance floor 5 times in the two hours I was there.....  its dodgey and not consistent.  I knew it was going to be gothy, but i didn't expect to actaully want to kill myself....Will I go back?  you bet, I live in the neighborhood, I can walk, I'm a new mom, and I never get let out of my cage!  good enough to return for 5 $ cover charge and get some lead out.
1	I have attended this club sporadically since it opened sometime in 2010. It has had its up's and down's in terms of basic club/bar service, it may depend on what night you attend.  My main complaint is that If you ever need to contact someone of authority at this club, (don't even bother.) But say you Lost/left something behind at the club? Had and altercation with a bouncer? Were double charged by the bartended on your credit card?  Have a complaint? Have a compliment?  The staff is uncooperative and rude no matter what your situation is.Id stay away from this club, there are other bars and clubs that cater to the same patrons. I always feel welcomed to spend my money everywhere/anywhere else in Phoenix.
2	Sanctum is memorable but not my cup of tea. I liked the music but it is too loud to have a conversation. The venue was very hypnotic but also impersonal. The dance floor is too small to do anything but free-style but that doesn't matter because nobody there seems to know how to dance -- and they don't care anyway. The point of dancing at the Sanctum is to wriggle for hours to the unending techno beat. The interior is dark with flashy strobe lights, which gives anonymity to everyone there. It's great for people who are self conscious because people flash in and out of our universe into different dimensions.I don't know how people manage to hook up there but I'm sure they find ways to do it. It proves that you don't need conversation to procreate. Sexual pre.ference makes no difference at Sanctum as there are all manner of persuasions that come there. I enjoyed sitting in the stadium seating to watch two lesbians who put on a stunning duet of free style dancing. Their sexuality felt very liberating.Restrooms are cool and the gothic art is worth seeing at least once.I had a drink that was spiked with plenty of alcohol. I have read many reviews saying the drinks were watered down but based on my sample of one they are strong enough to get the job done.Don't forget to take your ecstacy before you come.
3	Was a fun place to get my dance out.Now it's closed. Bummer.
