5	Rick from Nationwide plumbing saved me a ton of money!A rival company with a pretty well known name sent a tech out to inspect our furnace.The tech stated my heat exchanger was cracked and that it must be replaced.Not knowing much about how a furnace really operates I took his word for it and requested information about a replacement.Well long story short the tech tried to convince me I needed both a new furnace AND an air conditioner!Offering me a "special"of $ 10,000.I then contacted Nationwide plumbing looking for a second opinion and Rick came out did a thorough inspection and lo and behold the tech from the first company never even looked at it he just attempted to con me out of my money!My heat exchanger and the furnace is just fine.I want to thank Rick and Nationwide for their honesty and I look forward  to doing business with you in the future!
1	One of the worst experiences I've had by far in the Vegas Valley or in my dealings with my rentals and flipping in the last 20 years. Initial contact was great - Rick and Chris are professional and courteous. Difficulty with setting appointment - needed a window from 8 - 4 on a Monday, called before they came over which helped.The tech they sent in was very personable, no business card or company ID - I tend to check those for safety, always have. He spent 10 minutes in the house while another man sat in the truck out front with the engine running. Needed repair - said it wasn't covered under insurance and that was that. I called the office - said I needed the noise issue fixed, send out another tech - lets see if it can be remedied, the guy didn't get in there to pinpoint. Rick was awesome - arranged another appt. the next morning between 7:45 and 8:30. At 8:30, Dave called saying he would be there in 30ish. I had an appt. - no bueno. Without details he became instantly confrontational, raising his voice, brought up issues with insurance fraud, went on and on out of left field. Something is not right with him - decided it was best if he didn't come over at all. Apparently he was the guy in the truck the day before. When I did ask him why he didn't come in then he stated he was busy on the phone with insurance. :/At any rate, not a good experience by any means.
5	Nationwide heating & air conditioning was refereed to me by my home insurance. They were Awesome! Came as scheduled. Accessed the situation and were very knowledgeable. My air conditioning motor and fan were replaced within days, and the service was kind and reliable. Thank you Dave!
5	The experience I had was great. They didn't pressure me to make a decision and allowed me the time to shop around. The other companies that came to my home were a bit pushy and wanted to charge double what nationwide estimated. Their estimate was on point and they fixed my water leak in a timely manner.
5	I own a salon in summerlin and as you can imagine with all the hair we have had a few clogs from time to time.  Nationwide is the company I always call.   They are there with in minutes and fix the clogs.   They are so fast and efficient.  So friendly and honest.   I recommend this company to everyone. Thanks Ricky for always taking care of us.
5	After fighting with my landlord and taking cold showers for days I finally gave up and decided to call a plumbing company myself. The owner Rick came out with another employee named Chris & let me tell you.. I will never call or use another plumbing company again. Not only were they quick with service but they were also respectful. Will be recommending them to all friends and family & for any other plumbing services I need in the future!
