5	I checked out this barber shop for the first time. Alex is a great barber haircut came out clean. Chill atmosphere I took my gf and she hung out with a hookah and ps3 in the waiting chair.
5	It took my 2 years of living in las vegas to find a great barbershop and this one is the diamond in the rough! You can tell that Alex, the owner, and his crew love their careers. the service is great, friendly, and the haircuts are fresh! I will definitely make this my go to barbershop. Try them! youll be glad you did
5	I don't go anywhere else ... Castro has the  cleanest haircuts in town . hands down!!
5	Definitely found a barbershop worthy of continued service. Found this place when camera shopping next door. Tucked away but great service and atmosphere.
5	If ur from out of town or local and u need a barber u can trust this is def the place. I was visiting from Cali and needed a haircut badly! Yelped it and this place stood out the most. Really nice people, good environment and most importantly fresh cut! These people def know what they're doing. Highly recommended!
5	Moved here from San Diego and have been searching for the best barber in town!   Thanks to Yelp I found Fresh Cuts.  Was immediately greeted by Alex and then headed back to Eric.  Service was outstanding and topnotch.  Eric was very precise with his cut and my line up.  I Definitely recommend this barber shop to all locals and visitors looking for that FRESH CUT!  These guys are very talented and very professional.
5	I'm from out of state. Came into Vegas on a Saturday evening, looking to support a local barber instead of big chain. Drove off strip and found this place through Yelp. The barber Alex was very friendly and nailed my haircut perfectly. Completely understood the Rockabilly look I wanted. If I'm ever in town again and need a cut, I'm coming back here. Recommend this place!
5	So I've been wanting to find a barber that knows how to cut and make my taper low fade look sharp like how they would do in the bay, and I found that in Alex. He definitely did some magic and listens to what you want and takes his time to ensure you get a fresh cut.  I've found my barber and ain't going no where else for a cut.
5	Really great haircut! I forget that driving across town to get a haircut is well worth it! Alex and his team are superb, & nice guys. Always friendly, I followed Alex the owner from his previous shop & I'm glad I did. Keep up the good work, and continue your great service & customer service & we will keep coming back.
5	I got a groupon for a haircut at Fresh Cuts, I have another barber that I often use, but he's out of town and I need a cut so I thought I'd give them a try.I called on wednesday night and was able to book a cut for the next day. I got there this afternoon, waited for Hector to get back from lunch (I showed up early he was on time) and got my cut.The shop is very clean, the barbers were all friendly and the customers were holding court like they would at pretty much any barbershop. Hector was a pro and gave me a great haircut.It's a great shop, not sure if I'll go back (it's a bit of a trek from my place to get here), bt a good barber is hard to find and it's nice to have an emergency back up.
5	These people were very professional and they will take care of their customers. For their cost of haircuts, they are worth every penny. If your just visiting Las Vegas, is a good spot to get a haircut or even for locals. Ask what you want done and they will give you the haircut you want.
2	Walked in and the guy asked if I had an appointment. I said no, he said it shouldn't be too long. An hour later with no communication whatsoever I just walked out.  People who came in after me went before me, no one indicated any kind of status for how close I was to getting a cut. No good. Communicate with your customers.
5	So far I've been to this barbershop 3 times and I've been satisfied every time. I highly recommend this barbershop. I've been to many but this one is the best in vegas hands down.
4	Decided to come here since my usual barber at Fade Em All University wasn't available. Atmosphere is nice and clean - the shop was a little hard to find since it's tucked near a corner next to Egg & I. There was a couple people ahead of me but Alex, the owner, immediately asked if I had an appointment and told me I was fourth in line to get a cut. I was directed to Hector to get my cut. Told him I wanted a combover fade, with the part razored in. Cut was decent, but the fade itself took a little longer than I'm used to and the back wasn't as blended in. The other barbers there however, had some pretty buttersoft fades. Might come back to check out Alex and the other barbers'. Definitely would recommend.
5	I own a barbershop in Cali,been in Vegas for a week and needed a cut,just happen to find this spot and happy I did,walked in and off the back noticed how clean it is,owner (Alex) greeted me and let me know I'll be up soon,waited a little while but that's to be expected in a good shop,hector was my barber,good conversation and very friendly,took his time cutting my hair and gave me a great cut,when I come back I will definitely come back again.....
1	Stay AWAY from the black dude at the shop! He literally cut me on my face and acted like all was okay. I'm not certain if it was deliberate or he's just that retarded and incompetent. Visiting this shop sincerely dampened Vegas as I wore my gash like a freaking face tat. My buddies were served from the other barbers and their cuts came out decent. I so should've followed their lead.
5	Came in here after going to another shop being unhappy and loved it. Made an appt with Alex the owner and a soon as my son and I walk in the door they all say hello and ask if I got an appt. not a long wait and one I the barbers came up to me offered me coffee. My son and I both got haircuts and both turned out great by Alex. Definately coming back 100%
4	Fresh cuts is a cool little hole in the wall shop off Sahara and valley view came here for the first time because my regular barber was not open at 6:30 pm so I was in between a rock and a hard place, long story short i visited there shop and Greg was the next available barber he gave me just about the same cut as my regular and had his own style while doing so, but not as Sharp as my barber so that's why the 4 start rating. I will return again seeing how they do accommodate to late hour and multiple barbers to choose from. In need of a cut, new style or new look. Stop by this place and experience quality and a great price.
5	First time here good atmosphere, pretty dope that the owners station is raised above the rest. Very clean defiantly will be a repeat custoner. Cesar got down i found my new spot.
4	Very welcoming as this was my first experience here! Didn't have an appointment, just walked in! Only waited 15 minutes to get into a chair! Jonathan took care of me! I have long straight hair, so all I needed was a taper around the ears and neck line! He threw in beard trim and edge for free since it was my first visit! First it was $10 for the trim, then half way through the cut it jumped to $20?!? Not sure what that was about, $10 makes more sense for what I was getting! All and all, Jonathan did a great job..making my untamed mane look super fresh! Thanks fellas!
2	Disappointed...I'm sure there are some good barbers here but Greg didn't listen to what I wanted. I brought it photos and still not even close to what I asked for. He even said, "I forgot you wanted to keep it long. I knocked it down a bit. Can you live with it?" Well I guess so unless you can glue my hair back on?I read about this place in Las Vegas Weekly and really thought I'd get a good cut here.Even though I had a terrible experience, I will be trying this place again except next time I'm making an appointment with Alex, the owner.
1	Appointments are pretty pointless here every time I've scheduled an appointment it's never honored I usually have to wait either 30 mins or more. I don't mind but today was bad. I had an appointment with one of the barbers at 11:30 and he never showed up I waited 45 mins to see if he would arrive but no. One of the barbers was friendly and asked me if he didn't arrive on time he could give me a cut. Well he never arrived. So hector saved the day And gave me a fresh cut.
2	Did a walk in one Monday at 12:30 and waited almost 2 hours. Not bad since I was a walk in. Got my haircut by Eric. Was a pretty good cut. He said its best that I make an appointment. 3 weeks later I call in the morning and make my appointment. I walk in and Eric has someone. I figure I'm next. He calls over the next guy 40 minutes into my appointment time. I ask him if he's behind. He says yes, but he would be done in half an hour. He asked me if I was in a rush and I said yes since I was getting pissed. I told him it takes him more than half an hour to do a haircut. He said I could see someone else. I went to Jonathan after he was done. I had experience with him at another shop. He gives a good cut but talks a lot. He gave me a free shave and a facial for my inconvenience. That was nice. Why the heck should I make an appointment if you can't stick to the schedule?  Highly inconvenienced.  Probably not going back. I'd like to add that they had a DJ on site that day. Music was way too loud for a barbershop. More like a local hang out than a barbershop.
1	Barber was out of town yet again from my usual barbershop, so I decided to come back here since I had a decent experience from my last visit.It was a pretty busy day at the barbershop, every seat was taken but there was only 2 guys ahead of me. Wait wasn't bad, but I suggest you go sometime after 12PM since that's a busy time.**I should have read earlier reviews about Greg. If I did I probably would've waited a bit longer for another barber since I walked in. Asked for a high fade, bald on the bottom with a hard part razored in. I thought the cut was going well until he started cutting the back. He really butchered the back of my head and took out bulk at the top of the back. Also the fade had no blend on the sides. I would have definitely been a lot happier with going to Hector who cut my hair last time I was here or anyone else. I probably just had the least skilled barber. If you're going to come here, definitely try to set up an appointment with anyone else besides Greg. Maybe third time is the charm if I ever decide to come back here.
5	I recently moved to Nevada  and had the dreaded task of finding a new barber to trust with my hair. Great barbers are hard to find and me being picky makes it even harder. I went to another shop I found on yelp, oscars I think it was called and walked in on a weekday at a time I thought wouldn't be too busy. I was so wrong. It was packed which might've been a good sign but they told me the wait would be an hour and a half to two hours which I guess is my fault for not having an appointment. After waiting I checked yelp again and saw fresh cuts and decided to give them a call. They said they could take me right away. Honestly my first experience was a bad one, so much so I went back to the shop the next day to try to get it fixed. I got paired with Louis, is chair is in the middle of the shop, not the Louis at the front.... He started fixing me up and Alex  came over and asked about my previous experience and sincerely apologized and took really good care of me. The job Louis did was leaps and bounds better than the initial cut and I will definitely go back to him. I have a new barber, thanks Louis and Alex!
1	Not coming back. Got a haircut I didn't want. He even lined my front edge. I NEVER GET MY FRONT EDGED!!!He didn't even ask. Said I should have told him. It was NOT what I wanted. I will continue to look elsewhere.The journey is long and treacherous at times. But a good barber is hard thing to find!
3	I got a message from the owner of the shop, Alejandro, apologizing for the experience I had at the shop and offering me a free cut by him.  I really appreciate the recognition of the problem, and the willingness to try to fix it so I raised my review a star. Unfortunately I can't go in again because I don't live there anymore.
