1	NO STARS!! We went in for a simple oil change, they told us that our belts were cracking and so we gave them the authorization to replace them, after all we live in the desert.  Then they told us that we had an oil leak, and that they would charge us $85 to steam clean the engine to find out where the leak is coming from.  We did not have a leak prior to going there for the oil change.  We park in a concrete driveway and would know if we had a leak.  So my husband looks underneath the car today to see where the leak is coming from, and finds that 3 of our oil pan bolts are VERY loose, and 1 of them had been loosened a little. They loosened our oil pan bolts so that we would have to pay them to clean the engine and tighten the bolts, imagine what they will do to your brake system to get you to pay more????   This place is a rip off!!!  CONSUMER BEWARE!!!!!!
5	I have a 1997 Toyota 4Runner with only 70000 miles on it , so needless to say it doesn't have much use on it. Usually it sits in a garage. Anything including regular mantainence is always done on the spot. So I was surprized when my truck was dead in the garage. I hooked it up to a charger, and in 10 minutes I was on my way. A week later, the same thing. Dead in the garage. OK, I buy a new battery and install it. Still dead. So I had it towed to Ted Wiens on Rainbow. They have treated me well in the past, so instead of going to the dealer and paying thru the nose I took it to Ted Wiens.Although I can do minor servicing , I am by no means a auto mechanic. Well, I left the plastic cap on the new battery (OK everybody have a good laugh). Paula called us and told me there was nothing wrong with the charging system. This is important because they really could have reemed me with a big bill for a new alternator or electrical work. HEY LAS VEGAS..AN HONEST MECHANIC! So I had them change my oil and look at my brakes. Here again , they could have reemed me but told me my brakes were good and only needed the rear brakes adjusted. So Las Vegas, we've found a company that values the customer and does a good job. After being screwed around by the Goodyear shops here (don't waste your money) Ted Wiens was a breath of fresh air!
3	Need an alignment after careless parking. Oops. Call Ted Wiens, they say they can accommodate , I've got big tires and it's going to be $99. I will park a little, actually a LOT more carefully! Waiting area is clean but a little dated with hard plastic armless chairs. There are a couple of vending machines and a kids table. The alignment CANNOT be done, it needs to go to a 4WD specialist but I'm happy they told me and didn't try to 'botch' it. I'll give them another try however with a more routine fix.
5	Went in for a flat repair.  Paul Carney handled the issue in a professional manner to make sure that it was handled as quickly as possible to get me on my way.  Great customer service.
1	Total RIP OFF! Don't go here if you don't want to leave this place with a hole in your bank account and with more repairs necessary after pick up than before.I am a female and made clear to Paula, the receptionist and her mechanic Jessie, that I do know a little about cars and that I have an idea what my issue was. 2 days later, after they said they needed the take out the engine and many expensive work hours later, I got my car back. It worked for about an hour, then the check engine light came on. That day  I received a phone call from Paula saying that they forgot to install a part....the missing tube was sent to the shop late, yet they released my car. How does that happen. They really need to communicate with each other!!! No apologies or anything, instead Paula told me she could ship it on my cost and charge my credit card.Since I am from out of town, I had my "professional" Audi mechanic check out the bill and the work they performed on my A4 after my trip....and he was just shaking his head with a deep exhale. First off did they not only break part of a plastic tube, they also charged me double ($30) for coolant. When I picked up the car, I signed the 3 page bill without checking...and I do take full responsibility for that, however non of the mechanics actually came out to explain the work they did.These guys might just be good enough for an oil change.With that said....I recommend to everyone to rather get a tow truck than to pull into Ted Wiens!!!
5	These Guys did a great job! This is a lady friendly car place, they know about tires and could order my special size tires and get them in the next day. They were the only tire place in town that could do it and saved me over $100 per tire. I would recomend this place to everyone looking for tires.
1	Don't pay the extra for lifetime allingment.  They don't even honor the extra check up for the single allingment. Even though they didnt even allingn it correctly the first time. Don't waste money or your time.
5	This place is the BEST in town! The guys here are honest and take the time to show and explain every detail. They noticed my cracked radiator while checking my brakes and gave me a great deal! The manager, Roger I believe, is a very wonderful man with a high standard of professionalism. The team is humorous and keep things lite. If you're looking for a spot to help with your car this is my #1 recommendation!
4	A coworker told me that she had received good service here, so I decided to check it out! I made an appt and my information and car was taken back right away. I just needed an oil change and tire rotation- so just a routine appointment. At other car places they've given me a hard time about the oil my car takes (5W-20) and tried to charge extra for it, but they didn't do that here. The oil change price was really good and they do the tire rotation for free. They also pointed out a leak (I don't remember exactly what it's called) and said it was 'leaking heavily'. I wasn't pressured into fixing it then and there; they just let me know that it is important to fix within a few months.Logan booked my appointment and the manager, Roger, helped me today during the car service. There were only 2 of us in the waiting room so I thought my car would be done a little bit quicker (I went up and let them know that I had to get to work) but overall, it was a great experience!! (Potentially a 5-star place in the future, but since I've only been there once, I'll hold off for now!)
3	Never mind
5	After a little miscommunication with the employees, Roger the manager made everything work out. Car is fixed and my wife is happy. A happy wife a happy life.
1	DONT GO HERE!!! Sexist! Unprofessional!! Liars! I got my jeep done at back country and came here for an alignment and an oil change I nearly forgot was due. I told these guys I was going to Tahoe right after so they knew I was on a schedule. They said that there was play in my wheel. Argued about a spindle. Mister, you're an idiot because I have solid ball joints and just needed to check or slightly adjust the tow. I thought "that's not like them, my guys are good. That's a rookie mistake. So I had to bring jeep back to back country. Ted Wein guys already changed my oil so I needed to pay for that. I saw them looking at me and smirking/laughing and I already knew what was going on, I mean, I wasn't born yesterday... When I got in my jeep, my mileage read 119k and they put on the sticker Due at 120k miles! An oil change every thousand miles? Yeah okay. Do you think I'm an idiot? I probably make 3-4x the amount of money you make so keep wasting your time instead of focusing on being more successful. My apologies go to the readers for my bad attitude. It just gets so old having mechanics try to overcharge and take advantage of women. Just because I'm a woman doesn't mean anything. Don't assume I'm ignorant. I happen to have been working on cars and motorcycles since I was 12 years old. Up until I got out of the military and didn't have access to the hobby shop and a $3 Lift rental fee, tools included. I know my shit. I've put in the hours. I even took a college level auto technology class years ago because I was BORED. I double checked, and they actually replaced the filter and oil. Which they did. Which means they didn't rob me. Just wasted 4 hrs of my time, assumed I'm a girl so let's take advantage. Ted weins will never touch ANY of my vehicles. Ever. The jeep place checked and the ball joints were very tight. Ted Weins guys probably loosened the lug nuts. I should have checked myself... I forgot there are so many douche bags in the world today... Long story short, jeep guys hooked it up and referred me to a MORE HONEST business and I was finally on my way 5 hours later. Made it!
5	I have to say this is one of the best places in town to get your car fixed. I've been in Vegas five years now and my first week here they came to my rescue after a minor fender bender. My vehicle was undrivable due to two flat tires. They drove out to the scene with an extra spare and got me to their shop. In the past five years, I've tried using other garages mostly due to the location of where I was staying but for any major work I always bring my car back to the Ted Wiens on Rainbow. Most recently I brought my car in for some major engine repairs. They quoted me a large estimate that I approved and how nice was it that the work came in under budget? If you live close by and need to leave your car there overnight they do offer a ride home service(if they aren't to busy that is). They just opened a battery service/repair where you can take your electric cars in have the battery serviced and extend its life. For you tree huggers this is great news as it will save you 40-60% off of buying a whole new battery. Rodger, you run an awesome garage and your employees are top notch. Thank you!
