3	The hotel kind of reminded me of an upgraded hostel, but not in a bad way necessarily. I noticed that the majority of people staying in the hotel were tourists.The lobby is tiny, with a small bar on the right when you walk in, and two desks available for check in. The people working at reception are helpful, and suggested restaurants nearby when we asked for where we could get a good meal.The rooms are standard, ours had two doubles, with a shower in the bathroom and a flat screen tv. There wasn't anything particularly special about the room, just simple and clean, which was a relief. For the $120/night price, however, I was hoping Ibis would've been a bit more fancy. But it has a great location in Hunter Square, being a short walk from Princes St. and High St. and there's a continental breakfast offered for 5 pounds/person (worth it!).
4	Very good hotel for the budget and above average traveller. Very much on the royal mile. Parking is a problem.Room service was bad but the food was good.Rooms were top notch for the price. I got a room for 49 pounds a night which I thought was a steal for the comforts the room had.
3	First, the price and excellent location of this hotel makes staying here more justified. We visited in October 2010 for three nights. Never being to Edinburgh before hotel rooms can range from $100-$600. We were thrilled by the location in Old Town. We were not familiar with the Ibis Hotel brand... just know there are no amenities provided, one thin old towel per guest, and you must visit the "ironing room" on the 2nd floor. There is a Boots about a block away and you can go and buy soap, shampoo, etc. This town is noisy in the early hour of the morning...to no fault of this hotel.  Just know you are getting a very basic hotel experience.
2	Oh man. Where to start with IBIS? The bed was SO uncomfortable..it was really awful to walk around all day and then come back here and not be able to relax because of the uncomfortable bed and room. The hallways reeked of some horrible carpet freshener. It was so strong it made us feel slightly ill. Husband jokingly referred to it as "the smell of Edinburgh" but fortunately that was not the case. I think the one thing this place has going for it is location. The staff was really nice too, which helped.I filled out a survey about my stay and they offered us a free stay next time we are in Edinburgh but I don't know when that will be. I would stay for free but probably would not pay again unless there was absolutely no other hotel available.
4	Stayed here early December since I was going to a friend's wedding in the city and it was really a good stay.  The price was very reasonable compared to the rest of the city.  What more could you want - good price, friendly international staff and a great location.  We didn't bother with the breakfast though since it was 7.50 pounds which, I thought, was a bit pricey for what I was told was a continental breakfast.
