3	Subway is Subway. Some people hate it, some people love it, and some, like me, tolerate it when there's a need for a quick and inexpensive lunch. This location literally just opened a few days ago, and as expected, the staff was really cheery and ready to please. Everything was also *really* clean. After a few months, I'm sure they'll be jaded and not be as attentive to the specific ways each person wants their sandwich prepared. Regarding the quality of the food, the produce, meat, and cheese were actually quite fresh. However, the bread was definitely not freshly baked and was actually quite stale. I'm sure I'll be back for more quick, inexpensive lunches, and the current $5/footlong promotion is actually quite a steal.
1	Subway is a royal piece of shit!! They pretent to be healthy but they use trans fat in all of their food. Butter and natural vegetable oil is metabolizable. I cant believe they wont do the right thing and take it out of thier food. It is banned in many countries and in multiple states here. F you Subway!
4	Food was fresh and the bread had just came out of the oven.
4	I just learned that after its long hiatus, PASTRAMI is back at Subway.  YAY!!  So of course I whipped into the first one I came to, this one right here in the Lowe's Center to bite into one.  I had them warm, not toast it, & pile it up with cheese and my choices of other goodies in addition to the Pastrami, & it was delicious!The restaurant here doesn't have booths, except for 1/2 of one that was facing the morning sun, so that's a bit of a minus for me, so 5 Stars for the sandwich & 3 for the dining room...  4 altogether.  (Now we just need to get them to serve soup all year.)     :-))6" Pastrami Sub $5
4	I really like this location!  I haven't been in a while but for lunch today I just felt like Subway, so decided to go.  It was about 1230pm when I arrived so a little bit of a line, but it truly didn't matter because even though I was behind 2 ladies who didn't know exactly what they were doing, they quickly brought out a new sammie maker from the back for me.  This young man had me done before the ladies in front of me were done building their salads, so he bumped and called me forward to the cash register, had me pay, and the ladies who were now behind me, had no choice but to notice and gnash their teeth while I happily thanked all the worker's and strolled out the door!  Haha - Love that!  By the time I reached my car, got my car started, dropped the transmission into drive and rolled out, those beezy's still hadn't stepped out of the building!  I love good customer service....If people don't know what they want or what they're doing and hold things up, that should never translate to the people who do know what they want and what they're doing!  So, there you have it.....Common damn sense at the Subway on Baseline & 19th Ave.  Good job, guys - I appreciate you!
1	Not a fan of this location.  On my visit today for lunch, it was a bit dirty and they are very skimpy on veggies.  The employees don't seem to enjoy their jobs either. I live close by this location, but it's well worth the drive to 51st ave and baseline to go to the subway next to Fry's.  It's clean and they always make a great sandwich. I won't be going back to this location nor recommend it to friends, family, and neighbors.
2	The staff at this location were to busy talking to themselves rather than listening to the customers order. Also there was three of them in a line making one sandwich, I think two would have been fine, the other could have cleaned or could have been prepping something. They were also out of avocado. They did not have change for a $100 and I didn't buy my sandwich because I went to Burger King for change.
