4	Taking over where the Room in the Town used to be, Papavero is an Italian-Scottish fusion place, with a very broad menu of options. I really enjoyed my soup and pizza, but it's hard to tell where the real gems lie on the menu, without closer inspection. Fortunately, things are very reasonably priced, so it lends itself to multiple visits.The interior is really very smart, and the welcome friendly, so if all the dishes on the menu match up, this has a good chance of being a much-loved place.Overall, we said: "I enjoyed my visit to Papavero. With a menu that seeks to blend styles, it's even harder than usual to give a rounded assessment in just one visit, but the place is starting from a good level of quality. Things are very reasonably priced and the breadth of choice is likely to please. I look forward to seeing how things develop, as I think it has an opportunity to become a real New Town favourite."
5	Great little spot with friendly service and tasty affordable italian!
3	After a hard day at work I ventured out to Papavero for a nice and relaxing meal.It was packed and was a tad on the merry/noisy side.For starter I chose Aubergine Garlic Bread. The portion did appear rather on the smaller side, however, the taste really was quite good.For my main course, I tried, Rack of Lamb. This was just so perfect, I was flabbergasted as to how good it was. The Lamb was cooked just right and effortlessly merged with the gravy.Service was quite snooty and not that attentive.I was going to rate Papavero 2 Stars, however, the Rack of Lamb saved the day and moved the rating up to an easy 3 Stars.
5	Gorgeous pizzas and great service. We were introduced to Papavero through a Groupon offer, but also noticed they advertise a lot of specials and deals on their website too - worth checking out as it can be really good value. That said, it's well priced even without a special deal. Top quality Italian food, a lovely bijou ambience and service with a smile. Definitely a new favourite for us.
