4	After several of my co-workers picked up lunch at B Cos. newest location, I decided that I would give it a try.  They are located in the old Krispy Kreme at Woodlawn and I-77.  This location takes advantage of the existing drive in!I ordered the classic cheeseburger and a side of sweet potato waffle fries.  I have to admit I had already sampled a co-workers waffle fries!  There are several menu options for burgers and hotdogs as well as sides and apps. My burger was juicy and delicious, but a bit small for the price.  I picked up my order, and got healthy portions of ketchup and mustard when I opened my lunch at work.  You can also add honey butter for the sweet potato fries.  I have to admit that my order took 15 mins to cook, I did not call ahead, but would in the future to avoid a wait while my burger cooks.  Also, the menu is a pit pricey.  I paid $9.56 for my burger and side, so this won't be a regular stop for lunch.Glad they opened on this side of town, and I can say that business was steady at the new location while I was there.
1	I had high hopes for this place,  but unfortunately they weren't met.  The burger was smaller than expected and was cooked very well done, just shy of being burned.  Perhaps if the cook spent more time concentrating on cooking and less time hitting on customers the burger might be better.On the positive side, the tater tots were good.
2	I was so excited when the Burger Co. opened up a location on my side of town. I never went to the original location but heard nothing but great things about the food. This Burger Co. is in a not so nice looking run down shopping center. Even though the outside looks shady you can tell that the inside can some work done.When I walked in today the smell of yummy burgers hit me. When I picked up the menu I was a little shocked at the highly priced items. Burger Co is by all means not a "gourmet" burger joint. The girl at the register was very nice. Took my to go order with no problems. The cooks clearly had no idea what was going on. They couldn't read the ticket. Yelled to me across the counter a few times to verify my orders. When I go the order to my lunch destination they were completely sloppy and greasy everywhere. I ordered 2 medium burgers. One was medium rare and other was well done. For the amount that I paid for the meal I was expecting just a little more "boom" instead of getting a bland greasy mess. As a devoted burger lover I have to say that I will not think twice about coming here again.
1	This location cannot handle volume.  There are only about 12 tables inside and 2 outside and they don't even have wait service so not sure what their problem is.  When we went for lunch at 12:00 they told us we had to wait to order because they were too behind. When we ordered they were out of stuffed burgers already. We got a couple burgers, and a hot dog to split.  It took almost 40 minutes. We sat at the counter seats since no tables were open.  We got our food and the hotdog with chili was cold, the burgers were tiny and mine was still kinda raw in the middle.  The place was a mess and the smell from the bathroom was nasty. We won't be back, I can make better burgers at home.
4	I went there for take-out, and was pleased with the service and the food.  I ordered a turkey burger and it was one of the best I've had.  I also ordered a black bean burger and it really was very good.  I'm particular when it comes to both of these, and they did not disappoint.  I agree with another reviewer that they make the best of the space, there are really no frills about it but it's a burger joint, so what more do you expect than good food, a clean place and good service?  The lady at the register made me feel like she was glad to see me, and that sometimes doesn't happen anymore in this age of people saying "no problem," instead of "you're welcome!"
3	Testing this place out. Thanks to Groupon. It's good...it resembles a bit of 5 Guys. But - taters, very crispy. Burgers. Enough to clog an artery or two. Ordered mushroom veggie burger. Yum but a bit messy. Marinated mushroom creates a bit of "grease". Overall. It's good. Not a wow factor.
4	Nice little spot for a pretty solid burger.  I had the Left Coast Burger and shared the tater tot nachos.  Not too healthy but pretty tasty.  Employees were nice and helpful and the patio option was a nice plus (so many Charlotte places lack patios!).  I dropped a star due to missing an ingredient on my burger and the prices weren't outrageous but a little high for eating out of a plastic basket.  I'll definitely go back though.
