5	I had never walked into an Ace Hardware store before.  I needed a few things and in 114 degree weather I didn't feel like driving all the way to a competitor so I stepped inside.  SO HAPPY I did.  It's a great store, really easy to navigate and it has very competitive prices.  I was specifically looking for an extending paint rolling pole and a ladder.  I found both at prices that were under their competitors price and a bunch more things I needed for the house.  The staff was A M A Z I N G, so friendly, knowledgeable and helpful.  As a woman I much preferred this experience to the "other" guy that is so big I get lost in.  Granted this is a much smaller store but when you need the basics, why waste the gas to go to the warehouse store?I am so glad they opened up in this neighborhood!!!
5	I loved this place, right around the corner from me, neat,organized, clean and nice and cool inside!
3	I used to love Ace Hardware.........when I lived in California. Although it wasn't as big as Home Depot, it was a clean, organized store with awesome customer service. All of the employees wanted to help you and were very knowledgeable. I only came here to buy gift cards. As soon as I walked in, the cashier in the front greeted me. I walked up to the register and told her that I wanted to purchase 2 gift cards. Then she replied "Oh, I don't know how to ring up gift cards. Let me call my manager." Fail! How did she not know how to do this? Then I thought okay, maybe she's a new employee. When the manager came over, he walked her through the process on the register. Then realized that they did it wrong. Fail again! So then they pulled out an old looking "manual" from the drawer and followed the instructions. Success! Finally, after 15 minutes of waiting. I can't believe the manager didn't even know how to ring up the gift cards! Even though I didn't shop here, the store looked organized. There was also a small Hawaiian snack area in the front by the registers. I am giving them 3 stars because they were nice and apologized about the whole situation.
5	For this review, customer service counts for everything.  I am often overwhelmed and a bit intimidated when I walk into one of those big box hardware stores.  This isn't my specialty, so how am I supposed to find anything?The second I walked in Ace, I was greeted and offered help.  That is so important to me here.  The young man walked me to the appropriate aisle, then even called a more senior employee to verify he was suggesting the right product.  A minute later I am walking out the door with just what I need. I will be making an effort to come here in the future and support this type of business model when I can.
1	This place Sucks! We went to get solar screens made here and they 1. Took forever 2, messed up the screens, because they didn't fit my windows ( even though we brought in the original screen so they could measure them!) 3 didn't use solar screens ( which we had paid for to block 80%) and when I tried to return them gave me a hard time. Never coming here ever again! Rather go deal with the big box hardware stores at least they have decent customer service.
2	The employee took us on a tour of the whole store trying to find our part. he then disappeared and never came back. another employee told me they didn't have what we wanted and sent me to a plumbing shop on the other side of the valley. 30 minutes later I learned the shop he recommended didn't sell parts.  I usually have good luck at ace in my home state but this one gives the whole chain a bad name.
2	Build, destroy, grow or clean hardware store.Located on Cheyenne and Rampart in the strip mall near Albertsons, CVS, Little Caesars and Einstein Bagels it's pretty hard to miss.I've been coming to Ace Hardware for odds and ends since it opened a few years back. The building before was a furniture joint that seemed to be always empty. When Ace opened I was sure this location would be a hit with sun city and Desert Shores community close by.Due to the distance from my house, Ace provides products that I might need on the fly like screws, Chlorine etc, but I cannot recommend Ace Hardware for anything else. The prices are a lot higher than places like Lowes or Home Depot. The selection of products are also extremely limited with most of the time either being out of stock or odd measurements.The service isn't crash hot either. When they first opened the service was great, but in the past 12 months they have a big change over in staff and it seems like it's all gone a bit down hill. A good example was they had a line of customers, maybe 4 deep and only had one register opened, with 4 other staff members standing around the main desk talking about their weekends.OverallService: 2-5Product Selection: 2-5Pricing: 3-5Coming back: If I have too
5	Great experience I need nut, bolt and washer lowes and home depot did not have came here and the gentleman that was over in the section helped me out and I got just what I needed and didn't have to purchase a whole package.
