5	My 5 month old puppy loves this place. We brought her in last week for her "interview" and she did great! They interview the dogs to make sure they get along with the other doggy campers and so they can properly place them in areas that match their size/personality. They ask that the dog stay there for 3 hours so they can get acquainted with them but let them stay the whole day for free. We had our puppy there for 3 nights while we were out of town and she had to be dragged to the car. She didn't want to leave her new friends! During her stay we were able to see her through their puppy cams. The quality isn't great but we could tell she was having fun and being safe. What makes this place different than conventional kennels is that they have large play areas (indoor and outdoor) for the dogs. The dogs just run around and play with other dogs all day and they put them in their kennels overnight. They have large kennels with cots for the overnight campers. They feed the dogs to your specifications and give the dogs a treat at night. Every afternoon the dogs get a little nap. At the end of the stay they write up a little report card of how the dog did, what and how much the dog ate, and the "dog's" rating of her stay on a 1-5 tail wag scale. The staff is so nice and you could tell that they are all animal lovers. They know each dog by name and can tell you which dog gets along with another. I will definitely be bringing her back here!
5	Camp Bow Wow is a really awesome place to board your dog. They have webcams throughout so you can check in and watch as your dogs chase each other - slightly reminiscent of something you would see in a sped up Benny Hill bit. I also like that they theme the whole place like an overnight camp with bedtime smores and all. You won't find a better kennel around!
3	I boarded my dog overnight here for 3 nights while out of town. They require an initial "assessment" which basically means you drop your dog off for a few hours and let him play with other dogs to see if he is aggressive. I think this is just a formality from how the girls at the front talked to me about it. Once your dog s boarded, s/he gets to play in a great big kennel (with the daycare dogs) with outdoor access all day until dinner/bedtime. You can get a free bath if your buddy stays 4+ nghts otherwise it's $10. They say they have webcams for you to see your dog while you are away but don't count on it. If you don't download their program, you can't see it in high quality and you'll see nothing but blocks moving slowly on your screen and blurry fur that most likely belongs to a dog other than yours. If you download the program, you'll get to see a wide view of the large kennel but trust me, you won't see your dog unless s/he is standing directly in front of the camera. Prvate kennels are large and come with a raised cot. Once you pick your pooch up, they give you a report of who your dog was buddies with and how he did. It's $35 a night, I'd use them again if I travel. Teddy was pooped by the time I picked him up---means he has lots of fun.
5	This place is probably the only place I would board my little monster. The staff is great, the place is clean and they took great care of my dog. I don't board very often, I've boarded two times and only to here. When I was younger I worked at dog boarding places and this one is run much better than the ones I've worked at.
5	I called around to board dogs for this Thanksgiving.  Talked to our local store and hey were booked,a dn referred us to the Peoria location.SO...the next day we went to Camp Bow Wow Peoria...WOW!  the owner talked to Janet on phone the day before for 30 minutes!  we were greeted warmly and given a full tour by a very enthusiastic young lady...AND they only charge $60/NIGHT FOR 2 DOGS VICE $83.50 + ALL THE EXTRA SERVICES YOU HAVE TO PAY FOR (play time, treats, Medicine administration, baths, etc at Pete and Macs, its ALL INCLUSIVE at Camp Bow Wow...even free bath with 4 night stay!).(To JENN above:   there is no software from them, the software your speaking of is ADOBE FLASH and I have the same issue (note Ipads and Windows Smartphones won't run flashplayer!)...this is not the businesses fault, your computer was out of date.....as for the resolution, we can see the images somewhat more clearly on our computers, so I believe that may also be a function of your system age/abilities...sorry your having a hard time, this a great feature!)If you want to test it out before deciding, you can go to their website now and see the video, which will tell you if your computer can handle the job:))The day we went out to see it, The owner spoke with us for about 30-45 minutes, including talking to me about the franchise (I am looking to buy a business).Dogs are going for their FREE "get acquainted visit tomorrow in preparation for their stay over Thanksgiving.the only other place we considered was Pete and Macs and they got a "No way in hell" from my wife for the following experience::We found Pete and Macs on Yelp and it  seemed fine over phone....told wife to check 'em out.it took exactly ten seconds in the door before the employees there made my wife feel uncomfortable.....they didn't say hello, instead barking at her "ARE YOU HERE TO PICK UP A DOG?"she told them she wanted to know more about the store, and they suddenly seemed disinterested, telling her "we'll get someone to talk to you" then let her stand for a few minutes while they returned to  chatting casually......a few minutes later a guy came out and again made her feel like she was taking up his valuable time.  She wasn't allowed to see the play areas, apparently the tour means "partial tour."I got a very stressed out phone call stating that "there was no way in hell we were leaving our animals there"TWO OTHER BUSINESSES told us "yeah, we get a lot of business from them for that reason" after hearing our story...kind of a chronic problem, then?BUSINESS 101 guys:  DON"T ALIENATE NEW CUSTOMERS!this is going to be a $300 board, and your competitor is getting our business.We are excited to be using Camp Bow Wow and Highly recommend it!
1	We used them for over a year, tried to make reservation this time and was told VERY rudely by owner, Michelle that they never take dogs unless the vet does their shots. NEWSFLASH!! I am a nurse and always vaccinate my pets myself, they have always taken the records and receipts before.  I have moved to the Avondale Location and will never go to this location with this rude bitch again.  Too bad, they were such a nice place to take pets until SHE decided to change her policy!  BTW, per Camp Bow Wow corporate policy, owners may vaccinate their own pets except for rabies.  Would give her a ZERO for customer service, have to do one star as zero is not available.
1	I normally prefer Camp Bow Wow however I picked up my dog lastnight from day care and he was covered in pee.  Another dog or dogs took it upon himself to pee on him all day.  When I say saturated he was dripping wet and that is how he was given to me to drive all the way home.  The smell was horrendous and he was very disturbed the rest of the night.  I actually had to give him something to calm him down.I'm not sure why the change Camp Bow Wow but you may need to take a look at your current staff and re-evaluate their employment.
5	After reading reviews I am pretty shocked.  For starters the place is great. Just make sure you have them wash your dog before you pick him or her up.  I have an Irish Setter he is very high maintenance. It was great because he played hard for the 4 days he was there.  When I brought Clean Zane home, he slept for about 10 hours.  I know he had a good time.  I called and checked on him a couple of times and the staff was always friendly.  I am not sure about a policy someone was complaining about.  I called my awesome vet at Parkway animal Clinic, they faxed over his records and He was good.  I brought him in for an interview.  30 minutes later they said he was great.  I am really happy with Camp Bow Wow.
1	Don't trust this company with your pet!  I've boarded my dog many times in the past with never an issue. Apparently, they told me after boarding my dog for a three day business trip, that they had her confined to the 3 feet by 6 feet kennel for almost the entire three days and nights due to "behavioral problems". The issue is, I never received a phone call and if I knew my dog was in the kennel for three full days and nights I would have had a friend pick her up. This was borderline animal abuse!  Why collect people's phone numbers if you don't call them if there is a problem?
4	I have two puppies that I was very nervous to drop off at a sitter. The first time, I checked them in for their evaluation and they stayed half of the day. They loved it, came home exhausted and slept the entire next day. They now know the word "camp" so they get all excited knowing where they are going. The staff always shows so much excitement to see them, which in turn makes the puppies more excited. And...I love the WebCam! Though you have to jump through hoops to get it installed, it is fun to watch. Love Ali and Lexi
5	To me, the most important thing regarding my pets is my comfort level approaching a situation.  Be it a routine veterinary visit, or booking a long stay at a facility such as Camp Bow Wow, if I don't trust them, I don't do business with them.This facility falls into the EXTREMELY rare category of places I absolutely trust.  The staff is attentive, knowledgeable, and professional.  They sincerely care about their work and it shows.  My dog, Barney, always enjoys himself there.They also offer the now very important monitoring features that many facilities are still hesitant about.  With very few exceptions, I can easily check in on my dog at any time during his visit(s).  I always see staff walking around, monitoring the dogs in the play area and caring to their needs.  This is a truly exceptional place.  Well priced, with outstanding staff and a fun, friendly and SAFE environment for your pets.
5	Our puppy has been going there for quite some time now. The staff are very friendly and always make me, "mom",  feel good about entrusting them with our beloved dog. We have yet to have had any kind of an issue. In fact, on a couple of different occasions, they have gone above and beyond to accommodate our crazy family schedules. So grateful for them!
5	We love Camp Bow Wow Peoria! My German Shepherd puppy has been going to day care here since he was 4 months old. The staff is very friendly and they care a lot about all the dogs. I have have never had a bad experience with this location. They always go out of their way to make my dog feel comfortable... Here is a short list of things I love about this place.1. They have cameras that stream to their online website and you can watch your pup from anywhere. (If you can't find them you can call and they will tell you what room they are in.)2. They are custom. They will feed your dog at your desired time, put them down for a nap, give then treats, etc.3. They can give your dog a bath if you would like.4. They have inside and outside areas for all sized dogs to play. Inside is air conditioned for the hot summer days!5. They always have at least one staff member in each dog area.
5	Camp Bow Wow is amazing. Period. Their facility is huge and clean and their staff - their staff is AWESOME! They are attentive to the dogs, playing with them and taking good care of them. Each of the play area also has a camera you can pull up and watch your pup play - because let's face it even though you're on vacation you miss your furbabies. They offer half days and whole days, longer stays and training. You can bring your own food and they follow all your special instructions for your pets. You get a cute little report card at the end of your dog's visit there - complete with a picture! It is such a relief to know our dogs are cared for when we need to go out of town. I would highly recommend Camp Bow Wow to any dog lover.
4	I was stuck in a jam on a Sunday when I stopped home & noticed my dog sitter wasn't properly taking care of my 1 year old pitbull Bella. I came across Furshire (new name) & called them. I was able to bring her right in provided I had all her shots up to date. The place in itself is huge & clean (the owner Janine was walking around barefoot). I was nervous about my dog behaving there because she has a fearful aggression (she's a rescue). There's a pool outside for the dogs to swim in with lots of running space. I felt at ease leaving her there-the sleeping area was clean & they had blankets to provided-the staff was nice enough to send a few pictures to me upon request. I wish I had known about the video cams to watch her on-no one told me, I just read that through the reviews-the ONLY reason they got 4 instead of 5 stars. Hands down, this is the place I will continue to board her at when I go out of town. I paid 210.00 for Sunday-Friday. Totally worth the peace of mind.
