5	Lovely big plush, comfortable bar, with a gorgeous gantry. It's right next door to the Playhouse, so it's a good place to visit either before or after taking in a show. The Theatre Royal does get very busy sometimes, so if you want to get a seat, make sure you arrive early.
4	The Theatre Royal is of course affiliated with its neighbour, The Playhouse. I don't know if it is in business terms, but certainly the theme of this bar is to please the theatre goers as they step in for pre theatre drinks and eats.Because of its proximity to the Playhouse, it maintains a high standard of service and quality. The walls are freshly painted a rich red, there are theatre posters from years ago framed in each corner of the space, and the large horsehoe bar serves up a number of nice beers and spirits.They serve up the usual pub fayre for lunch, and it's not too expensive considering its central location. The bar staff are friendly and although it can get busy when a show is about to start, if you aim to get here a couple of hours early you could set yourself up for the night with a relaxed bottle of wine and a wee chat. They have outdoor seating which is enjoyed by locals, tourists and theatre goers during the sunny afternoons.I like this bar. I would drink in it even if I wasn't going to the theatre, and make it my local if I stayed nearby. The exterior decor with the bugle players is interesting, making it stand out as one of the older and classier bars in the area. But what I like most of all about this place is that they keep their toilets clean and tidy. What's more, they pipe music through them. At long last I've found somewhere which plays elevator music in the bathroom. There's nothing worse than doing a wee and awkwardly knowing that your wee, along with those in the neighbouring cubicles, are amplified. Makes washing your hands beside your previously anonymous pee partner needlessly embarrassing. So even though they were playing Joe McElderry of X Factor fame when I visited, I would gladly take that over the icy silence that usually falls on bathrooms. A round of applause for Theatre Royal!
4	This bar/restaurant can't be missed, with it's rich exterior and important position right next to the Edinburgh Playhouse! It definitely fancier, and much larger, than many of the other bars and pubs in Edinburgh and has an enviable menu as well. Now that it's summertime, the outdoor seating is extremely tempting and I have to say I succumbed! The food is surprisingly inexpensive, and I had a delicious chicken burger with my beer. They also serve mains (I noticed they do a lot of fish dishes, haddock, salmon etc) as well as salads and pretty good-looking desserts... It's extremely cosy indoors, but I'm not sure much sunlight is allowed in there, so I'd definitely recommend heading there whilst the weather permits!
2	This bar pretty much sums up everything that annoys me about the Theatre in one go. It's a bit gaudy looking, it's painted stupidly flambuoyant colours and the shakespearean life-sized figureheads suspended above the door are just a little too desperate and attention-seeking for my liking. And on the one occasion I drank here it was full of people that pretty much matched that description too.Yes, it's a really convenient location if you want a few drinks before you see a show, as it's pretty much inside the Playhouse building. But that fact also means that drinks are really overpriced. Obviously the other reviewers liked it considerably more than I did, but I have to say I am definitely not a fan.
3	We picked this pub based on Yelp's reviews and weren't disappointed. The pub has a very old-school drama-Yama feel to it and I felt at home immediately just looking at the numerous musical posters on the wall. We had our dinner here and opted for a mushroom soup to start with a Mushroom risotto as main. The soup was light yet creamy enough to finish the whole bowl of it. The accompanying bread was kinda salty- very different expectations from me. Hubby loved it more than me. I personally loved the mushroom risotto very much. A good stomach warmer for the cold outside.
3	A good option for watching sport on the big screenm pint prices not horrendous yet and a decent range of ales. I particularly liked the fact there's a framed photo of one line-up of The Exploited amidst the decoration on one wall of the back room.
