4	I guess a restaurant is doing pretty good if they open a second location.  The Chicken Box 2 is beside the Cookout on Sugar Creek, and I must say its a nice size location, I think it's an old Shoney's or something but it's very roomy for those dining in.  They have the same menu and are open 7 days a week and have added a tasty looking breakfast menu that includes chicken and waffles(mental note to try as my eyes widened), pancakes, omelette's, platters, sandwiches, etc.  I may go as far to say that I thought the food was better compared to the Tryon street location, but I'll have to confirm that on my next trip.  I'm looking forward to going back.
5	My cousin and I were cruising by one afternoon and had to check out The Chicken Box. It was our first visit to a place neither of us had ever heard of, so we had no idea what to expect. When we walked in and saw the menu, I was shocked...it was huge!  More soul food selections then you could imagine. I'm always a bit skeptical about new places though, so I went with a favorite of mine, fried chicken. Now, you may think I'm pulling your leg here, but I kid you not. This place had the BEST fried chicken I've ever tasted! I had the broccoli casserole and mac and cheese as my sides. Never tasted better sides. Even the sweet tea was just purely wonderful. The lady that took our order was as sweet as the tea, couldn't ask for better service. She recommended the sweet potato pie for desert, which was great as well.I would highly recommend The Chicken Box to anyone looking for some truly great soul food. This little joint gets 5 stars from me, and I will make sure to stop in again for some more great food.
2	I must say, on my most recent trip to the Chicken Box (second location), I was quite disappointed. I don't know if they were having a bad day, or if it was just me. I was in the mood for fish so I ordered the whiting dinner. It's usually pretty good. On this particular day, the fish was really thin and a little on the tough side. Can white fish be tough? lol I had fried okra ( my fav!) for my side and the taste was just way off! I'm going to blame it on bad greese. Any other time I never have a bad meal at either locations. Not the best soul food in town, but pretty good.
3	Decided to pick up dinner for the family tonight and I thought the Chicken Box would be satisfying. I appreciated the owner giving me a breast after learning the 4 piece chicken dinner I ordered were just too small. But the chicken was over cooked and i was so disappointed.  My daughter ordered the fish with yams and mac and cheese and enjoyed both. I was really disappointed in the wing selection. Because I have faith in this establishment, I'll try it again.
4	We could not have found a better place for Sunday dinner than Chicken Box.  We arrived about noon and there were a lot of people having dinner after church.  You order at the counter from the bewildering array of side order items.  It was really hard to narrow it down.Ms T and I ordered a two piece and three piece dark dinner respectively with fried okra, black eyed peas, cole slaw, pintos and collards.  We chose corn bread muffins as our bread.  Wow, I'm getting hungry thinking about it and I just ate.The chicken was very hot, fresh and juicy.  The salt was just right.  The coating was light, crisp and tender.  This is very good straight ahead fried chicken.  It is not peppery, either red or black.The sides were all good.  Pintos were plain, perfectly cooked, perfect salt, one of my favorite things.  The greens had no meat or fat, in fact they have a little sign saying that they do not use pork fat/lard in their cooking, so I guess these greens are pretty healthful.  They were mild and flavorful, with perfect salt again.  The slaw was a fine Carolina chop with a very good creamy dressing that was slightly but not too sweet with good depth.  Black-eyed peas were similar to the pintos, plain, no meat, but flavorful and tender.  Ms T did not like the fried okra as well as she usually does.  I will have to yield to her expertise, put I liked it.  She felt it had been parboiled before frying, leaving it a little soggy.  It had mild but nice okra flavor coming through the light coating.  The corn muffins had good corn flavor.This was a great meal of southern cookin'.  Again, we have found a place that is exactly what Sweetie Pie's in St Louis has the reputation for, but has completely failed to earn.  I have no idea when I will ever be in Charlotte again, but I would not say never.  When I am, I will eat at Chicken Box.  Might have to try the other location.  Strong four stars.
5	Can you say home cooked meal :-)  My boyfriend and I wanted to have some good ole southern food and visited the chicken box on sugar creek. We walked in to friendly faces and helpful cashier. I really hate making decision on trying new items so the cashier gave me some great suggestion on their top sellers. I had the Croaker fish and chicken platter which was so delicious the fish was fried perfect and the chicken had the perfect season, along with candied yam and collard green. my boyfriend had oxtail with rice and mac and cheese (homemade) and cabbage. The serving were so big we had  some left for a late mid-night snack. and to  finish the date off we had the most moist red velvet cake I every had in my life. I cant wait to go back again and try the smothered pork chop. Thanks chicken box for a awesome experience.
4	Ok, my girlfriend and I drove all the way from hickory just to eat here and I will say that the chicken box did not disappoint us. I had the 4 wing dinner with collards and okra and she had the oxtails with rice,  collards and okra. We enjoyed our meals and left full and satisfied.  I will say that the chicken wings, in my opinion was average but the oxtails was the highlight of the dinner. Overall I rate this place 4 stars for service, sides and those delicious oxtails.
4	A friend of mine who lives in Charlotte took me here and I definitely enjoyed the experience. Great fried chicken and the sides were excellent as well. The greens were great.
2	Today for lunch I decided to try this place based on my boyfriend's suggestion that the food was fantastic, however I was slightly disappointed... I ordered the Perch dinner with macaroni and cheese and green beans with a corn muffin for my sides. For starters I didn't like the fact that this place charges .29 cents for tap water. The green beans were bland to me they tasted like canned green beans!!!! The Mac and cheese was just okay not bad or good and the perch was okay as well. The only great thing about the place was the workers friendly attitude. But here's my verdict lets just say that my boyfriend is suspended for choosing places to eat for a while....      :)
4	Love the chicken gizards and livers. Chicken, Greens and cabbage are good.
5	Came into town from Raleigh with my mom a few weeks back and we decided to eat here. We saw commercials for this place all the way in Raleigh. I must say the food was really good with just the right amount of seasonings. I ordered the baked chicken white/stuffing, collards, mac & cheese. Lets not forget the sweet tea and roll. This was excellent and my mom ordered the same thing with a side of sweet potatoes. If you're  ever in town you must try this place out.
1	I've eaten here several times before.  It seems like its always hit or miss.  This time was a BIG miss!  I had the meatloaf, Mac & cheese, and stuffing.  The Mac & cheese was so dry and very bland.  The stuffing was burnt and it wasn't edible.  The meatloaf was just ok.  It also took 20 minutes to get my food which seems it could have been sitting out for a while.  I really want to love this place.  But, today reminded me why I only go 2-3 times a year.  I remember the 1 amazing meal I had and I somehow always hope I get that experience again.  All and all, I'd rather eat at Lola's uptown.  The food is much better and the people seem friendlier.
2	This place had the most horrible customer service and food service times in the world!!! If you like to wait up to 45 minutes for ONE dinner plate and enjoy looking at the nonchalant face of the cashier who looks like she hates being there, then by all means, enjoy!  I have called to place an order before hand numerous times and every single time I come to pick it up ( I live 5 min away) it is never ready or even close to being ready. It takes me 15 minutes just pay for my preordered meal. Then when they take my money it takes an additional 30 min to actually receive the dinner.  I try going at different time throughout the day thinking that I might have missed the lunch rush and will hopefully receive my meal a little quicker. WRONG!! Same thing just minus about 10 min from your initial wait time. The sad part that they actually have good food!! That's why for some strange reason I keep coming back ( not to mention it's so close to my house). The last 3 times I went to order food, I couldn't wait 30 minutes for food and was pretty much forced to leave by choice. I gave them 2 stars because their food is good but everything else sucks.
4	Excellent fried chicken (reminds me of how my mom used to make it) and amazing greens!    When I'm in Charlotte on business and want some "home cooking", it's the spot.
3	I used to eat at the other location at least several times per week thru out the eighties and nineties since we had a retail business right next door on Tryon Street. We sold that business many years ago and I haven't had the great fried gizzards, livers, and chicken for quite a while now.  For several years now I've been meaning to stop by the new location on Sugaw Creek and finally did on Tuesday, 7/8/14, craving gizzards. It was 11 am and they had just opened for the day.To my disappointment their food truck hadn't arrived yet and they were out of gizzards. I overheard another customers' conversation and I believe he had ordered fish, croakers I think, and they were out of that too. I believe a restaurant should never run out of their products they sell.But anyway, I got an 8 piece order of chicken and an order of livers since they were out of gizzards and away I went. I couldn't wait to get home so I started in on the livers as soon as I got in the car. The first thing I noticed the oil used to fry the food appeared old. That's another no-no for a restaurant that specializes in fried food. Got'a keep that grease fresh! The next thing I noticed - NO SALT! The crust on the chicken and livers was excellent - except the lack of salt! Maybe they just forgot to add it to the breading mixture.Any restaurant  can have a bad day and I'll give them the benefit of the doubt. Will I go back? Absolutely - next week!
2	I love the original Chicken Box on N. Tryon but I decided to stop here because it was closer. I called ahead and spoke with a nice lady on the phone to order a 3pc whiting with cabbage, cornbread and black eyed peas. I told her about the offer on yelp for a free sweet tea with entree purchase and she asked that I just bring it with me and I would be fine. When I arrived the man at the register was in the back and came out complaining about another employee. He said to a client waiting for her order, "You see what I have to deal with!?"  He and that client proceeded to have an exchange about the other employee's "attitude" while 3 other clients awaited his service. Needless to say, the lady in front of me (who was next in line) was displaying perturbed body language, which he completely disregarded. When it was my turn, he asked for my order and I stated that I'd already called in for a pick up order. Instead of asking for my name and looking it up in their system, he proceeded to play a guessing game, that took about a minute and a half. Finally, he asked my name and said it should be out shortly. I informed him of the yelp coupon (that's available with check in) for the sweet tea. He condescendingly stated, "Ya'll be usin' these old coupons! Here's the coupon we got right now." He then passed me a folded copy of the menu (yeah,the menu!). I explained him that I was confident it was valid as it was on the yelp page and was only available with check-in. He angrily went and got the tea and told me my total was $8.45. When I pulled out my card he said, "That will be $9.45."  I explained to him that he'd just given me a different total and he said that was because of the tax. At this point, I didn't want to argue over the dollar. When he brought me my order he complained about the bag, clearly trying to blame the other employee. He got a new bag. I checked my order and started to leave. He said, "We good?", instead of offering a genuine apology. At which point, I just walked off. Now on to the food...The whiting was hot and delicious. The cabbage tasted like it had been sitting for days and had a light brown tint versus the typical green color. It had a strange aftertaste. The black eyes peas tasted like they'd been sitting as well and were bland and watery.The cornbread muffin was dry and lackluster. The tea was perfectly sweetened. The one on N. Tryon is always a perfect experience and I'll keep going there as I have been since the 1990s. Avoid this location and drive the extra 5 miles for a fabulous experience.
3	We just wanted some good ole southern eats, some get in your belly soul food.You walk in and place your order at a counter. The menu is big and on the wall. It being our first time, I wanted to try a little bit of everything so we ordered the following:*Kids Meal with fish fillet and double side of mac and cheese*Gizzards*3 piece chicken wings*Smothered chicken with cabbage and green beans.*Smothered pork chop with greens and fried okraWe chose to dine in and so we sat our selves and waited for our food. And waited for our food. Then we waited a little bit more. Then they finally called our number. Everything came out looking delicious. But the key word here is "look". What made it so disappointing is that half of our food was cold. My pork chops were so cold in the middle and my hunny's chicken too. I didn't even eat my pork chop because it was too cold. The mac and cheese was okay. The noodles were mushy and it was bland, it needed a little salt or something. The fish fillets were actually pretty good and we really enjoyed those.The vegetables we had were alright. Fried okra was on point. It was hot and fresh and I just added a little bit of salt and it was so good. The other vegetable sides we had did not disappoint either but they did not wow our taste buds either.The fried gizzards were banging. Perfectly fried and seasoned. The fried chicken wings were on point too. I actually liked the place. I should give them a two but what was good made up for what was bad.
4	The only bad thing I can say is that Chicken Box is an 1.5 hour drive from my home.  But, it gives me a reason to come back to Charlotte.I have not had fried chicken this good in more years than I can remember.  The batter was light crunchy batter encapsulated the moist flavor chicken.  What an explosion of goodness with every bite.Very low key restaurant that allows their food to speak volumes.  I truly enjoyed my meal as did my wife and son.  This is now our goto chicken place every time we are in or near Charlotte!!!!A definite family and friend recommendation as well as a repeater!!!!If you are in Charlotte, even passing through along I85, you need to swing in.
