5	I have seen a long line of companies try to fill the juice bar spot in the LA Fitness at McCormick Ranch.  This time it looks like Endurance Cafe is a keeper.  I typically would always walk by the juice bar counter, however now I won't do that again.  Justin, the owner of the company, works the juice bar daily.  Not only is he engaging and a nice guy - he's incredibly knowledgeable about fitness, nutrition and supplements.  He impressed me with his knowledge and has invested his savings in this business to make it work.  It's nice to see an entrepreneur with a goal and the knowledge and commitment to back it up.  This place is fantastic - the products are top notch and flavorful.  Best juice bar and supplement advice possible at this place!
5	Endurance Cafe inside of LA Fitness is great because you can get your morning coffee, post workout protein shake, lunch salad/sandwich, and all of your supplements all in one place! There is no need to make several stops for food, water, or supplement shopping after a workout because you can get it all at this cafe inside right inside of the gym! Justin, the owner is extremely friendly and provides his expert advice to anyone who needs help with choosing the right supplements.  There are so many different options for post or pre workout protein shakes and smoothies, and they are all made with quality ingredients too!  He also makes delicious salads, wraps, and sandwiches to-go that are always fresh, as he makes them daily, right at the cafe. Great place to get all of your needs covered after a workout at LA Fitness!
4	Yummy pressed juices! Found this place on Yelp when I was looking to kill some time waiting for an Rx refill at Walgreens at McCormick Ranch. Endurance Cafe is inside the LA Fitness, but you don't have to be a member to get to the juice bar (I hate it when the juice bar is in the back of a gym and requires membership to get to it). It's on the right hand side when you walk in the gym.  I was welcomed to the juice bar by the dude who appeared to be the one in charge of the juice bar operations/ordering/menu. I saw no signage indicating if the produce used in the juices is organic, but the brawny man behind the counter assured me all the fruits and veggies they use are organic. This made me happy! I asked about the pressed juices, as I have been craving them ever since moving away from NYC 6 months ago where pressed juice is everywhere (though it is very pricey out there)! I was excited to see that they had pressed juices and not just smoothies. I don't think they use the fancy-schmancy Norwalk pressed juicers, but I'd argue that my drink tasted pretty damn nutritious. I ordered a basic juice to see how it was-I believe I got the carrot apple ginger or something along those lines (it was a couple weeks ago). I was surprised at how creamy and delicious it was! If the produce isn't the perfect ripeness it can taste off, but this was perfect. Slightly sweet and creamy and just a bit tart, this was 100% pure goodness. BTW, they use amazing ice! I know, it's just ice, but they use the tiny round cubes that they use at Coffee Bean which I love, they're so good! You can get your juice with or without ice, and I opted to have ice with mine as I have always found room-temperature drinks disconcerting.Prices are definitely fair for what they're serving (assuming that it is, in fact, organic produce). It's less than I would pay for juices of a comparable size in NYC and the quality is the same, so for around $7 I'd say its a fair price. The other drinks on their menu are less expensive, but pressed juices are always gonna be up there in price, so keep that in mind. This ain't no Jamba Juice! I can't wait to come back to try other things on the menu, as the food and other drinks sound delish as well. Only issue is, I always feel weird walking into a gym in street clothes with zero intention of working out!
5	Delicious and healthy fruit smoothies!  The fruits are raw and fresh compared to other juice bars that only use frozen fruits.  Justin, the owner, is always friendly and helpful!  I've bought supplements from this place and the service is fast and convenient!
5	The juice bar in LA Fitness is wonderful and healthy,,  The previous person who ran it  used  syrup as a base.  Justin uses  real whole fruits--   Try it you will like it !!!!And don't worry if you are not an LA Fitness member.  This juice bar is open to all
1	$7 for a half-cup of mediocre juice diluted with a half cup of water. -- HUH? What happened, me? Were you ripped-off? Yes, self, I was. First and last time, at least. I should have been tipped off by the fact that the juicer was a dinky piece of crap of infomercial quality. Secondly, I should have sensed something was going to go wrong when I asked the girl, "Are the fruits/veggies organic?" and the girl looked like I had asked her to explain quantum wave functions (i.e. like she'd just received a sucker-punch to the face). Thirdly, when she fumbled through the juicing process like an elk trapped in a minivan, I probably should have cut my losses and run out the door. Fourthly, when I noticed the fruit & veggies looked like they were bought at a truck stop between Phoenix and Prescott, I kicked myself for not just buying a coke.BUT THEN, when the juice only went half way up the cup and the girl took an already opened bottle of water and filled the rest with NOT JUICE but frigg'n WATER, I should have held her in a headlock until she refunded me. -- Can you imagine paying $7 for cheeseburger, and they give you only half a burger and some stale popcorn? NO! Can you imagine paying $7 for a box of candy, but they only give you half a box of candy, and fill the rest with peanut shells? NO! ..... That would be called a RIP-OFF!!!Do yourself a favor, people. Spend $3 for a bottle of juice at the supermarket. It'll be half as much money, better quality juice, and you won't feel like someone's just burglarized your apartment. -- LA FITNESS, kick these bums out!
5	This is an amazing juice bar! Great approach! I tried the green phyto smoothie and it was power packed full of everything I needed! Look forward to working my way through the menu! A must try.
