5	Thier tostadas a the bomb. The place is always clean. They are always friendy.
4	Great food for a good price.  Not to be condescending, but initially I thought this place was going to be another fast food Mexican joint (a la Roberto's) and we stopped here only because it was nearby and we didn't want Subway.  We rolled up in here and I opted for the Camarrones al Mojo de Ajo, or the Garlic Shrimp to the non-Spanish speakers out there (sorry if I butchered it) and it was really good surprisingly!  Although it wasn't the best Garlic Shrimp I've EVER had, this one was leaps beyond the Roberto's plate I usually frequent and it definitely worth mentioning.   Furthermore, is there anyone out there besides myself that doesn't like the "red" sauce?  Well try the Santander red sauce and be amazed.  I can safely say that the red sauce here is my favorite in the valley.  I barely even touched my "green" sauce and I love that sauce!  Plus, there is a wagon out front that they cook on nightly and you can even stop by for a quick bite if you're not interested in sitting in and eating. Food is great, price is reasonable, staff is friendly.. give it a try, you might be pleasantly surprised like I was.
4	Really good food , we have 2 Big tacos Alpastor and shrimp they were fresh and good, and  carnitas en chile verde a lot of meat and nopales..we will go back again for sure
3	It's way better than Roberto's taco shop but that doesn't really justify the high price of a california burrito unless it's the size of my forearm (seriously you can get an el grande burrito at cotija's that's bigger than your forearm on bonita in chula vista for the same price).I'd pick this place over Roberto's.
4	We were starving and looking for a good place to eat. my husband suggested Taqueria Santander and like any hungry person...i said why not? we ordered one taco de tripas, one al pastor taco, one torta de Asada and one tostada de Asada...yes, just for the two of us. The food was delicious and so were all of the salsas. We are definitely coming back soon!
