5	This was a Checker and now is Checker-O'Reilly Auto Parts. My battery died like most in the Phoenix heat...husband was at work.....so my neighbor helped out with a jump start, and I drove up with receipt in hand the battery was two years old and was on warranty and was a whopping $1.29 to replace. The gentleman installed it for me in the 103 temperature and never complained. I do know how to replace a battery....... but it was nice to have them install it for me. I would recommend to ANYONE!
5	Great Place !  Rudy was a great help. He looked up the parts and materials I needed.   I was able to purchase all the parts and tools to effect my repair. . I saved time and money. He showed genuine knowledge and concern.
1	Every time I go into this store they can't pull up the parts I need for my 2001 Chevy Silverado. I would understand them not being able to locate the parts for a rare custom build, but a Chevy Silverado???  Please update your computer system.
1	The customer service in this store is terrible. A Manager by the name if Justin was rude and sarcastic and needs a belt to hold his pants up. If Oreily thinks guys like Justin are good managers than corporate has a poor judge of character and customer service.
5	this store is great. its been established in the neighborhood for a long time. i shopped here as a kid when checker owned it and now i am an employee under O'reilly Auto. please stop in and ask for me and i will help you with all your auto needs.
1	risky buying auto parts at these places. waxes, cleaners,etc okay. clutch master cylinder for jeep cost me three hours of my time, tow charge to repair shop to complete, then the shop finding out the part had an internal leak probably from "made in china". cost me 5 times my do it yourself cost to get it fixed by a shop.
2	If you're looking for floor jacks, don't waste your time here. The AC Delco 2T jacks are very poor quality and workmanship and the 2T jack I purchased was damaged. Got my money back OK, but that's it. Customer loyalty/care was very lacking. Auto Zone has a much better, sturdier product with complete weldments, not just a few tack welds like the AC Delco
5	These folks are very helpful and quick!
