4	I really wish they would have had solo diner friendly items on the menu so I wouldn't be forced to eat a whole salad and a whole pizza all by myself.I've taken to wearing maternity shirts when ever I go out to eat now so that I don't get ghastly looks from other customers wondering why I'm eating so much.I ordered the spinach salad with pancetta and goat cheese (see pics)It was alot, why couldn't they have made me a half order?? Although I had  no problem eating it, it was just delicious, I loved the pancetta vinaigrette, it was perfect. It came with a sourdough roll and butter.I would return just to eat this salad.I also ordered the Wild Mushroom and Truffled Arugula Pizza. (see pics)Again alot of food, you won't find slices here or personal size pies.Needless to say I did finish it all. It had a light, thin and crispy crust ,almost cracker like. I thought it was good but really lacking in flavor, I put salt on it...didn't help much...it was just kinda bland, I liked it but I've had Better.Even though you order at the counter, get your drink and seat your self,There is waiter service to come and refill my drink, which was nice because I sat outside and wouldn't have liked to leave my food alone to go inside and refill my glass. My waiter was Awesome and refilled my glass about 4 times......Afterall I was really thirsty from eating that saltine crust.I  moved the stars up to four because the staff was so nice, my glass never emptied, I even got a to go cup full and I was kindly greeted upon arrival and departure.
4	Finally a pizza that competes with my Zpizza's personal concoctions. Stop by this place if you're a wine lover as well. They only have a few selections of wine and beer, but from what I've had they've been pretty tasty. Mozzarella, Fontina cheese, and basil pizza. I can't help not to eat the whole thing when I go there. Hey! They're thin crust, and I'm a man with a huge appetite. I usually get take out, but the next time I go I'm dinning in with company.
4	Great place for lunch but probably would pass on dinner. Had the spinach, goats cheeser and pancetta salad with a tasty light dressing. Also tucked into a cheese and basil pizza which was thin crusted and light - just what I wanted!It's a bit of a hike from Chandler but if you are close check it out.
4	I do enjoy Sauce. The Pizzas are great, not the best around but they are good. This place is a bit pricey for what it is but still worth it. The Panninis are great and always hit the spot. They give you actual glasses  for your soda and have to ask for a to go cup, which is kinda annoying, but thats just a small issue.
4	I've been to Sauce several times and am always satisfied. I absolutely love the mozzarella, tomato and basil chopped salad. It is always so fresh and delicious. Perhaps I am just simple but their cheese pizza with mozzarella, fontina and basil is my favorite. Their crust is super thin and crunchy and the cheese is melty, salty and delicious. This isn't your normal cheese pizza, the slices melt in your mouth. I don't eat meat but my parents love their sausage pizza and the chicken noodle soup.The iced tea is decent and I enjoy that I can get a bottle of Fat Tire. Staff, although high school aged, are accommodating and friendly.
3	The pizza was ok. Not horrible, not great. You order at the counter and seat yourself. They have a nice patio here and the waitstaff is attentive in refilling your drinks. I didn't like the little cup they served my white wine in. I like to hold a wine glass from the stem so I don't warm the wine with my hand. And if you order a red your serving hits just below the rim of the glass so you can't swirl your wine. Weird. There wasn't anything that really stood out from this experience. We probably won't be back.
3	Stopped by Sauce today because I couldn't find "Nando's" (across the street, I found it when i left) , I was really hungry and lazy to drive across Baseline.  So, first timer to Sauce and the Manager/Owner?? asked if we have been before..and since we weren't he went on and on and on about how to get the best deal...sounded like i was buying a car.  I quickly said "great" and forgot everything he told me.  I ordered the Summer Special...Salad, Pizza, and 2 glasses of wine.  Pancetta, Goat Cheese and Spinach salad was good, really light and fresh tasting.  The Sausage and Carmelized onions pizza was good but the Sausage was exactly like Tony's pizza in your grocers freezer section...THE EXACT SAME FLAVOR, SAME LOOK, SAME evertyhing...it took a really good light pizza and made it taste like Tony's frozen pizza.  So, don't order the sausage anything pizza (unless u like little rat droppings on your pizza).  So Sauce was decent, wouldn't make a habit of going but decent
4	The sandwiches and Pizza are great. Pizza is a little on the light side, so if you're watching your waistline it's perfect. Not a ton of cheese, thin crust... you get the idea. They have a great summer special right now that includes wine, salad and Pizza for 2 for about $25... pretty good deal. We've been back here several times and will continue to frequent this place. One of my favorite Fox restaurant concepts.
4	Need a place to go for group dates and want some tasty pizza-style grub, check this place out.I like it for groups because there is no bill splitting happening...it's "pei wei" style ordering where you order/pay then find a seat.  This is good for groups so nobody feels weird about having to pay that 40 cents toward my Mt. Dew when they had water :-).I usually go for the sausage/carmelized pizza.  It's appetizing and filling.  The pizzas come out fast -- don't think you'll be waiting long...they do a good job filling orders quickly (and they are thin crust).If they have the tomato soup, get it.  When I had it it was some of the best tomato soup I've had and had parmesan chease shaving throughout.  YUM.I've had the meatball sandwich last time I went and next time I'm sticking with the pizza.  Salads are always great too.  Wife usually gets a salad and I get the Pizza -- then we try to share.
4	What truly shines at this location is the service! My husband and I dined here on a Saturday night, and the restauant was packed. When we placed our order, we were told that we would most likely have to dine on the patio (on a very cold night) because every table was taken, and that the wait on our food would be a minimum of twenty minutes. We were making our way to the door when the manager flagged us down and cleared a new table for us. Then, when our food came, he again apologized for the extended wait and offered us a dessert on them! We were very pleased with how this dining experience turned out from what could have been an unpleasant experience. And the pizza and mac n' cheese isn't bad, either.
4	This place is the welcome anomaly in the Fox family.  Not nearly as pretentious as its culinary siblings, and a huge step up from its QSR competition.  The chicken pine nut salad accompanied by the sausage caramelized onion pizza is about the best possible dinner one can buy for under $20.  This place is the perfect place for a quick, tasty, and inexpensive meal on an average Wednesday night.
4	This is our favorite family pizza place. Our habit is to get the Caesar salad and Margherita pizza with extra basil. This combo always rocks and goes well family style. We love how laid back this place is.
4	love this place so much.  they have the best mac and cheese.  my husband and son are always wanting sauce when we do take out nights.  there is not much i can eat there being gluten free.  there salads are great.  the staff is super friendly and helpful!
3	We came in late on Friday night, looking for a quick and easy bite to eat that would be a cut above fast food, but not quite as complicated as some other Dana Park restaurant offerings.  The counter-ordering, table-service concept is appealing for those kinds of nights.I'm glad we came late, because I can see that the place has the potential to feel a bit like a cafeteria, with how the line is set up.  However, it was pretty dead at 8:30, and we walked straight to the counter.  We got a little attitude from the snarky creature at the register, but whatever. The girl who ran the food and checked in on us later was unobtrusive and sweet.  No one offered to refill our beverages though... I guess it is self-service at Sauce.Based on other reviews, I tried the tomato soup and a caesar salad, while my dining companion had a panini.  We're pizza'd out at the moment.  My soup was spectacular, and I practically licked the bowl.  The salad was okay... definitely high-quality cheese, but it was just a little lacking in flavor dressing-wise.  My partner ate his whole sandwich, but wasn't raving about it.  We ate on the patio, which was nice considering the time of evening, but since it looks out into a giant lot of cars and onto Baseline, is probably less than attractive at other times of day.I don't know.  I wasn't overwhelmingly impressed, but it wasn't very pricey, and my soup was pretty damn good. For a quick weekend meal at a neighborhood restaurant, it fit the bill. I won't be taking my out of town guests, or anything.
3	The food was great as well as their service. their pizza was delish i want to go back soon! :)
4	Short review on this one as I have been twice now and have had the same thing both times... sausage and caramelized onion pizza with extra caramelized onion. Sooooooo good. I love thin crust pizza and this one is fabulous due in large part to the pizza sauce and the divine toppings. Who doesn't love caramelized onion and sausage??? Have also tried a bite of the mac and cheese which was pretty good as well but the portion size was pretty small. The pizza sizes are great for one person (or two people with small appetites) but the price is a little high. The service wasn't bad from what I remember also and was fairly quick.
5	I really don't know why this place doesn't have a 5-star rating. Every dish is freaking amazing on a consistent basis.
5	We love SAUCE.A gift card brought us in and we have been back since.We have had great service and consistantly good food.Love the heaters on the patio - it was nice to dine out on a chilly night.Our new favorite place!
4	Was here tonight because Sharon H. wanted some pizza and this was a convenient spot to meet up that we both were interested to try. While walking in i realized this wasn't what i had envisioned it was worth a shot. When you walk in you get a feel very similar to say a Pei Wei where it has that borderline fast food feel but with the made to order mix.We ordered a caprese salad and a prosciutto and melon pizza. We also got a drink and selected the passion iced tea which was very good. The salad came first and was very good with nice flavoring and good proportioning of the salad/tomato/crustini/mozzarella was excellent to get a bit of each with every bite. It was however lacking in the basil department as it was barely noticable if at all, if that was there this would have been amazing.As for the pizza it was not what I was expecting at all. It had no sauce (odd for a place called sauce) and the crust was more like a cracker than standard thin crust which is denser and less crisp. This was more along the lines of a crisp tortilla/tostada with cheese. It was topped with prosciutto and melon (honeydew and cantaloupe).  While not what i was expecting that flavor was very good and the ingredients were good. The slicing of the melon made it easy to bite and also prevented it from being overly juicy but without sacrificing taste. The presentation was nice as well with the melon being shaped like a flower over the top of the pizza (see the pic i uploaded).Pizza wasn't what i was crazing as it wasn't a true pizza and probably more of a lunch/appitizer style pizza than dinner but it was good. The salad was the star of the meal. Overall solid meal.
4	I am very picky about salads since most salads I had from restaurants have been very flavorless or the veggies were sub-par.  I went to Sauce today with high expectations...a good salad.  I ordered the Chicken Pinenut Salad which was great.  The workers were courteous, and it did not take too long to get my salad.  On my next trip to Gilbert, AZ I plan to pay them another trip and try one of the pizzas.
4	Good for a pizza fix when you want something better than delivery. Excellent salads and pasta. Fast service, kid friendly, not too expensive. Solid choice for a semi-quick dinner with the family.
4	I can't count how many times I've been to Sauce and I've never ever been disappointed. I really enjoy Sauce for a lot of reasons, but especially because they have more than one vegetarian option. Nearly half of their menu is vegetarian and on the non-vegetarian items, meat can easily be omitted from the dish without changing it too much.EAT. THE. MACARONI. AND. CHEESE. If you eat meat, get it with chicken and broccoli. If you don't eat meat, stick with the broccoli. Holy moly. It is the best macaroni and cheese I've ever tasted. The vegetable and caprese salads are my favorites; they're both really fresh and I love the dressings.Now, I hesitate to call their pizza PIZZA. I'm from Chicago. I know real, good pizza. Sauce isn't classic pizza, and anyone who is heading into there thinking it is WILL be disappointed. Now, if you're looking for a new, fresher spin on a pie, then Sauce is your place.I've eaten every kind of pizza Sauce has to offer (I said I've been there quite a bit!), but my favorites are:Prosciutto and melon (damn my vegetarianism, I can't eat it any more!) - super fresh tasting; great salty/sweet. If you get it to go, ask them to pack the prosciutto and melon separately (as well as separately from the pizza). If not, you'll regret it - the pizza is a soggy mess otherwise.Wild mushroom and truffled arugula - my tried and true favorite. To me, it's the one that tastes most like "classic pizza."When my boyfriend and I went there a few days ago, though, he wanted to try something new; we tried the Rosemary Potato (with spinach, feta, and olive tapenade).  It was delicious. It was pretty greasy in comparison to their other pizzas, but still really tasty! The feta was awesome, as well.
3	The service here continues to get slower and slower. 20 min for a panini, only 3 customers. Seems only to happen when the boss is gone.
4	I've been to Sauce many times.   It's a quick dine-in/take-out sort of place, so don't expect anything too terribly fancy or special.  Sauce's specialty is pizza, which they offer in a wide variety of unique types.  They have the typical, normal pizza varieties and some more unusual ones, like a Caesar salad pizza or a melon pizza which come to mind.  They also serve panini sandwiches, simple pasta dishes, and salads and soup.  For dessert, they have cheesecake and tiramisu.  Finally, they offer a selection of wines and beer.However, the thing that keeps me coming back over and over is the macaroni and cheese!  It's really lovely and somewhat addicting!  Very creamy and rich with flavor.  They also offer a variety with broccoli and chicken, but I prefer mine plain.  So, check that out!  It's worth a try.A couple of things to keep in mind... It's usually very busy at the lunch hour, but it's quieter in the evening.  Prices are moderate.  Not cheap, but not too-too expensive.
3	Came here yesterday for lunch and had the spagetti and meatballs side with a Chicken, spinich, apple, pecan and gorganzola salad. After having Rigatonies spaghetti and meatballs the night before, I was a bit disappointed in Sauce's rendition of this classic dish. The sauce on it tasted canned, almost Chef Boy ar di ish. The meatball was ok but not very flavorfull. I had to add alot of dried pepper, black pepper, and parm to spruce it up a bit. I will say that their sourdough rolls are very good here although I am not sure why they even bother to ask if you would like one. Who the hell is going to turn down a roll with butter?!? They should just automatically give you the dang thing. Haha. As for the salad, I really wasnt impressed with it either. Was kinda dry and bland. The chicken in it was good though. Don't get me wrong, I do like Sauce, however, I will just stick with the pizza's from here on out...
2	Portions are small and over-priced but food was ok and prepared fast. They have an ok selection of wine and a patio area that faces a parking lot.   I ordered their pasta w/ meatballs and my husband ordered an over-priced 1/2 sandwich and small ceasar salad that was pretty good. Over all, the food tasted like Fazoli's.
2	This place is a fast food restaurant.... I just don't understand why their prices don't reflect this. The BF and I went in here last night to get the summer sampler, and we were excited to try this new place for less money. Well what we paid was STILL too much for what we got. We ordered the caprese salad, a pizza with pepperoni and arugula, and two glasses of chardonnay. The caprese salad was not what was expected. Usually it's just basil, tomato, mozz, balsamic, and evoo. This was a salad (like lettuce) with hidden chunks of mozz and tomato in it, as well as some soggy pieces of bread. The mozz was the most flavorless mozz cheese I have had in a long time.... not so good. Otherwise, the salad was a plain old salad, but not what I wanted when I ordered it.... oh well. The pizza came out ridiculously fast. This leads me to believe that they are all sitting back there made and waiting to be shoved in the oven real quick and brought out. Our pizza had some spots that were covered in black burnt crust and some that seemed like they'd barely been in an oven (droopy, chewy, meh tasting). The pizza also lacked a lot of flavor, the sauce was almost non existent in taste, and it could have been a frozen pizza for how it tasted. The wine we got was also not pleasant.... although, chardonnay is not my usual wine, I have had it and this was particularly bad. The people who work there were very friendly, however, so that is a plus. I suppose if you want expensive fast food pizza....come here. For 'italian' style pizza, there are just too many other (good) restaurants in the valley to waste your time here.
5	I really like Sauce, in fact, I've been liking it so much I think I've eaten here 3 times this week...yikes.I don't have too much to say besides that their salads and pizzas have been pretty good. There is also something about their pizza that never makes me feel guilty for eating it. It's probably because it's so thin and appears healthy -- I don't know. You know...mind games....Service has been great for me -- one time I unknowingly came in 10 minutes before the place was closing and they took my order without making me feel like the most hated person ever for coming in while they were trying to close. That is so rare! Right?! Oh and did I comment on their iced tea? What the eff... that stuff is good!
4	Great place for salads (Pine Nut Chicken especially good); good pizza; great Tuscany Tomato soup; there $20 summer special for two including wine is a great buy.     Highly recommend you try Sauce.    I have also eaten at the Sauce in Chandler and it is equally good.      There sandwiches are also very good.    Eat here at least once a week.
5	Such amazing food and service!
4	Went there for lunch today with a girlfriend.  Great menu choices, delish food, speedy service, and clean dining area.  Overall, a great experience.
5	I recommend the Turkey and Feta salad! Also make sure to get The hand stretched pepperoni pizza! Amazing!!
5	You have to get there hand stretched pepperoni pizza. It is better than pizza Bianco
2	The Good: Service, Its Clean, Iced TeaThe So-So: Alfredo cheese pasta sauceThe Bad: All the rest of the food.I really don't get the good reviews here.  $2 frozen pizza from the supermarket will blow this pizza away.  Dry (read almost no sauce) maybe 6 real thin pepperonis and cardboard crust, make grade school pizza look good.Chicken has no flavor and was chewy and pasta dish was served only mildly warm.Total waste of money.  How this 'chain' stays in business is beyond me.
3	This is a fairly competent restaurant that tries to be more than it is... With the PeiWei style cafeteria ordering process, it is difficult to pull off the trendy-chic branding they are reaching for with the low rent seating, ordering and service model. However, with all that said, the food is tasty and well prepared!
4	I've been here multiple times and taken someone new each time. The only thing I've had is the Chicken Caesar Salad (why I only gave it 4 stars) but it's the best damned Caesar Salad I've ever had. I crave it. I ha d a CCS at a different place last night and it was... unsatisfying. Sauce had ruined CCS for me anywhere else.Service? Smiling. Every time someone (manager?) has come around to our table to make sure we're happy. The place is clean and bright, and there's nice patio seating. Someday I might try something else on the menu, but not anytime soon.
4	Chopped salads are YUMMY.and bruschetta!??  soooooo goodi usually get a vegetable chopped salad and add chicken (omg, the avocado makes this thing), and a bowl of the tuscan tomato soup.Great lunch, although I think the soup is a little too creamy for me, even though it tastes DEELICIOUS.I haven't tried the pizzas, but they're on my list!
3	Yesterday was my first time to Sauce! My hubby and I have been wanting to try it for awhile so we decided to go for lunch. We started with the bruschetta which was amazing! Then we each got a small side salad, the caesar and the chicken, apple, and spinach. Both were great! Then we got a thin crust pepperoni pizza which was average. The pizza was so thin, the only thing I could compare it to would be a crispy/burned tortilla with pizza toppings. It would literally crumble when you picked it up! You could tell that the pizza had flavor but the fact that it crumbled into crispy thin pieces didnt so it any justice! Also, all of the food came out at the same time! Literally the entire meal. So we felt like we had to rush through it all to get to the pizza so it was still hot. We will try this place again and order the other type of pizza and hope the food comes out in order.
5	Oh my god! I have never had a better bruschetta in my LIFE! That is saying a lot since I am a carb monster and absolutely adore bruschetta! It is on a pillowy french bread slathered with homemade pesto, cubes of the freshest mozzerella I have ever had and topped with an aged (or it could be reduced) balsamic that has my mouth watering when I am parking my car! I can't say enough about this but make sure you try it and try the original only (the other one is not so good). This place could literrally only sell bruschetta and it would still get 5 stars from me. The service is fantastic and the wine/beer selection is good. I am not really a fan of their pizza or salads - the pizza is on a really thin crust and is just not spectacular and the salad tends to be drenched in dressing (which means if you skip it altogether you are probably saving enough calories to splurge on a bruschetta). Trust me when I say - get your own bruschetta - one bite in and you will regret the decision to share! At only $5 a pop you can afford it - and if you can't then skip the beer because its that worth it!The parking is ample as this location of Sauce is located in a shopping strip mall. If you are reading this as you are leaving the state of Arizona, don't be depressed - there is a Sauce location at Phoenix airport so you can get your kicks in before departing the Valley of the Sun!
1	Worst experience ever. Staff wasn't helpful. Bathroom was disgusting. Food was unsatisfying and there was absolutely nothing special about it. And the food poisoning later that evening was not enjoyable either. Especially being pregnant. Definitely will never, ever go back!
4	Excellent lunch place!! Great salads, pizzas,pasta, appetizers. Bruchetta is hard to beat on the most deliecious bread. Thin crust pizzas are great, with some really unique toppings. Have always had great service and the manager is excellent!!!
5	Great Pizza!!! They were busy and patient not much else service wise as we had to get our own drinks but the staff was busy cleaning and making sure theu kept busy.
2	I ate at the Sauce in the PHX airport and really liked it so I thought I'd take my 10 YO son to this location for lunch one day.  Well, what a disappointment this place was.  The service was slow and the staff were all goofing around and not taking care of the customers.  When our pizzars arrived I was shocked that they weren't nearly as good as the airport location.  There was virtually no cheese on the pizza and they were a little cold when they got there.  To aggravate me even more, I ordered a mushroom and peperoni pizza and it had exactly half the amount of peperoni as my sons peperoni only pizza.  What the heck - you order 2 toppings and you get half as many toppings of each item but still get to pay extra.  Argh!!!!  Not going back - ever.
4	I've always liked this place. And I have a feeling I yet to take advantage of the full menu.  I typically order the caramelized onion & sausage.  Yum!  And when I'm in the mood for salads, it was the Caprese salad.  Nowadays, when I'm craving bread, I order the caprese bread with pesto sauce, mozzarella cheese, and vine tomatoes.  Mm. Mm. Good!I don't dine in often. When I have, the atmosphere was cool but can get  loud when crowded.  I like how the servers come to my table to see if we need a to go box or refill.  When they are busy, the won't be doing that.I've had my eye on trying their wines but hadn't done it yet.  I don't drink that often anyway so I rarely think about.  I do think it's cool that they offer this though.I think if this place as "new style" pizza.  Maybe it's not new, but it's new to me.  When I want pizza but need a break from the Pizza Huts, Domino's, and Little Caesars, I go to Sauce.  And I am satisfied.
4	We went to Sauce a couple of weeks ago before a visit to the dentist. We were looking for a place where we could get a quick and tasty lunch in the area and didn't want to pay for over priced sandwiches at AJ's. As we were driving around the Dana Park shopping center, we passed by Sauce and decided to check it out. Ordering is easy at a cashier and the selections include gourmet pizzas, salads, sandwiches, bruschetta and freshly made soups. Service was friendly and our order of a veggie pizza and salad came to less than $20. We were checking out the decor and less than 10 minutes after we had ordered, our food was delivered to our table with a smile. The salad was great; lightly dressed and a good sized portion. The pizza was better than I expected. Super thin, wafer like crust and just enough toppings to not miss anything but not so much that you are full after one or two slices. The sauce was fresh and both the pizza and salad were more than enough to serve two for lunch. As we were finishing up, my boyfriend noticed that this was a Fox Restaurant Concepts restaurant. If you've been to a FRC place before, it makes sense. Well done, Sauce. We'll be back!
5	The establishment is clean and trendy with a nice atmosphere.  The food is also very good; I have tried their pizza, pasta, and salad.  A little pricey for pizza, but it is gourmet and definitely worth it.
5	This place is delicious!  My wife first took me here a while ago and I wasn't so sure, but she kept wanting to go, and I expanded my selections.I've had a large number of their items.  Right now, my favorite is their baked beef lasagna.  I can't seem to get enough of it.Their pizzas are really good.  The cheese pizza and the chicken w/ white sauce one (can't remember the actual names) are my two favorites.As for sandwiches, I'm a big fan of the meatball, but I ask for it on the old style bread, just a regular bread that is used for panini instead of the more wrap like bread (I don't really know why they switched.)The Caesar salad is good and the meat salad that isn't on the menu is excellent.One mention, I don't know why, but I find the tea they make here is the best of any restaurant that I've gone to.My wife always gets the Pasta, Chicken and Broccoli, without the broccoli.  It's alright, but I want something more exciting.The staff is usually friendly, and certain members recognize us and talk about how big my son is getting.  It's really nice to be greeted like that.
5	Ate here for the first time tonight and it was super yummy!! You can get half a salad if you'd like, which I did, and had the spinach, apple, and walnut salad, we ordered a side of mac and cheese for our son, and we had a mozzarella and basil pizza. Everything tasted fresh and homemade. The cheese on the mac and cheese was creamy, rich, and amazing. The service was great, food came out very quick, and the place was clean. We enjoyed sitting outside. We will be back again for sure. I really want to try the lasagna now!
3	As always it depends on what you're looking for in a pizza and individual opinion.  I am all for gourmet anything, and I love pizza, so I will leave it at that.  If I was basing a review on appearance only than I would give it four stars because its clean and inviting.  The pizza's are on the smaller side and the crust is cracker like in texture and appearance which means the pizza cools off quickly, so if you're doing take out you may be eating cold pizza or reheating it at home.  I wouldn't personally call Sauce gourmet as much as trendy.  The pizza is alright but pricey for the portion you get.  Overall the place is clean and decent quality.
5	Sauce is a great restaurant.  I grew up in Arizona but moved to California a few years ago and unfortunately Sauce doesn't have any locations in California. So every time I'm back in town I try and make a visit to Sauce they have great pizza and salads. They're similar to California Pizza Kitchen but I definitely think they're superior quality. My two favorite items on their menu is the chicken Caesar Pizza and the sausage and caramelized onions pizza. I only wish they'd build a location in California!
5	Mmm...Chicken and Pine Nut salad and a glass of wine. Heaven.Sauce is such a cool hangout. They offer the best pizzas and pasta (and salad!) that you will ever have in your life! This location in Dana Park is fantastic, but it is super busy (a testament to the great food, mind you).If you haven't been here, you need to get here.
3	This place is good (remember, 3 stars is good), but I can't compare it to some of the upper echelon pizza places I have visited (see my great pizzas list).  The crust is a nice cracker crispy crust tastes even healthy with a light amount of cheese and nice tangy red sauce (on the red pizzas).  We tried two different Zas (one red with sausage and peppers which I really liked, and one white Mushroom and Arugula which my friendsthe mushroom lovers enjoyed).  We really enjoyed the Turkey and Feta salad. NOTE:  They have a a great summer $20 deal for 1 pizza 1 salad and 2 wines. This alone is worth the trip.  It would be nice if they had a better craft beer selection including drafts.
5	Clean, classic Italian decor, great service, delicious food, and fresh flowers! They had me at flowers, and beautiful Tuscan colors. Even the bathrooms are super nice!
2	It is a bit shocking to me that people like this place so much.  Have they just not had a really good pizza before?  I really don't get it.The first time I tried Sauce, I went with the hand-stretched chicken pesto pizza.  It was OK - good crust, but a little too sparse on the toppings.  I really wish when they made these pesto pizzas that they'd try to make the pesto stand out a little more.  They always try to go light on the pesto because people in Arizona hate things that taste good, and pure, unadultered pesto tastes good.My recent visit, I went to the Dana Park location, and I made a huge mistake - I accidentally ordered the thin crust.  I blame the person behind the register for not reminding me that they have two crusts (good, and pure sh*t), and of course, by default, they give you that horrible cracker crust.So my meal was effectively ruined, even though I felt I made a solid choice with the portobello and artichoke.People might tell you Sauce is good, and they might have even been eating their awful cracker crust pizza - but make no mistake, that crust is the worst.  If you get the flatbread pizza, you will be getting a much more average pie, and it may even be a reasonable choice for the Mesa/Gilbert area.  But I give them two stars just for offering that abortion of a crust as the standard option.
5	great summer deal!plus the mac & chez rocks!
4	This is one of my fave Italian places in the area.  It's one of the Fox concept restaurants--which all seem to be pretty good from my experience.Cute inside - brick walls, kinda dark, you order at the register and they bring the food to your table.  I really love their salads and pizzas.  My fave salad is the Vegetable Salad, which is basically a bunch of chopped fresh veggies (corn, cucumbers, carrots, avocado, etc.) served over a bed of mixed greens with tangy dressing and a roll on the side.  Even my friend who "hates vegetables" loves this salad!Pizza-wise, they all come on a thin, crispy crust which is nice because you don't feel like you need to be rolled out the door after you eat.  I really like the Portobello & Artichoke and the Mozzarella, Fontina, & Basil pizzas but have heard from my carnivorous friends that the ones with meat are also pretty good.  I'm always too full for dessert but I'd imagine they're tasty, as everything I've ordered in the past has been good here.Definitely recommend!
2	I want to give this place 4 stars based solely on food.....BUT....the manager is extremely annoying. I get it Fox restaurants tend to train their staff to be friendly and they definitely have a script they are required to follow, but my last visit here with my son left a bitter taste in my mouth. The manager was standing at the head of the line talking to customers and directing them as to which side to go to....order in or take out. It was really busy (not a big deal to me btw because I love the food and it's worth it). What irked me was that he was telling the customers in front of me how someone complained about him (can't recall if it was on yelp or through the website?) and kept going ON and ON about it complaining that it had happened! To be honest I understood why. I've been here several times and felt he was annoying (sitting down with diners, talking and lingering too long, etc.) I'll still go to this sauce it's very convenient location wise for me, but they could use a revamp in management. Way too shmarmy for me and seems pretty arrogant.
4	The roasted winter vegetable salad was amazingly delicious. Sooo much yum. We also got the rosemary potatoes pizza which was also good.
4	Solid pizza joynt, serving up lavosh style thin crust, in almost true Italian single serving fashion.Nice touch with the casually sophisticated menu, offering up wild mushroom with arugula, parmesan (domestic?) and truffle oil pizzza.  Now that's not something I would expect to find in Mesa, AZ.Wash it down with a few beer/wine selections and you're almost good to go.  All they're really missing is a few premium beer selections on tap, to round it all out nicely.Service was friendly, with plenty of employees walking about ensuring a good experience for all patrons and making sure the place was clean.  Nice touch.Outdoor seating was perfection, on this gorgeous Arizona evening, in a setting that I didn't even knew existed in Mesa.  It almost felt like being in Chandler, or Snottsdale, without the pretense.Good times in the Sonoran desert!!!
4	I am not a salad eater but the chicken pine nut salad is out of this world! Pizza is tasty as well. Seemed a bit over priced but still a great place to eat. I've been here 6 or so times and will still continue to eat here.
5	Yes.  I love this joint. Incredible pizza and my personal favorite quinoa salad with white beets (thought I hated beets until I tried this version),goat cheese and pistachios. De-licious!Hubby gets to eat the various pies and sandwiches and I get my favorite salad with a nice glass of merlot for only $5. Nice ambiance and great service. Another one if my Fox favorites.
5	Good food. Good music. Good atmosphere. Good vibes. One of my favorite places to eat in the Mesa/Gilbert area.
5	love the chicken broccoli pasta!!! staff is quick and friendly. price is good.
5	I ordered the pine nut salad, tomato soup and also have had the mac and cheese (kids size).  Everything was delicious! The location is in the middle of a strip mall (next to orange theory) which I think is a little crowded, however the ambiance inside is great!  They have eating outside as well if you would like.
2	Service was good. pizza toppings and sauce was good. but the crust, well it tasted like a piece of charcoal. Manager even offered to refund the pizza money when he saw how much "burnt flour" was on the bottom of all 3 of our pizzas. When theres enough to bleed black on your plate its to much. Next time i'll ask them to sweep the brick oven first. Charcoal does not taste good.
4	My first visit was pleasant. The pizza was delicious and a wonderful thin crust with a fired oven. The Mac and cheese was nothing to write home about though. I like that they also have Sobe Lean as a drink choice. The staff was friendly and it was nice to be called sir.
3	I've been here several times because it used to be a convenient place for my friends and me to come to for lunch, but over time we all just stopped coming.  The food here is not anything special.  Their pasta is overpriced and is just cheese and pasta. It tastes good, but it's not anything that is difficult to cook.  The pizzas are ok, but sound better on the menu than they actually are.  There are only a couple that I would actually ever order again, because all of the ones I have tried I did not like.  The salads are the worst of everything on the menu, in my opinion. They try to be healthy and creative with the ingredients, and there's nothing wrong with that, but they are bland and tasteless.  Also, my friend has gotten food poisoning from one of the salads, and it was probably just an accident, but it has left a bad memory of this place for me.  I know this review sounds like a 2-star review, and the only reason I'm giving this place 3 stars is because the food is not disgusting, it is just not great and not worth the price.  The service is good, they bring your food to your table and are great about getting you anything you want, but the food quality is just not there.
4	First off, let me tell you that I'm not a big fan of Italian food, but this place is pretty good. Not just good food but one of the few chains that offer healthier choices. I know, pizza and pasta are not exactly healthy meals to start with. However, Sauce offers a number of nice salads and a drink bar with some low-calorie choices. Portions can also be a little small but that depends on how much you like to eat, I guess.  I'm happy to give this place four stars although since I don't eat Italian food that much, this would not be a first choice for me personally. If you do you like Italian food, it's a great choice.
5	This is my first time here and I loved it! The thin crust pizzas are the best!!! Tried the Chicken Pesto pizza and helped my friend finish her chicken broccoli and cheese pasta! My hubby had the Works Pizza! I love the ambiance... very casual and cozy!! Customer service is great!
5	The bruschetta is amazing. Get the portobello and artichoke! The caprese salad and the pesto chicken pizza were so authentic! It was like I was back in Europe!
5	GREAT place! There, plain and simple...GREAT food! Great everything! We love it here. Never too crowded, very relaxing and , oh ya...GREAT food. I LOVE the Tomato soup, the best I have ever had. Mac and Cheese, also the best I have ever had. Pizza is great, and Meatball panini is wonderful! You want a great chocolate chip cookie???? Then here is where you will find it! mmmmmmmmm......cookie...aaaahhhhhhh!!! The people are so nice here and helpful! We have been here too many times to count! You will not be disappointed. Fair prices, and that always makes me say "Woo Hoo"!
5	This is my favorite place for a quick meal. Very casual and quick. Everything we have gotten has been perfect. They have the best salads I have ever eaten. The bruschettas are fabulous. The meatball panini is really good, and the pizza is good too. The staff is very friendly and helpful. I am always satisfied here and it is one of my go to spots.
5	Love Sauce. Pizzas are always good, but my favorite thing to order is the Chicken, Spinach, Apple salad! Always very clean and  the staff is super friendly. They like to ensure that everything comes out ok, and are always offering to do whatever they can to make the experience more enjoyable! Definitely a great location, and the patio seating is great when the weather is nice :)
5	I crave their caprese bruschetta night and day! Literally the best thing I have ever eaten!
5	I love this place. My wife introduced me to Sauce a couple of months ago and we go to lunch together here every now and then. I tupically order the chicken, broccoli pasta with cheese sauce and an artichoke and mushroom bruchetta. I love the food and the atmosphere is calm and relaxing as well. The staff os super friendly and the guy who usually takes our order at the front is awesome. Today, he brougjt our plates out and evem though it's self-serve, he asked if he could refill my glass of iced tea. I still don't know what's better, the food or the customer service. No matter... I highly recommend Sauce for inexpensive, delicious Italian eats and fast, courteous and friendly service.
4	Solid 4 stars. Service=5. The gal taking our order was friendly and helpful; ditto for everyone else who served us. Appetizer=5. Roasted portobello and artichoke bruschetta was great!Vegetable salad=4. The contents were good but I felt it needed something to make it pop. Red sauce and mozzarella pasta=4. The pasta shells were on point. The sauce though tasted similar to the marinara sauce at Costco. Molly's Caramelized Creation pizza= 5. We substituted the bacon for mushrooms but it was delicious. I imagine it would have been even more so with the bacon.The rolls= 3. Taste of bread was good but it was very hard. Maybe if they warmed it a bit prior to serving...Overall great experience!
5	I have been to sauce many times and have rated it around 4.5. After not going many times, todays experience was quite different. My friend and I split the chicken Caesar salad pizza and the chicken broccoli pasta (2 of my favorites that i recommended because she had never been to sauce before). The total was around $20, $26 with taxes and drinks. We got our own drinks and found a seat. They have both indoor and outdoor seating. It wasn't difficult to find a seat but it was also a Monday afternoon so I imagine the place fills up quickly other times. The ambience is great. It's very warm (not sure if that's the right word) ie the pizza oven, brick wall, and italian prints but also had a very modern vibe with it's chalkboard wall, clean finish, and high ceiling. Altogether the ambience ties together nicely and adds to a great dining experience. After getting our drinks an sitting down, the food came out in under a minute!!! It was faster than fast food! The food itself was five stars. The crust was thin, chewy, and supple which explains how they make it so fast. They changed how they make their Caesar salad pizzas and added a lot more asiago to their crust which really balances the flavors of the pizza. The salad on top was amazingly fresh, the dressing was homemade and robust, and the chicken too, was moist and flavorful. I personally think that the crust and salad must be eaten together which is a unique experience The pasta was also delicious. The chicken and broccoli were cooked to perfection, the pasta was al dente, and the sauce was unlike any regular cheese sauce. Even the role that came with it was warm, chewy and homemade. The service was 5 stars. We were constantly being checked on and although it was busy there were plenty of waiters and waitresses. Eating here today was amazing and pretty much everything I've ever had here has been really delicious. Sauce puts a lot of thought in every single ingredient, and constantly works harder to create a better dining experience. And for around $10-$15 a person, you simply cannot beat it!The only cons were:-Very loud (but that's what outdoor seating is for, right?)- there were no napkins (I had to ask the waiter to bring us some)
4	You've got to get the caprese bruschetta when eating here.  Service is great. Food arrive quickly and hot. Prices are decent for the quality of service and food.  Nice menu options as well.
