5	This place is great.  the people here are very friendly, and the new location is roomy, well lit and clean.  The simple fact that it is packed every day is a testament to the quality.  There is always an excellent buffet for lunch with a wide array of both vegetarian and non-veg entrees (typically chicken for the non-veg).  Also their condiment area featuring a number of chutneys, relishes and sauces is extensive.  They typically feature two desserts in the buffet as well.  They will also provide the means, e.g., raw green super hot chili's, to spice up your meal on request.  This is my preferred Indian downtown without question.
4	Stopped in right after they opened.  Some of the booths are oddly *tiny*.  Find another one if it doesn't work out, don't sit where you're uncomfortable.  They might have fixed this, dunno.I feel bad that they moved next door to another indian place... because India Palace is the better of the two for lunch.  The buffet is still about $10, but the buffet here seems to have about twice the variety, and it's all pretty good.  For Indian for lunch Downtown, I'm still a fan of Sree's, but for all-you-can-eat, this is the place.
4	Stopped by for a quick bite at lunchtime. The buffet has a variety of delicious food. My favorites were the aloo gobi and the samosas. The staff are friendly and the restaurant is clean. A very enjoyable experience.BTW, by noon this place was filled to capacity! And on the way out of the restaurant, there was a guy from the restaurant playing on a drum to "drum-up" business!
4	I was in Pittsburgh in June for Anthrocon. This restaurant is six blocks from the hotel but our dinner group decided to do the walk one night just to have something different one night. The restaurant wasn't very busy that night and they have plenty of seating in the dining area. Service was good and the server took the time to explain some of the menu items. I ordered some vegetable pakoras and the lamb curry. For the lamb curry, she asked me to specify a degree of spiciness from 1 to 10. I chose 9 but when I tasted the curry, it wasn't that hot. I'd have rated it a 5 or 6 at most. However, I have eaten a lot of spicy food, so I may be biased here.Anyway, it was overall a pleasant experience. I'd definitely revisit again and next time, I'll ask for a 10.
1	Indian flavored Sugar and Fast and Loose with the Credit Card. I went last year, so its been awhile so maybe they decided to use traditional recipes and not pad your credit card charge. I went for their lunch buffet. Every dish, except one or two, was sickenly sweet. It was like no other Indian restuarant I've ever been to. It was as if they had heard that Americans like sweet food, so they piled in the sugar. The daughter of the owner waited on me and she was very sweet (you could tell that it was a family owned business). I left her a $3.00 cash tip for my $7.99 lunch which I charged on my credit card. However when I got home and checked my credit account they had assessed an additional 15% on my card without telling me. I haven't been back, obviously, and I don't intend on returning anytime soon. Watch your wallet if you go. Their love of money goes way past their love of making good, traditional food.
2	Had lunch yesterday. Bland and lukewarm. Watery rice. If you want plain vanilla Indian food, this is it.
3	Probably the best last decision I made for 2012. It is very close to the Renaissance Hotel where I stayed. The buffet is about $12.00 for dinner and is excellent. It met all my expectations for buffet Indian food. It had all the 'staples' for the buffet; chicken tikka masala, palak paneer, rice, chicken tikka, naan, chick peas, and rice pudding that was rather watery. The food wasn't very spicy but more on the mild side. The interior is what hurt this place, its rather bland and the furniture isn't very comfortable. The tables are small and the seats are smaller. The decorations are mixed up and there appears to be no theme other than 'lets put some Indian relics and a flag up'. The service is quick and the staff is rather aloof. Given the right circumstances and a matter of convenience I will stop here again.
3	Decent, cheap Indian buffet downtown.The food is pretty good. Nothing special, about what you'd expect from an Indian buffet. Naan, tandoori chicken, pallak paneer, chicken tikka masala, rice pudding, etc.Friendly staff, clean establishment and the standard ambiance you'd expect from an Indian restaurant downtown. Overall a solid lunch choice.
3	If you are looking for a reasonably priced lunch buffet in downtown Pittsburgh - this fits the bill.  $8.95 per person.  Food was decent and not too spicy.  Not as many choices as other buffets but enough to eat for lunch.
4	Well, it was a surprise!  Some reviews said that the food quality was very poor and such, quite a contrast actually.  The food was good (chicken tikka, chicken curry, aloo tikki, aloo gobhi, chhole, dal makhani).  The dessert section had kheer (rice pudding) and gulab jamun.  The chicken curry was good and the naan was soft.  The aloo tikki was nothing special and I did not try the vegetarian items as I was full.  For $9.62 including tax this was a good place.  They even had lassis and fountain drinks but I didn't try it.  They do take credit cards too so that helps travelers like me.  I'd have given it a 3.5 stars rather than a 4 but 4 it is!
3	This place has lot of selections but food is too far from our seating
4	Very good! You can tell that the dishes have been toned down for the American palette. I chose the buffet, which was excellent. The chicken makhani was watered down... But it was OK. The rest of the foods were fresh and were re-stocked often. The place gets packed around 12pm, so get there before or after the lunch hour.
4	The buffet had a variety of food from rice to naan, chicken tikka. The tandoori chicken was my favorite! The food was very fresh and was restocked often so you would never have to wait for your favorite things.The rice ball dessert was okay - I have had better. I did not try their salad bar.The service was good - and the staff there was very friendly. I would definitely go again.
