5	five words to describe this place: These people know their shit.For all you serious gun owners, please continue reading.  Make sure you do not have any children sitting on your lap or a dog, they will get poked.Common complaints about gun shops.  You have them and I have them, lets run down the list, shall we?  The sales people are assholes and always try to talk down to you, there is NO AMMO, the ammo that they have is extremely overpriced, the guns are nothing but beat to shit AK-47's and Daddy's old shotgun, and there is no selection.  Let's have a look at the Pistol Parlour and see how a gun shop SHOULD be run.Sales staff.  Wow, that is all I can say.  Very patient understanding staff that is happy to answer any questions you have or show you anything they have.  Even if you tell them you aren't going to buy it but just want to look at it.  No problem and they will tell you anything you want to know.  Even with optics, flip-up sights, etc.  Plus they are more than happy to share their knowledge about what they know (and with these people, it is not just a hobby)  I thought I knew everything about AR's.  How wrong I was.  I felt like a kid trying to use my dick for the first time after they gave me their knowledge of AR's.  Even the brand new Ruger SR-5.56 rifle.  Ruger doesn't know as much about that rifle as they do.Now, this store is small, but I'm sure who ever owns this read several articles in good housekeeping on how to maximize space because for the inventory they have, it all fits and you don't have someone standing on your dick to move around.  Everything you need is in this place, and surprisingly they don't have a lot of junk.  Good quality products and it is organized so you can find what you need pretty quick.  If you can't, someone that works there will show you where it is at.The selection.  Take the guns you would find at Big 5.  Got that picture in your head?  Still got it?  O.K., reverse that.  That is the selection you have at the Pistol Parlour.  Again, want to look at something?  No problem, just ask them, they will show it to you.  You know when you have that gun store employee that says something like "Buy a Glock, everything else is shit."  This doesn't happen here.  They will give you the info on everything they sell and let you make the decision based upon what works about you.I know what you are thinking.  What is the catch?  The prices are terrible right, they are a Mom and Pop shop.  It amazes the hell out of me, the prices are very competitive.  Their ammo is at most 1-2 dollars per box more than the huge stores, BUT (here is the huge but) they always have ammo.  Need pistol ammo, it is there.  Need rifle ammo?  Hey, that is there too.  Shit!  I just forgot, I need a magazine that isn't a promag.  HOLY SHIT!  They have it!!!I'm all up for supporting the independent businesses that keep the American spirit alive provided I get what I pay for and care about their customers.  Ding! Ding! Ding!  Call the pit boss, we have a winner.I've referred several of my friends to this place.  I always get the same reaction.  Why didn't you tell me about this place earlier?Normally, I like to make my reviews as entertaining and as sarcastic as possible.  I have nothing. Have been here probably 12-15 times and the place gets better and better.
5	Pistol Parlour is a great place to shop. Not only is the staff very helpful and friendly (which can be rare in the firearms industry), but they have a huge selection. They know their stuff. I told them that I didn't want to spend $500 on EOTech optics they made some great recommendations on some less expensive options. I normally get the "EOTech is amazing, every else is crap" speach from gun stores. I often go in to just look around and see what's new. They are always friendly. Keep up the good work.
1	Money in pocket to spend. Not even a hello in an uncrowded but nice looking store with what looked like a good inventory. Looks like I'm going to Bass
5	I have bought a number of Firearms here. Great Service and Price's.
4	No complaints here. The selection they had was pretty amazing for such a small shop. The prices appeared to be reasonable for handguns and magazines. Only complaint was that they did have a few knifes but they were ridiculously priced. Rule of thumb would be to only buy knives online.
4	Had to give 4 stars cause they were a little more expensive with some of the handguns than some other shops. Not saying all their handguns are more expensive, they do have really good prices on average. The thing that got me to buy from here verses some other places is their customer service. They were friendly and pleasant. Even with several customers in the store they had no problem answering my series of questions.
1	So I have been in the market for a small pocket hand gun and a tactical shot gun, I have been researching on line and pricing. But I wanted to check the firearms out in person and get a feel for them and buy locally if possible. A friend of mine recommended Pistol Parlor in Mesa. 1st off its off the beaten path which I don't mind, I understand business to keep prices down sometimes you have store fronts in less desirable locations to help deliver savings to the customers. The shop is off southern and country club in a strip mall with many empty store fronts, it's a little hard to see from street. Once inside the store it is well stocked but very small and narrow. However they probably have what you're looking for from firearms to ammo and accessories. The layout is pretty standard all firearms behind the counter and 3 employees behind the counter. No one greats you or asks if they can help you find something. I located the Ruger LCP 380 in the glass case myself, asked the employee if I may check it out, he pulls it out of the case and just hands it to me. Correct me if I'm wrong don't you always clear a firearm insuring there's no round in chamber, ok whatever maybe it's just me being a former Marine. I inspect weapon and price tag. Its $50 more than the average price I've seen online and other shops, hmmmm.... So much for less desirable location meaning cost savings for me. I then ask to see the Mossberg 500 12 gauge tactical shot gun, immediately I get sticker shock they're priced $100 more than average price  I've seen. Ok so they're very impressed with their guns and I'm not. So I decided I will not be buying my firearms from them. So not to make my trip completely worthless I grab a box of 40 S & W ammo its priced a couple bucks higher than average but whatever I'm here so I'm going to buy. Mean while I'm browsing there's another customer a female there inquiring on hand guns on what they would recommend for her. The employees behind the counter answer her questions but she decides she needs to do more research and test some firearms out on the range, seems logical. Well as soon as she left the store employees start talking smack in front of the remaining customers, SERIOUSLY!? I think this is the main deciding factor if I will return and the answer is NO. I don't mind paying higher prices or supporting local business off the beaten path. But customer service goes a long way with me. I'm tired of gun shop employees thinking there better and smarter than everyone. Well I have a college degree and consider myself somewhat intelligent and know a thing or 2 about customer service. Pistol Parlor falls short on service and value. Not really sure why anyone would shop there.
4	We bought my boyfriend's XDm 9mm here last December as a Christmas Present. We actually were going to purchase it from Sportman's Warehouse , but they didn't have one with the Stainless Steel slide in stock at the time. I purchased my Kahr CW9 from Sportman's and then we drove to Pistol Parlour in hopes that they would have the Springfield XDm in stock at a close price to what we found at Sportsmans. We were in luck! They had just got some in (the guy next to us was actually picking his up which he had on order) and the price was lower! They were pretty helpful, but I do have to admit not as helpful as the guys at Sportsmans Warehouse. I've been to this store multiple times and I will admit that there have been times where I have walked in there and the vibe was just weird and I didn't feel like I wanted to stay long. I don't know if it is because it was in the middle of the day and the store is so small or what. Overall, they are a good store. I did buy some PMC Bronze while I was there even though it was over-priced slightly. They are a small shop though so that it expected when it comes to Ammo.
5	I'm surprised by the reviews I see here mentioning terrible service. The service there is the exact reason I deal with Pistol Parlor so frequently. I even went in there once and made it super clear I was just looking and wasn't going to buy an AR that day (didn't wanna waste anyone's time) but the salesperson took the time to show me all the different ones and explain the variances to me like the gas systems and such. Yes, there are slightly cheaper prices to be found online or other shops, but I would rather support a shop that treats me great.
3	Bought my S&W 686 here for a decent price. Small shop with an A-OK selection. Customer service is not stellar. Location is convenient. Overall pretty good.
1	Terrible service. Walked in  to buy a 1911 and there  was only one other customer with two employees. One guy was helping the customer while the other guy was just standing around. Sat there for about 10 minutes waiting for someone to help me and no employee said a word, finally I walked out and dropped $1k somewhere else. I guess I didn't look "gun nut" enough for them. Will never go back.
5	Buying my first defense handgun, I was suprised at thier selection given the current rush on guns and ammo.  The sales staff took the time to explain model differences, and were very friendly to talk to.  The process of completing the background check was quick and easy.  And, they had ammo.   Overall a great experience - I will be going back for repeat business and referring others.  I've been there on Saturdays, it gets a little crazy.. but still, even then its a good place to visit.
1	I like to go into gun shops and look around.  Since everyone started to convince themselves the "gubmint" was coming to get their guns it has been an even more interesting experience (I own plenty of guns...but there are some people who have no business having one and a trip to your local gun store will give you exposure to plenty of them).  So over the years I think probably purchased 2 or 3 guns from this store (in whatever stage of ownership it may have been in), but yesterday's trip was one for the record books.So the store was relatively empty (about 4 customers or so) and about two guys behind the counter.  One of the guys behind the counter was running his mouth pretty heavily and quite frankly set the world land speed record for racist comments.  Now I'm no shrinking flower here but to hear someone pop off so many comments in such a short period (may 2 minutes tops) was nothing short of racist artistry.  In short his topics were...- Brown people (he never got to a point on this one, but last I checked about 35% of AZ is populated by "brown people."  I guess he has a problem with them)- Blacks all have free cell phones (where do these morons get this one?  The program  for phone service for the "poor" (wide definition here and includes Medicare recipients...and the list goes on) was started under Reagan, expanded under Clinton and cell phone inclusion was under Bush II)- Sand people (this one had something to do with the Boston bombing.  On the other hand, who knows...we live in the desert so maybe he was pissed at AZ "sand people")- Welfare has increased by 70% for some of the aforementioned groups under Obama (this one is just too stupid to comment on)There were a few others thrown in, but by this point in his observations on life I was just amazed that he wasn't dressed in a hood and sheet and kind of quit listening.All in all an interesting trip, but I'm pretty sure it will be my last.
3	I was glad I found this place because it is the only gun shop with any inventory right now. They were the only store in the valley to have what I was looking for. The prices are great, while every other shop has increased their prices dramatically with the decreased availability. The employee I spoke to was a bit gruff but he knew what he was talking about. He did spout off a lot of hatred about the American public for some reason so I kind of just awkwardly laughed along with his comments. If the phone is busy, they are really busy inside and left the phone off the hook intentionally; I've seen another place do this which sucked since I had tried calling all day to figure out their hours.The shop is located in a crappy strip mall where there is almost nothing else in business so it's easy to miss, but for the selection and prices I'd recommend it.
5	I went to do some browsing and found exactly what I had been looking for. They had a good selection, helpful and friendly staff, and actually had ammunition. In the end, I bought a new Glock 21SF. I was very pleased and would certainly buy from them again.
5	I wanted to purchase my first hand and was referred to Pistol Parlour by a friend who collects guns. I had no clue so I went where he said. They were very busy and I didn't know what I was looking for doing. I had a budget of about $400. Nate and Logan both assisted me finding the right weapon for the right price. It was a great experience I go back every couple of weeks to purchase ammunition. Their prices are the best I have seen and have a great staff and selection. I recommend the Pistol Parlour for all your firearm needs.
5	HUGE selection, fantastic customer service (very patient and friendly) and prices are pretty good. Keep it up guys!
4	Great new location!  Great lighting and well appointed. You can tell they $pent some money on this move.Have nothing but kind words to say about the service and the selection.It really is one of the nicest, best stocked purveyors of firearms in the valley.Even though I tend to ask a lot of stupid questions, they were patient and thoughtful in their replies.  For those not familiar with guns this is a really comfortable place.  If you are a collector or are well versed it's a great place simply because they have so much to look at.  Also, they had ammo.  That was odd now days and a welcome sight.  Also, the prices were very competitive.  I highly recommend giving them a try.
1	Horrible customer service had a receipt and wanted to exchange something like I was told I could they told me they needed the complete original packaging which was a piece of cardboard way overpriced also
