4	We were looking for a dinner with something different. We found it in Cafe Bleu. If you have time and you enjoy watching your food get cooked we would say Cafe Bleu is a good choice. Dinner was EXCELLENT. It is fun to watch the wait staff because they are students from the Chef academy learning about all levels of the restaurant business. Our waiter was very knowledgeable but very nervous. After we told him we were enjoying our experience there, he lightened up. At the end we were given a card to rate our dinner and provide pointers for the students.
4	Holy Mary, mother of JC. Ok not really but Cafe Bleu is fantastic. It is the cafe staffed by students of Le Cordon Bleu culinary school. Students are waiters and chefs and really do a good job at both. I came for an event so the service may have been better because of that but they seemed to good for that. I had salad, pasta, bread and dessert. Bread was fresh and hot and delicious. Salad was also fresh had homemade dressing and fresh crutons. Pasta was okay. Good sauce but nothing to write home about. Dessert was a cream flan with berry sauce. Oh my word. Each bite heavenly. The menu and hours are limited but worth it for way less than the price you would pay at any place these students will be working in the near future. The menu apparently also changes with frequency. A great working lunch spot for sure.
5	We started our journey with a wonderful glass of white wine and a deconstructed caprice salad.  The salad was fantastic with savory oils that complemented the mushrooms (my fave), tomatoes and cheese. Next course was a blue corn tamale with tomatillo salsa.  The tamale was filled with tasty chicken and the salsa had just enough spice.  My friend had potato leek soup that I had to sample more than one sooo good.  I'm getting me some of that when I go back!  Ok main dish was a homemade chorizo stuffed chicken breast with cilantro rice.  To be honest I don't eat chorizo I am not a fan......I ate it all it was terrific.  The tastes blended so well I wanted to have them make extra to take home.  The meal ended with banana ice cream with bananas foster on the side.  I couldn't stop drooling at the beautiful presentation but it tasted even better! The chef came out to say hi and I told him I loved him! This was one of the best meals I have had! Thank you cafe blue Lots of love from this monkey!
4	Over all our experience was very positive.  The on big failure was the Lava Cake desert.   It had no Lava and was cold in the middle.  Even the waitress mention the lack of Lava but she did not offer to bring another desert.   We, for our part, did not request this, even though we certainly should have.  I think some times items were left on the warming table too long  and were somewhat cool.  The mashed potatoes were cold and did not have a great flavor.  Over all, however, it was a nice dinning experience and one we would repeat (being more vocal on those things we thought need improvement.
5	Had a wonderful dining experience in August 2010.  We even brought our 3 children, ages 2-6 who had some super nummy mac and cheese (and it is great to say I tasted mac and cheese prepared by Le cordon Bleu chefs).  Anyhoo, it was an impressive meal, but unfortunately it was a few too many weeks to give an accurate description of all dishes tried.  However, if you get the emails from Restaurant.com, you can pick up a $25 gift certificate for $3-4 bucks!  Bonus!
4	Student run and simmer down expectation. Food is good and 10 dollars for soup,lunch,and desert. My miso salmon was very tasty.
4	This is the new name for Cafe Blue and I have to admit that I love it more than Cafe Blue.  I guess the great Yelp! team will simply change the name with their magic elves.   Heres the info from open table. Le Cordon Bleu College of Culinary Arts in Las Vegas features an on-campus, open-to-the-public restaurant, Cafe Bleu, that is run by our students, who prepare and serve the meals. We're very proud of our restaurant and the professionalism of our student chefs and servers. Many customers return again and again to enjoy our exemplary service and delicious meals. All aspects of food service and preparation are executed by our students under the supervision of our instructors. Reservations are recommended.
4	The hubby and I went here for dinner last year and it was awesome.  I was really somewhat hesitate about coming here at first but the food is a joy.  It's upscale food at low prices.  The service is very good too.  It's a really relaxing experience and my husband keeps on talking about the duck confit.  -M2
1	I find it hard to believe that so many people stated that this was a good dining experience. I'm taking into consideration that Le Cordon Bleu is practice for students who are not yet professional chefs. With that said, the food was far below average. The bread and butter were fine. The onion soup was average, and the best part of an unpleasant meal. My girlfriend ordered the caesar salad which had an extremely overpowering flavor to the point where it was inedible. I ordered the house salad. I requested it without egg, but the waiter got confused and I ended up with lettuce and dressing on my plate without the other ingredients like avacado. My girlfriend and I ordered the filet mignon medium to well done, which came with mashed potatoes, beets, spinach, and sauce. This was the first filet mignon I ever had which was hard to cut, chewy, and filled with tendons. Mine was cooked in three different temperatures. The very top was bloody, the middle was medium, and the bottom was well done. The beets were more on the bitter side and the boiled spinach reminded me of the tasteless vegetables served at public school lunches. Then came the dessert. I ordered the pastry with vanilla and chocolate ice cream. The plate must have been in the freezer for a long time because my pastry was very cold. The ice cream was the worst. The texture was grainy and lacked flavor. My girlfriend ordered the pumpkin creme brulee which was also served on a frozen plate. The dessert itself was cold on top and close to frozen on the bottom. Needless to say, the food did not even come close to the rave reviews I read about and was excited about. I was hoping for a survey to fill out at the end of dinner where I would have stated my dissatisfaction, but there was no such survey. Mike and I did not complain to the staff about the sub adequate dining experience because I kept in mind that these were students who were still learning. For all I knew, they could have began their training two weeks ago. How will these wanna be future chefs ever learn if there is no feedback? The best part was the atmosphere which resembled a typical modern and contemporary restaurant. The service was friendly and attentive. I just wish the food was as good as all these other reviews claim. I will not be coming back or recommending Le Cordon Bleu.Liked: Service, Atmosphere Disliked: Food
3	I'm shocked this place only has 10 reviews considering it's been open for years.  I feel like I'm straight robbing this place but I'm happy to donate my $15 for a 5 course dinner to the aspiring students of Le Cordon Bleu.I'm assuming the menu changes periodically but I had the following:Salmon Tartar - Amuse BoucheCream of Mushroom SoupLobster and Duck Confit Endive SaladTechnique Salad (Avocado, Egg, Greens)Filet Mignon with Bernaise Sauce with Poached VegetablesTrio of ProfiterolesAs you can see, it is a steal for $15.  For 3 dollars less you can get a 3 course dinner but even if you can't finish everything, why not get 2 extra courses and share with a friend/partner. Everything was really good.  I really enjoyed the soups and salads most.I also thoroughly enjoyed making pitstops to the bathroom.  On the way, there is a huge kitchen where you can watch all the aspiring chefs preparing your food.  My party most have thought I had a tiny bladder because I went back 5 times to do what I do best - STALK.As great a deal as this was, there were plenty of open tables.  A part of me wanted to hold back from writing this review so it would be my little secret, but then again I have discovered many gems from other fellow Yelpers so I must help pay it forward.Visit this place and support our future chefs - It is a hell of a deal!
5	I've lived in the Summerlin area for four years and only just recently heard about this place and had the opportunity to go there.  As others have pointed out, $15 for a 5-course meal = INSANE BARGAIN!! This place is like the Costco food court of French Culinary food.  The menu is limited so I pretty much ate the same thing others have described on here.  The French Onion Soup was fabulous and loaded with melty cheese on top, and the bread came with herb-butter (yum!).  There were 2 salad courses; I asked for one of the salads without the chopped egg on top, and basically someone in the kitchen just used their hand to remove most of (but not all of) the egg, which was kind of a turn-off for me, but oh well.  The filet mignon was fantastic and well-seasoned, and the bearnaise sauce only made it better; it also came with mashed potatoes and veggies.  For dessert, my dining companion and I each got one of the dessert options and shared -- the pumpkin creme brulee was great but not what I was expecting (more like a scoop of creamy custard than true creme brulee with the caramelized sugar) and the profiteroles filled with vanilla ice cream were delish.  The interior of the space is very clean and modern; the dining area is separated from the kitchen with glass, so you can see into the cooking space where the students are preparing everything, which is cool.  The students are also the servers and they provided adequate service throughout the meal.  Anyways, the overall experience was great and at $15 you absolutely can't find a better deal for such good food.  Definitely check it out, you'll be so glad you did!! :)
5	$15 for a five course meal is a steal any way you look at it. The fact that your food is prepared by students on the verge of graduating from Le Cordon Bleu should instill some confidence that the meal will be good. The students spend the last part of their training out on the floor, allowing them the chance to interact with their future potential clientele. I could see how nervous some of the wait staff was. It did not help that one guy was being told in front of the guest how he is doing an improper job. I am not a fan of this style of education, but it is a valuable lesson on serving etiquette. The food was better than I was expecting. Yes, the price alone is a reason to try Technique, but the food was quite good. Few mess ups, but the implementation of questionnaires would go a long way. Meat is always the most difficult station to work.First course was either the soup of the day or the three onion soup. My whole party got the latter, because our server suggested against the leek potato chowder. Our first course was superb. The rich broth was full of sweet onion goodness. The untoasted bread was a bummer, but it soaked up the soup well. The second course was the duck confit and lobster salad. The dish was excellent, the poultry and seafood complemented each other nicely. The citrus dressing tied everything together.The third course was the Technique salad. A mound of greens topped with eggs and avocado tossed in a French dressing. Both this dressing and the Caesar lacked a tang and were more on the creamy side. Neither were bad, but could use a little more acid.For our main course; three of us got the filet mignon and one got the salmon. We ordered all proteins to be cooked medium rare, but they were rare. None of us are particular as long as it does not cross medium and over line. The meat was tender and flavorful. The beef dishes came with a pile of mashed potatoes, cauliflower in bechamel, roasted carrots, sauteed spinach, and bernaise sauce on the side. The dish was overall pleasurable. The salmon came out at the right temperature on top a won ton pouch of vegetables and a grilled pineapple slice. It was difficult to eat, but not bad taste wise.Our last course was a choice between the trio of profiteroles or the creme brulee. The burnt cream was prepared in the classic fashion with a crust that gave a satisfying crack. It was accompanied with a chewy ginger cookie. The three flavors of ice cream puffs were also a good way to end the meal. Remember to call ahead and make a reservation. I had accidentally came the week before and crashed an engineering awards dinner. Our waitress was nice enough to let us know that our tip does not go to them, but to the school, allowing me the chance to change it. I opted not to since the school uses the money for school trips and other educational activities. Just something to keep in mind when your bill comes around.
5	Ahhh...5 stars to Technique for the 5 star treatment! As I walked in, the door was magically opened by the hostess. I had made reservations via Open Table. She then seated us. Everyone here works as a team. Helping one another fulfill patron's needs. Seriously. They are on top of it, very observant. After my first bite of anything, server came by and checked on us. The restaurant was about 20% full with lots of staff/students. So it was a little awkward with so many eyes on you, at first. I had the lunch menu ($10). Along with iced tea ($2.50). Tax (~$2). What a deal, what a steal! I should've asked but didnt, but assuming their menu changes often. But I posted pictures of what I had. Bread was hot, soft, and refilled! Drinks were never empty.Everything was delish! Though slightly on the salty side. But the taste of freshness and quality def. shined though. Also the vibe that it's a teaching environment is in the air but the students are towards the end of their schooling so they are very well trained. Peeped at the dinner menu, similar to lunch with more choices for entrees. Recommended but don't forget to RSVP( via Open Table)!
1	Very Poor Customer service.. I called 1100 to request if there are any cancellations for tonight, I would like to put my name on a waiting list. Restaurant rep said", We are booked tonight". (period). I then asked for the manager and said, "The Manager is saying the same thing, we are booked tonight". I gave my number and said, I got it! I then I ask to repeat it and the rep said, "What is your number again:??Before you go to the real world, you need to do something...
4	Great Price for a 4 course meal $15. If you read bad reviews from other yelpers, ignore them. This is a school with students learning the craft of fine food!
3	My first time here...   I expect that things change quickly as the students and positions change.  I went with a group of 12, seated at 2 tables of six each.   The restaurant was around half full.   The atmosphere and facilities are very nice.   I ordered a caesar salad that seemed a little short on dressing, tho the croutons were freshly made- not crusty and brittle like in a bag from the store.   Dinner was very slow in arriving.  The pork schnitzel seemed a bit unseasoned and the accompanying spatzel (noodles) were unimpressive.   The gravy didn't seem to add much in the way of flavor. Dessert was chocolate mousse.. again, unimpressive.  It could have been "jello" brand mousse in a wine glass.  Nothing special or redeeming about it.  Overall, it was fun.  I had a 3 course meal for $10.   BEWARE of the drink prices, the beer I had was $8, and I think the tea that others ordered was $5.   It runs up the meal price quickly-  I don't think anyone left under $24 or $25 with tip.Still, like I said, I expect that things change rapidly.   Stephanie, our very pleasant waitress told me that they change positions every 2 weeks or so (if I remember correctly).  So a lot rides on how comfortable each person is with their position.I'll go again.  It was fun.
4	What a fantastic bargain for fine dining in Las Vegas! I am a big fan of cooking competitions on TV, so the idea of being able to see the students cooking in a big, wide open kitchen was too tempting to resist.Dinner is now $16 for 3 dishes: 1 Starter, 1 Entree, and 1 Dessert. Initially, I was disappointed, because I had heard they used to offer 5 dishes. But it appears they simply adjusted the serving sizes to match typical restaurant portions, so it all evens out.APPETIZERS:  Rainbow Beet Salad and Flatbread of the DayMy friend's salad was beautifully presented and looked quite appetizing, but apparently only 4 small beet pieces were included.  What a shame because I wanted a bite, but didn't want to eat 1/4 of his beets. My flatbread was a well-prepared mini pepperoni pizza. Quite tasty and lightly charred, just the way I like it.ENTREES: Flat Iron Steak with Creamed Spinach and Beef Stroganoff with SpaetzleMy friend's steak was cooked perfectly and was delicious. The creamed spinach was quite light in the creaminess department, and when we inquired with our student server, he said in "gourmet cooking" they tend to "keep it a little tighter" on the creaminess.  Um, okay.  We have eaten at many quality steak houses in town and have never been served creamed spinach as "tight" as that.  Regardless, he was pleased with his entree on every other count.I chose the Beef Stroganoff and would not hesitate to try it again. Tender beef strips, in a rich brown gravy, served with their phenomenal spaetzle, witha light drizzling of sour cream and a hint of julienne pickles. Perfectly balanced flavor on that plate!DESSERTS: Bananas Foster and Panna CottaThe bananas foster was amazing!  Served with house-made vanilla bean ice cream, which beautifully tones down the sweetness of all that carmelly goodness at the bottom of the dish. My Panna Cotta was a new experience for me, and I found it to be light and flavorful. Not crazy about the gelatenous texture, as I was expecting something more custardy. Still, it was a satisfying finale to a terrific meal, and the raspberry puree on the side was to die for! Unfortunately, there was very little of it on the plate. I'd love it if they added to their menu a dessert composed of their vanilla bean ice cream topped with that ridiculously yummy raspberry sauce!Every foodie needs to try this place for a thoroughly enjoyable fine dining experience at coffee shop prices!
3	I came with the BF finally after wanting to try this but rarely having the opportunity on a weekday to be off together. We went for dinner on 6/20. They have gotten rid of the 5 courses, and now do 3 courses for $16. Appetizers we shared: Israeli cous cous salad with  cucumber carpaccio and pickled  red onions. It was very simple and not much to it, but it was clean and refreshing. Vegetable medley with apples in a light curry cream sauce served with pilaf in a tomato was actually really good. The vegetables were all cooked just right to where they are soft, but still have bite, the curry was really nice. It was actually pretty hearty and could be a meal in itself. Entree I had poached salmon, sauteed spinach and rice pilaf. The poach on it was done right, and the rice and spinach was seasoned but it was missing something. There was a bit of sauce bercy and the description said basil oil which I did not see so it may have been forgotten. The BF had herbed mustard pork loin which we thought was odd to have been thin sliced and battered since the description didn't really sound anything like how it was. It was a tad salty for the BF and my taste. the buttermilk cheddar mashed potatoes were good, the veggies were cooked well, and the parmesan roasted tomato was a nice tasty touch. Dessert the almond cookies duo (one plain, one chocolate) were nice and crumbly and were paired with a well done bright raspberry sorbet. The panna cotta though was more like just white jello. There was too much gelatin in it when it should have been just enough to set the cream mixture. Overall though the food was good and there was some pride in presentation. The service was alright. Our server was didnt say much at all and was softspoken to where some of it we didn't know what she said. I found it weird that she  never came up to ask us how everything was while we were eating, never checked on us if we needed anything, no thanks for coming, come see us again, have a good night, etc. at the end of the meal.  It's a open room and we can see a lot of the front staff is horsing around and talking including our server instead of doing their job. When walking out there was a bunch of servers and the maitre d by the door who did not greet people leaving because they were talking amongst themselves and have "checked out" already.  I get that this is still "school" but you're still serving real people who are paying money so this is just like any other business. Some people didn't seem to take it very seriously or learn much from school from how they presented themselves as servers. Maybe harsh, but if these are students that are going to graduate soon then I would think they would cover basic service points so I feel it's fair to call them out on it. Upon dining, I'm a bit surprised that there wasn't any comment cards for diners....if this is for the students to learn from, shouldn't they hear feedback on the good and bad? I know that maybe they don't want to hurt feelings with really ragey commentary but perhaps the instructor can read and use valid critiques into instructing the class. Hopefully the school reads Yelps at least! It's my first time and I know it changes with each class. I will be back as the concept is interesting and the general quality is good.
4	I went last night for dinner for my friend's birthday. They open at 5PM for dinner. We were the only ones there and they seated us up front so we could watch the action. We loved that. It is no longer 5 courses, but 3. However it is a lot of food. We both started with a Cesar salad. It was on a flat bread which was delicious. They also gave us a sample of I believe a salmon tartar. I did not taste it as I  do not eat seafood. I had the steak Diane and it was very good. the steak was cooked perfectly and the potatoes and carrots were a great accompaniment. My friend had the salmon and loved it. The deserts were outstanding and beautiful I had the lava cake my friend the fruit dish. The service was great. The food was great. The price was great. Can't wait to go back.
4	The Service: 5 stars, better than many other corporate restaurants.The Price: 4 stars, price ($15 lunch) is great but had expected it to be less based on the other yelp reviews. I can understand why they raised the price though. The Food: 4 stars. I chose the margarita pizza for my starter and it was BARELY cooked. I ate one of four pieces. The entree was chicken cordon bleu, served with green risotto. My absolute favorite was the dessert which was a white chocolate mousse napoleon with a delicious raspberry sauce. The presentation was also very nice.
4	Not a lot of people know about this place.  I had dinner here a few hours ago and only 3 tables were occupied which meant great service, not having to wait for each dish for a long time and getting a chance to talk to the Le Cordon Bleu chefs/ instructors/ students who run the show.They offer a 3-course lunch for $15 and a 3-course dinner for $19 - a very good deal.  For my appetizer I got the beef carpaccio with field greens, parmesan and truffle oil - it was amazing...my favorite part of the evening.  Then, I had the New York steak Diane with potatoes, fried onions and carrots - the steak tasted like Filipino barbecue but with a nice semi-spicy kick at the end.  For dessert, I had the apple galette with a spoon-shaped tulle - it wasn't overly sweet which was nice.The place is nice and you can watch the chefs/ students prepare your food.  It's like watching live Hell's Kitchen without the cursing and yelling.  I was entertained and I wish I was as good as the Le Cordon Bleu chefs or had their kitchen so I can do crazy stuff.On the way to the restroom are glass windows where you can see students practice different knife cuts.  Dinner and a free show, what more could I ask for?  I'll definitely keep coming back.
4	Dined here last night.  Large spacious dining room and on early weeknight, many open chairs.  My wife and another couple were the only ones there.The bad (to get it over with):  bread was stale.  OK by me as I'm not necessarily a fan of bread anyway.The good:  Crab Cake appetizer, Beef Carpaccio appetizer, Steak Diane (cooked perfectly and well seasoned) and Veal Picatta.  Would gladly do each dish again.  Chocolate Lava Cake with Peanut Butter Ganache, very good but slightly overcooked.  Not a biggie but listed that for those with high expectations. The meaahhhh:  Apple dessert was just OK.  Wife and I agreed we should have done two Lava Cakes.
2	The only way reservations are accepted is through Open Table.  I booked a lunch reservation for a Monday at 12:30 and a dinner reservation for a Wednesday. On Monday I get an email at 10:17am from Open Table informing me that my reservation for 12:30 has been canceled.  Good thing I have a smart phone that I get my email on AND checked it!  Otherwise I'd have showed up for my reservation to a closed restaurant.  There was no explanation or anything just a canned email telling me to call if I had questions.  Of COURSE I had questions! The biggie being....WTF did you cancel my reservation & should I be worried about my Wednesday dinner reservation?!?!.So, I called, and amazingly someone answered the phone (because my previous experience is that no one does).  I was told that my lunch reservation was canceled because "the kitchen was not ready to open from an event the night before".  Whatever that means?!?  It would have been good CUSTOMER SERVICE to have given me a call since it was only two hours before my reservation rather than taking the quick, easy, faceless, chicken way of pushing a button and letting me find out through "the magic box" aka a computer.I kept the dinner reservation.  It was unremarkable.  I inquired about what I'd need to do for gluten free issues & the server had no clue, I don't think she even knew what that was.  To her credit she asked the Chef.  He told her I could have any of the limited entrees (it was the night before Thanksgiving) they were offering that night & they'd be gluten free.So, I got the steak.  It came with shoestring potatoes.  I highly doubt those were gluten free so I pushed them aside.Our server seemed like she wanted to be somewhere else & was not attentive.  I was out of water from the middle of my main course until she filled it after I was done with dessert.  At that point, there was no reason to bother.Highly disappointed in an experience I'd been waiting for several trips to Las Vegas to experience.
4	Closed to the public!  I just called to make reservations using the phone number on their website.  I was told that they are no longer open to the public.  :-(
