4	Very clean, friendly staff, decent prices. I paid only $22 for a full set of acrylic and they looked great! They also have great spa chairs for pedis inclufing a hot rock massage.
5	This place is by my mom's house and sometimes we'll stop here for a pedicure. We have been here a number of times and always leave happy. Clean and updated facilities, comfortable chairs. Everyone is very friendly and professional. The wait (if any) is always minimal. Good selection of colors. Reasonable prices. And, one of my favorite parts, they don't try to upsell you with some lengthy menu (flowers, sugar scrub, callous removal, etc.)...they just give you what you ask for. They may make an occasional recommendation but I have been some places where I feel like I'm being harassed to get more services and I have never felt like that here. Although I typically get pedicures here, my mom did treat me to a gel manicure a few weeks ago and I was very happy with it. It lasted about 2 weeks with no chipping until I couldn't take the growth anymore and removed it myself--so, it may have lasted even longer. They recently got OPI gel colors here and I was very happy with all of the color choices
4	Great place!I've never had to wait very long for a walk-in, maybe 20 mins at most. The staff is friendly and does a great job.Prices are consistent with similar salons.Parking can be tough in this shopping center, but that isn't the fault of the salon.
5	I have been going to Neo nails for 10 years. I WILL NOT go anywhere else. They always are great. They do everything from full set acrylic to eye lash extensions and spray tans. I used to commute 25 miles to get my nails done when I moved away. It took me forever to find a great nail place. I am a professional mobile pet stylist so my hands are always in water. I never worry about my nails lifting chipping or cracking. Tammy is the best, she's the manager there and rocks. The prices are always reasonable I would pay triple for their service. I get compliments daily on my custom nails I get every time. I know they have displays but you can ask for custom nails or designs and get always deliver! You won't be disappointed!
