4	Cuban food is not very plentiful in Phoenix, but Havana Cafe does a very good job of making it accessible, tasty, and fun.  If you're not sure what Cuban food is, think of a Spanish and Mexican hybrid.  The seafood paella is delicious and a stand out, but everything I've tried on the menu is at least above average.  The food is always consistent and the staff and atmosphere usually have a friendly vibe.  Check it out!
4	Okay...so it was my first time having tapas, and it really makes me want more.One star for serviceOne star for atmosphereTwo stars for delicious mouthwatering tapas.  My favorites were the cuban tamales, and fried plantains.  The others were good as well, but those particularly stood out in my mind.  The tamales were a delectable mix of sweet and salty but not too much of either as to make you sick.  It actually made you want more.One star lost out because of price.  It's quite hefty on the bankbook... but for a once-in-a-while treat, it's highly worth it.  It's really good for a date if you want to impress him or her, and a day with the girls always warrants a neat little place like this.I know there are other locations in town, but for some reason I've heard the one in Scottsdale is the best.  All I know is, I'll drive another 45 miles just to get those tamales again!
4	Being from New York, Caribbean food is always accessible.  My neighborhood there is mostly Dominican, and that's what you find more than anything else.  The southwest, logically, tends to lean heavily toward Mexican establishments.  Since I haven't been home for months, I was happy to read the reviews for Havana Cafe.I got an order of picadillo to go.  It came with white rice, black beans, and platano maduro (Ripe plantain).  All were very good (ok, the picadillo wasn't quite as good as mine, but I'm partial to my own cooking).  My friend got a Cuban sandwich that was above average.  I thought the prices were average.  I'd definitely return to eat in the restaurant, which was comfortably decorated.  The girl who took our order was friendly and polite.  The Cuban bread she threw in for us was awesome.
4	Havana Cafe is a fun little place -- live guitar music, yummy drinks, plastic chairs and fake plants that make me think I could be somewhere in the Caribbean... it's nice!My husband and I went here on Friday night. I hadn't been to a Havana Cafe for a while, although I used to frequent the one in Arcadia. I got two caipirinhas, which were a little too sweet, but still tasty. Plus, it's not easy to find those drinks in Phoenix, so H.C. gets a star just for that! We had the fried plantains for an appetizer, which were just OK. But my dinner -- the vegetarian "cho cho" -- was great. It's chayote cooked with lentils and veggies and a "Jamaican curry sauce" over rice. Delicious and huge. My husband loved the mixed parrilla he ordered, too.For dessert, we ordered the flan and it was amazing. Definitely the best flan I've had in years. Not too sweet and the perfect consistency, and the caramel sauce that it came with had this great kind of creme-brulee flavor. Havana Cafe was definitely better than I remembered it being! The only downside is that the service was sort of slow. We didn't mind, because we weren't in any hurry, but I could see where it might be annoying if you had somewhere else to be.
2	The reason I gave 2 stars is mainly due to price. I found Cafe Havana rather pricey. $17 for Ropa Vieja, is expensive in my book. It was good, though, but not $17 good for stewed beef on white rice. They did have a varied menu of South American, Caribbean, and Central American dishes that all looked quite tasty. I tried one of my dining companions red fish with a Veracruz type sauce on top. It was huge, but a bit bland. Overall, it is a unique place, but I'd only go again if someone else paid. I live in Dallas though, so the chances of me going again are slim to none. In Dallas, we have a few similar type restaurants but not with as much varietycas Cafe Havana.
4	I ended up grabbing dinner at Havana Cafe because my first choice for dinner was closed on Sunday. Even though it wasn't my first choice, I'm glad I ate there. When I was looking at the menu, I saw that they still had their holiday menu up. I asked the waitress about the availability of the holiday menu and she informed me that the only thing they didn't have on the menu was the thing that I wanted the most - lechon (suckling pig). Seeing how I was already there, I was debating between the arroz con pollo or the pierna de puerco asada. I chose the pierna de pureco asada because it was probably the closest thing to the lechon on the menu. Now I'm not an expert on cuban cuisine, but I have enough confidence in my palate to know when something tastes good. I thought that the pork was cooked fairly well (if it was up to me, I'd like my pork a little on the rare side, but I know that this is not a very popular thing in restaurants), it tasted good and there was plenty of food. I was surprised that the black beans and rice was as good as it was. Usually I'm not a big fan of beans, but I could probably eat these everyday.The service was superb. Our waitress was helpful answering our questions and was very friendly. I wish I had more room in my stomach to try more items on the menu. I'd highly recommend this place!!
2	UPDATED 7/15/10I used to love this place! The food was always amazing as was the service.  It had been 6 months since I ate here so for my fathers 77th birthday I decided to take him here.  The Paella was out of this world last time...one of those dishes you never seem to forget.  Now I wish we could forget last night.  We first ordered the potato meatball dish which was still very good.  We also ordered a tamale---no taste!To get to the point, the food was very blan.  It seemed like the quality of the food bombed badly.  The seafood in the paella was DRY. We barely touched our food but our server didn't notice.  The busser took our food for us but on the comment card in the credit card book I put that the food was below average.  The server, who was very nice was concerned and said she would look into it...but didn't take anything off of our bill.  Now I have been a server and bartender and I had people eat all thier food and then complain.  Not the case here...we left hungry.  sad! I won't be dining here ever again.  Not for $77Original------Food and service was A++.  My only complaint was the seating and chairs.  They use plastic chairs--like cheap lawn chairs.  You must have the Cuban coffee.
4	I had lunch there the other day with some co-workers. I had the San Jaun platter, which had a variety of Puerto Rico dishes. It had such a diverse mix of flavors and I enjoyed it very much. Granted, I was so hungry at the time, I am sure that anything would have tasted incredible. The tables and chairs are a little jank, but I let that one slide. The waiter and wait staff were very attentive and courteous. I would love to try dinner and experience the tapas menu. The background latin music playing somehow makes your hips start a movin...seriously. It will happen to you.
4	South Beach Miami broke my mojito virginity years ago. So I am spoiled. Havana Cafe' has the BEST Mojito in Phoenix! And the food ain't bad either!
4	I am a sucker for a good Mojito.  I heard they had good Mojitos so I made a trip.  I enjoyed the food, the environment was pretty nice and of course the drinks we amazing!  I was a little taken aback by the fact that they seat you in cheap plastic lawn chairs however, the rest of the experience was great! I will be back....
4	Authentic Cuban food. As good as you'll find in Miami or at my house. However I would suggest you skip the appetizers (except the tamales or fried yuca) and go right to main courses. The fried pork chunks and ropa vieja are the very best selections. The Mojitos are very good as well. Skip the desserts and go to Cold Stone instead.
5	Excellent food and delicious mojitos! Atmosphere is inviting and comfortable. Food so good and authentic that I felt like I was back in San Juan. I will most definitely be back and I'm telling everyone I know.
4	Authentic Cuban food for a great price.  I was shocked to see the bill was so low when the waiter brought it to me. Great Mojito as well. Maybe the best in PHX!
5	So good. Haven't been able to stop thinking about it. Need to go back asafp.Go For:- Black bean fritters- Pollo Cubano- Pulled porkFriendly service, authentic Caribbean feel.
4	I've only been to Havana Cafe twice, but both times it's been delicious. This is authentic Cuban served by wonderful staff. I've only been for lunch and both times it was fairly quiet. I believe the real charm to Havana Cafe will be at night when the Mojitos are flowing and the music is rocking. Can't wait to try it out.
4	Good food, nice music.  Very friendly staff.  Especially enjoyed the fried chicken and the appetizer of crushed plaintain and pork cracklings.  Very large portions and very reasonable prices.
4	The other day, had a lunch from there. No, didn't eat at the restraint, but we picked up a very sizable lunch for a family reunion. The lady that helped us was very gracious, and accommodating. I know, how can someone helping with take out be accommodating, because, my sister, being the wild and crazy type (and to accommodate her husband) ordered 12 Pasteles uncooked, just as raw as can be. Why, so he could freeze some for Thanksgiving. That's the Puerto Rican in him. A holiday is better when it reminds you of childhood. The food was excellent, the Ropa Viejo nice and tender. The Paradise Pork (I think that's what it was) was also very good. And didn't taste like a pig. (The only good part of a pig for me is the other food group: BACON!) And we all discovered deep fried plantains, excellante'. Dessert was rich, sensual, wonderful and sexy!
5	Great food! Got a coupon off Groupon to try this place - yummy is all I can say...delicious food with a menu with something for everyone. Had the fried plantains and bean dip as appetizer - great change of pace from chips and salsa. The main courses were phenomenal and the rice pudding was the best ever. Try it!!! Little pr icy but very good and unique food - wonderful wonderful service!!
5	Fantastic! The black bean fritters were as good as everyone said and I loved the Pork Paradise. My boyfriend had the ropa vieja and loved it.  He also thought the black bean rice mixture was the best he ever had!  The sangria was good, but the mojito was the best! Highly recommend!!!  If I am ever back in Scottsdale, this place will be on the list!
5	Came here while on vacation over New Years. The food was delicious. Tons of vegetarian options. Yam soup, lentil stuffed chillies, plantains and black bean dip. A week later and I'm still salivating over the lentil stuffed pepper. The covered outdoor patio with a fireplace adds a nice ambiance.
2	I purchased a groupon for HC just after Christmas and decided to go back. THe one time I had been here before had just been kinda meh, but I LOVE cuban food and wanted to give it a second try. It was just as I remembered. Blah and bland and pretty boring. We had the plantain chips with black bean dip for an appetizer and it was quite lacking in flavor and temperature. A cold bean dip with hot chips? Weird. Next our entrees- Chicken cubano for me-the chicken was pretty good but the onions on top were kind of sweet and just didnt work for me, a person who adores onions 99.9% of the time. I had a glass of the red sangria which was probably the best part of the whole meal, rivaled only by the one man band providing the entertainment. I think I'm out from now on.
3	I had a great meal here with friends from Florida. They said it was not as great as Florida Cuban food, but then again, we're in the desert, what do you expect?!?! Everyone agreed that the food was tasty, and it came out quickly. I ordered a sampler platter for dinner which had a Cuban tamale, tostones, fried pork, some vegetable croquettes and some really tasty rice and beans. I have no complaints and would go back any time to taste more of the menu.
4	Can't believe I haven't reviewed this place before.  Wifey and I really enjoyed it.  I'm sorry a previosu reviewer did not enjoy the cold bean dip with hot chips - I thought that was a very interesting dish with the temperature being used to accent it.It's been too long since we ate there for me to recall the specifics.  I do remember that the mojito was very good - perhaps the best I have had in Phoenix.Don't let the strip mall location fool you.  The decor is a little odd as I recall, striving for Havana I guess.  But comfortable enough and made up for by the food.  Not cheap, by any means, but definitely worth a visit.
4	What a pleasant surprise - to find an authentic Cuban restaurant in the state of Arizona!!!!  I had the typical beef plate with rice and beans and maduros.  I've been thinking about the maduros all week long!!!! Pretty standard Cuban food and it was excellent.  It lead me to ask the waitress where the owners are from - one is from New York and the other Cuba which is why the food is really really authentic.  We topped the food off with a really good pitcher of sangria while a Cuban band played live Cuban music in front of us.  For me, this was a 4 star night.  This is a very casual place  My only complaint is that it is sort of pricey.  Two entrees, a half pitcher of sangria and 2 appetizers was over $80.   We'll absolutely go back again!!!
4	Hands down the BEST mojito I have ever tasted... and this is coming from someone that was never a fan of the drink. I ordered the lobster empanaditas and they were tasty. The sauce was perfect. I enjoyed the authentic atmosphere and live music - - it really did feel like I had been whisked away to Cuba. The service wasn't bad, but they did forget to bring a few things that were ordered - - we were a large group though so I'll be a bit forgiving. If it happened again it'd be an issue. I think everyone should take advantage of this restaurant being in the valley. It's great.
3	Fun place. A little over priced but the portions were big. The music was amazing!!!! The fried plantains were great and the eggplant dish was the best thing on the menu. Great fun for a birthday. If you are an organic head like me then you may not dig it and bring a lot of enzymes.
4	Delicious Cuban and Spanish food. Paella, Sangria, Vaca frita are my favorites here. Warm ambiance,  priced right. And they also teach cooking classes unfortunately they fill up very quickly :(.
2	Cute interior, decent food, but how can I actually receive the food if the waiter never comes to take my order?  We were seated and served water, and proceeded to wait.... and wait.... and wait.... while we saw both waiters serve other tables but never go to ours to actually take our order despite staring at them and attempting to flag them down.  After 10 minutes we managed to flag down the busboy who served us our water, to ask him to tell our waiter that we were ready to order.  Another 10 minutes goes by, and we see no sign of any waiter, just the busboy.  We consider leaving, but ask the busboy again if the waiter is coming to take our order.  Despite the busboy telling him that we needed someone to come by, the waiter apparently did not feel that we needed to be served anything since he still hadn't come by to even tell us his name.  We ended up taking our orders through the busboy, and he ended up doing most of the waiter's job for him.  The food itself?  A bit expensive, but tasty, depending on what you get.  Some of the dishes that had chicharones (pork cracklings) had slices of pork skin in the meal rather than mashed up bits.  I wasn't a big fan of this, since the chicharones, when rehydrated, taste really rubbery and bland when left as a small strip instead of being mashed up with the rest of the ingredients.  As for the rest of the food we tried, the pollo parilla was very good.  It was tender, with a nice tropical tasting marinade that matched with the chicken very well.  I wanted to try a bunch of items, so we also had the San Juan sampler, which consists of several of the appetizers in one plate.  The best item in the sampler was the Puerto Rican style tamal.  It had a very moist masa filling and was flavorful.In the end, I personally gave our tip to the busboy, since he pretty much did most of the actual waiter's job at our table, since I only saw the real waiter for probably a total of 30 seconds.
2	Being Hispanic and having grown up eating authentic dishes, I can usually tell what's good Latin food and what's not. Havana Cafe doesn't even come close. I can make better food at home. Their pasteles were bland, as was their rice and their beans. The mojito was pretty good, but not worth being disappointed over the food. Wouldn't go back.
3	My husband and I recently took my father to Havana's cafe in search of something different from the usual chain restaurants.  I read the Yelp reviews and was excited to try the black bean fritters and pulled pork . . . they were okay, but nothing to obsess about.  The pork was sweet, not salty or spicy.  So, if you like sweet pork, this is a good dish for you.  We got the black bean fritters with avocado paste as an appetizer, which were pretty tasty.  However, the highlight of my dining experience was the morros (black beans and rice mixed together).  My husband loved his mojito and my father liked his red sangria.  The atmosphere was pleasant.  We were there on a Friday night, the place was fairly empty, but despite this, we were seated directly in front of the stage area.  As soon as the guys started to play, our conversation ended.  I would appreciated the option to sit in a quieter part of the dining room.  Overall, the experience was okay, nothing horrible, nothing extraordinary, just okay.  Undecided if we'll return.
3	I have been craving cuban food for a while.  I used to live in Tampa where we have plenty of great cuban food.  I went with a group of 15 girlfriends for a girls night out.  The food is ok.  The tostones were a little too thin and greasy.  The maduros fritos were very good, but that is hard to mess up, it is just fried ripe plantain after all.  The camarones al ajillo (garlic shrimp) were very good, you can soak a piece of cuban bread in the garlic juice. Yummy.  The mojito needed more mint. The tres leches cake was not as sweet as I am used to.  I didn't care for the chocolate dessert.  One of my girlfriends had yuca frita, which was good, of course this is another dish that is hard to mess up.  I'll be back of course, I am happy there is at least one cuban place fairly close to my house.
3	I've always been curious about Havana Cafe and a Groupon that I purchased a little while back finally got me in there. Overall, it was a good experience... some hits and some misses. We arrived right as the live music was starting which was so nice and gave us an "on vacation" vibe. We shared a 1/2 pitcher of sangria which was pretty tasty. Their tapas portions are pretty generous and we completely over-ordered. Here's what we got: Calypso Chips: plantain chips with black bean dip. I love plantain chips and the black bean dip was very flavorful. I nearly attacked the waiter when my boyfriend told him it was okay to take the left over plantain chips from our table.... Never take plantain chips from a hungry girl!Tamal Cubano: A tamale with bits of pork in it. I thought it was good, my boyfriend really liked it. I think I'm spoiled with the homemade tamales my family gets at Christmastime. Frituras de Camarones: These are exactly like crab cakes, but made out of shrimp. I ordered them because it came with romesco sauce (an amazing sauce made from almonds and roasted red peppers). I slathered the romesco sauce ontop of the cake and squeezed some lime on top. I loved it, but I guess it could have been almost anything doused  in romesco and I would have liked it. Empanaditas with shredded beef: Good, but was hoping for a little more flavor. Yuca Frita: I was too full to really eat much of this, but I wanted to try their spicy banana-guava ketchup that came with them. We looked up Yuca (or cassava) and it's defined as a "woody shrub". That's kind of what the yuca fries tasted like: kind of dry and woody. The spicy banana-guava ketchup was good though - I'd just guess the sweet potato fries are a better bet. Service was a little slow (our waiter had a huge rowdy table he was helping). Overall, I'd say it's a fun place to try. A good place to go when you need a little variety.
2	I've been there a few time now for dinner.  its pretty much the only game in town when it comes to Caribbean food. I personally believe this place is a bit too expensive. For the life of me i cant imagine how Arroz con pollo is a $15 plate. On my last visit this past Saturday i must  say the service was in no way anywhere close to the levels they should be based on the price per plates.  The sangria had more ice than anything else and was very expensive. If my memory serves correctly it came out to $56 for two pitcher of ice.  Needless to say I'm very disappointed.  The food was ok but i actually felt gouged.   Sorry guys its been on our minds since the weekend and i felt we had to speak up.  I would also like to address the back room. I found it to have no atmosphere.  Very quite.  Lets try to remember this is a Cuban place and Cuban music and atmosphere should be present in all rooms especially on a Saturday night.. No?
5	Authentic, excellent. Always at the top of their game, awesome people.
4	Great service and really good food. There's more Spanish and Puerto Rican than Cuban, but it's still well executed. The ropa vieja is particularly satisfying.The house drinks are also good, the Hemingway is outstanding.Great local restaurant that is also family friendly during the week. You won't be disappointed.
4	Good food, love the decor, and had a great waiter!
2	The food was ok.  But the service we had A LOT to be desired.  I don't plan on going back.
4	YUM!!!! That's what I think whenever I think of this place. I get the same thing each time because its just that delicious. Pollo Cubano. It's delicious chicken cooked in a sauce to die for (cumin, lime, orange, and garlic), and its served with maduros (friend sweet plantains), black beans, and rice. I ate every last bite, and couldn't get over how good it was!! I've only been here for lunch, but the service was great and prices were very reasonable. Especially since my opinion of Scottsdale is that a lot of places tend to be pretty overpriced. The only reason I don't give this place 5 stars, is that I haven't really tried anything else but the pollo cubano, and I can't remember what my family got.
4	Okay, This would have five stars but for one thing:  We were with a group of people and two of us had groupons.  Now I know the groupon reads ONE PER TABLE....I also knew we were going to spend considerably MORE than both groupons so I asked ahead of time if we could sit together.  The person working the front said she'd go check.  The owner came out and was really very rude and said, "No, you must be seated separately and you cannot combine anything.  Totally separate!" and she was frowning.  Now, this was the first impression of several people in our party and that didn't sit well.However, I fully intended to tell them we'd spend WELL over the limits but I told her that we were fine with being separated and all sat down.  The wait staff was very nice and our waiter especially was just a joy.  The food took quite a while but was well worth it.  It was kind of a bummer to not be all together but once the food arrived everyone was silent anyway!We started with Calypso Chips and black bean dip which are divine.  I had the Pollo Cubano which was okay.  The highlight of the plate for me was the black beans and rice.  Those were terrific!My mother in law had the ham croquettes which were so-so and the Papas Rellena which are heaven!  My daughter had Sopa de Pollo which was also just so-so.  The deserts were to DIE FOR!  My daughter had Marquesa de Chocolate.  Basically  chocolate ganauche with Grand Manier flavoring with the most amazing whipped cream over it.  Totally rich!  Mother in Law had the bread pudding which had her almost in tears she enjoyed it so much.  If I were to go again, I'd just get a big plate of beans and rice and a Papa Rellena and dessert.  I will go again for the food even if the owner was rude. It's that good!  Again, we spent at least 1.5 times the amount of the groupon, each. We'll be back again, but really if you decide to have a groupon to get people in, try to be mellow and accomodate them too!  Or at least make sure your food is so good they want to deal with attitude!
1	Though a bit longer of a drive than we normally make for lunch, our office lunch crew wanted something different, so we decided to try and find a Cuban place and came across this one which got us all excited.When we arrived, we were unimpressed by the exterior, but figured plenty of dives have awesome food.We were seated fairly quickly in some beautiful...lawn chairs?!  The chairs were the cheap plastic chairs you use when you havee guests in your backyard and don't give a crap about their comfort.  The atmosphere was tacky and unimpressive.I ordered a chicken sandwich special as I didn't see any torta one the menu (what respectable Cuban place doesn't have a simple torta on their menu?!).  The sandwhich was dry and flavorless and tasted as if it received no seasoning at all.  My companions all looked at their food after tasting it and were disappointed as well.Receiving a refill on a water was like asking the government to stop spending money, it just wasn't going to happen.Horrible experience, bland food, overpriced.  In short, never going back and don't recommend it to anyone.
3	I want to give this place more stars, but I can't...After 6 years we finally made it to Havana Cafe due to our recent Groupon purchase...YAY! We always wanted to try it out but the prices always scared us away. When we arrived on a Saturday night we were surprised that the place wasn't extremely busy. I told the hostess "2 please" and she said do you have reservations? "Umm no, do we need them" (as I looked around the half empty place)?!She said my wait would be about 20 mins, fine, it's Saturday night. We sat at the bar for about 15 mins before the bartender even looked at us. She finally said are you eating dinner at the bar? "No." That was it. We finally were seated but it was at the back of the place. My husband and I ordered our drinks. Our server asks as loud as she possibly can for our IDs...ok sure no problem, but did you have to announce it to the half empty room that you are checking our age?! For the record, we are way over 21! Our food took FOREVER to arrive. We said the wait better be worth it and you know what...IT WAS! We ordered the Maduros Fritos,  Bistecs Cubanos with smothered onions and Masas de Puerco Fritas both with beans and rice. The meat was tender, the rice was moist and the fried plantains were sweet!  We did try desert, bread pudding and would not order that again. We'll probably go back at some point, but we will definitely make reservations and we'll be hitting up lunch for the lower prices!  :)
3	I've been a fan of Havana Cafe since discovering the Phoenix location about two years ago.  The mojitos are to die for!   The best I've had outside of Miami, hands down.  On this visit, my first to the Scottsdale location, I decided to go out on a limb and try a new item.  I'd always ordered the same dish every visit - Berejenas con Garbanzo (yummy)!!!  Anyway, I went for the Caribbean Jerk chicken this time.  I was sorely disappointed.  In my mind, I'd conjured up a spicy, tangy dish.  Instead, I got chicken that appeared to be simmered in a flavorless broth, not at all what I was expecting.  The side of potatoes that was served with the entree was good; however, it was an odd pairing.  The potatoes were too creamy (i.e. heavy) to be served with the chicken and few pieces of shrimp that were also simmered in the watery broth.My takeaway from this visit:  stick with what I know!  I'm back to the Berejenas con Garbanzo; the Phoenix location; and, oh yeah, plenty of mojitos!
2	I love Cuban food. Moved here from Miami and lived on Cuban food there...authentic Cuban food. Went to Havana Cafe yesterday and was very excited. The atmosphere was not bad. It was around two in the afternoon so it was empty. Very nice staff. The menu is interesting, but it is not true Cuban food, but a their version of Cuban recipes.  I have to say that the food was just okay. The presentation was nice, but the food itself was without flavor all together.  The quality of the products used were good, but missing the flair of true caribbean flavor.  Unfortunately I will not be going back to Havana Cafe. My search for Cuban food in the valley continues.
1	Never going back!!This was my second time here. Wasn't that impressed the first time, but thought I'll give it another look, more because one of the guys in our team really wanted to go here. Food: Just ok, over-priced and very small portions. Came out hungry. Deserts are quite niceService: I think I would have given this place 2 1/2 stars was it not for the bad service. Very rude waiter, I am not going to go into details of what happenned at our table but suffice to say I left the place pissed! Never going back and nor is the guy in our team who really wanted to go in the first place.I think I hate a rude (and I mean rude not bad) service more that bad food. Bad food just leaves me with no feelings but a rude server leaves me pissed!
2	Food was not worth the attitude. It made dinner very uncomfortable. The cuisine is unique, but poorly prepared. Again, service was horrible. The original Havana Cafe... off Camelback, is superior. Stay clear of THIS location.
2	I am sorry to report that we were disappointed with our experience, both in food and price. It started off great--tasty mojito (although a little on the sweet side) and we came during Yelp Eats week so there were some discounted apps, entrees, and desserts. We started with the shrimp fritters--those were tasty with the almond pimiento sauce--and the green plantains. The sauce served with the plantains was too watery to hold up to the dense starchiness of the plantains so we ordered a side of their homemade banana-guava ketchup. That was delicious and did the trick. They ended up not having one of the advertised Yelp Eats entrees. I thought that was pretty poor form--if they are running a special for a week they should not run out. I ended up ordering fried pork morsels from the full price menu. The pork was so dry that I could barely swallow it, even after dipping it in the sauce. There was no changing the fact that it was simply deep-fried pork chunks--not worth the $21 price tag. I sent the dish back and when I didn't want to order something else off the menu we were reminded that that fine print states that you are not allowed to split Yelp Eats discounted entrees, as if we had planned to send back the full-price dish. After that, we were ignored by the wait staff. The dish we split (bistec cubano) was good, so I can't complain, but wouldn't have been worth it at full price. We finished the meal off with flan and cafe cubano. One cafe was sweetened appropriately, the other had no sugar whatsoever. Food is overpriced and not that great. I certainly won't be returning.
3	Yelp Eats Week 2011 (50% off!), Take 4:07/16/11Arrived before a friend did, was seated at a two-top, and I was handed a dinner menu.  Had to ask for the Yelp Eats menu (oddity #1 as all the other restaurants I've visited since the start of it all had hosts/servers deliver them w/ the YE menu on the very top of the pile), and when the host handed it over, I noticed a sticker that asked not to share dishes- oddity #2.  As I waited for Linda to arrive, I ordered a mojito ($7.50) and asked server Ana about certain dishes, and she demonstrated great knowledge of both food and beverage menus (kudos to Ana!).  The wonderful mojito (dark rum, fresh lime, muddled mint, sugar, and a "splash of soda") arrived just as L. arrived, and, having had their mojitos in the past, she also ordered one for herself.  (If you do not come to dine here, you should at least try their mojito... probably the best I've ever tried, besides the ones I've made!  Not very sweet, the rum not overpower, but still a potent cocktail.)  After a little chat, we placed our order (split checks) for the Bistec Encevollado (steak w/ onions, for me) and the Frituras de Frijoles Negros (black bean fritters w/ avocado dip, for her).  Despite my preface of "I'm going to skip on the apps and order an entree, because I want to have dessert later," Ana asked me AT LEAST two times "And what would you like for an appetizer?"  She even pointed to the app portion of the menu the second time, and again I said I was only going to order the entree as I'd wanted to leave room for dessert.  L. was going to start w/ an app first and see if she was going to order more later.  Again, Ana asked what she'd like for an entree, and when Ana left, we already felt like we were being treated rudely and pressured to order more.  (L. eventually ordered another app, and then a dessert.)  App and steak arrived together, and for the record, I offered L. a taste of the wonderful steak, and she turned it down, bec. she tries not to eat too much red meat, but she did try the Papas de la Casa (spicy homestyle potatoes) and found them very salty.  I described the side dish as "highly-seasoned."  Yes, they were very salty, and I hadn't noticed they were spicy, but Mom did when she tried a little bit at home.  L. tried to share her fritters w/ me, but I've already tried them before, and I wanted to concentrate on the steak.  It was a "good" thing that Ana had pressured L. to order a second dish, bec. she actually ended up liking the Frituras de Camarones (three crispy shrimp pancakes served w/ a Romesco sauce).  (Hey!  I was correct when I thought the sauce looked like it was thickened w/ some sort of nuts... friend described it having a flavor she couldn't put a finger on, aside from the pepperiness and acidity... it also contained almonds and sherry.)  I very much enjoyed the Bistec encevollado and would not hesitate to order it again!Ana had asked a couple of times if I was ready to order dessert, but I decided to wait for L. to finish eating.  I was still enjoying my mojito and was even contemplating on having another.  (Actually, I was stalling for time since I couldn't decide whether I was going to order the chocolate bread pudding w/ homemade dark fudge rum sauce, or the lime pie!)  Finally, I decided to order, and I chose the bread pudding and asked L. if she'd get the lime pie, and she said yes.  Score!  While I enjoyed both desserts (I'd had two "tastes" of the pie before I asked for one "to-go"), I favored the pie.  That night, however, I couldn't get enough of the fudge rum sauce!!  I tell ya, I don't know what I WOULDN'T do to have another chance at savoring this fudge sauce again.  ;)  As far as the lime pie is concerned, I don't know how Linda could sit there and watch me take three swipes off of her pie... I think I was only able to restrain myself from having more, bec. I knew I'd have another one to enjoy at home!  Oh yeah, take the bread pudding (but leave the rum sauce!), and I'll have the lime pie every time from now on!We plan on visiting again, esp. on Mojito Mondays ($3 mojitos all day), and we hope that the rudeness was only due to Yelp Eats Week (although there really isn't an excuse for the rudeness!), bec. it would be a shame to have to skip this HC location-- L. said that this location is less noisy than that on Camelback.  I probably should not have tipped 20% off of the original cost of the my bill (original would've been $40.50, plus tax, and w/ the YE discount, a total of $27, w/ tax), since she was so rude to us, but I didn't want her to think that Yelpers were cheapskates.  p.s.  Almost forgot to mention, upon entry to this location, I couldn't help but noticing that the restaurant smelled strongly of body odor!  (Onions.)  If I wasn't meeting a friend here, I might've walked out and gone somewhere else.  p.p.s.  The Cuban bread was terrific!
3	I love their eggplant dish called Berenjena con Garbanzo!  Its the best way to eat eggplant, I promise!  I tend to try to stay away from white refined foods or those with higher glycemic indexes(GI)  so I order it with extra peas, and without the white rice.  There is never a problem or an extra charge for this small change. My boyfriend and I have been to this location several times and always find the service OK, and the food GREAT!  We were actually once there for lunch during a power outage. Our food had just been served to our table when the power went out. They accommodated us as best they could and we were allowed to continue to dine by candlelight. This time we used a Groupon, and had no problems whatsoever, and they were friendly when accepting it but did forget at first to subtract the total from our bill, so we had to remind them. But that is not really a big deal at all, and honestly happens all the time with both Groupon and Restaurant.com certificates. The prices are a bit on the high side. Although, the food is really good  and authentic, so we don't mind, but would probably go more often if the prices were a bit lower. On Mondays they have 3 dollar mojitos, but if you purchase a shirt or hat you can get them for 3 dollars anytime! A great promotional idea!
4	Was in the mood for some different cuisine, saw the Groupon, bought it and headed to the Cafe on a hot Thursday afternoon....From the outside the place looked a lil cheap or maybe average but definitely not classy.....I get inside and was greeted by a Wonderful lady who is the main character in the rest of the movie....Well at the first look I though I entered a library with a forest theme...All of 'em guests were engrossed in their respective menucards.......and then I followed suite :DWell that's the no. of options you have and cuban cuisine being foreign to most of us....you can't complain the voracious reading attitude of the guestsWell, and there comes the hostess who was glad to acknowledge my Groupon(unlike a few other places) and asked us if we had any questions.We ordered the samplers for both the appetizers and entrees to ensure we covered it all. The hostess was kind to explain what the food was made of and included. She really was fantastic!The best part of the place was the service and I don;t think I am doing enough justice to how courteous she was.All in all it was an average experience with the food considering that this was our first time with cuban cuisine..(rate 3/5 for this)However the star of the show was the service and especially the warmth of this lady who blew us away with her persona! (rate 5/5 for this)
3	Food & Drinks: 4 starsService: negative 5 starsWe've been to Havana Cafe twice, however, the service that we received on our most recent visit is enough to make us rethink attempting to dine there again.  On our first visit, we sat at the bar and had some mojitos and tapas.  The mojitos were some of the better ones that I've found in the Valley and all three of the tapas items had great flavor and as the bartender explained, were homemade with fresh ingredients.We were excited to come back and try out some of the entrees for dinner and returned about a week later.  There were only three other tables that were occupied, yet we were seated along the front "window" which is a sun-warped dingy looking sheet of some sort of plastic rather than glass.  Needless to say, this did not add any ambiance to our meal.  I ordered a cup of black bean soup and the Cho Cho, which is described on the menu as "Fresh Chayote squash stuffed with lentils, corn, carrots and onions. Topped with a Jamaican Curry cream sauce. Served with white rice and a spicy green tomato chutney."  My husband ordered a cup of the zucchini soup that was a daily special and the Berenjena con Garbanzo described as "Grilled purple eggplant stuffed with chickpeas, fresh tomatoes, onions, Manchego and Parmesan cheeses and thyme. Served with fresh asparagus, on a bed of white rice and topped with a creamy sherry tomato sauce."  We waited at least 15 minutes for the two cups of soup to make their way out. My black bean soup was excellent and I would certainly order it again.  My husband's zucchini soup was also very flavorful.  Before we were even done with our soups, a waiter brought out our entrees and tried to remove our soups while we were still eating them.  We told him that we'd like to finish the soups first so he just set our entrees alongside each of us and walked away, leaving our empty drink glasses on the table without asking if we'd like another round of drinks.  When I finished my soup and moved my entree in front of me, I could tell that we should have stuck to the tapas that we'd had last time.  It actually looked like someone had thrown up in my plate.  The squash certainly weren't stuffed, but rather, there were a couple pieces of squash found beneath a pile of carrots, red peppers, and onions with a yellow, gelatinous sauce poured over the top on a huge pile of white rice.  The veggies themselves would have been edible if not for the strange sauce that had been applied.  It had only the slightest hint of a curry flavoring and had a texture that seemed to indicate that it had been thickened with cornstarch.  I tried the rather flavorless chutney served on the side only to discover the same cornstarchy texture.  Now, I certainly would not knock a restaurant for making an authentic dish that I just don't happen to care for, so if this is how this dish was supposed to turn out, then those who prefer this presentation would probably enjoy it, but I really couldn't manage to eat more than a few bites before deciding to call it a loss and order something else.  My husband's entree, while better than mine, was also less than exciting and tasted to me like a very bland version of eggplant parmigiana.  He liked his well enough to continue eating (this may have had something to do with the fact that we were both starving when we came in). Now here is where the service really goes downhill.  For the next 30 minutes, no one came by to find out how the food was or ask if we'd like drinks.  In fact, we didn't even see any of the three wait staff even enter the dining room.  Finally, when my husband finished his meal, the waiter came over and asked if I'd like my entree boxed up, to which I replied "no, but I'd like to see a menu to order something else."  He promptly brought over a dessert menu so I then had to explain that the reason my entree was still in its entirety on my plate is because I didn't care for it and would like to order something to eat for dinner.  He brought back a menu, dropped it on the table and waited while I decided to order the Tortilla Espanola.  He then quickly darted away before we even had a chance to order drinks.  Having sat there for at least 40 minutes with empty glasses, I finally got up from the table, walked into the bar, and placed the empty glasses on the bar.  The two waitresses who were sitting at a table in the bar area chatting apologized for the wait and said that they'd have drinks right out. About ten minutes later our drinks appeared along with my Tortilla Espanola which was as delicious as when I'd had it during our prior visit.  The waiter did take my entree off of our bill, but in my opinion, the poor service that we got in a nearly empty restaurant is inexcusable.  It really is a shame that this place isn't able to pull itself together to provide an excellent dining experience given that there are in fact many palatable selections on the menu.
5	Wonderful food. The plantain fry reminded me so much about the ones we get back in my home state of Kerala, India. The other entrees were good. The food is not spicy, but if you prefer spicy food they will bring along a spicy sauce if you ask.
1	Great Place if you have a lot of time to waste. . . .   Here's the breakdown. estimate time in increments of 5 minsabout 5 mins to get seatedanother 5 to get take our drinks10 mins to get the drinks and order our food10 mins for the food to arrive* 10 mins into eating . . . .  hmm . . . .  where's our server?10 mins has past, drink cups are empty . . . .  .  hmm. . .  should I get a APB on our server?15 mins later . . . .   how was everything?  Whoa! his alive!!!another 5 mins to get the check. . . . wait my automatic watch stopped working . .  . . . .All in all the food is mediocre but with molasses type service and contraband prices this place to needs to be banned just like their cigars.
4	This location is so much bigger than the Camelback location I think I will be changing to this one from now on.  As always the food is great I went with a couple friends and we ordered the tapas menu and had like 11 things highlights were:bacon wrapped chorizo stuffed datescalypso chipstortilla espanolacevicheand the mojito mmmmmmmThe service was great.If you've never been it's a great spot to try out
5	I went here for lunch and it was YUMMY!  I had the Pumpkin Bisque soup to start and then the Combinacion de Favoritas.  Wow!  The flavors and spices were just a perfect blend of sweet and spicy.  The portion size was large, I was very full and still had some left to go.  I will definitely be coming here again.  There are lots of tasty sounding dishes on the menu.
5	We had an excellent dinner at Havana cafe - I would say it is in my top five restaurants in Phoenix. Service was decent too - I am surprised to see the negative reviews on yelp.  I may be a bit biased because I studied in Costa Rica in college for a few months, so I love any latin american and carribean comfort food because it brings back great memories.We shared the platanos maduros and mofongo as appetizers and some mojitos to drink. The mofongo did not sound great to me when I looked at the menu description, but it was amazing. The platanos were great too. I had the pumpkin bisque, which was sweet, salty, creamy and delicious, and some rice and beans. My husband had a pulled pork dish which was also good, and we had some lime pie for dessert. Next time I would order  a little less food,but I am glad we could try each dish - everything was good. We will be back!
5	All I needed to complete my delicious meal here was a good Cuban cigar and some brandy!We had the Papa Rellena for an appetizer... very very good. Its a beef filled potato cake with a cilantro lime sauce.For entrees my wife and I shared two dishes... the Ropa Viejas (shredded beef brisket in a tomato wine sauce) and the Gallina Frita (crispy fried shredded chicken, onions, in a mojo garlic lime sauce....amazing!Both dishes were large...with tons of meat.Great service and really good mojitos make for a nice evening out at the Havana Cafe.For dessert we indulged on the "Best Of Phoenix" (Phoenix New Times) Caramel Flan.... OMG!!!! And the coffee was yummy too! We also found a 15% coupon in DineInAz.com.... saved us almost $7!As the sign over the door says... "Cha Cha Cha!"
5	Unbelievably good and authentic Cuban food. I can't wait to go back!!
4	As someone who grew up eating home cooked Cuban food finding this place was a welcomed event!First and most importantly - the mojitos are legit!  Perfectly made.The food is very tasty and authentic and the server (Christine ?) was very welcoming and attentive.I really can't wait to go bad for mojito happy hour! :)Great place to get your fix.
4	- I must disclosed that this dining was done about a month and a week ago.   As you walk into this place you feel relaxed by the delightful Cuban music playing loud enough to hear in the background. I also love the dimmed lighting, oh soo relaxing!!   We were then pleasantly surprised by a warm greeting along with a big smile by our charismatic host, after the place was fully packed. We didn't even bother making a reservation, since the previous time I had visited this spot  was with my best friend who was actually the one who introduced me to this nice little spot, Special thanks Mr. B, and at that time, It was just about half way full.    So we weren't expecting to be seated right away, but we were, very nice!!. My boyfriend and I were both hungry, as usual, so we right away ordered the black bean fritters as our starting appetizer. We were surely pleased, they were hot and mushy on the inside served with a side of avocado dip, OH soo YUM, we also ordered ourselves the lime mojitos, talk about refreshingly good!!     We later ordered our main dishes, Tim got the Pollo Cubano and I ordered the Chicharones de Pollo, it was all pretty dang delicious!! Very flavorful, and just down right taste buds satisfying!!     We finally topped it off with my favorite, Arroz con Leche!! This on the contrary was just OK, it lacked cinnamon i think, I have made way better arroz con leche myself, If you like I'll share my recipe, but the appetizer and our chicken Cuban plates were bomb!! :)Thank you Havana Cafe for the great service and good food!! :)
2	This is the first review I have written that I truly hope the restaurant management reads.  Havana Cafe used to be one of the few restaurants I used to brag about to out-of-town friends.  They had a dozen dishes that I would classify as excellent and many others that were just "quite good".  But it has gone drastically downhill.  Here are a few examples:1.  The appetizer portions are smaller than they used to be, sometimes ridiculously so.  For example, the chicken croquettes ($6) consisted of two pieces the size and shape of a thumb (a child's thumb), filled with pureed chicken and almost entirely tasteless.2.  The entrees (we had ropa viejo and picadillo) were adequate in size but spiced very poorly.  The picadillo had no tropical spicing, and in fact tasted faintly bitter.  The ropa viejo was vinegary.  This points to incompetence in the cooking staff.3.  The prices remain high.  But they are cutting corners -- no bread was served with the meal this time, for example.4.  The menu was never really authentic Cuban, but it did have a number of popular Cuban dishes, with an interesting admixture of Central and South American favorites.  Some are still on the menu, but others have given way to meat loaf and fried chicken.It looks to me like the management of Havana Cafe is flopping around, looking for a way to make money (or more money) and has made a series of poor decisions.  If you are listening:  it's time to hire a better chef, make the menu more authentic, get rid of those $5 plastic chairs, provide real value, and pay more attention to managing the wait staff.  I hope to see you back to your previous glory, but I'm not holding my breath.  And I am not spending $100 for two people for what you have to offer.
2	My family and I thought the food was good enough, service was up to par, atmosphere wasn't bad (although really, you're gonna cheap out on A/C during the summer??). Everything was great EXCEPT the quality of the food in relation to the price. My pork sandwich should really have been priced at $8 AT BEST, not the $15 I paid for it. I ate here 19+ years ago with the same result so shame on me for going back. This is a great place to go for people who like to overpay for food that's just good 'nuff. Cheers to overpaying!
3	My husband and I LOVE the food at Havana Cafe but we must say, the service stinks. We went there last month on a Saturday night with no reservation.  We didn't mind waiting and was told it would be about a 20 minute wait.  After waiting quite a while we noticed there were about 6 tables opened.  We asked why we weren't being seated after 40 minutes and obviously there were open tables and we were first told they were for people with reservations and then were told they didn't have enough wait staff.  The owner or whoever that was (not) helping us, didn't seem too concerned that we were a bit ticked off about this.  Once we were seated, the service was painfully slow but the food makes up for it.  Our next experience was not much better.  This time we had a reservation and was seated right away.  After 25 minutes and bugging the hostess twice (WHO OBVIOUSLY DIDN"T SEEM TO CARE AT ALL THAT WE WERE WAITING)  we finally had a waitress greet us and take our drink order.  THe waitress told us  this was not her station but would be glad to help.  This was Korina and she was WONDERFUL.  The food was great.  I enjoy the Pollo Cubana and my husband gets the Sailors Paella.  It just seems as though the staff (expect Korina)  doesn't really seem to care.  That they are busy enough and we must eat there on their terms.  Just a vibe we get there.The drinks are incredibly small and a bit of a rip off but I was impressed that they had the Caribbean drink called the PAINKILLER.  Also, WHY the plastic chairs???  That place is so popular and so busy that I'm sure they can afford to upgrade to anything but a lawn chair.  We will go back....we always do...but we are hoping that someone from there reads this and takes this as constructive criticism.
4	I recently moved down the street from Havana and I had heard great things. I've dined here a few times now and the food is amazing!My favorites are the Frituras de Frijoles Negros (black bean fritters,avocado dip) and Camarones Havana. So good!!The mojitos are really good too. The only problem with Havana is the speed of service. The servers are always friendly, but things take FOREVER to get to the table. Even my Mojito took 20 min last time.I will continue to come here for the killer food, but don't come if you are on any type of schedule, starving or really thirsty...it will take awhile.
2	If you're looking for good down home Cuban food & great hospitality your Cuban friends talk endlessly and proudly about growing up with, then will likely not steer you to Havana Cafe.  The food just isn't truly authentic Cuban & the service leaves you asking, 'why did we come here.'  You want to walk in and feel welcomed here, but you just don't. I've been here several times over the last 7 years and it's always consistent.The food is over priced too. Come on folks, it's Cuban food...Rice & Beans & avocados..last time I checked, this was the cheapest food to make..Why are you charging $8 for an avocado salad?Really?  An avocado is $2!If you want good Cuban food and you're ever in any of these towns, here are some great places to eat & they're truly authentic Cuban food... and you'll feel welcomed!Los Angeles, visit Versailles--Manhattan Beach or VeniceIf you're in Key West--visit Siboney--my favorite! Houston--Tropical Island Cafe.Cuba Libre!
3	Tasty tapas, good service and a really feel to the place. Well worth the trip for dinner.
5	I love this place. Every time I am here, I get the Emparedado Cubano, an AMAZING sandwich. This is a Cuban restaurant, so nothing here is too spicy. Cuban food is normally sweeter.  This food is like , if I had a Cuban grandmother. The feed is great, fresh, healthy, home cooking. The inside feels like I am eating somewhere in Costa Rico. The waiter is always very, very helpful and kind. I believe his name is Ernesto...I always love Havanna Cafe, and you will too. I promise.
4	DELICIOUS! I just found this place and it's a great spot for date night! I had the cho cho and I'm still dreaming about it!
2	Went here with a living social deal. It included an appetizer trio, 2 entrees, 2 desserts, and a choice of mojito or sangria.The dining area was all reserved when we got here, but we got a high top in the bar area. Reservations reccomended. The mojito I had was pretty tasty, I wouldn't mind having a lot of these. The sangria wasn't anything special though.The appetizers were ok. Nothing extremely special, but nothing bad either. Just meh.I had the Sailors paella and my guest had a cuban steak with rice beans and onions. the paella was really salty and buttery. Unfortunately the seafood inside wasn't very fresh. The crab in particular was impossible to get out of the shell. It was a soft almost plasticky shell a sign of frozen and poorly cooked seafood. The steak was not a premium cut of meat. It wasn't tough but the texture felt poor and wasn't very flavorful. Fairly forgettable. We then got bread pudding and flan for dessert. the bread pudding was so so, but omg the flan was delicious. Very rich and very thick. The service here wasn't very attentive, but they were very warm and welcoming. It was a very nice atmosphere to relax and unwind. Maybe it was because we were in the bar area, but the bartender completed most of the service and it was almost like being in a friend's house with him hosting you.If you haven't realized by now, I didn't really think very highly of the food here. It was fairly bland and forgettable. Maybe I just don't like Cuban food though. Without the living social deal the price for the meal would have been fairly expensive. I couldn't see myself spending that much for the entrees we got. The mojito and flan were good, but not good enough to draw me back here.
4	Delicioso!We have been going to Havana Cafe for years. It has been consistently a good experience. Good service and good food.Dinner itself is always yummy. I always order the ChoCho. Stuffed squash with a mouthwatering curry sauce. Soooo good. My husband has something different every time, usually seafood or pork. He is never disappointed. Last time we went we split a bowl of pumpkin curry soup. OMG! I usually hate pumpkin but this was incredible!My only complaint is the price for the portion they serve. Don't get me wrong, it is super yummy. But vegetarian entrees run between 15-20 and meat and seafood are usually over 20. They don't include any salad, soup, or bread and the portions are rather small. What we do more often than dinner is happy hour. Tapas are very inexpensive and absolutely delicious. Black bean fritters, sun chips, Spanish tortilla. Yum. Mojitos and sangria are on special too. Both drinks are really good. Havana Cafe is the ONLY restaurant in Arizona where I like the sangria. The bartender is nice and we usually have the bar to ourselves... what else can you ask for?
5	I lived next to this restaurant for 15 or so years and never went. Even when my mom would ask me to because they prepared food they way her mom did when she was young... nope, that didn't get me to go. Needless to say, I'm not a super big fan of trying new foods that I know nothing about (thankfully, I'm changing on that, bare with me!)A few years after moving away, I get a new boss at work who's from Cuba. So my work team decided to bring her to Havana Cafe. After so many years of boycotting this restaurant, I was forced to go. THANKFULLY! Who knew Cuban food could be so amazingly delicious! Now that I was "forced" to go once, I've been SO many more times and love it even more every time I go.The Bistec Encebollado (thinly cut steak with onions on top) paired with Moros (black beans and rice mixed) are my absolute fave! But you can't start the meal without getting the Calypso Chips (warm plantain chips with a cold black bean dip)!Havana Cafe is now one of my absolute favorite restaurants!
2	went for the Passover service and dinner - - a little expensive at $65 plus 20% service charge.  Good service, but the food was not very good.  Would not recommend this at all.
5	My first visit to this restaurant gave me this East coast feel, I felt right at home when I ordered the chicken with rice and plantanos...I was full. Their portions are generous and love the fact that they were very attentive to our needs. The music in the background is cultural, love Havana's and I am sure to come back with some friends.
4	Solid food and service.   They took care of us even though the kitchen was about to close.  The shredded pan fried chicken and moros was great and is recommended.
1	Voucher #2518-6167I am seeking a refund for my voucher to Havana Cafe. Last night I went to Havana Cafe. When we entered the restaurant the hostess approached us and asked us if we had a reservation. We told her we did not and she said that they were booked up but we could eat in the bar. There were at least 6 tables open. It wasn't our first choice, but we said okay. We sat in the bar and the waitress took our drink order. After about 20 minutes the bar tender asked if our orders had been taken. We said no and he asked if he could get an appetizer started for us. We ordered our appetizers and waited for the waitress to come take our dinner order. While we waited, some other people came in and we heard them say that a 10-15 minute wait for a table was not too long. We asked them if they had a reservation and they said no, they just came in. A couple at the table next to us said they too had been told they couldn't eat in the dining room. While my friend went tell the waitress that we wanted a table, a waiter came to the table with 2 appetizers. He tried to give me the wrong one and I told him that the other one was ours. He walked away with both appetizers. I and someone at the table next mine tried to call him back but he kept going. The waitress finally came to take our orders. The appetizer waiter again came by with our appetizer and walked past our table twice. The waitress had to stop him and tell him to give it to us. We were finally moved to a table and waited for our food. When the food finally came, they brought all of the food at the same time, instead of bringing my friends salad before the entree. Also, my salad was nothing like what was listed on the menu and had ingredients that I am allergic to. I told the waiter that this was not the entree salad that I ordered and that I was allergic to some of the ingredients. At this point we asked to speak with the manager. After 10 minutes of watching the manager come in and out of the dining room, going around to talk to people at other tables we asked for the manager again. Our entrees were brought out to us. They brought the exact same salad to me and my friend's entree had clearly been sitting under a heat lamp. The waiter said that he would get the menu so he could show me that it was the right salad. The manager still hadn't come to us so my friend went to him. From across  the room, I could see from his body language that the manager was not in any way responsive to our issues. When my friend returned to the table, she told me that he was rude to her, until she mentioned that she knew the owner. The manager then came to our table. When we brought up the fact that my salad was nothing like anything on the menu and the fact that when we told the waiter that I was allergic to some of the unlisted ingredients, he apologized and said that sometimes the chef changes the ingredients and the menu isn't changed. I explained that this could be life threatening for some people.  He offered to have the salad remade, but at this point I was not confident in their care for allergy issues and declined. After 2 hours in the restaurant, we left without eating. The manager did end up giving us gift certificates for a return visit - it is highly unlikely that I will return.
4	I was elated when I discovered I'd be in town for the mojito class that the restaurant periodically offers. I'd been eyeing it for years but it never seemed to coincide with my business travels.  Well, luck shone on me and I was able to attend last night.I must say for $20 tuition, it was a bargain!  The restaurant owner not only teaches the fine art of making a killer mojito, you are also treated to a brief lesson in Cuban history and culture.  It was very interesting!  The restaurant supplies all the ingredients and you craft your own cocktail, according to instruction.  There are also fun prize raffles and lots of laughter.  I can't forget to mention that the class fee also includes a tapas plate featuring some of Havana Cafe's fabulous appetizers.  You also get 15% off if you decide to stick around for dinner.  It was a win-win evening.I still prefer the original location but I can't visit the Valley without getting my Cuban fix.  Yum.
5	Havana is heaven. It's absolutely amazing; I love it there and you will too. The cafe is filled with green plants and furniture and snazzy decor, that's right, snazzy. But of course, the food and adult beverages are the best part.I usually order a few appetizers there; my absolute fave is the black bean fritters that come with an avocado dip. Holy yum! It's unbelievable. I also recommend the pastelitos (puff pastry) filled with spinach and cheesy goodness. The black bean soup is de-lish and has a little kick to it.You have to cool all the zest and spices down with a sweet, banana daiquiri... when in Cuba, right? Naomi Garnice gives this place two thumbs up, love it!I went to Havana again this month for a Mojito Class -- it was so much fun! We learned how to make strawberry, watermelon and classic mojitos complete with our own individual muddlers. Be sure to join the mailing list when you go in to get notified of upcoming events!
1	This place has turned me off of Cuban food. Terrible decor, old, hot, not enough air conditioning I guess and the Paella..please. Over cooked, smooshy, cold vegetables, almost all rice with no saffron favor ands terrible seafood...can't even get the crab out of crab legs because they are so soft and cold. Terrible. I hope this place goes out of business because at these prices...I wouldn't normally say that but...shame on you for serving this. These other reviews are from the staff, no doubt about it. Try it and then thank me,later for warning you.
5	Gluten fre menu!!!!!!!  Great, yummy, flavorful food!
4	Yum! Friendly staff. Food is wonderful. If you want to try Cuban for the first time. Go here. Mojiotos are great as well.  We go every other month or so.. Easy to droop a few bucks here though. But, life is short..eat well.
5	We come to AZ once a year from California. Havana Cafe is one of our key destinations, and we try to eat here multiple times during our vacation.  The food is to die for!  Great selection of very authentic Cuban food.  Plantains are amazing. Don't miss this restaurant. Yes, the plastic chairs could be upgraded to more comfortable chairs:-)
3	We have been here many times mostly for regular dining but also special events. Happy hour today was ok. House wine isn't great though it is inexpensive. The sangria was great. My wife enjoyed empanadas and the seasonal pumpkin bisque. I had sun chips and calamari. Pleasant afternoon. Service wasn't great. We were one of two tables. She could have paid better attention I suppose. We like this place and will be back.
5	My husband and I used a Groupon to try Havana Cafe for the first time.  I was a little worried about some of the negative reviews I read on Yelp.  But we were pleasantly surprised.The service was great.  Our waiter, Steve, was very friendly and attentive.  The busboy refilled our water several times without being asked.  The rest of the staff was very friendly as well.But more importantly, the food was great.  We ordered the black bean fritters with the avocado dipping sauce.  The fritters were crispy outside and warm and steamy inside.  And the avocado dipping sauce had the perfect amount of spice to compliment the fritters.  We also ordered the plantain chips with black bean sauce.  Also wonderful.  The plantain chips came out warm and lightly salted, which worked well with the black bean sauce.  Then we split the Masas de Puerco Fritas - the pork "morsels" in a garlic-lime sauce.  The pork was very moist and tender with the right amount of crispness on the exterior.Of course we had to try dessert too, and split the Carribean Candy Bar - coconut flan with candied coconut, almonds, whipped cream and a drizzle of chocolate sauce.  It was delicious!Overall, the service and food was wonderful.  We will definitely be back.  My ONLY gripe is the plastic chairs...
5	This place has been a family favorite for years. We eat here at least 1-2 times per month. Very authentic, rarely crowded, and nice servers.Food: I love the masas de puercos fritas ( fried pork nuggets kinda similar to real carnitas) when I am super hungry and I love the pargo veracruz when I want something lighters. I also love the calypso chips (fried plantain chips).Oddly enough the bread they serve before the meal is some of the best!Would highly recommend!
2	Food was ok. Big portions but way to pricy for the food quality. I did get sick after having their salmon. Not sure if it was the mic of foods or what. Most likely not going again
4	This is Sharon, hijacking my sisters phone so I can tell you about the fabulous lunch we had at Havana Cafe...all you Yelp users should know about this gem. I like trying different restaurants but have some favorites where I can expect good , interesting food and reliable service. Havana Cafe is one of those places. I've never been disappointed in any of the numerous items I've had on their menu and the hardest part is choosing what to order! Today I took my sisters who are visiting from out of town and they thoroughly enjoyed their first time experience!  I will be back...again & again & again.
4	My boyfriend keeps talking about his friends from Cuba that moved away a few years ago wishing I had the opportunity to try their cooking. So when Groupon had a deal for this place, he scooped it up hoping it was even half as good as what he's used to. Happy to report, it was fantastic. I wasn't extremely hungry so I ordered Sopa de Polo and Frituras de Frijoles Negros. The soup was a little on the bland side so I ended up using a lot of pepper and a dash of salt, nothing I couldn't fix. The black bean fritters were amazing! I can't remember what he had but he kept saying "wow, this is good" and "this is exactly how I remembered".  We will defintely be back.
5	Wow! This place is the best around. No one can compare to their cuisine. Have the stuffed poblano. By far the best. I love going for happy hour to get a whole bunch of small plate appetizers. The black bean dipping sauce is so great I could eat it plain. When in season, the pumpkin bisque is one of the best soups I have ever tasted. It is such a fun environment in the restaurant with the appearance and feeling of being on a patio with the comfort of being inside. You cannot go wrong with anything on the menu. Prepared to be surprised with these wonderful tastes.
3	The food was good but not for the cost. The dough for the empanaditas was ok, very salty though. The chicken filling was delish. Ropa vieja was similar to Venezuelan carne machada. I received more rice, beans and veggies than meat.
1	Lunch hour..only 2 tables with clients and I still had to wait 4-5 minutes to get somebody to come out and offer me a table.  $17 lunch plus $3 tip for a waitress with no personality. Carne ensebolllada was less than ok. Will not be coming back. Maybe an off day, but honestly fast food started to sound better. Specially for a $20 lunch.
4	Got a deal on Groupon & glad I did. Latin is way out numbered here in the Phoenix by Mexican. But this place hits it on the nose and puts Latin on the map.  And they spare no space on the plate.  The Bistec Encebollada was a large plate, took half home. Steak was juicy & well marrinated. Black beans & rice were perfect. Maduro (plantains) were sweet. The Pollo Parilla was also large plate of food & every ounce of goodness. The mango sauce complimented the marinated rotisserie chicken. We had mojitos & the Havana Cooler.... how refreshing!!! Will definitely be back.
3	We tried this place thanks to a Groupon... when we arrived we noticed the place was full but most of the tables didn't have any food on it, just drinks... and almost everyone seemed to be waiting for their food... it took so long for our server to show up that we were very close to leaving...Food was good, service was bleh-OK...For a place with $20+ entrees I would appreciate real chairs... We were already hungry when we arrived, after being seated it seemed it took like forever for our server to show up... the bread alone took more than 20 minutes... we asked for more and it took 10 more minutes, we asked for more and our server brought it sooner, it is just that she missed to drop it at our table and was chatting for like 5+minutes at a table nearby... while I knew for sure the basket on her hand was our bread. It was very frustrating.Appetizer arrived at the same time as our food (big no-no in my book)...On the plus side, someone else took really good care of us refiling our drinks.Portions are big. Hubby  had the pollo ajillo (comes with white rice) and I had the Cuban dinner sampler. Hubby liked his dish, and I thought mine was good too. The pork is like carnitas, the chicken had this lemony broth that gave the rice/beans a really tasty flavor. The ropa vieja was not my favorite but was good as well.For appetizer we had ordered the chorizo stuffed dates (datiles con chorizo)... oh well, I am yet to find out if Cuban chorizo is the same as the chorizo I know from Mexico, because I didn't taste anything other than bacon and dates. The appetizer was warm at best and am not even sure if the bacon was fully cooked. Usually for foods wrapped in bacon the bacon is really crispy and this was not the case. Of course, I am not an expert on Cuban food and even though the flavor of date and bacon was interesting, this was not exactly what we were expecting from the way the appetizer is described in the menu.Needless to say, we won't be back...
4	Decided to try this venue rather than driving down to their other restaurant on Camelback. We figured we'd have a better chance of being seated here because the other venue is quite small. There is also ample parking. At around 7PM the place started filling up.We were pleasantly surprised at the amount of space this restaurant had. It was decorated as if we were in Cuba. The server was polite but hardly made conversation, just asked us how the food was and was there anything that she could get us.We started with Sangria and the Testones, which is grounded green plantains which I thought was a bit dry even with the garlic sauce. We didn't know that it could either be served with a Black Bean dip. As for the Sangria, for me it was potent. Just remember that instead of it mixed with red and white wine you can substitute the white wine with champagne. We weren't even told about those options.I tried the Sailor's Paella and it had all sorts of seafood: crab, mussels, clams, fish, calamari, scallops, white asparagus and rice. It was served in the pot that it was cooked in, so be careful 'cause you can't dig into until the temperature lowers. The meal wasn't overly salty and was very tasty. If you order this item, don't eat lunch before you come.My wife ordered the Chicken Chicarrones which was good but a little dry. She took half of them home and had them for lunch.To top off the meal, I ordered the Flan which was excellent except for the cinnamon cookie on top of the flan. It was different and I left the restaurant satisfied.
2	Very disappointing.I came here recently with a friend hoping for flavorful Cuban food but we both found the food  to be mediocre as far as Cuban cuisine goes. I feel bad for leaving such a short review, but there just isn't much else to say. I can't complain about the service, wait time or the atmosphere, the food was just rather bland and very disappointing. I am a vegetarian and my friend a carnivore and we were both disappointed with the our meals. The food didn't taste horrible, it was just lacking in flavor (think Luby's) and we left with no reason to come back in the future. I have since heard that the Havana Cafe location down on E. Camelback is much better so will look forward to giving that location a try next time I am in the area. Hopefully I will have great things to report.
4	We had dinner here this evening and the food was delicious! I've read some of the previous posts and they sure don't sound like what we experienced tonite. I called to make a reservation due to some of the comments in reviews but was told that it's not necessary. Only reason they were having people make reservations was during spring training and it was extremely busy. We got there around 5:30 and were seated immediately. The waitress was great, she came to the table for our drink order and asked if we had any questions about the menu. The waitress also gave us a basket with a loaf of warm cuban bread and butter. OMG!!! It was freshly baked and delicious. I could've eaten the whole loaf myseIf. I oredered the black bean soup which was fantastic!!! Definitely one of the best I've ever had. My main entree was the Ropas Viejo. It was piping hot and a very generous portion. I ended up taking 1/2 of it home. So, I guess I can't find anything wrong with this place. Loved it!!
4	This is my new go-to place when I am in Scottsdale.  A co-worker turned me onto it and I am now making multiple visits when I am in town.  The black bean fritters and papa rellena's are top notich - lots of flavor.  My favorite is the Ensalada Cubana, a cuban sandwich without the bread.  All of the ingrediants are fresh and flavorful but the chopped pickle hearts make this truly special.  It's hard to try anything new now. The Pargo Veracruz is a snapper filet that is cooked just right in a nice tomato sauce.  The saffron rice didn't overpower, but rather complimented the dish.  Love the mojito and red sangria.  I didn't enjoy the white sangria as much - a little heavy on the wine or something, it just wasn't my taste.
5	One of our favorites!  Great Cuban food - excellent service. Always look forward to a wonderful dining experience here and even if it takes almost an hour to drive here, we still will make every effort to be here often.
3	Definately A-ok!  We came on a Groupon.  Located in a kind of run-down strip center peopled by a bunch of punky teens, but pushed past their rude obstructions .  We entered a bright and crowded restaurant  that was gaily and cheesily decorated in a Carribean motif.  We were quickly seated at a two-top and waited on by a nice young girl, who quickly brought us our glasses of wine.  Since we aren't real familiar with Cuban food, DH and I decided to start with the appetizer platter: black bean fritters, ham croquettes and chicken croquettes, cuban tamale, chorizo and maduros, accompanied by two delicious sauces.  Omgosh, one bite was as delish as the next!  DH loved the fritters.  I enjoyed it all!  Very generous portions...we ate and ate and there was still food on the platter!  No way were we going to be able to move on to entrees----bummer!  And we hadn't spent our Groupon minimum!  Explained the problem to our server, who suggested we order a flan to go.  Great idea, and with wine, took us over the top for our Groupon.  (The flan along with the leftover appy made a great breakfast!)  We really enjoyed the flavorful  food, the excellent service and the fun and funky atmosphere.  We will so totally be back to try out the entrees.  We can ignore the juvenile delinquents to sample Havana Cafe again!
1	I signed up with Yelp just to write this review. My wife and I moved to AZ recently and we were happy to find a place which sold Cuban and Puerto Rican food. All the dishes we ordered were disgusting!  The fried meat (carne frita) that she ate was dry and flavorless. The mofongo she had was unlike any other we have ever tried. She asked me to try and I just couldn't swallow it. We both love mofongo so that was very disappointing. It doesn't end there my dish was the Puerto Rican plate so I was excited and thought it would bring back some memories of my hometown but it only brought back nightmares. The rice with pigeon peas (arroz con gandules) had way too much tomato sauce... I can go on forever but would rather not. I will just jump to the desert. We thought maybe since the meal was so horrible maybe they could redeem themselves with an awesome flan. When we ordered the flan the waitress said they did not have the large portion but she  could give us the two smaller portions. We said OK but to our surprise the flan was so pale and the taste was so bland. I looked at it carefully and noticed that it had the recycling symbol on it. Who does that!!!  Come on really?!?  I'm done with this place. I would never eat at this restaurant even if they paid me. I would not recommend this restaurant to anyone unless I hated them.
2	Here is the problem with Havana Cafe:  Its overpriced.  I ordered a Emparedado Cubano sandwich as carry out.  I liked it.  It was tasty and came with french fries and moros (black beans and rice concoction).  It was supposed to come with cabbage salad but that appeared to be missing in action when I opened the box.  It cost me $16.  If I pay that much for a sandwich, french fries, and rice/blackbeans, they need to be amongst the most delicious things I've tasted in order to justify that.  But they weren't.  They were just barely good.  If they cut the price in half it would be a great meal worth the price.  Until then I would avoid this place.  I wont be returning unless they do.
2	Arrived here around lunch time and the place was charming, but was completely empty. There wasn't even a waitress anywhere in sight. We seated ourselves and a couple minutes later the waitress came out. At first I thought why is this place so empty, but I would find out soon enough. The waitress was moody and gave us attitude when we asked her questions almost as if we were stupid for asking. We had a living social coupon and no where on it did it say that we had to order from the dinner menu, but apparently that was the case. We ordered our food, Cuban sandwich, mussels, arroz con pollo, and a salad. It was good, but not great for the prices we were paying. Just as an example the Cuban sandwich is $15...I think I paid $6 out $7 for a really good Cuban sandwich in Miami. Sad to say I probably will not be going back.
4	We have been to this restaurant twice now. The first go-round was due to a Groupon that we purchased in order to try out new places in our area. The more recent time was within the past week and I have to say that the second trip was more memorable than the first.  The first trip we decided to order our own dishes and have some Sangria. Everything was tasty, service was good, and the place has a fun ambiance to it with a porch / patio like feel but indoors. This second trip we had the better idea of sharing the tapas sampler plate and adding on a meatball tapas plate. The sampler comes with a great mix of the individual tapas plates they offer and gives you the chance to try a whole bunch of items all at once and really determine what you enjoy and what you don't, so you'll be better informed on future visits. The meatballs were a great addition to this plate and would have been a great option in general!Our server was very friendly and checked back in on us regularly to ensure we were doing well. The food came out pretty quickly and it was easy to sit and enjoy the place while we waited.Overall: AOrder the tapas sampler plate - if you're super hungry, add another small tapas plate. Get some Sangria. Enjoy!
4	Every time I come to Havana Cafe, it's a great experience.  The service is always quick and efficient and the food is always excellent.  A few of the dishes that I love are the Ropa Vieja, the Picadillo, the Pollo Ajillo, and their sandwiches.  Their tapas are always worth trying too.  Dessert?  To die for.  I'd definitely recommend Havana Cafe to my friends.
1	I made a special trip to go to the Havana Cafe to buy food for my mother who was just put into hospice care. Imagine my surprise when I arrived at 3:30pm and was told that I could not order off the lunch menu because the kitchen was switching to dinner service. I pointed out that the front door has a sign stating lunch is served until 4pm. The hostess got the manager who refused to allow me to order off the lunch menu. I suggested they change their lunch hour to end at 3:30 instead of 4pm so this wouldn't happen to anyone else. As far as the food, I am Hispanic, and my food makes this food taste like fast food. I only went there for convenience. What a huge disappointment!
5	Food here is great pretty much everything on the menu is delicious they even have Portuguese beer the desert was very yummy  the waitress was very friendly will be back again
4	Going to start this one with 4 Stars because we only had Tapas and didn't have any of the delicious looking entrees. We went there for Happy Hour on a Sunday. What time is Happy Hour on Sunday? How about this; ALL DAY 4-9p!! Such a wonderful waitress that seemed thrilled to be working there and knew the menu in and out. Why? Well because she was Spanish. I haven't been to a Cuban Restaurant before and always assumed Cuban Food was Cuban Sandwiches, well that's Cuban Fast Food. Cuban Cuisine is more like Spanish Food with their own Island Twist! Also very similar to Puerto Rican Food with a slightly different twist as well.Some awesome specials on food and drink. We kept it simple with a basic Mojito that was great!!! x3 :-P We ordered some food from the Happy Hour Menu and some of their Tapas off the dinner menu. I will list them out for ease of reading. Seviche-Basic but good! Loaded with fresh fish and veggies! Frituras de Camarones-Think Shrimp Cakes/Patties with a great sauce!Calamari Frito-Calamari fried in Almond flour, crispy but not caked in batter, really the best Calamari I've ever had! Croquetas de Pollo-Delicious crispy little chicken treats with an awesome sauceYuca Frita-Great little Yuca fries with another awesome saucePastelito de Picadillo-Great little puff pastries filled with seasoned ground beefAlbondigas-Little tender balls of beef with an incredible brown gravy! Repollo Relleno-Cabbage Leaves stuffed with Chicken and veggies covered in a creamy lime sauce! Mojo de Ajo-Warm Garlicky lime and oil that is great for....Well, EVERYTHING to be dipped in! Great for bread dipping!Just a fantastic experience for us since we loved Tapas Bars in Chicago and ate our way though Puerto Rico for a Week! We will definitely go back for a Full Dinner as our mouths were watering over their Seafood and Pork dishes! Semi-Local place with a nice Island feel as soon as you walk in the door. Also take a look at their schedule for music and dancing as they clearly like to party it up there and make you feel like you're 2000 miles from Phoenix! :-) Great stuff! Thrilled we found this place. Strangely enough because we were sent to a dive bar next door and saw this and knew we needed to go back. Take the previous LOW reviews with a grain of salt. I don't like to insult other people but I will guess they're just not up to speed on what Spanish and Island food are all about. This menu was put together like Pros!
4	Nice place. Feels great to sit out and eat. The waitress explains Caribbean  food very well  recommends the best food per your request of meat. Nice place for vegetarians too. Try the veggie dishes or fish. Stay clear on the chicken, It's not flavorful.
4	(Lyrics - Barry Manilow - Copacabana)Her name was Betty, she was the ownerWith chef hat covering her hair and a chef coat pressed and fairShe would do Flambe and add some salsaAnd while she tried to be a starBo Bites always attended the barAcross the crowded floor, they worked from 8 til 4They were fun and they had each otherWho could ask for more?At the Cafe, Havana CafeThe hottest spot north of PhoenixAt the Cafe, Havana CafeFood and passion were always in fashionAt the Cafe .... they plate and ate!Havana Cafe is a long staple of the Phoenix valley and one of those gems that every foodie needs to discover!Unfortunately, for me the located is a little off since it doesn't look too appealing to the eye from the outside simply because of what's around it.  I think signage of the restaurant is fine.  My partner and I ordered based on the recommendation of the server; the Sailors Paella and the Pulled Pork.  Overall, my favorite of the night had to be the Seafood dish - a mixture of crab, clams, mussels, scallops, shrimp, calamari, and fish on a saffron rice.  The pot came out nice and warm and my first bite reminded me of some homemade meal with love!  I wasn't too crazy about the Pulled Pork, but not to say it wasn't good.  Cooked with Habenero peppers and bell peppers this dish had some pop!In the end, the service here was surprisingly very good and on top of things.  Very knowledgeable and my water was filled at all times.  The ambiance might need a little spruce up.  I'm no decor expert by any means, but I didn't care for the fake plants and the furniture was lawn chairs.  I've never been to Cuba, but if that's the idea then I would definitely have a makeover to capture the American style and flare. - Enjoy!
4	Decided to stop by here with a friend on a whim. I kept seeing groupons for it (which I didn't get), and decided...why the heck not. Very nice decor, reminded me of some of the places I visited in Florida. Immediately seated, very friendly waitress!We started with the 1lb of steamed mussels, which were very tasty! The broth was great for dipping the bread in.  Pretty great price, honestly. Then...I we shared a cup of the pumpkin soup, which is seasonal. Holy moly was it good. Creamy, pumpkiny, a little spicy. The more you ate, the more you wanted it. I could easily do a whole bowl of that with some bread and call it a night! The waitress said people would call in August for it...but it's only available now, and it goes quickly. I can see why.I had to be cliche and have the cuban sandwhich, which was very good. Side of black beans and rice with fries, nothing to complain about!Friend had the Chicharrones de Pollo (fried chicken). Pretty basic friend chicken dish made with masa rather than traditional friend chicken batter. Interesting flavor, very juicy, quite good. Washed it down with some negro modelos, and we were good to go. If I had any con to add, it would be that it was a bit pricey. For most items, if the prices were about 40% cheaper, they would be a better value. But, it is what it is.
5	WOW I was amazed with the great customer service Diane was outstanding!!! I will definately be back the food was great her Colada reminded me of my normal routine walks to the bakery for a colada or a cafe con leche in the mornings. Thanks Diane for your service!!!
4	This is the best Cuban food in Arizona in my opinion. Their tostones, and bistec encevollado are always my favorite. They also make great sangrias! The only reason I am not giving this place a 5 star is because of their pricing. We always have great service and food though.
5	Amazing Cuban food. Great service. The waitress was very nice and very helpful. The food was pretty good. Tried three appetizers. I'm not a big fan of squid so I didn't like the squid as much but that's not a diss on the restaurant. I'm just not much for squid. Other than that, really great! The coffee is so good too. :)
5	I have eaten here many times over the years but forgot to write a review before now. The service and food are always excellent. My favorite dish is the pork with beans and rice and a wonderful au jus. Fresh lime slices that just go perfectly with it. Fresh iced tea with mango. I always get a side order of the plantains too. They give you wonderful island bread for no extra charge.  I used to live in the Caribbean and know their food is authentic and very well done. Generous portions.My only complaint is that they have gotten me completely hooked on mojitos!! I had my first one there and now I just can't stop craving them. Nice toe-tapping Cuban music. Not snooty fancy but very nice casual. You feel like you're on a patio instead of in an enclosed room.
3	I have been visiting this location of Havana Cafe for 20 years now. Let me start by saying I love the food. The atmosphere ( decor, tables, wallpaper, carpet, paint) has NOT been updated in all that time. Here I am at the end of December sitting out on an enclosed patio. I was chilly and kept my jacket on throughout lunch.  My pollo Cubans was generous with black beans and rice and a citrus sauce covering the onions and chicken breast, yes I loved it. Hubby had arroz con pollo rice with chicken that he enjoyed very much. They make a killer Mojito but I didn't realize that they were only three bucks on Monday. We paid $3.75 for an ice tea! I really don't see how they can charge that! I know that in Havana, Cuba they have not updated things due to the US boycott. But that really shouldn't effect this restaurant it's time to revamp. But don't change your recipes.
1	I will not be going back because the owner would not honor my $15 groupon.  My waitress asked her 2 times and she said no.  There are plenty of great places in North Scottsdale...this is not one of them.
