1	Leanna was the photographer at a wedding I was in.  Her assistant was nice, but Leanna came in with a bad attitude.  I felt she was extremely unprofessional.  All of my family noticed how rude she was.  I saw the proofs and they were ok, but I don't think it was worth putting up with her attitude.
4	A friend and I decided to have boudoir photos taken in honor of our 25th birthdays (while we still look good, as she put it).  We were a little nervous, but everyone we encountered made us feel comfortable at every step of the way.  We had hair and makeup done by a makeup artist who works with Leanna, and she did a beautiful job.  Leanna is a no-nonsense, blunt sort of lady.  I enjoyed her a lot, and quickly identified her sense of humor.  She is clearly very talented and knows what she's doing with a camera.  We spent about 4 hours with her, (90 minute shoot each, then reviewing proofs) and we felt very comfortable the whole way through.  We told Leanna there was no rush or "deadline" in getting our finished albums, and she said it would be about 3 weeks.  It was closer to a month before I got the call that it was ready, so if you're antsy, be sure to give a date.  I LOVE the finished product, and the whole process was so much fun I'm looking for another excuse to do it.  It isn't cheap... plan on spending a few hundred dollars...(she made me look so good I couldn't stop buying pictures!) and if someone told me they could do it for less I'd be suspicious.  This isn't the sort of thing to skimp on!
5	In 2012 I committed to take better care of myself. I changed my diet and joined a boxing gym. By Jan 2013 I felt transformed and better about myself than ever before. I decided to reward myself with Boudoir pictures!  I saw numerous groupons and living social deals for several photographers around the valley. I chose Leanna first because I felt most comfortable being photographed by a woman and the living social deal was great. $99 for the shoot, hair/make-up and 1 8X10. My hair and make-up was done by an associate of Leanna's and it was incredible. I have never felt so beautiful! Leanna was so much fun. We had a similar sense of humor and I felt comfortable right away. Before I knew it I was out of my lingerie and taking pictures I had never thought I would be able to. The shoot even ran long and I never felt rushed. Now, to be honest- you're going to want A LOT more pictures than one free 8X10. I wasn't prepared to spend as much as I did (and they are not cheap), but let me tell you- they are worth every penny. I ordered a "little black book," leather bound with about 30 shots. Cut into my savings, but when the finished product came- holy cow. I was stunned- and my man was pretty pleased himself ;)This was a once in a lifetime experience and I look forward to going through my book decades from now and remembering my 20s. I'm so grateful to Leanna for capturing this time in my life.To any woman who wants to feel sexy and uninhibited- see Leanna. She knows what she's doing!
