5	I had never heard of floating as a therapy until very recently, so when Go Float Yourself opened up, I was intrigued. I have been here several times since, and can not say enough good things about this place. Being completely without distractions in a peaceful environment is worth its weight in gold, and not only is it great for introspective reasons, but it feels amazing too. I love coming here, and these ladies are absolutely wonderful. I have noticed a huge decrease in lumbar pain afterwards, which is probably due to some spinal realignment as you float, weightless in the water. I highly recommend trying it out, if you never have.
5	I have to say I'm not the type of person who would normally try something like this, but some friends talked me into it and I'm glad they did. First off, I thought it was going to be the equivalent of floating in a personal hot tub with some epsom salts mixed in. Which sounded nice. Hot tubs are nice. A private one sounded relaxing. But beyond that I didn't really understand what was so special about it.About 15 minutes in, after getting over the swooshing the water around stage, I began to relax. That's when I learned what was in fact so special about this. When I relaxed and focused on my thoughts, my mind began to light up. My memories were the most clear and vivid I've ever experienced. Very visual. It was like dreaming while awake. Sounds a bit crazy, I know, but it's what happened. After that, the time flew by and it ended before I wanted it to.All this came as a surprise to me. I didn't expect it. When people told me about the float pods it seemed like they mainly focused on the physical benefits, relaxing and relieving pains and whatnot. But to me, the mental experience was far greater than anything.I thought about it after and realized just what I'd experienced. The pod itself is all about sensory deprivation. Ear plugs and silence, so your mind doesn't have to process much hearing. Pitch black so your mind doesn't have to process sight. The water temperature is set to skin temperature, and the salt makes you float, so there is very little physical feeling. This leaves all that extra brain power, that's usually going to process the outside world, to your thoughts and memories. It's really fascinating.We went opening week and got to talk with the owners. They're a mother and daughter team with their first small business. They were really down to earth and it was obvious they cared a lot. Everything was clean and well designed, felt very comfortable. I'm always happy to support local independent places run like this. All around a great experience.
5	First time floating, and I've got to say.... I'm tremendously addicted. Everyone must float!
5	I strip down and shower. I queue up some binaural beats on my phone and plug it in. I step into the silky fluid that envelopes my ankles. I turn around, close the pod and lay down in the salty solution, allowing it to caress my body. I turn off the soft glow of blue and am now in complete blackness. I lay my head back and the binaural elixir of sound enters my brain through the water melodically reducing my waves to that of theta quicker than I could have on my own. I find it impossible to sink as I relax into a complete surrender of suspension. I haven't felt this safe since the womb. Over the past two years I have developed the ability to never experience the feeling of boredom. I relish in the opportunity to be alone and in complete stillness. This experience is the epitome of stillness and serenity. I could hear the background frequencies in my phone creating the sounds. After about 30 minutes, my binaural beats fade and I am now experiencing complete and utter silence, other than my breath, heart beat and bubbles traveling throughout my body. I am seeing multidimensional patterns of light in the form of complex geometry. At times I can't tell if I'm laying down or standing up. I feel as though I am engulfed in the matrix of love and am floating effortlessly in the ether of the universe. I see stars. Every slight movement I make feels exaggerated and my sense of time is fleeting. I am in a pure state of relaxed bliss. I laugh several times as a reaction to a total sense of peace. I am grateful, it is the feeling of beauty. I could have stayed here all night. The lights come on and the filters kick in signaling my time to exit the pod. I have a difficult time standing as my sense of balance and gravity are eluding me. As I showered I felt myself swaying with the cosmos. Unbelievable. One of the most profound experiences ever. If I owned a pod, I would start and end my day with this practice. I highly recommend this to everyone. In fact, if we had as many of these faculties as there are superficial tanning salons, the world would most certainly be a better place. Thank you.
5	Easily the best money I've spent in a long time. I've done a lot of research on sensory deprivation for over a year now and I've found the right place to do it in Las Vegas! Completely relaxing first session, I wish would've floated longer. As someone who is a workaholic, and has a lot of back, neck, and leg pains I wasn't expecting to feel like a brand new person, but I can honestly say I've never felt better. I most definitely am returning for many more sessions, and recommend everyone to try floating. John helped me out and answered every question I had. Amazing experience all around.
