4	First to review! Yay.So this is the first bridal shop i have been to. My cousin had made an apointment here cause she is getting married next year! So as her MOH, I and her bridesmaids accompanied her. The people here were really nice. Maybe to us because my cousin is such a sweet girl and a nice bride.The changing rooms were quite small so we couldn't go in there to help her put each dress on, but the girls that worked there did that. Also it is one general area with the mirrors and stuff, so everyone sees you with the different dresses. The girls kept asking us to pick out dresses for the bride to try on, she ended up trying about 10 dresses.I think she found the one she wants though, and it is beautiful! The people working here were sweet. They have a big selection of dresses but we didn't browse through them, we just looked at the catalogue. Their shoe collection was small, but we did find some comfy ones!Not sure how their pricing is though...
5	I don't care that my dress was "off-the-rack". My dress was the $^!*. I would have gotten my bridesmaids dresses there as well, but they didn't have the colors I was looking for. The staff was EXTREMELY helpful. I went there for the first time on a Saturday of all days, by myself and the salesperson was nice enough to help me pick out dresses to try own, help me into and out of dresses, AND take pictures for me - even though they were super busy and she was pregnant! I found "the one" on that visit, but was still hesitant as it had been my first visit, without anyone I knew there for input, so I waited to scope out more places in town. But, I just kept coming back. The girls who worked there soon knew me by name - even though I had yet to buy my dress. I highly recommend David's Bridal, at the very least for a starting point, because why spend over 2 grand when you can put that towards other things? I have expensive taste, so I did end up going with a dress in their Oleg Cassini line (they didn't have their Vera Wang line yet) - and it was HOT! If I hadn't told people I had gotten my dress at David's Bridal, they never would have known.
5	The girls here are friendly and greet you right away. I've had excellent service here. I was skeptical to come here due to the horror stories but the salespeople are really friendly, willing to help, and took pics of me in my dresses. The dresses are affordable and look decent. I haven't bought anything yet. This was the first bridal store I have been to and I want to check out more places but might come back here if I don't find anything.
1	Stopped in a few days ago looking for a dress to wear to dinner on a cruise. I have lost over 50 lbs (still plus size) and  I advised the young lady that I wasn't sure what size that I wear now. I was interested in short as opposed to the long dresses and  she showed me where the short dresses were then walked away. I was lugging around 6 dresses to try on and finally someone offered to show me to a dressing room. No mirrors in the dressing room (uuggghhh) and no one to help zip me up. All were more concerned with the brides to be trying on dresses. There were a few sales ladies standing around and not one offered to assist. I saw a dress pictured on a wall display and I questioned if that was in stock. I was totally ignored. Needless to say I left out and will not be back. I ended up at Nordstrom's where I was helped to determine my size (16) and the proper dress for my body type. I was so excited that I bought 3 dresses. 2 words to David's Bridal. CUSTOMER SERVICE ; to all
4	I'm giving this place 4 stars because the service that I got here was great.  I must note that I just started my wedding dress hunt, and David's Bridal was my first store to stop in.  I still have not purchased yet because I haven't found the one, but I may return to David's Bridal just to see if they have a few dresses I saw on the website to try on. My wedding consultant was Brittany, and she was very delightful and helpful.  Before trying on a few dresses I liked that they had provided a bustier and a fit and flare slip to make the dresses poof out when you tried them on and I don't wear heals, so she gave me that too. The setting of looking at yourself in the mirror and those that accompany you though wasn't the best set up.  We were kind of stuck in the corner because there was another bride trying on dresses as well.  The privacy and intimate moment of finding "the dress" would make an easier sell for the store, thats just my suggestion.  Oleg Cassini and Very Wang collection was great to have to look though, and having a wedding consultant that is picking up on your taste is important.  I didn't pull very much dresses off the racks because they do no justice when your browsing through tons of plastic bags.  Luckily, my friends and Brittany did it for me.  Otherwise, I may of only tried on 2 dresses.  Great starting point.  I'll update if I do end up purchasing.
1	This was the WORST service I have ever seen in my entire 30 years on this planet earth! I walked into the door thinking was going to buy the dress to wear to the man I am going to marry.  A dress that would be in my pictures memories and closet forever boy was I mistaken.  I figured since my bridesmaid already bought her wedding dress and her bridesmaid dress there and I was on the mailing list and receive emails from them daily that this should be an excellent place a place I could trust for good service and good quality items. WRONG!  I was accosted at the door no longer felt free to walk any further by a blonde woman a desk. She said "Do you have an appointment?!" pretty much saying don't walk any further if you don't have one. I said no I didn't know I needed one to browse.  She said yes you do ma'am and you need a consultant. I said really? and she called another woman over to "DEAL" with me because she needed to help another customer who HAD AN APPOINTMENT.  The other lady asked me when my wedding was.  I told her the end of June she said we might be able to squeeze me in. I said listen I just want to look at a couple of dresses today is that ok? She said yes but to be able to try on any I needed an appointment and a consultant.  I said I'm sorry I don't understand a requirement of buying a dress at your business is an appointment and a consultant because. I DO NOT WANT A CONSULTANT and I feel like you are pressuring me to have one.  What's going on in here? She said no it's not a requirement but without one there isn't any dressing rooms available for you to even be able to try on a dress. I said what is this consultant a bouncer is she going to kick out all the women who didn't have appointments and scheduled a consultant.  I have never heard of such a thing.  I said you guys are dead as a door nail I can't try on some dresses with out an appointment and a consultant you have got to be F-ing kidding me! They gasped apparently that's the first time they have ever hear the F word. I have news for them if they treat people like that they are going to be hearing a lot of the F-word and it's not going to be by chef Ramsay. The next store I went to treated me like a Queen and I spent over $1,600. I am going to be looking into contacting the corporate offices this place is a joke a trap to poor women who don't know any better and heard this place is the place to find the gown of there dreams more like a nightmare of bad service by rude valley girls. Who should take a customer service class.
3	I started of with this place for dress hunting.  It was ok the service was nice my first visit there.  The selection of dresses were so-so.  Since it my first place I didn't know what to expect.  I got a dress that was on sale but it was only in ivory.  Needless to say I went for the cheap price.  Samples and the bra they give to you to first try on were dirty. Downsides if u go cheap they are all final sales, they can't hold your dress once it comes in they charge you to keep it there, u need to purchase a garment bag, and the male alterations specialist was kinda rude he kept yelling and reprimanding his assistant soo rude in front of the customer.  I gotta my perfect wedding dress and bridesmaids dresses at celebrations bridal awesome service, good samples, better looking dresses, and the alterations came out great!!! Recommend that place only because the service was awesome from start to finish.
5	Super happy with the service at this David's Bridal. Brittany, Shahinah and Giovanna were amazing. They are super attentive and great listeners. I am one of those crazy brides that can never seem to be satisfied, but the girls were amazing at listening and made me feel so much better about my wedding dress purchase! They were so amazing that I even purchased a second dress .... My reception dress! If you can choose ask for either Brittany H., Shahinah and Giovanna to assist you. They will make you feel like the most important bride ever!!
1	Started shopping at David's bridal && I can tell you it was a mess!!! Even when having an appointment I was sharing a mirror with 5 other brides.My consultant could not take the time to help me as much as I wanted due to her helping others :// oh we'll Alfred Angelo had the most perfect dress for me.
5	Omg so where do I start? I absolutely love this davids bridal,  they were so helpful, so friendly,  and made me feel very comfortable. I also loved the fact that they were all about me, and they were honest. I'm a plus size bride and it's harder finding a perfect wedding dress, they were just amazing and made me feel beautiful.  I ended up leaving the same day with a perfect wedding dress. I strongly recommend this location.
1	This place is definately more calm and professional than the other location, but scheduling an appointment here was a huge mistake. I called and asked if they did fittings for dresses purchase elsewhere and they told me they did, but I would have to wait a month for fitting, and when I got there they told me that they couldn't hem my dress because I didn't purchase it from them. I was so upset. I wasted a month of my time when I should have just gone elsewhere.
4	Big box stores get a bad rap and of course it varies from person to person, but from the time I entered as a walk-in, to the time I was out the door, everyone was nothing but pleasant.I've never tried on dresses and didn't know what to expect or what might look good. Since I was a walk in and planned to browse, I had to wait for a stylist while I looked around which was no big deal. I was checked on by a coordinator and the receptionist during that time. It's really my fault for no appointment, but I wasn't actually planning to go until I was there so waiting was to be expected. Once my consult finished up with her current brides and cleaned up, I had really good service. So they usually give you a strapless bra or shapewear and a dress slip to wear under the dresses. You can opt out, but for softer materials the slip is good to have so the dress doesnt go between your legs as you walk. My consultant was Heather C. Some of the dresses we tried were my picks and some were different silhouettes she thought might look good on me while still considering the type of tastes I have. I ended up loving a pick of mine that was my "wildcard" as I thought it was pretty, but it was more simple elegance than a more romantic and glamorous style that I thought I would go for.  It's funny that long ago, I probably would have cared so much about my dress and spending thousands on a designer one that was couture as fuck and years later my priorities have changed as I changed as a person. Truth is - no one wants to settle down with a hellcat.We were allowed to take pictures to send my mom as she lives in California and has said she wants to pay for my dress. It was a Tuesday afternoon so it wasn't busy at the mirror and a much better experience than probably a busy weekend sharing with other gals. I havent bought the dress yet, but put it in my profile. It was the 3rd dress I tried and I think it's hard to top, but I think my mom thinks its a good idea to maybe try on a few more. I got a followup call from them as well today as I checked my voicemail to make sure my experience was good. I didn't have the best expectations of the big box stores, but my gal Heather was super nice and made me feel comfortable, the other ladies were really friendly as well. It seems like all very personal type services, it varies greatly whom you are paired with. Request my consultant as she was very caring.I think I will be back very soon to order my Galina dress along with my girls to be able to see it. Will update again if I get the dress and how the entire process goes.
5	After a bad experience at the Henderson store I am so glad I gave David's Bridal another chance. I called this store about a dress I saw online and  fell in love with. I was told they didn't have it in the store but I could try on a similar dress to make sure it would fit correctly. The woman got me in for an appointment at 11am the next day.My Mom and I walked in and we were greeted by at least three people. A helpful lady took my information and made some small talk and Caroline Bello helped me find dresses. I explained to her the one I was in love with and she picked out a similar style for me to try on which laced up in the back. She was so helpful throughout the entire process, wven when I said I needed to try one more style just to make sure. I ended up buying a trumpet dress which was so incredibly flattering for my body type than the A Line one I was in love with. Caroline was incredibly patient and cheerful even though she had to completely lace up two dresses. The dress I chose wasn't in my size, but there was one in California which I purchased over the phone. It arrived sooner than I was expecting and it's absolutely perfect! I found some shoes I just loved which happened to be a size too big, but Caroline struck again and tracked them down and had them held for us at another store in town.I am so happy with this store, the employees, my experience and of course my dress! I highly recommend Caroline, but the other employees were just as kind and helpful.
5	I could not be happier with my experience at this store! From the lady who greeted me when I called in the morning and walked in that afternoon to the manager, everyone we exceptionally supportive and genuinely excited for me!! My stylist was Caroline - a  sweetheart who helped me with my every need and even held my phone as I FaceTimed my mom. Antoinette, the alterations expert, made great changes to my dress on the spot without hesitating. I am grateful to the staff of this store for helping to make my wedding an even more special occasion than it already is!
5	You always hear so many horror stories about David's bridal and other chain bridal stores but I have to say that this David's bridal location was beyond amazing! I didn't even want to go to David's bridal but my mom convinced me that it would be a good jumping off point. 5 dresses later and my consultant found the PERFECT gown for my body (large chest) and I was completely in love. I also got the dress altered at the same location! I had a scheduling issue with my gown pickup date and when I tried to reschedule, I was informed they were booked out until my wedding date. I sadly told them id be there but that I wouldn't be able to try the dress on. 2 hours later I received a call saying that they had just received a cancellation for the next day and they wanted to know if I wanted it. 1 hour prior to my schedule time they happily worked with my schedule and I was able to pick if up, try it on and enjoy the whole experience. I cannot say anything bad about any of the employees here, I highly recommend for all brides to push the "chain store" mentality out of their heads and at least give them a visit for them to show you what they can do!
5	Tatyanna was great! Very helpful and accommodating. Made my first dress fitting easy and fun. Will definitely recommend her.
2	I have had the worst time buying a dress from Davids Bridal for my wedding and I will never, ever recommend them to anyone.It started with signing up to make an appointment and save my favorite styles.  I asked not to be put on any type of mailing list and I did not want to receive any advertisements or offers.  Despite choosing those options, Davids Bridal decided to not only send these unwanted emails, but they shared my information with business partners.  I then tried to unsubscribe using the link on the emails all to no avail.  The kicker was that once after I had "unsubscribed" I received an offer from Shutterfly and David Bridal that had expired almost 4 years ago!!!!  How does that even happen in this day and age with everything digital?  That is ridiculous.  One of the employees at the Store I went to was able to take me off the email list, but I shouldn't have had to resort to that in the first place.When I went in for my first appointment to find and try on dresses, I was told that the store had me down for a different time and that they were too busy.   I luckily printed my confirmation email for the time I selected.  So their website double booked a fitting on a Saturday morning.  Due to this and the store being incredibly busy, I received almost no assistance in picking out and trying on dresses.  My friend that came with me helped me to grab the dresses and helped me to dress and undress.  So much for having an assistant that day to help me. With the help of my friend, I was able to narrow down the dresses to just a few but wasn't sure which one I wanted so I made another appointment to bring my mom and sister in.  After deciding on the dress I wanted (with my mom and sister there), we went up to the front to pay for the dress.  After mentioning and showing a coupon I received for attending a bridal show, the sales girl still did not apply the discount and had to re-ring the sale.  The dress was finally ordered and I was told it would take about 5 weeks to come in.  I thought that was no big deal.I received a phone call that my dress was in and that I could come pick it up.  When I got to the store and they pulled out the dress, I discovered that the salesgirl ordered not only the wrong style of dress, but the wrong size as well.  I spoke with the store manager heather and she assisted in re-ordering the dress.  She did give me a $50 discount, but only after I had to remind her of the sale that was going on at the time I ordered the dress and the coupon I had.  It also was going to take another 5 weeks to come in.  That's fine, though getting close to the wedding.Last week I received a phone call that my dress was in and that I could come pick it up.  I came in to the store and thankfully the dress was the correct style and size, however after trying it one, it was glaringly obvious that the embroidery was snagged in places and especially along the neckline where it was very visible.   So now the store has to re-order my dress AGAIN!!  The supervisor on duty apologized and helped me in re-ordering it, but said it would take another 5 weeks.  I told her that is unacceptable as I have to get the dress in time to do alterations.  She was able to get it ordered in about 2-3 weeks; however, I shouldn't have to even be worried about it since I originally ordered my dress so far I advance.  The only redeeming quality of this store is that all of the ladies I have dealt with have been very sweet and apologetic.  If you insist on buying your dress from Davids bridal, do yourself a favor and order far earlier than you think you will.  What can you expect from the Walmart of wedding dress stores?
5	Thank you, thank you!!! I wasn't sure i wanted to do a chain store for my wedding gown but the minute i walked through the door every person there made me feel like a princess! My dress was breathtaking and the whole process was easy and made my stress level zero.  You guys went above and beyond when you called with a personal congrats a few days before my wedding and again with a nice hand-written note after my wedding. I never expected that from a chain store. Im thankful for everything each of you did to make my special day that much better!! Ladies of Arroyo Crossing David's Bridal; YOU ROCK!!!
5	the most 100% guaranteed best customer service i ever beeen too ! they know how to keep a customer smile and have an entertaining  day, especially they're team! love them. thank you guys so much! keep up the good work! I most definitely recommend to others
1	Horrible experience at this location. Once we told Jayna our budget she immediately told us "not to look here or there bc you can't afford it" That put me off a little bit but maybe she was helping stay in our budget? She (Jayna) tells me repeatedly that she has a beautiful dress with a bow on the bottom blah blah blah flash forward we never seen the amazing dress with the bow in my price range.  my mom had to find me a veil and shoes bc Jayna forgot to when I came out in my dress. My mom had to undress and lace my corset up, Jayna kept sending me out half buttoned or strings open, and that was bugging my mom who wanted a full view before purchase. Overall, I feel like Jayna  was tired and didn't want to help us thoroughly because it was towards the end of the night. I feel extra sad about the experience because my Mom and mother in law to be we're visiting from California and it should've been an amazing moment for the three of us.Also, I feel I should add: upon going to the Sahara David's Bridal they pulled my favorites and history. Mine was blank, Jayna didn't write the #'s of my 2 favorite gowns :( so sad considering we spent a couple hours looking/trying on gowns. Ultimately we ended up starting over.
1	Don't go to this location. I spent $30 on a flower girl headpiece (which I could have bought on Etsy for $10) and they refused to give me a box. Even though I had just bought two of the same headpieces at the Henderson location and they gladly gave me two cute pink boxes. This location said they had the same boxes but just couldn't give me one because they are only for the rhinestone headbands. Really??? If you are going to David's Bridal, go to the one in Henderson, they are much more friendly and the store is much bigger and more welcoming.
5	I had a wonderful experience at David's Bridal, especially due to my consultant Tatyanna!  My family and I came in on a Saturday morning and practically had the entire store to ourselves.  Tatyanna admitted it was a little slower than usual, but it couldn't have worked out better because I had about 6 family members with me and we took up half of the dressing room area.  Fortunately, no one needed the room at the time and everyone at DB made us feel welcome.  I was surprised that I actually found and bought a dress on my first trip there (or anywhere to look at dresses), but Tatyanna made the whole experience so easy and painless.  We quickly narrowed down what silhouettes looked best on me, and then she pulled dresses on my wish list as well as ones I hadn't seen before.  She was professional but also so friendly that I immediately felt comfortable and glamorous.  I appreciated her advice and her patience when my MOH arrived late and wanted to see me in my top two picks (multiple times!).  I've been to the Sunset DB before as a bridesmaid and I can say it was uncomfortable and irritating; had it been this location, I'm sure I would have had a blast.  This is the best DB in Las Vegas, and I can't recommend it enough!
