3	This one's ok but you really need to be aware of your surroundings because there are so many strange people here- druggies, tired as hell looking people. The selection of food is good. Not well-maintained. A security guard is at the door. The parking lot is a mess- the lot is adjacent to Burger King.
3	You can never go wrong with 99 Cents. Fill your cart and you pay only 20 dollars. Basically you can find anything from food, to cleaning supplies to electrical stuff. You can get name brand products too once in a while.I personally don't love this particular store (Charleston-Maryland). First of all, the store can get a little disorganized and dirty. Second, the employees speak little or no English at all. And lastly, they do get a lot of homeless, strange, and drugged people that makes me a little scared to shop there.
5	Has the best holiday decorations for only 99 cents! Also has great pet supplies! Can't beat it!
3	If you need veggies like lettuce, tomatoes, cucumbers or carrots, this place can't be beat. If you need pop chips, this place can't be beat, if you need batteries, cleaning supplies or first aid supplies this place can't be beat. But, if you need to go to a store without fear of being stabbed or being harassed for money in the parking lot, stay away.
4	The 99cents store has come leaps and bounds from five to ten years ago. Now they carry good batteries, medicine cabinet stuff like cotton balls, Colgate toothpaste, Monster energy drinks, tons of quality candy to name some items. When you get near a holiday they are your go-to for decorations, for your work desk or for things like green hats and ties for St Patty's day. For Halloween forget it, they really step it up! We scored some dope masks for...you guessed it, $0.99 ($1.06 after stupid tax).The latest thing I saw was them getting were tons of fruits & vegetables. This is awesome if you juice, you will save so much $! Only place I know where you can get a fat avocado for a buck! We were just at Albertson's and they were ON SALE for $4 for 2! And didn't even look at good! I did notice that it appears the more underprivileged the area, the better your fruit & veggie selection.They really have so much to offer and are worth a stop to see what you can get there instead of Walmart to help pinch a few pennies. Why spend more than you have to, right?
4	They always have the most interesting of things all just for a dollar. it's like a yard sale from the 60 year old granny down the street who sells things kids throw over her fence... Except 99 cents only stores actually have things you want. I always come here before I go to Von's or Walmart.
1	Small and ghetto. What more can I say. You will be bum rushed by panhandlers if the shirt your wearing looks clean and you are clean shaven. Area is sketchy so bring your glock!!
