1	I wanted to like this place.  I really did.  I thought they had a cool Web site.  The whole idea seemed cool.  It was less than a mile from my place.  I was wrong. How did I find this place?  I was looking for a take out menu on Fuel Pizza's site and thought it would be cool to go there.  I should have known better - it's affiliated with Fuel Pizza, which I think is gross as well.  I went there with a friend of mine on a Saturday night.  8PM.  I was expecting it to be packed.  It wasn't.  So, we were at least promptly seated and the hostess brought over chips and salsa.  The salsa was the highlight of the night.  It had chipotles in it.  Really good.  Chips - sucked.  Stale.  No taste.  The waitress finally shows up 10 minutes later to take our drink order.  I order a margarita - when in Rome, right?  I asked for a regular margarita.  I got a look of disgust from her and the response "just a regular margarita?".  That's right - attitude up-sold me nothing.  10 minutes later, we get our drinks.  Seriously people, if there were 10 other people in the restaurant, I would have been shocked.  I got the water I asked for 5 minutes later, then she took our order.  The margarita tasted like Gatorade powered mix with tequila.  Gross.I ordered the chicken mole tacos.  I should have known better.  Who orders mole at a place that you already knew was crappy?  This guy does.  Guess what?  They were crappy.  Rice was fine, but I don't really like Spanish rice.  The black beans were OK.  I got a side of guacamole.  Wow - that had a lot of salt.  I picked up the check for my buddy and I.  Thankfully, the damage to a crappy meal was only $30.  However, I am not going back.
4	Unpretenious and comfortable with outdoor seeting and a laid back attitude, Jolina's will make you happy when you're looking for some tasty tex-mex that's a step above Chipotle - now remember - I love Chipotle - but when you're looking for a full bar and a little more variety - Jolina fits the bill.
2	Trust me. I am from Texas and know what Tex-Mex and Mexican food should taste like. Jolina's aint it.The food is okay, but if you are looking for trueTex-Mex or authentic Mexican food, stay away. You will be disappointed. I was!!
3	Jolina caught me off-guard.  Knowing that it was owned by the same company that runs the casual Fuel Pizza, I expected that I was walking into a "fast-food" Mexican restaurant like Qdoba, Moe's, or Chipotle.   The decor inside Jolina was very nice inside (a little more upscale than I was expecting), the lighting created a certain quiet mood, and I realized that my expectations were wrong.  Suddenly, I'm being sat at a table where I'm told a server will be joining me to take my order!  This was at lunchtime, so I was not expecting table service, but rather someplace I could step up, order, take my food, and find a nice spot to sit to eat it.  The food was good, but $10 for lunch (before drink, tax, and tip) was a little more than I was planning on spending at a place where the logo is a woman in a cowboy hat!  And the service that day wasn't that great.  For how slow it seemed in the restaurant, it took a long time to get refills on our iced teas and our check at the end of the meal.  It's a good thing I was off from work and not on a lunch break.  With the unexpected table service and then that service being slow, I would have had to take my food to go!  I wouldn't write Jolina off my list, but I'd return for dinner instead, as it has more of that sort of feel to it.  Plus, for dinner, the prices seem a lot more reasonable.
3	Jolina is OK, but I always leave pretty unimpressed with the food and the service. The Tex-Mex barbecue entrees I've had there are not good. Stick with the Mexican lunch specials, like the steak tacos or a burrito, which come with rice and beans. It's fairly cheap compared to other uptown lunch spots, but it's a sit-down restaurant, so after you tip, your meal probably costs $10-$12. One bright side is that it's generally pretty quick, which is important when you're on a lunch break.
