1	First trip to El Tataki.  Atmosphere is trendy and nicely laid but, but feels unfinished and somewhat confused.  For example, white linens, polished concrete floors and walls,  great mix of music at a great volume for conversation, but 5 TVs playing football.  Are you trendy and a bit upscale or a sports bar?  Also, a giant heater laying on the floor and a neon open sign hanging from a nail in the ceiling with an extension cord running down the window make it feel like it is just unfinished.  The food looks a bit messy.  My wife ordered shrimp tacos.  They were supposed to be just shrimp and pico  de gallo.  The tacos were a mess of chopped shrimp and sauteed pico de gallo.  Pico should not be cooked and shrimp should not be chopped in a taco.  The tacos were served with fried rice which was crunchy salty yet lacking any real flavor.I ordered a California roll, spicy tuna roll, and BSCR roll (a California roll with baked scallops on top).  I ate on piece of the california roll and stopped.  The rice was not sushi rice, the filling was pasty and tasted of mayonase.  The paper was tough and old as though the roll had been made the prior day.  If they can't get a california roll correct, I'm not gonna try the tuna.Overall, we left our meal unfinished and will not be back.  Very disappointing as the concept is very cool and the menu looks like it should be good.  Oh well.  Maybe they will make some changes and improvements to the quality and presentation of the food and we'll try again in the future.
4	I have been there several times...my favorite is the Mexican roll...has just the right kick.  The location and atmosphere are great. The wait staff is very attentive and friendly.  I am working my way down the menu and so far I have no complaints only good things to say about El Tataki!  I highly recommend this place!
5	El Tataki is my new favorite Sushi/Mexican infusion restaurant! I love the the music, people are awesome and fun, food is outstanding! Need a cool place to go hangout....this is your place!
5	The atmosphere, service and food is great here.  I have been here 3 times already and have tried different things each time.  The food is amazing and so many great flavors.
5	Came here just by chance and it was great I had the cielo mar y tierra roll and my wife had the tres quesos roll.  Service was great and we will be back again.
4	This place has a great concept. You can get a burrito and a sushi roll in one stop. The food was good and the waiter was attentive and nice. I wish they had some type of happy hour menu for lunch or something and they need to get horchata!
4	From the moment I walked in the door I was greeted by very friendly and welcoming service, the waiter took the time to ask if I had any questions about the menu and to recommend a few items. My drink order was taken very promptly and i was offered complimentary miso soup that was to die for. I decided to try a new roll tonight I went with the "Culichi Roll" the plate was very presentable and I was highly pleased with the flavor. Truly do recommend this new restaurant if your in the mood for sushi or Mexican food. Will definitely be returning with more friends :)
4	Came here tonight with some friends and so glad we did! It wasn't a busy night for them, I don't know if it's just because it's a weekday or in a bad location. But anyways, service was great the entire time we were there. No complaints at all, and thanks to our waiter for being so patient and giving us recommendations. We got 5 rolls for 5 people and we were stuffed. Here's what we got: (I might have forgotten some names...)Guamuchilito Roll- SO GOOD!Gila Monster Roll- Very good, too rich to eat the whole roll by yourself thoughMileno Roll- Ehh...It's alright. Didn't know what I was eating really, and too cheesyVegas Roll- SO GOOD!Mexican Roll- Good, a little spiceyThe Vegas and Guamuchilito were my favorite tonight!!! MMM yummy rolls :)Their credit card machines wasn't working, so they had to call it in, so it took a while for them to check us out, but we weren't in a hurry anyways. Also, it would be nice if they offer happy hour..I would go much more often! :)I would definitely recommend this place! Go give it a try!
1	Terrible service. Not a busy night and the waitress took for ever to take out orders. Waitress did not no what alcohol was served. Waitress was rude, owner was rude.
5	My two friends and I are big sushi fans. I have to admit we were skeptical about a Mexican Sushi place. Well, the rolls were very good, very fresh, and well made. We each ordered a couple rolls and shared, all of them were really good. We also tried the Mexican food, a taco and a burrito and both were very good. The carne asada was awesome and our waitress suggested the adobado sauce on the carne asada. It was darn good.Our waitress Selena was very friendly and provided excellent service. We are really looking forward to going back.I would highly recommend this place to anyone!
5	This place is legit. Best sushi I ever had. Friendly staff and engaged owners. I will be back. Tomorrow!
3	Interesting concept for dining. Friendly waitress.  Fried sushi was interesting but good. Music nice touch but too loud for dinner atmosphere.
1	The restaurant was empty an hour after the football game. This is a bad sign. We waited 30 min for our food. Our food was cold. One member of our party did not receive his meal with the remainder of the group. When the group complained the server said "the cook is new and is messing everything up."  We paid for our drinks and left. Worst service ever. Horrible food. Several other parties walked out as well. Do not waste your time. Walk across the street to Gordon Biersch.
1	Traffic was bad after the game. Decided to wait it out at this restaurant in the mean time. I would advise to just stay in your car or walk across the street to Gordon. Took an hour to get food and only got asked if we needed a round of beer once. My dad never even received his food. I understand when it's busy but the restaurant was almost empty. Upon receiving the food it was all ice cold. We told the gentlemen to take it all back and he said the cook is screwing everything up tonight. We told him to bring our check and we weren't  paying for this garbage. Another server dropped off the check and didn't say a word about the crappy food or service. A lot of the restaurants on this side of the road are out of business this one will be close behind. There were many others that got up and left with no management intervention.
4	Very cool fusion sushi place!  Good food and good service. Definitely worth the stop.
4	There are two Mexican sushi places I want to try and this was one of them. The decor inside the restaurant seems nice and our waitress was punctual. We ordered the Mexican roll, Milena roll and some calamari tempura.The calamari was ok. The Milena roll and Mexican roll were really good. The Mexican roll has some spice to it. The Milena roll was very filling because first, it was breaded and deep fried. Second, it had avocado, bacon, chicken and shrimp among other vegetables. I loved the sauce. It was a tangy spicy mayo.The price is above $10 for each roll so be prepared for that. I will try the other place soon and see how that goes as well. But for now, if you are in West Gate area and want some Mexican sushi, head on over there. Or traditional sushi rolls... we didn't order those, but they are also there if you want to order them.
1	Visited for the first time today... Stopped in today for a couple California Rolls. Was in a rush to get back home for an online training class so I asked for them to go. Got home & they'd only given me the rolls. NO ginger, wasabi or anything. It occurred to me that perhaps this being a spot with sushi variations that perhaps they don't have it but I called anyway to ask. Server said that they DO have it, but only if you're dining in. :-0 I guess she heard the disappointment in my voice so she offered to pack some up if I wanted to come back. So we drove back & got the Ginger, Wasabi & Soy. Finally got back home & ate. Utterly disappointed. The nori was soggy & like, wilted & the flavor was more pungent than I've had before & because the rice was bland it really stood out. The wasabi was also horribly bland. No bite at all - the ginger had more punch than the wasabi! I always thought it was difficult to screw up a California roll, but I guess I was wrong! Some of the other menu items looked interesting though so I'm willing to trust that I just ordered too simple & am willing to try again with one of their specialties. That said - I won't make an effort to go again because the service sucked. I REALLY hate being inconvenienced for something I'm paying for.
1	Use to be a small business fan of this place but our waitress(salene) was too busy flirting with the other customers to help us. The owner is related to her so our complaint went unresolved.  I've spent too much money there to be treated so disrespectfully.  Will never go back!
5	So I sit down and get an ice cold dos xx to get started after a stressed out day. My day was already getting better. The miso soup was delicious, The bartender recommends a roll called "limon roll" and it was like he knew my taste buds. AMAZING!!!!!!! This roll didn't need Anything else, no soy, no sauce, no nothing. I get another beer, drink a glass of water, and I was on my way. Good experience I recommend this place to anyone that likes sushi or Mexican food (the tacos looked good) lol
