5	I finally found an Auto Repair Shop that I think I can trust!  These guys were great!!  I received a coupon in the mail from them for a free brake check.  I decided to use it.  I was expecting to get some bull about how everything was bad and how it would cost me an arm and a leg to repair but just the opposite.  They spent about 20 minutes checking my brakes and told me everything looked fine.  While up on the lift they noticed a small nail in my tire, showed it to me, and asked if I would like it fixed NO CHARGE.  The owner told me it was his way of saying thanks for stopping by and that he hopes to see me again in the future.  Sorry that I don't remember the owners name but if you read this thanks again for the great job :)
5	I went to this location when it was owned previously by the Weavers, and I'm very glad that Andy is just as honest as they were.  The prices are very fair, he does excellent work, and its a quick turnaround.  I'd very highly recommend him.
5	I've been going in to this place ever since Andy, the present owner, took over.  I was getting an alignment next door and needed an oil change so they recommended him.  His prices are fair, they know what they're doing and he is completely honest!  For the first few months I was heading in to do routine oil changes on my personal car as well as one of my company vehicles.  The service is always prompt.  Since then I have had some more extensive work done on my Lexus (truck tires, Lexus tire rods replaced) outside of just the oil changes.  The best thing I could say is that I brought my car in one time when the engine light came on.  Andy came out to greet me and right away hooked up the diagnostic thing (I'm a car idiot).  It came back and said I have a leak somewhere in my system.  To me that sounded bad and had a $1,000+ scary thoughts in my head.  He said it is one of 2 things.  Either there is a hose leaking somewhere which could be a tiny hole and you can imagine the fun that would be to find and fix (and then pay for), or he said it could just be that the gas cap was not sealing properly anymore.  He recommended that before anything else I go around the corner to the auto parts store and buy a new gas cap for $12 and see if that works.  he reset the computer to turn the check engine light off and away I went to get the cap.  Thankfully that was exactly what the problem was!  He could have been like a lot of guys out there and tried screwing me but he is honest and understands that a long term relationship is worth way more than one job!  If you need a shop to do some work give him a try and you will not be disappointed!
5	Awesome shop.  Great service,  Great prices,  Great people.  Have gone to the shop a few times for a few issues with my car.  They were able to fix everything that I had problems with and offered great prices.  It makes me feel very comfortable knowing I'm getting taken care of and I'm not getting taken for a ride.  (No pun intended) The best part of this shop is I hadn't been there I'm a year and when I walked in today the owner remembered my name.  It's a nice feeling to know I'm not just another client but a valued customer.  Keep up the great work 29th Street Auto.
5	My boyfriend and I just moved here from Los Angeles. I had some rattling or metal grinding noises when I would accelerate my Subaru. Andy and his team worked on my car for an hour, diagnosed the problem and fixed it. On my boyfriends end, his air conditioner went out in his Hyundai and this was also fixed within the hour. The cost was beyond reasonable. The guys were super professional, but even more importantly we trust and value the work. Very pleased to have found a reputable auto shop that we can turn to whenever maintenance is required. Thanks 29th St Auto!
5	GREAT guys!!!  I've been coming here for a couple years now and happy to say that the service is still top notch!! My a/c stopped working and I feared the worst.  Luckily it was just a small leak and quick fix and charge. Thanks again Andy you have earned my trust :)
