5	As someone how was terrified of the dentist, I was VERY pleased with my visit with Dr. Kim.  He was very kind and gentle and most importantly, he was HONEST.  I went to 2 different dentist on 2 different occasions and came to Dr. Kim for a 2nd opinion.  Both times he was knowledgeable and straightforward and ended up saving me thousands of dollars in dental work that I didn't need.  Needless to say, he won't be my 2nd opinion any more.  He'll be my first and only!
5	I cannot even say how much I love this place. I am terrified of the dentist and they are so clear and go over every possible option and every possible step they are going to go through to take care of you. I had to get a crown and possible root canal and had ZERO pain! I even watched a movie on sunglasses while they did my work! They are so upbeat and positive, and all of the staff is incredible. They get to know you and have incredible customer service. Dr Kim is my absolute favorite. I will never be anxious about the dentist again and refer this place to anyone that will listen.
1	My daughter has been a patient here for years and I have always been happy. I decided to get a cleaning myself. After explaining that I was pregnant and would not be getting x-rays, the office went ahead and scheduled me for a new patient cleaning and said it would be no problem. Once I arrived they tried to get me to agree to x-rays I even overheard them say it was only like being in the sun! When I refused they turned me away for a cleaning. They need x-rays to try to rip you off by saying you need more dental work then you do. I will no longer be taking my daughter here. How dare they suggest putting my baby in risk of radiation just so they can try to make an extra buck!
1	This place over charge, and they will recommend unnecessary procedures to run up the charges. As a person who have worked in a dental industry for last ten years, I know the average cost and what other doctors are charging. These guys were trying to charge me close to $1,400 for a dental crown (after my dental insurance coverage). This is ridiculous amount of money they are charging. It only cost them $50-$90 fabricate the dental crown from a lab. This is almost an implant crown price. By the way, most doctors that I have known only charges $600-$800 for a dental crown (which is reasonable due to labor and overhead costs). They charge me more than $200 for simple cleaning and a couple of x-rays. I had this similar procedures done in California for $75. By the way, I had a filling done less than 2 years, and this inexperience doctor recommended me to get a dental crown, which is a major red flag. For your information, run away from the doctors who recommend, veneers, dental crowns, implants, and bleaching right away. Veneers and dental crowns are major dental procedures and will affect you permanently. For bleaching, you should not do it unless you really have bad staining. Bleaching will turn your teeth partially grey, and you will have difficulty matching your shade if you ever have to do veneers or crowns. Dentists should always recommend least invasive procedure to maintain the natural teeth.
1	My wife and I had been patients with this business since 2011-2013. I always had problems with there staff. They always tried  to bill for procedures they knew my insurance wouldn't cover over and over again. I would end up paying the co-insurance considerably higher from what they originally quoted me.     Ultimately the decision for my wife and I to leave came when she was scheduled for a filling. After the procedure as she was driving home my wife noticed a huge gash on her chin. This part of her chin was numb during the procedure so my wife never felt the dentist literally take a gash out of her face.     They never said a word to my wife after she left. I hate seeing bad reviews as most of the time it's from people that seem to be rejected food critics but with this business I have to get the word out that they lied to us and were downright unprofessional.
