5	So gotta give these guy mucho kudos. My friend and I rode our bikes up to the store for tune ups. They made some adjustments and did a great job. Corey and Randy let us test ride some new beach cruisers. We were hooked, we had to get them. We came back and they had the colors we wanted, adjusted them to give us each the perfect fit. Our bikes came with one year free tune ups as well. We got a discount for buying more than one bike. Also they gave us each free T-shirt. They have a 60 day layaway if you need it as well. Randy is great I would recommend these guys to anyone. I will post a picture of my new 3G beach cruiser later. I feel like a little girl again with my pedal brakes.
1	Not good... Had bike for 6 weeks - sent front forks out to have them "locked out" from shock because shocks were blown. When I picked up bike the shocks weren't locked - seemed just as spongy as when i sent it in and the bill was over $200 compared to the $120 I was quoted. I have called Janey (owner) 3 times and left messages now over the past few weeks with no return call. Work was performed at the Surprise location. Hate to have to resort to a poor review but my concerns have fallen on deaf ears. Guess they aren't in it for the long haul.
5	Great experience ,Randy and Gary are great! My son ,wife and I stopped in and picked up some scooter parts. Wheels, bearings and got a helmet.had a great time and got treated with great respect, Randy even talked about how important it is for my 8 year old should be wearing safety gear .we will definitely be back to buy more scooter parts.  Thank You Tom Claire and Jordan
5	My 7 year old son worked and saved for months to buy his first MGP scooter.  We took him to Build A Bike and Randy spent at least an hour helping him decide which was best and fitting him so he could be happiest.  Our son left feeling special and cool which is a difficult combination! I would recommend anyone go to Build A Bike and get the custom fit that Randy gives.
5	My son has been saving his pennies for a scooter and finally came up with enough to buy one. He service and selection was perfect. Randy spent his time explaining and making sure the scooter we picked was perfect. I highly suggest build a bike. Gonna be taking my bikes in for service soon.
