1	It was great when I first walked in, there was no line and there were 2 people helping me. It was perfect! Because I had ordered 2 foot longs, they were quick and fast.  Another customer came in behind me and they seemed to go even faster I was impressed.I was very nice and sweet to them but for some reason the lady who took care of me at the end of my order had this nasty attitude. I asked if she can cut the subs in four and I didn't hear her reply to confirm nor did I see that she cut the subs because she was quick, I asked again if she can cut them in four and she totally snapped and said "I DID" as if I was an annoying customer. I was in AWE. First of all there was no line. Second there was only 1 customer besides myself.Third, I was nothing but nice to them AND having an awesome day UNTIL she snapped.I will no longer bring my business to this subway due to this particular expirence as it was my First and now my Last.
3	After running some errands in the area, I had 10 minutes to grab lunch and get back to work. This Subway was convenient for me to swing into so I stopped for a sandwich to go. There was one customer ahead of me that was getting a toasted sandwich. I did not want my sandwich toasted, and rather then making me wait for the first customers order to be complete, as some places will sometimes do, they finished my sandwich first which I appreciated. Overall, nothing special about this place but nothing bad either. Just your standard Subway sandwich buying experience. I would probably stop back by if I was in the area and wanted a sandwich for lunch.
3	I'm not a big fan of Subway.  Unless it's February for their Febru-Any specials.  I will say though it's funny most people post negative experiences.  As is normal, we tend to remember negative experiences more as good service is always expected.    I have to say though this is your average run of the mill sub shop, nothing that will stand out and say man I love this place! But having said that, the dozens of times I've been here I've never had a negative experience unless you count them mixing onions in their lettuce who knows how many time lol but that's no biggie.     3 of 5 cause that's George W Bush... you know average... okay he had C average but you know dang well he bought that.  That's beyond the point though lol
