4	This place is close to the house with convenient hours and is clean. I think we don't have the smallest unit but it's spacious. It costs about $75. The one complaint is they make you but insurance which is not disclosed in anything we read about before going there. It's $9 a month for 2k worth of insurance which sucks.
1	My experience was not good from the day I moved into my unit. I recently reserved a storage unit and went to the storage center to complete my paperwork. At this time, I was also shown a larger unit in case I needed more space for my furniture. I told by the employee that I was still considering the larger unit, and she quoted me the price difference. She then proceeded with my paper work and asked for my license and credit card. As she handed me paper work to sign, she then told me it would only be an extra $12 to move up to the larger unit. When she told me that, I asked that she go ahead and upgrade my unit. She then told me that she could upgrade the unit but I would not qualify for any promotions that came with that unit. When I asked why, she told me it was because I was already an existing customer since my information was put into her computer. I immediately stopped signing my paperwork and told her we had not even completed the transaction, and why didn't she explain this before processing my account. She was very unapologetic for not relaying this relevant information and told me there is nothing that could be done at that point. She did give me a customer service number, but proceeded to explain that they would not be able to fix the issue either. When I contacted customer service, I was given the district office manager's contact information for assistance. I called Jack Coleman and left a voice message on his personal voicemail. I requested a call back for assistance with my unit as I knew that I would be moving in this weekend. He never called back so I placed a call to their headquarters, and was given a regional manager to contact. This person was out of the office for the next few days, and so again I left a message. This person never called back, but Jack Coleman called the next day and left a voicemail. I called his cell phone back within the hour and left a message and he never returned the call to even see what the issue was regarding.  I just thought this situation was handled very poorly from the lack of communication during my registration process to the unreturned phone call at the district level. Just a poor overall experience for a first time customer.
5	Torria was very helpful and described the property well. We decided with all the properties to go with this one because the fact she was so helpful and nice and educated in to what is expected as a tenant. The Jones
