1	I stopped here for fuel and a car wash on my way from the gym to work the other day.  My car was in desperate need of a bath, and I didn't have time to visit my favorite Cobblestone car wash in Scottsdale.  Because I did not want to continue to drive in shame, I figured a nice little rinse at the quick car wash would at least help a little.  My car is black and was so dirty it was starting to look like it had a nice gray primer coat on it.When the soapy cycle of the wash began, I noticed something flying above my car.  To my surprise, I looked up and notice several pigeons riding back and forth on the car wash "arm".  To their credit, the pigeons looked quite happy going back and forth...back and forth.  I think one of them smiled at me. (A side note...where there are birds ready to poop, they will find me somehow.  I must have a poop magnet somewhere around me because it ALWAYS happens.)I am already stuck in neutral and it's still in the soap phase of my wash.  So I sit and wait.  I count how long it takes before one of the birds craps on my freshly rinsed car.  Of course, within moments of the dryer beginning and the green light flashes, I notice a nice little white pile on the hood of the car.  To make things even more enjoyable, the dryer smears the freshly deposited prize across my hood.  After all, who wants wet pigeon poop on their car?Moral of the story peeps...if you want pigeon poop and a car wash, this is THE place to be!  I was in a bit of a hurry so I didn't ask for my money back.  However, I did make a courtesy call later to kindly remind the owners of the gas station that they have some squeaky clean pigeons living in their car wash.  They didn't seem thrilled with my sarcasm.
3	Gas is 40 cents cheaper in Arizona than California? Yes, yes it is. Motherfuckers.
3	As far as car washes without the annoying sales people is concerned, this place was okay. All the nasty bugs from my most recent road trip were cleaned off, and the dryer did its trick on my car.What was very amusing were all the pigeons and pigeon poop everywhere! Even the machine that spun had probably the largest collection of bird nests Arizona has ever seen! Pigeons were sitting here and there just enjoying themselves and completely not caring about the ruckus with the car wash machinery. Very odd. I only came here because it's down the street from Target.
5	As far as gas stations go, this one is turning into one of my favorites.  I haven't tried the car wash, but the service here is really friendly and the gas prices are lower than other places around (especially if you pay cash).  It's also near the 101 at Baseline, so it's convenient on top of everything else if you need to gas up and go.
4	Ok so this Shell Station is located in a good place. The car wash is so so, and it is good for a quick clean.   Gas pricces seem lower than most around the hood.The service is good, people are nice.  You can buy a few bits that you need inside. All good, i likey!
3	There is a price list on the pumps for cash or credit card prices but tried to use my card twice there and it freezes up so I had to pay cash. There was a sloppy sticker over the old key pad that did not work but kept flapping open when I tried to use it. Probably why my card would not work.
3	Credit price on a printed paper taped to the pump. She'll stations are set up for Frys points too. This is a station that has avoided all the upgrades. They make quick and convenience hard to do. Forget about using your fuel points of your on a hurry.
3	For a quickie, no fuss car wash, this is a decent place to go, especially if you need to fill up on gas too. It's right next to the 101 S entrance which is convenient if you're headed to the freeway anyways.I came here and drove down the pathway to the wash machine pay booth, only to discover that they only accept quarters, $1, $5, and $10. The washes were $5, $6, and $7. Naturally, the only cash I had on me were 20s, and $4.50. I sighed as I accepted my fate that this would take longer than I thought as I exited the car wash area to park and go inside to pay.Since my car had an unsightly amount of grime on it, I went for the $7. The cashier was friendly and cheerful but new on the job and initially forgot to give me change back. Once through the wash and dry, I inspected my car. Although there is still a streak of white cleaning soap left on the top of my car, the rest looks clean and free of the grime and bird poop previously encrusted on my vehicle. Overall, this place'll do if I need gas + wash and I also happen to have cash in $10s or smaller.
1	ALL HAIL PIGEON LORD!!.. Soo I drive past this Shell Station pretty often but never stopped in.  I Went here for the first time today in between classes, hoping for a quick simple drive-thru car wash.         I waited in line after four cars, only then did I check my phone and see the comment about the pigeon poop, oh well I'm already in line, it's not like I can back out with cars behind me.  It moved pretty quickly, I figured the machine would take cards like any other one.., the machine only takes cash or a code from when you bought your gas.  Darn.The car behind me had the same dilemma, we both pulled right through and parked and raced each other in to buy our carwashes from a very scratchy sketchy 'not at all on Meth' cashier, I asked for the "works" the $7 wash with extra shine. That was my mistake.. After waiting again behind another couple cars, my turn is up, I see several huge pigeons smiling down upon me, beckoning me to enter their personal bird bath. And by bird bath I mean poop bath.. Good lord!!I have a small car but leaving is such a tight turn I thought I was going to scrape the side (I didn't.). The "works" left me with suds and poop all over my back window and bumper.. Poop and Bubbles!! Well I wiped everything off as best I could, back to class, that's the last time I go there.. Wow! *I put a picture btw*
