5	I couldn't be more pleased with the job that Chad and his crew performed. Chad was delightful to work with, professional, punctual, and hard-working. The team painted a three-colored home exterior (door, pop outs and main) in a timely manner for a very reasonable price. I highly recommend them.
5	Chad painted two rooms ,closet and a bathroom for us and did a very good job. One of the rooms was a very difficult  project with heavey lines from previous painter. Chad did a very good job getting rid of all the lines. I would recommend  Chad to do any painting projects you may have.Dave H
5	I called Chad, needing a complete interior painting for a 3-bedroom 2.5 bath home.  The thing was, I needed the job completed right away as I was able to get renters moving in much sooner than planned.  Chad quoted a fair price, worked within my schedule, communicated really well with my wife and I, and he and his 2-man crew did an awesome job.  They were meticulous in their prep work - moving items as needed, uninstalling blinds and ceiling- and wall-mounted trim, covering and masking carefully, and did a great job painting.  Then they cleaned up and expertly re-installed everything.  The result exceeded our expectations!  In fact, we'll be using him again for painting accent walls at our new home.  We highly recommend Chad for any home painting needs!
5	We had a monster exterior paint job for Chad...4 different colors...the house was in terrible shape and needed extensive prep...meticulous trim work required...we had an extremely TIGHT DEADLINE...and we had awful weather with those hurricanes recently.No problem for Chad and his crew. I was astounded at their willingness to work late so the job was done...not only done, but done RIGHT...and ahead of schedule. You might think the price was higher than everyone else, too...but you would be wrong. Chad bid the job right in the ballpark with everyone else...and when I told him there was a cheaper bid he beat the lower price.So...here's the deal...great prep work, painstaking attention to detail, going the extra mile to make sure the job is done on time and correctly, and a better-than-fair price. We had never met Chad before, but we had confidence in his ability when he bid the job. Our experience justified this confidence. I recommend him 100%.
5	We are so pleased with the excellent job Chad's crew did for us! Our daughter just moved into her first home and we tried to paint ourselves. BIG MISTAKE! We called Chad and his crew came over that same week. They fixed all our mistakes, painted a giant stairway and all the ceilings. They only teased us a little bit about our painting skills and gave us some tips for next time. But... I will not waste time doing it myself again. . i will just call Chad to send his expert, kind crew out! They did an EXCELLENT job.
5	We had a rental property that needed some major painting done after a recent eviction. We had hired a property management company after the eviction, but they weren't able to manage the property until it was renter-ready to avoid potential liability issues. Living out of the area, it was extremely important to find a trustworthy company that could get the job done right the first time, and get the job done in a timely manner. We have been VERY impressed with Chad's Independent Painting. I had called Chad on a Friday, explained the urgency of getting the property painted as soon as possible, and he was able to schedule us in for the following Tuesday. He finished our 1100 sq ft property in three days. He also did some drywall repair. And the total price was VERY affordable. I had called around several companies, but they were higher priced and weren't able to schedule us in as quickly as Chad. He updated me on the progress of the home and sent me before and after pictures as well. I highly recommend Chad and his crew! :)
5	Chad did an awesome job painting our garage door.He is very professional - arrived on time as promised, has all the necessary tools and possesses the skills to do a great job.His pricing is very fair and competitive.No job to small and no job too big.I highly recommend calling Chad for paint jobs.
5	I called Chad to get an estimate for repainting the exterior of my house, after reading the great reviews on Yelp.  Chad was friendly, very punctual, offered a reasonable and fair price, and he and his crew repainted the exterior of my house in record time.  They even finished a day earlier than planned.  I am so pleased with how my house looks, and am impressed by Chad and his crew's efficiency and professionalism.  I would highly recommend Chad for paint jobs!
