4	Coming in based on a recommendation of local. Good mexican food and lots of local history on the tables...So Headquarters definitely delivered.  Steady stream of people coming in the door and the food was tasty and hearty.  I went with the largest plate I could find....the Machaca and Eggs.  A hefty scramble with shredded beef, tomatoes, onions, and green peppers served with beans and a massive tortilla all for $8.50, half of which came home with me.  Also the breakfast special was only $3.95 for egg, hash browns, toast, and I think one other item.Oh and you could have bathed a small dog in the drink cups....they're huge!  Sweet tea was very tasty.Love the history and you can tell it's a local watering hole.  Believe that the other half of the building is the actual lounge at night.  Won't have to second guess where I'll be eating next time I pass through Maricopa.Service was quick and no nonsense.(This only reviews the restaurant not the lounge)
5	Great food at great prices.  Gets very busy during peak hours.
4	Fun as a dive bar gets!! The bartenders are always nice and fast and their music machine is awesome, usually slow on the weekdays and we tend not to go in on the weekends because its loud and they have a hip hopish DJ and play a lot of spanish music
2	I've wanted to check out this restaurant for some time now.  I envisioned a vintage establishment with humble decor, home style American cuisine and decent service.I wasn't disappointed with the decor, the service was adequate but the food was not at all what I was expecting.  I ordered chicken fried steak sandwich and french fries.  What I got was a frozen breaded meat patty that was deep fried slapped on a bun and served greasy.  It was horrible.  I managed to choke it down, paid my bill, tipped appropriately and left.  I will never be back.There are a lot of Mexican entrees on the menu, maybe those are better.  For what I got it was simply too expensive.
4	I had a wonderful view of the city. Lauren provided me with a nice location. The food and drinks was good. Lauren and the bartender were great.
4	Nice dive bar, friendly staff
