4	Want to visit Africa in Phoenix? Head to 7th Ave. and Campbell for authentic West African food in a small and warm setting.Located in what could have been any one of countless styles of restaurant before becoming Bantu Bistro, this intimate eatery offers African fare that is accessible to even the most timid eaters.For starters, Bantu offers hot wings, tomato fried chicken and one other chicken dish that I cannot recall. The remainder of the menu is comprised of a variety of African stews and meat dishes that can be made with goat, chicken or beef. I had the groundnut stew (basically spicy peanut soup) with goat (per our lovely waitress's recommendation) and was not disappointed. With my stew, I chose a side of fufu (basically a mix of potatoes and cornmeal that tasted something like instant mashed potatoes without enough milk). When i put some of the soup on top of the fufu for flavoring, it became more enticing (nevertheless I might order the potatoes, rice or plantains for a side if I were to return). The goat, if you have never enjoyed this meat, was something like a tougher version of lamb. The Bistro does not list any desserts on its menu, but I did not inquire about it either. I have difficulty remembering anything on the menu that was more than $9. My friend and I had two stews with goat, a starter of tomato fried chicken and two imported beers. Our total, with tax, came to $33.Service was attentive and friendly. Upon leaving, the chef/owner (who has lived in the Valley for a number of years after moving from Africa) greeted my entire party, shook our hands and promised to provide us with a special treat (some sort of beans, he said) upon return. I'll be looking forward to it!
2	I was quite excited at the prospect of going to Bantu. I've recently been learning about African culture and cuisine and was looking forward to tasting it.I can't say I'm happy with the results.The location is decent; close enough to downtown to be convenient. Parking is plentiful.The decor is not what I would call African. More an amalgam of all previous incarnations of restaurants at this location; Mediterranean, Italian, French.The dining room is quite small. There are a few tables for four and one large raised table that seats approx. 10. The patio is quite spacious, but there is a considerable amount of traffic noise from 7th Avenue.The waitress started me off with fried plantains and a spicy sauce for dipping.The plantains tasted and felt like what I'd imagine a banana flavored potato chip would taste and feel like. Not at all unpleasant, and I ate several.The sauce, while spicy, was more reminiscent of Latin America than Africa.Still, it was a nice complement to the plantains.I ordered coconut stew with chicken, and rice. It was quite tasty, but mildly unpleasant in that the chicken was almost as much bone as meat. Other diners I was with shared that complaint.The rice was good; fluffy, properly cooked.I was quite disappointed when I ordered what the waitress said was an African beer only to learn that it was in fact a Vietnamese beer.All in all the experience was enjoyable, but the food was hardly enough to draw me back.
3	I was really excited to try Bantu Cafe's West African food in the location of the former Melrose Cafe. It is a charming little place, outdoor seating, brightly decorated with traditional African art and sculptures decorating the walls and shelves. A stereo places African pop and Reggae. The menu consists of meats, chicken, goat, lamb, oxtail, available in curry or a tomato like sauce with mixed vegetables. You get your choice of sides like garlic potatoes, fufu, plantains or rice. The meat in the dishes can be substituted if one is so inclined. There are vegetarian options as well, being a traditional African cuisine, since meat is not always available and something we Westerners take for granted.They serve traditional soups, appetizers and sides as well as the entrees.The staff (one waitress) and owner were both warm and friendly.All in all, it was a good experience and good food. I wouldn't say great, but good. It is definitely worth trying and experiencing. I will be back again.
1	Stale chicken! I lived in West Africa for a period and enjoyed the local "tantie's" peanut sauce and foufou, but this place was a far stretch from good home cookin'.  It gives a bad impression of West African food, so don't pretend you like it just to be courteous and worldly-old chicken is old chicken.  The only redeeming part of the meal was the free appetizer of plantains.  Maybe... one day, Phoenix will have a good West African chop shop that doesn't use a can of veg-all in their sauce.
4	I'm almost always game for an adventure in my mouth, so it was with much anticipation that I attended a UYE at Bantu Bistro. Fifteen of us ended up showing, which is a) a great turn-out and b) potentially disastrous, both for those of us eating and those preparing/serving the food. BB is my Little Engine That Could, because faced with that challenge our servers remained calm and courteous. Upon reading the menu, I immediately knew I was going to get the goat because I've not had goat before. And since I've also never eaten West African food I threw caution into the wind. While waiting for the rest of our party to arrive, the first wave of us ordered drinks, as we are prone to do. We ended up finishing off some of the choices (beers, mostly, that weren't stocked to accommodate a large drinking crowd*) . By the time our full crew had arrived, I think that 2 or 3 beer choices were off the list. So, on the the eats. Now, keep in mind there were 15 people there, and we pretty much ordered something different off the menu, all of which include the "African spices." Each entree comes with one meat (chicken, goat, ox tail, shrimp...) and two sides (fufu, rice, potatoes and plantains). We were served complementary fried plantains with a lovely dipping sauce. Our entrees came fairly close to one another, however my goat was prepared as curried instead of plain. But that's okay, because it was good. While nothing in the flavor jumped out and smacked me in the throat, I have to admit that I over season and heavily salt everything and a lifetime of this has desensitized my taste buds. Authentic ethnic foods don't always have an explosion of flavors but rather rely on letting more subtle flavors mingle in the palatte. Sounds like a lot of moaning for achieving four stars, one might say. To which I would call as my justification: == I was rather full by the time I was half through my entree == free hot beans were brought to use during our meal. While I cannot recall the name of these, they had a peculiar and interesting flavor. I wanted more salt on them but I want more salt on everything--I have to trim that back in my diet == Graciousness is never overrated. The staff and the owner all were appreciative of our business and thanked us several times throughout the evening. == We pretty much took over the dining area and I didn't feel like the staff were concerned about that. == They broke down our bill without adding a gratuity fee, as is customary at most places for large parties. I'm looking forward to returning in a while and hopefully the stocking issue will be resolved and I will have educated myself more on the intricacies of truly authentic African food and flavors. Until then, I wish BB the best of luck and keep up the good work. ____________________________________________ * I personally feel that while the libations of an eating establishment are important--sometimes equally to that of the food--it's also understandable that a newer establishment would chose to emphasise its entree delivery. For this, I can look past the alcohol stocking issue.
4	i will not even pretend to know what west african food tastes like. i read a blurb about what countries west africa encompasses and how southern cooking has heritage from west african cooking.  next i'm not from the south so i will not pretend to know what good southern food is either. lastly from looking at what countries west africa is i can say on a positive note the chef/owner still has all his limbs and was more then likely NOT from Sierra Leon. that's only my speculation really..he might have been a lucky guy.so again not knowing what good west african Cuisine i will not go into some sort of diatribe about how authentic it was or how it was shit because "i lived in west africa for a period". what i had i felt was a good meal. i left full and happy. i was part of a large party of yelpers who in a way sprung ourselves upon the helpless gazelle that is Bantu Bistro like that hungry Lion which is Yelp. the party was about 15 people give or take a few and people started showing up around the designated 6:30 agreed upon meeting time. drinks orders were taken..albeit a bit shaky to start with, the gentlemen who served us seem way out of his comfort zone and was not aware of what beer or wine was available..and since there was no drink menu we all felt that we kinda just had to wing it on beverage requests.after a while of getting all the drinks requested and everyone finally showing up. we all browsed the menu, asked whatever questions we could come up with and settled on our meals. the server took our orders and again..made the best of the situation.about 30 minutes later everyone was chatting each other up and food started to come out. here and there of "who ordered the (insert dinner)" or "which meal did you have" "who had (insert side dish)" finally it seamed as everyone had food in front of them and people started to eat. i ordered the curried Goat with a side of FuFu and Plantains..now i'm not really sure what the hell FuFu is, but all i could think of was Cream of Wheat from a box i had as a child. it was good with my meal, but absolutely tasteless on its own. which i'm not sure how your supposed to eat it anyways. i liked the curried goat. it was basically a stew of goat meat and some vegetables in a curry sauce. not exactly a pantheon of flavors and it certainly was not spicy. but i found it to be comforting and made me feel good inside. plus it's not often i get to eat goat. so the new experience put a smile on my face.i cannot in fairness rate my experience on the service. they were clearly overwhelmed with the size of our group and the business seems like they are still on training wheels. as the only people in the restaurant for the majority of our stay we did have full attention of the staff which was attentive. thank you. thank you Dottsy for the UYEit was nice to meetBaconRobert MHeather CTerry TMaggie (husband Eric)Scott WJason WDavid SBit was nice to see againJulie PMatthewAyeshaKevin (after dinner)and of course Dottsyi honestly hope this place does well. this building has seen way too many tenants fail. i would like to see one success.  good luck Bantu. Sincearly, Arik.PS. the average meal price was $11. so really not that unreasonable. thumbs up.
3	To say our group from Yelp overpowered this small place would be an understatement.  It is not designed for large groups and I think we would have better served ourselves to have ordered in small groups as we arrived and had the food come out in that fashion than try and get all the orders on the table at once.  Part of a UYE is the camaraderie so I am pretty sure staggered serving would not have been a big deal and the food would have been hotter when it arrived.  As it was none of us had a clue what it was supposed to taste like so judgmental we were not.  I had curry goat stew, fufu and rice.  I got the impression this was common folk food, you make a base and toss in what vegetables and meat you have that week.  Sort of like the West African version of comfort food.Our experience from the owner and staff was very positive in my opinion.  Dottsy had made reservations and they had apparently brought in an extra server for the evening.  At one point early it appeared somebody had ordered a drink they were short on ingredients for or maybe the kitchen ran out of something and one of the servers dashed off to the store.  The owner/cook and his staff were bending over backwards to fill every reasonable request.  When the owner was out on the floor you could just feel his enthusiasm for what he was doing.I got out of there feeling full and well taken care of and with a beer, tax and tip I only spent $20.  While I do not think this will be a food often eaten by anybody I know, it and the service should bring enough people in to keep the place open.  One word of caution; if you drive a full sized pick up you can get boxed in if you don't pay attention in advance as to how you are going to get out.
3	You've got to ask yourself one question: Do I feel lucky? Well, do ya, punk? Here's the deal, it would be very easy to come to a place like this and be totally underwhelmed. The flavors and cooking style of West Africa are not very well known to 99.9% of us. The little things like an unhelpful menu and a mediocre wait staff could guarantee a 1 star review for most reviewers. On the other hand they get points for being unique, owner operated, and it was pretty fun to try some food completely different. I mean goat and ox tail, now really, how often do you see that on a menu? The plantain starters were pretty basic, but a nice start. I had the ndole, which I guess was something like an odd version of creamed spinach with chunks of goat in it. ---It tasted better than I described, trust me. The fufu was a let down, that was a close to eating just flower and water. I mean zero flavor. So if you let your guard down, chill out, and want to try some wild and crazy food then I say do it. Other wise stay home and save your scathing one star reviews for Olive Garden.
4	I was a little nervous about what to expect.   I couldn't tell you where west Africa is on a map unless you pointed out east Africa first, much less hazard a guess about the cuisine.  But I have to say, I was pleasantly surprised.I was with the large group of Yelpers last night.  And let's face it, we can be a difficult bunch to please sometimes.  We can also be a difficult bunch to serve, especially in a small shop such as Bantu that is probably not used to  a crowd such as ours.  Drink orders were a little tricky.  They ran out of several of the beer options.  I believe they only had once choice for red wine.  I had that, and I was disappointed that it had been refrigerated.     However, it was clear that their focus is on the food, not on the libations, and I appreciated that they were able to offer alcoholic beverages.Although one of the servers was unfamiliar with the menu, I was impressed that Bantu actually brought in an additional server to accommodate us.  The staff was so welcoming, and the owner not only cooked his heart out for us, he paid us a visit as well.  I never once felt we were an inconvenience as I have at other events.  The complimentary fried plantains were served with a spicy chili sauce that nicely balanced the sweet, tender plantain.  I opted for the traditional groundnut stew with chicken.  It was a tomato-based stew with mixed vegetables in a rich and nutty sauce, very satisfying.  I was not a fan of the  fufu which I believe was mashed yams and corn.  It reminded me of grits.  I did try a few other bites of my neighbors' dishes and enjoyed them as well.Upon leaving, we were able to just tell the server what we ordered and pay separately.  I thanked her for taking the time to allow us to do this and for coping with the crowd.  She remarked "we love this, it's like a big family."  That is reason enough for me to say, "yay, I'm a fan."
3	So in the course of my various wheelings and dealings in Phoenix, I have driven past this empty building several times. I finally saw it lit up and renamed "Bantu Bistro- West African Cuisine" Wow! I finally got a group together to try this new little place. When I arrived, I saw that my group was situated in the middle of the restaurant. I had made a reservation and the staff was kind enough to make a long row of tables for us to sit at. I was greeted by a friendly service staff. We had two servers for our large group. I asked for a menu of beers and the staff seemed a little shaky on what was and was not available. It seems that they had various bottles of different beers. They also had "white" and "red" wine...both were refrigerated. I went with a beer...any beer. For my meal I went with a coconut stew with chicken in it. I chose fufu (think grits) and potatoes for my two sides. While waiting for our meal we were brought out plantains with a chili dipping sauce. They were well cooked and the sweetness complimented the semi-spicy sauce well. After a bit of a wait, our meals were served. It was a bit chaotic trying to figure out who ordered what, but everything got worked out. My stew was not so much a stew as it was a light, thin soup. The flavors were not robust and hearty, but were light and refreshing. Not quite what I wanted that night, but it wasn't poorly made. The fufu and the potatoes had no seasoning on it. The purpose of the sides are to add to your stew and let the main dish flavor your sides. During the meal, the owner/chef made several visits to our table. He even brought us some beans to compliment our meal. He seemed very open to suggestions and comments made by our group. The only things I would change about Bantu are: have a good beer selection, have a couple wines by the glass available and do not refrigerate your red wine, have a staff that is knowledgeable about the dishes and can make good suggestions, offer a weekly special that is not on the menu. I look forward to seeing Bantu flourish. It would be nice to have a West African restaurant become a well established place in the old, empty building I used to drive by.
3	I must say, I was so pumped to try this place out so I decided to drop in last night. As far as expectations go, it definitely lived up to some and was certainly a let down on others.First and foremost, the food was great and the staff was friendly. I ordered the Chicken curry with plantains and it was one of the best tasting meals I've had in a long while. The thing that kinda tainted my whole experience there was the service. It took probably half an hour for me to get my food and the place wasn't that packed either. No one came up to ask how things were or if I needed anything so I ended up feeling like they forgot my order. Like I said, the food alone would've easily merited Bantu Bistro four stars or possibly a five, but the fact that it felt like I could have flown to West Africa and back to get what I ordered kinda soured the dining experience.
2	I was excited to try this place because my husband's ex-step father is from Nigeria and I loved the African food he would make. He lives back in Houston so I haven't had any good African food in awhile so I was having a good itching for some. I didn't have any trouble finding the place, although the old melrose cafe or whatever it said sign kind of threw me off for a second. I went to order some food to go since I went by myself. The girl at the counter was very nice and asked if I had any questions. I ended up ordering the goat meat entree that was cooked in the tomato sauce with mixed vegetables, plantains, and fufu. While the goat meat was cooked very well, the sauce was very thin and the mixed vegetables were just that-mixed vegetables from a can! I couldn't believe that! When it said mixed vegetables I was thinking some fresh, chopped or diced vegetables, not vegetables from the 50 cent cans at the grocery store! The plantains were good. All in all, the food was just okay for me since I have had African food many times before. The employees were very nice though!!!
1	Ladies and Gentleman, the current location for Bantu Bistro is dead.  The chef and visionary behind bringing West African cuisine and culture to the Valley, Emmy  Ayafor, was forced out of Bantu Bistro.  I heard there are a bunch of Americans cooking there now and the food has gone down hill.  However, I went to the Bantu Bistro website (still maintained by Emmy) and emailed him.  My friends and I had Emmy cook for us at my house.  It was very affordable, and the food was FANTASTIC!  I'd give Emmy's cooking 5 Stars!  We had goat, chicken curry, fried rice, corn fufu, and fried plantains.  There was so much food, I'm still eating it!  Good luck opening your new restaurant Emmy.  Those of us that demand authenticity will be waiting, impatiently!  Jeff
1	Drove by today.  CLOSED
