4	fantastic cannoli.
5	I always reject the popular, but we got the cannoli which I read about here and on chowhound. It was fantastic. We came after they closed, and probably looked like puppy dogs in the window from the inside. They were nice enough to let us in, and pick out something to eat. They were so lovely, that I was certain they were just going to Give the stuff to us. We paid, but the warmth was appreciated just as much. 6 stars.
5	Best cannolis ever.  Also excellente marzapan cakes.  Old school and guaranteed to impress, be sure you ask to have them filled while your there.
4	Was surprised by a co-worker with cannolis at work one day. Excellent. Seeked them out on my own a few weeks later, and they were very good, but not the same as the first time. Can't explain it. Still, definitely worth it. Buon appetit.
5	On the 8th Day, God chose to chill in the kitchen and make desserts for mankind.He decided that the best place in the world to do this was in an Italian bakery on Dante street in Montreal.On that day he created 3 masterpieces; the Cannoli, sfogliatelle, and the Baci cake. Desserts are obviously the best in the universe since the hand of God mixed the batter and supervised the whole process with the help of the Angels.Been going here for 18 years. Bought pastries here to bring to my future in-laws on the night I asked for their daughter's hand in marriage. We are still happily married and my in-laws still love me.
4	JESUS! I walked into pastry heaven! Which was handy since my one and only goal was to obtain a Cannoli.  As I stood in front of a counter that was positively brimming with delicious-looking pastries, nowhere could I find cannolis. Oh. Sh*t. After doing a second scan of the counter, what do I see tucked away on the second shelf, left side? ONE cannoli. I guess my panic soon became evident because before I knew what was happening, I was shouting "Oh my God, D! There's only one left!!!'  When I heard the ladies behind the counter chuckling, I realized that I really had exclaimed those words aloud. They reassured me though - they had a secret stash in the back. Praise the good Lord for the Cannoli fairies. The goods: Well, I only bought a Cannoli and it was excellent. Perfectly crunchy on the outside, nice and creamy on the inside - not too sweet. Perfeto. That said, they had a ton of pastries from whole cakes that were so pretty I would hate to be the one to cut into them, to individual pastries, tarts, cookies, Marzipan lambs (if you're in the market for those), HUGE lobster tails and other assorted dessert things to make you nice and plump. I seriously doubt that you could walk in here and not find something to eat. If you can, there's something wrong with you. Location: On Dante, across the street from the church. What church? I can't recall so you're going to have to map it using the infamous Yelp app because guess what? There are lots of churches in Little Italy. The decor sort of looks like the shop was frozen in time - maybe in the late 60s or early 70s - but don't let that throw you off. You're only there to eat.
3	its november and what does that mean? half off cannoli! *crowd goes wild*i love cannoli and when they have such incentive for the whole month of november, its a no brainer!their limoncella granita during summer hits the spot just right so i was expecting the same from their cannoli.buy 6 no tax they said so 6 i got: pastry cream chocolate, ricotta/chocolate, tiramisu, 2 pistachio and the "it doesn't need presentation", the one and only ricotta.the first pistachio i bite into was to die for. it was what you expect from a great cannoli: crunchy in and out with a lightly sweet filling to finish it off. and of course, the pistachio flavor.then came the ricotta, couldn't wait any longer. no words could describe it. i was starting to OD..after those 2, i seriously thought i'd be dead with the 4 remaining ones. not so fast jose. womp womp.. they turned out to be soggy. they didn't had the usual crunch you'd expect from a good cannoli. heck, i had 2 great ones and then 4 really disappointing ones.having them already filled is just plain ugh.. but i figured with them being half off, the turnover would keep them as fresh as possible and as good as fill to order. alas, it wasn't so and considering the best seller, pistachio, which was hit or miss, disappointing.i didn't finish the remaining 4. just took a bite on one end before discarding them away from sight.mind you, between the time i got out and finding a place to sit, maybe 5 minutes elapse. by the time i went through all 6, maybe 6-7 minutes so less than 15 minutes between bought and ate.summary: big letdown!
