5	Great service, awesome prices.
1	The plumber, who is also the owner, was sent out by our home warranty company. The only thing we needed him to do was snake the main sewer line. However, he did not have the correct tool to remove the cap. Instead, he used a hammer and screwdriver. By the time I caught him he had already cracked the concrete surrounding the clean out and destroyed the black PVC. On top off this, he was surprised that I was upset!! I ended up kicking him out and calling another plumber.
1	My home waranty sent Athena Plumbing out.  I had a water leaking coming from the bottom of my mobile home.  Their tech came out and said that the leak was coming from my shower drain and they would have to remove the shower stall to get to the leak etc.$$$$.  Old Republic then sent out Lawson Family plumbing, they diagnosed the  problem, revoved an eight inch square of drywall,replaced a leaking bolt type thing and my problem was over.  My $55. co-pay is all that it cost me.  Please be careful if home warranty dumps A.P.C  or Athena on your plumbing problem.  They are one in the same company.
1	AVOID!!! AVOID!!! AVOID!!! Absolute joke of a company! Every negative review on here echoes my experience with Brandon and Athena Plumbing (APC).  After being sent out by my home warranty company to confirm that my hot water heater was broken, Brandon provided me with an itemized list of additional costs outside of what my home warranty would cover.  Being someone that works with contractors day-in and day-out, I understand when someone is being honest or trying to empty my pockets, which Brandon tried.  A $20 drip pan was itemized on my invoice as $85(I get a small mark-up but 400% which doesn't even include installation of the drip pan?!).  My biggest gripe of all was that Brandon also attempted to refer his friend from an equally shady company to dry out and replace dry wall that was damaged as a result of my hot water heater leaking.  His buddy from Drylux(which has equally poor reviews on here and BBB) did not provide me with an estimate and kept pressuring me to allow his guys to come out and begin work all the while insisting insurance would cover everything....right.  Being pretty handy myself and not wanting to involve my insurance company knowing that I would surely be out of my $1,000 deductible, I opted to do dry wall repairs myself.  Upon making Brandon from APC aware of this, his tone suddenly changed(because he was upset he wouldn't be getting a referral spiff/kick-back from his buddy at Drylux).  When it came time for Brandon to replace the water heater, my home warranty contacted me and had an itemized list of additional costs that I would be responsible for.  The problem was, the list they reviewed with me included an additional $400 that was not listed on the original itemized invoice/estimate Brandon provided. If you are considering having APC do anything at your home, I highly suggest you spare yourself the headache and dishonest business practices and contact a reputable, BBB accredited business. Do yourself a favor and read the reviews on here and on the Better Business Bureau.
1	Poor customer service, tried to charge warranty company and myself for the same service (double dip) very shady. Charged my credit card when no work was performed.
1	Brandon installed a water heater and removed the rating plate without my knowledge.  Now that the water heater is leaking and it is still under warranty I cannot get it replaced without the rating plate.  I should have figured no less as he had a bad attitude and exhibited poor customer service the whole time he was on the job.  He was the plumber assigned to the job by Old Republic, my home warranty company.  I would never allow him back to my home or refer him to anyone.
1	7/8 - Went through the home warranty company on a rental for a blocked sink.  While it could have been in their contract with the warranty company to do the minimum required they took ten minutes to look at the sink (doing the minimum required effort)  indicated there was no clean out and they wont be able to help at a cost of $75 dollars for pointing out the obvious, if it was easy I could have fixed it.  Would not recommend under any scenario.  Went with RAM pluming and they took care of it with no complaints that there wasn't an easy solution, problem fixed and warrantied for 6 months.Update 7/18:  Home warranty company agreed with me that Athena did not put forth the expected professional effort and agreed to reimbursement the $75 deductible plus cover some of the cost incurred to hire another company.  Do not use these people..if my warranty company agreed to reimburse me which by contract they have no obligation to do so since I did not go through their dispute department but acknowledged after talking to the company that fixed the problem that the Athena employee was either inept, incompetent, or just lazy proves or at least supports my impression of Athena's unprofessional and incompetence.
1	Steer clear. We waited all day on a weekend for the company rep to arrive for a scheduled visit. Called them, no answer. No show. No reply. Called them again on Monday. The rep said they'd gone to another property and insisted that I had given him another name (of a person I have never heard of).  He finally "found" our service request but didn't apologize for their error. I rescheduled anyway. This time, the rep arrived (an hour late). He took photos of the earth where we have a water leak, touched nothing, and left saying it would be a minimum charge of almost $500 to investigate the leak, which they could perhaps do another time. No thanks. Wish I'd checked Yelp before calling them--and it was a home warranty referral initially. Lesson learned.
5	I was referred to them by my warranty company when a guest bathroom shower stopped delivering hot water the day before Thanksgiving (and the day before extended family was to arrive for the holiday and weekend).  Brandon called to confirm that Jason would be coming, and Jason arrived in an timely fashion and with the right part, cheerfully replaced the mixer value, and was careful to avoid leaving any mess. Very happy with service, and glad I hadn't read the negative reviews or I would have been worried needlessly.   I'd use them again.
1	If AHS assigns this plumber, I suggest you call the 800 number and request a different contractor.  When scheduling I asked if the R/O repair is a covered plumbing item and they would not comment but said that if it wasn't covered they could still perform the work.  The guy came out looked at it and said not covered and will cost $600 - 800 to replace.  I had another plumbing issue that he wouldn't even look at...just wanted his $75 service call, for no service whatsoever and left.  Later, I found that my RO system can be repaired (tank replaced) for $140.  Lousy service from this company from the first phone call.
