5	Great place to stop on my way into the office each morning.  Good coffee and desserts.  I really enjoy the "scones" even though they aren't really scones.  Try the Apple one!Irene is the barista in the morning and you won't meet a nicer, friendlier person!  Went in on the first day and order a drink.  Came back two-days later and Irene remembered what I ordered after just the first visit!
3	It was just okay.  They should provide 3 shots in a large, but it's just 2.  I got a freezie or something like that.  They did customize it by trying to replicate a Starbuck's frozen drink with the addition of coconut.  Too much ice.  After a minute or two of slurping, all the liquid was gone and I was left with a glob of ice.  Atmosphere was good.  Did not try a hot drink.  Maybe those are better.  The person preparing the drink was extremely nice and helpful.
5	Irene was super dooper friendly and accommodated my ridiculous coffee concoction request AND made it in the most delicious manner EVER! This is by far the better of the area's two locations!!
5	4.75 stars!Stopped in the first time today to ask for suggestions of where to eat, since Farmer's Fork next door was closed on Mondays.  Sister and I already had plans to try this place after our visit to her alma mater Belmont Abbey College, so it was nice to find a personable and helpful clerk in Irene, who mentioned a few options that were nearby until settling on an eatery that had just opened recently (will post review and pics of that experience soon).  I made a mental note to return here to give our business as our way of showing gratitude to Irene for her friendly demeanor.After our visits to the gardens and the college, my sister's GPS actually led us to the original Caravan Coffee & Dessert Bar in Belmont, and while the layout of the cafe, its furniture, menu boards, bar, and dessert case were very similar to this Mount Holly location, sister and I knew this wasn't the shop we visited in the morning, so I used the Yelp app to lead us here.  When we arrived, we found that manager Irene's shift had just ended and her daughter Rachel had taken over.  My initial disappointment of Irene leaving before we could visit again quickly dissipated after interacting with Rachel, who was bubbly and outgoing, and who shared our enthusiasm for tiramisu, exclaiming that Caravan's version was very good, and we whole-heartedly agree!  The cake was light and airy, the espresso flavor ample and delicious, and the mascarpone creamy, yet non-greasy and with just enough sweetness. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/caravan-coffee-and-dessert-bar-of-mt-holly-mount-holly?select=fGFRnVhaElp-0_BPKsmLoA#fGFRnVhaElp-0_BPKsmLoA  The chocolate cake was also delightful!  Not too sweet, and I just loved the dark chocolate flavor and textures of the ganache, filling, and cake layers. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/caravan-coffee-and-dessert-bar-of-mt-holly-mount-holly?select=RURd8aXZI6m-QBrUIvmn8A#RURd8aXZI6m-QBrUIvmn8A  Last, but not least, the mochas were beautiful and tasted divine!  They took longer than we expected, and I attributed it to the time it took for the sweetened milk to froth.  After a few minutes, I spotted Rachel spooning the froth into our "grande" -sized coffee cups.  She soon called me over to retrieve the first of the two mochas. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/caravan-coffee-and-dessert-bar-of-mt-holly-mount-holly?select=q3D9ZO84vXHYXzzL18hw5Q#q3D9ZO84vXHYXzzL18hw5Q  As if this work of art wasn't beautiful enough, Rachel presented us with another one! http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/caravan-coffee-and-dessert-bar-of-mt-holly-mount-holly?select=QD-P1zrHjACtpjXLVh_TmQ#QD-P1zrHjACtpjXLVh_TmQ  Great mocha flavor (thanks to Ghirardelli dark chocolate syrup), and the sweetened milk froth added nice foam, although I did find it to be sweeter than I'd like.  Wouldn't stop me from ordering it again, though.Thank you so much for making our first two visits so great, Irene and Rachel!
4	Personally I think this place is a tiny bit more expensive than it should really be, but coffee places always are. I've only ever had the fruit smoothies here, but they were great and met my expectations. The service is quick, and all the cashiers I've had were nice to me. As a bonus, this place looks really nice on the inside.
3	Good place, nice and quiet with good atmosphere! Good drinks with different flavors and variety.
