4	I don't know what happened with the previous reviewer, but I've been to this place a handful of times (including just yesterday) and received above average service.Every time I enter, I'm surprised to be greeted with "Take a seat wherever you like and we'll be right with you!" Table service is something the previous two owners never had. The first time I stopped by, it was for pizza to go. They got my friend's order wrong, but when we called from home to let them know they offered to deliver a new pizza to us free of charge! Most recently when I went, a friend and I shared mozzarella sticks (baked, not fried) and an extra large Philly Cheesesteak Pizza and everything about the meal was satisfying. My friend and I sat around talking about politics and news for an hour or two while we watched the hockey game that was playing, but we were made to feel welcome rather than rushed to leave. Staff came by regularly asking if we needed refills on our drinks, and even offered to give us drinks in to go cups when we asked for the check.Within a month or two, they should have their liquor license and their bar ready. I foresee this place becoming a regular hangout for me.
5	Reading some of these bad reviews makes me wonder if they are truly going to the same place or not. I have been to this place multiple times, including a few times when the last two owners ran it. I have been to the new Poppy's four times since it opened and every time I have been impressed!The food is a fantastic bang for your buck, always a large portion of food that makes for at least another meal for under 10 bucks a person. Sure there are a few better pizza places out there, but not for the price and not with the same level of service I get every time I eat there. The pizza has plenty of cheese, toppings and a zesty sauce with a slight chunky heartiness to it which I really love. The wings are prepared with several homemade sauces and baked, which is a good alternative for those who are trying to shave off some calories. I really prefer having fried wings because of the added crispy texture and the fact that the sauce is added after which gives me more of the lip-smacking good stuff! Baked wings have a lot of flavor, but I find that a lot of the sauce for these wings gets baked out before you get them, therefore I reccomend that you ask for an additional cup of sauce if you like them a little more saucy! Their sauces are top notch, and it just doesn't do the wings justice if there isn't a good amount of sauce on the wings!Every time I go there my drink never reaches empty, and they come to my table to chat and ask if we need anything several times throughout the meal. I always see them cleaning something, and although I have never been to the bathroom like another reviewer, the front of the house always looked clean and non-sticky. Maybe it was a bad day?They are one of the few pizza places that actually have some arcade games still inside, and being an avid gamer since the age of 2 I can say that that is a definite plus. They seem VERY excited to be getting their bar in the next few months, and I easily think that this could be a new weekly place when that does happen! Great food, Awesome value and outstanding service coupled with the fact that they are always seeking input for suggestions on the food make me skeptical on some of the other reviews. A good tip if you are hungry, try their yelp special of a XL 1 topping pizza, 20 wings and garlic knots for 19.99. I have had that all four times with 1 friend and we both had plenty for food another meal. Some places charge nearly 20 bucks for 20 wings, let alone a pizza and knots~
3	Decent pizza! We ordered (delivery) a half pepperoni, half cheese medium pizza. It took a while to get to us, but not an unreasonable amount of time. Their sauce is good, and I like that they sprinkle the whole pie with some kind of herb blend. The cheese is all right, too. For me, it's the crust that's wanting. It's pretty tough and doesn't have much flavor. It doesn't reheat particularly well either, even in the oven.We also ordered some cinnamon knots, and they presumably were made from the same dough, because they were very tough as well. It may just be that the dough was overworked the day we ordered, but I definitely prefer a crust I don't have to work for.I'll eat here again, but  in all, it's "pretty good" pizza.
5	FIrst and formost i was one of the first customers when they opened this a few months back. The owners Fran and Scott are awesome people !!!!when you come in you feel like your at home every one treats you like family. The food is somthing to die for its great service and well a great watering hole and family spot
5	This place is great! I went for the first time last week with my sister (whos been a regular since her 21st bday), and wow! Great prices on alcohol, even when its not happy hour. Poppys Punch, wow! its really good. The food there is never fried, always baked, which is great, less grease! I plan on going for my birthday with my sis and some friends (aug 27). Karaoke is fun there too. And a previous commentor is right - you are made to feel like your at home! Its awesome!
2	Thought I'd check out this place since I live across the street and will never go back. Service was horrible. It took 30 min to get a waiter to take my order. I sat for some time w/ an empty pint waiting for my food. When the food finally came they messed that up and the food was... ehh. So I'm there with a empty glass of beer, sloppy food and now I'm getting a migraine! Back to baseline pub for this guy.
2	I like the whole "kid friendly bar" idea and I was hoping this would be our new Sunday morning football place, but no. Helllll no. When we walked in our drink orders were taken immediately...and then they forgot about us. We had to get our own menus and stare down the waiters for over 20 minutes before we got to order. We asked for pepperoni pizza and a chicken caesar and ended up with sausage pizza and a chicken free salad. When I asked for my missing chicken, it came out covered in dressing and when added to my dressing covered salad I basically had a soup. We sat with empty drinks while we choked down our meals and eventually ended up having to ask the waiter covering the tables behind us to bring our bill. I will say the garlic knots were pretty good but we definitely won't be back.
4	Good tangy pepperoni pizza, amazing garlic knots! Friendly service although the guys here give me a hard time :p
2	The drinks are the only think good about this place. It's a little on the inexperienced side of service. The people who run the place have their work/laptops on the bar. It screams "don't sit at the bar, I'm working on business stuff!!". The pizza tastes like frozen microwave pizza and the wings are a little on the soggy side. I think their baked or maybe even microwaved. If the owners focused on the bar, customer service, and getting better food, then this place would be the "go to" spot!!!
1	Ok so I ordered a sandwich from this place about a month ago and they gave me the wrong chips I thought well hey it happens... so I decided to order a pizza a few weeks later the pizza is not my favorite from here but I was really hungry and did not want a sandwich. so today I ordered a sandwich and normally there sandwich's are pretty good, they totally forgot my cheese on the sandwich I'm like WTF! and I did not even receive my chips TRAVIS took my order, I think he has some type of hearing problem or something.... normally Heidi takes my order and the only thing she has ever gotten wrong were my chips at least I got some type of chips, I also ordered a chocolate chip cookie and ice cream the ice cream looked like something from ghost busters. I called to let them know what happened and they said they would give me a credit or send out another sandwich. I will no longer require service from poppy's place food thrown out venezia's ordered now if you know like I do stick to barro's or venezia's you where warned! MIMI by the way I had to spell Mimi 4 times for Travis to get it.
1	The food I received certainly did not justify the price.  Sunday about 4 PM, I was finished with my errands and made the decision to try wings from Poppy's.  It's close to home, so I ordered 10 chicken wings, heat level fire and add garlic, to go.  $9.49, paid, and I found a seat to sit and watch the game on one of the numerous tv screens in the place (there must be at least 20...)With so many screens to look at, there were only two choices showing: Football (which received the blessing of both audio and closed captioning) or a movie (which played on about every 4th screen, silently).  Wings took about 15 minutes, as I was told when I placed my order.  The guy from behind the register walked them out to me and set 'em down.  I looked at wings and back at him and reminded him I ordered to go.  He carried  the order back to the kitchen.5 minutes later, the wings appeared in a takeout box.  I picked up the order and headed home.  On arriving home (3 blocks from the restaurant), I opened the box anticipating spicy steam.  It was quite disappointing, the lack of both types of heat.  I took a bite of the first wing only to discover the very mild sauce on the wings.  In looking at the receipt, I saw the Fire level was specified and the garlic I ordered on the wings came with a charge, but the cook must have either not read the ticket or misread it.  In addition to a wing sauce with very little kick, there was no garlic.  The final indignity: the wings were small.  The whole order, box, dressing, celery and wings weighed 14 ounces.Wings that could not make the trip 3 blocks and still be steaming...the wrong sauce...and leaving off something you charged me for...it's highly doubtful that your restaurant will get a second chance to make a first impression.
1	Nasty welfare Bisquick tasting  pizza crust and they omitted a topping that I paid for. And there is an annoying red headed lady that goes to every table to socialize.
3	I previously reviewed this restaurant and was not impressed.  However, I gave it another shot and it has gotten a little better.It's in a pretty good location and has plenty of parking.  It definitely fills a void of lower priced non-chain restaurants in the area.My biggest previous complaint is that the staff was not the best.  They've gotten a little better in this area, but could still use some improvement.  I wanted to place an order to go, and no one seemed to want to take my order.  Eventually, I was able to place my order for a chicken parmesan sandwich.It took about 20 minutes, which isn't horrible considering the place was pretty busy.The sandwich was great--I would definitely recommend it.  It came with chips or you could pay a little extra to get a different side.BIG improvement from a few months ago and I hope they continue to stay on this track.  Give it a try.
4	I don't know why this place has gotten so many bad reviews. This place is right next door to my apartment complex and I've been in here several times. The atmosphere is fun--though a bit on the older side. All of the staff have been really friendly to me and my boyfriend and I have no complaints on that.As for cooking times I think that they are normal. Not too long or too short. I really like their pizza and I get little personal ones all the time. They come with one topping and I think that's pretty great! Their garlic knots are pretty good but could often use more seasoning and more marinara! They give you one cup but there really needs to be two or three.All in all I have no complaints and I think that this place is actually a really fun neighborhood joint.
3	Hubby and I went in for dinner.  He ordered a pasta dish and I ordered a sandwich.  We also ordered wings.  The wings were really good they had just the right amount of kick to them.  My husband and I loved the wings.  My sandwich was good as well.  Everything was out and served in a reasonable amount of time.  The waitress seemed to have an issue with remembering some simple things but she was pleasant.  I would go here again as I really liked their wings and I'm picky about wings.  Maybe if I try something different on the menu I will absolutely love it.BTW, they have a huge bar and one night I would like to go get some drinks.
4	Pizza was good garlic knots good. Waitress seemed a little preoccupied had to finally call her over to place order. When we left the tables right outside door had smokers at them, a real turnoff for me. Thought the law stated they had to be 20 away from door.
2	My husband and I were really enjoying this place.  The food's not bad and the location is great.  Unfortunately our last order of pizza made us SUPER sick.  And by super sick, I mean we were both up at 4am the next day with the violent pukes and had to call out sick to work.  Very disappointing. :(  I would give them another try but just thinking about it makes my stomach hurt.  I guess it's back to Barro's.
3	Stopped in here tonight to pick up dinner on the way home - calzone with meatballs and sausage, which was very tasty and perfectly done. Attentive waitstaff and mellow atmosphere, although the juke switching between hip-hop and country was a bit disturbing. Can't say as I'll make a habit of coming in, but won't be actively avoiding it either.
4	I don't know why people complain about this place...the only thing I'd complain about maybe is the crowd.  The food has always been awesome, it's not the worlds best pizza, but it is pretty flippin good.  The wings are awesome, the garlic knots are well seasoned, and where else can 4 people legitimately eat dinner for $5 each?  For $19.99, they offer a family deal with an XL, 1-topping pizza, 6 garlic knots and 10 wings...it keeps me and my 3 college roommates full, so it should keep you full too.  The service could be slightly better, but they always have the best sporting events on, and if they are important enough, with sound!  I love the place and would recommend it to all!
1	Not very impressed.  We called to order delivery.  I was in such a good mood for a cesar salad.  It was hot, and I wanted a nice salad for dinner.  $7 salad and it had no dressing.  When I called to let them know there was no dressing I think the woman on the other end misunderstood, and was a little rude, till I explained once again that my salad was delivered without dressing.  We ordered Tristan's chicken strips for $7 and there were 4 SMALL pieces.   I could have made my own for less.  Wow those chix strips were definately a rip off.  As far as my husbands pasta he said it was ok.  Needless to say they came back with dressing but I think after the conversation I had with the woman on the phone don't think I'll eat my salad, feel like they may have done something to my dressing.  Now I've lost my appetite.  I definately don't recommend this place.
4	My family and I were in town for my nieces college graduation. The waitress at Joes Crab Shack told us to try Poppys because it was last call at Joes (that's how we roll). Being responsible and not driving intoxicated we walked down and was not disappointed. Fran was very accommodating to our party and even opened the kitchen up for our late night munchies. We were introduced to Poppys Punch which I highly recommend and it was nice to hang out on the patio. We had a great time and intend to drop in again when we're in the area.
5	I feel the need to put the theme song to Cheers on as I write this review, just to get me in the mood. Poppy's is a great place to grab lunch, dinner, and even late night drinks. They're open from 10am-2am everyday and the kitchen is open late too; huge bonuses to have nearby for a neighborhood bar/restaurant!There's a lot of regulars that come in which makes you know it's good. I've tried the wings and pizza so far and both are delicious. Additional bonuses:1) They have a table full of games so you can come and play anything from apples to apples to yahtzee to hungry, hungry hippos with your kids or friends. 2) Full bar and happy hour on food and drinks from 10am-7pm every day! The prices are unbeatable (I'm talking $2 beer)3) If you're a regular here, everyone will literally know your name (hence my previous Cheers reference). 4) Poppy's Punch. 'Nuff said..5) Locally owned and the owners are usually behind the bar or working in the restaurant. 6) Poker night on Thursday evening. No buy in, but if you win, you'll get a gift card to Poppy's. 7) Karaoke on Saturday night. 8) Sports - and loots of TVs for them. They also deliver, so if you have a hankering for some pizza, wings, pasta, etc., you're in luck.
5	This place is one of our favorite places to kick back throughout the week and enjoy a game.  Their food is excellent.  Our favorites are the pizza, wings, and italian crisp, although everything has been excellent.  Their bartenders make great drinks and have good personalities.  The waitstaff is friendly and attentive.  Poppy's is the type of place where the staff gets to know you and what you like.  Like the previous poster it does remind me of Cheers.  Me and my boyfriend love their happy hour specials which are daily and can be seen here several times a week.  Compaired to the other bars in the area it is hands down the best.  I would recommend this place to anyone looking to relax after work.  I also bring my daughter here often and the staff and customers are always friendly towards her.  They have video games and board games to keep the kids occupied so that i can relax and enjoy a game on one of their many TV screens.
4	We live in an apartment complex in Tempe, and we often have delivery menus from local restaurants on our doorstep. So when we got a menu for Poppys, we figured we'd give it a try (I'm a sucker for mozzarella sticks available for delivery). We ordered 2 subs, the chicken Parmesan (+mushrooms) and a Philly (-veggies), mozzarella sticks, and a side of fries and soup that came with the sandwhiches.The delivery was on time, and the driver was surprisingly pleasant and talkative, and thanked us for choosing their restaurant. Finally, we go to the kitchen and open up our food... only to discover that the subs were wrong :(. The chicken had no added mushrooms, and the Philly had all the veggies. This happens frequently with other delivery places, so we dishearteningly called back Poppys. They apologized and said they'd send new subs within 20 mins. So, we waited, and when the delivery man came back, we were surprised to find a whole new order completely: new subs, PLUS new fries, soup, and mozzarella sticks. The driver insured us that they wanted to make a good first impression and keep business. We were thoroughly impressed! Usually it takes up to an hour to get the correct sandwhiches, and they went above and beyond what was needed, adding the extra food. The food was good, not amazing I'm sad to say, but it was good, and their customer service was such a bonus. The best part was probably the fries, they were seasoned pretty well. We'll definitely order from Poppy's again!
3	Good price for the food
1	I placed my order with this restaurant through eat24.com.5:55pm: placed order for 2 salads, 1 baked mac n cheese, 1 Philly cheese steak, 1 personal pizza and 1 order garlic knots.Receive email from eat24.com immediately, it stated ETA of 30-45 mins.6:35pm: Requested updated ETA for my food through eat24.com. They call the restaurant who states my food is ready and the driver is leaving right then. This restaurant is 5 minutes away.7:14pm: I have requested another ETA for my food, restaurant has stated that their driver is 8-10 minutes away MAX.7:50pm: My food is delivered without apology.I had to stay 25 mins after my shift was over to wait for the food delivery.I asked the driver if the delay was due to the website or the restaurant and he advised it was "deeeefinitelyk not the website's fault". I then asked if my meal would be comped or if there would be a discount/coupons?? He said "No. If I were the owner that might be a different story. But I'm not." I said okay, thanks, bye. He said "I'm just glad you are happy and not upset!"... UMM was he not there for that entire conversation??On top of the food being 1.5 hrs late, the Philly cheese steak ended up being some type of chicken sandwich and none of the condiment sides that we requested were provided.The sad thing is, I work in a department of 70 people who LOVE to order food to be delivered and who have never heard of this place. If I had a good experience, or even mediocre, word would have spread like wildfire about this place and they could have had many new customers.
2	Waited about an hour and a half for delivery. When the food arrived my chicken Caesar salad had no chicken, and none of our sides of ranch were included. I called the restaurant to tell them there was no chicken in my salad, and my dressing was not on the side like I had asked, and although they did offer to send me another, I didn't feel like waiting another hour and a half. Sad, because I had high hopes but the food is decent. Maybe we will have better luck with pick up or eat-in.
1	Not good at all. Very soggy fries, tastes like they're straight from the freezer. And the mozzarella sticks were OKAY. Disappointed in the marinara...tastes like old tomato sauce. One star for good customer service. Won't be back though...
2	This was the 3rd time I tried Poppy's Place.  Poppy's tries hard but the food is hit & miss.  The pizza & bacon cheese bread were awful.  Their crust is very dry, crunchy and tastes like a cardboard box.  Their soups & chili were very tasty, the salads weren't bad and their hamburgers were good but not the fries.  It's not the worst place to eat but it is definitely not my go to place either.
1	I wish I had paid attention to my fellow Yelpers when it came to delivery. As someone who has worn the shoes before, it is UNACCEPTABLE to get upset about a tip. You deliver the order wrong and get nasty when I tip accordingly? This place is a joke, at least the counter girl admitted that everything was frozen/premade when I called to complain. Save your funds and go elsewhere for food, the Taco Bell adjacent is a better bet.
1	The 8" pizzas were fully cooked but the 14" and the 18" pizzas came with uncooked dough. It was so doughy that someone actually said "this slice actually held up!" when his slice was slightly better. Boneless chicken wings felt slimy and dry at the same time. Actually, all the chicken felt dry. Mac and cheese tasted funny too. I believe the order was supposed to only take about 45 min but it took about 90 min.The antipasto salad was decent tho.
1	Saw this place listed on Eat24 about a week ago and passed on it. Today I decided that it was worth a test and order the chicken strips w/ fries and the mozzarella sticks. The delivery was fast but the food fell way short. The chicken sticks where dried and burnt. I'd say they looked homemade but they clearly had been pulled out of a freezer and thrown in a fryer. Currently praying I don't get sick right now :(As for the moszarella sticks, they just screamed store bought. Microwaved to Luke warm and soggy with a sauce that can barely be called sauce. What a sad first go and I definitely won't be back. Pass it along people, stay away.P.s. If I get sick I'll update this later
1	I should have known better, based on the other yelp reviews... but someone left a menu on our front door and so we were curious. Their pizza was terrible. My husband had the wings and enjoyed them, but didn't like the pizza either. We ordered through some website, Eat 24 or something like that. It took over an hour for our food to arrive, when the e-mail said 30 mins. That was a bit frustrating, but I tried to be patient, knowing it was a Monday and most people were watching Football. Either way, first impressions are everything, and I was disappointed. I'll go back to getting my pizza from Venezia's. Their stuff is DELICIOUS!
4	Great little spot to mingle. Only took a few times for my friends and I till we met some regulars that recognize us when we walk in. Drinks are affordable and sometimes a little stiff but that's never bad. The food is enjoyable too which I can't say for most bar food I eat!
1	Went to Poppys tonight with a friend. Had Marilyn as our waitress and she was awful. Didn't smile or hardly talk to us. She was so slow and hardly checked on us. We we were done it took her 15 mins to get us our check because she didn't check on us. When we finally got the check she put on the table and didn't even say HAVE A NICE NIGHT or anything. Extremely non friendly and I would never want her as my waitress again. She is the women with the lip work done. Hope the manager of this place sees this and trains her better. I work in customer service and know what I am talking about. I wanted to say something to her personally but didn't think it was my place to tell. Won't be going back. Btw food was ok.
4	Good neighborhood bar - neat atmosphere. Pizza yeah... Go for it. They have a good crowd and Karoke. Free Wi Fii too. Staffs are cool and welcoming.
1	It doesn't deserve a single star.  Way over priced.  I ordered 2 caesar salads for take out. These salads were tiny for $10 ea and not even FRESH parmesan cheese. Disgusting!!  Go to Nellos where the salads are huge and fresh for less $$. I was also new to the neighborhood and there was a major difference in prices from the menu delivered to my complex compared to the menu AT the restaurant. I brought all of my concerns to Tara and she told me she couldn't do anything without the owners' consent and the owner wasn't there. Huh???  So many other great area places to eat at so don't waste your time here.
4	We arrived in Tempe tonight and checked into our hotel and saw their flyer. We decided to come over and it was karaoke night which was ok but it was extremely loud. The food was good. We did the family deal with pizza wings and knots for 21.99. Wings were good pizza was good knots not good at all. Overall well priced and good service. Downfall kids doing karaoke screaming and the knots.
3	Not bad, cheap food and cheap drinks, will go again. simple as that
