4	I guess I am still somewhat bitter that the practice was turned over.  However, I am adjusting to the new ownership under Dr. Herbert Vu.  Dr. Vu is personable and seems to be very knowledgeable about all things dentistry.  With that said, I am totally pleased that the former staff members remain as that is helping to ease the transition.  If things continue as they are, I am confident the newly named Myers Park Dental (formerly Sandra Boyd DDS) will receive 5 stars from me.
5	This place is absolutely wonderful.  My first appointment with them was earlier this week and I was impressed as soon as I set foot in the door. The office staff was pleasant, they acknowledged me as soon as I came in and my wait was minimal. I ended up having to have some major work done and Donna was excellent with getting my treatment plan together, explaining the process, and educating me on payment options. Dr. Vu gave me different options that were available for my procedure and was very knowledgeable and patient with me and my needs, never rushed me and answered all of my many, many questions (most dentists act like it kills them to spend time with their patient but Dr. Vu was sooooo patient and helpful) . This office was great and I have finally found my new dentist!!!! Great Job !!
4	Today, I am not happy with the dental practice and I have been patient (I checked my patience card). They called me to confirm my 9:00am appointment at 8:45am. I arrived at 8:57 but didn't begin service until 9:41. This isn't the first time. Okay, I spoke a bit too soon.  Yes, I had a long wait as I did on my last visit and I am not happy about that.  However, don't get me wrong, the staff is why I remained at this practice.  Dr. Vu hasn't done any work on my teeth but his demeanor is calm and confident.  I like him as a person/dentist and he seems to be very knowledgeable during conversations about my invisalign.  That said, perhaps braces would have been a better option for me.  At this point, I have to wait until after my refinement period to know whether the new format of my teeth will make me 100%  happy (right now I am at 90%).  I was hoping that after 10 months, I would be done but that is not the case and now, I know refinement is to be expected.  I just don't recall anyone telling me that previously.I am dropping the practice to 4 stars because of the slow service that needs improvement.
5	The front office staff is ALWAYS pleasant, helpful, and efficient. Stephanie will always be my favorite! I love the text and phone call reminders about my appointment--they're so helfpul! I never have to wait long and never have to go through a bunch of  hooplah to be seen. I have been visiting this office for several years now and never had I had an experience like the one I had with the new, yet experienced dental hygenist, Joy. She was truly a JOY to work with. She asked questions, gave me options, and was very thorough and and informative. She educated me on how to stay on top of my dental hygiene in between visits. She shows that she truly cares about her profession and the health and well-being of others. Truly an asset to the office.
