5	I'm not one to buy someone a gift for the sake of buying a gift. I mean, not that I won't or don't, it's just that if I really like you, the gift I give you should reflect it. You know, something thoughtful. Useful is good, too. And if there's a comfort factor, even better.Well, when looking for the perfect gift for a certain, special, particular about his stuff guy, I felt a little pressure. I ran through my options. Clothes were out.... as were a million other things that I know he'd scooped up on post-Thanksgiving sale.Then it occurred to me as I started putting the pieces of the gift-giving puzzle together where I needed to be: Sur la Table.They had everything I needed, as well as some other stuff I didn't even KNOW I needed until I got the thing I *did* need.Yeah. Sur la Table is *the* place for unusual, useful, and hard-to-find items for that unusual, practical, hard-to-shop-for person in your life.  And by unusual, I mean special.
5	IMO, Sur La Table is about 10 times better than Williams Sonoma only because the products appeal more to people my age and you get great service no matter who you are (unlike WS). I was strolling along the Miracle Mile Shops in Las Vegas and spotted this store (it was next to a trendy looking tattoo shop). When I walked into this place I could feel my pupils dilate, no joke. I took one look at the baking section and actually got butterflies! Sorry, babe. You're not the only one who gives them to me. Sur La Table carries mostly kitchen supplies and everything here is so nifty and cute. I couldn't help but smile at every other thing I passed by. The products here may be a little pricey but the employees here are so convincing (and very sweet) that you just end up buying it for their sake. Hey what can I say? Cake and nice people are my weaknesses.
5	This is probably my new favorite store in Las Vegas. I went in randomly around 9 PM on a Sunday night to see if they had some cutters I could use to make small polenta cakes. I was greeted right as I walked in and asked them this very random query, and the lady who assisted me led me right to some biscuit cutters perfect for my polenta, and they came in 3 different sizes for only $3. Win. After looking around some more with a friend, my inner gourmet chef started coming out as I started drooling over some of the most darling and innovative items on shelves which actually were not priced badly. In fact, most of the items I picked up I was surprised that it did not cost an arm and a leg. I ended up coming out of there with much sought-after garlic oil, the biscuit cutters, the CUTEST cupcake apron you could imagine, and some reusable chopsticks with the white good-luck cat on them. My total was less than $60. The checkout was quick and efficient, and we had a very lively young man who urged us to try a s'more brownie sample at the counter (which were heavenly, by the way!). This was a wonderful late-night shopping experience with very helpful and happy employees and I am so glad I decided to go in there. I'm sure anyone could find something in this impressive store.
5	i was so thrilled to find this store amongst the many other retail stores in the Miracle Mile shops.it took me about an hour to look at every little thing. they have such a huge selection of cookware: cake pans, skillets, dutch ovens, saute pans, and more. the amount of kitchen gadgets they carry is astonishing. it would take forever to list every single item down...very friendly and knowledgeable staff. i walked away from the store with a huge whisk and other miscellaneous baking utensils. SWEET.this is definitely a store i will return to on my future trips to vegas.
5	Okay - another gourmet cooking store stocking crap I don't need. Corn de-silker? Butter holder? Donut pans? Egg slicer? An espresso machine with it's own specially designed milk cooling device? What? I grew up in a household where we beat eggs with chopsticks, we had one large iron wok, and a heavy cleaver. We also had 1 blender which we didn't use. When home ec came around, the teacher thought my sister was an idiot for not knowing what an egg beater was (it was a sucky-ass girl school). So forgive me for thinking that this place is a little insane. But let me tell you one thing. If you go there, knowing what you want - ie, a nice knife, great pots and pans - it's not a bad place to scope things out. We went there today to look at various knives. The staff eagerly took numerous Santoku knives out for us. I tested the heft, balance and feel in my hands. Oh look! a convenient bowl of veggies that I can wreak havoc on. (rubbing hands, evil chuckle) I felt like a ninja. They cut through carrots like it's butter. All too soon, play time was over and I had to hand the new objects of desire over to the staff. But wait! Can it be? A sale? Yeah! the two coveted pieces are on sale. Being smart shoppers, we came home researched it online. They have the best deal. At Sur La Table. Unbelievable. I will now have to return for sure.
4	I love to cook and entertain. Next to Yelping, of course, it's my favorite hobby, and dammit, I'm a pretty good chef and hostess (horn tooting is allowed on Yelp, right?). In fact, friends have nicknamed me Betty Stewart (cross between Martha Stewart and Betty Crocker for you slow ones...LOL). Sur La Table is right up my alley. Cookware, prep tools, table top and linens, bakeware, lions, tigers and bears, OH MY! You name it, they got it, and decent prices! Just a few of my favorite departments to buy from: *seasonal holiday - tea towels, cake pans, sprinkles, etc in whatever holiday is coming up *bakeware - omg, where do I even start...loaf pans, novelty cake pans, ramekins in every size and shape imaginable... *prep tools - great locking tongs with silicone tips, microplane graters, perfect little lemon savers, this list could also be a novel *linens - napkins, placemats, tea towels (I'm not a tablecloth girl, I like to see my gorgeous wood table so just placemats for me...) For selection and price, Sur La Table beats Williams Sonoma. If we had a Crate and Barrel I would say they are fairly even, with Sur La Table offering more unique items with more variety with similar prices. Make sure you hit up the clearance section!
