3	Okay, it's going to be difficult to write a fair review considering the circumstances surrounding this visit.  My husband spotted this shop after we just spent a ridiculous amount of money to buy a washer and dryer across the street.  He literally careens around the corner to get there and jumps out of the car like he's on fire to "beat the band of fat people" heading in.  Just as to not offend anyone, they were actually average-sized people.  He refers to everyone, including himself, as "fat people" when they are indulging.  After all of this, he refuses to order anything because they are out of chocolate shavings and there's "nothing else" he wants.  What does he want, a beer float?Now that we can move on to the review, Cold Stone gets points for allowing you to create your own concoction of ice cream flavors and toppings.  I think the ice cream is good, probably better than average.  But, I didn't find the staff to be particularly friendly.  And that was before the chocolate shaving incident.  Would return if I'm in the neighborhood, but would not go out of my way.
4	My favorite ice cream shop, though the prices are a little pricey.  They have seating either inside or outside.  I don't go to often anymore but they always have new and great flavors.  I usually get sweet cream and butterfingers in it.  Very good!
4	Nothing much to be said about this establishment that you don't already know or that you have read about or that you have experienced. However with that being said let me just say if you have not had the banana ice cream with real fresh bananas, Carmel sauce, and nuts mixed in....placed in a warm waffle cone.....then you have not truly tried a Cold stone treat to savor for all time people....wohoooo!!!! Try it...Try it...Try it...trust me you won't be disappointed. Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!!!
1	Closed... GONE UNDER, OUTTA HERE.. See ya later, bye bye..
4	This location had closed for like a year but it is back in business for a few months already.We have been there about 3 times this year.Staff has been friendly and consistent (prior to closing I had complains about some employees being kind of stingy)I am not giving them 5 stars because this location does not give the frequent customer cards, they will punch them if you have one, but they don't carry them : (
4	Now for those of you who didn't know this location had closed for awhile....but now it is back open. It is still serving the awesome BANANA ice cream I talked about in my original review. I don't see that any real changes took place....maybe it was a health code issue.....or maybe it was financial......no one really knows. However it is back and I am personally glad to see it. Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!!!
4	Whoever invented ice cream was a genius! This place is great. Lots to choose from or make your own. The "sundaes" taste great. After being closed for a year, it is good to see them back. Good, friendly customer service and a clean store.
1	The staff argues with the customer about bad tasting ice cream. When I asked for a replacement it was an argument an all I wanted was it switched out. I wasn't trying to get anything free.
