3	Random little side bar at Caesar's, where you can grab a drink and have a quick sit before continuing your gambling spree. It's not glamorous by a long shot, and the selection of booze leaves a bit to be desired. It's pretty meh by most accounts. However, during my visit on a Sunday afternoon, a drunk and slightly belligerent Brazilian guy was being a complete dick to the bartender for no reason, and I have to hand it to the bartender for not reaching over the bar and punching the guy in the throat. So while the drink was ho-hum, I definitely give it to the bar staff for their decorum. :)
5	came here on a Friday night and the DJ was spinning too 40 music.  The small danced floor was packed with good looking people just having a good time.  This place is small and intimate.  I like it better than the big clubs and assh@ole bouncers.  It's only open till 3am so the people with energy to keep partying went to Drais.
4	ANOTHER ALTERNATIVE TO PURE NIGHTCLUBI came here 2 years ago in November 2011. This is right across from Old Homestead Steakhouse. I describe this place as quaint. That's a perfect description to this nightclub/ bar. Personally I like the decor here than at Pure. There's an intimate vibe that you feel here than at Pure. The dance floor is extremely small. The crowd tends to be older while the younger crowd (21-25 years of age) goes to Pure. Occasionally you'll see some younger crowd here to buy drinks. That's what is cool you get a mixture of old and young without the weird vibe of seeing older people at Pure. The music played is Top 40. The best part of The Gossy Room is from what I observed that you don't pay an entrance fee for the dance floor. The only thing you pay for are the drinks at bar. So if you go to Pure you can come here for a while and then go back to Pure. After dinner at Old Homestead Steakhouse you can come here for drinks and to dance. If you decide that you don't want to go to Pure because of the big crowd you can have a great nightclub time here. Surprisingly The Gossy Room is a hidden gem and because of it the one quality that The Gossy Room has is character. I thought what kind of character that brings a mixture of younger and older crowd to this place. There is a Mad Men appeal at The Gossy Room.
5	It's like I didn't leave NY. The bouncer is from Astoria, the bartenders are from Brooklyn and Bellevue.. the music is rap meets pop minus a decade and the choice of alcohol is Hennssey.
