4	I really enjoy Mexican food, but lets face it, us Brits make a pretty poor job of it.Chiquito actually takes this poor job and improves upon it. It is basically like TGI Fridays but Mexican food. I usually go for lunch as on the lunch menu you can have 1, 2 or 3 courses for a set price. So you can get a good decent munch at a reasonable price.I went here for dinner with my boyfriend, I think we had a coupon or something to make it cheap. We ordered the Nachos to start which was a bit of a mistake as they were massive and ended up leaving us too full to eat the main. Drop by for some Nachos and you will be sorted out good and proper.
2	Chiquito is to Mexican food what TGI Friday's is to American food. For the most part they have a similar ethos: big, wholesome portions alongside average flavours.I found the nachos here to be well in the 'overkill' category. Immense portions and way too much sour cream justify this, nonetheless my chums whom had not ordered a starter where pleased to help me out.Like the starter, the mains exhibit the same qualities leading to a pretty average meal, nothing special.There' more personal and tastier Mexican restaurants in Edinburgh than Chiquito, not my favourite.
2	Not impressed. Perhaps because I have been able to enjoy Mexican food in the States, where it's closer to the source and probably more authentic. I found Chiquito to be a bit like a Mexican Friday's, with the glossy menu and the focus on expensive alcohol drinks.I did still want a margarita, which I found to be only reasonably decent. Too much triple sec and ice, not nearly enough tequila. I didn't send it back, but I didn't have another. Still, it was a treat with the chips and salsa. It's the salsa I like - big pieces of tomato with plenty of spicy pepper mixed in. Easy for scooping.My main - enchiladas with chicken - was served in a crock bowl on a ceramic plate. The bowl was extremely hot of course as was most of the meal. I was therefore unhappy as I ate from the outside towards the center, only to find the center was only warm. I didn't send this back either. The flavor was good, including the small amount of guacamole on top, but that temperature put me off.I chose not to risk a dessert. In the end, my craving for Mexican was not satisfied. I would not return.
2	This place just comes across as desperate...sorry, it does. Every single time I walk past here BAR NONE i've been accosted and hastled by people trying to get me in, and I walk in this area a lot.As Amy said, they don't really do Mexican very well. Upon one particular accosting, my friends and I, rather tiddly, decided ok why not. Big mistake. The tortilla's were soggy and the food wasn't really all that spicy. AND they did one of the most henus things you can do in my company - poured warm (white) wine and ran out of coriander.Sorry Chiquito, you've lost me
4	I don't understand why Chiquito's has gotten so many bad reviews! Having dined here twice, the food has been quite impressive. Sure the choice of dishes on the menu are quite commercially Mexican, but if one takes the price into consideration, it's actually a good deal.The restaurant is quite central, and is just off Princes Street. The decor was predictable, and I didn't find it hard to picture a pinata party in there! The last time I was there was for a fifteen person heavy birthday dinner, and I remember everyone being satisfied with the food. I was especially excited to try their Chimichangas, which is just awesome enough to say..Chimichangas, Chimichangas, Chimichangas...hehe. This was followed by some battered and fried bananas with chocolate dipping sauce, yum!I will agree that there's probably another restaurant in Edinburgh that serves more authentic Mexican dishes, but for a no frills, wholesome (and affordable!) evening out Chiquito's isn't so bad!
4	The "Fridaysisation", for want of a better word, of Chiquito, seems to be a recurring them throughout these reviews, and it is indeed quite annoying. I remember the days when Chiquito was done up more like an Aztec temple, which was equally as naff and possibly historically inaccurate, but it made it feel that bit more exciting. Those memories, mainly from the now possibly demolished Kinnaird Park branch, may be gone. Chiquito's menu may now include some options that are about as authentically Mexican as me wearing a sombrero and stick-on mustache, and there may be a few too many balloons about, but I don't care. A Beef Chimichanga, spiced up with a few jalapenos, and a side of refried beans, is still as delicious as it was in the 1990s heydey when Mexican food was still moderately interesting. I can't comment on anything else, as since my first visit to Chiquito at about 10 years old, I've never once tried anything else. It may not be a great restaurant, but that really is a tremendous dish.
5	We went here for lunch as it was quite cheap (6 pounds for a main, 8 for a main and a starter).  We were very happy with the food, particularly the nachos melt we got as a starter, which was filling enough to be a meal to itself, made with what seemed to be home-made chips and salsa.  The burrito was also very good and filling.  I would recommend going for lunch, or only getting some large nachos -- the other dishes are too expensive for what they are on the evening menu.
4	This is the first and only Mexican restaurant I've tried here, so I have nothing to compare it to.I thought the restaurant was a bit dark and the atmosphere made me want to curl up and take a nap.  But then my food arrived, and I woke right up!Chimichangas!!!! I love these things!! They are surely not a healthy option, so I don't eat them often. I've definitely had better, but I still thought they did pretty good and I left very happy and very stuffed. :-)
3	I am supposed to hate Chiquito's more than I really do. It's a chain, food is generic Mexican fare, and you aren't exactly dining out on 5 star cuisine. But I don't hate it. Given the choice, I would choose elsewhere, but really, it's not bad. Granted, the prawn fajitas I had were delivered on a terrifyingly hot (all of food came with a base of charcoal) tray didn't carry any particular level of flavour, but it wasn't bad. I can't belittle the service because it was OK. Not great, but OK. Enchilada's appeared within minutes of ordering (OK, that worried me about the freshness of preparation... ie. not) and were left to die a death under a heater, but the boy ate them without complaint. Cocktails - I wouldn't bother with. Not the finest. However, what I do like about Chiquito's is that it does offer numerous vegetarian options, so when dining out with a big family, I had more options than I am normally accustomed to. So that gets a reluctant star. Chiquito's - I don't like you, but for average fare, you excell nicely.
1	I decided to order food for take away from this restaurant as I love mexican food but had to get home quickly. The service was good, no doubt about that, and while I didn't actually eat in the restaurant I could see it was lovely inside and clean. That is the good part. Now on to the bad part. THE FOOD! As someone who loves mexican food I enjoy trying new mexican restaurants to dine in. This was by far the worst mexican food I have ever tasted in my life. Absolutley revolting with no taste and small portions for the price. Both my wife and I were furious at having paid the price we did for food we could have made at home ourselves that would have tasted much better.I cannot stress this enough - AVOID CHIQUITO LIKE THE PLAGUE!Yes it looks like a nice place from the outside but that is all. If you want good mexican then Mariachis in the Grassmarket is still the best place in my book. From what I remember the Basement Bar on Broughton Street does good fajitas as well.
3	This is the second time I have been here and I still was not impressed. On a positive note the staff was great. They were super helpful and nice and were working hard. I gave an extra star just for the staff themselves. Had a margarita while we waited for a seat. It was ok wasnt great wasnt bad, but it did have booze in it as I could taste it so thats a good thing. Not enough to make me run around like Pancho-Villa but enough for me to taste it so I was ok with that. The food was not good, Im sorry, but the nachos were burned and were mostly chips and not many goodies or cheese. Maybe it was just the kitchen staff was super busy or something but still , nachos are not that hard to mess up. But if you want a margarita or mexican drinks and cant get into another mexican restaurant  or want to see a free comedy show downstairs in a basement this is where to go.
5	One of the best Mexican joints we came across outside the states. Great mojitos especially spicy ginger As far as the dishes spicy chicken burrito and chicken fajita are great.Highly recommend it
5	Now I know that Yelp is supposed to be more about the local independent retailers so please bear with me while I wax lyrical about a national chain. My fellow Yelpers I have three words for you...Sweet Potato Fries! I know we in Edinburgh are all crazy for the sweet potato fries but I will come to them in good time. I love mexican food but I've traditionally avoided Chiquito's because I assumed it was the mexican equivalent of a Frankie and Bennys. Whilst it's still a chain brand, and you can tell from the decor inside, I'm willing to forgive the place for it on the standard of drinks and food you get here. I'm a sucker for cocktails and they have a really impressive looking menu here. Sadly I had to drive my friend to pick up her car after dinner so I couldn't have a proper cocktail. On the plus side they do also make 'mocktails' so instead of a mojito I had a 'mock jito' which tasted just like a mojito but minus the rum. As a predominantly non-alcoholic drinker I was seriously impressed with the mocktails. Having a diet coke all the time when you go out for dinner gets pretty boring so I really appreciated being able to enjoy something a bit more grown up minus the alcohol. (I also had a Citrus Punch which was my favourite of the two mocktails I had.)For food my friend and I ordered off the specials menu they have on the table, sharing the tostadas. These are like little toasted tortillas with toppings like pulled BBQ pork, chorizo and sweet corn or sweet potato and feta on them. They were also served with a cranberry salsa...cranberry salsa? I was skeptical but it was really nice and totally complimented the tostadas. The best I can describe it is almost like a sweet, spicy cranberry relish rather than salsa.   For main I opted for a chimichanga. Those of you who know mexican food will probably understand the conflicted emotions I experienced whilst eating my main meal. It was bloody delicious but it's essentially a deep fried burrito so all the while I'm eating it my inner monologue is going 'oh chimichanga you are so tasty nom nom nom, OMG YOU'RE EATING A DEEP FRIED BURRITO, THINK OF THE CALORIES WOMAN!!' On top of that I had some sweet potato fries on the side, yes the aforementioned sweet potato fries. Not only were they skinny sweet potato fries but the were also crispy. (They were probably also deep fried, oh god the guilt.) I'd like to think I'd go out of my way for less when it comes to sweet potato fries but the food is really nice so it's actually not much of a hardship. Mexican food and sweet potato fries? Bonus. The great thing was that the price wasn't completely off the charts. The specials menu was really good value for money though I definitely want to come back here to try a proper cocktail and obviously for more sweet potato fries!
1	This place is nothing special. We ordered margaritas and nachos (because they wouldnt serve a basket of chips and salsa for 3 people). I think we may have been the first people to ever order a margarita there. It was as if they had to get the blender out of storage. They took forever! We were done with our nachos by the time the drinks even came out. We questioned multiple times to one another of there was even any tequila in them, they were so weak. There were giant chunks of ice that made it impossible to drink out of a straw and generally they were a real let down. I guess that is what I get for expecting a good margarita in Scotland.
