4	This is a great animal hospital with a friendly caring staff.It is kind of fun to visit because they have two office cats that pretty much own the place.  My dog goes nuts trying to get to them every trip.I have been taking my Jack Russel "Jackass" to them for years....highly recommended.
5	My new kitten got sick the first week I got her. In a panic I took her to VCA. They were so good with her. I felt very comfortable with them taking care of what ever the problem was. As well they could not be nicer to me. I received follow up calls which was great. I recommend these guys for sure.
5	Great staff and friendly service.. couldn't ask for a better place to take my pug, Snoop. I would highly recommend this animal hospital.
5	I brought my 80 pound crazy Austrailian Cattle Dog here for a checkup, shots and some dental cleaning.  Let's just say that he is socially challenged and takes a bit of time and effort before he really warms up to people.  The staff here did everything to work with him and make him feel comfortable without manhandling him.  It did take a second visit and some nice doggie downers to get the shots and bloodwork done but his return for dental work went much better.  Very impressed with the professionalism of Dr. Walker and his staff.  They followed up with me and showed genuine concern for the well being of my hiking buddy.  On top of that, the bill was incredibly reasonable.  They have become my regular vet for my dog now and any pets I may have in the future.
1	Never go to a place like his for shots. They try to sneak in an extra $60 fee for an "exam", plus you still get to pay for the shot after that. You can get the same shots from Maricopa County for $20. Call 602.506.7387 for more information.http://www.maricopa.gov/pets/vaccinations.aspx
5	First time taking Charlie here for her last shot after we adopted her. The staff is extremely friendly and helpful as well. Our doctor was great at answering all the questions we had (being first time puppy parents) Location is also perfect walking distance and next to one of our favorite breakfast joints- Scramble! Which is dog friendly :) Definitely will be Charlie's permanent doggy hospital.
5	I am really, really picky about the Vet I let treat my pet. With that said. I have been very happy with Dr Walker.  I like the fact he gets down on the floor with Pepper during his exam., he is extremely gentle and through.  Pepper has Valley Fever and Dr Walker has been working with us to get her medicine.and blood tests regulated.  Any questions or treatment options concerning Pepper's health are explained in terms we can understand. His assistants and staff are very friendly and caring. It is easy to get an appointment and you do not have to wait long before being seen. Pepper loves Dr Walker and the staff at Mountain View, she gives them a 2 paws up.
5	We have been going to VCA for over 8 years now for our cats and dogs and would never go anywhere else.  Both of our dogs have had a number of medical issues.  Dr. Walker has been fantastic for so many reasons. He gets down on the floor and gets eye to eye with our dogs.  As owners, he makes us feel as if he loves our dog more than any other that comes in the door.  We feel that he is fairly conservative in what tests and/or procedures he recommends and takes one step at a time.  He has also been honest when our issue is out of his realm of expertise and has made excellent recommendations to specialists.  He is patient with us when we have a lot of questions and always follows up with written material when applicable.  The office's long term staff are fantastic and always seem so happy to see us.  Christina the office manager has been there for as long as we have been going and has become like a friend.  We would highly recommend Dr. Walker and his staff to anyone.
5	I've had problems in the past with VCA vets overcharging and treating you like a number, so I did NOT want to go here, even for free, with my AZ Humane Society cat & dog for their included checkup, but the team here totally blew me away.  The staff has been incredibly friendly and professional for both visits, but specifically with the dog I just adopted.  Tech Heather and Dr Walker were really fantastic-- super personable and knowledgeable.  I'm pretty sure I'm coming back here to get her treatment she needs in the near future instead of my regular vet, and I never would have believed that before.  Thank you, guys!
5	We chose VCA Mountain View because it was closer to our home. Every time we take our dogs to VCA MV, we are treated so nicely. The staff are friendly and helpful. The Vet Techs and Vets are extremely thorough and friendly as well.  Before they treat the dog or cat, they give you a print out of what it is going to cost. The facility is extremely clean. There are two resident cats that also live at VCA Mountain View as well. The only downside is that there is limited handicapped parking. There are only two spots (one is always taken, and the other is on a hill). Other than that, we are glad we chose VCA MV and Dr. Chapman!
