3	The dim sum is okay here.  It's no SF or NY like the other guy says; but, there is really nowhere else to go in Charlotte.  But, do skip this one for dinner, it's not that good.
3	If you like dim sum, you'll want to try this place out.  However, if you like the idea of eating dim sum while watching the cartoon network on a 50" high def TV, you'll want to make your reservations immediately.TV aside, the dim sum was of pretty decent quality.  Not the best.  Far from the worst.  The restaurant itself is of the typical banquet hall design.  No real style or atmosphere.  The bathrooms are rough.Although I liked the food, there were no real standout dishes.  Just journeyman dim sum.  Eat and dash, no time spent reminiscing over the meal.For my money, I'll stick with Dim Sum on Central in Plaza Midwood.
4	First, a disclaimer: I grew up chasing the best dim sum in Atlanta with my comfort-food-starved-family, and I've tasted the dim sum delights of countless cities including Hong Kong. I understand that Charlotte, NC probably won't host the dim sum mecca we ABCs of the Carolinas are looking for.That being said, I'd have to say that Dragon Court hits the spot when traveling to Asia isn't on your agenda.Finding Dragon Court can be a little unsettling. As you're walking through the desolate shopping center courtyard, you'll see rows of abandoned shopping carts, an empty water garden, a stack or two of broken wooden pallets, and a coin operated merry-go-round. We almost didn't make it.Upon entering Dragon Court, however, you'll find that it's ambiance is pretty similar to many dim sum restaurants. One thing that's a little weird is that as soon as you sit down, pretty much every available food cart will flock to you. I guess since I've never been on a particularly busy day, the servers seek out customers specifically rather than just circling the restaurant waiting for you to flag them down.I've been to the other Dim Sum restaurant, and dish versus dish, I felt like Dragon Court wins out. My favorite dim sum staples are all pretty much there, too. My trusty dining partner said he'd be a little intimidated to go it alone without me, but that's the beauty of dim sum: there's so little commitment. Because it's just a series of tiny dishes, if you hate it, move on.Ultimately, Dragon Court satisfies my need for the occasional dim sum to break the monotony of Sunday brunches of eggs benedict and sweet and savory crepes (ooo actually those sound tasty at the moment...).
3	If you order from the "american" menu, there's really no reason to come pothole dodging. But the "authentic" menu is worth the time. Not that its particularly vegetarian friendly, but the three things that are... are pretty awesome. And inexpensive (all $8 each). Not a lot of Dim Sum we can eat either, but that isn't too surprising. Salt and pepper bean curd: crispy crunchy flash-fried cubes of soft tofu goodness, topped with shredded dried chilis, deep fried shallots, sliced green onion. Spicy, clean, savory. Sitting atop a bed of crispy deep fried rice noodles. So much flavor for so few ingredients, very awesome.Greens are about perfect, but it saddens me to have to pay as much for an order of choy sum as I'd pay for a "main". Ah well.I made the mistake of ordering something from the afore mentioned ameri-menu (Ma Po tofu, what are you doing over there?) and was presented with a soupy pile of canned mushrooms, frozen peas and carrots, and tofu swimming in an uninspired black bean hoisin sauce. Meh.So come to the court for the Dim Sum (if you're a meater) or the Salt and Pepper tofu and greens. If you want lo mein or general tso's whatever, might as well order it from the place 'round the corner.
2	Dim Sum is not good at all.  This restaurant is better than Dim Sum on Central.  That is not really saying much.  The dishes seem frozen and not fresh.  The dim sum was bland and not much variety.  I do not expect Charlotte to have the quality dim sum of large cities.  However, I do expect the staple dim sums such as chicken feet, shrimp rice noodles and other to be at least good.  However, they are not.  Recommendations for dim sum is to drive to Atlanta.
2	Sad sad sad.As everyone in Charlotte surely knows by now, there are not a lot of dim sum options in the city.  That being said, the two Charlotte dim sum restaurants (Dragon Court, Dim Sum Restaurant) have a history of being  generally decent on average (at least through my narrow Asian eyes), and on their best days they could actually give the illusion that they might fit in as a middle-level dim sum place in Vancouver or LA.So with the knowledge that Christmas day is a popular dim sum day for Chinese families in Charlotte, you would think Dragon Court would bring its A-game for dim sum lunch right?  Right?Seriously, Dragon Court, WTF?THE GOODCheng Fun (rice paper rolls with BBQ pork or shrimp): Perhaps the only thing I thoroughly enjoyed.  The noodle rolls were appropriately soft and silky which is one of the hardest techniques to master, so clearly the badness of the rest of the food couldn't be contributed to lack of skill.  All the rolls had a decent ratio of meat in them as well.  Finally, the cheng fun came out nice and hot, which is more than can be said for several of the other dishes we ate.Pork Spare Ribs: Done in my favorite style with black bean sauce  Solid amount in each portion, tender and flavorful meat, also came out hot.  That's really about the last good thing we ate.THE BADDim Sum Temperature: Everything other than the cheng fun and pork spare ribs came out room temperature.  There is ZERO excuse for this crap.  It wasn't like the restaurant was empty and food sat in the carts for a long time.  I'll give a little leeway if food doesn't come out as hot as when it was made, but room temperature is unacceptable.Textures: The textures of several of the dishes were just all wrong.  What do I mean by this?  Carrot cake (taro, carrot, meat) is supposed to be soft and moist, but it came out way over-dried.  Ha gow (steamed shrimp dumplings) are supposed to have thin dumpling skins but these came out way too thick and chewy.  Baked pork buns should never be burnt on the bottom, which of course happened here.  They even managed to make me not enjoy my egg tart as much as it was clear these were store bought frozen instead of made in-house or bought at a bakery due to the lack of a flaky pastry shell.Dead Time: As my father says, the number one killer of any dim sum experience is not getting food out in a continuous manner.  It just destroys the flow of the meal.  There was one point where we had finished eating what we ordered in the first go-around of carts in about 10 minutes and nothing else came out of kitchen for an additional 10 minutes after that.  20 minutes to make more dim sum?  Absolutely no pacing of bringing out food?  Come on, Dragon Court, I know you're better than that.PURGATORYAtmosphere: The ambience is always in purgatory for places like these.  If you don't mind a big screen TV turned up during all dining hours for the kids to watch, then you will have no problem with this place in terms of atmosphere.  Certainly don't expect traditional Western cuisine service.OVERALLThis most recent Christmas experience was certainly one-star worthy.  I had never left a Christmas dim sum lunch in Charlotte less than fully satisfied until that meal.  The only reason Dragon Court gets one more star is because I KNOW it can do better than what we got.  I've had better in the very same restaurant.  Consider this review the first two strikes though.
5	We were the only client today after a table of 10 left. Jan 11, 2011 is still a state of emergence for North Carolina and it was so damp, cold and rainy. The ice was slippery that having hot delicious dim sum was what I needed the most to relieve the gloomy mood.. I am so impressed that they were opened. Good service. The food was made immediately and even my friend whose non Asian had a good experience. Thumbs up to their fish & egg plant.
1	11/13/10Don't ever come here!!  Should've known better than to stay and try the food,  after having to wait several minutes before being greeted by our server (the restaurant was empty except for seated employees about to have a meal); It took more than ten minutes before we were given glasses of water.  Service was very slow (the noodles arrived first, and that was half an hour or more after we arrived); our server was surly, almost to the point of rudeness; and my nephew and I even checked out the aquarium there-- it was almost void of live fish (maybe one swimming), w/ dead fish and excrement floating in the cloudy water.  NASTY!  But (and there's always a "but" in these kinds of reviews, isn't there?) we were starving... Next time, I will insist on going somewhere else, especially when there are many signs telling us to!  (Funnily enough, the restroom here wasn't that bad...  I'm thinking maybe not many people came to eat here, so the restrooms aren't used much?  LOL)Total bill was just under $50, w/ minimal tip.  Food included about six dim sum plates, a beef stir-fry, lo mein noodles, tea, and water.  The only item all of us liked here (Mom, sister, my nephew, and me) were the noodles!  The beef stir-fry was the only thing I thought was palatable, w/ some of the meat tougher than the others.  (Don't even get me started on the dim sum fillings!) I'd never recommend this place for dim sum to anyone!  I wouldn't be surprised to hear this place closing down very soon, if it isn't already. What a horrible experience.  :(
4	Ever heard the saying "dont judge a book by the cover"?Dragon Court is located inside Asiancorner Mall. The parking lot is dilapidated and unreal. Right after make your entrance to the mall, there are piles of abandon shopping cart, fish pond which doesn't have any fishes nor water LoL (Why? i was inform that it is the property-owner's issues) I can see why a lot of people would completely get turn off by it' cover.Despise the horrific atmosphere, I'm only after the "Quality of foods" in the place. there is plenty claiming Chinese-restaurant in Charlotte but how many of them providing real "Authentic" Chinese food? probably 1 or 2 out of 15. (sesame chicken, chicken lowmein... really? man get out of Here!!! these aren't real Chinese's food). There are two dim-sum restaurant in Charlotte, if you compare dishes by dishes between the 2 places yeah there are some competition. but as portion and prices, DragonCourt win on this one, hands down.  I took a real closer look at both of the DragonCourt's kitchen and dim-sum menus, I was surprisingly shock of how cheap it is. Of course you will have to know what to order.I'm Chinese, A lot of my American friends misunderstanding this place of being slow/bad service. which it is understandable. In order to get a full Dim-sum experience, it has to be in the weekend from 11am-2:30pm where there are workers pushing the dim-sum cart around from table to table. All you have to do is sit, talk, ask questions and enjoy. If it is on busy day, you have to be a little aggressive or else you'll sitting there crying for "No Foods".  I know you're paying for your foods and all But this is Chinese Restaurant and you wont get to treat as the king. hmm 4/5 of being authentic Chinese foods.
5	Low and behold. I am back reviewing at a Chinese restaurant in Charlotte in the "dangerous" area of asian corner. And do I have an update for everyone who said not to go here.My family and I have heard that a good friend who used to cook at a place before yelp's time was back at it again in Charlotte. And we definitely had to come eat his food again. The restaurant has taken a new turn for the better with this chef. They also replaced furniture and made it look better.If you want some authentic Chinese, and you don't mind trying new food then follow what I ordered and you won't go wrong. This chef has cooked world wide and from, yes you guessed it. Hong Kong. So this is what we ordered: duck feet, chinese broccoli with garlic, and fish. Three dishes, and all amazing. I can't comment on the price as I didn't pick up the tab. Overall since this chef is back, I will definitely be back to eat his food. (Note the date of this review as the chef will be leaving the country in a year...)
2	I am very particluar about which Chinese restaurants to review, but I felt compelled to put some observations together for those of you who are traveling to Charlotte and by chance think you will find some authentic Chinese food.  My conference in Charlotte is through the week and I was torn between this restaurant and DIM SUM restaurant based on my fellow yelpers.  With decision made, I set out on a Monday early evening to Asian Corner.  It really made me "sad" to traverse the run down mall in order to get to the restaurant because I could see this establishment as some asian entrepeneur's dream to create somewhat of an Asian area of Charlotte that would concentrate the typical dim sum house, asian bakery, Cantonese bbq take out, and nail shops.  What I saw was an asian experiment gone south, so to speak: Every store struggling, in need of renovation, and desperate for business.It is not difficult for me to overlook the surroundings if I can find a place that offers really authentic Cantonese cuisine.  So, I sit down to a completely empty resturant and order my Cantonese standards:  Hong Kong style won ton soup to start; sub gum Cantonese Chow Mein (pan fried noodles) as the entree; and since this place does offer dim sum an order of shark fin dumplings and fried shrimp balls.Ok, here goes... I got the soup and the broth was smooth with the raw green onions, the problem was with the dumplings. Hong Kong style should be a balanced combination of ground pork and shrimp.  These dumplings had no shrimp and the pork really had a bad, leathery texture which concerned me, for one, I could not exactly pinpoint if it truly was pork I was chewing, and two... the ground pork part really had a bland taste with too pink of a color which was discovered after splitting the second dumpling in half.  The order contained 3 but I had to stop at this point.  The sub gum Cantonese Chow Mein was presented in a large quantity and the noodles were crispy on the very outer rim while the base contained bbq pork, beef, shrimp, chicken, squid, straw mushrooms, way too much carrot and entirely too much gail lan (Chinese broccolli) strips.  The beef, chicken, and bbq pork were fine it was the shrimp that really did not taste right.... too fishy and way too chewy.  Also, I literally had to remove the squid and put it aside as my teeth could not break down the meat.  I found the straw mushrooms had a weird flavor as well... something like having been in the can way too long and starting to turn. The sauce for the noodles was the ever-preset and way too watery "brown" sauce.  So with this dish, you need enough sauce to soften the crispy noodles while keeping the flavor consistent for all the ingredients, however, this version was swimming in it to the point that made everything soggy.  So, I wanted to flatter myself and try two dim sum varieties even though it was dinner time.  The shark fin had the exact same problem as the won tons - no shrimp with the weird leathery pork pieces in the filling.  The fried shrimp balls were completely tasteless and did not have the crunchy outer coating I expect when splurging on these deep fried dim sum varieties.I appreciate the attempts and search by my fellow yelpers who really know good, authentic Cantonese dim sum and cuisine.  Unfortunately, its not here and I can only imagine the worst of surprises that would await those who want to order classic stir fry dishes and the level of wok hei that would result.  Couple that with the "sad" surroundings, it is best to stay away.  I am chaning my food search for the rest of the week to southern bbq and southern meat and 3s, the cuisine I think this city is more known for and more fitting to the region.
4	Dim sum was very good.  They make their own chow Finn which is excellent.  Their boneless duck feet is an excellent appetizer to try.  Service was very good, just overlook the appearance of the shopping mall.  Will definately go back.
3	So... you know those cartoons where there is a tent out in the desert and people are trudging through the sand dunes, finally arriving at a small tent... only to find out that inside there is a massive expanse of luxury and opulence?  That's a little bit like the experience you have when you come to Dragon Court.I would NEEEEVER have tried this place on my own, had I not decided to take a Chinese cooking class through CPCC (really fun, you should check it out).  IAC, one of the classes was held in this strip mall, where we walked through the Asian grocery stores talking about ingredients, and culminating with lunch at this restaurant.The parking lot is atrocious.  The entrance to the mall itself is set back under a pagoda-shaped sign.  Once you do enter it, everything is filthy, with leaves strewn about.  The floor is gritty, like a construction site.  It must be years since this place has been swept.  I trudged past dozens (it seemed, not sure how many) of empty storefronts, with the windows plastered in newspaper.  WAYYY back in the corner of the mall, past the empty pond and overturned shopping carts lies the entrance to Dragon Court.  It was DEFINITELY peer pressure that kept me from walking back out to my car, bc by this time I was askeered!  Once inside, however, the atmosphere was completely different.The restaurant itself seemed fairly large, with many large round tables complete with the giant lazy susan-type things in the middle.  Chairs are cushioned and comfortable.  Everything seemed clean inside (whew!)  Our teacher ordered for us so that we could try many things.  I kept the menu so I'd know exactly what I liked the best.  We tasted:Fried Sesame Seed Dumplings $2.65/3 Pork Roll with Oyster Sauce $2.65/3 (loved these!)Steamed Roast Pork Bun $2.65/2Beef Ball 2.85/3 (nobody at either table liked these very much)Stuffed eggplant 2.85/3 (my biggest surprise.  Loved them!  Stuffed with shrimp)Shrimp dumpling 2.85/4Taro strip on shrimp biscuit 2.85/3 (Yummy!  the taro strips were crispy, like shoestring potatoes)Little Juicy Steamed Bun 3.40/4 I think that the only things I wouldn't order again were the sesame seed dumplings and the beef ball.  Overall, I was quite impressed with the service for our group of at least 16, who ordered quite a lot of food.  In addition, the prices seemed quite reasonable.  I tend to be a "taster", forcing my poor husband to give me bites of whatever he has ordered, so the concept of Dim Sum really appeals to me, as well.Should you survive the gauntlet of the parking lot and entry, I think that you will enjoy yourself.
4	Friendly service, delicious dim sum, and reasonable prices.  This is definitely not American Chinese and that's exactly what I was looking for.  The surrounding area is not the prettiest to look at (torn up parking lot, trash, closed shops, etc.) but it's great once you get inside.
2	I remember a long time ago when this place was the bomb -- or even the whole Asian Corner Mall that it's situated in.  Now, after watching poor maintenance of the area manifest itself after about 8 or so years, the restaurant seems to have done the same.  Food started going downhill for this place a few years back (I think the head cook changed), because some of the Dim Sum either looked different or didn't taste as good.  But usually I could tolerate it because the food simply went from extraordinary to average; I didn't mind driving 40 minutes to get here and eat with friends and family.  But the most recent time I went, the service was abysmal.  We had a large group that took up two tables, so it was understandable they would try and isolate us from the rest of the smaller groups.  But having sat in the corner of the room, my entire table was blocked off from the carts of food going around, and we were given no attention.  So my issue was not that it was particularly bad service, but just none at all.  Needless to say, we were so hungry that we left for the sandwich shop nearby.  I have confidence that there's no way the next time I go the service will be nearly as bad.  It was truly a disappointment.
3	I come here for Dim Sum on Sundays.  The food is good, but sometimes it can be hard to get the right stuff to come around and last week my friend had to ask several times to get an order of steamed pork dumplings.I haven't been to Dim Sum on Central though so this is my only Dim Sum experience.
5	I was so happy to find a place that serves something other than American Chinese food.  I have never been on the weekends for Dim Sum, so it is almost always empty, which is a shame.Stick to the "real" Chinese food portion of the menu and you can't go wrong.  The pork belly melted in my mouth; I can't imagine how many steps and the time it takes to prepare something so perfect.  I also recommend the Chinese broccoli and the stuffed eggplant (from the Dim Sum menu).  Now I just need to save room for the banh mi place next Dragon Court.
3	This rating is just for the dim sum dining. The food here is decent and reasonably priced. They have a solid variety of dishes to pick from, although nothing blew me out of the water. However, this is the most legit dim sum you can get in Charlotte so if that's what you're craving, this is my recommended go to place. The restaurant is quite large and is located in the Asian Corner Mall. The location seems a little shady as most of the mall is closed down/abandoned and the parking lot is riddled with potholes.
4	For Charlotte this is a decent dim sum restaurant, of course places like Atlanta, Philadelphia and the west coast will have better place with a larger Asian population. But this is pretty decent. The location is hard to find and for many they will find the location a little sketchy. But I assure you the food is good and it's authentic Chinese, not the crappy "American" Chinese that we're all use to. Come on the weekends in the morning for the dim sum cart. If not they do take orders for them throughout the week.
4	Yes I'm a fan of their steamed rice rolls in pork and beef. I'm happy that I can find such a place that similar to those Dim Sum place in NY, other than all those American Chinese I found in Charlotte. This is definitely my go to restaurant next time I have Dim Sum cravings. Of course it's not like those in big cities with large Chinese population like NYC, SF, LA, DC, the menu is limited, but the taste is decent (especially the steamed rice rolls!!!). Don't let the restaurant location and outside fool you, so far this is the best Dim Sum I can find in Charlotte.
3	Food was good, nothing extraordinary, but good enough to scratch a dim sum itch. Service was a bit slow, but very friendly.Note: this is located in a very run-down mall, with a very worn out parking lot - if those are factors for you.
3	The food was OK.  Missing lots of great dim sum dishes.  The environment was ghetto and not somewhere you want to go alone or in the evening.  Asian businesses need to clean up their environments if they want to attract more business; especially the Chinese and Vietnamese communities.  Where are the health, building, and safety inspectors?  I can't believe Charlotte municipality allow this place to stay open.
