4	One day I asked my mother if she wanted to go out to lunch. I work about 15 minutes away from her, and in the interest of saving time I told her to recommend a place we could go near her. She said she had a coupon for this place where she'd had fry-bread tacos with her friends a while ago. My inner self said: "Um... fry-bread... taco? That sounds... odd. Fry-bread. Those were the things we ate at school carnivals with honey and powdered sugar right? So... now it's in taco form? Erm... sounds... gassy." What I said to my mother was something like "Ok. Sounds great." Upon going inside the first thing I noticed was that we were the only people in the place who weren't Native Americans. This is a good thing because you can be pretty sure it's authentic, no matter what you order. The menu is short, but hearty. You indeed can get the old sugar covered fry-bread like you had as a kid if you want it. There are also a bunch of other toppings like ice cream, chocolate syrup and cinnamon as well to make your sweet tooth ache if you so desire.In addition to the sweets, they had Navajo Tacos, Apache Tacos, and my personal favorite the Red Chile and Green Chile Meat Tacos. Tribal Burgers as well as Hominy Stew round out the menu. What a great change of pace the food is! I was very pleasantly surprised when I ordered the Green Chile Meat Taco. It's massive. They allow you to order a half size too, but I'm a man right? I gotta eat the full size. The meat is delicious, and the seasoning will wake you up without making you sweat too profusely. Both the Green Chili and the Red Chili are great and very satisfying. Despite my concerns, the slightly sweet fry-bread mixed with the spicy meat was an excellent combination of flavors. If you're looking for something different, but familiar at the same time you owe it to yourself to check this place out. Location-wise it's not in a great area, but serviceable. It's in a strip mall with a big FedEx/Kinko's attached to it and across from a Food City and a 99 cent store. My only gripes are that the menu is kind of sparse and if you go into the place in a suit and tie (my work outfit) you'll get looked at funny. Just dress casual and enjoy.
4	One day, my je'e (mother) and I were wandering around Mesa trying to figure out where in the hell we were. The Navi was on the fritz and we were both getting aggrivated. "I'm not trying to get us lost Cheryl Miranda... I'm trying to find somewhere to eat - I'm hungry!" She shouted at me while nearly sideswiping a car off of Stapley - it was our third near accident that day. "Oh... DUDE! Turn Left at Main - there's a place that has popovers!" (For my non-O'odham yelpers, Popovers is my tribe's nickname for frybread; wah-much-tha is the traditional name for it btw) "POPOVERS!! Hell no! If you want frybread, we'll go home and you can make some!""Awww... come on! It's prolly the only place around here anyway!"So we turned into a rather... dank looking strip mall (aren't they all dank looking?) and my mom nearly slammed into a drive thru sign for a small taquillia who specializes in tortas. We pulled up to a small resturant that was BRIGHTLY painted with Apache Crowndancer and large promises of Apache burgers & Navajo Lamb. When we entered we found a large airy room with a small dining room. Tables and booths to line the windows. There was a cute lil White couple dining on large tacos and huge sodas and a counter where employees took the order. We grabbed a couple of menus and then sat at a booth and looked things over."oh my gosh! haha! the ONLY difference between an Apache burger and a Navajo burger is that an Apache burger has two patties!" I giggled to my mom."Well... Navajos are really skinny." Score one for mom!"the ONLY difference between an Apache taco and a Navajo taco is that one has crushed (think refried) beans and the other doesn't." "oh what in the HELL?!" I exclaimed as I turned the menu and I saw the monstrosity they call a dessert. The "tempting" Indian Dessert... looks - (I'm so sorry to say this) disgusting! I'm sorry! Grandma never EVER put so much on a frybread! It comes with a full sized frybread topped with a HUGE scoop of vanilla ice cream topped with chocolate syrup, powdered sugar & cinnamon. It's too much! frybread has such an amazing texture and delicate flavor... it's best when hot and to dump so much STUFF on it and let it get melty and gloopy is - gross. My advice is to stick with the basics and get a LIGHT dusting of sugar OR honey. We were both a little grossed out at the thought of the 'indian dessert' and decided to finally order. I had the red chili taco with whole beans (which cost extra). Normally - at frybread stands, it's called a red chili combo but not here. The madre got a whole bean taco (navajo taco). We started to talk with the employees for a second and it turns out they are pretty friendly. We got our drinks and sat back down. I began to really get a scope of the room. Photographs of Apache Sunrise Ceremonies where plastered on the walls as well as cradleboards and small Navajo rugs. I thought it was cute and I'm glad all the art was authentic. Within a few minutes, an employee came out from the kitchen and brought us our food.The bread was normal sized (umm... I guess large to non-natives?) it had a great texture and was very fresh. I liked the redchili's flavor but was disappointed it wasn't very hot. Their hot sauce was good and I put it on EVERYTHING! My mom liked her taco as well but wished there was more salt. She in turn - then sprinkled half the shaker on our table onto her taco. We wound up ordering another couple of breads one with honey and the other with sugar and enjoyed our light dessert. Overall the food was good. I'm glad the service was quick and friendly and I'm even more grateful that the chili sauces were fresh and flavorful. The bread itself was crisp and light and yet still hearty. It takes a lot of years to develop such technique - I was quite impressed with it.the prices on the other hand... compared to on-reservation stands are astronomical but when compared to powwows and the state fair they are still a little high but when compared to other resturants - they are actually cheap. lol... odd I know. The entree`s are about $7 at the resturant but NOTHING will EVER make me to pay over $3 for ONE single tortilla! That is outrage! it should be $3 for a half dozen, but not for one thick tortilla! To my yelpers, These are real Natives. They are cooking traditional recipes handed down from generations. The bread is good. The dining area isn't anything to write home about. The prices are both decent and highway robbery at the same time.  The cooking facilities and the dining area appear very clean. The burgers and mutton appear to freshly grilled. If you're in the area - give it a try. But do NOT order that damned dessert! I don't wanna hear about one of ya'll slipping into a diabetic coma from eating it.
1	I was all set to fall in love with this place, but it fell short.It was Saturday night and the restaurant was completely empty around 6pm.  Given its location, I was not surprised.  Later, a couple families came in.  I felt super out of place being a non-native, but that's easy to ignore.  It's all about the food after all!  And I wanted the real deal.Our table smelled funny.  (nuff said)My friend ordered one of the taco dishes...she ate half of it.  (I'm not sure if that is because she's skinny or if it didn't taste good.  It looked good and fresh.)As we were chatting away, the restaurant being empty seemed to echo with our voices.  As we continued to eat and chat, I noticed the employees suddenly turned on the radio.  As my amiga was speaking, I could hear the music creep up higher and higher, almost like the workers were trying to drown her out.  It was too obvious not to notice and a little weird, if not plain rude.I ordered the Navajo Traditional Mutton Stew.  It was a gentle meaty broth, piping hot with potatoes and fatty meat.  I kept putting salt in there and wishing I got something else....that had flavor...or just something else.  The fry bread that came with it was great, but the service was so-so (I had to ask twice for honey) and the overall experience made me wonder how hard it is to make fry bread on your own.  Pass.
1	This place is now closed for business. :(
5	I was in Mesa last week for business.  I was stuck in a conference room all day teaching classes.  One of the ladies from my company ran out to grab food.  She brought back some Frye Bread and it was soooo good!This was my first time having fry bread and I was hooked.  I tried the brown sugar which was ok, but the honey butter was amazing.  I think I ate most of it by myself.Too bad the stuff is deep fried in lard.  I would have gone after work that day and tried one of the dinner dishes but yeah...unfortunately, I have to watch what I eat and lard didn't fit into the plan.If you haven't had fry bread make sure you check it out!
5	We've loved this little place for years.Alas, on our last visit in March of '09 we discovered it was empty. Closed up tight and moved on. What a shame, we shall miss them.
