5	I have been going to Tire Works on Centennial & Commerce for close to 3 years. John at this location is an asset to his company. the service I receive is always outstanding.  All three of my cars are always done when they say it will be or earlier,and im always told in detail what was done and what needs to be done.
4	Right down the street.  I needed a fast battery for my car and they were quick and friendly.  Great job.
5	Outstanding service. Love the management. They are quick, affordable, and knowledgeable.
1	I went to Tire Works because I was overdue for an oil change. I asked them to check all of my fluids and brakes as well just to be sure. They told me my brakes were basically shot to hell and were cutting into my rotors. They quoted me a ridiculous price saying the rotors were a $100 and they were going to charge me only $60 a piece and one of the mechanics gave me a cautionary tale about how much it cost him to replace the rotors in his wife's Suzuki when the same happened to her. Then they wanted to charge me $500 for a complete fluid replacement. I costs half that at a garage I usually go to off Nellis and Lamb, My Auto Service. So imagine my surprise when my dad got me rotors for $30 a piece and when they were going to be replaced  nothing was wrong with my brakes or rotors. It seems they somehow regenerated over the time between my stop at Tire Works and my brake job. Strange.Also my dad took his Syclone to have fuel injectors he bought installed and they charged him for the job but the fuel injectors were untouched and the new ones were still in the box in the truck. They told him his fuel pump was fine and did nothing and gave him back his truck still running rough. He took it to Johnny D's and they changed the fuel injectors and pumps and surprise surprise the truck has been running amazingly for months. These guys are the type that give mechanics a bad name.
5	I needed an alignment on an old pickup I had recently purchased. I called ahead and spoke to Manager Greg. He was very professional on the phone said I could bring it right in. When I got there, Greg greeted me and got my information and confirmed a good price on the alignment. The service was performed quickly and the truck is much easier to drive now. The technician Dane did a great job and explained the results and had no problem answering a few questions. Great experience!
5	The Manager Dave has a great team here! Shout out to your whole team especially Dane and Nick! Rare find!
5	These guys were great. I managed to total a tire on my way home from work at almost 6pm and these guys came to my rescue. They got me a new tire at a reasonable price, and were very professional snd courteous.  I will definately come here again! A++
5	Came here looking for specific tires for a NSX, and they got them quick for me. I had them install it, and when I drove the car with the new tires it drove like a exotic car. They were probably the only company that could get me the tires as quick as they did. Thanks again tire works.
5	We thought we needed a tire, find out only needed tire to be repair it had a screw in it.  Friendly, honest and even entertained my son. I will be going back for more service for sure!
