5	I can't believe there are no reviews for this wonderful shop!  Eye-Magination is the best place to shop for eyeglasses EVER!!!!  I have been a customer of Maureen's since I moved to Phoenix 20 years ago.  I feel like a kid in a candy store whenever I walk in the door.  The selection of eyewear, along with the expert advice of Maureen and her handsome assistant Stephen is enough to bring me back to this store for the rest of my life. This is not a shopping mall eyeglass store. The glasses here are exceptional and of the hightest quality.  Trust me, you will not walk out the door with average glasses, you will walk out with a piece of art to compliment your face and personality.  I highly recommend this top-notch establishment! *****
5	I have never been to an eyeglass store like this!  It's truly a jewel.  I was so thrilled to have found Maureen who has such expertise in this field.  Her assistant, Stephen, was terrific as well and guided me to find the best and most attractive fit for my face.  If you're looking for the best quality and design selection this is the place.  I never thought of glasses as an accessory before but now I'd just buy them to look great.  I just can't say enough about them.
5	There is no better eyeglass store in the greater Phoenix area serving children - hands down.  Both of my children started wearing glasses at a young age -- 2yrs old, and 4yrs old.  They are now 13 and 10 -- and they still look forward every year to our Eyemagination visit to pick out new glasses.  They have the BEST selection for kids -- which is so important when you are trying to get kids to adjust - and even get excited - about wearing glasses.  And Maureen is truly a "glasses whisperer" with my kids.  She doesn't speak to children as if they are children - she earns their trust and has a special knack for giving kids guidance on what they need to know, and also dials into just the special type of style that they are looking for.  We've also gotten to know Stephen over the years and he has also been wonderful to work with.  Any time I have considered "straying" to one of the chain stores, it has been a disaster experience.  Eyemagination has my utmost loyalty.
5	The MOST fabulous place to shop for eye glasses.  Customer service is excellent.  They really know their product lines.  Treat you like family.  I've been going there for about 8 yrs. and will not go anywhere else for my glasses.The best selection I have ever encountered!!Maureen and Stephen---AWESOME!!
5	I just bought prescription glasses and sun glasses at Eye Magination.  Both pair are progressive lenses.  I am very particular about how I see and how the lenses are fit to me.  I am also very particular about the sunglasses and the color of the lenses.Stephen was extremely helpful in making sure I got the right frames and the right lenses that met my requirements.  I am very happy with both the glasses and the sun glasses.  I am very happy with the customer service.Eye Magination has a huge selection of frames and sunglasses to choose from. I rated them as $$$, but all quality frames and lenses are costly these days.  I checked with several other stores and Eye Magination is very competitively priced.I recommend they without reservation.
5	LOVE this place!  Took my 2 year old for his first pair of glasses and Maureen & Barbara worked with us. Maureen sat with my little one and was great with him! I was expecting a fight from him. I mean, come on, he's 2! But she just knew how to get him at ease and made the whole experience a good one.  I would definitely recommend this place to anyone looking for children's glasses!
4	If you're looking for world class eye care, this is it. The doctors are extremely knowledgeable and caring. The support staff are very friendly and caringly efficient. I've been a patient for over 30 years and would never go elsewhere. Where can you have your eye's cared for and then walk to have some great Japanese food at any number of restaurants in J-town? It's a heavenly match. They'll make it easy to switch from your current eye care provider and you'll never be happier.
