3	Sorry Whim, I gave you plenty of chances and you didn't come through for me. Thursdays: college night, free before 11p with college ID. Here's the thing -- if you show up at 10:45, you're gonna get in free and hang out with the bouncers, the bartenders, and the few other people there; if you show up at 12:30, you're gonna pay $5 to hang out with the bouncers, the bartenders, and the few other people there. Certainly I'm not going to be difficult and argue with the lady at the door (who is very nice) about paying $5 to go into an empty club. But maybe, just maybe, management could relax the cover, given that the club is empty? It's also a bit of a downer that the dance floor is closed on Thursdays, most likely to keep everyone in the main bar area. The $5 cover might not be so bad if I could stand on the dance floor and enjoy the light show. 2 stars on a Thursday.Fridays: better than Thursdays, still not completely jumping though. At least the dance floor is open. 3 stars on a Friday. Saturdays: probably the best night. 4 stars on a Saturday. The bouncers are nice, the bartenders are very friendly and pour great drinks, the dance floor is huge and the light guy knows how to work a crowd that's already kicking with DJs Bonics, Nugget, and Zimmie. This place deserves 5 stars. I want to give this place 5 stars. However, with a lackluster college night + cover and hit or miss Fridays, I just can't bring myself to do it. Please Whim, make me change my mind.
4	Good Dance Vibe Drinks are a little pricey but cant go wrong dancing
3	Whim opened October of 2009. I had never been to Whim until this past Friday for a fundraiser event and I was really impressed. It used to be Margarita Mamas (before that Philthy McNasty's and before that Woodson's Grille). It has a really nice laid back vibe, with different levels and rooms. I was only there from 5:30pm - 8:00pm, so I can't comment on a late night crowd, but in terms of hosting a $40-ticket fundraiser event, I definitely approve. It wasn't too crowded even though there were a lot of people there. I'd go back to check it out as a club scene, but I probably wouldn't go on a regular basis.
3	Know someone who can Get you into VIP.Blow the night away.(b)
5	This review is long-overdue but I go to Carnegie Mellon and am a part of an organization that booked this club for a party during our Spring Carnival. Not to sound cocky, but it was probably the BEST club party that any organization at Carnegie Mellon has thrown in a long time. This party was on a Thursday night, so Whim allowed us to have an 18+ party.  Everyone afterwards was just raving about how great this party was. The club owner himself said that he has never seen the club this packed on a Thursday night. I was more than satisfied not only as a person who was helping host a party here but also as a fellow club-goer. The music was great, the VIP tables were legit, the service was professional, and my friends and I had a great time. My organization is definitely going to be looking at Whim again this year and I will definitely stop by here on a weekend with my friends next time we go clubbing.
3	One of my friends won a happy hour - or "happy evening," since it lasted from 9-11 pm - at Whim on the Friday before Halloween.  This was our first visit to a club since moving to Pittsburgh over a year ago - we're REALLY cool - so we got dressed up and headed out to Station Square.  They opened up at 9, which is when we arrived, so the place was pretty empty for the first hour, or hour and a half.  Since our friend had won the happy hour, we had the pleasure of sitting at a VIP table, which was cozy, but there still wasn't table service.  There were some drink specials that night - I think on Miller Lite and Effen Vodka - but the drinks were weak.  Once the drink special ran out at 9 pm, it wasn't worth buying any more.  The music was good, but it took a while for people to get dancing - not until 1130 or midnight, maybe?  There are 2 large rooms - one more for standing and talking and drinking, one with a big dance floor.  Couches line the dance floor, which I actually kind of love, so if your feet hurt you can just crash there.  The music was pretty good - mostly songs I've heard of and enjoy - and there's different music playing in each room, so if it sucks in one room you can just move on.  Also, somehow, the music was JUST loud enough.  You can still have a conversation without totally screaming, but your voice will definitely need to be raised.We had a fun time, and it would be a good place to go out dancing again in the future, but I'd say get your drink on at a bar somewhere else before coming here.  And you have to have enough energy to stay up until last call, since the dancing doesn't even start until midway through the night.
2	Me and about 4 of my friends decided to go here and get VIP for a Saturday. It was a pain in the butt trying to reach someone over the phone to make the reservation days ahead of time. Then when we got there our booth wasn't set up for the birthday that we were celebrating. About a half hour after arriving, we were being hounded and harassed by our busboy about paying for our VIP. If they want people to pay for VIP right away, they should charge them at the door instead of being chased around by the waitress and busboy until you pay. After all of that was over with, the rest of the night was smooth sailing.
1	First off, they frisk you for weapons so you know the place is ghetto. Secondly, fat chicks everywhere. Thirdly, bouncers are incredibly rude and power hungry mongers. Fourthly they charge a cover when at midnight on a friday in the middle of summer nobody is even there. Fifthly, parking is $8 dollars. Sixth, there are 3 bars right next door for the same price (cover). Seventh, bathrooms are disgustingly unsanitary. Eighth, there are more cops in the bar than there are patrons. Ninth, there are a lot of creepy old guys, and tenth, again, nothing but fat ugly chicks everywhere.  Overall a terrible experience, will never go back.
3	I haven't visited many other clubs/bars in Pittsburgh, so I do not have much to compare it to there. This club is alright. A bit too smokey for my taste. They play a nice variety of music. The second time I visited it was a bit empty... Not how I like my clubs. It seems to have grown to become a college clubbing atmosphere. Cover isn't really worth it... from what I've paid and been to at other venues. Worth a stop-by... if there appears to be a crowd, go in... that'll probably be a decent time.
1	Ok another review of this sorry excuse for a club is now long overdue.  A few of my friends decided they were going to go out dancing for the night.  How they made their selection I have no idea but the club they decided on was Whim.  Now I was at Whim about a year ago, not a bad place.  There was a good mix of people, the place was clean, people were nice, decent specials and all that.WOW have times changed.  While we were standing in line I noticed that we where the only white people, there was no mix of white, black, and others.  Weird but ok, maybe it got better inside.  Once we got to the entrance it was 21 yrs old for females and 25 yrs old for males, what?  I've never heard of anything like that before.  We get in the door and then I got another huge shock.  Cover charge was $30 for males and $20 for females, ARE YOU KIDDING ME???  I was there with friends so we paid and went into the club.  I never felt so out of place in my entire life.  Out of the 400 or 500 people in the club we were 4 of 10 white people... MAYBE and that included the staff.  We got nasty stares constantly, pushed, bumped, nasty comments made... 3 people literally told me that I didn't belong there and ones exact words were I think were "you don't belong here white boy".  I felt completely out of place and I have black people in my family.  Even 2 of the girls we were with are white girls who date black guys and they felt out of place.  That was absolutely insane!!!!  I paid $8 to park at station square, $50 cover charge for me and my girlfriend, and $12 for 2 vodka and OJ's.  $70 dollar, 15 minutes, lesson learned.  I will make sure I ask around before I ever go near another club around Pittsburgh.  I enjoy dance clubs but one thing I have learned is that if you do not have a good mix of people from all races and nationalities the club completely sucks.  This club completely sucked, I think I will stick to my dive bars personally.  Much better mix of people who are nice.
2	TOO LOUD!I frequent many nightclubs all over the country... this is a run of the mill club that plays decent music, BUT WAY TOO LOUD.  I had been warned and wore earplugs but still sustained major hearing damage from just one night at this club.  I have had ringing in one ear for 4 weeks now.  I am told this damage is permanent and will never go away so thanks a lot, Whim.  I will never be back.It is well known among the clubbers in the city that the noise level here is out of control.  We all want it loud so we can rock out but... seriously?
3	The DJ is horrible! They will play a song for only 10 seconds or they will mix a song with techno.
3	I like the lighting system. They did a good job with that. It's cool to have to lights go along with the beat of the musicThe music is decent... Although it's rather annoying when Wamo is here. That radio DJ's voice is like nails on a chalkboard, and she says the most random things during songs while you're trying to enjoy the song and dance. ah; please make her staaahhpI like that there are two different parts of whim. The back part of the club is always not as crowded if you need a break from everyone. There are 2 bars in the back club (I guess it would technically be the front, since that's where you enter. i dont know..) The front part of the club is nice too and also has two bars... wait, 3 :)One good thing about whim, if you need anything & i mean anything, it'll be in their bathroom (deodorant, bandaids for that blister thanks to your 4in heal, gum, mints, perfume, CHOCOLATE, cigarettes- only Newports,  ect) just be sure to tip her ;)Overall it's a decent club. Although I've noticed that it's not as busy now that Barroom is closed (RIP my love!) Also, Thursdays are "college night" --- 18 and over. You can still drink (if you're over 21) at the bars in the front club, but you have to stay there while drinking. I brought my sister for her 20th birthday and she had a nice time.
