4	Although I listed the Regent Square under "Cinemas", it could well be listed under "Performing Arts" too.  To be honest, the films that they show here are not to everybody's tastes and I go long stretches between attending films here.  They also have a lot of film festivals here too.  If you want more mainstream "art" or "indie" fare, you would do better to go to the Manor or Squirrel Hill.  Per the website, you can become a "Screenie."  For $60.00, you get 12 admissions to Pittsburgh Filmmakers theaters and 12 free popcorns or fountain drinks, both of which you can share with a friend.  You can also get a reduced rate on associate memberships to the Pittsburgh Filmmakers and a discount at the Pittsburgh Center for the Arts' Shop.This is a place to go where you are very serious about film, and as I said above, it is not to everyone's taste.
5	I can't believe that no one else has reviewed this place yet.  I've kept my membership up here because it's the best value around.  As I mentioned earlier, I'm now a "Screenie" and included with the membership (now $70.00), I get 12 admissions and 12 popcorns or beverages.  These can be shared with friends.So the Girl Posse and I went here recently to check out a new documentary.  We went to see "Anvil, the Story of Anvil", which was about a metal band called...Anvil!  The band has been around for 30 years now and the guys are all in their 50s.  Even though the story is funny in places, and the film does stray into "Spinal Tap" territory a little bit, Anvil is a real band.  It's a great documentary, worth checking out.
5	So I'm still the only person reviewing the Regent Square Theater, huh?  What, you don't like films that are a little out of the ordinary?  Look, I'm not a film snob either!  I love the latest mainstream releases like anyone else does!  My Girl Posse and I occasionally get our chick testosterone up for the latest shoot 'em up flick!  No, the Regent Square isn't the AMC Loews Waterfront (thank goodness).  It's operated by Pittsburgh Filmmakers and it's the place to go when you do want to see something a little out of the ordinary.  They also show cult films and classic films here.  My GFs and I went here last Friday (April 16, 2010) to see "The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo."  It's already the highest-grossing Swedish film in history and is a mystery.  It begins with the disappearance of a young woman forty years ago from a family gathering and through the years, her uncle suspects that it was murder.  He hires a middle-aged journalist and a young, anti-social, and tattooed computer hacker to investigate.   We were there on the film's opening night.  My cousin Cindy would have loved this--the owners of Mystery Lover's Bookstore were there to discuss the film (my cousin loves mysteries).So my husband and I still have our "Screenie" passes.  Screenie memberships include 12 admissions, 12 popcorns or beverages, and discounts to PGH Filmmakers events.  Even though we live right around the corner from the Manor (which also shows some indie flix). I'm so glad we have this theatre so close to our house.
5	I've lived in Pittsburgh--in the East End, no less--for nearly two years and only just made it to the Regent Square Theater.Self, what were you thinking?!The theater is pretty low-tech, compared to the multiplexes that have become the norm.  You buy your ticket from an actual person, who promptly rips it and gives you the stub.  The concessions stand is less than ten yards away, and the actual theater is just behind that.  You won't find stadium seating or built-in cup holders into the seats.So what makes the Regent Square Theater so awesome?  The low ticket prices, which are even lower, at $3, if you're a Pitt student.  The concession stand which charges reasonable prices.  I don't think any one item costs $5 or more.  You can add seasonings to your popcorn like Old Bay, Cajun and Ranch, and even have a cup of tea.  There's a generous amount of leg room between the theater seats.  And, yes, of course, the film selection--what plays here isn't at the AMC theaters. You can treat yourself to some culture and snacks here for less money than you'd pay catching a mainstream flick at the Waterfront or SouthSide.  There's really no excuse for not coming here.
5	Love going to see films here!!  Worth checking out for sure!!
5	A great theater that's a lot larger inside than you might suspect. I certainly don't get here enough.
5	This is my favorite theater in Pittsburgh.  Yes, it's old and a bit musty, and the old-fashioned chairs are a tight fit.  BUT the staff is friendly, the concessions are fantastic (what other theater provides homemade baked goods and tea?), and the film selections are exceptional.  Pittsburgh is so lucky to have this place.  It's the only theater showing the Oscar Short films every year, and I make it a point never to miss them.  My only complaint is that I don't get over there nearly as often as I'd like to.
5	This place is a true gem.  It reminds me of the movie theater scenes from Seinfeld, both inside the theater and out.  There is only one screen and most of the films on display are of the indie or documentary variety.  They also do a reportory series on Sunday nights which has included Harold and Maude, Sunset Boulevard and The Maltese Falcon in recent weeks.  The concession stand is affordable although the ticket prices are comparable to the chain theaters.  Look into a Screenie membership which gives you substantial discounts on ticket prices.  I believe it costs 80 dollars which is good for 12 tickets and one free soda or popcorn on each visit.  There are not too many of these theaters left, so enjoy this one.
4	The Regent Square Theater...a great place to go for film lovers.  I have all but stopped going to 'the movies' because of the general societal behavior at the cineplexes.  I am a film geek all the way, and when I go to see something on a big screen I am seriously going to see a 'film' that is art presented as it is intended to be seen...large.  I do not go to a cinema for the social aspect, or to kill time with a date, or to just get out for an evening, with what's showing on the screen being secondary to the purpose of the evening.  When I go to see a film, I do NOT go to listen to the conversations of others, the bleeping of the cell phones, the clicking of mindless text messaging or silly giggling that comes from someone's interaction that has nothing to do with what's on the screen.This is where the Regent Square Theater wins.  This is a cinema for serious film lovers. You may not find a HUGE audience, but what you will find is an audience of people who know how to behave in a cinema, who are there for the same purpose...to see a good film on a big screen.  The audience at the Regent Square theater know directors, and they might actually be able to hold a conversation about the director, his or her films, other similar films and directors, and they know to wait to do it when the film has ended.  The Regent Square is a very comfortable old-style small theater.  One screen. Small reasonably friendly staff, affordable prices (although the last night I went the popcorn, which was cheap, was also a tad stale) and most importantly...a venue for excellent films.  Foreign, indie, documentary...and some classics thrown in regularly to enable us to see some of those old gems on a big screen, where most of them were meant to be.  I never realized how important that big screen was until I'd seen The Wizard Of Oz, after years of mini-televised viewings with chopped and hacked commercial interruptions, on a big screen at a special showing somewhere else. One who doesn't watch these things on a big screen doesn't know what they're missing by not seeing the full large scope of the intended art.  Some (in this era, I can't claim 'many') directors truly do use the big screen when creating their art. Jeunet, Almodovar, and a few others still do present film as art, and the Regent Square (and Pittsburgh Filmmakers who operates it) bring these gems to that big screen.And to a film aficionado, the right atmosphere is crucial when getting lost in this art. The Regent Square Theater knows this, and so do its audiences.Thank you for providing an intellectual oasis in da burgh...and a great evening of cinema enjoyment.
5	Yesterday I came here for the first time in years - and I'm very glad I did. I forgot how much I love this theater. It's so cool how it's combined the feeling of a classic single-screen theater with some modern day comforts like space for your legs and digital projector and sound systems. It has the comforts of what we're used too but the small-town feeling and atmosphere many people miss; even the concession stand feels "old" and nostalgic when it's open and selling tiny popcorn bags (a blessing to those of us who don't want the enormous snack sizes usually sold in theaters). All of this is hard to explain, but wonderful to experience.And this sort of set-up was perfect for "It's A Wonderful Life" - this was the theater's 6th year of playing the film for free. Normally Pittsburgh Filmmakers, which owns the theater, plays indie or foreign films for affordable prices, but they also play classic films on a regular basis, so it makes complete sense that they'd add this to the mix during the holidays!It was easily the best movie experience I've ever had. Before the film started and as the lights dimmed, the audience began applauding; I heard several people shouting "Merry Christmas" to everyone there. A bunch of people who attended came in Santa hats; a bunch of parents and grandparents brought their children, who then impressed me by behaving throughout the entire film - that doesn't happen often in most of the screenings I go too in this day and age! My favorites were the teenagers who came in PJs and with sleeping bags; they just sat in the front quietly cuddling together enjoying the film. I say, look up Pittsburgh Filmmakers, find this theater and look up some screening times. You won't regret it. It has a wonderful atmosphere and definitely brings the most wonderful people to its doors; in other words, it makes for a perfect movie venue.
5	What a great theater.  I came here for the first time to go to a free (with canned-food donation) screening of It's a Wonderful Life.It is run by the Pittsburgh Filmmakers and you can tell these people love what they do.  The movie line-up for the foreseeable future looks fantastic.If I were a local, I would go to Regent Square all the time.
5	I remember the first time I went to this theater to see a movie. It was about five years ago after I had just moved here- I was going to see a little sci-fi indie movie called "Moon." I had such an incredible experience that I've been back many times since (even though it's a little further out from the East End and finding buses can be tough). A part of the Pittsburgh Filmmakers theaters (along with Melwood in North Oakland and Harris downtown), this theater always shows smaller independent and foreign films, along with classic older films. It's such a cute little theater run by a couple of people at a time to make sure that Pittsburgh can see show great movies that otherwise we wouldn't be able to see. Local universities have great ties to Filmmakers and I was shocked at the discount I got for a ticket here as a graduate student at Pitt (I think I only had to pay 3 or 4 bucks). So residents and students in particular: make sure to go to places like these to keep them open and keep Pittsburgh's cultural community alive!
4	I am always so thankful for independently owned theaters or as close as I can get to one. This one is right off the parkway East... so its easily accessible (given there are not any large sporting events that time you're in a rush to buy your ticket). I do not love mainstream movies I find most poorly written, too many beautiful actors and actresses a bore. Also the audience that comes with some blockbusters are just not for me. Maybe I am a movie snob maybe I have taste... either way. When I want something different I always check here. Their prices are reasonable crowds are small and they play older films sometimes so if you're a classic film lover check their listings! Also documentary lovers...... They have those here as well. I love a good story especially a good true story. I am huge This American Life nerd and basically love learning about how other people 'had it' in this world. If that sounds like you, check this place out. Parking is a but tough sometimes you may need to park on a side street. I would plan time for parking.
5	I love movies of all kinds. And I love the traditional experience of seeing a mainstream movie at a mainstream theater -- sitting in a big comfy chair and eating a garbage can full of butter-soaked popcorn and enjoying the latest blockbuster. But the mainstream movie theaters almost exclusively play mainstream movies and cater to a mainstream audience (read: people who don't truly appreciate films and/or don't know how to behave appropriately in a theater). In these respects, the Regent Square Theater is a breath of fresh air.The Regent Square Theater only has one screen. It's kind of old and dingy.The seats aren't big and plush, and the snack offerings are lackluster. But none of that matters. You don't come to this theater for the popcorn or the stadium seating. You come to this  theater to see a classic, foreign, independent, or otherwise limited-release film with a like-minded audience who truly appreciates movies as art. I absolutely love the fact that this theater lets me discover movies that I may not have heard of before. Also love that when I do read or hear about small films and can't find them anywhere else in the Pittsburgh area, the Regent Square Theater usually comes through. It's truly a gem and worth a visit!
