4	Island Style Restaurant #2 is located in the food court of the Greenland Supermarket and they hail from the original Island Style restaurant on West Sahara.The Mom and I headed to Greenland for lunch and did a tour to check out each place to see what interested us.  They shouted their wares and specials, hoping to hook us in.  Island Style was our last stop, and for some reason, the Mom was more interested in what they had to offer.She was eyeing the Bibimbap for $7.95, and I mentioned that the Husband likes that dish too, but with the stone pot version.  We inquired and found out their Dolsat Bibimbap was $8.95.  (She wasn't very familiar with the dish.)  As I pondered what to get, an order of fried dumplings were placed in front of us for another customer.  The Mom was immediately impressed by it and the smart guy at the counter pointed out that you get the dumplings for free if your order was $20 or more.  Of course, that easily sold us and we added the Kalbi Plate ($12.95) to our lunch to get that order of dumplings!We took a seat nearby and waited for our order.  The order of 10 dumplings were ready first, and they do usually go for $5.95.  It was piping hot and we loved the extra crispy texture.  It was filled with pork and noodles.  Two banchan were given to us as well - kim chee daikon and kim chee cabbage.The Dolsot Bibimbap came with a side of soup, and it was definitely a generous portion.  We ate as much as we could and packed the leftovers.The Kalbi Plate came with mac salad and rice, and I enjoyed the tasty beef - lots of flavor indeed.  We also had leftovers of this dish too.The Husband ended up getting all the leftovers for lunch today and he was a bit skeptical about the bibimbap (sans the hot pot).  However, upon arriving home this evening, he proclaimed that the bibimbap was very good and the kalbi tasted really good for leftovers.  Overall, sounds like everyone was happy with Island Style - and they make for good leftovers too! Aloha Promotion: Free soda with meal (mandu and spam musubi excluded) or free mandu (dumplings) with purchase of $20 or more.
4	They serve Mac Salad...their Bulgogi is awesome, been here only once but if all other restaurants fail...this is my fail safe
4	I was craving Kalbi again  (what's new) after shopping at the Greenland Supermarket a couple of weeks ago.  I wanted to try something new but It's hard to fight my Kalbi addiction. I'm so glad I found Island Style in the food court because that hit the spot! They give generous portions of Kalbi and its served with rice and Mac salad. The Kalbi was very tender. If you are in a hurry don't eat here because it takes a while to get your food because they make it fresh.  They even offer free water and tea if you don't want to buy a drink. If you drink a lot you may want to purchase a drink or you will be going back and forth because the cups are small.
5	So I stopped at the Greenland supermarket  (see my review) and on the way out I had a craving for Island Style. Just like the #1 location on Sahara, it does not disappoint. Had the Spam-fried rice, meat jun and BBQ chicken. Generous portions and stellar service, considering it's in the food court just outside the supermarket. Russell... you hit another home run outta the park, brah! Mahalo nui loa!
3	I read the reviews on Yelp and decided to bookmark this place. My girlfriend and I have a Korean friend that we admire a lot (a fellow Yelper). She has turned us on to Korean cuisine. This place is inside Greenland market, which is a Korean supermarket. When you enter Greenland market look to your right and you will see a food court similar to those at the mall.  The second booth from the left is Island Style. It says so on the menu board, but I did not see it for a while because I had sensory overload from all the Korean words. We walked through the food court and chose to stick with Island Style. The two guys working the counter were very friendly and answered all of my silly questions. I ordered the bibimbap in a hot pot, which cost $9.95. My girlfriend thought she ordered hot kimchi soup. After sitting down we looked at the receipt and realized that it was not ordered. We also ordered a Spam Musubi. The entire meal cost us $12.86. The seating is like food court at the mall. I first heard of bibimbap while reading Yelp reviews and have been very interested to try it. It comes in a marble-like bowl, I presume to retain the heat and continue cooking after arriving at the table. Similar concept to fajitas served on a hot cast iron skillet. It has beef (very small portion), cucumbers, pickled bean sprout, and a few other veggies served on a bed of rice. A raw egg is put in (will cook in the pot). A dark red sauce was served on the side. I thought it was hot sauce, but it was not. It was sweet instead. I put the sauce in and mixed it all up. It also came with a side bowl of chicken broth and green onion tips. There were two sides of kimchi. We ate the Spam Musubi first, which is a hot slice of Spam set on top of sticky rice with vinegar for flavoring and rolled in seaweed paper like a big, fat piece of sushi. It was definitely worth the $1.95. The bibimbap was pretty good too. The pot continued to cook the rice while we ate and provided a crunchy surprise at the end. I enjoyed the way the sweet sauce mingled with the other flavors. I wanted to try something else, but my girlfriend persuaded me to stop. She was right. The bibimbap, Spam Musubi, and complimentary sides left us satisfied. We enjoyed the experience and will probably eat there again upon our next visit to Greenland market, which is sure to be soon.
4	So good.  Not super cheap for a food court, but the quality is better than a typical food court.  Per usual, large portions and made to order.  What more can I say?  ;)
3	This was my second time eating here.  We had intended on eating at Mr. Tofu and then do some shopping at Greenland Market, but Mr. Tofu was closed.  I had the Bibimbap Dolcet, again.  It was good, again.  The portion size was big and the ingredients were fresh.  This place has a mall food court feeling, but the prices are not fast food prices.  My meal was over $10 without drink.  I would come again, but Mr. Tofu is better and the prices are similar.
1	(FOOD COURT ONLY) All Previous *OWNERS / HEAD CHEFS* of the last 2 years in the food court are no longer operating the 4 stalls below (contract is over) SINCE 1/31/2012. Bossam House (1st stall)Island Style #2 (2nd stall)I Love Oyshi (3rd stall)Chappaghetti (4th stall) Why 1 star? go and check out the Island Style stall.. or what's left of it and see why. The cooks that Gina (owner) had trained herself for the past 2 years are STILL cooking the same dishes she brought over from her original store, but trust me when I say the quality will not be the same. That also goes for the other 3 stalls. Greenland can change the name and the prices, but Island Style still has 20 years of experience no shady business can duplicate.Island Style owner Gina (Yeon-hee) is back at the first location on Valley View and Sahara. Island Style Yelp page:http://www.yelp.com/biz/island-style-las-vegas#query:Island%20Style%20Restaurant
1	They closed. It's an new place. Not as good...
3	This fast food joint inside the Greenland Shopping Mall was okay.   The Island Style sign on the wall was covered up, so I wonder if the business has changed owners and name.  The receipt still had the Island Style name on it though.  We ordered the meat jun and bibimbap.   Both meals came with chicken stock soup and kimchee.  The meat jun wasn't as good as the original Island style Restaurant on Sahara.  I hadn't had bibimbap for quite a while, so I don't remember what the exact taste should be like, but to me this one lacked some flavour.  The bowl was huge, but there wasn't really that much rice in the bowl.  Overall not bad for a fast food joint.
1	ack! it has totally changed!  it's nothing like the other island style anymore and no where close to what it used to be!Portions are smaller, which is fine because the food is totally different.  The meat is no longer marinated before cooking.  My chicken was pale and unappetizing and flavorless.  Macaroni salad had no taste.  I ordered the combo and it came with a tiny small piece of kalbi, one piece of mijun, and one piece of bland chicken.  I also ordered a chicken teriyaki plate.  Then they gave me one container of kimchee and one small container of macaroni salad, they used to give you those per plate, and now only one? it didn't make sense.It's terrible, go to the original island style on Sahara.update: i just ate more of it, the rice is overcooked and mushy, and kalbi also had no taste.  OH and the middle of the chicken was still pink!!!-gave it to the dog, at least someone get so enjoy it.
3	Ive been to this place after hearing many great things about it. I for one wasnt impressed. I ordered the seafood soondubu, which is one of my favorite all time dishes and i was pretty disappointed. It was mediocre at best, we also ordered the meat jun which was ok.....too sweet for my liking. My wife ordered the bibim nangmyun.....which she loved. I found that the best part of the meal was the banchan. The kimchee was pretty good. Overall the staff was friendly, service was a little slow, but in all fairness they were pretty busy.  I really wanted to like this place, but i left a little disappointed.....i might give them another chance in the future.
4	Its not island style anymore but its not bad i Ordered a meat jun and it came with a free piece of salmon. So all in all 4 stars equals im happy.
4	We accidentally found this while visiting Las Vegas and what a pleasant surprise. Food:  You wouldn't expect traditional Korean food from a restaurant called Island... but this place had some amazing food. We ordered several different dishes and they were all great. Service: Prompt and Courteous. Price:  Great price for the quality of food and service you get.
1	Not the same people as before
