5	Let me say first off, I have never been a fan of the "pot pie."  When I see a pot pie on a menu somewhere, I have visions of a Swanson's pot pie appearing on my plate and my having to pick out every last pea.  I always steer clear.But then I was introduced to Saffron Kitchen.  I actually saw these pies baking on-site at Old Town Farmers Market.  At first, I had assumed they were a dessert pie and my first emotion was disappointment at learning otherwise.  But then I took a second look at the ingredients and was intrigued.  How can you not be intrigued with names like the "Snappy" (curried veggies with red potatoes, cauliflower, chick peas, baby peas and ginger), the "Spiffy" (grass-fed beef, bacon, and mushrooms), the "Swanky" (chicken breast, leeks, baby peas, carrots, and thyme), and the "Sassy" (eggplant, zucchini, garlic, and bell peppers with fresh thyme and parmesan)?I had the "Sexy" (spinach, portobello, and shiitake mushrooms with ricotta, mozz, and feta).  So good words cannot describe it.  Available in two sizes, the small is the perfect size when you're farmers market sampling and the larger would be perfect for a heartier meal.  These gourmet pies are always baked the same day they are sold and available at the local markets with delivery or catering available as well.These "Artisan pies" are truly deserving of an often overused word.  If I were one to host a dinner party, these would be on my menu!
5	I know, I know.  How many times am I going to sing the praises of Andrea's pies.  Two at least.  Maybe more if I don't see another review soon.  I can't get enough of these.  You'll now find me at the Old Town market every Saturday bright and early just to get my fix.The breakfast pie (a crustless mini-quiche) with bacon, eggs, and onions is worth getting up early for as these sell quick.  This morning I tried the "Smarty" with salmon, mushrooms, and asparagus.  Who would have thought a fish pie, of all things, would be such pure deliciousness?  Although the herb sauce was a bit runny, since they're baked just before serving, the crust didn't get soggy at all.  And I have to admit, I drank the little bit of juice left in the bottom.  Luckily, I was sitting on a curb and not in a restaurant.  On a side note, Andrea is also a supporter of the farmers markets by using ingredients from fellow vendors.  Coincidentally, we buy from the same beef and seafood suppliers.  Only when I cook, it's not nearly as good...and I have to clean it all up.
5	When I first saw Saffron's set up at the farmers market the first thought that came to mind was that I couldn't wait to try their food.I've had just about every one of their handcrafted savory pies and every time I finish I say I have a new favorite. Andrea, formerly trained chef/owner, has a ton of passion, and skill, for her craft, does it up right.If they aren't in retail by the end of the year I'd be surprise....
5	I discovered these pies last September and feel in love with them. The are very tasty and professionally made. Andrea is committed to providing a really homemade, healthy, comfort food. All the pies are great but I prefer the larger pies because they have crust all the way around them. The Sassy Pie is absolutely amazing...Check out the website to see what markets they are at and information about ordering pies. I would suggest going down to a local market and meeting Andrea of one of the people she has working for her.
4	Had a chance to try the crustless quiche today - works for gluten free. It had a good flavor, not over cooked and fresh ingredients. They are working on a gluten free crust for the pot pies and quiches. The meatless one today hit the stop. I'll try them again.
1	Not sure what everyone sees in these pies. Not worth the money.
