4	Highly recommended. We wanted to have a beautiful, intimate wedding, just the two of us. We chose the Intimate Lakeside Garden package. It was reasonable, efficient, and the pictures are beautiful. It certainly looks like we had a much more expensive, elaborate wedding than we did. All in all, a very beautiful, memorable experience.
5	We did not want the hassle of planning every detail of our wedding, so we chose Always & Forever to do it for us.  BOY are we glad we did!! Best experience I could have ever had as a bride. We chose the "Dreams Come True"  chapel wedding package.  The limo driver called prior to picking me up to confirm what time she should be there, and then she was on time.  They worked with me on hiding the groom from seeing me before the ceremony. (they put him in the bathroom which made me lol)  They upgraded my flowers for free since I wasn't have a 10 person wedding party.  The two tiered cake provided with the package was excellent! The minister was funny and sincere and made us both feel very special and comfortable.  This did not feel like your typical "Vegas" wedding.  This felt like they spent months planning it for me.  There was no rush, no pushiness, or rudeness.  They were very helpful and made me feel so at ease.Trust me, if you want to have an excellent experience and walk out of there feeling like you had a wedding planner, choose this place.  You can't beat the price, the service, or the experience anywhere in Vegas!!!  THANK YOU ALL SO MUCH! The Garrett's, Cheyenne, WY
5	I cannot say enough good things about this place.  We were married on April 14th in the garden.  I did not have to worry about the details. They took care of everything and actually made some very good recommendations about colors and such for the reception.  Myself and the other girls riding in the limo were actually late getting there but you would never know it by the way we were treated.  They were courteous and gracious.  I felt really really bad about the situation because I know that there was a wedding following ours and we put everyone out and I can only guess how stressed they were. The photographer was excellent.  At the reception, everything was beautiful and there were touches everywhere above and beyond what we expected.  The cake was gorgeous and yummy!  The food was delicious!  It was nothing like a typical vegas wedding our guests were expecting and we received lots of compliments. So to Raquel, thanks ever so much!!
4	This venue offers many different locations and packages. I ended up getting the Lakeside Garden location with the Lakeside Devotion package. The reason I chose this is because they offered, at the time, full rights to a set number of photos. With the package I bought I got 36 Poses On High Quality Digital Format CD, and a DVD of the ceremony. It also included a limo ride to and from, flowers for bride and groom, chairs and music. I did also add on some flower corsages for all the moms. The flowers were stunning. I told them that I didn't want my groom to see me before the wedding and they were able to keep us apart until the ceremony started. The officiant was really nice and had some beautiful words to say. I did opt for a second photographer to get pictures of us during and after the wedding through the reception, you may want to do the same. Overall, I had a great experience.Oh, one more thing. The venue, at least Lakeside Garden, is located in a kind of strip mall. It's all the way on the end, but it's slightly misleading. However, once you are inside, it is really beautiful!!
5	I honestly didn't expect much when I decided to get married in a chapel in Las Vegas, but this place is amazing! Family run business which is very professional. They have great packages and prices! I highly recommend using them. Everyone is very genuinely friendly and they pay extra attention to what you want. Luke helped me the most through phone calls and when we got to the chapel, they are all very sweet. You get a great deal for your money! Really glad we got married there! You only have to wait a few days for the photos after the ceremony and they send you home with a DVD too! Thank you so much for making our wedding so perfect!
5	I absolutely, positively had the PERFECT wedding thanks to Always & Forever.  Every step of the way, the staff was accommodating and professional.  I even asked for special flowers, and they were more than able to meet (and exceed) my expectations.  The minister was a great mixture of funny and touching, and the cameraman made our special day lots of fun.  All in all, I couldn't have asked for better.  I'm so glad I chose Always & Forever!
3	Let me start off by saying, overall am satisfied with our wedding ceremony at their Lakeside Garden and our wedding reception at the Lakeshore reception site.The Pros:The setting is lovely.The cake turned out beautifully and was delicious.Some of the pictures were really nice.DJ was fantastic.We went with an open bar and while limited on selection, the bartender made good drinks.Waldorf salad and the mashed potatoes tasted great,They set the tables up beautifully.Limo driver was on time and professionalOverall price was great. We had a full on wedding w a 3 hour reception for 30 guests w a dove release, 2 venues, open bar (which we added Malibu rum to for me), 3 tier cake, all pictures included, 3 bags of petals for throwing during pictures, champagne toast, DJ, video of ceremony, salad and buffet dinner and it cost us about $6500. to Always and forever. (We did purchase shuttle service separately and of course our stay in Vegas).We added a dove release for $250 plus 18% gratuities and taxes. The guy that was in charge of the doves was extremely professional. Much to our delight, he brought 5 doves. We got the initial release pictures & more after w the others. The photographer missed the second release of dovesThe Cons:They did not always get back to my emails in a timely fashion; sometimes it took them a week or more and I would have to resend the email at times.They had the limo pick us up at the same time that they told me to have the shuttle pick the guests up at the hotel. I mentioned that I did not want to arrive at the same time and I was told that the shuttle will take longer to get there. I saw my guests at the hotel when we were all leaving for the wedding and the shuttle literally followed the limo to the ceremony site. I saw them again once we got to the site. The 30 minutes that they give you is not enough time to get into the changing room and change into your dress. The wedding started 15 minutes late as a result and our picture time in the garden was then just a mere 20 minutes before we were rushed off to the reception. These pictures were by far the best ones. I wish we had had more time to take more.Photographer was dressed like she was going to a festival or picnic. Black capris, a colorful shirt and a pair of hiking sandals w the rubber tread bottom. Not what I consider wedding attire.Minister had on black sneakers. Yes, sneakers.London Broil was over cooked and dryChicken was just okVegetables were overcooked and did not even look appealingOur video was elementary at best; it is a close up (from our stomachs up) almost the entire ceremony. The only time she moved the camera was for our sand ceremony since that was out of view and the camera had to be moved. The remainder of the video is simply a close up of us. You never even see the guests sitting on the left side. The guests to the right are only seen as she moves the camera over to capture the sand ceremony. Part of the problem here was probably that the photographer was also the videographer (1 person), therefore the video camera was mainly just sitting on a tripod until she panned it over for the sand ceremony. It was a horrible video. My hair is a mess in the majority of pictures taken outside on the deck- the only posed ones that include all our guests/family. The wind was blowing- no fault to the photographer there. The problem was is that she was snapping away and I had no idea. One of my guests had to pull me aside and she told me that my hair was sticking up like crazy in all of the shots and that we should take the photos facing the other way so that the wind blew towards our faces and not the back of our heads. The photographer commented that the view was not as good from that direction (for the background. Very true, but I hate the pictures that I received where my hair is literally flying all over above my head. So glad that we turned around and got some acceptable shots...they still look pretty bad due to the wind, but they are better than the others. The disappointing part is that I only have posed pictures with my own parents where my hair is sticking up all over.My maid of honor could not make the ceremony. I found out 3 days prior. I asked if I could use the cost of her bouquet towards a nicer bouquet for my other bridesmaid and "upgrade" it. They agreed since they had not made them yet. That being said, I had paid $85+18% tax/gratuities (added to everything) for the bouquet that I would not be needing. that total $100 upgrade to the other bouquet (which was already paid for and was a 5 rose bouquet) only increased its size of my paid in full 5 rose bridesmaid bouquet by 7 roses. I'm sorry, but it was essentially $100 to add 5 roses to that bouquet. I felt ripped off.Speaking of the bouquets, I was disappointed when they handed them to me. The pink roses had brownish discoloration to them on the edges and most were so tight that the tops were closed. Not terrible, but not what I expected.
3	Nice little reception staff was nice and the prices are descent for those with a budget. Only thing I didn't like is the set up you have to walk through this narrow hallway and the bar is an awkward place.The outside it reminds me of San Jose and older neighborhood but pretty
5	WOW! WOW! WOW! If we could give 10 stars we would.  This place was amazing.  We were married over the weekend 5/31/14 at 7:00 pm we had 75 guests.  I, like every bride Im sure, was a little hesitant on how it all would turn out.  Well, it turned out amazing, and far exceeded every expectation we had!We had our rehearsal the night before, were we were greeted and went over step by step how everything would play out, I also brought extra decorations like candles, favors, names cards for each table, guest books, seating chart, and extra fillers for the table.  They gave me no grief and asked about everything in particular and gave great advise on how to set it up. I arrived to the venue early to have my time in the bridal suite.  Upon arrival, I walked into the reception area and was blown away!!!! Everything was set up so perfectly!! They had done everything! The name cards were on the table and all the extra trinkets I had asked them to put down.  The center pieces they had included were gorgeous the linens were amazing, They set up the gift table and our sweetheart table so nicely.  I cannot explain how amazing it looked!!!! The wedding was on time, everyone was blown away by the scenery, having it on the lake under that gazebo was gorgeous.  There was a nice breeze, and the day seemed surreal.  The  pastor was great, she asked what we were looking for and was very sweet and lead the ceremony perfectly.  We had a sand ceremony (another thing they had to set up) and it went amazing. There was music when I was walking.  It was just great!We had our pictures, and we were asked who we would want in them.  We had our family our grandparents, the bridal party.  It was great.  They said we will get the pictures in about 2 weeks.  Cant wait to see them!We walked into the reception where the DJ (who was female, cute and sweet) who was great announced us and the wedding party in and played awesome music that kept everyone on the dance floor.  We requested some songs that a lot of people had never even heard of but she found them and played them!! DJ was fabulous!Our meal was amazing.  They served us, we actually got to eat a full meal (a lot of people say you never get to eat at your wedding) but they served us first and made sure we ate.  The food was amazing!!!!!!! Everyone complimented our food!! We opted for Bowtie fetticine alfredo, halibut, potatoes with bacon, green beans.  Everything was amazing.  Our plates were cleared of food and so were everyone elses! Great catering company!  No joke people loved the food! and were impressed that we had halibut!We cut the cake, it was fun! I smashed some in my husbands face :) you gotta do that! The cake was amazing and gorgeous! We brought our own wedding topper and they made it look amazing!  The cake was so good! We got the chocolate cake with cream filling. Yum!  The bartender was great and fast (the single ladies thought he was really cute too!)! There was never a crowd at the bar.  We set a cash price on the hard alcohol, and made stipulations (like no shots and well drinks only).  They followed that perfectly. Once it ran out we had everyone pay for there own drinks,  Which was towards the end of the night and no one cared. Once the night ended, they packed up all of our gifts and decorations in the fastest time I have ever seen, It was awsome! They even sent us home with the first tier of our wedding cake, so we can eat it at our first anniversary!! They packed everything into our limo (which was perfectly on time) and sent us on our way! It was great!Everyone loved the place thought it was gorgeous, everyone had such a good time.  I have been told a million times already it was the funnest wedding they had ever been too.  It was great. Seriously.If i had to do it all over again, I wouldn't change anything. It was just what we were looking for :) Me and my  husband were just baffled by what an amazing place this was and how amazing the staff was! We want to especially thank Isabella and Raquel, you girls are great and deserve a raise.  They made everything flow so well! WOW!! If your thinking of booking here do it,  and make sure to thank me later.  You won't regret anything about it xoxoxoThank you for making out special day so memorable !!
5	These people are top notch!! Oh and Debbie Gibson was having dinner next door and decided to stop in, which was pretty cool too! I really cannot say enough good things, the venue was amazing, so beautiful! The team was adaptable to all the changes we had to make, trouble shooting to accommodate issues as they arose and they even matched their outfits to our wedding colors so they blended in. I think the best part was how easy it was to just have someone take care of everything. My only note is to make sure to mention any food  options or adjustments you need. I forgot and there was cream on everything so I didn't eat much as a non-dairy consumer. Regardless! I highly recommend Always & Forever Weddings, their team will make sure your dreams are made a reality!
5	We were married on May 15,2014 and the staff were amazing and very accommodating. I cannot say enough about how fantastic everyone was. Especially Raquel, it is very scary planning a wedding from Canada when everything was in vegas. The staff were always polite and took the time to go through my options with me via phone and email and let us tour the facility when we arrived. The location was beautiful ( we were in the gazebo on the lake). And the reception was lovely as well if I could give them more stars I would. I really appreciate that they helped make my wedding day an amazing experience.
2	Ok so to start the wedding ceremony on the gazebo was beautiful! The officiant was superb and very likable. Our wedding assistant for the day was amazing and very helpful and tried her best to fix things that went left to the best of her ability. I wish I had a relative videotaping because the videographer dropped the camera during the ceremony and the cd was very poor quality. The photographer was a bit overbearing, but captured some great shots and even danced with us during the reception. I say the reception was butchered because everything was running about a hour behind schedule so we were promised extended reception time since we were the last wedding of the day, but our reception came to an abrupt halt when the groom and I were thanking guest outside imagine my surprise when all of our guest came outside and said dj ended our reception! Also we gave a pretty detailed packet and song list... The dj announced us by the wrong name and we had to yell across the room out correct last name! Aside from being introduced to our guest as mr and mea wrong name it was anything but the high party atmosphere we requested and our song list was ignored while the dj played just a few of te songs from our list and whatever else she wanted while the majority of the evening the lights were very bright in the room even though I asked the be dimmed and the dance floor remained empty aside from the hyper kids who enjoyed any song. The food was so bad that the groom and I were going to order pizza for our guest because guest were leaving early to go get food, it was so embarrassing! I couldn't believe all the detail in the packet and how good the menu appeared to be and I felt like we were being served cafeteria slop, the Alfredo pasta lacked sauce...they ignored my request for seasonal veggies and served green beans! The best thing I had to eat that night was the fruit and cheese and bread rolls! We had a cash bar but the dj didn't announce to the guest that they had the option of sodas and juice for free or alcoholic beverages for purchase. Our reception was abruptly ended without regard for the rest of the program such as our thank you toast, our garter toss and bouquet toss were all skipped!!!! It was a very disappointing and hectic evening that embarrassed us in front of family and friends that traveled so far for an enjoyable experience. I definitely look forward to a do over elsewhere where we can really get our money's worth and enjoy our day! We had high hopes for this place and what it offered, If I lived closer I would've sued after this experience! My wedding day memories will forever be chaotic!
5	My husband and I could not have been happier! We got married at 7:00 PM on August 9, 2014. First off, I arrived a little early and they had no problem letting me into the bridal room right away. Upon arriving, I was AMAZED at how beautifully the place was decorated. I had dropped of some decorations the day before and they found a place for everything and made everything look perfect and beautiful. Despite not having a rehearsal, everything went very smoothly. The staff walked everyone through everything, and it all went very well. The wedding on the gazebo was beautiful. The pastor was very sweet, asked me questions about what I wanted and performed a great ceremony. The photographer was very nice and took many pictures that we cannot wait to see. The staff did an excellent job. They were friendly and on top of everything the entire evening. For dinner we selected the Asian flank steak, chicken, pasta and potatoes. All the food was delicious and our guests really enjoyed it. Everyone liked the fact that they didn't have to choose between the steak and chicken. If they wanted both, they were given both. My husband and I really liked that when he and I  requested a song from the DJ, they would play it immediately. We are glad we added an extra hour to the reception as the night flew by. We would definitely recommend Always and Forever Gazebo weddings. Thank you Always and Forever Team for making our wedding beautiful and memorable!
5	I just got married on Saturday at the Lakeside Garden venue through Always and Forever. Everything went so PERFECT!!!! The staff was fantastic and I couldn't imagine a more perfect ceremony. Thank you for everything Always & Forever for making my every wish come true.
5	On 9/19/14 I got married and we got so lucky as this was the first and ONLY venue we looked at.  They paid close attention to the hot pink and black detail that we chose for our wedding and threw in some surprises that was amazing!  Upgraded our center pieces and put a designed table cloth on the table that matched my decor!  All the ladies (and gentleman) that I encountered were so polite and accomodating.  Honestly I got worried at a bridal show, when looking at different decorations for weddings and cakes and food, that I was going to miss out on all of that experience!  I know and never will ever regret my decision!  The food was amazing too!  And I watch "4 Weddings" on TLC, so I can be very critical!  We chose the Asian Flank Steak, and Fettuccine, and it was so delish!  The photographer was so polite and captured the best of our special day.  Oh and the DJ!!!!  We wanted the hype of our wedding at a 5! and she did amazing!  The venue included everything!  Saved me and my husband time and headaches from running around town trying to pick things out.  Oh and for the brides and grooms contemplating this venue that have uhhhh, controlling parents, they will ABSOLUTELY do what you and your fiance want!  After all it is your day!  Thank you all again and I strongly encourage you all to visit Always and Forever!
5	After having our venue near our home cancel on us last minute due to structural issues, I felt panicked. We called multiple places in San Diego that were all booked or couldn't accommodate a last minute request. We came to Vegas after finding this place online. We had our wedding here in Feb of 2013. It was absolutely perfect! The center pieces, lighting, food, atmosphere, etc was all exceptional. They were accommodating to requests and last minute changes! Everyone I met who worked here was nice and caring. You didn't feel like you were in Vegas. I think you get more than you pay for here. I would highly recommend this place.
5	All I have to say is WOW, this venue was incredible. I planned everything with Raquel from New Mexico and I can't say thank you enough for everything they did for us. We got married on October 12,2014 and everything was beyond amazing. They were accommodating and allowed us to view the venue the day before and do a quick rehearsal so everyone in our wedding knew what they were suppose to do. Michael the photographer was so energetic and fun and had us laughing the whole time. The minister Rev Robert Zangger did a beautiful civil ceremony and was a pleasure to speak with after the ceremony. From the moment everyone stepped onto the grounds they were amazed that this place was in Las Vegas. Def not a cheesy venue like the ones on the strip and totally worth the 15-20 minute drive... Always & Forever will always be in our hearts for giving us the perfect wedding we have always dreamed of. Thank you so much!  Can't wait until we get our pictures and video!
