3	Wow!  This is the true blue truck stop hidden behind Wendy's.  Yellow and red placard on the wall announce all the specials and another sign lets you know that they have homemade macaroni and potato salad.All the tables and booths were filled with truck drivers.  I imagined Large Marge coming around the corner any second.  They have an array of cheeseburger sizes and the 1/2 pound we got seemed enormous.  The prices were beyond reasonable. It was a true blue truck stop cheeseburger served up by a sweet little old lady.  The fries were nothing spectacular and the side salad I had was good.  I  will return, if for nothing else to experience a true americana experience.  I will be back again for some rib sticking biscuits and gravy and apple pancakes.
5	Great dive diner!   American trucker style.
4	The grilled cheese sandwich was amazing.  And cheap!  The truckers here were friendly but, holy crap, do they have some sad stories to tell.  And they will talk to anyone who will listen.CASH ONLY.  But really, what did you expect.
5	I've been here several times, and I've never been served anything I didn't like. Yeah, it's a total dive, but it's a charming little dive. Plus, their cook rocks. Good food, CHEAP, and consistent. Stuff I've tried:Biscuits and GravyEggs (scrambled, omelet, over-easy, and sunny side up, all good)Sausage (if you see it, TRY IT - homemade and delicious)Grilled Cheese (also with ham)Hash brownsCorned beef hashOnion ringsTexas toastReally, you can't go wrong. Also, take note - they're cash only.
5	This is an old school restaurant that has not changed since the 60's. If you dine there, you will bring people. It is a funky homey place with fun waitresses from 22-70 years old. tease em and they push right back in a fun flifting way. Old signs all around. On Sunday morning you might see a rat rot, 58 caddie, an assortment of motorcycles, big beards, but most of all you get a lot of good home cookin at a really good price. They cook eggs over easy when you order them that way. Where did over medium come from? Are there really people who order over easy expecting snotty oyster consistency? Ham and eggs is less ththan 8 bucks, and it is a full ham steak, toast 2 eggs and hash browns or home fries with peppers and onions, just like you would make for your family. It is one of my favorite restaurants, and not just because of the price. Dieters beware, the patty melt is awesome as are the burgers, meat loaf, and on and on.
5	Only been here twice, the first was a few years ago. Decided to pay it another visit last week and I forgot how good the burgers were. The Service was good, Waitress seemed to know everyone who walked in the door. The ambiance reminds me of burger joints i use to go to as a child. I had the 1lb burger which was awesome! My girlfriend had thir chicken wings and fries which were also surprisingly goood! Bottom line, if your looking for a laid back, good old fashioned spot to enjoy good food, Maverick's Truck Stop is it!
5	Great place to eat. Very cheap and very big portions. Staff is friendly and everything is cooked to order. I'm a big fan.
