4	If you like to order your drinks by color and suck from a fistful of straws from a fishbowl...and watch college kids fight and vomit, Wando's is the place for you...and it is fun, the boys are cute and unconcious, what more could you ask for?
3	I'm torn about Wando's; as a rule, I generally hate this place.  The lines, the jerky bouncers, the clientele, and the music.  However, their fish fry is quite tasty, and it is pretty much the only place in town where you can get a communal mixed drink-- if a pitcher of beer just isn't going to do it for you.  Also the jerky bouncers do effectively manage the population of 19 year olds, so wait until you're 21 for this place, folks.
3	Let's see: a recap of my time here on a Tuesday night. I was surrounded by relieved, festive MBA students celebrating the end of a ridiculously hard finance midterm - perhaps a social change from the youngsters. While there, I dodged an errant dart falling down from the second floor and I tried some of this well done free bacon in the shadows where I couldn't get freaked out by the massive grease. I thought the bathrooms would be hell, but I was pleasantly surprised to actually find out I could line the toilet and sit on it without dying of a heart attack. But I was a bit shaded out when a freshman girl (who talked about her old high school prom) shared one too many details with a guy she hooked up with. I tried the purple colored fishbowl (which I assume was grape) and it didn't even taste like there was alcohol in it! Anyway, I think it is super funny to hear that they don't allow a single person to buy a fishbowl without evidence your friends will help you.
4	A great Madison bar made famous by their signature drink, The Fishbowl.Wando's has creative drink specials such as Beer and Bacon.  Every Tuesday they offer $1 cans of PBR and Coors Light and free bacon, this special is genius and Brat's flip night is the only better Tuesday night special.  Another good special is the cheap fish bowl's on Thursday's.The bar consists of three different bars on three separate levels and all the bartender's are efficient and friendly so you don't have to wait as long to get a drink at Wando's as you do at many other Madison bars.  Always attracts a big crowd Thursday thru Saturday.  Wando's is a fun place to drink at.
3	I only come here on Thursdays where fishbowls are the special.  Especially tasty after a few 34 oz half price 'ritas at Pedro's.  That usually ends the Thirsty Thursday night run.  Perfect as it's probably only 11pm and you can still get up for your 8:50 class Friday morning.  Pretty genius if I can say so myself.
4	So, I was very afraid of this place for a while. I wasn't sure if I could keep up with screaming undergrad crowd. But you know what, at 1 am, who cares? Good time is a good time no matter how old you are. I didn't try the infamous fishbowl this time, but from other reviewers' comments, that sounds like a must-try for the next time.The bar staffs are very attentive, so the place is actually unexpectedly orderly while keeping all trashed faces happy. They look after everyone, and one of them was kind enough to escort me going down the stairs and asked me if I'll be alright. I really wasn't that drunk, but I found this pretty comforting.
3	Okay.  I might give Wando's 4 stars if I never had to be there when the d-bags came pouring in (around 10 p.m.).  But inevitably, they come and ruin an otherwise magical evening that I was sharing with my free bacon and $1 cans of PBR.  Que sera, sera...I used to love the fishbowls.  Then, after one horrific, fishbowl-induced hangover too many, I banned myself from these wonderful drinks.  It was a house rule: Heather may not consume fishbowls.  Yes, I am serious.  Also, I found out that there's something like 20 shots worth of liquor in those things.  Gosh.  WHY did I get hungover....?The only reason I go to Wando's now (and for the past couple years) is the free bacon/$1 beer night.  You get the itis something fierce, but it's wonderful before that happens.
4	I have so much love for my classic Wisco hangout.When I describe Wisco bars to San Francisco people,Bacon night at Wando's sums it up wonderfully:1. Free Bacon (hundreds of pounds of deep friend deliciousness)2. Dollar Beers ...now if only we could get them to hand out free cubes of cheese!
3	Ask me to write a review a year ago, and I would have given this bar a fatty four stars, but the star-value for this establishment has declined in the past year which I will now explain:The drink specials are decent--not spectacular, but they'll do.  Tuesday night is Beer and Bacon night.  It is definitely something I'd recommend.  What exactly is this:  $1 PBR and Coors Light and free bacon.  Let me tell you, there's pretty much no better combination than this.  For the most part, the bacon is delicious.  There have been a few times this year where the bacon has been very questionable.  And if that's the case, sit and enjoy cheap beer all night long.Thursday night is the special on fishbowls.  Ahhh fishbowls.  The many memories or lack there of because of them.  Even when they're not on special they're always a good choice.  $15-20 for a delicious bowl of alcohol.  I'm in.  Not to mention the array of colors you can choose from.  My favorite being the teal or purple.  Share them between a bunch of people, and you've got yourself a good drunken night.  Most likely full of poor life choices.  Maybe that's just me?  Damnit.Monday nights they have karaoke.  Anybody who knows me knows I love to belt out a tune or two.  It's very entertaining to observe if you're not up to participating in the science that is karaoke.With all this positive comes the negative.  The crowd Wandos attracts.  Douchebag central during the school year.  And on top of being douchebags, most of the time they are extremely hammered douchebags.  Nothing good comes from that.  Nothing.  The employees are okay.  Some are awesome.  Some are the antithesis of awesome.  Most of those being the football players that are hired as bouncers.  Sure, I get why they're hired--they are big tall and scary.  But with them comes their dbag athlete friends.  And with atheletes comes the jersey chasers.  Lame!  That's all I'm saying about all of that.All in all, definitely check out Wandos.  Hell, it used to be my favorite bar.  Who knows, maybe you'll like it.  If anything, you're sure to get drunk!
5	Fuck my Mom's guestroom, I would sleep here if I could.
2	Wando's is...alright.  There is usually at least some people there, even on a weeknight, which is good if you happen to have the luxury of making it out on a monday or sunday night.  The drinks aren't spectacular-I don't think the fishbowl is all that spectacular.  The bar itself is pretty nicely laid out-it is three levels with a little bit of a different atmosphere on each level.The reason why I've never been a big fan of Wando's is the crowd.  The people are extremely uninteresting.  You have your typical 24 year old dudes going out with a group of guys, thinking they are the coolest thing to ever happen to this city/bar, trying to get as hammered as possible-and you've got your 20 year old sorority/sorority-type girls who can't seem to help but falling in love with their every words as well.  You also have the madison grads who come back to relive the days of their youth - who really haven't found anything better to do since.  If I could meet cooler people at this bar, I would definitely like it alot more.  As it is-if you are a madison student, you need to come here when you turn 21 to get the fabled "fishbowl," but after that there are plenty of other better choices in Madison if you want a fun night.
1	Every time I went there it kinda smelled. I think the sewer must be close to the floor or something. Drinks are normally priced but not too strong. If you want to drink a fishbowl, you could make it at home with some vodka and koolaid. Service is absolutely terrible. I would not recommend it.
4	I've always had fun when I've been to Wandos.  You never have to wait long in line, and there are three different floors to choose from if you need a change while your inside.  I love the third floor because it's probably the most spacious. They don't have the greatest drink specials, but why should they right? I mean I feel like they're always busy.  A fish bowl is must if for no other reason than that it is what they are known for.  I personally like the orange the best.  The bartenders are all cute, the music is nice, and it's an overall nice atmosphere.  Did I mention bacon night? Yes please.
3	Have been coming here since I was legal, which is not as long as other establishments in Madison.  The reason is that Wando's is not a place you go to if your are underage.  Their reputation of keeping all the kids out is appreciated.  Sometimes and it is becoming more often now I just want to be drinking with other adults and not drunken kids.  Wandos offers great specials during the week highlighted by bacon night every tuesday.  The bacon goes fast so you gotta get there early.  The $1 PBR and Coors Light washes all that delicious fat down.The knock against wandos is that the bartenders in general suck.  Not sure how they got jobs there, but they don't seem to know the difference between Miller Lite and Guinness.  I don't dare order a mixed drink there because its either not what I ordered or super weak.Over all its a good place to drink before a game.  There is always people there and the multiple floors make the experience more intimate.
4	Tuesday nights, free bacon and $1 beers! what more can you ask for?
3	Wando's is an interesting multi-story bar. It's usually pretty crowded and when its crowded, it feels a little awkward to get around in. The fish bowls is a large draw to a lot of people. They're a definite part of the experience of coming here. Usually plays a variety of music(I've heard country here?) I'm not sure if its a jukebox or what. No pool table but has darts I believe.
4	Bacon Night (with dollar beers) and Fish Bowls, nuff said. A must go to bar for downtown Madison on the weekends.
2	Really, you could to better.Unless you're 20 or younger, or from Jersey. Really, this bar is NOT THAT GREAT. I would have given it a "one star" if only to bring down its average, but it is a a "two star". It has a good, central, off-State location, has good specials, and is spacious. And decent bartenders. And that's all it's got going for it.Clientelle is pretty lame, and the last time I was there, even though I was with a huge group of friends, it still couldn't mask the icky flavor of the place.Try it if you'd like, but you could do much better, even on campus.
4	So um yeah... THIS PLACE IS GREAT! Of course everyone knows why people go here... FISH BOWLS and they are not just silly old, oh a little bit of alcohol, they mean serious business with these things. NOTE: DO NOT DRINK ALONE bad things will happen. Aside from the well priced and delicious fish bowls, they also have great deals on other drinks which is nice. It is a 3 story building on University and it is GREAT. They even have amazing food during the day if you stop in for a late after noon beer and burger! The people that come there are generally pretty cool and pretty wild which makes this place even more fun! also... of course... FREE BACON AND DOLLAR BEERS!!! WOOO can get a little too rowdy though when your walking across the spilled-beer ocean... Only downside, bouncers? COOL Bartenders? COOL. Staff are all pretty cool and just an all-around fun place to go!
5	Wando's is as good as it gets in Madison!  Bacon and beer night, absolutely one of the greatest ideas in the history of man kind!  Also a great spot to go if you want a bar with NO underage idiots making fools of themselves.  The Friday Fish Fry is to die for!  Absolutely fantastic food, VERY highly recommended if you're in Madison!
5	I drownded in the FISH BOWL and had a great time.
1	I went here for the infamous fish bowls. The place was insanely packed...body to body. My friends and I were fortunate to find a table where we could share our fish bowl. We were having an okay time until a bartender came up to our table, grabbed our $20 fish bowl and started walking away with it.  When every person in my group instantly objected that we were not finished and that it was still 1/4 full, the RUDE bartender refused to return our drink, shouted "No, it's empty" and continued walking away. Needless to say, we were pissed. Two minutes later we saw the same bartender walking off with another fish bowl that was about 3/4 full.  I'm guessing they were out of fish bowls and trying to get more, but that does not give you the right to take someone's drink out from under them.
2	So I hovered over the stars to pick out something that seemed appropriate and landed on 2 stars - "Meh. I've experienced better." Which is funny, because I'm pretty sure this is the exact thing I said when I last walked out of Wando's.My burger was severely overcooked, fries and onion rings tasted like they came straight out of the microwave, and the beer selection to complement it was unacceptably limited - this is Wisconsin, guys. The Wando Burger is a novel idea, but it's not going to get you anywhere if the ingredients you're using to make it all taste like ass.Not bad as far as campus bars go, but it's certainly nothing to write home about. Yes, you can drink alcohol out of a fish bowl here. I get it. Can you actually do something about this place to make me want to come here based on something more than a pointless gimmick?
2	well they've got the fishbowl... that is pretty awesome.  The rest isn't the best.  A bunch of people looking to get some.  Its three floors which is unique but because there's so many people its just crowded getting around the stairs.  The drinks are cheap which is another plus, but just not it for me.
1	Typical college bar. You get free bacon on Tuesdays. Weekends get really busy with college students. A lot of under agers are known to get in. A lot of racist people. Employees don't really care. Overall, a less than overage place to go to.
4	I, for one, have spent way too much time in Wando's...drowning in fish bowls, consuming free bacon on Tuesdays (with $1 PBR's, natch), and generally overindulging myself. This is all in my college years. However, even when I get back to Madison once per year, I still make a stop at Wando's. Why?1) To reminisce about the above. It's still the same bar but now there are heat lamps outside when you wait in a long line. 2) Fish bowls. One sip will probably do now. Those things are lethal and will leave you with the worst.hangover.ever. 3) Cheap drinks. Although you can likely get these anywhere. The bartenders range from polite to surly and the crowd can completely vary, mostly depending on game nights. It's a bar, not a country club.
1	Went to Wando's for the HS coaches' Nike Boom Party.  Now football coaches tend to be fatter than the general population.  Boom turned out to be prophetic when one fat coach had a blood vessel explode in his leg on the 3rd floor there.  I've never seen so much blood in my life, can't believe the guy survived.  It took an hour and 2 refills of the mop machine to get everything off the floor.  Unbelievable.  But that isn't what got this one star- if anything, this experience made it more toward the 2 star just for the unique experience factor.   No, for this party, free appetizers were advertised, but a couple of frozen pizzas were put out.  Fine, the beer was free, and I don't know if it was the fault of Nike or Wando's but the food was chintzy at the very least.  Also, the space wasn't enough for the crowd that came.  If I'm going to be jammed into a sausage fest, I need at least a semblance of personal space.  Figure it out, guys, a bunch of people on public worker salaries promised free beer- do you think an event like this will underdraw?  Just a kind of weird and not so great experience.  However, I may go the rest of my life without seeing a dude's leg explode again, so that was probably worth something...
5	Good food, good drinks.  Free Bacon, fishbowls.  What could be better.  The Wando burger is always good and the specials are always pretty good.  Its at least worth a stop.  Tons of parking in the lot next door is cheap also.  Its big enough for Kohl center events.
4	finally had my first fish bowl at wando's. all i can say is wow. . . i'm kind of sad i missed bacon night though. every time i come to madison i do try and stop here. it's a great atmosphere and a fun bar to drink at. The bartender working on the 3rd floor was super friendly when we went and it wasn't just for tips. If you're watching Badger hockey or basketball, it's right on your way to the Kohl Center, so there's really no reason to NOT come here.
4	Two words: fish bowl.  Apparently, they only serve full-sized fish bowls to groups of 3+ individuals.  My friend and I tried to order a fish bowl to split between the two of us, and we were told that we could only order it if we hadn't had anything to drink yet...ANYWHERE. Sounds like a challenge, right? Right? Wrong. We figured we'd play it safe and just order a half. We were pretty disappointed to find that it did NOT come in a fish bowl. :( So much for all the inappropriate facebook photos. We got the orange soda flavored fish bowl, although the bartender did mention that we could get ANY color that we wanted. It pretty much tasted like a frat house jungle juice.  Nothing spectacular, but it serves its purpose. And yes, the two of us would have been fine splitting a full-sized fish bowl. It might have meant a few extra bathroom runs, but it would have been worth it. Bartender, you underestimate us. Wando's is a great place to start the night. I'd probably just get in early, down a fishbowl, and bounce.  At 10PM, the second floor split level was already so packed it looked like a fire hazard waiting to happen, and overall, the entire place was a little too bro-ish for me. Wouldn't want to get caught in the middle of a bar scuffle between the backwards-hat gang and the muscle man in the corner.
4	"You know what today is, right?  Taco Tuesday!"That's what I hear from my excited coworker every week.  And he has a reason to be excited.  $2 for 2 giant tacos.  GOOD tacos at that.  Giant pile of beef and lots of fresh fixins all the way down to the black olives.  For a couple more dollars you can get a delicious cup of chicken tortilla soup, which has enough spice to clear your sinuses but not enough to make you breathe fire.  Plus it's mostly cheese, so it's crazy delicious.The rest of their menu is pretty solid.  They make a fine wrap.  I guess I had an impression that college bars often have lacking food menus.  This place proves me very wrong.
4	Friend: "Hey, grab me a beer will you? That's nothing in this world that's better than beer."Other friend: "Yeah, except for bacon."As you can see from my two friends' heated and highly thought provoking debate, the two best things in this world, without a doubt, are beer and bacon. For the past 22 years of my life, I've had countless bottles of beer, and way too many pieces of bacon. However, I've never had them at the same time.Well, here's where Wando's come in. Wando's, on Tuesday nights, has an amazing $1 beer special, that comes with.... yep, you've guessed it, FREE BACOOOON!!!!11111!!!!111111!!!!!I don't really have to list why free bacon is so awesome, but I will:1) Bacon is one of the oldest processed meats in history. That means you're eating a piece of history every time you're biting into that juicy strip of deliciousness.2) Bacon contains Vitamin B1, B12 AND Zinc. 3) Bacon has its on Holiday. The Saturday before Labor Day is devoted to INTERNATIONAL BACON DAY!!! You don't see spinach getting a holiday after it do you? 4) In the 16th century, having bacon is actually a sign of wealth. European peasants would literally put their bacon on a pedastal, to display the amount of bacon they could afford. 5) 70% of all bacon in the US is eaten during breakfast time, and here I am, eating bacon at night. That means this is a truly unique experience that will make you stand out in front of all of your friends.Given those awesome reasons on bacon, and more awesome reasons on beer, I do believe Wando's should be commended on their creativity and ingenious blend of the two best things in the world.
3	As it turns out, wandos is a great place to pregame and get intoxicated before a college football game.I cannot see any other reason for going there... Prices are fair, service was fair... great place to meet up with friends.
1	Not my favorite place to be. Sometimes I go here to please others or when choices are grave. I suppose free bacon is cool. Yet, a staged line to perpetuate the space is more crowded than usual on a bleak, frigid Wisconsin night is severely uncool. The staff here is actually awesome. Too bad they have to deal with the scum of the earth as patrons. Out-of-town and in-town douche bags litter the three floors. The third floor on a Saturday night is something out of my worst nightmares.
1	I despise everything about this place pretty much. Half of my experiences here have involved having to meet 1-2 of my friends here, and then getting there, waiting outside for 20 minutes before being let in, finding out my friends are on the third floor, trying to get up to the third floor, finding out I have to wait in line AGAIN to get to the third floor, getting up there after 15-20 minutes, and all of that just to be bombarded by bros, tackily dressed women and sticky floors. I apologize for that run on of a sentence/story, but it perfectly describes my frustration with Wando's.  When I leave after all this, I feel drained from standing around for so long, and frustrated because that was about an hour of my weekend night wasted.Considering that it's a bro bar, the drink selection obviously isn't too great.  It's bottom shelf liquor and mostly domestics, but with a few decent taps (i.e Blue Moon, Spotted Cow). The fish bowl is one of the main attractions for some patrons, but it just tastes like kool-aid, which is not what I want a drink to taste like.I don't have much else to say about the place. I will admit that Wando's likely does fill some niches.  For instance, it's probably a good place to hang out if you're looking for a one night stand with a college student. It's also fine if you want to dance to pop/edm at a nightclub-esque setting without paying ridiculous drink prices, AND if you're possibly too homophobic to go to Sotto or Plan B. But that isn't me, nor is that the kind of person I want to associate with. So yeah, Wando's is a 1 for me, and I'd recommend most level-headed people to avoid being near there.
3	Classic badger bar, but get it out of your system before you're twenty two. The fishbowl seems much better than it is. It's mostly sugar, not booze, so you'll have a crazy hangover if you have your fair share. Sure it will get you drunk if you split it between two people (or one if you know you failed your midterm), but the gut rot will get you every time.Tuesday is Bacon Night! which truthfully is really gross and cold. More tummy aches for you, BUT if you want to go out on a Tuesday, this is the bar where you'll be in good company. You can always go across the street to Ian's if you desperately need some bacon.If you have to wait in line at night, Wandos definitely has the best set up with a heat lamp once you get near the windows. That being said, the layout of the place kinda sucks. It's long and thin and is always super crowded so you can never move around. Additionally they create another line to get to the upstairs area and that takes up even more of the very little room they have. If you do manage to get up there though, it's really nice. They keep the top level from getting as crowded as the lower ones, there's usually a DJ, theres an extra bathroom and the bartender to customer ratio rocks up there. Good luck getting a spot though, everyone up there knows how good they've got it.
2	Yelp stated it was closed Saturday night but it was open. This is a total college bar so if you're over 25 don't bother. Waiting in line just to make it look busy so that was lame. Then 3rd floor smelled like vomit, liquor, and cheap perfume. ..lol over all it was entertaining but I wouldn't go again unless I'm trying to pick up trashed white girls who think they can twerk.
1	I had to meet up here for a birthday. Thankfully we weren't here for very long. The place was crowded, the floor was sticky, and just over all terrible. The only reason this bar could ever have any appeal is if your a frat boy. I don't even think the bacon is worth coming here for.
4	Whether it's a burger and beer by day, or the velvet rope action by night, Wando's upholds its' end of the bargain, by offering up Joe College Life on a platter to go. Friendly and lively staff continually serve me and my wife the best friday fish specials to be had anywhere in Mad City. She always has the grilled salmon with rice pilaf; I'm the fried cod dude-  british fish and chips meets Long John Silver. Num Yummy! My Johnnie Walker Red on the rocks was poured in a "big boy" glass: just the way I like it.
3	If I'm 22, this three story behemoth gets five stars. I'm not, but that won't keep me from investigating. We stopped in during the game and managed to get a table on the top floor. After some enjoyable people watching of co-eds wearing indescribably sloppy outfits, we hit the road. I can see this place getting rowdy post-game, so this ain't the place to take the 'rents to on parents weekend.
3	Was one of my favorite bars. Wait staff is flighty, rude and concerned about texting. They do not give any effort. I understand it is a college bar but you are in need of decent workers. It was really the female staff that was the worst.Never seen anything like it. Their job is customer service and they don't have it. Good luck I hope it doesn't hurt business because I loved this place.
4	Yes to free bacon, yes to fishbowls, yes to 4 floors of drunk college students.
