1	I requested a home equity line back in July on-line. The whole process took forever. From the moment I started we received several letters notifying us that they had a decision and would get notice within a few days. Eventually I was notified we needed to submit additional information which is necessary I understood but I did not hear this until I followed up a couple weeks later and then they told me. I submitted the information within 24 hrs. Received more notifications a decision was made and we would hear soon. Couple weeks go by now I followup again, they notify me I have to authorize for an inspection and pay out my pocket because its a commercial property. I think on it a couple days call them to do it. We get more notices now we get one with my name and someone else! Is my information being given to that other person?!!! No they made a mistake and added someone else to our case, but nothing was leaked or so I was told. Weeks go by 3 to be exact we keep getting notifications a decision was made. Yet inspection not done! I called they must have overlooked our case will hear from inspector for valuation of property again. Week later inspector makes appointment visit done. They told us they would make decision with 72 hrs from receiving report of valuation. They received the report the Monday following the visit. We get calls notifying us they are waiting on decision but will be done by Thursday. Two weeks go by finally we get notice of not able to do because property does not reflect enough value. It's now OCTOBER! I have other sources for the money but wanted to get a low interest for an equity loan. Now I have to scrabble around to get things done immediately the other way why because they could not have followed up with me within reasonable time!!! I had to do all the following up! Not to mention I'm waiting for the bill. I should sue as they added to my legal fees for holding up proceedings for some work I was going to get done but waited for the loan!I will never consider them for anything else and I will make sure to tell everyone of this horrible experience.
5	This is the best bank in town. The customer service is incredible.
