4	My mom and my son and I went to old town on a Thursday to check out some galleries and listen to some of the buskers! So after our perusing we stopped to get ice cream. Real ice cream! Petersen's is a really cool place and it's brand new! Just opened 11/23 I think. Well they have lots of great flavors like Georgia Peach, NY Black Cherry, Cappuccino, Peppermint with real peppermint, lots of sorbet, lots of chocolate stuff that I didn't want to try, and old favs like cookie dough, butter pecan etc. They also sell pints and also gallons I think! The staff is super cool and well educated about the history of the shop. I think the girl said they originated in Chicago and that the tiles in the ceiling are from the original location! I just thought that was so cool! She also said that they could sub the milk in your lattes and coffe with ice cream to make pepperment lattes and more wild flavors! I thought that was pretty rad. Anyway, if you are in old town I highly recomend you check this place out!
5	Oh happiness, a Chicago treasure just opened on Fifth Avenue in Old Town Scottsdale. Five of us meandered over to it after our happy hour dinner at Fifth and Wine. I tasted five flavors (including Macinak Island Fudge, a treat from my childhood), and finally decided on Caramel Ripple. Yum. Friendly staff and a casual old fashioned ice cream parlor ambience with a tin ceiling and a chandelier had us talking about returning.
5	This is great!! Petersen's is one of those great small businesses that are so much fun to find. The ice cream is delicious and the hot fudge is the best kind, thick and chocolatey. They also have the best pecans to sprinkle on a sundae, salty and sweet.  It's a lovely little shop with a pressed tin ceiling from the original Petersen's in Oak Park, IL, marble topped tables and a very helpful, friendly staff. Terry is so enthusiastic about his product that it is infectious. I am thrilled to see this Chicago transplant.
5	Try getting some ice cream instead of gelato or yogurt in Scottsdale. This was a fantastic find. Open only a couple of weeks we were glad to stumble upon ice cream just like back in Chicago because, well, they're from Chicago!Decent selection of flavors, including Mackinac Fudge, that the entire group enjoyed! Should be a great addition for those looking for real delicious ice cream in Scottsdale area.
4	Stopped by to check out the place and ask if the ice cream flavors were made with corn syrup (yes).  However, the nice man, whose name is Terry, took the time to tell me about their products, and I became very interested in their custom-roasted beans from Miscela d'Oro.  Terry kindly obliged to let me sample a "cortadito," http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/petersens-old-fashion-ice-cream-scottsdale-2?userid=M9rRM6Eo5YbKLKMG5QiIPA#tmGvi9oRu0JNOri3JpKT7w a taste of cortado, a single espresso mixed with (sweetened) milk.  Now, I usually drink my coffee black, preferring to glean calories off of sweet pastries, pancakes, and waffles instead, so I was glad that Terry had not told me that he was going to add the sweet milk-- I most likely would've skipped it!  The cortadito was a beauty to look at and so velvety and luscious, that I savored each and every sip.  After a delightful chat, I continued on to visit a favorite coffee shop nearby and the second of three breakfast stops for sweets.  An hour or two later, I walked back to Petersen's to buy a cup of drip coffee to help me finish off a few more sweet bites.I'm definitely coming back to have a cortado!  (And maybe buy a chocolate-dipped waffle cone to complement.)
5	I promised I'd give them a Yelp review and here it is. Service was absolutely a 10+ on friendliness. The place was clean as could be and so cozy. Coffee shakes were good, but the hot fudge chocolate mint sundae in a cone cannot be beat. Thanks so very much!! The ice cream here is obviously a Chicago-area treat and we Phoenicians are so lucky to have Petersen's amongst us. The ice cream was rich and creamy, heavy on the butterfat and so flavorful. Lots of ice cream to choose from in this life, but Petersen's is my new fave. Run on down to this lovely little spot and grab a scoop, a cup, a cone, a coffee shake or some fresh brewed tea. LOVELY!!! Thanks guys!
5	The moment you walk by their doors you can feel the blast from the past.  The sweet smell of fresh waffle cone got me at the door, what a cute store.  The decor is reminiscent of a 50s fountain soda shop you see in the movies, I am not that old after all.  They had only one young man working that afternoon and he was very pleasant, helpful and pretty speedy.  I couldn't believe the traffic at 3:45 in the afternoon.  I had the Caramel flavor of course and the hubby the capuccino one.  Really yummy.  I can't wait to come back with the twins.
4	Yummy yummy ice cream! So creamy, and not too sweet at all!
5	Petersen's is a welcome addition to the abundance of froyo and gelato options in Old Town. Originally from outside of Chicago, this is some good quality ice cream. My favorite is the Mackinac fudge in one of their huge dipped waffle cones. Yummm. The guys who run it are super friendly. Hi Terry! And make sure to say hi to Petey - the cutest little 3 lb ball of fluff you'll ever meet.
5	The young lady working last night was so sweet. I am so happy to have found this sweet ice cream parlor. I had Superman ice cream which is my favorite ice cream from my childhood back home in Michigan. Haven't been able to find somewhere that sells it until now. I will definitely be returning for more!
4	Just discovered this place today.   In my opinion, it won't  beat Cold Stone for the actual IceCream but the service was friendly, and personable, and the place has that old soda fountain feel, Even if it doesn't have the actual fountains.The Maciknaw Fudge Ice Cream in the fresh waffle cone was exactly what I wanted.
5	OMG this place is sooo cute!!! By far the best coffee I've ever had, ask for a fredo cappuccino. The strawberry ice cream is my fav. The staff is so friendly and welcoming. I'm definitely coming back.
1	Garbage. The ice cream is tasteless, flavorless and it is not made on site. The barrels are delivered and shoved into the freezer ala Baskin robbins (which is way better). The three samples I tried (Mackinaw, peach and Cinnamon) did not have that punch a real ice cream shoppe nowadays would expect. The place will also cost you an arm and a leg for one tiny scoop - almost 4 bucks. You can almost buy a good lunch for that price. The flavor I ordered was cinnamon and like I said it tasted more like vanilla. I was done in 5 spoonfuls. They also don't offer chocolate chips as a topping. This place should have never left Chicago or it should have closed in 2007 when it switched owners. Might fit in though in Old Town, where over priced everything is well appreciated, but only overpay for quality stuff, not this fake ice cream.
5	Best ice cream I've had thus far since moving to Arizona!  The Cappuccino will blow your mind.  I've never wanted ice cream more.  It's a fabulous new addiction that I recommend to everyone.  Make sure to have Terry make you some of his Euro style coffees before you have your ice cream fix!  My sweet tooth loves you!
5	The ice cream is very good and creamy!  I liked my flavors and the frappe I had as well was very good.  I'll be back
5	Creamiest ice cream I've ever had. Great consistency and flavor selection! Amazing quality. Look out Sugar Bowl...
5	This is a very cute little place with delicious ice cream. It is old fashioned, but not as kitschy as Sugar Bowl. I met the owner and the three young people that were working there; they were all friendly and nice to my kids. I usually always go for chocolate or mint chip, but I tried their cinnamon and it was to-die-for. My kids (who both happened to be dressed in Superman capes) had the Superman ice cream. It was a pleasant experience. The only thing I was disappointed with was there was no changing table of any sort in the restroom, which is pretty much a must-have for a family-friendly establishment.
3	Looking for an after-dinner sweet treat and wanting to try something different, my husband and I walked to Petersen's Old Fashion Ice Cream. It was easy to find - I could smell the freshly baked waffle cones as we walked up. When first entering the store, it is narrow and long. Despite that, it seems open due to the large front windows and lighting. Tables are near the entrance and line the right side of the store. The ice cream display is on the left hand side with plenty of display room. There were numerous flavors but only the cappuccino caught my eye (I'm a sucker for coffee flavored ice creams). My husband asked for a sample of the pistachio so I asked for a sample of the cappuccino. It wasn't a strong coffee flavor - very mellow with small crunchy chocolate bits. Not the best coffee flavored ice cream I've had, but still good. I ordered a single scoop of this while my husband ordered a scoop of pistachio in a waffle bowl. We took our treats to go so we could sit outside and enjoy the evening. Overall, it's a cute shop with friendly employees and decent ice cream.
5	I absolutely LOVE this place!  The Ice Cream is sooooooooo good!  I love the Maccina Island Fudge and the coffee ice cream. They are open late and the staff is super friendly.  They also make their own waffle cones---the smell draws you in from the street!  One of my favorite dessert spots in Old Town.
3	Cute place but completely underwhelmed by the ice cream. I tried 4 flavors, including their "award winning" top sellers, but wasn't enticed actually get anything. I didn't get that nice, cold, creamy, ice cream feel after each bite.  Baskin Robbins, Haagen Dazs, and even some ones in your grocery store are much better. I will say their hot chocolate was pretty good. We threw it into the Yelp deal because $10 was more than enough for just 2 servings of ice cream.
5	Had not heard about this little gem till I got a groupon for there. It's in a great location in old town. The place is super cute like an old fashion ice cream parlor. All the flavors  delicious and you can't go wrong with any of them. Will definitely be stopping by here again
5	So good love this place!! Super affordable and the ppl that work there are always really nice.
5	Love this place! The ice cream is perfect and the cute atmosphere adds to the experience. I've only tried a couple of flavors, but they were delicious!
1	We have tried out this ice cream shop a few times - really hoping we would love it. The cozy old fashioned decor is hard to walk past without wanting a taste.The reviews are misleading. Out of 5 different flavors, including cookies n cream and cookie dough, we were left completely dissatisfied both times. The ice cream is more on the icy side than creamy and it is flat out bland. There flavors are basic and there's nothing unique going on with any of them. The topper was the waffle bowl itself. It was soft, soggy and really just embarrassing. I would have rather had a stale one. Go buy ice cream at the grocery store and save your $10 for 3 scoops.
5	Went there last night with the baby and the lady and had a triple scoop waffle cone with the famous fudge Ice cream then strawberry and another scoop of fudge to help with my girlish figure. It was awesome.
1	This shop looks fantastic however they only had a few flavors available. I overlooked this and ordered a sundae and it was literally just ice cream and hot fudge. No toppings...nothing. In what world is a sundae just ice cream? I asked the counter girl and she said they added toppings but all she did was add a few pecans.So I paid $7 for a couple scoops of ice cream and some lukewarm fudge. Skip this and get a frozen marg at dos
4	Geez, why can't Ice Cream be healthy??It's a serious predicament.This stuff is darn tasty.Their Banana Split is unbelievable.I also love their drinks that mix ice cream and coffee.The Service is terrific, too!I wish they had a "Mini" size so you could feel a little less bad about eating so much delicious ice cream.YUM!
5	Wow did we ever luck finding this old fashion ice cream shop. This place is a blast from the past and the ice cream is pure bliss! I had the New York Cherry and it brought back fond memories of my childhood. I hope they keep going for another 50 years.
5	Chicago based ice cream parlor. I love the decor and the marbling of the store. The girl working there was very polite and very patient! I was being very picky trying all these flavors and she did not once, seem frustrated. I ended up choosing the butter pecan and boy, it was delicious and completely hit the spot. Thanks!
5	By far the BEST place for ice cream.  Make sure to stop here.  Amazing ice cream and great service!!!
5	Great place!! AND they have superman ice cream!
5	Best ice cream in Scottsdale! Worth going out of your way for the stop, and with tons of history to read up on displayed you can definitely make a memory or two here. The staff has always been perfectly friendly and pleasant no matter how many samples I asked to try haha!
3	After hearing and reading great reviews we decided to give it a chance. Decor was nice. Kinda like a trip down memory lane. However I don't know if they were remodeling or what? Fridges were empty and bare minimum on the shelves. No homemade root beer for a float. Wasn't too impressed with the ice cream or the selection. People were excited about "superman" ice cream tho. Had a root beer float and it was basic. Nothing to blow me away. Maybe I'll have to give this place another try soon.
1	Freezer burnt, mediocre at best ice cream. Won't be back.
3	This old fashioned ice cream shop is cute...My husband and I took the kids one afternoon last week after picking them up from school and shared a root beer float, and two cups of ice cream.  In the cups, we went for vanilla, superman, and mango sorbet.Prices were moderate, ice cream tasted good, and atmosphere was fine...  nothing too exciting.  The store was empty when we were there, which was nice, but the employee working wasn't the friendliest.Also, there isn't much to choose from other than hard ice-cream.  There is bottled water and coke, but no diet coke or other options.  With so much competition nearby including gelato and fro-yo spots within blocks, I don't know that this place will make it, but I do wish them luck.If you find yourself in the mood for ice cream and you're close by or want to show your kids what an old fashioned ice cream place looks like, this place is fine, but will not blow you away.
