4	Bring on the bombers they are .... Well the bomb!!!!
3	As noted on my last visit, this particular Church's isn't one of my favorites, but I come here because I go right by it on frequent errand runs from my house nearby, here deep, deep in the ghetto.     :-)So I stopped back in here today armed with one of their great coupons for a (Spicy) leg & thigh, mashed potatoes & gravy, and a drop biscuit with margarine.  (I think they have honey too, if you want it.)  Here's how it was this time:                                                                                                                                                       POSITIVES...* Convenient location in the Walmart Center.     :-)*  Big, delicious thigh & leg, cooked just right & served hot.     :-))*  Amazing value at $1.99 for everything!     :-))                                                                                                                                                       A FEW NEGATIVES...*  Air blower only to dry hands; no paper towels.  Must use TP to open the door.     :-|*  Good music, but playing too loudly.     :-O*  I like my women long & skinny, but not my dining rooms, such as this one.     :-)
1	Came in here and it was pretty busy. Two customers in front of me were upset at the service. I understand why. These ladies were on their phone, making fun of their customer's with complaints in clear sight- i had ordered two spicy chicken and they gave me plain. I came up to tell them and they were on their cellphones. LOL management where art thou? Unprofessionalism to it's finest, talking ish in spanish.
2	So slow... In the 15 minutes I waited in line at the drive through I should have just made dinner.
4	Make way for the best fried chicken I have ever eaten. Sorry Bojangles, KFC, and mom. Church's is a fast food chain, so there's very little to be said on that front. This particular location is in a food court, so it is even more lacking in a "location". That being said, the newly renovated food court is excellent and I love every bit of the design, so no harm there. The chicken here ROCKS. The underlying chicken itself is tender and surprisingly juicy - which I like a lot, as other places tend to dry it out - and the breading is absolutely perfect in every way. The breading is outstandingly crunchy and flavorful without being overwhelming or detracting from the juicy chicken. While the usual issues with fried chicken are still present with Church's (too little meat and breading on the bone, a bit pricey, etc)All in all, a great meal!
