4	Being the first time in my life ever to go to a club like this I was actually pleasantly surprised.In fact if you're not paying much attention like I was you wouldn't even notice and think it were just any other lounge.I came here with a few others who've been to clubs like this before and tell me this one is definitely one of the nicer classier joints.  I wouldn't know the difference.  The server was incredibly nice here and was even discouraging us from ordering some of the pricier "bad value" drinks.The ladies are certainly beautiful here and I have to attribute the atmosphere and all the employees here from doormen to servers to entertainers for giving me a new perspective on the whole exotic dancer thing.The prices for everything here are astoundingly cheap from what I hear.
1	This is the honestly the worst stripclub I have ever attended. I am from New York City and have been to my share of stripclubs in Vegas and NYC. This club has ONE tiny stage and a bunch of fake leater sofas some of which actually had tears in them. The vodka/club soda was ridiculously watered down both times my friend ordered it and they were over $10 each. We saw 4 girls dance on stage and I dont think I saw one actual dance move. I saw two guys getting lapdances and I dont think I saw one grind move the whole time, it was boring and pathetic.I will put a disclaimer saying that this was on a Tuesday night so I am sure this wasnt the best they can do but it was a horrible impression.
3	$10 is insanely cheap for a lap dance. They let me sleep at the table without bothering me.I think my friends bought me a lap dance but i can't remember since i was sleeping.
4	5$ cover charge and 10$ dances. Considering low entry fees, def. in the top 3 in Montreal. Classy atmosphere with friendly staff. Girls are more educated and open to casual discussion. It is no contact but in my opinion, that's what makes it a classier gentleman's club.
1	This is place without contact. Why even to go to place without contact in Montreal? Unless you don't have money for contact dance & you will look at undressing girls ordered by the other client.
1	If you wanna hang out in a club surrounded by jabronis, listening to a mix of Nickelback and Steve Aoki, and staring at mediocre strippers on painkillers, this is your spot.
