1	I used there service once and gave explicit instructions to the pet sitter. After returning from England 5 of my show chickens were found dead in my pool. The sitter informed me she chased my birds trying to catch them! She was instructed not to ever approach the birds before I left for my trip. You cannot depend on any of these services as you really do not know what goes on once you're gone. It's very risky and not recommended.
5	I used Queen City Petsitting several times to watch my dog and never had any problems. The sitters are very friendly and professional and went out of their way to work with my crazy schedule to get oriented to my apartment and dog. My home was always cleaner than when I left it and my dog was always happy when I got home. I would highly recommend them to any of my friends (and already have!). Stacy and the QCP crew are great.
2	I was really excited about using this service and went ahead and scheduled, completed the consult (sitter was good) and even pre-paid as they instructed.  However, I had to cancel (one week prior to the event).  The sitter was good at responding but I've written two emails to the owner and no response.  They were good to send me the invoice but can't get them to respond when I need a refund. Disappointing.
1	I would never use these people ever again when visiting the charlotte area. They are rude and their communication levels are unprofessional. Tried to pay them several times by calling bc their website payment plan wouldn't hold up. They never returned my phone calls till months later after I had terminated their services when they noticed the debt. Not very responsible and also made very difficult to keep up my end of the contract. I also found them to be way over priced and not compensating their employees appropriately for all the hard work that they do. If I were you I would find better business people.
1	We don't often have need to use petsitters - generally our built-in help (that is, the kids) will take care of it for us when we're headed out of town for a day or two. If we leave for longer, then the in-laws will often handle the task, just as we do for them when they leave.But there are times when you need someone else to do the task, and so we continue our search for the perfect petsitter. Unfortunately, we are still looking, because on one of these trips, we went to the mountains of Tennessee - not known for stellar cellular coverage. Only as we arrived, at about ten pm, for a weekend away, did we get a call to say that the sitter was unable to get our four-pound terror out of the closet, and would not only not be letting him out for the night, but would not be returning the rest of the weekend.Luckily, we were able to get a hold of one of our kids, who was on a sleepover at a friends, and have him (and the friend) come over and take care of the dog. It meant a slightly less than easy weekend, waiting to see what two teenagers had in store for us when we came home - but at least the dog was there to watch them.In the meantime, QCP may not be the best choice if you absolutely, positively have to have your pets taken care of while you're out of town.
1	Horrible service! Owner never pays her sitters on  time. She also hasn't ever met her pet sitters that she has hired.
5	Queen City Petsitting has been a life saver! I have used Queen City Petsitting for years. Additionally, I recently started using Queen City for daily lunch time walks since May 14, 2014. I have also used Queen City on numerous weekend when we've been out of town. Our petsitter Heather gives our two dogs the royal treatment. This is saying a lot considering our dogs are challenging and are not comfortable with most people. Our dogs can be timid but also aggressive. I love them but they are both very challenging. Before I called Queen City I was concerned I wouldn't be able to find anyone my dogs were comfortable with or even worse, that I wouldn't find anyone willing to take on the job. Heather leaves me detailed notes everyday. Heather also sends me text messages of her and my dogs. It is clear from the pictures as well as from the way I've seen them interact with her that they love her. Additionally, two weeks ago when one of my dogs wasn't eating when we were out of town Heather brought over wet food from her house after checking with me. Heather also brought over her radio and played it for the dogs on two weekends we were gone to out them at ease. Further, Heather consistently spends more time with the dogs than what I am paying for. I know this because I can see the time stamps from my home security system. Heather is very professional and genuinely cares for my dogs. Additionally, Queen City and Heather have been able to accommodate special requests and changing instructions. For example, on days when our cleaning lady is coming she'll crate the dogs before she leaves. My husband and I work a lot and our dogs are our children so it means a lot to is that we know they're in good hands and still getting the attention they deserve. I'm also very particular about my home and Queen City has been accommodating with that as well. Also, Heather brings in packages for us and even gives me a heads up if something looks out of place, for example a bedroom door that is normally shut being found open with the light on. Heather even supervises my dogs while they eat to make sure they don't get into arguments AND she cleans their bowls. This is a great company for people like me who adore their dogs and expect a lot from a dog sitter or dog walker.
5	This pet sitter is great!! We use them every workday and times we go out of town. Literally the beat in town. Not only do they walk the dogs, but spends time and plays and gives love to the dogs. Recommend to all in Charlotte!!
4	I don't trust just anyone with my senior "babies," but i've been pleased with the service that Queen City has provided. They understand that my babies need a short walk followed by some serious couch time.  When momma comes home and there's no one waiting for me at the door (and nothing destroyed), I know that they've gotten their lovin'.  Happy dachshunds = Happy momma.  Thank you, Queen City!
