4	Always a great rotation of drafts.  First I've seen this season with Pumking!  Owner asks what we like and delivers.
1	for starters the place is the same as before ,it's still to bright, food fare,beer selection fare,bad decorsame place different signwe felt the food was the same as eating at Eat-n-Parkfish was over cooked, & just a plain ,bland chicken salad but the tomatoes were freshIn this  case a change in the name didn't change restaurant
3	I'm fairly new to Aspinwall and have enjoyed trying all of the different places around here.  Tavern in the Wall is the type of business that Aspinwall needs -- casual bar/restaurant where you can grab a brew and a bite, watch your Steelers/Pens/Pirates/whoever games, and generally just have a good time. I enjoy Tavern in the Wall as a bar.  They have some great drink specials, friendly staff, and free live entertainment on many weekends.  The owner also seems like a nice guy.  As a restaurant, however, it's sorely lacking.  The food, I hate to say, definitely resonates as your typical blah, not-horrible-but-not-great bar food.  That would be completely fine with me if Tavern in the Wall acted like a bar serving bar food.  But their food is priced like they believe they are a legit dining destination -- seriously, $10 for a fried zucchini appetizer? For reference, the high-end Joseph Tambellini restaurant across the bridge in Highland Park charges $9 for fried zucchini. $17 for pasta with sauce? Again, just to put that in perspective, Girasole in Shadyside charges $13. Based on the "bar quality" of The Tavern's food, their prices definitely need to come down to Earth and be more in line with the type of food they serve....either that, or they need to up their game quality-wise and change their bar vibe to more of a nice restaurant vibe to justify the price.  So, in sum, if you're looking for a good local watering hole where you can catch a drink, definitely give Tavern in the Wall a try...but if all you're in the market for is a great dinner, I'd look elsewhere.
3	I don't necessarily think of Tavern in the Wall as a restaurant, but a bar that serves food. With that being said, the prices are extremely overpriced for a bar, especially when the serving sizes are rather small. The only thing that keeps me going back is the buffalo chicken dip. It's the best I've ever had!
4	Good little place to grab a quick bite to eatAnd support local business.  If you haven't tried their quesadilla your missing out as it's yummy!
3	I really want to like it here but I've now been here twice and it just hasn't been a great experience either time.   Both times it's been service and atmosphere that's been my issue, not food.  I've sat at the bar both times, and I've felt like getting waited on was an inconvenience (i.e. interrupting the bartenders' conversations with regulars).   We've gone here to watch sporting events, have ordered steady drinks and ordered food...I promise we tip well.  Despite being at an rather empty bar, it's like I'm begging for them to take my order, refill our drinks or just plain take my money.   Call me crazy but make newbies feel welcome, so they become the regulars that you spend all your time on or else we'll go elsewhere.  Despite all that, they have a good selection of beer and the food is good for bar food.
