5	Here are some hard working guys turning your dirty car into a clean machine.  They provide a true hand car wash and vacuum for $20, with tire coating.  No assembly line here.  They wash your car with towels and soap.  This is the best wash I've found in town.  It's a little hard to find, behind Island Sushi, and next to Oasis Car Wash.
5	Ryan Robinson runs a very effective, affordable service.  His crew are personable and he himself is quite an engaging ambassador.  We're up from Texas for the summer; en route, we sustained some rear quarter panel damage that had to be repaired.  The work was excellent, but there was typical overspray on the car afterward.  Ryan knocked our 2006 350Z out in about 1.5 hours, turning it back over to us in pristine shape.  All the overspray was gone, and the car sparkled inside and out.  The car had been maybe that pretty when we picked it up, new from the dealer.
4	I had very bad water spots on my dark blue BMW that had set in so deep that home attempts at claying, buffing, compounding, using vinegar did nothing. Brian spent about 2.5 hrs and the spots were gone. I paid a good penny but it was worth it. The paint looks great. The interior job was decent probably because the focus was on getting rid of the water spots. He stayed late to get the job done on the same day that I called. Very satisfied.
1	Bought a living social deal for $39 ( was supposed to be a $99 value). Tried to make an appointment and it was a 3 week wait. Had I not had the living social deal, I could have gotten in right away. That is a terrible way to run a business and promote a special. After I finally got my appointment, they  charged me an extra $20 AND did a horrible job! Will NEVER go here again or refer them! Wish I could leave 0 stars!
1	Maybe I just had a bad experience but first impressions are everything...I decided to go here because it was literally across the street from where I lived. So I go there one day and I get my car washed. The guy who washes my car is doing a sub-par job, not even putting any "elbow grease" into the scrub. Then to top it all off, he's holding a cigarette in the other hand. Needless to say, I won't be coming back here anymore!
5	Had my 92 black mercedes detailed and polished. They did a great job. Definately recomended!   I brought my wifes hyundai in and the guy polished the headlights, they look brand new!
5	Usually when I take my little bet up 2006 Kia to places, they treat it like I should be washing my own car and do a crappy job but not this place! Brian was professional, courteous, and hands down did the best job on my little car that I have ever had. Great job Brian....keep up the great work and awesome prices! I will recommend you to everyone!
1	$59 for a car wash that was no better than Terrible's?....yea I'd say I'd go there before coming back to this place.  As for not being able to afford better? Whatever, not the case. Just because someone is looking for a deal doesn't mean they can't afford more. Wow!!!  I think expecting at least what you pay for is not unreasonable, let along being mislead into thinking you are getting a "living social deal".  If you don't want clientele who expect a bargain, don't offer the coupon and mislead people. And more so than the "deal" we didn't get, was the unprofessional way they run their busness. You can tell by his comments that he is arrogant and defensive. We had planned on giving gift certifcates to this plae to our employess as an end of the year bonus and we are so glad we checked it out ourselves first before we did so. We are in the service industry as well, and this isn't how you run your business nor respond to people with legitimate gripes.
