5	Butt Out Mill is everything I love about Butt Out Phoenix but better.The store is big, open and inviting with plenty of room to sit down. It has very interesting locally made art on the walls. The staff as always are friendly and knowledgeable and their prices can't be beat.  Even when it's busy (which is often) it doesn't feel crowded and packed so you can still feel relaxed even with a large crowd.I'd highly recommend visiting if you're in the area.
5	I was going to Mill and heard about Butt Out opening a new store so I decided to check it out. An open space to lounge and nice artwork all about the shop, I found the place to be very inviting. I sat down and talked with the staff for a while about juice, mods, rebuilding, coils, etc. They seemed to know what they were talking about and were very friendly and ready to offer suggestions and help on the spot. They have a massive selection of juice. While I was assured that it was okay to try all of them in one sitting I just cant imagine having enough time. I liked everything I tasted between their house juices and Indigo that they carry.I felt at home. I didnt' feel like I was intruding or taking up space. To me the place was very inviting. I really enjoyed my experience at Butt Out Mill and  I think that anyone with an open mind would enjoy their rendezvous as well. I very highly recommend this establishment.
5	Love this place, and the new location is better than the old one. Knowledgeable, friendly staff, good prices for quality products, chill vibe - could not ask for a better place to vape :)
5	I have been to every vape shop in Phoenix and the surrounding areas. Every time one opens I go and check it out. No one can compare to Butt Out's pricing and the quality of their liquids are absolutely unbeatable. They also make all their own liquid. For you non nicotine people who just want the hooka like experience they also offer nicotine free liquids in all flavors. The atmosphere is very relaxed. Your encouraged to hang out unlike other vape shops (names withheld to protect the douchey). They also have an ample selection of mods and tanks. The staff is very knowledgeable and down to earth. Weather you have been vaping for a while or have never vaped before and just want to see what its like, these are the people to go to. They are located right next to Rula Bula in the old cactus sports shop.
5	This place is amazing! I've been accused of being a fanboy for Butt Out but Matt has always gone out of his way to earn every bit of appreciation and Mill is no different! The style, vibe,  and character of this shop are top notch and I have been in hundreds of shops across the nation. Not only is the customer service the best but so is the juice. 2 enthusiastic thumbs up for another spectacular iteration of Butt Out.
5	I absolutely love this place.Matt is one of the owners, and he has been helpful in every way possible. My friend who has a very nice high-end e-cig went there to buy an even better one, and they were able to set me up with a starter kit for around $40. Everyone was super helpful both to me the beginner and to my more experienced friend.  Every time you buy juice there you get points towards a free bottle. Also, they have so many flavors that we sat for about an hour trying them all and talking with the employees. Almost all of the flavors are great so it was hard to pick one. (I suggest Lucy in the Sky as a good fruit flavor)The store's set up is very comfortable and open. You can browse the e-cigs at the back while people are trying out the flavors at the counter, or sit on one of the comfy couches they have. I have never been to a store that felt so relaxed but professional at the same time.  When I went back a couple days ago the store was packed, and I showed a newcomer who had been smoking cigarettes for 40 years how to set up and try some of the flavors. It almost felt like a cafe but with less people texting and more talking laughing and enjoying their time. I am going to miss coming here and hope they do really well.
5	This place absolutely rocks ! I actually found out about this place when I met the owner and juice mixologist out at a local bar on mill. One of them actually left the bar to run to his shop and hooked me up with a free bottle and a t3s tank ! These guys know what it means to go above and beyond, partner that together with a superb product and a wealth of knowledge and you get the world class E cig shop BUTT OUT! PUFFIN TOUGH !
5	Awesome shop! Matt Berger is a great owner. They have a great selection of juices. Overall I'm very impressed by everything
5	Best Vape shop in the Valley!!I started vaping back in February 2013 and haven't touched a cigaret since! I can't say that would have happened without Butt out!BEST liquid and best customer service! What more can you ask for?!Pros: location, amazing liquid, a variety of flavors, you can EASILY try ALL the flavors you'd like!, amazing/knowledgable staff, a fun place to hang out!Cons: Can't really think of any
5	This is the best vape shop I've been to. Everyone has been friendly and helpful - they really go out of their way to make the customer happy. They were out of the nic level I vape and hooked me up with the larger bottle free of charge. The local art is fresh.I'd like to add that I've noticed an extreme amount of patience with non-english speaking customers on several occasions (china smoking ban?). They will take care of you.Try the banana nut bread.
5	Great service (Mill St location)! Loved the knowledge of the staff (I think his name was Caleb...) loved that I could sample flavors, though they are not always the same with the added nicotine.  I would highly recommend this company, I also recently placed a re-order online, though as I stated, some of the flavors I originally liked I would not reorder because the flavor change was not as good. I liked 'Da Brock' and 'Bad Mother Pucker' the most.
5	Butt Out is the best ecig shop I have been to. Butt Out isn't just about their product, it's about the atmosphere and community. Staff is extremely helpful and supportive. After smoking cigs for over 5 years, I have finally quit completely with the help of Butt Out. All their liquids are made with natural ingredients that are already found in food you eat each day.  Additionally, they have a great rewards system that gives you perks for both referrals and product purchases.
5	What can I say.  Great customer service.   Tasty  juice.  Great atmosphere!   Great place to hang out.  Will frequent.
4	Good selection of custom flavors. Paul Escobar is the best flavor in my opinion. Downsides are that parking costs money, on top of already higher prices. I'll go back because their flavors are worth it, but they could stand to come down a bit. Very friendly staff, nice taste test area.
5	Caleb is the best!  I work at the salon up the street, and this place is always nice to walk into.  My boyfriend has been coming here, and the customer service is top notch.  He was a hardcore tobacco chewer for 15 years and hasn't bought ANY since he started vaping.  The knowledge here is top notch.  Very welcoming to beginners.  I recommend everybody here for starter sets or flavors.
5	This place has a great little ambient environment. The staff is super nice and friendly, and their not shy to answer any and all of your questions regarding any of the products or how anything works. They have a great juice bar and don't mind if you sit there and try everything. The customer service is great, they carry good products and are really knowledgeable on everything which is a change of pace from many of these other vape stores. Pricing is also good compared to many others.
5	Great vape shop! Im new to vaping the guy was really helpful and nice! Loved the atmosphere and customer service i will definitely recommended going there and plus  wonder wheels flavor is bomb!
5	Love my home girl Caleb who is always hooking me up!! Love the guys at butt out. I don't go anywhere else, well Phoenix is my spot but will travel to come see Caleb!
5	I started with Butt-Out on 7st and Virginia. I recently moved to Tempe and went there for a new battery. They were extremely helpful and didn't try to sell me stuff I don't need. Keep up the good work guys. FIVE STARS! .
5	The #1 shop in the valley!  Great juice, great hardware and over the top customer service and satisfaction!  Most shops in the valley are all carbon copies of each other. THIS SHOP IS LIKE NO OTHER!!  Your greeted as soon as you walk in, and within a minute you feel like your part of a family.  Whether your a vape hobbyist, or a smoker trying to better your life, your treated the same. BUTT OUT is even fun to go to if your not a vaper.  If your in the market of getting taken advantage of,  keep shopping else's where,  if you want value and an 90 days guarantee Butt Out is the only place for you!
5	I set out on my most excellent adventure in the pouring rain and flooding to check out this spot in Tempe for the first time. From the name of it I thought I was going to an S&M or Swingers club but was totally disappointed to see that it was a vape shop. Good thing I needed a new atty for my mod. I did not get whips and chains but I did get a nice new Plume Veil. When I first entered I was greeted by Caleb who was super friendly and welcoming. Eli hooked it up with an amazing build on my Plume (literally a coil master) and Matt was super friendly as well. The layout of the shop is nice and roomy with plenty of places to sit and even a whole shelf of board games! This is my new go to shop for sure.
5	Let me start off by saying that the crew here is awesome. They are a group of knowledgable, awesome guys who know their stuff. I came in to get some cotton replaced on my mod and ended up chilling there for quite some time. I tried out some flavors, asked questions that I had on my mind, and had some conversations with everyone there. They always work hard to make sure that you're happy and won't stop until that happens. The only con I would say is that some of their juice is slightly overpriced. However, that would even be debatable because it is incredibly good quality juice so I suppose you get what you pay for. Kaleb (Caleb?) helped me out the entire time and I was more than happy with the service. Butt Out will definitely be my go-to vape shop as long as I live in Tempe. I highly recommend it for anyone who wants to quit smoking, or anyone who already vapes. Two thumbs up.
5	I concur. These guys are great. And I'm old.
5	I've been going to Butt Out for over a year and a half. Their customer service has ALWAYS been stellar, product is high quality, and environment is for anyone and everyone. I've sent my family and friends there and they have all said the same, Butt Out is excellent!!
5	The best people I've ever met. I've been in this store multiple times, each of which have ended in my maximum satisfaction. Butt out has gone above and beyond in ensuring that i leave with all the answers to any and all questions that I may pose. Thank you so much.
5	I cannot oversell this place enough! Went in on Halloween after seeing somone in a "Butt Out" shirt, and wasnt sure what expect since ive been to so many mediocre vape shops/smoke shops that carry vape products. This store was far above par. I was greeted as soon as I walked in, by Caleb and Garland. Garland walked me through some of the many juices they had, while Caleb rebuilt my mod (Which is free btw!) Both the employees, (as well as customers) where talkative, friendly, and helpful. Appart from "Butt Out" apperel they have a large selection of mods (Clones, authentics, mechanical, variable voltage/wattage etc.) and juices. They even have their own line of house juices that put other throat-burning blends to shame. There is no reason to not love this place, 10/10, a must see.
1	No free parking,  employees use very bad language in front of children.  Owner is very arrogant and argumentative.  Prices are very high.  Bought a tank today for 35.00 dollars,  butt out tank was ten dollars more.  So you do pay for those little free things you get every now and then.  Must have to price everything real high to be on Mill!!  Lol!!!!!It is amazing of how many perfect reviews there are.. ????  I haven't seen a business that perfect ever.  Wow!!!!!!  I wonder if some how they have bad reviews removed????  Don't know how all of it works.  I have a lot of friends that don't go to butt out any more.  For several different reasons.  They should put there thoughts on here as well.I will say the liquids aren't bad!!!!!  But again for the price!!
5	Butt out rocks!  Awesome customer service.  Best juice around.  You get what you pay for.  You want the best you pay for it. Or you can get cheap juice that tastes like swill.  I have been vaping for 1 year.  Caleb, Matt and Eli are knowledgeable and treat people with respect.  If you are interested in vaping they will help. The others that complain about parking,  well it's not butt outs fault.  Take the light rail. Rock on butt out!
