5	Standing tall above the city, the Walter Scott Monument is one of the main touristy things to do on Princes Street. Although it looks dirty, the architecture is breath-taking. The dark stuff on it is oil - if you're interested (I learnt that from a bus tour!).To save you about 10 minutes circling the building, the door is round the back of the monument. You're welcome.When you're in you have to climb quite a big set of stairs to get to the top.  If you're claustrophobic then maybe it's not for you, because the stairs are windy and narrow. When you get to the top though it's well worth the trip. Some of the best views of the city are found up here.Definitely worth a visit.
5	Only 3 pounds for exercise and some of the most breathtaking views of Edinburgh? Yes please! This is an amazingly beautiful piece of architecture and it is the largest monument dedicated to a writer. There are four observation decks, each one a taste of the view to come. The first level has a small museum? shrine? That is enclosed by gorgeous stained glass windows and wood carvings. There is also encased information about the man himself, Sir Walter Scott and  about the monument.Don't be a cry baby, it's only 287 steps to the top!
5	The Sir Walter Scott Monument is by far my favourite visitor attraction in Edinburgh. I first climbed the stairs a few years ago. It boasts the best view of Edinburgh and they weren't joking. 360 degrees, panoramic view of all the postcard sites that will be familiar when you talk of Edinburgh.3 quid admission is an absolute bargain. The stone masonry alone is beautiful and finished to a seriously high standard. A timeless structure in an ever changing city.My favourite part of the monument is the graffiti etched in the stone on the viewing platform. While I am certainly not condoning such an action nor have I donned my house key to scratch my undying love for the girlfriend on the weather-beaten stone, many have, and I could spend hours reading all the testimonies and displays of affection. Simply beautiful
5	This is an awesome monument! A beautiful structure with four decks so you can enjoy the view while you take a break between all the stairs you have to climb. The first deck has an area that is enclosed with wood carvings and stained glass windows and information about Sir Walter Scott. The top of the monument has an incredible view of Edinburgh and well worth all the steps you climb to get there. Also, the staircases are very narrow and can be a bit difficult when people are going up the stairs while people are going down. The very top staircase is the most narrow, so much that I don't see how anyone could get past another person. So when climbing up and down try to give a warning for the people on the next floor, that way you don't get jammed.
4	I don't think I sufficiently appreciate what Sir Walter means to the Scots.  But this is a cool monument.  It looks like the hollowed out spire of a Gothic Cathedral -- if you forgot the Cathedral.The monument is 20 stories tall. Climbing the twisty, narrow spiral staircase to the top is very very cool. And it was completed in 1846 -- long before the Washington monument.   (Not sure the insurance company would let tourists scamper up to the top if the monument were in the U.S. It's not for those who suffer from claustrophobia or those with cardiac problems.)The view from the top is spectacular.  The guards at the bottom are quite chatty and are delighted to tell you about Walter or anything else for that matter.I don't think I would have climbed the 287 steps if my son hadn't wanted to.  Thanks, Jake.  I enjoyed it.
5	Went there 20 years ago.  Only cost 1 pound back then.  It was awesome.  Make sure you find all the different stairs up to the top.  Good for kids over age 9.
3	The Scott Monument provides some of the prettiest views of Edinburgh and it's a unique piece of architecture that's attractive from the ground as well.  A full 287 steps to the top, the upper staircases are quite narrow so folks who dislike enclosed or steep spaces- and larger people as well- should steer clear of anything beyond the first observation deck.The full ascent, some time for photo taking, a look around the on-site history room, and descent can be achieved in an hour or so.
5	Simply gorgeous.  A small warning though.  The staircases are quite narrow, so be careful.
