5	I've used the DeLorme Studios for several occasions; engagement, wedding, and just for fun photo shoots. Jeph DeLorme is very professional and his work is truly genius... Our wedding photos are absolutely AMAZING and I could not have been more satisfied with DeLorme Studios! I will continue to use them for all important events. I'm so grateful we will always have beautiful and wonderful memories to share forever!  Thank you Jeph for the most amazing experience and beautiful pictures!
1	Don't waste your time or money. Jeph is unprofessional and takes mediocre pictures. After hours of retouching, the photos can be great. We did our shoot in studio per his recommendation so that lighting would be perfect. The lighting was awful with shadows at distracting areas such as the crotch. He promised us "teasers" later that night or at the latest within 24 hours. After emailing him about them, he sent them 2 days after the shoot. I emailed him a week later inquiring about the time frame to expect the online gallery, he did not respond until I emailed him a second time a week after that.  He tells me he has been busy and his computer that handles email died. The online gallery is available to us after another 3 days and while looking at those, we found so many amateur mistakes such as the lighting, clutter that made the background (storage chest, rope, and stand with green clip to hold up his backdrop sheet that left wrinkles on our pictures. He advertised over 8 backdrops and all of pictures with a backdrop are of a white sheet. He tells us that "Dr. Jeph" will make you look perfect and after telling me to wear one of his shoes with a broken buckle, he states he can photoshop the buckle in but fails to photoshop the shoe size sticker showing in many of the pictures. I emailed him that same day asking for the voucher code for my package deal credit of $60 to purchase prints and when I can expect the CD that I paid for.  I never heard from him. I email him again 9 days later telling him that I have lost my patience and would rather have a refund. I tell him everything that I stated above. He emails me right away saying that he never got the email yet I have record of it being sent to both of us. He creates a code for me to purchase my prints right away and after another 3 days, he makes adjustments to a handful of prints that I specifically detailed issues with. He only corrected the example photos that I emailed him instead of fixing all of the background issues, or all of the shoe stickers. After not receiving the CD that he said he placed in the mail a week earlier, I emailed him again expressing my dissatisfaction with the photos, he recommended that I look at the untouched photos when I receive the CD as he believes that I would be less critical when seeing the photos that he started with. So today I received the CD and I write this review after looking at the untouched photos to be fair. The photos were close to what he posted in the online gallery. He took close to 180 photos. Most of them are the same. Half of them are blurry or have eyes closed. Lighting was atrocious in an overwhelming number of photos. So if he is implying that the photos are crappy before he retouched them, well that only supports my review in stating that he takes mediocre photos.
5	Jeph Delorme is the most professional and talented photographer that I have ever worked with and his studio is absolutely state of the art! I went to the studio for the first time for a "Ladies Night at the Studio" photo shoot with some friends. I was blown away by how beautiful the studio was when I first walked in! Jeph made us all feel so comfortable right away and we had a blast during the shoot! I walked away that night elated, and with some amazing pictures of myself in the most beautiful red dress. I ended up purchasing another shoot that evening for a later time, because I loved the shots he took and I couldn't resist such a great price for such beautiful work. I returned to the studio in December to use the package I had purchased and because I wanted to have some photos taken as a Christmas gift for my husband. I also wanted to have some fitness photos taken as I am training for a marathon. I was so impressed with Jeph's attention to detail. I loved how every few minutes after taking some shots, he would come over and show the pictures to me so that I could get a feel for how they looked. The lighting in the studio was perfect, and he adjusted perfectly for each outfit/background change. The next day, Jeph emailed me some of the retouched photos from the shoot. The photos far exceeded my expectations! I had never felt so beautiful in my whole life and my husband absolutely loved the pictures I got for him. I saw myself in a whole new light and the pictures really boosted my self confidence. I couldn't wait to show the pictures to not only my husband, but my friends and family too! I would recommend this studio to my closest friends and family because Jeph has a way of capturing images of you that make you look your absolute best. He goes above and beyond for every person that comes into his studio and truly cares not only about how the pictures turn out, but about the whole experience from beginning to end. He is truly an artist and I feel so lucky to have been able to work with him.
5	I was introduced to DeLorme Studios by a friend on a "Ladies Night package". I was a bit uneasy at first. I thought I would just go to show some support. All I can say is WOW.. He has some amazing talent and skill. He is very professional. All us girls had a wonderful time. I purchased some additional photo shoots for the holidays and went back with my children. They had so much fun with the props and I also had a blast with them. I would recommend him to any of my friends and family. I look forward to going back and having some more pictures and making lots of more fun and lasting memories.
5	I just did a shoot here yesterday with my friend. Jeph was the best! He creates a fun, comfortable atmosphere that makes for some fabulous photos. He's fun, creative and knows how to get great results. My friend and I had a blast! We can't wait to see the final product. What I truly appreciated is that he shows you the pictures as you go so you can get an idea of his vision. I would use his services again. I actually can't wait to. Thanks for everything Jeph!
2	Takes too long to get photos--I had to follow-up when after a month, then I paid to have them shipped to me, and it took another month--and I had to followup again.  The photographer might be great but the service is not.  And no reason given--laxidaisical.  There is also an upsell-this is how they bring in business.  Which is the point of these deals.  No tlouching up of photos, no filtered shots.  It's all good if you are young and good looking but for professional shots of other people, not.  I would not do it again--I've had many positive experiences and my photos were not usable for a headshot--the only reasons I went, and the after-service was very undesirable.
5	I did a shoot with Jeph yesterday after finding his studio through a Living Social deal and it was SO much fun! My pictures are a gift for my boyfriend and I was really nervous, but Jeph made me feel so relaxed and comfortable and he was very respectful. I just got my "teasers" today and ended up showing my boyfriend because I couldn't wait... and he didn't even realize it was me at first!!! ;) He was literally speechless and loved them!! Jeph does fantastic work and Jeanette did an amazing job with my hair and makeup. Thank you SO much for everything Jeph... :)
5	DeLorme Studios is a MUST EXPERIENCE!  I've always wanted to do a Boudior photo shoot, and, finally, at age 52, I did at DeLorme Studios.  The entire staff was professional and amazing. Jeph DeLorme has the utmost professionalism with warmth and humor that allows you to relax and have fun! He made me feel so comfortable. I recommend this experience for ALL WOMEN!, Yes, especially women because we're often so readily negative in regard to our appearance. Jeph, his staff and the entire experience was thrilling, educational and FUN! The studio is wonderful and the photos were AWESOME! I will definitely use Jeph again for all professional photography shoots!
5	I decided to do a boudoir shoot for my boyfriend's anniversary present this year and it just so happened that DeLorme Studios had a LivingSocial deal that was too good to pass up. I was a little nervous about the shoot considering that I'm not the model type but Jeph did an excellent job at putting me at ease. If you are considering doing a boudoir shoot, remember this - wear what makes you comfortable and feel sexy. If you're not comfortable posing fully nude, then don't! Like most women, I have certain things about me that I don't like but there are other things that I do like. Go with what makes you comfortable and the rest will all fall into place. Jeph is a true professional and is very good at what he does. I never once felt uncomfortable the entire 90 minutes that I was there and I would highly recommend DeLorme Studios to anyone who wants to work with a professional photographer. It also helped that I brought along my "immoral support" as Jeph calls it. My photos turned out amazing and my boyfriend reacted the way I hoped he would - jaw dropping to the floor like he had died and gone to heaven! Thank you so much Jeph and Amanda for all of your help and hard work! I really appreciate it :)
5	I could not be happier with delorme studios! From the day I called to set up my appointment from the time I left the studio after my shoot, the experience was amazing! Jeph is an artist and amazing at what he does! I have never felt more beautiful or sexy than I did for the 90 minutes I was there. He is extremely professional and encouraging! Any nerves i had before the shoot quickly dissapated as soon as the camera started snapping! My teaser images left my boyfriend and I in shock! I looked like a playboy model! I couldn't think of going anywhere else for any photos I may have in the future! After one time I am a customer for life!  I highly highly recommend this place!
5	Jeph is amazing!  I had never done anything like this before, but I felt safe, comfortable,  and glamorous in the studio!  Jeph is kind, encouraging and a true artist!  The staff is professional and very organized in letting you know exactly what to expect before the shoot. I can't wait to do it again and bring my friends!  The pictures are fabulous and you will want to do it again.  I can't stop staring and sharing these photos with everyone!  Definitely a great gift for your significant other and even for yourself!  So glad I did it and will definitely use DeLorme Studios for my future photography needs!
1	I agree with the other ladies who were not satisfied.  Jeph charges you a cheap fee on Groupon and then tries to upsell to a much higher package- which I did, and regret.  The five photos he sent after a week were good and the rest I paid for (good for only one year) were the same thing but in different poses.  He took so many photos, but you really don't get them all, even if you pay for them.  He took forever to send me my photos.  He said he'd photoshop me in front of a scene, if I sent him one.  He never used the scenes I sent him, which were of a favorite place of my boyfriend.   This was upsetting since they were for his birthday.   I emailed him about this and he never contacted me.   Then when I went to get my included large metallic print that came with the deal, the code didn't even work.  I contacted Jeph again and he took over a week to get back to me.  Meanwhile, birthday went by and so I had to give them to him on another holiday.  Yes, backgrounds on photos are not that great.  Don't waste your money.
5	Jeph is a magician & Amanda is incredible! Such a great team. This studio is so awesome, that I've been back THREE times in one week, once I saw how amazing Jeph made me look, my mind was flooded with new ideas. Amanda makes you feel super comfortable and explains everything quite well, so you exactly what to expect. Thank you both so much!!!!
5	Jeph and Amanda are truly an amazing team. I agree with the girls that posted great reviews, as that is exactly what I have experienced! Professional, fun and Jeph is a true artist!If you are looking for just a vanilla photography - this isn't it! Keep looking. There are so many out there producing average results....but I wasn't looking for average! I wanted creative and artsy...I had a very unpleasant experience with another photographer before I came to DeLorme Studios and I shared it with them, as I was very nervous doing another shoot.He met with me for a short consult, showed me his work and I was very excited about scheduling my session. I knew he gets me and he gets what I am trying to create and the way I want to use the pictures.Amanda was very sweet. Confirmed the appointment with all the details and we had a great chat before and after my session as well. The shoot itself was so much fun. I enjoyed it very much and the whole 90 min zipped by before I knew it. Right after I got home, I received a thank you email from Amanda and the next day the teaser photos from Jeph. All I can say is WOW. They turned out amazing!Not only would I highly recommend DeLorme Studios, but I will be back myself with my 10 year old getting her own shoot next month. This truly was my best photography experience ever!
5	Prior to our initial meeting with Jeph, we had never heard of DeLorme Studios.  We were in need of a new photographer though for family pictures and also my son's milestone pictures, and so we took to Living Social.  Jeph was offering a great deal and after checking out his website, we decided to give him a chance.  We really liked that he wasn't like other photographers.  He's very artistic and modern.  From the very first contact with Amanda to schedule the appointment to the day of the session and after, we have been so pleased.  Amanda was not only so helpful in the beginning when we set our appointment, but she was very communicative in the weeks prior to the appointment and even offered us to change times due to someone else's cancellation.  Upon arrival, Jeph was very welcoming and made us feel very comfortable.  He interacted so well with our 11-month old son and didn't make us feel rushed at all.  We were scheduled for an hour and we were worried how our son would do, but the time went by so fast because we were having so much fun.  Jeph made sure to get plenty of family group shots and also plenty of single shots of our son by himself.  He was also willing to take both indoor and outdoor shots and even showed us the pictures along the way to not only let us know how things were going, but to give us the option to change things up if we weren't happy with the shots thus far.  He also never once said "no" or "I can't do that." Once the session was over, he showed us the upgrade options, but no pressure at all.  Honestly, it was his lack of pressure and the fact that it was such a fair price and for such amazing quality, that we decided to go ahead and upgrade.  He even sent us our "teaser images" that same day!  We shared them with our friends and family and everyone loved them!  We can't wait to see the rest of them and get our CD.  Jeph knows the true meaning of client service and we are so excited to schedule our next session with him!
5	I'm not sure where to start with this review because I can't say enough GREAT things about DeLorme studios! Last Christmas, my husband gave me a Groupon for a boudoir session. I scheduled the session for May thinking I'd be ready but no, I rescheduled 3 times!! Amanda was so patient with me and accommodating. I was a little nervous about doing the session after looking at Jeph's amazing portfolio and wondering whether I would look as beautiful as these women?! After enough time worrying, I committed and had my boudoir session earlier this month. It was the BEST boudoir session I could ever imagined possible! I was greeted by both Jeph and Amanda in a very professional and personable manner. Jeph's style and personality made it so easy for me to relax and feel comfortable, making a 2 hour photo session seem like 30 minutes! Together, we created sexy yet artsy photos. Never did I feel intimidated or uncomfortable while Jeph was clicking away! He had a taken many more photos than I realized which gave us many options for the final prints. I saw my "teaser" photos the next day, just to give me an idea of what to expect. I received my final photos soon thereafter and was blown away by the wonderful assortment he selected in addition to the high quality of touch up and finishing. I had such a GREAT experience at DeLorme Studios that I scheduled my next boudoir session for January and have no plans to reschedule!!
5	Jeph and Amanda are truly an amazing team. I agree with the girls that posted great reviews, as that is exactly what I have experienced!Professional, fun and Jeph is a true artist!If you are looking for just a vanilla photography - this isn't it! Keep looking.There are so many out there producing average results....but I wasn't looking for average! I wanted creative and artsy...I had a very unpleasant experience with another photographer before I came to DeLorme Studios and I shared it with them, as I was very nervous doing another shoot.He met with me for a short consult, showed me his work and I was very excited about scheduling my session. I knew he gets me and he gets what I am trying to create and the way I want to use the pictures.Amanda was very sweet. Confirmed the appointment with all the details and we had a great chat before and after my session as well.The shoot itself was so much fun. I enjoyed it very much and the whole 90 min zipped by before I knew it.Right after I got home, I received a thank you email from Amanda and the next day the teaser photos from Jeph. All I can say is WOW. They turned out amazing!Not only would I highly recommend DeLorme Studios, but I will be back myself with my 10 year old getting her own shoot next month.This truly was my best photography experience ever! 2nd review (as we went back for our family photoshoot and my daughters photo's):Again, I would have never gone back if I was not satisfied. My daughter (10) loved Jeph and had ton of fun shooting her pictures. My husband's business photos also turned out great. We are truly happy with Jeph's work and we could not recommend DeLorme Studios enough.
5	Had a great time on my photo shoot. The staff...everyone was wonderful.  They made feel and look beautiful. It was a great experience and I highly recommend it. I will be doing it again!
5	Jeph and Amanda are an amazing duo!  She is so personable and professional...Jeph makes you feel like a true model -- it really comes out in the photos-all the attitude and sassiness  - I LOVE my photos and can hardly wait till my shoot at the end of this month!  Its a great gift to myself and to share with someone special!  They are a great team who are down to earth and FUN!!!!  Love this studio and the staff!!
5	No idea why this isn't five stars! First off- Tina & Sabrina did a fantastic job on makeup and hair. My makeup was absolutely gorgeous and sexy! The studio has a main area, 2 offices and 2 bathrooms and then the play room! Jeph has such an eye for spectacular photography. He made me feel at ease right away. I was really self conscious because a year prior I was not ready to be in front of any camera. I worked out like crazy and got a fitness physique. After seeing one of the photos, I literally got choked up realizing that person in the photo was really me. I'm not being conceited, I'm being real. DeLorme studios brought out a side of me that I never knew I had and allowed the new me to shine through. It was an absolutely hands down fantastic experience! I did the groupon special but then opted for the No Brainer Package- not at all because it was forced either. The pictures were just that well done and I wanted the rights to them and have more to show! Highly recommend this company. Very legit and personable. They are true to their offers and do not in any way shape or form try to up-sell you on  anything. Thank you DeLorme studios for making me see the beauty on the inside and outside xoxo
