4	I love the terrace on this place, right in the middle of the action on McGill College. This is an excellent place to have lunch or supper. The lunch menu's are always well inspired and the they always have good wines picked out. The mussel salad I had was exquisite and top that off with a nice biere chevelle blanc and I was in heaven. This is the terrace to be on a warm Montreal summer, absolutely fantastic!
4	Had a lovely duck confit salad & ricotta pasta. My salad was fresh, the endives crisp, and the duck was perfectly crispy.  Service was warm and friendly. It was a cold day so the terrace was not an option but it was still a lovely view by the window. Quiet, cute spot for casual dinner.
3	Nice little bistro at the heart of downtown Montreal. The menu is small and does not suit to all. There is not much for kids to eat here, so if you have Kids avoid at all costs.I came here with a friend, to have a nice little meal before a movie; we ended up eating again at the theater which is just across the street. Meals at cap vert don't fill you up. The food is good but my "meal size" cesar salad which looks big , but doesn't fill you up.If you are hungry and want meat this is not a restaurant you want to choose. Cap vert is meant for light meals. The restaurant is small with a few tables, service is decent and the waiters are friendly.
3	PROS:1. Nice ambiance, relaxed, casual, classy, small, cozy. I'd consider it a good place to take my parents  (ie., not for the young'ns)2. Servers were professional, quick and friendly.CONS:1.Food was comme ci comme ca. I had a stuffed pasta thingy-ma-bobber that I wasn't too fond of. Next time I would get a meatier dish or salad which I noticed a lot of the other customers were later raving about. OVERALL:-If I were to consider a restaurant for bistro food, Le Cap Vert would NOT be my first thought because I know I could get better bistro food in Old Port. However, if I'm stuck on St Cat's it's not a bad choice compared to a generic 3 brasseurs.
3	My sister decided to take me to Bistro Le Cap Vert for an afternoon coffee.  It was a beautiful day to sit out on the terrace which was surrounded by flowers to enjoy the good weather and watch the hustle and bustle of the Montreal streets.  Who doesn't love to people watch while enjoying a cup of coffee?The servers were very quick and attentive.  I noticed that when I added creamer to my coffee it began to curdle!  I freaked out a little bit but our server replaced my coffee right away.  Although I was a bit hesitant to drink my beverage the servers came to our table often to refill our drinks and make sure that everything was okay which I liked.We then decided to order a carrot cake which I posted a photo of.  Nothing too special about it.  The cake almost tasted as if it was an add water and bake boxed mixture!  Don't get me wrong it tasted good, you could taste the cream cheese in its frosting which was my favorite part....i have a sweet tooth but it just tasted like instant boxed cake.I didn't exactly see the full menu except for the special that was posted on the window which was a duck confit option.  The plated dishes that passed by me looked scrumptious.  Overall, I had a good experience and would probably come again to try their lunch options.
3	We were in the area and needed food badly so we settled for this cafe/bistro. The food is decent and staff is friendly. If I were stuck in that neighborhood again I wouldn't mind grabbing a quick lunch here.
3	Very cozy and friendly staff. A nice quiet hideaway for lunch from the hustle and bustle of St. Catherine. The food was good, but a tad expensive. I'd still probably go back
4	Le Cap Vert is an oldie but goodie.  This has been one of my preferred lunch places for years and I never get tired of it.  It's conveniently close to work and service is usually quick and friendly.  As far as lunch places go it is a little on the expensive side but once in a while it is worth the treat.  The restaurant is a bistro and has a little bit of everything on the menu (sandwiches, pasta, meat dishes, salads, etc).  I'm a big fan of their grilled pitas which come with your choice of fries or salad.  My personal favourite is the smoked duck one which contains smoked duck, aged cheddar and caramelized onions.  The pita is grilled to perfection and the flavours are nicely balanced.  The fries can be a little on the bland side but overall the food is pretty good.  There are also daily lunch specials which can be worth trying.I always enjoy eating here and would highly recommend coming to Le Cap Vert especially if you're in the downtown area.
