5	No one is writing about this place because we don't want the classrooms to get too big and we like all the special attention our kids get here. My child has learned to read at age four, speaks spanish, does karate, knows all the continents, counts to 100, etc etc etc....the list goes on and on and on....the school is an extremely small loving environment. I am very thankful that I found this place, and believe it has helped lay a great foundation for future academic success.
3	We actually ended up enrolling our little one here for next years January enrollment. A few weeks later, I get a call from Kathy saying that we have to start our lil'un early, in August and not January like they had said they would because they had too many enrollments and could not save a spot for youngling. What BS!!@@##$They were willing to refund the enrollment fee but not the application fee and I asked for that back too. They sent it back after a few weeks but I had to remind them again. This just left a really bad taste in our mouth so we are not going to be enrolling our kid here. Since then, I have visited more schools to place our little one in and I realized that the atmosphere at Montessori Educare is completely sterile and almost depressing whereas other schools have had a cheerful atmosphere and kids seem really really happy at these other places. Another thing that I noticed is that there is not diversity in ethnic backgrounds in students at this place. It had bothered me originally but had chosen to ignore it. But after careful introspection, I think I would want my child going to a much more diverse school than Educare.Few things you should know, they interview parents and have you fill out lengthy questionnaires to be considered for this place. Unlike some Montessori schools, they do take care of kids younger than 2 and have a separate class for kids younger than 2, then 2 to 3 and then 3 and up are in the same class. The charge is comparable to other schools in the area and they do provide nap time for the younger kids or as needed in the afternoon.BTW, they seem to have 5 star reviews on other sites and it is pretty obvious that they themselves have written all of them because they are all done on the same days.
5	My child went to this school for 5 yrs and it was fantastic!! If you want your child to get an education not just day care.. This is the place to go
5	Our 2 daughters went to Montessori Educare ages 3 - 6 for a total of 6 years.  It is a real community with caring Staff, parents, and Teachers.  The class sizes are small and often times there are two teachers in the class.  We had our 2nd daughter attend Kindergarten there.  We were pleased with her education and wished we'd left the older one there too.They expose the children to so much, they are sponges.  The teachers are well educated in the Montesorri style and the kids love working with each other.I highly recommend the school!  They have been named best pre-school in the Ahwatukee News "Best of Ahwatukee," several years in a row.
5	We had two children attend Montessori Educare Academy from the ages of two to five/six. It was the most amazing experience that we could ever imagine. My daughter is a 3rd grader now and she still says that she learned more at Montessori Educare than she does in grade school and wishes she could still go there. The teachers and staff are very nurturing and educated! Sending our kids to MEA was the best thing in the world for them and us too! We highly recommend this amazing school.
