5	I love my  new shoes from iRun.  I was using shoes that were pinching my toes and I didn't realize how bad because I was used to it.  After Mark at iRun put me in a different type of running shoe, I'm now running toe pain free.  Plus I love the tank tops I bought there too that will help me get through running in the heat of the summer.
5	Amazing customer service.  The owner and his wife were very knowledgeable about running shoes.  My husband and I both purchased new shoes that day and will absolutely buy from them again.  The store is in a great location and is beautifully decorated inside.  It features a treadmill to try out the shoes, dressing room, and even a shower if you join them on one of their organized runs.  They also have a lot of running clothes and other types of gear.  I definitely recommend trying them out!!
5	Nothing but good things to say about this recent addition to Arcadia.  Friendly, experienced & knowledgeable staff, great selection of shoes and other running gear, fair prices, convenient location and a treadmill on site so you can test the goods before you buy.Bonus points because the sales person didn't try to upsell me to the most expensive shoes for my condition (flat arch) but rather gave me numerous options, explained the differences in each and let me decide.  I'll be back.
5	Great selection.
5	Great place! The person there was quick to help, offered me a variety of shoes to try (but I went with the first one as they were having a sale and this particular shoe was 50% off!). He even gave me a heads up on when they meet to run drills at Arcadia High School's track. Definitely will come back next time I need something running related.Just a heads up, running shoes can be expensive!
5	Great place to purchase shoes if you are an avid runner. Very helpful staff and big on local events in the running community.Also, I think its very cool that they have a link to the canal system on their website.Thanks,Kelly
5	Great little running store! Very knowledgeable staff.Runners serving runners. What more can you ask for?
4	I live super close to this store and I've been in to browse previously but never purchased anything.  However, after taking a hiatus from running during my recent pregnancy, I realized I needed some new shoes to get me motivated again.  Enter iRun for a more serious visit!The girls that helped me out were super knowledgeable and watched me walk to figure out what shoes to look at.  In the past, I've worn Adidas (which they don't carry at the moment), but I was open minded this time.  I've got small feet, size 6, and there wasn't much to choose form in my size during my visit, but just when I was about to give up, we found a great pair of Mizuno Wave Runners on the sale rack (50% off) that fit me perfectly - gotta love that!In addition, I bought a few pairs of fabulous socks (Feetures! brand), and I still walked out of there spending less $$ than expected.I like that iRun is locally owned and puts on some neighborhood fun runs and they also offer weekly running groups.  I'm a fan and would recommend going here next time you're in the market for running shoes, apparel, or accessories.
5	One stop shop for all my running needs with a super helpful staff.  Love that the owner, Mark, is always willing to step up to help with causes and local events.
5	Run here for all your running needs! Seriously, this shop knows how to give a runner the best experience. Between the great selection of running shoes and clothing, to the accessories and tools, this is your one-stop-shop to all things running. I just wish I had found this store when I was training for the half marathon. I would have purchased every accessories they have. Besides having a great selection of your basic running clothes and shoes, they also sell every accessory imaginable. They have an entire wall dedicated to hands-free water bottles, whether it be a backpack like pack or even one you have strapped to your hand. They sell cool waist-bands that are made locally that you can put over your workout pants to hold your sell phone, keys, etc. In summary, if you can imagine it or dream for it in regards to outdoor exercise, chances are they have it. Live and love local and support this great local running shop. If you're looking for group runs, they also offer special events for running groups as well. One day I will take advantage of one of their events!
5	Really great selection of shoes for all types of terrain and a friendly and helpful staff!
5	I had to return a pack because it was too big, and they exchanged it no problem! Great selection of products, and the only place in the valley that sells the  Ultimate Direction brand.Not close to the house, but worth the drive for sure.Don't look at the picture, I posted the wrong one!
5	Best running store that I have been too. Mark and everyone who works here are extremely friendly and knowledgeable on running products and can point you in the right direction.  More than anything I appreciate that they are folks of  who genuinely enjoy running and the running culture in around Phoenix.
5	I've been training for the McDowell Mtn Frenzy 50k for the past 2-3 months and this is my go to place for Gu Energy Gel and shoes.  Mark, James and the entire staff are runners.  They will converse on almost any subject and are knowledgeable about their products.  I purchased a pair of Pearl Izumi - Project E:Motion Trail N2 after much debating and went for a 20 miler.  These shoes held up well, my feet felt great and there wasn't any of the break-in period that I occasionally have with other running shoes.  I was switching over from Brooks Cascadia 9 that were purchased at REI, and the izumi's were equal if not better in cushion and support.The quote below is directly from Pearl Izumi's website: "Built to meet the demands of the world's most difficult ultras, the Project E:Motion Trail N2 gives you unmatched traction and protection with a smooth ride that will keep you flowing over miles of grueling trails."  I would definitely agree, great shoes.I just picked up my bib number and tshirt for 50k yesterday.  Looking forward to the race tomorrow!  Many thanks to iRun Phx!  I will be shopping here again soon.
