5	This place totally rocks!  TOTAL-ly haha!!  BJ is the man - he was very helpful in explaining some wine finishes, recommended a sold-out rose wine for next time, and he teased me about the wine brand Cheap Date.I ended up getting the Chateau St. Michelle Chardonnay (Columbia Valley) that I tasted at the winery - the only Chardonnay that had a buttery finish that I could stand, and a single of Blue Moon's new Pumpkin brew.The wine was cheaper here than at the winery!!!  I will definitely be back!
5	Totally in love with Total Wine!!! I swear it doesn't matter the location, Total Wine delivers something special every time I walk through the doors.  Went to Total Wine on the weekend and sure enough they were having a FREE wine tasting!There is nothing better than a store that carries what you want at a great price.... except, a store that gives you free samples of stuff you could want while carrying the stuff you want at a great prices; amazing!Loving the new location of TW in Henderson and I plan of making a weekly visit.
5	Total Wine is a wine lover's heaven!! Since it was the Grand Opening, they had a few stations of wine tastings! At the door, a worker was checking ID's and handing out glasses for those who wanted to wine taste. It was quite busy the afternoon we went. They had a few stations that had wine tastings of different types. White, Red, French, Napa wines. They also had smirnoff malt drinks, tanqueray, and MGD samples as well. They were giving away some freebies like drink shakers, mints, and a lime squeezer.Most of the workers who were giving out the wine were very informative and helpful. They'd explain the different wines, their age, description, etc.I love how organized and easy to find things are at Total Wine. They are organized by types of wine. Not like Lee's where you could be going up and down every aisle not really able to find what you are looking for because they are organized by location the wine is from.There were complimentary magazines on wines. I took one and it is a pretty fat magazine all about wines. They also have hard liquor, all types of beers, sake, etc etc. They sell beer by the bottle as well and you are able to make your own 6-pack. Pretty cool since you could get six different types that your heart desires. They even sell chips, olives, caviar, nuts, etc. Things you can find as a grocery store for a little cheaper but cool that they have it. I love Total Wine and glad they opened one in Henderson. I will have to check the one in Boca Park on the west side next time I am on that side.
5	This place absolutely rocks.Tremendous selection of wine at great prices.  As a benchmark, a bottle of Mondavi Moscato D'Oro directly from the winery in CA is $22.  At BevMo in CA it's $18.  Total Wine sells it for $15.Free wine tasting Fri and Sat 12-6, Sun 12-4.  Usually have about a dozen reds to taste, 1/2 as many whites, and I've seen them offer tastings for other alcohols (whiskeys, vodka, etc...).The employees are helpful and friendly.Sign up on their email list and they'll send you discount coupons.  You also get a 10% discount when you buy 12 or more bottles of wine.Trying to think of something bad to say... the only thing I can think of is that there's only 1 shaded parking space in the lot (please don't take it, it's reserved for me) -- all the others are sun-exposed.  Such is the way of Henderson.
5	I can't leave this place empty handed! Staff is great and helpful and the selection is mind-blowing. There are always tastings going on which can make decision making a little easier, but I never get out of there in less than a half hour. So glad they put one of these in Henderson!
5	Love this place!  Been smokin' the plastic on all sorts of wine.  The first time I went, I bought 15 bottles.  Was and Am so excited over their selection and variety.I have so much fun just roaming around looking at their offerings.Definitely go here with some time to roam and explore and ask questions.  It's a "shopping experience."WINE TASTING:  Every Friday and Saturday.... go and have fun...it's Free.  Talk, sniff, swirl, sip and savor.WINE: They have a wonderful wine selection from low end to high end.  And lots of wine in between.  And the prices are really good.  They do not gouge you here.BEER:  They have a great selection... Plus, they have kegs and mini kegs that you can order for parties.  They also have a good selection of craft and specialty beers.HARD:  Like their wine they have low end and high end brands... and everything in the middle.  My husband who likes Scotch said that their high end Scotch was about $10-15 less than the same bottle at Lee's.  And they have mixers and accessories and gift items.This is your 1-stop shop for booze.Overall, Great Store and it's on my shopping rotation.  And the Bonus: COUPONS! so you get even a little more savings on already great prices.
3	The selection is good, the prices are pretty good.  On major liquor brands, you can often find better prices at your grocery store.  For specialty wines and beers, they are better priced than Whole Foods but similar to Lee's.  Their strength is definitely their selection across all alcohol types.  If you need to buy liquor, beer, and wine, it's a nice one-stop shop that offers some different things than Lee's. The service is where things start to fall apart.It seems the only knowledgeable people on the staff are the management.  Ask the regular floor staff a question and usually they are clueless unless the answer involves generalities like "the beer is over there."  Even the management has problems with answering questions about upcoming releases, but at least they know something about the stock.Also, they don't restock after they close or before they open, they restock during the lunch-break rush.  They block off whole aisles and don't move even when it's obvious you are trying to get to something.  During the restock, the general opinion of the staff seems to be that the customers need to get out of their way and they don't make any attempt to get around their customers.While it is nice to have an alternative to Lee's and they do have a wide selection, it would be nice if they took the time to educate their staff on how to treat customers and some basics of alcohol.
4	Just got back from Total Wine, and wow, I'm impressed.  While I'm not a wine drinker I am a beer drinker, and they have lots to choose from.  I was able to find my four favorite kinds of beer for the lowest price I've seen in Vegas, and I was able to pick up a ton of single beers to try them out.  If you like beer, and you like trying new types, give this place a shot.  One cool thing about the way they have the beer sorted is by type... with signs clearly grouping them, and descriptions of the beers so you can decide if you really want to try the single, or skip right to the 6 pack!  For beers with multiple formats they have them all - cans, 12 oz, up to 40s!If you really like wine, or other vices, this place is right up your alley too.  Good service, good prices.  What more could you want?  If there is a better place in Vegas, I'm not aware of it.
5	I think total wine and from my experiences at the ones in Northern Cali I thought Wine, Beer, Spirits, and great selection.... Well, now that I made you feel there was some climatic ending to this statement; there is not. Total wine here is just the same, isle after isle of intoxication and beer pong refills. I recently was invited to a Beer Swap while all the ladies swapped cookies, no offense ladies we are non discriminatory and if any ladies wanted to trade it was an option. Anyways, this trade was limited strictly to Micro Brews and I am the type that does not want to go swap six pack to six pack so from all the awesome recommendations from all of my fellow yelpaholics.. I ended up with the Holiday mix and match boxes in my hand taking the time to mix it up and spread the holiday Beer. Did you catch what I just did there.The store was clean, they had an amazing selection and every person I interacted with were more than professional. I will be making this my home for 21 and over purchases. Thanks yelpers and thanks Total wine!!
4	Henderson has it's own Total Wine, yay! My issues with this place are the same as with the Summerlin one - yes the wine is cheap, yes there's lots of it, no you won't find anything special here. It's all mass produced grocery store level junk. I miss Spec's in TX so much - a wine store that actually carried boutique wines and limited distribution things. Mondavi and Beringer just don't get my blood going, sorry. The beer selection on the other hand is out of this world amazing and the liquor selection is great as well. Unlike most wine/liquor stores I've been to they don't seem to have a nice cheese section whcih is another big disappointment. In summary this is the Wal-Mart of wine stores. Low prices and large, but since I've been to even bigger, cheaper stores out of state with WAY better selections it's hard to get all that excited about this place. The employees aren't all that educated on wine (compared to what I'm used to at a wine shop!) and most of the wine I've been recommended there has been mass produced garbage.
5	Love, love, love this place!  They have everything!  Really friendly, helpful, knowledgable staff.  My husband and I decided to have a keg party...shopped around and this was the best price to get the keg and tap.  Unlike other places you get kegs, you don't have a time limit on returning it in order to get back your deposit.  We didn't realize how massive a keg was so we ended up having 2 parties off the 1 keg!  We returned the keg 2 weeks after we got it from Total Wine.  On the other hand, we almost got the keg from Lee's.  We would've had to get the keg back in 3 days in order to get our deposit back.  When we brought the keg back, we did some shopping.  Once again, everyone was so helpful and knew exactly where everything in the store was.  They give you really great suggestions too.   I haven't gone yet but am going to make a point to go to their Saturday tastings.  According to a co-worker, they are very fun!  And have lots of good stuff to try out.  Their prices are great...I'd give their service an A+....And they have an easy to get to location.
5	My husband and I celebrate what we call "Boozeday Tuesday" and go to Total Wine & More in order to do it.  We love their selection of beers and always try two or three new ones each time we go.  I never realized how expensive Lee's Discount Liquor was until I went there once after having gone to Total Wine & More...I left with nothing because I could get it much cheaper at Total Wine & More.I love this place.  We've been looking for mead for forever, my husband and I.  We come here, there's two different kinds!  Liquor section is awesome, too.  We don't drink wine so I can't comment on that, but everything else is excellent.  Staff is awesome and friendly and just awesome.
4	Summerlin is way closer to us, but since we're in the area and we've been really into "collecting" bourbons, we stopped by anyways. We found a few bourbons not at the Summerlin branch, but most was the same stock. We were thinking of grabbing some cigars, but we noticed the ones we were interested in grabbing from the other location wasn't at this one. The people working here were friendly. I didn't need help, but when they passed by they would say hello and ask if I need anything. Obviously, I won't really be going much to this one when I live by Summerlin, but it's nice to see that TW&M has a standard of neatness and friendliness for all of the locations I've been to.
5	I love this place.  I used to be a Lee's guy but I haven't been back to one since this place opened.  I'm a big Bourbon drinking and my friend and I buy Pappy Van Winkle.  Total Wine has two kinds of Pappy/Rip that I haven't ever seen at Lee's.  The prices are better than Lee's as well.  I love the mix and match beer option as it allows people to try different types without being stuck with a whole case of something you don't like.  The atmosphere and friendliness of the staff are great as well.  I went on a Saturday one time where they had 4 or 5 different tasting stations set up.  Wine, Vodka, Chambord, etc.  It was great!  Whenever I go eat at Sweet Tomatoes I ask my wife if we can stop by.  She only says yes every so often.  ;)
4	We love total wines for several reasons.PRICES- They almost always have the best prices you can find.  The only time a bottle will be cheaper is at Costco with a coupon, though there are only a few each year.TASTINGS- Free and every Friday Sat Sunday.  When they first opened they were tasting $40-$50 wines, now they usually stick to $10 wines and some are "for the inexperienced masses" like super sweet crappy reds, but the tastings are still fun.SELECTION- The store has a large selection, though I have seen bigger.  Also, you will not find too many super great wines or boutique wines here, mostly the mass-marketed stuff.  I remember one trip I was looking for Bonterra wines- they were in the organic section; bubbly including chandon, roederer, cristalino, riondo, and a split of cliquot- check check check and check.  Cali viogners under $10- they had 5 different ones. Their liquor selection is also solid.  I am not a beer drinker but it seems that is a huge section.SERVICE- They are very friendly here, they even let us use a coupon that we forgot to bring in once.  I don't think they are particularly knowledgeable about the specifics of wines, however.
5	The best selection of liquor in town. Also the best prices in town. 1.75 litre bottles of belvedere for $40 and grey goose for $45. Also best wine and champagne selection and special editions and orders. They also have women come in and promote the liquor and you can taste it. They have every beer imaginable and you can mix and match beers from every country in the world. I have a bar in my house and stock it from their store and I have a fridge full of beer in my garage from there. This place rocks and is 2nd to none. Lees liquor and town pump and other stores can't compare to their selection and prices!!!!
5	"Liquor store" and "classy" don't usually go together in conversation but Total Wine liquor store is just that. Clean, very organized, excellent selection of wine and beer at this store.Everything is neatly categorized.You can buy individual bottles of a huge variety of beers - which is great because it gives you an opportunity to try things out without buying a whole sixer.Very reasonable prices, too.
5	As a Cali girl, I have been a BevMO fan since college. I recently moved to Las Vegas and a friend in LA asked if there was a Total Wine & More near my new home. I said that I'd driven by one but had yet to venture in. She urged me to make a visit. She stated that it "makes BevMo look like a liquor store". She was right! The selection is awesome and the employees were very friendly. YEAH! BevMo is one less thing for me to miss about life in California. This is a great store for anyone with taste that exceeds the parameters of Budweiser!
5	Best liquor store I've ever been to, selection is fantastic. The only thing missing is some Japanese Shochu but I'll get over it.They carry Junipero Gin, the best gin out there.Also have Leblon Cachaca which is just fantastic.The two spirits above are reason enough for 5 stars, but the rest of the store is fantastic on its own. Good customer service, knowledgeable staff and good prices.
5	This was a really terrific liquor store.  For the spirits I know anything about, they had a really great selection. Pretty decent beer selection, too.  I didn't really pay attention to the wine, but they seemed to have a bunch of it.  The lady that ran the place gave us samples of a couple of single malt scotches that were interesting.  My friend was quite impressed with them.  I'm not much of a scotch guy myself.  If I hadn't been flying, I'd have taken a bunch of stuff back home.  Lucky the government is protecting me from terrorist rum.
4	Friendly, affordable, and well stocked!  That pretty much is all there is to say about it.  Definitely impressed with their selection.
4	LOVE this place! I'm originally from California and this place definitely beats out BevMo. It also beats out Lee's Liquor as well, in my honest opinion.Total Wine is very clean and very well organized (everything is categorized). I will DEFINITELY be returning. I just wish there were one a tad bit closer to me.
5	My friend and I checked this place out the first month it had opened and we stood in the doorway and I swear to God that we heard Angels from Heaven singing!  They have every type of wine you can possibly think of. I found a couple bottles from the Finger Lakes Region in NY where I grew up and I was ecstatic to get a taste of home! Huge selection of case beer, individual bottled microbrews in case you want to try a single bottle instead of buying a six pack and finding you do not like it. They have nice holiday gifts like wine openers, racks, decor, etc. The best part, tastings every day. I may just have my bachelorette party here in the future and call it a "wine class".
5	Total Wine is the Costco of liquor stores with the personal service of a mom and pop establishment. I continue to come back for the vast selection and because if I do find myself wandering the aisles, eyes glazed over I know I can count on a store associate to help me out of the fog I wandered into. I really like the staff recommendations (first aisle to the left when you walk in) and have never been led astray by their picks! The picks have something for every budget but for the most part fall into the recession-friendly price range. The store can be overwhelming, so if you're just going to browse, I definitely recommend popping in on a Saturday or Sunday when they have free (everyone's favorite price!) tastings which could help you narrow down a pick and prevent you from wandering the aisles a la The Walking  Dead.
4	employees very nice, which helped me a lot, without looking at the time, thank you very much,ginette
5	I'm not sure why I don't go here more often.  I am stuck in my ways going to the boulder hwy Lee's.  Which, by the way, is the worst.  Every time I find myself at total wine, I find better prices and more selection than at most other liquor stores in town.Attn beer lovers:  They have a great selection of craft, import, and local beers.  There have had almost every strange beer I have been in search of.  Another bonus in the beer department is that if you're like me you enjoy trying many new beers; build-your-own six pack to the rescue!The staff is very friendly and knowledgeable about their products.  I have called on the phone inquiring about products and they are always willing to find the answer or check stock on a particular item.  I have had cashiers offer great suggestions based on what I have in my cart.  Way to know your stuff guys!Some day I'll come to my senses and only shop here!
5	I discovered this place while searching for somewhere to go wine tasting, thanks to all of you fellow yelpers, this place caught my eye when i read "FREE wine tasting" on many reviews. And yes, new yelpers... you read right... FREE! Nothing is better than "free" :) The free wine tasting events are friday-sunday... Its 12-6 on Fri/Sat, and 12-4 on Sun.If i could have one wish right now, it would be to have a Total WIne & More in North Las Vegas! I'm not a fan of driving through Las Vegas, but this place is most definitely worth the drive! They didn't have as many selections during their wine tasting event as they have at the other Total Wine store in Summerlin, but they still had quite a few selections to try and it was well worth it. Who needs to go to a liquor store when there's Total Wine & More? Everything was so organized and the staff were friendly and attentive. I discovered that I liked German wine, and to my luck... they have wines categorized by Country. How awesome is that!? I cant wait to make another trip here! Oh, and even better... they have coupons so you save even more on some products that they sell during the wine taste event. Their prices are pretty good to begin with as well. I noticed some liquors and beer are cheaper here than they are at other places!
4	Wide selection of wine, beer and other spirits. Helpful staff and generally knowledgeable.The classes they offer help round out knowledge on beer and wine. Worth the trip out of the way from the local grocery store.
5	Huge selection of wine, beer and spirits. Reasonable prices, knowledgeable employees, and wine tastings..
5	*** 200th Review!!! ***As my mother and I were leaving Total Wine and more I couldn't help but saying, "This place is awesome!" Probably more than once. First off, an amazing selection of wines, beers, and hard liquors all clearly displayed. Employees are incredibly knowledgeable. I was thrilled when I asked for a Riesling and the employee replied, "Domestic or German?" Well, I went with German, of course. She also introduced my mother and I to a fantastic already-boozed egg nog! Wow, so great, my Mom bought a big bottle for Christmas!Bonus - they were also doing wine tastings. I sampled reds and whites. My mother particularly enjoyed a Moscato, which she ended up purchasing for Christmas dinner. They were also sampling a beer from Montana and a Vodka. I partook of the beer, but ended up getting a 6-pack of Newcastle Winter Ale.I can't believe I took so long to check this place out. I know where I'll be going for wine purchases from now on!
4	When a liquor store makes me feel classy, you know I'm in love. One of my coworkers suggested we stock up for the night at Total Wine. I assumed it was just a close option near her house, but I was wrong. A ten minute drive on the freeway, a few stoplights later, and we arrive at Total Wine. I asked myself, why bother to drive out so far when we live in a city where every corner oozes cheap liquor. Stepping in, I now know why.It's heaven. Not just liquor heaven - beer and wine heaven. If there was ever a nuclear fallout, I know where I am shacking up. Aisles upon aisles of various wines, hard alcohol, and beer makes me a happy girl. They even had a rare wine one of my dear friends in Seattle fails to find anywhere but home. Looking at the prices for this mecca of intoxication, everything seems reasonably priced - if not, cheap. The employees were very accommodating, making sure to check up on us every so often. Perhaps it's a good thing I don't live in Henderson. With Total Wine around, I might have become an alcoholic.
5	I would describe this store as heavenly. Aisles upon aisles of spirits to make your nights more fun and your mornings probably a bit more painful. Well organized, well stocked and just all around awesome. With something for everyone, from wine sippers, beer pounders and cocktail connoiseurs, Total Wine is one stop shopping for all your booze needs. Organized very nicely by aisle with helpful signs, the selection is nothing short of impressive. However my favorite part of my recent visit was the realization that you can build your own 6 pack. As a cider lover, I always want to try new kinds but don't want to be stuck with 5 more of them if I don't like it. The build your own 6 pack allows you to mix and match whatever single bottles you like. What a great idea! This is also a really great place to find gifts. I went before Christmas and checked 2 people off the list by the time I had left. There is a whole aisle dedicated to drinking accesories, if you will. From whiskey stones to wine aerators, you can find some unique stuff after your done selfishly loading your cart with your fave bottles. They also have a ton of gift packs throughout the store and offer gift cards. Overall I was in love, I'll definitely be back when I'm looking for more than just an 18 pack of Bud Light. What can I say, I'm easy to please.
4	Being the good Italian girl that I am, I'm a sucker for wine.  This place is a godsend for aspiring winos like me....  Rows and rows and bottles and bottles of the glorious beverage are here for you to peruse.When you walk in, the reds are to your right and the whites are to your left.  Everything is clearly broken up by type of wine or region so it should be fairly easy to find what you are looking for.  Towards the left and the back is where you can find the hard liquor and mixers. On Saturdays, they offer free wine tastings with discounts for the bottles you sample.  I also saw tastings of vodka and tequila while I was here.  These were very popular so prepare to wait.We also saw a class going on and now I'm very interested in going to one myself.  They had Power Point presentations and everything!  Maybe I'll finally graduate from wino to oenophile.  But probably not.The only thing that seemed to concern me was a strange selection of Riesling wines.  I literally had minutes to look around the store so maybe I missed some things.  I originally looked in the Riesling section and only saw American wines.  I then went to the German section and found some more there, but I still saw nothing that looked familiar to me.  I'm used to a lot of green bottles from the Mosel region but I'm pretty sure I only saw two green bottles here.  Regardless, this is a fun place to look around and grab a few new bottles of wine (or beer, or vodka) to try.  From what I saw, prices were great
5	I admit. I love alcohol. No, this is not a Las Vegas influenced love, this is an "I'm engaged to a man who lived in Scotland" kind of love. However, I do not know much about all the different kinds of alcohols; I just have my favorites. I owe the expansion of my knowledge and appreciation for "Big Kid" liquor to Total Wine and their phenomenal employees.First, after I get off work on Friday I go to Total Wine with my fiance to get our weekend supplies. Wine tasting? Sure? Why not! Whiskey tasting? Fantastic! Let's do it. Oops. The bottle of wine is in a box all the way above the shelves. No problem? I will grab that for you right away? Yes please!Or, when all else fails and I cannot figure out what to get my fiance as a gift, go to Total Wine and ask any representative which whiskey they prefer in X price bracket. They have never failed, and each time we've tried a different bottle it has been divine. They don't try to upsell me whiskey stones (they know better), and EVERY PERSON I've spoken to has been professional, courteous, knowledgeable and just all around friendly.I don't know about their prices to compared to other alcohol discount stores, but I will never go to another other than them. The selection is great, they continually get new gluten free beers for me to [responsibly] drink, and their cider collection (which is all normally gluten free) puts my frazzled mind at ease. As you can tell, I value customer service and have a lot of respect for people who give good customer service to their customers regardless of the hour. At Total Wine, that is one of their many, many specialties and I greatly appreciate it.
4	Huge selection, affordable prices, and the option to sign up for classes on wine, spirits, or beers? Does a place like this really exist in the monopoly of Lee's Discount Liquor? Apparently, this store holds all that and more. Not only can you buy your liquor here, but snacks and mixers are also available. My friend was having a bad day and has been looking for the Dream Tree Wines for some time now. After her constant babbling about Dave Matthews producing a wine, I took her here with high hopes that she would be able to find it. Sure enough, we were lost and wandering aimlessly before an associate pointed us in the right direction. She did not even have to look it up. She recited the types with ease and walked us over to the one's we wanted. For $14, the wine is affordable. Although it is nice have a store carry such a wide selection, walking around the store is more fun. I am out to educate myself in what I drink. Wandering the aisles is a start because of their helpful plaques with a quick tidbit about each selection.I believe that they have classes on Thursday from 6:30-8:30. One class runs for $25, sign up for five and it is $100.
5	Oh Happy Day.I gotta admit, living close to a Binny's in chicago, and having a go-to "Guy" there spoiled me pretty rotten. I was pretty much under the impression that in Vegas, Lees was it. Which, Lees is not bad, but there were a lot of liqueurs and beers I could not find. And then I found Total Wine. And I am happy. I found beers from all of my favorite breweries; and not just the "normal" varieties, the weird and the wild and the special and seasonal. I walked out with 4 bottles of beer I did not intend to buy, which I pretty much consider the mark of a Liquor run well done.I also asked one of the sales people about a tasty rye, and they directed me to a lovely and affordable Sazerac Rye I'd never tried before. This'll be my go-to happy liquor store now, and I'm so glad to have found it.
5	I died and went to booze heaven! Move over Lee's, this place is about to steal your customers and for good reason! They have a lot of wine. I'm not a huge Vino, so I could care less. BUT I love beer, specifically microbrews and this place is the mecca for every kind of beer imaginable. Now that I live in the land of microbrews (Pacific NW) I have become a beer snob and a half, so I like the fancy expensive beers. This place has them all and more plus the people that work there know their beer and they can recommend lots of different beers if you ask. Plus their prices are really great. Please Total Wine come to Seattle. We need your cheap prices and huge selection!
4	I like the one on the West side of town better. I think it's just set up better. Still a great store, good prices on liquor. we can't go into a Total Wine and More with out buying something.
5	This Total Wine seems smaller and more cluttered than the one I'm used to in Summerlin but they staff here is much more helpful. They will not only show you the section you are looking for but also tell you about each selection and tell you honestly if you're getting what you pay for. If I have a choice, I will choose this location.
5	I found Total Wine & More to be just that! They have all your needs and great gift ideas too. When I went on a Sat. they were offering a wine tasting with quite a few different wines, the host was so pleasant & kind and made everyone feel welcome, no matter if you were just walking by,  she welcomed all. I found a new wine I really liked, and we all were having a nice time mingling and talking about the different wines. The woman hosting made it a fun time for us! I enjoy going to this store, and the help offered and suggestions for your specific taste is wonderful!
5	This place blows Lee's out of the water for me!  We came here to buy all our alcohol for a weekend in St. George.  We walked out with almost $250 worth of alcohol, varying from beer, to wine and vodka.  Everything we wanted was easy to find and we didn't end up spending an hour in such a huge place.  The cashier was super sweet and engaging.  I definitely think the location really gives them an upper hand as well.Next trip to the liquor store will be here!
4	I came for one directive: to find Fruli beer. Success! However, it was $3.59 per teeny little bottle. I understand it is super hard to find and they have to justify stocking it via its price, but I have seen it in bars for $4-5 per bottle and it's hard to justify buying it direct from the liquor store at this price.Huge selection of beers and wine, but that's obvious due to the number of reviews mentioning it. If I found the ever-elusive Fruli here, you can probably find what you are looking for!
5	I didn't know that TWM had locations in Las Vegas. I never bothered to look and how I wish I had.I've been up and will be up to Las Vegas every two weeks dealing with personal family matters. On several of those visits, I really could have used some ice cold, craft beer to take the edge off. Had I known that TWM had locations here - I wouldn't have settled for some of the "tap water" beer selections I did. Read my other reviews on TWM and you'll know I love this chain. It's one of the few chains I will review and in some cases, more than once. There was nothing about this location I didn't like except that Henderson is a pretty long haul from where my family lives in the valley. Good thing there are other locations!
5	Being that the sauce is practically a lifestyle for me, it was only a matter of time before I found this Mecca for alcoholics:)Holy Christmas!In Las Vegas, especially around the strip, you get used to prices being overly inflated, in an effort to capitalize on the tourists. But over in Henderson, just 10 minutes away, the prices blew me away.I am a Jameson freak, and in some of the more expensive LV locations, you can pay as much as $34. for a 750ml bottle of J. At TW&S, for $35.99, you can get a1.75ml bottle. That's essentially 2.33 normal sized bottles, for $2 extra!Finally, the selection is off the charts. Wide array of Scotches of all vintages, huge selection of higher end tequilas, you name it.5-Stars all the way, and that's not just the liquor talking.
4	Every time I'm in Vegas, this place always delivers. Always in stock with whatever I need to get the job done. Thank you for being well stocked in all the shenanigan fiesta making items needed to get the job done!
4	Staff is great and can help find select beers and wines in the store! The beer selection is much better than Lee's Discount Liquor. Beer is also organized by style, seasons, and limited release. When you go, I suggest you check out to see if they are doing any beer or wine tastings
5	Total Wine blows Lee's out of the water; there's no question about it. Yeah, sure, Lee's is a local chain and Total Wine is regional (maybe even national?), but if Lee's wants to keep local business, they'd better step it up.Total Wine, as the name suggests, has an awesome selection of wines from around the world, all kinds of varietals. However, contrary to what the name suggests, they also carry beaucoup craft beers and all kinds of liquor, mixers, sodas, and even cigars. Whaaaa? Yes, you read that right. This is pretty much your one-stop shop.Their service is also top-notch for a chain booze store. I once asked where I could find unoaked merlot, and even though that stumped the person in my immediate vicinity, he was on the radio with three other guys who were all rushing around to find it for me. On today's trip, I was in search of Dogfish Head 120 Minute IPA. Anyone who knows and loves this beer knows that it's pretty elusive in Vegas (the liquor store on the southwest corner of Paradise & Harmon has it, of all places, FYI). I noticed that this Total Wine location had 60, 75, and 90 MInute, but I didn't see the 120. A passing worker asked me if I needed any help finding something, and I asked if they had it. He immediately checked stock and discovered they had 3 cases somewhere, checked the singles/6-packs/12-packs/cold case locations for it, and radioed 2 other people to help. They found it in an umarked box perched high atop the static racks, waiting just for me. The main guy helping me apologized for the wild goose chase around the store, but that didn't bother me in the least -- most places "hide" that beer if they actually do carry it, and if anything, you'll see a sign somewhere inconspicuous saying to ask them if you want to buy some.If you like IPAs and you've never had 120 Minute, BTW, you should stop reading Yelp reviews and go remedy that....Right. Now.
5	I think that Total Wine is a fantastic liquor, beer, and wine store. This location maintains that standard. Prices are great and the selection is impressive. I also like the wine, beer, AND liquor tastings they offer on Saturdays. As a craft beer enthusiast, I most appreciate the variety of individual beers that I can select to build my own six pack. They have more options than any grocery store or specialty store I've visited for just this purpose.
5	You want selection? You got it? You want great prices? You got that too. This place is the mother of all liquor stores. In fact there is enough booze in this place to have supplied Dean Martin's 1963 New Years Eve Party. If you can't find it here either it doesn't exist or it is illegal. Stop by and prepared to spend the first half an hour, overwhelmed. I know I did. Live it up, you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
5	Love this place for all my alcohol needs!  I used to go to one right over the border in Delaware when I lived in Pennsylvania because of the restrictive alcohol laws in PA (beer only from bars and distributors; wine and spirits only from state owned shops, etc.).  This place was a gift from god in Delaware.  Now that I'm not living in a state with such strict alcohol sale laws, I STILL think this store is incredible.  Great prices, amazing selection and free wine/beer/liquor tastings all the time!  Whether you're having a party, want to stock up the dry bar in your house, or just want to try a 6 pack of a new seasonal beer this is TOTALLY the place to go.
5	Service. Selection. Price. It's all here. And it's all top notch. I went to Total Wine to buy a bottle of wine as a gift for a friend. I had a certain price range in mind and I wanted something that would go well not with food but to help set a certain attitude and mindset. I ended up being helped by Tami...and she provided service with a smile and without attitude. Her recommendations were spot on too, her choices included specific vineyards I knew but some I had not heard of. Her second recommendation mirrored advice I received from a vineyard owner back in Missouri so when I heard the recommendation and had the bottle in hand I knew that Tami was the right person to help me. I also took time to walk through the rest of the store. In the back was an excellent gift area with some outstanding options that will help me wrap up my Christmas shopping fast. Total also has an extensive beer selection. While they don't have Colorado or Midwest brews due to distributorship limitations, they carry a wide range from Shinerbock to Dogfish Head's My Antonia. In short you should have no trouble finding something you will enjoy here. Checkout was a breeze, service from every staff member I spoke to was top notch, and I left wishing I had more time to shop and thinking of what I want to buy on my next visit. 5 Stars, without question or hesitation and a recommendation to check them out if you haven't already.
5	An absolute wonderland of adult libations.  This place has everything you could ever want and everything you thought you could not get.  I went in and got Calvados, French apple brandy only made in Normandy, and Pernod, The French successor to Absinthe from the 1800's.  What can't you find in this place.  I recently went to England and had a cider that I really liked and guess what, they have it at total wine.  I wine is on the menu and you cannot decide what to get, since there are so many options, try and find Clair he really knows his stuff and i have never been disappointed in what he has recommended.  This place way out classes Lee's and Bevmo.  This is the place to go for any beverage you could ever want, they even have locally brewed root beer.
5	If you love BEER or wine this place is for you! You can buy almost any beer by the bottle and then find it in a 6 or 12 pack too! They have a fridge section so some of the more popular stuff is in there and cold. They have plenty of the popular kegs, the usual domestics but some craft guys too. Big list of kegs you can order too, pricey but they can get them. We go all the time and the service/knowledge of the staff is spot on. Thanks!
5	Went to this store for the first time recently and was very surprised at how big it is and the HUGE selection of booze! Wines, beer, liquor, mixers, soft drinks...they have it all! I liked the mix your own six pack option and the hundreds of beers to choose from was amazing!Also asked someone for help on the floor looking for an item and not only did he take me to it he gave me a rundown on all the choices and gave his recommendation. Great customer service. Checkout was a breeze and I even grabbed a few mini bottles to try on my way out. Definitely my go to place for alcohol now.
5	Wow so nice!  Icalled because I was price comparing (dom perigon).  Um ya $30 cheaper than lee you know who.  The customer service on phone was reason enough to go.  Let alone the savings!
4	Went here for our first time today and was very surprised at how big it was, its Saturday so they have tastings and we tried a couple... It would've gotten 5 stars but the place is so big if you've never been there before you don't know where to find certain things. We tried asking for help but there was only ONE person working the floor for this Huge store, he tried to help but he seemed to know nothing about the beers but had a good idea where all the liquor's were located. Next time we will be a little more prepared to just spend time looking and searching. Found out they have wine, beer and spirit classes so we got a schedule for those and are definitely interested in trying one or all of them... Overall a good experience and beautiful store, plus the cashier was friendly, which kinda makes up for lack of employees... Only other complaint was the entire time we were there they had a large cart of beer to stock in the middle of the isle blocking things and making it hard to get by without breaking things, not a good thing to be left unattended on a busy Saturday afternoon.
5	I can't complain about a store this clean, friendly, and well designed.  It is the best place in town to pick up supplies for a dinner party or get together.  Their prices are competitive, as is their selection.  And unlike their competitors, it doesn't feel like a lonely warehouse or a seedy shop.  It's classy and functional.  They even have a cigar selection that is decent.  And they also provide plenty of gift possibilities if you're stopping in on the way to a birthday party and haven't picked one up.  I wouldn't go anywhere else for this sort of thing.
5	This is all you need to know.  Best craft beer selection in town.  If you are looking for a small-town brewery beer, they have it.  I haven't used this store for wine yet, but if their wine choices are as good as their beer choices, I imagine you could find anything here.  Anything.  Simply put, best place in town.  Some reviews have suggested that they are cheaper than Lee's in town.  For craft brews, they are comparable with some being cheaper and some being more expensive than Lee's.  I wish I didn't know this, but I do.  What can I say?  I love a good beer.
5	This place has it all: lots of wine, beer, great customer service, and fast check out.Do you need to know where something is?  Just ask.  But better is the advice on what is the best wine for the price you want to pay.  Every time I go there, I get the same great service.  Admittedly, I usually walk out of there with more than I intended.  But they have so many great products!
5	This is the number one place to go for booze in the Henderson area. They have another location which I've been to for those in close proximity to Summerlin in Boca Park. Everyone that comes here is in heaven as they take notice of the immense collection of wines, beers, and spirits. It is Disneyland for adults. You could spend hours browsing through each aisle trying to determine the perfect bottle for your occasion or you could ask one of the friendly associates to help you make that final decision. All of the workers are super-trained and more than willing to satisfy your needs when it comes to choosing the best bottle(s) for you. They have some of the best prices in town too and do match pricing if you happen to find a deal somewhere else. For avid wine drinkers, they have a mix it up deal where you can mix and match bottles and fill up a case of 12 to get 10% off. Why not, right?! Might as well fill up your wine rack at home with the best selection of wines!In addition to all the beer, all the wine, and all the spirits, they have their very own humidor with a wide selection of cigars. It's a really cool room to check out while you're here. They also have a ton of snacks to compliment your drink choices for the night or for your party. Whether you're looking for something for yourself or a gift for someone special, you must give this place a go!
5	Want!  We need a place like this in San Diego.  If we have one please let me in on the secret.  The rows and rows of wines made me drool.  We waded through various liquors as well and then we finally made it...........BEER!  Tons of beers.  By the six pack or single bottles!  I made a fun sixer for a housewarming present.  Oh and they are working on a fill your own growler station!I loved this place so much I contemplated moving to Las Vegas for about a second and remembered I live in San Di freaking ago!!  I'll pass.  But I will visit this establishment on ALL my trips to Vegas.  Not only is it nifty but it is conveniently located close to my nieces house. Double win for me!I saw a little set up for wine tasting that sadly ended an hour before we got there.  I'd call ahead for times and details of the tastings.  It was honestly the biggest liquor store I have every been to aka and adult Disneyland.
5	I've been to this location once before, when it first opened years ago, and thought it was ok. Then I kept hearing from friends and acquaintances that it is way better and more affordable than Lee's Discount Liquor, so I decided to take a step back inside after years in search for a couple of bottles of wine and import beers.I immediately remembered how great this place looks inside once I walked into the door. Definitely better displayed than a Lee's. But, at the end of the day, price trumps all.I found a couple of beers here that I have not seen elsewhere. The prices were fairly decent and what I was used to seeing from imports in stores like Von's and Whole Foods. The wine selection here is absolutely amazing. Grabbed a couple of bottles as I cruised the aisles slowly, hoping not to miss anything. I was looking for a bottle of Paul Hobbs Crossbarn that I had once before in Palm Springs, CA but didn't see it. I bet they have and I just overlooked it.At the end of the day, I will be back here soon. The beer and wine selections cannot be matched and the atmosphere (I am big on this) was just so upscale. I really like this place and  hope that if you're a beer, wine or spirits connoisseur, you come and check it out for yourself.
5	After living in the dark ages (a.k.a. Pennsylvania, where liquor is controlled by the state), I was introduced to the new world... One which gives you the freedom to buy drinks from a private retailer. Moving to Henderson offered me this ability. Privatized wine sales!?!?! What a concept.  I was only moderately mesmerized by Lee's Discount Liquor. Their stores can be a bit drab, and the last time that I was there, the cashier was trying to make me cry with her sad sob story about her lack of pay and her - well - habits. (TMI for a guest!) It reminded me of the LCB workers in PA. They complain about their lives a lot, too. Luckily, my friends introduced me to the best place in the Valley for all of your wine, beer, and liquor needs. The cashiers here didn't tell me about their sad existences... In fact, they all seemed quite happy. They had great recommendations. I walked out several times as a happy customer - even if I didn't buy anything! I love the "make your own 6-pack" options... , and I love the knowledgable staff! It's fun to try new things! Also, since the business has competition, I found that offering and pricing were quite affordable.  And lastly, it's nice to walk into a store to buy a bottle of wine  or a 6 pack (or just 1 bottle of beer- which you can't do in PA) and not feel like a criminal - or like you are doing something shameful.   Give this place a go! I can't imagine anywhere quite as nice in this business!
5	A virtual alcoholic mecca. For me anyway. What a fabulous, beautiful, STOCKED liquor store. I walk in and stare in wonder. Wine as far as the eye can see, shelves of every kind of beer imaginable, nice, helpful people. I asked if I could live here, but they told me no. Buzz kill (ha!). Lee's compared is old, dusty, poorly stocked, dingy and I will never grace the door of that place ever again. I have found my new love and its name is Total Wine. My favorite part about this place is that they have beer in all sizes and there's so much of it, it's practically overflowing. I can get Chimay in the big bottle, or the little ones. Same with Delirium Tremens. They have beers from all over the place, Belgium, Hawaii, everywhere! I'm a beer lover and they know it!I used to buy all sorts of wine here, too (well, in Virginia, actually), until I fell in deep love with beer. You can trust this place to have any kind of wine you're looking for. You can shop and just pick one up and you're pretty guaranteed to find something you really will love and keep coming back for. Staff is nice and helpful, the store is immaculate and there is so much alcohol. Did I mention that? They also have gourmet snacks, glassware, pretty much anything you need to drink. I didn't buy liquor here, but you can bet I'll be back for that!Favorite liquor store, EVER.
3	Ok, I  may be a bit of a ball buster when it comes to wine and wine-wannabes.  So I am at this Total Wines, which is totally unfamiliar to me. Summerlin, on the other hand, I know like the back of my hand.  Anyway, staff asks me if they can help me.  I say, "No, thank you.", but later ask the same woman for the Gruner Veltliner. I get a question in return, "What country?".  Well there you go, you are a wine expert, aren't you? I was also frustrated with the assumption that no one drinks/ shops for alcohol on Monday morning...well I do!  Don't block the cartways with boxes and boxes of wine while you are "restocking" AKA talking about your "AWESOME!" weekend, and  assuming NO ONE will need to you use the cart ways.  I need them! I need my wine, too!  How unfair! It seems like your retail hours are not for customers, but for your staff to gab about their weekend as they leisurely restock the shelves, not caring they are blocking the cartways.  Thanks, I made sure to cut my wine trip to 6 bottles rather than the regular 24.  Saved atleasted $300.
5	If you are in the market for anything and everything alcoholic, this is the place to be. The selection of alcohol is fantastic, the prices are lower than anywhere else in town and the staff is friendly and knowledgeable. With isles and isles of reasonable priced liquor, it is easy to get lost in this super market sized store.My favorite part of Total Wine is the complimentary bottle chiller at the front of the store. While I was selecting from the hundreds of different six packs of beer, my bottle of vodka was being chilled. By the time I made my selection, my vodka bottle was ice cold.If you live in Henderson and are looking to purchase any alcohol related product, it is worth it to check here first. With such a great selection and even better prices, Total Wine & More is the best place to purchase alcohol in Las Vegas.
5	It's 5 o'clock somewhere!  We love this store.  The huge variety of every type of liquor, wine and beer is a delight! The employees here are always so helpful. Plus there is usually samples of various wines or liquors out! Hooray! It's our go-to place for our spirits to lift our spirits!  Happy shopping!
5	Best place to pick up your spirits and beers in the valley by far.  The selection here is incomparable and if you can't find it here, the only other option is online.  Here, they have tastings for different types of liquors and wine and that's a nice little treat.  Plus, all staff on hand are very knowledgeable about their product and always willing to give their expert suggestions; never been led wrong yet.  Good product and good service, definitely the go-to place when I need to stock my bar.
5	I just happened to stop in at this Total Wine Location. Its nice to know where they are tucked away as I prefer to do my liquor shopping here. This location has what you would expect from Total Wine, which would be in my case a massive beer and wine selection. I like the added bonus of special sodas they offer. Picking up some good naturally brewed ginger ale can be a nice addition to a glass of good whiskey if you want to change it up. Friendly staff too. They all must have checked up on my 5 times while I was killing time.
4	20 minutes away from the Strip, but well worth the trip to save gas economy (so we don't have to carry 15 extra pounds of liquid from LA to Vegas) and $$ on booze.Only downside is that Wilson Creek Champagnes are $10.99, $2 more compared to the Brea TW&M... guess Vegas is a bit farther from Temecula than Brea!
4	Ah Total Wine.I could get lost in here.  In fact..I did get a little lost yesterday.  Spent an HOUR looking at wines, beers, and scotch, glorious scotch.  I managed to leave the store after an hour, with 4 big bottles of beer, 2 fortified wines, Absolute Black 100, and Frangelico for $99.93.  Not too shabby!The store is always very clean, and I discovered yesterday that their bathrooms are pretty close to spotless.  The only reason this store does not have 5 stars from me, was based on an experience with one of the staff yesterday.  We were looking for 100 proof vodka, and I had asked if they had Kihnu Mark or Viru Valge, Estonian vodkas.  I've had them before, and they are lovely, but I wasn't sure if they were 100 proof or not. (Turns out they aren't but that's ok)  The girl I asked was kind of abrupt with me "I don't have either of those."  I then asked her what kind of selection they had for 100 proof Vodka, and she pointed out a Smirnoff 100 proof.  We made a comment about it being better than Seagrams, and she scoffed, like we were SO wrong... can't fault a person for their tastes...if we prefer Smirnoff to Seagrams, don't say that we're wrong.  Ever.  THEN...we found a couple of 100 proof bottles, and tried to tell her, and she completely blew us off.  its like...hey, we wanted to show you that you DO have more than you showed us, so that the next time someone asks, you can show them the bottle of Absolut.  But, whatever...you don't want to enhance your customer's experience?  No problem.So.  That employee took a star away from my rating. I really love the store a lot.  The selection can't be beat, and the prices are pretty reasonable.  :D
2	I have been shopping at Total Wine and More, for the past two years since moving out to Henderson for graduate school. I love the selection of craft brews and know that every time I come I won't leave disappointed. The employees are helpful; they are always there to help me make an excellent selection.  My husband and I like it enough to have bought two growlers from you that we come in and fill bi-weekly. In fact I have, never had a negative incident in which the employee was anything less than stealer--until tonight. We came in and got the growler filled. Received help in selecting the brew from a tall, blond haired male, and then made our way to the register. Erica (based on the name on the receipt)--unfriendly lady with black hair and glasses was at the register. She never greeted us, never offered a smile, or a good evening instead, simply asked, "Do you want a bag?" Then she asked for my husbands ID--which since he just changed state residencies has been voided. We tried to avert the situation by stating at the beginning he has his passport. She said, "I need to see the drivers license." She didn't bother to give us the courtesy of even listening to us when we had stated earlier that it was punched. My husband handed his drivers license, and said, "I have my passport right here too." Erica then said, "I need to see your credit card, and passport." Then after he showed it to her, she turns and looks and me, and says, "because of that, I'm gunna need to see yours too." I told her I left my wallet in the car since my husband was paying for it. Without blinking she points to the door and says, "then you need to leave the store right now." I found this to be very offensive and rude. I've never been treated this way at ANY store before, and at 25 married, I hardly think I'm trying to be illegally in the store.  I'm assuming its protocol to require an ID for shopping at the store; however, the way Erica spoke, and the time and place in which she did it had no functional purpose other than spite. Especially after I've been a local and repeat customer for the past two years.My husband and I were both very offended at the mannerisms, tone, attitude and lack of customer service we were forced to experience because of your employee Erica.  I write this so that no one else has to experience what we had felt tonight. Henderson, has many other stores that we can choose to buy from, and unless this is dealt with, we will not be returning to Total Wine.
5	The staff here is the most helpful of any of the total wine stores on Vegas(or any total wine location I've ever been to). Don't read the written recommendations, ask for help. Recommendations are always spot-on!!! (this has never been the case at other locations... I've shopped at these stores for ~5 years)The champagnes and Bordeaux (and white Bordeaux) sections here are solid. They lack specialty/exotic wines such as torrentes and Chenin blanc, but they carry a few. Try the blanc de noirs champagne here (either Louis b or shrombourg(?)... Life-changing lol.
5	awesome growler stationgreat beer selection, the best I've seen anywhere actuallyprices are a bit cheaper for some products depending on what you are looking for.
4	Never thought I would have anything negative to say about this wonderful store. However they recently raise their cigar prices by approximately 33 percent. Will continue to shop here for wine and spirits but the cigars are off the table for now. Extremely disappointed. May I recommend to anyone who reads this you need cigars tried Jrcigar.com the best,largest and cheapest in the world. Yes the world.
4	I can best compare Total Wine & More to BevMo in California, but a BevMo the size of a Costco warehouse. My jaw dropped when I walked into Total Wine. Such a cool place, we spent an hour just walking around cruising the aisles. There was so much beer, wine and liquor I had never seen before, or in large bottle sizes worthy of Costco! There was a little bar area with taps where you could fill/refill your growler with some yummy craft suds. Too cool for school! I wanted to grab some cider, so we picked up a six pack of Woodchuck Fall Cider which came with a free frosted pint glass. Unfortunately, we never got to drink the cider before we headed back to the Bay Area due to a late night at Raku and a full schedule of eating and checking out Red Rock the day of our flight home. Cool place, great assortment, love the posted employee recommendations. One female employee recommended a TON of vodka. Her face and recommendations were posted in front of, like, six different vodkas. I was like, what the...??!, I just saw her face a few feet down the aisle!! Vodka fiend!Awesome store!
5	Love at first sight!!!!!!!I find all my alcoholic needs here in one awesome location. I am allergic to gluten so I prefer cider over beer. Their cider selection is fantastic. I kinda wish they carried limes and dairy but that's ok. I personally think their prices are better than Lee's Discount Liquor. You wanna create your own six pack of world beers, you can make it happen here. I love the option to buy single beers VS an entire pack. This allows you to taste things before you commit. Tell your friends!
5	I love this place. The store is large and has everything wine, spirits, domestic and international beers, they even brew their own beers, I'll have to try that next time. They also do wine tasting and I think beer tasting. Gotta to double check that. They also got snacks to go compliment your taste along with your type of drinks. The store is very clean and inviting. The staff are also friendly. The prices are good probably one of the best deals.  I would definitely be back !
5	Great options and friendly knowledgeable staff!
5	There is wine every direction you look. I'm surprised they don't have wine barrels hanging from the ceiling. If wine could be a library, this would be it. Like a bibliophile, even the most committed wine-a-holics would never be able to go through every single option in his or her lifetime. The best part of the aisles were the labels they placed on the shelves of wine that provided recommendations for top-selling brands in each wine flavor. It made the situation of selecting a bottle with friends who had no insight on wine and me with no expectations of what I wanted incredibly simple. We had decided and left with a bottle of Sauvignon Blanc in less than five minutes.There is also a wine bar in the middle designed for taste testings. I also bought delicious ICE brand sparkling water for my friends. They were very happy.
5	Your alcohol dreams have come true!  This store is your dream, if you want it, they have it, if they don't have it in stock they are nice enough to order it for you. They have wine tastings daily and even other liquor sampling on the the weekends.  We have been fortunate enough to be able to try some "other" sampling like tequila, mixed drinks, and even a martini tasting.  Each wine area is easily obtainable i.e. Merlot, moscato's, sparkling wines etc.  Huge signs guide your way.  Need that white wine chilled?  Well check out their wine fridge, they keep a large selection chilled for quick use. If you are into beer and not wine, well they've got you covered as well.  They even have a seasonal section!  Go team beer!The place is big and the employees are helpful.  My first time visiting one of these was in Reno, NV and it was a bit overwhelming but with a helpful employee who taught me the ropes I now can roam the isles with ease in the Henderson, NV store.Come, get your liquor on!
4	Came here on a sat morning to pick up a decanter on the way south... (laughlin)... This location, upon initial glance and short visit, seems much smaller than the one in Boca Park... I'm not sure if they are LONGER than the other location, but what i had saw near the front of the store, it was not that wide... Picked up a decent (heavy based) decanter for $15. Had to pick through the boxes because the front one had a bent corner (OCD and this was being raffled off so picked one that looked nice on the outside). Went in line to pay. got stuck behind someone who was picking up? their order and they were going through it really slow. Jumped to a different line and got out of there fast.
5	Always has anything you want!!! Staff is nice and friendly!
4	It reminds me of a Bev Mo.  Large with a very big selection but a little generic.  For wine I would give it 3 stars.  They're helpful but they haven't figured out my taste yet.  None of the recommended wines have been amazing.  They're not bad, but it hasn't been on target.  Its not a place I would come to learn about wine.  However, if you know what you want they may have it.For their liquor selection I would give it 4 stars.  They have a variety of single malt whiskeys and I found exactly what I was looking for.  Service is good but its hard to find someone's taste that you trust, especially when it comes to wine.  However, I would recommend coming here and checking out their selection.  Prices are on target.Beware of the parking lot if you have a shopping cart full of wine or alcohol.  It is on a small hill so your cart may roll.
5	Probably the best liquor store I've ever been to. When I went with Angela we came to purchase some of Angry Orchard's Iceman and they had a ton of it and other flavors of Angry Orchard we've never seen. We came on a Friday afternoon when they were offering free wine tasting. It was awesome. Why? They had 4 reds and 2 whites and I asked the lady how much I could taste. She totally encouraged me to taste as much as I wanted, implying that I should taste as much as I wanted. Yep, kinda crazy. Why go to a bar when I can come here!
4	My liver is telling me no!!! But my body, my body is telling me yes!!! So there's two Total Wine & More in the valley, one in Henderson and one in Summerlin. I live no where even close to one. Whoa I need another drink. For me, going to Total Wine & More is like when I go to Fry's Electronics and I have nothing to do that day, I'd spend hours there looking at everything. This is my liquor candy/toy store. It's certainly the largest liquor store I've ever been to and there's nothing but selves and selves full of alcohol. I wanna drink them all! They pretty much have anything you would want to wet your whistle with. Rums, whiskeys, tequilas, vodkas, wines, beers, all kinds of alcohol. Everything you'll need to get the party going, even the non-alcohol stuff. I know I know why!? Buy one, buy two, buy an armful, buy however many you need. They even have cigars too.The employees are helpful and knowledgeable when you can hunt one down.If they allowed it and my body could take I'd love to sample everything, I got a Saturday or Sunday to kill. But honestly I probably won't frequent here unless I was in the area cause I still have a lot of booze at home and there are a lot of liquor store between me and there.
1	I like the selection but good luck with the customer service. Employees are rude and not helpful at all. Had this experience more than once.
2	The two stars are for the large selection of product, however, they don't carry the one wine I usually buy. Perhaps they do but I wouldn't know since I can never get any service when I shop here. I stopped in tonight for a couple things since it's closer to me than Lee's on Sunset.  I walked past a few employees. Not one of them greeted me, not one of them asked if I needed help finding anything.  If you've ever shopped here you'd know this store is the size of an amusement park! Ok I'm being dramatic but it's damn big, of course I needed help! Lol. I will say that the cashier was very friendly, nonetheless I think I'll drive the extra few miles up Sunset to Lee's from now on.
5	Love this store!  Love the huge variety of every type of liquor, wine, beer and mixers! Employees are always very helpful!
4	I can't believe I've never stepped foot in this place until most recently! I felt like a kid in a candy store!! Seriously so many alcohol choices! Red wines, white wines, dessert wines, cooking wines, beers, hard liquor, OH MY!What got me is the whole aisle of Moscato, aka MY AISLE! Different years to choose from, they also had white or pink! Reasonable prices, especially for the different years of the wines.. I see myself going back here for my Moscato needs!
4	Best beer and wine selection in Vegas.  They also sell regular liquor at the ones here in the Vegas area, however not all locations in the country do so.  It depends on your state's liquor laws.  The prices in here are usually better than other stores.  Also, they have plenty of good people to answer questions on wine and beer.  I just wonder why the Total Wine in Rancho Cucamonga, California has Iron City Beer from Pittsburgh, and the ones here in Vegas do not?!  That is frustrating.  However, that is my only complaint.  It is a GREAT store!
1	This place was great until I went to the front of the store to check out and this black haired woman was rude to me for no reason. Worst woman in the store hope they fire her.
5	If you enjoy liquor, alcohol or anything inbetween than this is your go-to! They have the most expansive beer selection. So big it's quite hard to leave w/out at least 6 different beers to try. Their tequila selection was really nice too. Prices are reasonable. My wife was able to find a wine she had been looking for for about 2 years so that alone is 5 star worthy.This place is so big they've got a bar area that has Barleys on tap. They also have a classroom where they hold classes on beer or wine, etc. Aug 21st they're offering a beer class for $15/person. Might try to attend that if I'm available. Sounds interesting.
1	My wife and I really like this shop.... but!  Every time we come into this Henderson store there is a middle age, ponytail (sad)  sporting know-it-all employee that pounces on us every time, much like an aggressive used car salesman.Even though we have told him that we did not need or want his help at least a half dozen times, he still pounces. Last time in he just stared at us.  He creeps my wife out and I'm sick of the high pressure tactics.    Your selection and prices are good enough!! We have decided, sadly,  after a year of shopping, we will take our business elsewhere.
5	GREAT STORE!! Open, airy well-organized.  The employees there are are very cool, laid-back people.  If you need a 12 pack of beer, a nice bottle of wine for dinner or a very very expensive bottle of liquor for a very very special gift...look no further, because this place HAS IT ALL!CHEERS!!!
5	This place is great. They always have what I want and the employees are very helpful. Usually a dollar or two cheaper than Lee's.  Oh, and best of all, free samples!
4	Great selection of import & craft beers. If you are a cork dork get ready to spend some time perusing the depth of selection. More varieties of liquor than we have ever seen. We came for some very specific beers. They had multiple facings and hope they keep stocking the Franziskaner & Weihenstephaner they are amazing.
5	The best selection, prices & the staff are very knowledgable. They even have a free wine chiller!
4	I always make a point of stopping in whenever I'm in town.Sister and her husband love the wine selection.Me, nice Scotch selection, and at times, some really great prices.This last visit, nothing in the Scotch selection was "must have", but did load-up on some beers to take home with me. Huge selection of beers by the bottle, so, can build your own Whitman's sampler. Picked up a six-pack of beers I've never had before, and they already had some Christmas beers in stock, so, picked up my fave, Jubelale and Widmer's Brrrr.Lee's is also nice, closer to family's house if looking for convenience, but Total is a must for me when visiting.
5	I use to shop here quite a bit when I lived in Vegas. I ran into a snag a few weeks ago for a friends birthday gift & luckily Total Wine came to my rescue! Surprisingly enough you can order anything in stock online & put someone else's name for pick up. I managed to send my friend an expensive scotch within a few hours & look pretty awesome doing it, from 2000 miles away! Thanks for saving my butt, Total Wine!
3	Pros:Love the selection of wines.Clean and organizedPrices are greatCons: When my gf and I entered the store for the first time the other night, the "greeter" looked at us without welcoming us. An older couple walked in behind us and she smiled and welcomed them. I felt this was extremely rude. They should add tajin to their inventory. Our family and friends love to add this to our beers.
5	THIS PLACE IS AWESOME!   So I purchased a growler of hard cider it was so good I had to  go back and get it refilled and purchased a second growler.I would recommend this place to every one.  The only thing is the the road work on Warm Springs is a joke, so go before rush hours 4:30pm to 6:30pm......great prices on Wine and specialty Beer and it has all the hard spirits you want!
5	Sorry Lee's! I only visited this store for the first time recently but wish I had sooner!!  The supply of wines and spirits will boggle your mind.  I never knew there were so many different kinds of everything and it is all separated into sections that are nicely labeled, gins, vodkas, wines by regions etc.  I have tried some new things I never heard of and love the fact that I can buy almost any beer by the can to try it out first!!!  I could spend hours in this store just looking at everything!  They also sell mixers, sodas, barware, snacks, and the little bottles of spirits can be bought by the dozen for a discount.  Easy parking out front too!  Great prices.  they have bargain priced bottles up to the fantastically expensive, all price ranges to suit anyone.
