5	At my house, we've ordered from possibly every delivery shop that will bring food to our door.  And in the sandwich department, nothing tops Jimmy John's in my book.  The sandwiches are big, cheap, and delicious.  The delivery has to be the fastest of ANY delivery service.  We call them and have had the food in as little as 15-20 minutes.  Everyone that works there, from the person who takes our order to the delivery driver, are much friendlier than they ever need to be.  I hate places that don't have online ordering, but I don't mind when I have to call this Jimmy John's to order.  Thanks, Crystal!
1	Okay.  I have to rank this location low.  We ordered from this location for lunch today and I was looking forward to getting my #5 Vito on white.  We got our orders, they made a mistake on one of the orders (gave the wrong sandwich) and on my #5, it had tuna salad on it.  It was a little bit, but it made the sandwich smell like tuna.  The #5 is an Italian Sub so it was ruined.  It was also soaking with oil and vinegar.  We were very disappointed.  We miss our Charleston location.
3	Upgrade of a poorboy sandwhich. For the Garganiuan is was $7.50 and was about 6 inches long. tasted like lunch meat. $5 @ subway or $8 @ Capriottis would have been better choices. The staff was outstanding. There were like 8 people working in the small sandwhich shop? I would rather the money spent went into the food instead of extra staffing.
5	Sandwiches. My favorite food group. As a recent transplant into Las Vegas, I was briefed on Jimmy Johns (@jimmyjohns) on some friends with Indiana ties.I popped in for a sandwich one day, and my life has never been the same. Yeah. It's a chain. Who cares. It's damn good. And it's VERY affordable. Most sandwiches are about $5. With better quality than the "public transportation" of sandwiches.All the sandwiches are the same size. Order by number, which is great for the indecisive (like me). My favorites here are the Beach Club, The Gargantuan and the Vito.You can't go wrong. Also, if you like pickles, order one. It's a giant kosher, sliced to your perfection.My only advice is to ask your sandwich person to cut the sandwich in half. You may want to take some home.Lastly, you can also buy their day-old bread, which is equally amazing. Go. Now. Please.
4	So good that I ate here for lunch AND Dinner! I'm not sure if you've ever had the same thing from the same place twice in one day, but perhaps when you do, you'll realize that it was a really good sandwich. Besides, think of the savings you get when you reuse the same soda cup you bought the first time you went in. Be warned though, you may get a bit of a dirty look from the owner for doing so.. Even if you've just plopped down money for two meals from the same place.. We were hitting the road back to Los Angeles and since we sandwiched a game of Mini golf between lunch and when we were going to be on the open road, we figured we would take a sandwich for the five hour drive back and when you're looking for good sandwiches, you look to Jimmy John's. Even though you think Hawt Dawwwwwgs or deep dish pizzas when you think of Chicago, they should also have another popular item added to their list of great foods to come out of there.. Jimmy John's. Really fresh sandwiches that have a good portion of meat and some great combination. Service is great and the food is really really affordable. Subway may make the claim of $5 subs, but you really come through in the pinch and produce some amazing sandwiches. Not to mention all your signs in the place are witty as all hell. Though, come on, owner dude. Why the scoffed look when I was refilling my soda? I just dropped a good $30 on your place for both lunch and dinner, within an hour and a half. You can't spare the soda syrup for a long drive back?  Think of it this way, instead of me sitting outside eating my LUNCH sandwich, I went to play indoor mini-golf in the building next to yours before coming back and buying road Dinner.
4	Love the roll, meat us very good, and you can add oil, vinegar, spices etc. However, for the love of god will you PLEASE get regular dill pickle chips for the sandwiches.  I know you can get a whole kosher pickle, but I like the dark green dills!  The hunter club and the porker are my favs.
2	This is the first time I've been to this Jimmy Johns location and I have to say that I'm pretty disappointed in what I got. First off, the bread was stale and not like the soft Jimmy John bread that I know. Secondly, I had the tuna which was tasteless and really watery. Most definitely not the best tuna sandwich I've ever had and maybe even the worst. Perhaps the tuna sandwich isn't the way to go for Jimmy's but as far as their quality of food, this location needs to step up their game.
4	Jimmy John's....why did it take so long for me to find you?  I've heard so much about this place and for some reason have never eaten at one of there joints until the other day.After browsing the menu, I opted for a #5 Vito Italian Sandwich (Genoa Salami, Provolone, Capicola, Onion, Lettuce, Tomato & Italian Vinaigrette) and a bag of Jalapeno Chips & Soda.....another Soda Fountain got to me....they have Mello Yello Soda here....never tried it before, so I had to give it a shot.The Sandwich was made really fast, they handed me the Sandwich while I was paying for the food....wow!  I anxiously unwrapped the Sandwich and was pleased to see a large Sandwich.  As soon as I took the first bite, I became an instant fan.  The Italian Bread was soft and was definitely the highlight of the Sandwich.  The Meats and toppings were very good too, but the Bread made this Sandwich special.  It was doughy and went well with the Meat, Italian Vinaigrette and Veggies.....it some ways it reminded me of the Subs/Grinders I've had on the East Coast.Will I return?  You can count on it!
3	This location of Jimmy John's is a regular lunch stop when I am working in the Northwest. Clean shop, friendly staff, quick service.I love turkey, I don't like ham or super salty meats (read: Italian meats) on my sandwiches (except bacon of course!). Jimmy John's has a nice selection of sandwiches with turkey on them. Here are my faves:Turkey Tom - simple...turkey, cheese, regular fixinsBeach Club - turkey, cheese, avo, cukes, sprouts...a California Girl's sandwich dreamClub Lulu - turkey, bacon, regular fixinsBootlegger - turkey, roast beef, regular fixinsFresh ingredients, good portion of meat (for me), lots of veggies, extra peppers please! Quality sandwich place.
2	I had tuna it was ok
5	I would give this place 6 stars if I could. If your looking for a quality, inexpensive, healthy meal this is your place. Its quick, they are always very friendly, and their bread is amazing. Its about the same price as subway only the bread is a million times better and the ingredients aren't all limp. The only thing that I don't like is sometimes they deliver to my house, and other times they tell me "they don't deliver out in my area." Well I live about a miles away from there and if you have delivered 10 times and I've tipped very well you would come again? Oh well the drive is worth it!
4	Have been here at least 5 times since my last review.  Since then I've discovered the #9 Italian Club (Genoa Salami, Capicola, Smoked Ham, Provolone Cheese, Lettuce, Tomato, Onion, Mayo, Italian Vinagrette, $5.75) and add Hot Peppers $.25.I can't get over how fast they make Sandwiches here....seriously, it takes them like 1 to 2 minutes max.  The Italian Club Sandwich has become my new favorite......it's full of flavor and filling.  I love the Hot Peppers....wish I could buy them at the store to take home.  The proportion of meat, cheese, and ingredients is perfect.  This is becoming one of my favorite Sandwich joints.Return Factor - 90%
4	Today was one of those days where I look in the fridge at my frozen dinners.. Then I look in the cabinets at my cans of soup... and say f*ck it. I'm going to try something new. Enter Jimmy Johns. In GA, they just recently started opening shops, but none of them where near enough to where I lived and worked for me to actually try it. First off, the website is awesome. Their nutrition calculator lets you choose the toppings, add/subtract things from the sandwich, and even choose a lettuce wrap instead of bread. It gives you the complete nutrition info, instead of just calories. Yay!I got the country club unwich (lettuce wrap) with turkey and ham, and sat patiently waiting for the delivery boy. The delivery time said somewhere between 11 and 11:30; the boy showed up at 11:02. Nice!The sandwich was delicious, despite it's lack of bread, and super healthy.. because of the lack of bread. Oh, and it's cheap! 6.50 for the sandwich, plus whatever yout tip. Will definitely order from them again.
4	When there's no food at home, I hit up Jimmy John's for a good ol #10 Hunter's Club (Roast Beef Sandwich) with Dijon Mustard. Can't go wrong with it as long as you like beef. Well, except they messed up the sandwich once by adding onions to it for some reason. Raw onions = -1 star.
5	Quick and scrumptious.
4	Does Flash Gordon work here? Their sandwiches were ready in a nano-second, alright, scratch that. It probably took about a minute or 2 but that was still faster than any sandwich place I've ever been to. My galpal and I were in quite a rush to get back home because we had some errands to do and were debating really quick whether to try out the firehouse subs or this. When she told me they're known for their speed, I did not hesitate to jump on the bandwagon. Here I ordered a Turkey Tom for my mother. We were brought into this vintage diners restaurant and a sweet aroma of deli deliciousness. It cost me roughly $5 which wasn't bad at all. According to my mother, the sandwich was pretty filling, too much mayonaise though so if any of you are watching your diet, better request to have a tad bit of mayo scraped off. Overall, the quality was good, service was fast and workers were accomodating. Will definitely come back to check out their Totally Tuna sandwich next time, per my galpal's recommendation!
2	Firstly, I really do love Jimmy Johns and their sandwiches. The problem is, if you cat actually get one, then what is the point of patronizing the joint. I usually stop in once a week as I have errands to run over there on a regular basis. This is the third time in the last 6 months or so that they are out of bread at between 1 and 1:30 in the afternoon. I wonder how many times they have actually run out. I know the bread is baked fresh, but they can't plan that poorly, can they?  If its a case of them only baking so many loafs for a day and when they are out, thy are out, I'm fine with that. All I ask is that you tell me. That way if I have meetings schedule that will put me there when you don't have bread I can plan accordingly. Not that it will do any good, but I'm going to have to not patronize this JJ and maybe all for the next 60 days as that is truly my only voice.  Maybe they'll miss my money, maybe they won't. I hope the situation is that business is so good they just can't keep up with demand and my non-patronage is a non-factor. Maybe it was the perceived lack of sincerity or maybe had they offered a free or half-off sub the next time I came in. Maybe I'm just having a less than stellar day, although I did make every green light on the way to work today and that was the indicator I things to come. Who knows, but I really wanted a JJ sub today and settled for Carls Jr.which just didn't cut it.
4	I think I have been in love with JJ's since I was around 19... I used to swear up and down their bread had crack in it since it was so addicting. I was there a couple of days ago though and was saddened that the turkey tom no longer had alfalfa in it bc of the constant problem with alfalfa recalls. Damn e. coli I tell  ya! Gets you every time.  Go for the bread. And the mayo.
5	Top 3 favorite sandwich place for me.
2	Generally I like Jimmy John's quite a bit. The sandwiches, for the price you're paying, plus the speed at which you get them make them ideal for a quick lunch pickup when you're on the run. That being said, when the cleanliness of the establishment is questionable, it makes me think twice about eating there. In the case of this particular Jimmy John's a pervading mildew-like smell hits me every time I walk in this place. If I had to guess, I'd say it was the water/cleaning product solution and the old rags and/or mops they use to clean the place (or stink up, as the case may be.) The result is a pungent sour smell which permeates then entire shop. Needless to say, I have no interest in eating at a place that smells this bad. Also, in case you're wondering, no, this was not a one-time occurrence. I used to visit this JJ quite often until the smell got so bad it made me lose my desire to ever eat here again.
3	I was expecting this place to be bomb.... instead i got a sandwich that i could have just made at home for a quarter of the price.
2	Can I start this review with a little emoesque touch.... I am sad... To say the least. I hear from every direction that jimmy johns is #1, the best, the winner, the best looking, best smelling, moi guapo, the sexiest sandwich this side of the Rio grand and for that I say to you all, I am glad that none of you happened to be my wing man in my younger days. This place was T-T-T-Terrible. Pulling up to this joint I was curious if the recommendations would pay off and at first glance I thought yes it would. I mean pulling up to place that has a bright neon sign that clearly says Free Smells seems comical and like they had something up their sleeves. Open the door and POW you are hit with the smell of Pickles and floor cleaner but I can look past that so I take a quick look at the menu and decide to grab a gargantuan, the wife figured you can go wrong with a BLT and the kids would kick down a turkey and cheese. I know that the order sounds pretty ordinary and seems pretty easy to achieve greatness, unfortunately that was not the case. After waiting in the cramped quarters for our sandwiches we sat down to see what the jimmy johns hype is all about and that first bite was like the moment your parents popped your favorite balloon and all the air shot out of it and you felt completely let down. Okay so that might be a little much and if it felt like that then you may want to be checked for daddy issues but I assure you it was not good. I was hungry so I dealt with my sandwich but my wife asked me to try her BLT and see if I thought the bacon was no good or something and even though I thought for a second that she was over reacting and in my mind I mumbled, " come on Hun, bacon is bacon" as I took a bite I began to scream in my mind, " What the hell is that, it is definitely not bacon". so first thing was first she stripped the bacon out of her sandwich and decided to pull a piece of turkey out of the kids sandwich and transform her BLT to a turkey sandwich in hopes for a better experience but the issue was that the turkey sandwich had only one slice of meat and we couldn't just give the kids a bread sandwich now could we. I don't want to turn this into a 100% rant but unfortunately to all of you Jimmy Johns Lovers that I know, please warn me before we hand out next time.... I'll grab Subway. I'm sorry was that a low blow, Well sometimes the truth is like a kick in the metaphorical nutts.
4	Only took them 11 minutes to deliver our order. Pretty good sandwiches! I do like capriotti's better though.
1	Ugh. Got the Italian Night Club to go. Asked for the mayo and dressing on the side. Was told they are not able to do that. They have no Dixie cups. Really? They finally found something to put it in. Shouldn't have bothered anyway. Was just oil n vinegar. Made my own dressing at home. Bun was a glorified hot dog bun. Smh.
3	we ordered 3 sandwiches and we asked for the dressing on the side and they said they could not do that. they were not allowed to have dixie cups so they had to put it in a cup.
2	Pretty much the most 'blah' sandwich I've ever had. this place makes subway look like gourmet. I ordered a veggie, was not given a choice of bread just a plain white roll was used. when asked what my cheese options were "Provolone and provolone" Uh, okay. And I don't like mayo but love yellow mustard. "we only have Dijon" .........my sandwich is literally white roll, Provolone cheese, lettuce,tomato, avocado, Dijon mustard and... yeah that's it. $7 for a meal I could be digging a footlong at subway right now with 5 different cheese varieties. Pass.
2	This place sucks for delivery. I thought jimmy johns was supposed to be fast... Waited almost 40 mins for them. Note to self: never used them again.
5	I love Jimmy John's the way you love whatever it is you really love. It was one of those situations where I left the grocery store and thought, "well, I have all this food to cook later, but I gotta eat now!" Enter JJs. Seriously, the service at this particular JJs what exactly the way every place ought to be: quick, really friendly staff, and provided me with delicious food in minutes. I ordered the Beach Club, which I am convinced is one of the best sandwiches ever made (like The Bobbie). Everything about the sandwich screams quality: perfectly-baked bread, good amount of turkey, a good serving of avocado... and the vegetables were good, too. I try to stay away from sandwich places because you never know what kind of ingredients they're using (the Subway lettuce, for example, is not the business). But with this place? None of that -- it's all good.
5	I haven't been here in a good year because I moved to California, but Jimmy Johns is as good as it gets. I worked nearby and we ordered delivery pretty regularly and it was always really fast and DELICIOUS. Never had anything less than great service (at least at this location). I miss Jimmy Johns so much...please open a location in San Diego!
5	I literally ate here so much that my boyfriend made me stop going. That is how much I love their veggie sandwiches and I have been SO over Subway since 1994. Subway just never had much to offer me in the way of a cheese sandwich because:  gross!I basically expected their veggie to be a huge gigantic letdown in that way you do when you are a vegetarian and have to order the "obligatory veg" meal at a place that your meat eater friends eat. Not only was my mouth surprised by the OMG yummy, but Jimmy John's sandwiches are filling in a way that Subway is not for a vegetarian. Maybe its because they put more than one slice of cheese on it, maybe its because they spread awesome avocado sauce all over it and don't charge extra. Who knows, who cares. All you need to know is NOM NOM Down the hatch!!!As for this particular location, they started to know me and know my order. Call me old fashioned, but I like that! The service is almost always great and my food is consistently yummy. What more could I really ask for besides a Jimmy John's closer to where I live?
5	I run a summer camp down the street and jimmy johns delivers 3 platters every Tuesday and Thursday. Their sandwiches are amazing and they are always on time. Highly recommend it.
4	Every time I've come here it's during my 30 minute lunch break.  They are so fast, it's almost why I default to them if I don't bring my lunch.  Their vegetarian sandwich is really good as well as their sandwich with roast beef.  I don't count calories but I do try to stay on top of how much sodium I consume; when I looked up the nutritional facts for their sandwiches, they were ridiculous.  Most of the sandwiches averaged 1200 calories.  It doesn't bother me, but I'm just sayin' for those people that are concerned.  It's also super cheap!  My favorite sandwich shop. :)
5	Just like any other JJ's, this location features super fast service! Sandwiches are done immediately after you pay and typically before I'm even able to fill my drink. The sandwiches are delicious as well and this has been one of my favorite sub franchises for years. I didn't know this location was here until yesterday and I'm happy I found it because the old one I used to go to on Charleston/Rancho doesn't seem to be there anymore. This is the next closest one. My favs are the Turkey Tom and the Vito (if you like Italian subs)
1	I used to love the veggie sandwiches here until I found out what I was supporting by eating here. Jimmy John is one of those people that use their money for evil. He pays a lot of the money that comes from this chain to go to Africa and shoot exotic animals. Beautiful elephants and cheetahs. Google it if you need to see for yourselves. Sandwiches are not that damn good. I'm disgusted. Boycott JJ.
1	Awful. Just awful. Absolutely awful-- and I like Jimmy Johns. Went to this location to order my usual sandwich (the only way I've eaten a deli/sub sandwich for the last 25 years) of turkey and provolone absolutely dry nothing on it. Get home and I think everything plus some is on this thing. Called up to let them know and the manager asked what I did order versus what I got- told him and he laughed then asked "are you sure you ordered that??" BUDDY IM SUPER PICKY AND THIS IS THE ONLY WAY IVE AT A SANDWICH FOR THE LAST 25 years?!?!? His response was "we can't verify you placed your order correct, we can give you a discount next time you come in". SERIOUSLY?!?! As if I am making the mistake of giving you 8 bucks again to give me something I did not order! THE WORST SERVICE EVER!!!!!!!!!!!
4	Clean, simple, easy and very good sandwiches! A nice other choice for sandwich fare. The salt n vinegar chips are tangy and good! The #12 sandwich very tasty - nice to have alfalfa sprouts for sandwiches!
5	This is by far my favorite jimmy johns, thanks to two of its wonderful employees Greg and Myles. They made my sandwiches freaky fast and their customer service was amazing, I was only there for a short time but I had a blast! I will definitely be returning to this jimmy johns and will recommend it to all my friends in the area!! Great job!!!!!
5	Super fast delivery is an understatement.  I order lunch at least once a week. Rarely does it take more then 10mins to get to me. Always made how I like it and never any problems.
5	I went to this location and the staff was amazing.  I am eating clean and I wanted an healthier option.  The entire staff were involved in helping me choose wat sandwiches would be a better choice.  I love excellent!  Customer service.
5	What makes this Jimmy John's great is the people that work there. Its a Jimmy Johns, it tastes good and is made and/or delivered outrageously fast. That's great, but the people here are very upbeat and pleasent. That sets them apart. Also I went in last night to pickup a online order and my girlfriend wanted to use the bathroom, the bathroom was flooded. No big deal, shit happens. The guy on the register gave us a free cookie just for the trouble. This is how you keep customers coming back folks! Thank you, you anonymous sandwhich wizards.
3	The staff is friendly and quick to make the food. But as far as the food goes it's not worth the money. The bread is very thin and hard and the sandwiches are very plain and lacking in flavor.
5	I freaking love jimmy johns. I always order online and pick it up 10 min later. Best sandwich is #12 the beach club! Best turkey sandwich EVER! No one compares. Plus the staff there are the friendliest. I though I processed my order online but I forgot to complete it, I barely waited 4 minutes and I was out the door! Thank you jimmy johns! You guys are the best
3	I frequent this location as it is close to my house. I happen to love the Italian sandwich and it's cheap too!  However, you better like it just the way they make it (and that's with or without peppers) as you can't get it any other way. I like hot peppers on my Italian sandwiches but only in small doses so I asked for them in the side so I can ease my wuss self into the pepper zone properly but....can't get em or anything on the side when it comes to the sandwich. You can't add mayo if it doesn't normally come with mayo.  Ok, now I still like the Italian without the peppers too but my kids, they don't like all that stuff on their sandwiches.  Well guess what?  Can't customize sandwiches at all, so you gotta order a "slim" which is meat and cheese and bread. I asked for a slim with mayo, nope....but they can give you a mayo packet to apply the mayo yourself.  Okay....Now,back to the fact that all sucks...the taste of the sandwich and cost of the sandwich are good, thus earning three stars. Plus they are turbo fast at getting the sandwich into your hand (because....no changes)!  You dint get a sack or napkins unless you ask, but that's no big deal I guess.For better tasting sandwiches at higher price and longer wait, try Capriottis or which wich.  It all depends on your budget and time available
2	Sandwiches at Jimmy's place.With a nice hangover And a belly that needed to be reload of normal food, we headed over to Jimmy johns for some much needed sustenance.Now I've been to JJ before and I've had a few great experiences but this time I was a little disappointed. Ordering the Beach club sandwich I found the bread to be dry, a little unusual but meh I plowed on, getting through the sandwich I really found it to be really bland and not to the JJ standards that I had experienced before. Maybe it was a off day for JJ and myself but I will try them again but I won't go out of my way when you got quite a few good places in such close proximity!!!!
5	Recently I ordered subs for my managers at work and myself. Being a vegetarian I make sure to request no mayo and always order their veggie sub. However, when I got my order the sub I got had mayo as well as a pile of meat. I called the store and spoke with general manager PETE NEWTON who was very apologetic about the mishap. Not only did he replace the sub with the correct one, but he also took care of my managers and I for lunch the following day. The outstanding customer service I received, the quick delivery, as well as, the incredibly delicious sandwiches will keep me ordering from their store in the future. I now keep their menus on hand all over the office and when I'm ordering several of the office staff typically order something also. Thank you PETE NEWTON for your generosity. It was much appreciated and you will always have a customer in me.
2	If you want a sandwich that'll make your blood pressure go up, this is the place for you. This is the location close to my office and so if I want something quick without having to drive, I end up giving them a call. For the past few years, they've been good at making my blood boil...and I keep giving them a chance. "Jimmy will change"...NO! Keep dreaming!Ordering on the phone is quite painful as their order takers can't hear. "It's too loud in the store" yet I don't hear background noise. Investing in a good phone might help. When they write your credit card number/ name/  address/ phone number - they can never get it right. "We tried calling you multiple times because your credit card won't go through." It helps if you call the right number and most credit cards have 16 digits. This leads to not having a receipt for you.There were times I had to wait a long time for a delivery when it's only a 2-minute drive away. "The driver got lost"...really? GPS for less than half a mile?However, I do like their sandwiches better than say Quizno's or Subway. I normally get: Bootlegger's Club, Hunter's Club, Turkey Tom. You have the option to just have the meat and bread (Slims) or not have the bread at all (Unwich).
1	I love JJ's! My husband and I have also been to this particular JJ's over 20+ times but today would be our last time.My husband was attempting to order a sandwich but he wanted it in a wrap so the person taking his order had to adjust the check..they then told him that the wrap is a lettuce wrap not a tortilla wrap so he attempted to explain what he want while the "manager/supervisor" got frustrated/furious! He cut my husband off, rolled his eyes and proceeded to try and tell him "what you got to do.."My husband asked him if he had a problem because he was rolling his eyes. The supervisor then told him to leave the store or he was going to call the cops! Are you freaking kidding me?! Who does that? Shame on you Jimmy John's for hiring such an unprofessional and inconsiderate person!We will miss you.
5	Jusy ordered from here I got the pepe, chips, soda, and a cookie!! The sandwich was simple but totally awesome and the cookie was ro die for! First time ordering hereand the delivery time was very fast and I am super pleased with service will be ordering again!!!
3	Not bad, but not Capriotti's.
