4	I was very impressed with this store. We came here to find a gift for my fella's dad for Christmas. We were in a hurry since they would be out of town for the holiday so we needed to get the gifts to his entire family before they left this weekend. We were looking for some walking shoes and the store associate went above and beyond trying to help us with our request. He was incredibly friendly and offered every possible solution in finding the right gift in the size and width that we required. He helped us find exactly what we were looking for and my fella's dad was incredibly happy with his present.
3	Decent selection. I run in 990s but since a few months ago NB only make 993s or is it the other way around?I came in looking for a replacement, but the guy that "helped" me out seemed to be too concentrated on organizing the rest of the shoes before helping me. I get it, you're doing something but If i'm standing there looking at you don't you think I need something?Either way, cheaper shoes if you like New balance.
4	Truthfully not the greatest selections of men's shoes but hey come on, it's an outlet store & they aren't going to carry all the exclusive styles & colors. So being realistic, the choices aren't that bad but they're priced pretty good. I myself am a huge fan of the 574 New Balances because they're a simple clean light weight shoe. And the price at $49 is hard to pass up. The staff is friendly & courteous without breathing down your next every 3 mins, yet available if you have questions & need help. New Balance shoes gets a 4 star from me simply because I think Nikes can be overpriced & over rated, and especially when I'm not in the mood to buy $150+ shoes lol.
4	There really is not much to say about a show store beyond the obvious fact that they sell shoes.  At the New Balance outlet store I was able to find the exact shoe I was looking for and in quick time.  The only problem I had was that my size was placed high upon a shelf beyond the reach of my long arms.  Had it not been for my short legs I think I could have reached the box.  It was a customer service rep who was able to help me in this time of need.  And he was not the only one who offered assistance.  At least two others asked if I needed anything or if I was finding everything OK.  It was more assistance than I needed at the time but it is good to know it is there.  I used to buy my New Balance shoes at Bass Pro Shops when they went on sale.  But now that I know this store is around I can come in anytime and likely find what I need and more for a discounted price.
4	I fell in love with a pair of NB sneakers I had bought for work, well they have moved on to a new style and version. I couldn't find my size on the internet anywhere to buy. But lo and behold we have an outlet store and they carry some old styles. So I bought myself another pair of my beloved oldies but goodies and a different pair I fancied. And they were priced great 50$ a piece, I was happy. Staff was helpful, don't be afraid to ask if you don't see your size, they have some in the back. They also sell some clothes too.I should be good on sneakers for a while, I hope!
4	I was disappointed on the shoes I was told to purchase on Monday. Decided to return my shoes but after speaking to the manager I realized he was very experienced with knowing the right shoe that would be ideal for the type of workout I was doing and knew a lot about plantar facittis. I'm very satisfied and after wearing the shoes and insets I don't have severe pain. The manager is amazing and has great bedside manners, great customer service.
4	Now that is customer service. Even at a busy outlet mall. there was enough staff on hand to help everyone in there looking around. They even took the time to look online for where he could find the shoe in his size since they didn't have it in stock. Bonus points since it wasn't even a company site but zappos.com We will be going back here to see if they have our sizes in stock the next time we need a new pair.
5	My SO thought I was in need of some new workout shoes so he surprised me with six pairs from NW.  I know my running and minimalist shoes size can vary so I made a trip to the store to exchange a couple.  I had never been here before.  It's definitely outlet style, no frills, just product.  I really didn't even look around because Treveece greeted me upon entering and I told him that since they were a gift from my SO I really wanted to just exchange the sizes and not the styles.  Just to be on the safe side I brought in all six just to verify that my sizing was correct.  I didn't want to be in the middle of a boot camp or a track workout and start experiencing foot pain.Traveece was really helpful and knowledgeable about what shoes would be best for particular workouts.  Obviously, patient too since I did wind up exchanging three pair for size and just verifying the other three were the right size.  I've got a chance to wear a couple of the shoes but so far so good!  I plan to come back soon to check out their clothing options.  Also a plus this store is located toward the South end of the center with an entrance from the parking lot.  Shoe prices are around $40 to $60.
3	So as a footwear "enthusiast" I've been rocking NBs for the longest -- the comfort in their shoes my opinion stlll remains among one of the best when it comes to casual walking, hanging out and of course running. Thanks to good ole' pops when I was a youngin' I always wondered why he wore these funky grey running shoes. It wasn't until perhaps my days in college where plenty of walking was done did I realize that these were truely magical shoes! Ha! Anyhow back to the Factory Store, its all done in typical store fashion with women on one side Guys on another. For dudes I saw a number of 547 types and 999s, technical and casual apparel with some additional shoes in the rear of the store interspersed with brands that I assume are also owned by New Balance. Prices are okay when compared to retail but if you sneakerheads know where to look online then there's better deals to be had for sure.
