1	I read some bad reviews about Papago Plating but thought I would give them a try anyway. I should have trusted my instinct and not allow them to chrome plate my bumpers on my 1950 Chevy that I am restoring. They did very lousy work, poor craftsmanship. You can see the weld marks, they use very little chrome and the bumpers are all chipped up when they return them back o you. They wrapped em in bubble wrap to try and cover up the flaws but once I got home and unwrapped them I was very disappointed in their work. I paid $600 bucks for two bumpers and it looks like only one light coat of chrome, I need to send them out to Tuscon to get them dipped right, I just threw away $600 bucks. Don't trust that old man at Papago, he might have been good at one time, but their work sucks right now.
2	In the past I had tried another place to have some parts re-chromed. 6 weeks later, they hadn't even started the job, so I was willing to try Papago because of my horrible experience with the other spot. This was slightly better, but not by far. I am starting to realize that this type of business plays by it's own rules... Deadline is an unknown word, and on time is a foreign concept. Work was supposed to due on the 20th, and on the 2nd of the next month, I picked up the item the day they called and said it was ready. To boot, the item looked really crappy. The front office was filthy, like it hadn't been cleaned in... OK... Looked like it had never been cleaned. Ever. So, if anyone knows a place for re-chroming, that is reliable, on time, and does a good job, let me know. I'm not holding my breathe!
5	Took my girlfriends glock slide here to have it chromed. They were extremely helpful and knowledgable about how to properly chrome/engrave her glock as to not compromise it's functionality. Very competitive pricing and finished the job twice before they had promised. Yes the front office is dirty but I did not go here for lunch. I would recommend them!
1	I was excited when I bought my project car. Hey, it was in pretty good shape for its vintage and it's very rare. I did need to have the bumper chromed as they were off a late mid century Japanese car. These cars where not known for their sturdy materials, every knows that. Well, I decided to put all my faith in the folks over at Papago and it turned out to be a massive blunder. Well, they probably did their best. But, their best isn't good enough to restore your dream. Hey, if you need a tub faucet done, go to them. In addition to a filthy location, you'll get some rudeness, a lot of lateness (and a few "We'll have it tomorrow afternoons") and then, when they botch the job, they'll tell you it was the material they had to work with? Really, the same material that I brought to you weeks before and asked you to make perfect? The material?So, now I have to live with this substandard job and take it to a real restoration place, one that knows what they're working with and won't blame the material for their botched work. I gave them a 1 ranking, after all, they get me SOMETHING back. Nothing I want, but it is something. Email me, I'll show you the kind of work they did for me.
5	I brought my Moen white/ brass roman tub spout to be refinished brushed nickel to match my recently updated bathroom fixtures. Unfortunately, I discovered after leaving the tub project for last, Moen no longer makes a replacement for older spouts. My only options were to replace the entire tub and fixtures for $1000, keep the old fixtures that clashed with the new ones or have the spout re-plated.I was reluctant to use Papago Plating after reading some of the reviews on Yelp, but went ahead with the order anyway. If you are looking for immaculate antiseptic officethis may not be the place for you. However, the business looks like a typical small job-shop one might find anywhere. The lady that waited on me was very pleasant, knowledgeable and accurate with the final cost and completion date. It took one week and only cost $42.  Wow! Papago Plating did a fantastic job. The spout matches the new tub handles perfectly.
1	Went to Papago Plating because there were only a few places in town that could do the brass plating I needed. The project was simple, just needed to brass plating done on a name plate for a showcar. The first time I picked up the piece the brass plating was already flaking off. The edges were bare lacking any plating at all. And to make it worse they even DRILLED through one of the smallest pieces so they could plate it without contacting me to see if that was ok. I asked to have it redone and the older guy that works the counter just kept saying "Well it's not going to come out any better anyway." I asked them to redo the last tiny piece that they had drilled through, again the old man was very reluctant. Today, I tried to go pick up the piece hoping the nightmare was over but instead after waiting about 5 minutes in the office I was told to come back on Monday. I'm pretty sure they lost it. I'm definitely going to find a new place to get my projects plated and I suggest you do too.  Save your money and STAY AWAY FROM THIS PLACE!Their customer service is terrible, they are rude and never on time. The work is shoddy at best. As others mentioned too, the shop is dirty and unorganized, I have no idea how they keep their business.
