4	Norma, my 91 year old friend, goes here every Tuesday morning for breakfast with other residents of the care center where she lives.  She has raved about it for the longest time so I finally broke down and went with her.  It had been ages since I gone to a Village Inn restaurant and the thought really didn't appeal to me.I had no complaints about how the french toast with banana and strawberries was fixed.  They certainly served enough of the toppings that no syrup was necessary-fine with me as the latter is much to sweet for me.  The servers as a whole were just nice-ready to serve a relaxed dinner-no hurrying you to finish.No, it wasn't a gourmet experience.  I do realize that going to this restaurant took me back to a more carefree time in my life when we'd go out to eat before an evening at a play, maybe dancing, or whatever.  Just hanging out with friends, getting to be a little foolish, and generally having a server that could deal with it.  Maybe I need more of that in my life these days.  I will go back.
3	Village Inn does a nice job with breakfast in the mornings, as well as lunch.Our little group comes here once a month.  We've always enjoyed our food and the service is very good and friendly.  Today was a good example.  One of us had the egg white omelet, fruit and whole wheat pancakes (see photo).  Another had the "Pick 2 for $2.00 value meal" (photo). while someone else had the Country sausage & eggs (photo) on a whole wheat english muffin with grapefruit juice.  Admittedly, the coffee is somewhat basic, but good.As you can see from the photos, Village Inn does a nice business with the Pies and cakes.The tab ran us about $8.50 each, before taxes and tip.  I would recommend looking for coupons in the Sunday Arizona Republic.  It works for us.  Enjoy!
5	We went to this village inn because the pies looked so good but didn't expect much from it. But I have to say it was GREAT, clean and very friendly staff.it looks like the whole place was just remodeled  so the inside looks MUCH better than the outside. We loved the food, it was fresh and very delicious. And the pies were AWESOME best pie EVER!!!! We WILL go back soon :) I totally recommend this place!!!!
1	Listening to a waitress talk about her kids going number 2 to the people in the booth behind us was unpleasant, and so was the manager standing on top of us trying to apologize.
4	Our family has gone here a quite a few times for breakfast and their Friday fish fry. Breakfast items can be hit or miss here but their lunch items are always yummy. For some reason, the lunch items are just much more filling and the breakfast items always leave me feeling a slight bit ripped off (due to price versus quality and amount). Weekend mornings can get crazy here so I try and shoot for a breakfast around 9 Am to avoid the huge crowd.Friday fish fry is BOMB! The fish is fresh (not frozen) and never greasy and the breading is not over done, just the right amount of breading and always crispy crunchy. Weirdly, their Friday fish fry never really gets crowded.The service is decent depending on which server you have. Most of their servers are really on the ball and very attentive but just like any other restaurant, there are a few servers that don't give a whole lotta effort. In my dozen or so trips to eat here, I've only had a bad server twice.  The managers aren't very polished but they are very sincere and do their best to make the rounds and make sure diners are happy. A for effort! :)Now if I could just walk out without looking at those darn pies.....!
4	Had family dinner at this Location.Menu is getting a bit old since we eat here once or twice a month. A few more new items or newer items more frequently would be great.Food is always good for what you would expect and the staff is always friendly and checks on us frequently during dinner.
3	I like the fact that I can get scrambled egg whites, turkey sausage and then counteract that with a biscuit and gravy.  I do like their biscuits and gravy.
1	Worst service. The host was to personal. My silverware was dirty and had food on it.Don't think this place is safe to eat.The waitress was not friendly and didn't explain the specials they offer. The waitress took 8 minutes for our drinks and they weren't even busy. The food came out warm not hot. She took a 30 minutes to bring the food. I think all their locations have gone down hill.
