2	Let me start by saying that Carefree Catering has 11 trucks around the valley so your experience may differ.  I believe these are the trucks that typically service the construction sites but have branched out because of the recent food truck craze. Also, when there were two Carefree Catering trucks parked within a block of each other outside my work (the courthouse), I noticed that the menu items and prices were different for each truck.  The trucks that come by my work are all white and don't have any distinguishing characteristics.  I know there is one that is painted but I've never eaten from it.  I have no idea how to distinguish the plain white ones.  I ordered a California burrito for $5.50 at one truck.  Maybe California burritos have been bastardized outside of San Diego, but, in San Diego (the home of the California burrito) a California burrito is carne asada, French fries, cheese, salsa, sour cream, and guacamole.  This was ground beef, French fries, and a little bit of sour cream.  The ground beef did not taste good so I stopped eating it and I ended up getting sick later in the evening.  Later, I did notice that another Carefree Catering truck was selling California burritos for $5.  No idea if they differed in any respect from the other truck.  I wasn't willing to risk it again.Basically, this truck chain is a crap shoot.  I have encountered some people who enjoy the food from their neighborhood Carefree Catering truck.  If you have a favorite Carefree Catering truck, stick with it.  But don't expect consistency between the trucks.
5	I've learned there are several food trucks under this name, but I have only been to the one outside the RJC on 3rd Street.  I had a 5-Speed breakfast burrito this morning that was AMAZING.  I don't think I'll eat breakfast anywhere else before work. It had eggs, hash browns, bacon, ham, sausage...delicious!  The girl in the truck is very nice too, and they take phone orders in case you don't want to wait outside in the cold for your food.  I love this place!
5	We stumbled upon one of these trucks by accident while trying to find another restaurant. However, it was so hot outside we gave up trying to find the other place and ate here since we saw a lot of local people ordering and eating around the truck. What a happy accident! The food was so good, it's probably one of the best food trucks I've been to! Highly recommended if you can track them down... they said they move around several times a day, so may be hard to find, but well worth it if you can!
5	Carne Asada Nachos. The best nachos I think I've ever had.  Moved them from the RJC and my life hasn't been the same.
4	Our cafeteria at my work has been under remodel for a couple of months now and we have had several food trucks that have been brought out.  This was one of my favorites so far!  They had a large selection to choose from and the prices were reasonable too. Quick service as well!I ordered the three beef taco plate.  It came with three snack or street tacos, beans, rice and chips.  The tacos were filled with beef, topped with lettuce, tomatoes and cheese.  They were delicious!  The meat was well seasoned and was grilled to perfection!The second time I had a beef burrito.  Perfect size for lunch!  These guys were quick and were brought back several times to our location, which says a lot!!
