5	Great, authentic carne asada and chicken.  I love this place.  Not much to look at, but the food is fantastic.
4	This place is so good.  This place.... is so.... it's.... IT'S SO GOOD.When I was coming in, the metal door shocked the fucking piss out of me, but it's all forgiven because I had a pair of amazing tacos and an equally amazing burrito.  I like the way it's set up so I can see my food being prepared and can see it come along.  It's very much like getting to see a painter actually create the portrait that will adorn your wall.Dude, with this place and with Tacos Jalisco right next to each other, I'm in hog heaven.  I feel like I'm going to weight a billion pounds by the end of the year.  And if you say anything, I'll bite your face and eat some of it.
4	Good, not like yelling at the top of your lunges amazing. Great value, fast service, plenty of food for three people, maybe 4. I grew up in a Mexican home...this is inland Mexican. Not bright bold coastal flavors, more roasted and oiled type. Sazon packet sprinkled on the chicken does have MSG, so that is a bit of a bummer to me, but its under $11with tax for the pollo meal, so you get what you pay for. Don't be scared by the outside appearance. They are friendly and bi lingual.
2	Rolled on this small funky joint yesterday afternoon. Placed a to-go order for the Grilled Chicken Special which came with a couple of sides and tortillas... for $10 and change. Back at the hotel in under five minutes, Beans and tortillas were already cold. It was 107 in Scottsdale last afternoon.Chicken itself has an odd flavor and very different than say a El Pollo Loco-type seasoning. Believe that Yelper Iris below nailed it perfectly by calling out the seasoning and you could really pick up the MSG taste. Secondly the chicken they use are what you might call scrawny. Not a lot of meat on these dudes. Lastly, they mix some type of mystery wood with charcoal mesquite... the stack way out back almost looked like eucalyptus. Mesquite burns way too hot and overpowers chicken with it's very strong flavor. Found this bird average to slightly below par. Rest of the place is rather cramped and they do serve many other items like tortas etc. More than a little dirty inside which is cool in Old Mexico... not so much here.Worth a try because it's funky in trendy Scottsdale, but I will not be coming back.
