4	This is the place to get your Korean groceries. The store seems quite new and is very clean.  It's not as big as Lee Lee's but is a good size for focusing on just Korean stuff.  They've got a large variety of items imported from Korea from household goods, cooking utensils, snacks, sauces, instant noodles, fresh fruits, vegetables, seafood and meat. I never knew short ribs came in so many different qualities of cuts.  They also have lots of hard to find seafood too including skate wing.  We bought an awesome pack of frozen salted mackerel (3 fillets for less than $3).  All you have to do is coat it in some corn flour and shallow fry it.  It comes out just like the broiled mackerel you get in Japanese restaurants at a fraction of the price!
3	This place stinks to high heaven of fish.  But it's a store with plenty of food at low prices, so it's worth a visit for your Asian cooking needs.  There're plenty of instant noodle choices, Korean candy/snacks, seaweed, rice and fresh fish.  There's also a refrigerator stocked with great Asian drinks like chocolate soy milk and iced green tea.  The popsicles are my favorite, and they're always well stocked in ice cream and popsicles.  I also love that credit cards are accepted.  I've always been pleased with the service I receive at check-out here.  The aisles are a bit crowded, and they might want to consider a bigger location.
4	This place made me feel comfortable about moving to Arizona.  I just moved from L.A. and was totally worried about not having access to Asian stuff.  Of course it is not comparable to L.A. but this place has all the essentials.*Vegetables = fresh*Meat = frozen*Fish = frozen*Dried food = plenty*Bread = they bring in baked goods from Olive Bakery in L.A.*Cooking supplies = half of the store is full of them
4	If Korean food is your thang, this is the best Asian store to go to get your supplies. My husband and I have been to several and while 99 Ranch Market or Lee Lees are LARGE, they don't have the selection of Korean specific food. Makes it hard to make quality Bim Bim Bap or Tak Golgi or Kimchi Chigae! Asiana market on Dobson is Korean specific and has everything we've ever needed to make Korean dishes proper.The folks are always friendly, though they don't speak very much English. Just know jusaio and cumsumnida and you'll be good ;-) The owner even helped preggo me carry the 20 lb bag of rice to my car! Thanks!
3	I stopped in here just for interest and to price won ton wrappers and to see if they carried "black rice", which I had been looking for unsuccessfully.  The wrappers were $2 per package, it was very interesting to look around at their wide variety of food, dry, fresh and frozen, cooking and serving ware, et al.  And they did have the Black Rice for $6.99 per 4# bag so I bought some, and the guy bagging it even translated the instructions for me so I would know to use a ratio of 1 c. Rice to 1.25 c. water and to let it sit for 10 min after cooking.  It's much bigger on the inside than it looks from the outside.  I bet anything you would need for Asian recipes you could find here!(4/18/09 )
1	Oh after so many years and so many times I have wandered in, to walk off my meals from the neighboring establishments and ended up buying stuff I didn't need, today was the last time.Being followed and asked if we needed anything in  a manner like we were some criminals like out of a bad movie stereotype. Wait... I'm Korean though and my friends are Asian too. Regardless, it pains me to see the dreaded Korean store stereotype  come to life but also for it to happen to me.Asiana market, yes you are small and have a lot of Korean items I can't find at other places, your prices are higher but it was the convenience I paid for. Not anymore, as of today I will no longer step in your direction, nor look through your windows. Neither this location or the other. I am sad to say you have lost a loyal customer who had always tried to support my local business and community. The owner if he were to ever read this or not, sir I am not sorry for this harsh review but today, your actions drove out 3 customers who ended up buying nothing and will never return again. Will the loss of 3 men hurt your business? Probably not, but all the other Asian grocery stores just gained 3 customers. I will drive farther and longer just for that great service with out the harassment.
3	This store should not be called "Asiana".It's a small Korean market, not a place for 'Asian' groceries.The store size is about 1/5 of other Asian stores in the Easy Valley.There is no comparison with Mekong & Lee Lee as far as selection,but if you are only looking for Korean groceries, this place has good prices and is above average on cleanliness.Service is just ok, not the friendliest staff.For Asian groceries, this place gets 3 stars. If they change their name to "Little Koreana", I will reconsider the rating.
3	This place is a small Korean grocerystore. I read all the reviews on how this place doesn't compare to Mekong or Lee Lee, but I had to go for some good authentic kimchi (which those superstores don't have). The stores aisles are so crowded with boxes and stuff that it is so hard to walk around with a grocery cart. I also scored some yummy Korean snacks and drinks. I will definitely return for the cucumber kimchi!
4	finally found a nearby place that sells korean food.  we made a little adventure of it and got the staples of a few meals.  it's tiny by comparison to stuff in socal, but phoenix ain't exactly an asian mecca.  i was a little confused by the self serve bulgogi as there was only a roll of vegetable bags nearby.  i was about to start scooping it in when a guy showed me the tubs.  my boy was plugging his nose the whole time complaining about the smell- he's only 1/4 asian so it was funny, but it's an asian market and asians like fish, so if anyone is complaining about an asian market smelling fishy then they need to lighten up.
2	Not good at all. My experience in a nutshell. 1) The place smelled like meat that had gone bad.....hope they aren't selling it!!!2) Over priced....big-time, almost double for some items when compared to the other Asian markets in town. 3) Small selection of everything.4) You have to have at least $10 in merchandise to use a credit card/debit card. Really! This is 2010, I haven't carried cash in years.Pretty much a bad experience over all. I have been there twice now and pretty much had the same experience both times. I will not go back anymore.
4	Great Korean market near Tempe (ASU) area. They pretty much sell everything from meat (fresh& frozen), dried foods, Korean snacks, rice, ice cream, some already made side dishes, ramen and even have a houseware section.I would say if you don't want to drive all the way to Glendale to the bigger Asiana market, this place will suffice.They do take credit card but you have to charge at least $10;Most salespeople only speak Korean but the counter gal spoke English. It's never crowded in here.
5	Good Korean market in Mesa AZ
4	They got everything a Korean needs here. What more can you ask for? Nothing from me it's great Too all the people that bitch about the smallest things, get a life and worry about bigger issues. Remember this is not a huge chain of grocery stores like Frys. So if they want to charge 50 cents for using your card for under 10 bucks then so be it. You don't need to shop there. Fees add up and I understand and we live in a world that people will by a pack of gun using their debit card. Ok my rant is over.
5	Went back again to this Korean market...it has since been redone, and is even better.  Get their wonderful Korean preserved fish and kimchi.
3	Great awesomeness...though this is not as big as mekong....still great find for pot stickers and dried fish. I love their dried shrimp selection....some very pricey.
5	Compared to the larger store on 43rd Ave, this store is much better overall (despite the slightly smaller selection.) The customer service is amazing and they remember me  every time I go. I've never had a bad experience.
3	It is all right for what it is, a small Korean market.I walked in anticipating an all-encompassing Asian market, like the one on 43rd Ave.  Imagine my chagrin when I came to the fresh fruit and veggies in their 7-foot refrigerated case.Not much in the way of the fresh fruit and veggies...and the butcher shop does not do much to impress...since much of the inventory is packaged and frozen.
4	I was sad when the other small independently owned Korean grocery store (Paldo) closed down, but coming into Asiana, it is a good substitute!  The vibe here is like the small specialty markets you'll find in San Francisco.  Most items here will be Korean brand, or geared towards Korean type food and living.  In addition to food and beverage, they sell some household goods, makeup, and accessories.  They have a very good selection of sliced plain meat (For bbq or hot pot), in addition to a small row of containers with marinated meats sold by the pound.  They had 4 types, and from what I could discern (Since I can't read Korean), there were marinated short ribs, beef bulgolgi, pork, and maybe some type of pork belly?  It was pretty reasonably priced (On sale, beef bulgolgi $4.49/lb, pork $3.99/lb), and if I'm in a carnivorous mood it's a good option for making a Korean meal at home.  They also have the requisite kimchi aisle, with various brands and types of kimchi.  I browsed and found a few brands from L.A., and a brand imported from Korea.They also have a small selection of pre-made foods such as kimbap ($3.99/roll), and various pastries.  Overall, a good place to stock up on any Korean supplies!
2	Lee Lee and Mekong much better. Unless you need a specialized Korean item, this store is a waste of time.
4	Asiana Market is a definitely one of the stores I have thankfully found and love.They have everything that a korean person/family needs.It is not perfect and it is a pretty small corner store but it is full and packed with lots of korean must-haves.   It even has freshly baked and freshly made rice cakes and kimbap by the register.  I wish it was bigger though with more meat and fish selections.  I have to go elsewhere to get fresh meat/fish but other than that, I love it~
5	I mainly go here for the gim bob. where in the heck else can you get it around town.
5	Great kimbop :)
3	This is no K-town/Los Angeles Korean supermarket, but it is a Korean market in the Phoenix area. Asiana is not as bright, clean and shiny as Paldo that recently closed down but not horribly gross either - I'd like it more if it were a little cleaner though. They have all the packaged Korean food staples, so I like that, but the meat and vegetable selection leaves much to be desired. Kimbap is decent ... Duk selection is minimal if any on some days. So my overall feeling is that Asiana is good for packaged staples but it does not have a good selection of fresh products.
5	This place has been my mainstay while going to ASU for 3 years and I guess I've forgotten to review them for awhile~Their selection of Korean food is much better then Lee Lees or Mekong and since they feed from the Asiana chain in California they seem to refresh inventory pretty often. They even have K-bbq cuts of meat so you don't have to do any additional work.I'm a fan ^^Pros: Cheap veggies, good sales, great Korean selectionNow if they only had cheap Hite and Soju but for Arizona this place does the joband best of all there expanding! (The lady up front told me they are looking to add more banchan stations and kitchen goods yay)-Also agree on what Karen said, this place is like the Korean/Japanese/Chinese Markets in SF
4	Didnt think i would have found this place without yelps help. Eating american food is nice but i do miss asian food pretty quick This place is a bit smal but does have a good amount of selection They even have hot buns at the front. Also they make fresh kimbaps so if you want
3	Perfect place for korean/japanese ingredients.  There are a variety of meats but the prices are sky high.  I usually come here for the sauces and panko.  There are also fresh korean pan chans.
5	I have shopped for many years and for an uneducated person I have repeatedly been assisted by patient, warm, friendly helpful store personnel.. Additionally friends of Asian background trust the store. The pricing is completely acceptable. I have enjoyed almost all of their prepared foods which I find enjoyable to try. It is a market of substantial size and variety but highly preferable to big box where I am surprised at how high many of their prices are. The big retailers always talk price but Asiana just keeps shining through
3	Fun store if you are looking for Korean. To the poster that identified this store as Japanese, was wrong. Korean and Japanese foods are similar but not the same.
2	Okay store.  Still have a lot of empty shelves in the store, great way to compare with other Asian supermarkets.  I think I'll pass and go somewhere else.
4	look at all of those koran dvds.... and the rest of the stuff is cool too. I have no hate for korea.
4	This is our go to place for Korean food.  Better selection than Lee Lees, Mekong, Cofco if you want Korean food.  Good selection of Kimchi in the back and in the corner is freshly made Kimchi. We also like the selection of frozen seafood.Other than the food...I will add that the parking is great.  You park very close to the market and there's always open spots. The parking lot is not a zoo like at Mekong.There's also a good Korean restaurant next door to it.
3	This market is so much smaller then the ones I'm use to in LA, Garden Groves and even in Dallas.  My favorite market in Dallas was Hmart.  But this small store is surprisingly great.  It had everything I needed.  It's well stocked and yes they don't have as much produce as other korean stores but for that you can always go to Mekong.  Only thing their cashiers are not that friendly.  I have already shopped at this store twice and each time they don't really smile.  Which was kinda surprising since I always thought korean stores are customer service oriented.  If they had happier cashiers I would have given them 4 stars.  I still have two more korean markets to try:)
5	Everytime I went here, I always had kimbap (they have the original and beef now). I like original better. Also I got tteokbokki, japchae, bibimbap, and fish sausage jeon (I think). Awesome flavor.
5	I have shopped at Asiana Market for years and see they retain personnel. As an under educated person I have repeatedly been guided and assisted by sincere, warm, friendly, helpful store personnel at all levels. My many friends of Asian background both trust and shop Asiana Market. Pricing is completely acceptable and often lower than big box retailers. The selection is also better and deeper. I enjoy trying their many in store prepaired foods. The result is a fun experience at a store that you don't need roller skates or traffic control. To this person atmosphere counts. Asiana Market just continues to improve from very good to even better.
1	Worst customer service ever.  I like the selection,  but due to the rude cashier I'll never go there again.  On my first visit, I placed my items on the conveyor belt and my basket there with the things. The cashier told me that the basket doesnt go there; when I asked where I should put it, she said ,"okay, I'll take it" and snatched the basket away from me. On the second visit , I placed the basket at the proper place (where the cashier pointed out).  While I was waiting with the money held out , she ignores me, goes over to the basket ,and shuffles them.
4	I used to live in Korea town in LA. I was spoiled with the korean markets and korean bbq restaurants. Since I moved to Arizona in March, i've been going to this market. Although it is very small, you can find a lot of delicious treasures I would have found back in LA. At home I make Kimchi Stew and love pork belly. I also love the bbq so I will go to the marinated meat section near check out and get pork and beef to take home and put on the grill. For a little market, they have a lot of wonderful yummies!
5	Going to go ahead and give this place 5 stars, because the people are friendly and I have always found what I needed. Great snacks and drink variety. I understand that there are still many drinks they don't have, but they have the ones I want. Very convenient location for me. It is right across the street from my school so i can stop by there after my classes are done. Parking is convenient. Never had an issue finding a spot. I'm only 1/4 Asian and it's not Korean, but Korean products have grown on me. There's a beauty section that I have noted to go by next time I visit there. They also have some Japanese stuff.  It can feel a bit awkward because most of the people who work there primarily speak Korean. I don't know Korean and I feel really bad making them have to speak English because of my lack of knowledge of their language, (this is why I have not gone over to the beauty counter!).
5	Giving this place a 5 because it's all Korean food and goods - exactly what I've been looking for! Prices are what you'd expect for so many things being imported, but they're still reasonable and the people who work here are helpful and friendly.
1	This had to been the absolute worst customer service I have ever had. This establishment I had been shopping at for a while and today is the last time, they are no longer getting any of my business. I had a video camera and was filming on myself for a documentary on what Arizona was like considering I have two different locations for a home one here, the other in the state of New York. I am someone quite famous and well known. There was a younger girl (Cashier) who had approached me and asked me to stop filming so I complied, I then shortly after was approached by the Manager of the store who was nothing but hostile and quite rude when he had requested of me to delete the footage/scenes so I've done just that in the mean while he was standing next to me more or less hovering over me which was very strange. I was being treated as if I was obsolete to their business: It's unfortunate to know how if you help promote a local business then you are demonized for it and treated less of a human being. I would from this point forward take my business somewhere else and will never step another foot in this store again. I had given them a call later this evening to explain my testimony and complaint and the cashier who was a gentleman expressed to me how sorry he was for what had happened then all of a sudden hanged up on me. I had expected the manager to grab the camera out of my hand I would have loved that then I would have pressed charges against them. I would strongly advise everyone to boycott this store and not any longer shop here it's not worth it. I had heard horrible stories from other people and just from reading the negative reviews on here it makes me even more discouraged. You would like to believe if you are someone who is intelligent enough you would be wise to understand how the promotion of you're business would work, but apparently it's obsolete to them and they could care less about finding avenues on promoting their business. It's obvious they don't care about their customers and only about making money. Their prices are mediocre but not so much of a clean and organized store I predict in the future their business will be shutting down I hope and pray it does. When it does I will revel in it and be more than proud to see it happen. They understand nothing about anything that is the honest truth. Their attitudes are generally venomous as well. Oh and I'm oriental myself so...
5	I was in heaven here!We don't have any Asian markets in Northern Arizona so you can imagine my delight when I could stock up on all my Korean ingredients.Red pepper, fish sauce, ginseng tea, Korean potstickers, lots of veggies i.e. Korean radishes, Kim Chi, and the squid was $1.99 a pound. Bought 4 squids then skipped over to the bakery for some Korean red bean buns. By the time we left the bill was just over $100 and that qualified us for a free bag of rice. Nice!Will always return back here.
