5	Hands down robeks is the best place to get a smoothie. They are clean, friendly, and fast. If you don't know what to get, I recommmend the Pomegranite Passion Smoothie.
5	I finally gave in and tried Robeks the other day... I was in the mood for a healthy snack to tie me over between lunch and dinner.  I drive by several Robek's locations all of the time, but I've never ventured in to give them a try.  I agree with John in giving Robek's 5 stars... not sure I agree with him on 'the best place to get a smoothie,' but it's up there.  (I think that Paradise Juice on Tatum / Shea is the best :))I will say that Robek's was the cleanest establishment I've been in... ever!  They must be meticulous about cleaning after every smoothie.  I had one of their new - light smoothies.  I think it was mango-pineapple.  It was refreshing and delicious.  Exactly what I was looking for...I will probably become a regular at Robek's.  They were friendly, fast, and have a variety of menu options - not only smoothies, but other healthy treats such as frozen yogurt, hot pretzels in different flavors, acai, muffins, and more.  I also noticed specialties for the season including pumpkin and egg nog smoothies.I was really happy with Robek's - I bet you will be too!
4	Reminds of Jamba Juice.  Great choices and love the boosts.
4	I questioned whether to rate this five stars.  But in all honesty I haven't been there as many times as Jamba Juice across the street which squeaks by with one star.  So, I try to be fair.Robeks has smoothies that are really rich with a great flavors.  Their side orders are well presented and are most tempting.  The store is really nice and you don't walk out of the place have deaf if they are busy.  The employees have always been really courteous to me and my friend.  They have yet to foul up my order!   In addition the parking is plentiful. I enjoy going in this place. (see my review of Jamba Juice-gag-and my comments will make more sense.
5	These smoothies are delicious and nutritious! They are much more tasty than Jamba and much more healthy. My favorite is the green tea!The staff/owners are always very nice and remember me when I come in!
5	If you think all smoothies are the same then you have never tried Robeks!  When I worked in the Biltmore area I used to get their all fruit smoothies for lunch all thie time, but now only go every once in a while.  I stopped in with my son this morning and was soon reminded why I loved this place.  It is owned by a super nice couple who are always really friendly when I come in.
4	I live in this neighborhood and they gave out coupons for a free 12 oz smoothie or size up for $2 for first time customers. I finally had a hankering for a good smoothie and decided to head over. I got their version of a pina colada smoothie with protein and sized up. Typically i get the same kind of thing at Jamba Juice. I wouldn't say it was any better or worse, pretty much the same, which is pretty darn good! It filled me up, and satisfied my smoothie craving. The girls who were working in there were all friendly, and helpful. The only reason i wouldn't give it another star is because i don't know about their regular pricing and how it compares to other smoothie places.
5	I love this place...I prefer it over Jamba Juice!  I have been going to this place since back in highschool...I love the orange freezes and I like to add the whey protein...they are always very nice and are pretty quick!  They always seem to be more fresh!  I wish that there was a Robeks right next to my house and I would be a happy person!
5	I like this place.. if you ever want to feel healthy.. just walk inside this.  It feels healthy, it smells healthy and you couldnt eat bad here if you tried.  Well maybe if you drank 50 shakes, but you get the idea.I like those peanut butter and banana shakes for a meal replacement after a work out and the few times I've been here that's what I got.  And damn they are yummy and refreshing.  Sometimes a nice shake is more refreshing than a ton of food.  Plus it feels healthy too.. (depending on the shake).Staff is cool and the place is ridiculously clean.  Plus it's close to work!
4	One of the few places in town you can get a fresh vegetable juice.They offer a few variations, and you can also get wheatgrass shots here.The employees are friendly.  Some are fast, others are a little slower, but they'll get better with experience.I enjoy this location, and will continue to return!
5	Great acai bowls!!
3	This is tough for me to give this place a lower rating because I agree with what pretty much everyone else has said: the flavors are better than Jamba Juice's, they taste a little (or a lot) fresher, and they are hands down my favorite smoothies.My only slight with this place is that the staff more often than not isn't a very friendly one. I've avoided writing this as I live down the street and go here frequently so sometimes, they are nice but the last few times I've gone, there wasn't even a simple "Hello, how are you?" with a smile; instead a "What can I get you?" with a straight face and one time there were about 5 people in line behind me and they didn't even acknowledge me (or anyone else) for a good 5 minutes. The power of a good attitude really goes a long way even if you aren't working in the restaurant industry, you're still serving people and even if the smoothie's made perfectly and on time, a smile goes a lot further than you'd think. I'm sure I'll update this and give them a better review since I'm a sucker like that but it'll definitely take me having an experience where I felt welcomed when I walk in vs feeling like the girls have had a bad day and can't wait to get off of work.
1	Closed????  Fail.
