5	We just moved here last November, and one of our beloved kitties got a UTI.  Being new, we didn't know where to take him, but I'd been to a Banfield in Denver, and was really happy.We were definitely not disappointed. Friendly staff greeted us, and even though we got there a bit early, we were put in a room quickly.  The doctor was nice, understanding, and didn't push all sorts of medical procedures on us like some vets do.  He gave us multiple solutions we could try, and let us pick which one we wanted to try.  With the antibiotics, new food and an extra litter box, Jasper was feeling better in no time.Plus they called two days later to check how he was feeling. They definitely showed us that they cared for animals and weren't just in it for a buck.
5	I rescued my ball of canine fluff (Harley) from the Humane Society two years ago. What I didn't know was that when I adopted him, they decided to neuter him before I took him home. When I went to pick him up Harley had a brand spanking new cone around his neck. So came the search for a veterinarian stat and I needed one who could be trusted to take top notch care of this mischievous dog. I learned quickly that a dog is expensive and especially with medical bills, shots, office visits...and that's just hitting on the basics. As I was visiting the Petsmart one day, I came across the Bandfield Pet Hospital conveniently located inside the store. I decided to begin chatting with them to see about pricing and they told me about their amazing deal. For between $25 and $35 a month, they offer a service where you get unlimited office visits, several shots, an annual dental cleaning and many more benefits for your animal. I cannot tell you how many times this service has come to the rescue for me. I absolutely love the Bandfield staff. Harley has spent his fair share of time in the doctor's office and every time he visits, the staff is extremely friendly and nice. They always get Harley in and out quickly. The vets know what they're doing and they take great care of the animals. After a visit, Harley always leaves happy and refreshed and normally with a clean bill of health. The greatest part about Bandfield is that they are conscious of the economy and know they don't push unnecessary medications or products just to make money. They really do look out for the customer, both canine and human, so for that I am a forever fan of Bandfield! I think I can speak for Harley as well.
1	I was just at Tatum Banfield Pet Hospital with my cat with her ear infections today. They charged me over 200 dollar for a visit and medicines ( cleaner, one time take home drop and one over counter ear mite medicine. ) . I was standing there for 5 minutes holding my cat to wait to be checked in. They took care of people who came after me first while I was holding my 10 lbs cat and then they asked me to fill out some paper works while I was holding my cat. I was about to leave at that time which I should have. When I came home and looked at the medicines, I realize that it's an over counter medicine and all medicine with 6 months expire day ( which surprised me. Most of these medicines should have at least one year). I dont think I will ever go back. I was worry that my cat ear infection got so bad and she might have a fever. That's why I feel like I have to take her in today. Otherwise, I should have made an appt with the doctor that we were seeing. Our last visit to scary cat for the same problem was only 125.
5	My hubby and I have 3 dogs-- We have been Banfield customers from the very beginning.  Going on 9 years now!  We moved out here about 2 years ago and transferred our Wellness Plans and dogs to the location here in Scottsdale.  The staff is always nothing but nice and accomodating.  Even though it gets crazy with three dogs (we normally bring them all in at the same time) and one of which is a "enthusiastic" labrador retriever.Recently, we encountered an issue with the lab that required over $600 worth of treatments.  When I expressed concerns about the amount of $$$, they came up with an alternative solution... up'ing his plan to the Optimum, which included alot of the services.  Also they sent the scripts to a pharmacy instead of filling them inhouse which saved us $$$ as well.  All in all, we ended up spending only $300 for all the treatments.  This is very different from the Banfield in FL- where they always tried to sell you something... whether it was vitamins, chews, or whatever.We love this Banfield and will continue taking our "circus" to them!!
4	I have to say that for a chain pet clinic, I've been pretty pleased with the service here. Last year when I got my two poodle puppies, I decided to get the wellness plan through Banfield to save money.  I was a little leery at first because I had several friends turn their noses up at the thought of taking them to a mainstream clinic instead of a private veterinarian office.  I will say it does seem a little more generic and the service is not as personal as you may receive in a private clinic, but they definitely provided me what I needed for my pups.  The staff is extremely friendly and are  excellent about making sure I scheduled all appointments for  shots and services needed for the puppies first year.  In addition, they called and reminded me about all the appointments, and were extremely flexible about changing appointment times and getting me in same day if necessary.  My original plan was to stick with them only through the first year for the puppy plan, and then switch to a private vet, but at this point... I have no reason to leave!
1	This place is a rip off. I adopted a dog last year who was 12 years old. I did not have his records nor knew of his condition. I took the dog for a check up and exam. Banfield pet Hospital staff talked me into buying their health plan for over $45 a month. Several months later my poor Felfel died due to a liver disease.I called them to cancel the plan since my dog had already died, but found out I had to continue paying into this plan for another four months.This place only cares about taking your money. They are outrageously expensive for everything including shots and doctor visits. After my experience here i checked the prices at more than 22 other pet, and found 20 of them cheaper than Banfield.
2	I took my new puppy here twice because everyone at PetSmart has been very friendly and helpful so I expected great service from pet hospital inside as well. I was very disappointed with with doctor I saw here, I should never have wasted my money the second time. It is obvious that this pet hospital is more concerned about getting as much money as they can out of you than rather than giving your pet the best care.Being a new puppy owner I had a lot of questions and trusted what the doctor was saying. He suggested giving my puppy Science Diet which I bought and it made my dog very sick. After doing some research, I checked the ingredients- all corn and fillers, horrible for my puppy. The next time we went in for shots and I told him my puppy had been having more accidents inside lately and he offered to give him a urine analysis or to put him on antibiotics without even testing him for anything. He also referred to my puppy as a boxer; I have a Boston terrier. Expensive and impersonal care, I would not recommend that anyone who wants the best care for their pet goes here.
5	My wife and I a really glad that we gave this place a try.  You would not think of a vet's office in a PetSmart would give quality health care.  But you do!!  Our new dog Dexter had ear redness and we had not selected a veterinarian.  On a trip to PetSmart to get some ear cleaner we saw Banfield in the back.  We went home and looked it up on the net.  On the site was a free office visit.  We gave it a try.  It was well worth it.  The assistant Leo was very nice and helpful.  He is an animal lover and you can tell.  Dr. Zetye was nice and an animal lover too.Banfield has a wonderful service plan that is more focused on preventative care.  We signed up because it covers all of the vaccinations, deworming and regular office visits.  It is truly a great deal.
5	I have been taking my little Maverick to this Banfield location since October 2012.  I have been to a few Banfield locations before in AZ and FL with my other pups and these doctors, are hands down amazing.  I do have a Wellness Membership, and I think it is well worth it.  It includes all of the puppy shots, free office visits, neuter, etc.  The vets are great!!  Many other locations I have been to, yes, I have experienced plenty of times when the doctors will tell you everything to scare you into purchasing all this stuff for your pet.  Not here!  I asked our vet if I could get some not urgent medication for my puppy and he told me where to go to get it for half the price than what they sell it for.  Maverick has gotten neutered here and had 8 teeth pulled at the same time, Dr. Organek (she was fabulous!!), called me every couple hours with up to date details on everything and it was not as expensive as I thought it would be.  I know a few other people that have been to the other vets in the area and I was told it would cost me hundreds and hundreds of dollars.  Her assistant Leo did a great job explaining the medication to me.  So impressed with the staff here..!  Thank you again.
1	I have never been so disgusted by people that were supposed to be doing my pet and me such a good service. When I was at the vet's office in Scottsdale one week ago, I was talked into signing up for the Wellness plan. I had to tell about three different people that I would agree to it when all of them asked in between the vet coming in. I was told that the visit for the day and the vaccination my dog needed were all going to be covered under the first payment, so I agreed to it all. One lady came in and had me sign the billing statement, but had charged me for the vaccination and visit. After I commented, again, that I was signing up for the plan, she removed the charge for the vaccination. I didn't say anything about the charge for the visit because I figured that maybe I was wrong and it was not included. After everyone coming in and out a couple more times, the vet finally came back with my dog and said that we were all set. Between all of the people that I had talked to and having a puppy jumping around, it didn't even occur to me that they had not received my payment information... So I walked out, waving goodbye to the receptionist. I later received a phone message letting me know that they had not received my payment information and asking me to pay in the store because apparently there was something that I had to sign. Unfortunately, I didn't get the phone message until a few days later (my phone doesn't notify me of voicemail when it is off), but I went into the store on my very next day off, one week later. By then it had already been sent to their collections department - I guess that was okay because they were very friendly and removed my hold when I payed the bill. The problem was, however, that because it was sent to collections, I was charged for the vaccination AND the visit: charges that I only agreed to because I was under the impression that I was getting a whole medical plan for my pet with the fees that I was paying. Sure, I accept responsibility that I didn't realize I had not paid. That was an error on my part and maybe a dumb moment, assuming for some reason that they had my payment information on file or whatever. But I am a very honest person and I went to pay the money that I owed as soon as I could. But still, I had to pay over twice as much as I wanted to agree to? This is ridiculous. I would have signed my dog up for the wellness plan for her life - I LOVED the idea of stopping by and PetSmart whenever it was convenient for me and it would all be taken care of on the plan. I hope it was worth the assumption that I was stealing.
5	I love this place. I know I should be supporting local businesses but they do such a great job. They're located inside the Petsmart which makes it super convenient to pick up treats for the pups as well. I do the optimum wellness plan which is amazing. I pay a monthly fee and it includes all the annual vaccinations, a comprehensive exam with bloodwork, and a dental cleaning. For the amount that I pay for the optimum plan, I'd probably spend just that amount on ONE teeth cleaning for only ONE of my dogs. They always call to remind me about scheduling appointments and they even call the next day to check in and see how the dogs are doing after they've gone under. I've never had a problem with the staff. Especially since they started to remember to put my dogs' name on the welcome list! **picture uploaded**.The fees are relatively inexpensive and they're always answering my dumb questions.
1	I've been taking my dog to Banfield since she was a puppy and usually have sub-par service. This time, however, I was even more disturbed by my visit. I had to wait almost 20 minutes until someone came into the room to see my dog and I. The vet tech was friendly, but the veterinarian was a different story. She kept badgering me about getting a wellness plan and hinted that the plan included dental care. When she looked at my dog, she then proceeded to make comments about my dog's teeth and plaque build-up. Clearly a scheme. The most disturbing part about the visit was when my dog wouldn't eat the dog biscuit the vet tried to give her. When she wouldn't eat it, the vet proceeded to grab a can of Cheese Whiz (CHEESE WHIZ) off the counter and give my dog a big glob of it. a) The vet did not even ask me if this was okay. Would you go up to someone's infant child and give it candy without asking the mother first? Probably not.b) I find it incredibly ironic that we're in a pet store surrounded by thousands of different kinds of dog treats, but the vet gives my dog processed human "food." I don't even eat cheese whiz, let alone feed it to my dog!c) The vet attempted justifying her case when she could tell I was disturbed by this. She said "Well, dogs eat anything, they even eat out of the trash."  and "It's real cheese." wow. Her only valid justification was "dogs need positive reinforcement after a visit" which I completely agree with. BUT, you couldn't find a more suitable option for a treat? After speaking with the manager of the store, Brenda, I was told that they use Cheese Whiz as a distraction and treat for dogs because they like it so much. Well, yeah, I'm sure they would like a Whopper and fries too, but clearly that wouldn't be the best option for them. When I asked her if she would recommend Cheese Whiz as a healthy treat for dogs, she said, "Well, no, but a little bit doesn't hurt." I highly doubt any veterinarian elsewhere would recommend Cheese Whiz as a suitable treat for dogs. Needless to say, I am not giving Banfield any more of my service.
1	I took my yellow lab in to banfield a few months ago, he was needing to go to the bathroom often. I thought as a precaution to take him in to make sure he didnt have a bladder infection. Of course from the get go I was PUSHED heavily into joining the insurance plan. The tech then informed me that to hold him  down in the back to perform tests it would be a 20$ fee plus the cost of the test...please!! he is a goofy yellow lab. Then the tech informed me that he would need additional tests that would be 400$+ and a another 20$ to hold him down. I was told if I signed up for the insurance it would take care of some of the costs for that day...and my dog would be covered for additional test the following day. Which it didn't!! I paid another 450$ the following day. The person who signed me up for the insurance was off the next day of course!! Bottom line~ there was nothing wrong with my dog and now they are calling me to collect for insurance. Which I'm disputing ... STAY FAR AWAY FROM THIS PLACE!
1	This Banfield murdered my dog and refused to pay for the emergency vet bills that occurred while trying to save him. After a minor procedure the vet wrapped a bandage so tight that it prevented him from panting properly which rose his temperature and caused his death.
5	I have been bringing both of my 2 year old boxers here from day one. I can't speak for all the veterinarians as I always go to Dr. Barnett, but I've got nothing but great things to say about him and the care he has provided to my dogs! The first thing he always does is get on the ground and play with the pups, which I love. He's attentive and listens to me when I'm describing any symptoms my dogs might have. We have found him to be super knowledgeable, honest, and personable and has yet to steer us wrong. The other staff we have encountered are all great as well, always friendly and helpful. They have also squeezed us in before when there have been some urgent situations. We have our dogs on the wellness plan as its affordable and convenient. They always call to remind me when shots or exams are coming due, and the plan makes everything reasonably priced. Overall, I would definitely recommend Banfield, and Dr. Barnett in particular!!
5	My two little Yorkies just love their visits to Banfield Pet Hospital!  We've been on the wellness plan for over 5 years now and we're perfectly happy with the cost and terms.   Dr Barnett took over for our previous Banfield vet when he moved out of state and my little boys always enjoy seeing the friendly, kind, and gentle Dr Barnett PLUS his two very special vet techs, Gus and Laura.  It was Gus and Laura who took such excellent care of my Yorkies during their recent dental cleaning and they've never been in better hands -- they sailed right though without so much as a hiccup which really makes me feel good!  We took this celebratory photo when I came to pick them up.  We'll be loyal Banfield Pet Hospital and wellness plan clients as long as Dr Barnett and his team are there!  BTW, a vet tech presented the wellness plan to us on one of our first visits and I'm so glad she did. She was enthusiastic about the value but I never felt pressured.  And considering that Yorkies are known for dental issues, it just made good sense.  Paying monthly makes it much less "painful" than it would be to have to pay for an annual teeth cleaning, not to mention free office visits!
