5	I went to Dana for my son's first haircut and she did wonderful!! My son had a blast and she was able to give him a beautiful cut, even though he was squirming. She will always cut my son's hair! :)
5	I have 3 girls: ages 8, 7 and 5.  Dana has been cutting their hair since my oldest got her 1st haircut at 1 year old.  She gives great cuts and is so sweet with the kids.  They love her.  Of course she has games, movies and treats.  We love Dana.  She can handle any kid and make them comfortable getting their hair cut.  Dana knows how to help the kids get comfortable.  She is not just a hairdresser, but also a MOM.  And they always leave with a great cut!!!  I highly recommend.
5	Dana, there is no other like Dana!  Even my kids ask to go visit her!   I have 4 children, 2 boys ages 3 1/2 and 5 1/2 and 2 girls ages 8 and 19 months.  Dana has been cutting their hair for quite some time. They all have a style of their own and have always been happy every time we leave. She has a great shop in Downtown Scottsdale, convenient and is very accomodating.  Highly recommended by this Mom and her children!!
5	I was recommend to Dana a few weeks ago by a fellow mom I met at the Scottsdale Fashion Square playground and it has been one of the best recommendations I have received since moving to Arizona. Dana is amazing with kids. She made my girls feel welcomed and made it a fun experience instead of a dreaded one. She has movies, games and toys to keep kids entertained. Her prices are very reasonable. I highly recommend that you check her out if you are looking for someone for your kids!
5	We love Dana!!  She was recommended to me by a friend and she is fabulous!  I have three young boys and they love coming to get their haircut because they get to play XBox and get lollipops!!  She does a great job with the cut and she is very affordable!!  I highly recommend her!
5	I moved to Phoenix recently and my kids needed a hair cut soon.  I took them to Dana's and she did an awesome job.  Several people had stopped to ask about my kids hair.  Also, I love the fact that it is with an appointment so I did not have to wait, also she had movies and both got totally distracted while Dana did her job! No tears, no complaints, pay and go!!!!
5	Today was our first time there. After googling and yelping kids' hair salons, I found this place on a whim. Seeing that there were exceptional reviews, I decided to give this salon a try. I called and was able to get an appointment fairly soon with Dana. My daughter has curly hair and it's really hard to find a hairstylist that will not give my daughter a bad haircut. The salon is in a tiny complex and it's small. We were the only ones there, but I kind of enjoy it versus the screaming kids that are usually getting their haircuts along with us. She put on a movie for my daughter and was really patient with her (my daughter is quite talkative). She shampoo'd my daughter's hair, gave her a trim, and thinned out her heavy curls. She even gave my daughter a braid and lollipop at the end of the session, and some hair glitter to make her look like a fairy. We had a wonderful experience all for $12. Probably most reasonable place for a kids' haircut I've been too. We will definitely come here again for her next haircut. FYI though - Dana told me she will be moving to a different location come August, so make sure you check the website!
5	Brought my two year old here to get her first real haircut and it was awesome. Dana is really great with kids and my daughter was so entranced with the Toy Story movie and car she was in that she barely noticed that she was getting a haircut. My daughter has ringlets and Dana was able to cut her hair to make her curls really fall nicely. For 12 dollars, you really can't beat this place. Awesome.
5	Dana is fantastic and my son always has a great time when he gets his haircut.  The car seat is great and her kids movie library is extensive.  Last but not least, she does an outstanding job at cutting and styling my sons hair....all for $12!!!!!!!
5	You only get one first haircut, and I am so thankful that I chose Dana. I read the reviews of a few kids haircut salons, and although they were mostly positive, I was trepidatious of my 20 month old son becoming overstimulated from too many distractions (other kids, multiple tv's, etc). Dana's reviews were stellar and now I know why. She was so friendly/personable, and both my son and I took an immediate liking to her. I put him in the Mini Cooper and she played a DVD of his favorite show. The haircut looks fabulous and I enjoyed that it was just the three of us in the room. We will definitely be going to her for all of his future hair cuts. Thanks, Dana!!!!
5	At the risk of sounding like a broken record, I would like to echo all of the reviews that Dana has already received.  I, too, was nervous about a first haircut, as I wanted it to be a positive experience for all involved and didn't want to plant a fear of scissors for the rest of my child's life (she's 2). Dana is great.  The salon is great.  The experience was great.  She asked about my child's favorite movies/shows, popped in a DVD of Mary Poppins (knowingly navigating to an engaging part of the film), and then she was off!   There were no tears, no screaming and nothing but a proud smile when Dana was done.  All in all, the perfect first experience - and Dana was even a step ahead, preserving a lock of hair for her baby book.
5	I brought my 6 month old son for a hair cut and Dana was great. My husband and I were concerned if he would sit still but Dana had some toys to keep him busy. He loved sitting in the yellow mini and was preoccupied and did not mind getting his hair cut.
5	Dana was fantastic with my 2 year old daughter. She was patient and knew exactly how to get a toddler to sit calmly. Not to mention my daughter's hair looked great afterwards! I would highly recommend calling her up for any of your kids' hair cuts. It was surprisingly painless!!
