5	aak9 has a knack for training   dogs
5	We are extremely happy with our French Bulldog now that he has been trained properly.Bob is extremely knowledgeable and patient. He was up front about any potential obstacles we might have (our dog is extremely stubborn and he caught that trait immediately).Our dog, Ricky Bobby, was nipping at hands, jumping on everyone and bolting out of the house every chance he got - but no longer!! Ricky now stands in our entry with the door wide open and does not attempt to escape unless he is commanded out the door. We are thrilled!Looking for an organized and prompt professional? Look no further because Bob is all those things.I would recommend All American K9 to all my friends and family.
5	We are forever thankful for finding Bob and All-American.  Our Border Collie rescue was mostly fine at home, though he was a terrible "counter surfer", liked to jump on anyone coming through the door, and his behavior on walks was impossible.  We have owned and successfully trained many dogs without help over the years, but all our techniques and efforts with Samson did not work.  He pulled his way through each walk, and was frantic if other dogs barked from behind their gates and walls.  He was taking us for a walk, and nothing we tried did any good.  The "counter surfing" and visitor jumping was not only annoying, but could be dangerous. In four easy sessions, Bob shared his knowledge and expertise, and Samson is now a model of good behavior in and out of the house.  He is a pleasure to walk, and the discipline necessary at first is no longer needed at all. He does wonderfully both on and off lead.  He has not been up on the counter once since the training, and no longer jumps on visitors.  With Bob's training, Samson has not lost any of his beautiful personality, just his bad habits! Thank you Bob!  You trained us well, and gave us the tools and know-how to work with Samson (or any other dog), and that means a lot. We appreciate your professionalism and patience, and Samson thanks you, too!
5	Mission accomplished!  We started with our beagle who is 9 years old and prone to nipping at strange men and going bonkers when we go on walks and encounter other dogs.  After working with Bob, we had a calmer, gentler dog who is a pleasure to take on walks now and we no longer fear having new people visit.  What I liked best was seeing the transformation almost immediately and having a dog run up to us with no leash on and my beagle not react or engage at all with the dog.  Bob really knows his stuff!  I'll be recommending him to anyone who needs dog training!
5	Bob helped us train our 6 month old Doberman Pincher to be an amazingly obedient dog. Before calling Bob, Gonzo was a chore to walk and letting him off-leash wasn't something we would have even considered. But after only four weeks of training he can walk off-leash, stays by my side, sits when I stop walking and gets in the heel position when I start walking. He sits patiently when I tell him to sit, even if I walk away, and he runs around to my side when I tell him to heel. It's incredible.After Bob's training I watched countless YouTube videos of people showing off their "obedient" dogs, this is when it became clear Gonzo was truely obedient. He doesn't require a steady stream of treats and we don't have to bribe him in any way. He knows what I want him to do and enjoys the praise he gets when he abides. Gonzo's much happier now with all of the extra freedom he gets on walks and my wife and I are much happier now that it's so easy to walk and to play with him.This was all accomplished over four one hour sessions.
5	Initially I hired Bark Busters. That was a DISASTER. Wasted my money and the trainer Dale was a joke. My dog's behaviour went from bad to worse.I then found Bob on Yelp. Hiring him was ONE OF THE BEST DECISIONS of my life. He is very patient with me and my dog. He understood the problems I am facing with my dog. I had adopted a dog from the shelter and he does not like any other dog or human being. He is very aggresive towards other dogs. He has no leash manners. Within 2 sessions with Bob, my dog's behaviour has changed about 70%. Now he knows how to walk right next to me, ignore other dogs, how to sit and how to focus on me. I couldn't have done this without Bob's help. HE IS THE BEST. He doesnt play around with words or says stuff to please you. He is blunt which is awesome. He tells you why your dog is behaving crazy and he helps you correct the behaviour. It was an eye opener for me. Bob is extremely knowledgeable and patient.
