5	where else can you find all the parts and pieces for a 9 year old girl to become Albert Einstein?  they carry real theatre makeup here too which is very handy if you ever find yourself needing to go onstage.  just a fun place to wander around and find crazy things for costumes and parties.
5	I *LOVE* this store. You can even rent costumes (and this place has been around forever-my grandmother rented costumes from there YEARS ago).  The walls of wigs and masks are impressive to say the least, and you can always find some original stuff there. You can easily spend hours in this store, and it's up to you- you can buy something for $.15 or for $150.
3	Pros:-Wig and mask selection is great, and there is a pretty decent variety in terms of other costumes.-The staff was very friendly and tried to be helpful.-Prices are decent, but not always affordable.Cons:-They have NO return policy.  That means if you open something and it's defective, you can't return it.  That's pretty crappy, especially for a store that offers some pricy items.  This is my biggest problem with the store by far.-They run out of a lot of stuff close to Halloween.  I went a week before Halloween and they were out of many styles of wigs and couldn't order them in time.-They didn't have a lot of what I was looking for.  I wanted a red wig without bangs, which they didn't have, so I had to get one with bangs that cost $35.  Also wanted purple gloves, which they didn't have either.  So don't go looking for something two specific or you may be disappointed.
4	Dude, this place is awesome.  It's HUGE and they have a ton of stuff...yes, even ON Halloween!  Came here for some last-minute costume scrounging with my friends, and not only was the place completely packed, it was still very well-stocked.  My friend easily procured a complete flapper costume with associated accouterments with plenty of options to spare, and this was after she turned down three variations of French maids and one Wonder Woman =P  It's true they don't offer returns on most of their items, but they do let you try on the costumes.  Oh, and the ginormous T-rex coming out of their store-front wall is just awesome =D
5	The best (and basically the only) place to go for Halloween in Champaign. Since Halloween is my favorite holiday, I cannot have a successful fall without visiting this place at least once (along with Curtis Apple Orchard of course). This literally has every kind of costume you could imagine plus any kind of makeup fx, props, wigs, or whatever else you might need. There's also some rentals if you need something last minute. No matter what, the staff is super helpful. Like most Halloween/specialty stores, they don't do returns, which is obvious because yeah, you're only going to wear the costume one night a year!There's also, of course, a whole magic section. My dad got some high-end ones there when I was little and they turned out to be pretty awesome. Oh, and my personal favorite, don't forget to take a look at the ridiculous lineup of weapons above the register. I don't know how you'd be able to walk around with a real axe, but if you needed one, it's there!
5	This is a great shop for costumes, with staff that takes costuming seriously and goes above and beyond to get it right.  We needed 'American Idol' judges costumes and the costume designer brought out magazine pictures of the judges and a large selection of choices and accessories to get everything just right. Very impressed!
5	Absolutely love this place. Just came here yesterday for the ellen show costumes. The store was hectic as seemingly everyone in the champaign Urbana area was there yet the staff remained calm, friendly and professional. Not only that but due to all the traffic from the show, they gave everyone who rented a costume a promotional discount which was awesome. I love this place and the staff and will be going back in the future!
