5	My wife and I and another couple visited this place this past Tuesday and it was awesome. Not only was shooting the machine guns great but the staff was unbelievably nice and accommodating. Highly recommend visiting and try to shoot down the target return string like I did with the M249 SAW ;)
2	when you drive up its like driving into a military base. theres helicopters, trucks, mounted machine guns, and sandbags all over the place. definitely an excited feeling. but when you walk in theres clothes and merchandise you can buy. i didnt see the actual counter until i walked towards the back. didnt seem like they were selling guns though, only rentals. the range seemed well hidden and you couldnt see much. it felt like i was in a half liquidated office space. they did have some nice rifles, even a dragunov. the guy at the counter was informative and nice. if they had a cool range or other stuff, i couldnt see it. i asked if i could go take a look and he said he would have to have someone walk me over. i didnt want to wait nor bother them so i left. if i wasnt an avid shooter or owned my own guns im sure this place would be great.
5	We had a blast at Battlefield Vegas. We went with a group of 4 and took advantage of a Groupon deal they've been offering which allows you to fire off two guns for the price of one, or something like that. The staff was super friendly. Most of us were gun rookies but our instructor took the time to make sure we knew what we were doing. Definitely felt safe the whole time out on the range. Would recommend for anybody who's ever wanted to see what it's like to shoot off a fully automatic machine gun. And the great thing is if you are a novice you won't feel like you're in danger or don't know what you're doing. Worth checking out.
5	AWESOME! We had so much fun and could easily have spent all of our time and money and still not have come anywhere close to shooting every weapon they have available. We had the pleasure of having Doug as our range specialist.  Doug is very well informed, nice and will help you with safety and picking out the weapons that you will have the most fun shooting.  We were completly unsure of what we wanted to shoot when we walked into Battlefield.  Doug asked us questions about different aspects of weapons and we were soon able to determin what we wanted to shoot.  We highly recommend Doug if you go into shoot.    The other staff that we interacted with seemed pleasant as well.  We really enjoyed our experience and will definately return.
5	We stumbled upon Battlefield by accident, but what a great surprise! The staff were incredibly friendly, made jokes, and took safety seriously. Vast selection of handguns, rifles, automatic rifles, sniper rifles, you name it. Decent prices as well, but we were allowed to pose with any gun we wanted for a picture. Pro-tip: They have an army-spec Hummer H1 out front which is fully operational so I tried my luck and asked for a ride to the strip in it and they were happy to oblige! Tipped the driver 20 bucks and the crowd outside the Palazzo was surprised to hear us roll up to say the least. Totally worth the tip.
5	My friend and I had such a great time. Livio are instructor couldn't have been nicer. Plus Shannon was very helpful and kind. If it wasn't for Shannon's extreme kindness I don't think I would have been able to set out of my comfort shell and try something so thrilling. Thank you!
5	This is the place to go in Vegas. Nick was our range officer and he was totally cool and helpful at the lanes. I would definitely recommend, especially for first timers who have never fired a firearm before.
5	This was just one of the activities my party planned for our Bachelor Party matters and it was definitely on top of the list outside of the unmentionables. We rented a party house off the strip and were picked up in large military painted truck. The truck was badass, but every time it caught some air we all thought it might be the end, like final destination style, due to having no seat belts. I didn't do any shooting, but I got to sit in and watch all the fellas take on the challenge. Some guys had stellar capabilities, other guys did not, the bachelor being one of the worse. It was very legit. The instructors were thorough with our safety and comprehensive with teaching us about the guns we used and much more. Secret tip: one of the employees said they have a package called shooting after dark where they bring strippers in bikinis in to shoot with you. If that's your type of thing, go for it.
5	I had a great time.  The staff were friendly and Facility was nice.
5	This place is Great! We really had a good time looking at the guns we could pick to shoot. They have a huge selection.I had so much fun shooting I want to go back and do it again!If your in Vegas and like to shoot guns this is the place to go!!!
5	This was fun! The people there were really helpful. From helping me pick out a gun, to showing me how to hold it, and giving me tips on shooting, I was really pleased. The facility was clean, they had lots of selection, and the price was good. I would definitely recommend this place to anybody visiting Vegas.
5	Had friends in from New York and shooting guns was on their list of things to do. I had driven by this place in the past and was curious to see what it was all about. We were all extremely pleased that we choose this place. Excellent customer service, great selection, and the range officers helped us feel like experts! I will be sure to bring all my friends and family that visit Vegas to Battlefield Vegas!
5	One of my sons happiest moments of his life. This place and the people are amazing. Don't miss going here! By far the best on Las Vegas.
5	Great great people working here; the place is amazing and everything was perfect.Greetings from Spain!
5	Great experience. Large selection of weapons. Staff is very organized and professional. No wait time even though we arrived mod day on Friday. Highly recommend if this is something you want to try.
5	Here in California we have some pretty strict rules about fully automatic guns, so when my dad was organizing a vegas trip for him, my brother, and me I knew I had to shoot something fully auto.  I looked around at some of the other places offering full auto guns and this place stuck out.  5 stars on yelp and a tremendous selection of guns.     I mean tremendous, just hundreds of guns to choose from, I mean it was insane, in a good way.  They had all sorts of stuff, from handguns to sniper rifles to submachine guns, to assault rifles, to crew served machine guns.  An outstanding selection at very reasonable rates.  It costs 100 dollars for 40 rounds of any belt fed machine gun, which is reasonable, since you're paying to shoot the gun, not just for the ammo.  It's about 40-50 dollars for 25 rounds on most of the other guns there, you get more ammo with handguns though.     Little things here and there, you can take the brass if you want it, you can tell all your friends, oh this shell casing is from that time i shot a gun from WWII, or what have you.   You can take unlimited pictures and video. They give you a new target sheet for every gun you shoot.  Eye and ear protection is provided, though I would bring ear plugs along next time (they have over the ear stuff which makes it hard to aim and get good grouping).  They have no problem with people completely unloading in a massive burst of fully auto fire, (it's your money after all).  In fact the whole range quiets down sometimes as the sound of fully auto really overpowers the single shots people take with rifles and handguns.   A lot of this is pretty standard for the ranges all over town, most of them are at the same pricepoint, too.     Before the entrance to the range, theres an area where they hand the guns to you where you can see the employees loading magazines and putting belts together, its really organized.  The range itself is nothing special, it looks like any indoor gun range.  It's loud (well, duh) and smells heavily of sulfur (thats from the primer in the cartridges, most of it is military surplus ammo which uses different primer).     Come here for the selection because it is unparalleled; if you come, go for the throat.  Shoot the fully auto stuff because chances are you won't get many opportunities to.  Definitely pose with the guns, so you can strike fear into the hearts of your foes.
5	We went to Battlefield Vegas with a bachelor party and couldn't have had a better experience. From getting picked up in a military jeep, to getting a package deal on a couple different guns, this range is awesome. The prices are great, and the staff is even better. Nick and Carlos were our instructors and were extremely helpful and friendly. They took videos and pics for us and even showed us the full arsenal out back. This experience far exceeded our expectations and I will definitely visit again on my next Vegas trip.
5	From a novice perspective they did a great job. We were assigned John as our range instructor. He was careful to explain in detail how to operate each weapon and did an excellent job making sure we were safely firing our weapons. Great for tourists but not a tourist trap. Will say the this is an excellent idea overall as opposed to the regular pool party experience (which we had). Made for a little variety and a lot of excitement. Fairly priced. Huge selection. Recommended with 5 stars.
5	The hubs & I had an excellent experience here. Having never shot a gun before, Livio--our range safety officer--guided me through the process with ease & patience. I thought guns weren't for me, but I'd go back without hesitation. And the hubs, he was a kid in a candy store; I think he might've even giggled with glee. See if you can ask for Livio--he was great.
5	Awesome service and experience. Plus getting a ride in a humvee to and from the range is awesome!
5	Absolutely awesome experience!! We picked a package of 4 guns and had a blast. John was an excellent instructor and made sure we were comfortable. Not just for guys either, I'm a chick!
5	tl;dr: The experience was excellent, the choice of weaponry is vast, and the staff were professionals who made my visit the highlight of my trip to Vegas.I did a lot of research before choosing which Las Vegas gun range to visit. The deciding factor for me was that Battlefield Vegas offers the Dragunov, my favorite sniper rifle in video games. I was more than a little nervous entering as I had never fired anything more powerful than a 22 rifle prior to this. I chose the Red Threat package (Dragunov, AK-47, and RPD), while my friend chose ala carte and picked the Sig, AK-74, and MP-40. Our guide, Dave, started me out with the sniper rifle--naturally he picked the one I was most nervous about handling. But he did an excellent job of explaining how to hold, sight, and fire the weapon, and I managed to keep all the shots in the target. The next half hour was a thrill firing an additional 80 rounds of semi- and full automatic weapons.We asked for a Humvee ride back to our hotel, and while we were waiting the manager, Ron, chatted us up. The next thing I know, he's taking us in the back and letting us poke around the entire armory of guns, rocket launchers (yeah, really), and restored antiques.Everyone we spoke to was thoroughly professional, focusing on safety above all else. Aside from my initial nerves, I felt very safe in the hands of the Battlefield Vegas crew. This is one place I will recommend to all my friends, and make a fixture of any future Las Vegas visits. Thanks guys!!
4	Stopped by with a couple of buddies after running the Rock n Roll Half Marathon. Thoroughly enjoyed our experience! The Black Ops Package allowed us to shoot an AK-47, Uzi, MP5-K, Colt 9mm version of an AR-15(?), I think. Could shoot them on full auto or semi (to prolong the shooting experience). Great selection, even got a ride back to our hotel in a Hummer (a real one, not a luxury one!). Very friendly and helpful staff. Lots of fun and would do it again!
5	Good selection of guns. Alot of belt fed machine guns and full auto rifles and submachine guns. Very nice range officers. Booboo helped me and my 2 brothers out (one who is autistic), and he was very patient and understandi g of my brother's condition. Instead of treating the customers like babies (The Gun Store), the instructors here treat their custo ers like people and are easy to talk to and actually enjoy conversations with the people whom they are teaching.Definitely comong back here the next time I am in Las Vegas.
5	Had an absolute blast!  A great experience from start to finish.  Love the complimentary shuttle service.  And when said shuttles are freaking Humvees, roaring down the streets, you know you're in for an unforgettable experience.The safety officers are all military veterans, all of them professional, all excellent.  Doug, my officer, was very patient and understanding with a "gun newbie" like me.  The authentic surplus military vehicles on display on the premises were an added treat.  The next time I'm in Vegas, I'm definitely coming back.
5	I got to shoot a 50 Cal ! Did you hear me ? No ? Of course you can't hear me because I just shot a 50 Cal !   (Everyone else stopped shooting and watched me.)Seriously though I had an awesome amazing experience and had a great instructor.  I'm not a gun owner, but getting to shoot those guns in the SWAT package was AWESOME ! Cue music:nanananananana(On side note - I'd skip shooting a shot gun if I've never done it before, and I was you ... shoulder was a bit sore even with instructor bracing me, and I'm not a little dude.)
5	Looking to shoot some guns close to the strip? This is the place to go. The selection is massive and the staff are really cool and helpful, the fact its only 2 minutes for the strip is very convenient. Pricing is a little steep however the experience and service were excellent.
4	Loved it! Jeffrey was awesome and provided great helpful tips. Rest of the staff was great too. Neat complex just off the strip.
5	First time shooting a gun! Experience was amazing! They were very professional, very  good instructions and high security. Felt like I was in good hands for a first time shooter. They also gave us a ride to our car in a military hummer!
5	FIRST yelp review ever cuz this place deserves it! Battlefield was probably the highlight of our weekend trip to Vegas. This was my BF & I's first time to shoot some guns & the entire staff was so helpful & friendly! We left super satisfied. I thought the prices were reasonable. We had LIVIO as our safety officer & my goodness was he Amazing!!! He was soooo nice! I was scared for my lifeeee cuz I never touched a real gun before so I was pretty nervous. But Livio was so patient with us, he gave clear instructions & he let us take as much photos as we wanted! He guided us through our whole experience with ease! We had such an awesome time at Battlefield!! We'd definitely come back! It was worth it! If you ever decide to go ask for Officer Livio!
4	Great time, but be prepared to wait.The staff was fabulous, and the selection of firearms was excellent.  I'd give this a solid 5-stars except:- Our group of eight had to wait 1-1/2hrs after signing up to get our turn in the range, and there was no option to make a reservation ahead of time.- Emailing Matt (Operations Manager) ahead of time, he said "Everything is outdoors.", but it's exactly the opposite -- everything is indoors.Apart from those two issues, it was a fantastic time, and the staff all did a wonderful job.  I'd highly recommend this to beginners and experienced shooters alike.
5	You, yelpers, are probably having a hard time deciding which fire range to go to right? I had the same problem since most of them have similar prices, excellent reviews and all of them are close by as well.  I compared American shooters, Gun Garage, Gun Store, Machine Guns and Battlefield. I called all of them and got the basic informations I needed as a beginner. American Shooters is probably great for beginners who is very serious about learning how to shoot since their beginner package is 4 hour long. I don't think I would be able to stand a 4 hour long class. The cost I think is round $100ish for the most basic package if you don't have anything. Gun Garage, Gun Store, and Machine Guns all sounded pretty good too since some of them give free T-shirt or Photo or online deals. The cost is about $90-100ish for the most basic package. I decided to go with Battlefield because their package included more ammos which I thought was more important. I didn't need a tshirt, and I could take unlimited pictures myself.  The package is about $100ish as well for 3 guns. They also have a $35 one gun deal.  Certain packages allows you to add another shooter for only $20.After I got there, I knew I made the right decision. They had badass tanks, army trucks, and chopper, in their private parking area. Hell yah I'm gonna take tons of pictures which made my shooting experience so much more fun!I had a blast at the battlefield. My range safety officer Livio was really patient and encouraging.  The front desk staff was really nice and patient too even though I took a long time trying to decide which package to go for. After I came back from the trip I showed my pictures to my friends. They couldn't believe that the pictures were taken in Vegas. I know, I probably look like I just came back from the Soviet Union during WWII era. lol
5	Let me start off by saying WOW! Everything you've read about this place on Yelp is true. It is an adrenaline rush like no other. The whole experience is a must for anyone looking for that unique Vegas adventure. It all starts with the pick up and drive in a real military Hummer. As you roll down the Las Vegas strip your anticipation builds and upon arrival the compound is full of military gear, vehicles, helicopters and more. The staff is incredibly friendly and nowhere near as douchey as the competition in the area. So let's talk guns...holy smokes! They have the biggest selection of weapons in Vegas that's for sure and many packages to choose. I picked the Modern Warfare pack and let me tell you, I wanted more. You can add anything after your done so don't worry. Staff is super friendly, helpful and very experienced. Never rushed and they even let you load and handle the guns properly. Big thanks to Steve. That man knows his guns. I could go on forever but take my word...JUST GO. SHOOT!!! An adventure worthy of any bucket list. Trust me. I've tried other ones and this has now become my favorite spot. I will be back.
5	What do you give hubby for his birthday when he wants to go to Las Vegas but he doesn't want to blow all his cash gambling? You let him shoot firearms that he wouldn't be able to have back home!We were picked up by 2 men in camo gear in a huge Humvee! Pretty cool! When we arrived, there were people taking pics in another Humvee with what looked like a .50 caliber M2 heavy machine gun on it's roof! Of course hubby had to take a pic! Our driver waited patiently for us to finish before he took us inside to give us further instructions.We went inside and up to the cashier to pay for hubby's package. I was surprised at the huge selection of firearms he had to choose from. He picked the Iwo Jima package and we waited to be called to the range in the back. We perused the many souvenirs to choose from and it wasn't long before we were called.  Our guide looked young but was very knowledgeable and friendly. He was very firm about the rules before we entered the firing range but we had been to firing ranges before and had no problem following directions when it came to safety.  The first gun used was a Springfield 1911. Hubby had not problem handling, loading and firing as evident by the holes in the the targets abdominal area. Bullets flew from the gun and littered the floor only to be swept up to prevent accidental slips. Next came the M2 Carbine. That's when the hits started to fan out, just a little from the center. Hubby held his own with this semi-automatic. It was cute seeing his big grin after shooting that gun. There was a moment where everyone had to cease fire so a guide could fix a stuck line that held his shooter's target. Everyone put their firearms down and stood against the wall until it was clear to resume shooting. They were not messing around with safety and I appreciated that. It gave hubby some time to ask firearm questions.Last but not least was the Thompson. This was the gun hubby was looking forward to shooting. Fully automatic, it wasn't long before he ran out of ammo, but that kept his adrenaline going for the rest of the day. When we left the firing area, we were able to remove our protective gear and look at other selections. The staff here were very helpful, knowledgable and friendly. I would recommend this place for anyone interested in learning how to properly handle any firearem!
5	So it was my birthday and well I was in Vegas... so you know I'm going to go practice shooting zombies! This was my first time ever even holding a weapon so I was really unsure of what to expect and a tad nervous from all those youtube videos I watched of girls shooting guns and hitting themselves in the face. The second we parked our car this place was awesome with its old military vehicles/copters! Furthermore, everyone from start to finish was really friendly and knowledgeable. We didn't mind waiting all of 15 minutes (you restless wild things need to chill the F out with your impatience) and were able to shop all the cool gun trinkets and hangout in their VIP waiting rooms in the plush chairs while we waited. Our range safety officer Livio was THE SHIT and didn't give me a gay lil pink gun, which he knows I'm very appreciative of. And considering this was my first time ever firing a weapon, I was especially excited to basically kill the shit out of my target. Feel free to admire the pic of my target (right most) :]And I'm sure Livio deserves some credit...for... you know... teaching me how to shoot...and I mean yeah ok, I hand it to you, "you da man"...BUT DAMN IM A FUCKING BADASS jk..sorta (but kinda not really). Battlefield is my new Vegas "must" and it should be yours too!
5	Thanks John!  It was my first time shooting guns and it was awesome!  They actually pick you up and drop you off from your hotel so thats a +. i'll be honest with you though.... being in a room full of strangers with guns..... i was kinda nervous but the people helping you out were in the military before so.. yeah i felt safe but still.. with all the crazy shit that's been happening these days... butttttttttttt after i saw how well i did you bitches got nothing on me!! i'm so ready for a zombie apocalypse!!!!!!!!!!!
5	This was a nice in a lifetime treat.  I've been shooting for a long time and the professionalism of the crew is above all.  Our firearms were in great shape, clean and worked outstanding.  Shan't to learn about firearms and proper use? Go to battlefield in Veges.
5	I can't rave enough about Battlefield Vegas! When in Vegas, this place is a MUST. They pick you up and drop you off for free (In a Humvee!) we had one guy who picked us up at our hotel, and another who dropped us off, and they were both so friendly. The girls at the counter knew what they were talking about, and were so helpful. Being the first time I've ever shot a gun, I had no idea what to choose, and they gave suggestions and they were right. My husband and I had a blast! Our "instructor" was friendly and professional.You are allowed to walk around outside and go in and climb on the army vehicles.. Helicopter, tank, trucks, etc.  Without a doubt the next time we are in Vegas we will return, and we already told all of our friends who are planning to visit that this place is a must. Hands down my favorite thing we did during our Vegas vacation.
5	This was going to be my big splurge this time in Vegas... not a show, not a big dinner, but the Black Ops package at Battlefield Vegas. I picked Battlefield Vegas over some of the other gun ranges in Las Vegas due to their favorable reviews on Yelp, and they were absolutely right on in their assessment. Firstly, you can reserve your desired package online--and you can add other firearms "a la carte" to any package. I picked rifles and handguns that I'd either "used" in video games or in the airsoft world: a Colt 1911, an MP5, an Uzi, an M4, an AK47, and the Tavor.You call to schedule a time, and a camo Humvee comes to pick you up. The driver was exceptionally polite and friendly, as was everyone at the facility--which makes sense since they're all ex-military. They give you some basic training, give you ear and eye protection, then take you into the range. These things are LOUD. I've only ever shot .22 rifles at Scout camp, so it was pretty eye (and ear) opening. When we went in I asked "what is that gun that's so loud?" My assigned range officer said "That's the M4 that you'll be shooting soon." Wow.They'll take pictures or videos of you shooting; you get to switch from semi-auto to full auto; and you get to keep your target. Is there a down side? Well, it's not cheap. Most guns are $50 or so to fire 25 rounds, and on full-auto that can go pretty fast. So, it's not cheap... but it's Las Vegas!  What IS cheap in Las Vegas? You can blow $200 in the casino in no time, or at a restaurant pretty easily. For that same amount, I got a bunch of pictures and an awesome experience.HIghly, highly recommended. Great business. I wish them every success!
5	Fiancee surprised me for my birthday and we flew into Vegas and went to Battlefield. After going, I have to say this is by far my favorite thing to do in Vegas.Nick was my instructor and he was extremely professional and safe throughout the entire duration. Would definitely go again.The whole thing is really intense. If you have a fear of guns, it's probably not a good idea to go here, but if you've always wanted to shoot a military grade weapons, this is your place to go.Also the range is indoors, and air conditioned, which is a plus depending on what time of year you are going.
5	Fantastic birthday surprise and outstanding experience from pick up to drop off. The hummer pick up was prompt and a fun way to start...Steve (our instructor) was funny, patient, and professional...the Special Forces package had every weapon I had ever fantasied about shooting and even the wife enjoyed hitting the bullseye with an MP5. I've never been to the other shooting ranges in town...but I can't see the experience being any better than Battlefield Vegas...awesome selection of weapons...GREAT people...left with HUGE grin and one torn up target.
5	Had a great time at this place today with my son and niece. Highly recommend if you're looking to do something different from gambling or shopping!!!!  They have a HUGE selection of weapons and provide 1-on-1 instruction before you proceed to fire!!!! Will be going again.
5	Battlefield Vegas is a top notch establishment. The staff is both knowledgeable and friendly, which I believe gives them a distinct advantage in the Las Vegas tourist market. This range is an excellent example of what a responsible sport shooting establishment should be.The chosen firearms during my visit were the M4 and Type 56 AK pattern rifle, both of which were of very good quality. I got every penny's worth of enjoyment when I shot these unique pieces of military hardware. Brooke was my assigned Range Safety Officer and his professionalism was beyond reproach. He took the time to explain the differences between both rifles, how to operate them in a safe manner, and tips about proper form and manipulation. People like Brooke define the quality that Battlefield Vegas is known for.The parking lot features several military vehicles that visitors can explore and take pictures with. The staff will even pick you up from your hotel free of charge in a bona fide HMMWV. Given my experience, it's safe to say that all of my future trips to Las Vegas will include some range time at Battlefield Vegas.
5	Wow.  Just WOW.We were the first in line on a Sunday morning because we couldn't WAIT to shoot automatic weapons on the day of the lord.  Our range guy was Saylor and he was brilliantly professional and informative.  There were four in our group and he explained everything to each of us without making three of us feel like the bleeding heart gun control liberals that we are.I bought the Seal Team Six package because I had fantasies of shooting Somali pirates and bin Laden playing on the DVD inside my head.  The package included:SIG P-226: 20 roundsMP5 SD: 25 roundsM4 CQBR: 25 roundsM-249 SAW: 40 roundsWhat a freaking RUSH.  One member of our group was celebrating his birthday, so they gave him a grenade launcher to shoot as a freebie.  Way cool of them and it makes A VERY LARGE NOISE.Next to gambling in Vegas, shooting heavy artillery is now my favorite attraction.  It's pricey, but wonderfully wicked fun for those of us who live in states that ban most of these weapons.  Ask for Saylor - he'll take great care of you.
5	This is the real deal people.  Hands down !! Come here and be blowin away by everything. Haha no pun.   Tanks in the parking lots, helicopter, bombs, humvees. Guns,guns,guns.  Oh did  I say guns.  ( whispers- They have really cool GUNS!!! Booyahhhh) oh don't forget to pick up your jaw.  " You want big time.  I'll give you big time.  Here comes the pain!! "  ok yelps what movie now???  (It's  a gangster movie)
5	My first time in Vegas. I've never shot a gun.  It was awesome ! The employees are friendly and very competent. I'll definitely come back the next time.
5	If you are looking for something to do while you are in Vegas, I would highly recommend coming here and shooting some guns!They have ALL sorts of guns to shoot and each one is unique and fun to shoot :) I would recommend at least getting 3+ guns or a package when coming here because how often do you get to shoot fully automatic weapons?!?!?!The staff here is very helpful and will make sure that you have a good shooting experience, whether you are an experienced shooter or never held a gun in your life. Plus you get free rides to and from there.Overall I would recommend coming at least once while you are in Vegas and bring the whole family because who doesn't like shooting stuff :)
5	It was my 1st time so I don't have much to go by but the entire experience couldn't have gone any better. I organized a group and from the 1st call, everything was pretty seamless. I always like to get everything in writing so I don't get screwed in the end. They were fine writing emails and actually responded to emails. Everything they said was going to happen, did and they were on time for pick up and ready to drop us off when ready. THEY PICK UP AND DROP OFF FOR FREE! Great gun selection and the teachers were very helpful. Again, it was my 1st time and I only shot one person on accident. Again, I would definitely recommend! I called around to approx. 5 other places and this was the cheapest and luckily the easiest to work with because the 2 usually don't go hand in hand.
5	Recently went to the battlefield vegas facility on a monday.  I have to say that it was better than advertised.  It was EASY to find EASY to get in and out, EASY to choose what you want to enjoy, and fun.  I have shot at other places in town like american shooter's supply and the gun store.  These places are good, but the battlefield vegas is better.  When you arrive there is plenty of parking.  You come into the shop with lots of items for sale and memorabilia.   You also have plenty of space in the store.  There are rooms to go into with couches for your group.  This place is obviously a good place for groups and parties.Once you decide on what package you want (which are meant to depict certain eras like world war II allies and axis,) etc. you get a receipt and then you move to the shooting.  There is an attendant that is there in case you have any questions and he guides you through the process of loading, gun operation and other safety concerns.  You know that you are in good hands with the people that work there.  Each person is a former serviceman.  They have the real training and the understanding to guide you through shooting and answer any questions that you might have about the process or the history of any of the guns that they have to offer.  For example I shot the BAR 1918 full auto 30-06 with a bi pod.  This gun is unusual, and rare to say the least and is not the sort of thing that you typically find at the other places.  This is just the beginning of selection that the battlefield vegas has.  I strongly recommend going here.  They know how to make sure that your trip is worth it and they even offer pick up and drop off at the hotels.  Highly recommended.
5	"You cannot invade the mainland United States. There would be a rifle behind every blade of grass." - Isoroku YamamotoAll the men that work here have served their country. Tip them well! 70 years after D-Day I came here to celebrate my daughter's high school graduation. I opted for the D-day package while my daughter had the G.I. Jane. We were picked up by an authentic military humvee. No A/C but I was told by the mid of June all the humvees will have doors, a roof, and A/C. The driver and my trainer were beyond courteous and very welcoming. The training is thorough and you are given the opportunity to load and cock your own weapon. In addition, the trainer makes sure there are plenty of photo ops. You can also take pics with the helicopter and vehicles outside. When I think of World War 2, "Saving Private Ryan" and "Pearl Harbor" come to mind. So many have made the ultimate sacrifice. Their weapons have always fascinated me and in this moment I was able to shoot the same weapons our American soldiers used to fight the Germans and Japanese. The M1 Garand is an amazing rifle. Plenty of power and by far my favorite weapon because of it's historic value and accuracy. I got all head shots! The Thompson looks so easy in the movies. But once you pull that trigger and let the auto loose you are spraying the target. Oh what a blast that was! My daughter did well. Head shots and red targets. Her favorite was the Colt M4 because of the scope and it reminded her of playing call of duty. The weapon selection is extensive. P90, MP5, ACR, Scar, MG, and so on and so on. There's so many to choose from! There are about a dozen packages available. Even one for the kids with weapons using .22. I can't wait to come back and try a .50 sniper rifle. This is a definite adrenaline rush and an experience you can't miss! Boom!
5	Shooting semi auto will never be fun anymore, lol. This place is frickin awesome, i popped my full-auto cherry here. The selection of full auto rifles is amazing and varied. They also hooked me and my buddies up with some free firearms/magazines to shoot because it was my bachelor party!!! The instructors/range officers were really nice dudes that let us enjoy the weapons while keeping everything safe. I also got to shoot a desert eagle and a s&w 500, among other pieces that i've always wanted to shoot.Would I go back? ONLY EVERY SINGLE TIME I'M IN VEGAS!! This is seriously a must check out place.
5	Well if that wasn't a great place to "pop the cherry" I don't know...As I haven't been shooting guns before (other than an old WWII Mauser) I didn't know what to expect.The location was great, as I drove there myself in my rental. Signs outside was easy to spot, parking even easier.Ordering guns, was easy while I could choose from different packages. Found the Black Ops appealing and choose a SIG MK225 as an ADD-on.The service ordering my package was professional and when I was called in to shoot, the lady that had served me 10 minutes earlier, took the time to say "enjoy" while she was serving another person.The instructor, gave a fast intro to the experience and we were off to the shooting Gallery.Every weapon change was handled fast and effeciently - small advice on leaning into the gun when shooting on "auto" was welcome.All in all a great place to shoot - the prices seems very decent.I would go again - loved the pistol feeling.
5	Our safety officer Jon was great, the guns were clean & they were all in perfect working order. Jon walked us through each weapon before shooting. It was a lot of fun & I highly recommend this range. I ordered the "Private Ryan Experience" and my wife chose the "Seal Team Six Experience", we also added an AK47 for kicks.They are very organized and they are very safety conscious. I can't wait to go again!
5	This was a fantastic experience! We got picked up in a humvee by Trevor, and took some photos with the tanks and helicopters they have on site. Once we went in my boyfriend picked out what packages he wanted. It was my first time shooting so I was planning on just trying a couple, and they were helpful at guiding us through what I could use since understandably they don't pass loaded guns from one person to another. We did the SWAT team package with some add ons. We worked with Sean on the range, who was great. He was really knowledgeable and helpful and did a great job of walking me through what to do, and made me feel less nervous. He even pushed me to try full auto at the end when I was using the MP 5, which I needed!  I felt very safe and the environment was very professional and fun.  Overall an awesome experience, I HIGHLY recommend Battlefield Vegas.
5	This place was very cool! They went all out for the battlefield theme. They had a wide and unique selection of firearms! I finally got to shoot the Tavor, Glock 18, and Chiappa Rhino!The price is Vegas priced for shooting so expect to pay 400% the normal price of ammo... I would normally take off a star for that but seeing how all the other places around are the same I can't hold it against this place.The staff was very friendly and professional! I happen to go during a slower time. I was in and out within 15 minutes, probably less than 5 minutes of actual shooting. That's what happens when you fire full auto guns.... I'd recommend this place over the other Vegas run ranges simple because their staff! Their weapon selection was a little better than thegunshop or discountguns. Prices were about the same. It's close to circus circus (across the street). Good place to take friends/relatives that are from overseas and can't fire guns in their own country.
5	Amazingly friendly staff members, they picked us up at our hotel and dropped us off where we wanted. The environment of the place feels very fitting and completes the experience. Their selection of fire arms is the widest I've seen around. Definitely worth it!
5	Went to Battlefield Vegas with a small group of guys in town for a wedding, and I highly recommend it.  I'd do it again in a heartbeat.We were picked up at our hotel by a staff member in a military issue Humvee. Had an enjoyable ride, arrived, and talked with a female staff member who was educated, patient, and helpful.  We all created our own packages and spent an average of $150-$200 apiece.Our instructors were professional, knowledgeable, and funny.  It was a great mix of adrenaline and excitement, and we all felt safe at the same time.  We were allowed to take lots of pictures and videos as well.  Most of us were inexperienced with guns, but everyone had a blast.  Our driver took us up to Fremont street afterwards since that was where we wanted to go, so we saved a few bucks in cab fare as well.It can be scary investing in an "experience" activity in a tourist town, but Battlefield Vegas was the real deal.  Great staff, a safe and clean environment, and a unique experience.  I wouldn't take a chance on any other gun range now that I've been here.
5	Simply phenomenal time today.  Packages were a good value, but I went a la carte so that I could shoot specific weapons.  I was a walk-in, but they had me on the firing line in under 30 minutes.  Range Safety Officer Doug ran me through the specifics of each weapon, made sure I was operating them properly and even took pictures of me with my target and weapon after each spent mag.  Definitely the highlight of my Vegas trip.
5	Excellent services and unforgetable moments when I got some perfect shots with Glock and M4
5	The Minigun was a friggin blast at 4500 rounds per min. Doug was great on the range! Was my daughter bday and she got a bonus Hello Kitty AK.
5	So much fun! Excellent assortment of everything you could ever wanna shoot! AND it's a free lift to and from anywhere on the strip or dt! So remember to TIP your drivers bc they're doin YOU the favor of transport and saving you from sketchy taxi rides.
5	Went to battlefield a few days ago and it was one of my favorite things in Vegas! As a 5'2, 90lb ballerina I was scared out of my mind but everyone there was fabulous.The ladies who helped us pick out what we were shooting were extremely helpful and not pushy to try higher priced guns. The two boys with us each shot 4 guns and the girls did two. When we went in to shoot I had Nick who helped me out and he was wonderful. He was so patient and explained everything to me so that I knew exactly what to do! I recommend spending the $10 to shoot the souvenir tshirt because then you get that and the target. It was an awesome experience and I cant wait to do it again when I go back!
5	Took my 16yr old daughter here to shoot for her 1st time. She did "The Little Giants" package. Our range guide was Doug and he was awesome!! After shooting all the .22 cal weapons Doug broke out the an M4 to finish. Battlefield Vegas was super professional and knowledgeable. You have a choice in Vegas.....choose Battlefield Vegas.
5	We went back 12 months later and it was another great outing! I love these guys. I tip our observer ever time and I hope you all do too.
5	Very good, you walk in and you choose gun and how much ammo. After 5-15 minutes you go into a room where you get ammo, gun, glasses and more. Then you walk into the shooting range (it is very loud) and a guy teaches you how to hold the gun and then he let's you shoot. If you have family/friends who come but doesn't wanna shoot, there is a great shop in the same building (plus a great waiting room with couches and tv )
5	It Was a Blast!There are many combinations of guns in various packages from which to choose.  I got to fire a Tommy gun- a 1928 Thompson submachine gun, fully automatic, which was awesome! I also fired an AK47 fully auto, and that was fun, too. Finished up with the powerful Desert Eagle handgun and felt the meaning of firepower.The range instructor was outstanding. Tons of guns from which to choose. It was a blast and I'll do it again.  They'll even pick you up in an authentic Humvee, if you prefer.
5	My visit to Battlefield Las Vegas was outstanding. John Sayler our range officer was professional, courteous and applied just the right amount of guidance to my group who were all experienced shoooters. John and the other range officers run a safe and fun business and it was really nice to be in the company of so many vets - thanks for the great time guys and for serving our country, I can't wit to come back again!kj
5	Even better than you're expecting! We came here for my brothers bachelor party, and even after reading reviews for the other 15 gun ranges in Vegas, were still sure this was the best one. And man, was that a great decision. It was the highlight of our entire weekend, and with great recommendations on packages and guns, so much fun. If you go be absolutely sure to request Drew on the indoor range (not sure if he's outside to). He continually went above and beyond to make sure our experience was everything we expected and more. The entire staff, from the front desk to range were all great, and all seem to love their job, and be incredibly knowledgeable about the entire thing.Be sure if you go you add at least one machine gun to your package. Everyone else in the indoor range is disappointed when they hear someone else ripping off a PKM or SAW, and they're only doing rifles. Be sure to get something belt-fed into your package. You won't regret it!PROS: Truthfully, most everything. I'd make a trip back to Vegas just for another day here. Easy to get to, lots of parking (if you drive) shuttle services (in Hummers) to pick up and drop off if needed, intelligent and skilled people working inside, who genuinely love their job.CONS:Really none that we experienced. My only suggestion to anyone going here and using the hummer shuttle service is to give ample time ahead when calling to get picked up. We called on the fly to get picked up, and the wait time was about 2 hours, so we just decided to drive ourself. But they totally advertise that, and tell you that over the phone. So that was on us.RECOMMENDATIONS:Do the modern War Gamer package and a few add-ons (at least 1 belt fed machine gun, and maybe a sniper rifle or mp3 to mix it up). With all of these you get the most bang for your buck and walk away feeling great.  Also - if possible, ask for Drew - he was amazing.
5	Be prepared to spend some money.  But you get to fire some powerful weapons.  We went there on Wednesday for my son's birthday.  His range safety officer was Matt, and he was friendly, relaxed, and helpful.  My son fired the P2000 and the FN-FAL assault rifles and he had a blast.  We will be back.
5	These guys are GREAT!! Super-friendly and helpful staff and their selection of guns is second-to-none, especially if you are into historical stuff. Their pricing is also reasonable.I would recommend this place to anyone and will definitely go back when I am in Vegas again.
4	So our experience overall was great. Here is the breakdownOrdering and Pickup:Ordering online was easy and we scheduled a pickup via email at our hotel at 9:30 AM by their military Humvee. We get to our valet at 9:25 and the driver is there waiting for us. Love it when people are on time. Our driver Gabriel was great. He was humorous and knowledgeable. Definitely made it fun getting there and memorable.At the range:Lost a star here. The experience was great and the instructor made it a safe experience for us first time shooters. So the star was lost when the guns were brought out and one of the weapons I ordered online (Mosin-Nagant PU Sniper Rifle) came without  the sniper scope and was just a rifle. After questioning the instructor on the discrepancy, he informed me that this gun never comes with a scope. Lame...Rechecking their website and my confirmation order shows that it was indeed suppose to come with the scope. (Under "weapons" - "Sniper Rifles" on their website).  I am however glad that I fired the Mosin-Nagant as it was a real fun gun.Overall:Besides the issue with the sniper rifle that wasn't a sniper rifle, this place is a great place to go if you never fired a gun. I recommend getting a pistol, rifle, and one sub-machine gun to get the most out of your trip here.
5	An amazing experience.  We saw a Humvee on the strip with the Battlefield Vegas logo.  I decided to find out all about it.  No reservations are needed but are suggested if you don't want to wait.  We waited approximately 30 minutes from the time we ordered our package to the time our names were called.  Not bad for a busy day. They have storefront so there is stuff to look through. There are so many packages to choose from at different prices.  I learned that if you call in advance, the Humvee will pick you up and drop you off right from your hotel.We went with the black ops package.  My hubby and I shared the package.  They add an extra $20 if you want to split their packages.  This is probably for the extra target you get.  I shot the MP5 and M4.  My hubby shot the Uzi and AK47.  Our SRO (safety resource officer) Jeffrey was super nice and helpful.  He explained our next steps and was by our side the whole time and gave us tips along the way. They provided us with safety glasses and ear protection.  I was hooked to this place the moment the first shot rang out.  I couldn't believe it.  So much power but so smooth at the same time.  Too bad we live in California. Otherwise, my husband would have bought an Uzi after this experience.  I highly recommend if you wanted to do something different than the usual while in Vegas.  Be sure to tip your SRO.  I believe most, if not all, are former military.
5	Just got back from an impromptu customer event at Battlefield Vegas. What a blast!  A little pricey but worth every penny.  Great selection of unique weapons. All the instructors are prior service military so know what they are doing.  Big shout out to Doug and Carlos. Knowledgeable, funny and patient with the newbies. Great range facilities.  Just the right focus on safety without being overwhelming. They offer HMMWV rides to and from their facility which is minutes from the Strip. If you want a truly different experience, give Battlefield Vegas a try. Great time.
5	I booked my son's "select fire" experience online. I booked the "Private Ryan" experience for my son which was easily done online.We were picked up at our hotel on time and were at Battlefield Las Vegas in short order in a open air Humvee. After a short safety brief by Nick B and James, finger indexed (out of the guard), point the weapon down range at all times, ect.Off to the range for some trigger time. My son was scheduled to fire a Springfield 1903 with scope, M-1 Grand in 30-06, 1911 in 45 ACP, M-1 Carbine. "However, he actually fired a M-2 select fire model." The M-2 malfunctioned in fully auto. Possible a sear/dirt issue with the weapon. No fear, out comes the grease gun in 45 ACP which was not on the "Private Ryan". A firearm my son always wanted to fire. The Thompson machine gun, and a Browning Automatic Rifle. Plenty of photos/ video opportunity and a BIG smile on my son. Thanx again Nick and James...and thank you for your service.
4	While in Vegas I wanted to check this place out because it seemed right up my alley. I checked out a few reviews and they seemed okay there was nothing really wrong or disappointing about this place. From the pictures I saw it looked like it would be pretty fun.So I got to Vegas and stayed at the Mirage which is across the street from the Venetian. I didn't want to take a cab there so I walked and it really wasn't that far. The battlefield is right behind Circus Circus but I did take a cab back to my room. Before you even get to the property you can see all the helicopters, trucks and tanks. You can also go to the helicopters, tanks and jeeps to sit inside of and take pics. So I go inside and the A/C is on full blast which was a nice touch. I didn't shoot anything but the customers that were coming out of the shooting range seemed to be very happy. They have a lot of merchandise to buy from t-shirts to key chains and also gun supplies.They have a lot of famous machine guns that are a little expensive to shoot in my opinion. I understand because this is a business and I know ammo can be pricey unless they're using reloads. They had different packages to shoot one package was if you wanted to shoot about 8 or 9 different machine gun it was about 7 or 800 dollars.If I come back to Vegas I probably will check this place out again. Next time I will have them pick me up in one of their Humvees.
3	This place is amazing! Lots of different packages to choose from, ranging from $100 all the way up to $1300. Our safety instructor (John) was very helpful, friendly and knowledgeable. The property that the building sits on is very cool - lots of military vehicles all around and you can walk around and take all the pictures you want. You can also take pictures inside the range, which is cool. I would have given them 5 stars, but they get marked down because of their transport system. At 2pm, we arranged to be picked up at 5pm at our hotel (near the airport shuttle bays) in one of their military humvees. A lady called me at 450pm, and told me that the driver was stuck in traffic and would be there closer to 510pm, which was fine. I understand that traffic in Las Vegas is very busy at 5 o'clock. We saw the humvee pass by around 515, but we didn't see him again after that. It quickly became clear that he was lost. I had to call them back and tell them that we were waiting and it seemed that he was lost. He finally picked us up at 530pm. Be warned - it is truly a military humvee - no windows, no doors, no AC! It was kind of cool however, riding down the strip in a humvee, but it would have been better if it hadn't been 100 degrees at the time!So we went to the range, went shooting, and when we were done, John our instructor asked us if we needed a ride back to our hotel, to which we said yes. He said that the driver was getting fuel, so feel free to go outside and look around for about 15 minutes then come back inside and we'll take you back. 15 minutes later, we come back in and ask for our ride. A different guy says that the drivers are out getting fuel and it will be about another 10 or 15 minutes. Ok fine... so we walked around the store, walked around outside and came back inside again about 15 minutes later. Same guy says to me again that the drivers are getting fuel, and that it will be about another 10 or 15 minutes. I explained to him that twice now I have been told 10 or 15 minutes. He seemed apologetic, and told us to wait in the little waiting area and he personally would come get us when the driver arrived in a few minutes. 20 minutes later and we're still sitting there. I walk back up to the counter and tell him that it's been over an hour now, and I'm still waiting. He says, oh, go out these doors and your driver is waiting. It seemed like he had totally forgot about us.So, overall the experience was good, but if I do go back here again, I will most likely consider using a different form of transportation. It might seem like I'm being highly critical here, but hey, Las Vegas is a tourist destination, and I guess that I expected them to be a little more organized with their transportation system.
5	Came to Vegas for a mini family vacation. We are avid shooters and wanted to try something different. My husband was looking around and found Battlefield Las Vegas. It had pretty good reviews so we decided to check it out. The facility is huge. The staff is friendly and very knowledgeable. We decided to shoot a Kriss Vector and an MP5. I was a little nervous because my 13 year old was going to shoot. We have always shot with my husband's instructions but this time we would be shooting with the RSO. Kelly was awesome. He made us feel comfortable from the beginning. He was very thuro with his instructions, as well as SAFE. At all times, Kelly had control of the weapons. He assessed my son's comfort and weapon control level before he asked if he wanted to try full automatic. My son opted not to shoot auto. Having knowledge and respect for weapons already as well as good instruction made for a great day at the range. Thanks Kelley...when we got back that evening we heard about the tragedy at a range in AZ with an 8 yr old girl and an UZI and I kept replaying how you were with my son. AMAZING.  We will definitely come back
5	I WILL NEVER GO TO LAS VEGAS AGAIN WITHOUT COMING TO THIS PLACE! The whole experience was soooo much better than I expected or thought it could be. I called in the later afternoon and they picked me and my friend up at my hotel within 30 min, in a military humvee with no doors, for free! After a quick ride to the range, we got inside and got to look at all the guns and different packages available. The had the best prices and best selection by far. On top of that, they had all kinds of different specials and add ons. We picked what we wanted, paid,  and were in the range shooting within 15 min! Way faster than I thought it would be because there were several groups in front of us, including a group of 9. The instructor was amazing, and I felt like it was important to him that we left knowing how to shoot AND AIM each weapon correctly. He also brought out several other guns that we didn't pay for, and let us aim them down the range. He always made sure we got good photos and video during each weapon, including posing with each gun and the target afterwards. I can't say enough about what a great experience it was! I shot sniper rifle, a 9mm handgun, 3 fully automatic weapons including the AK47, and a shotgun with plenty of rounds for each all for $200.  If there was more time, we would have gone a second time for sure. I would plan a trip to Vegas just to go here.
4	The actual shooting experience was a 5, but the front desk experience was very poor. The girl who checked us in was simply rude.  I don't recall her name, but she had what I believe was an Eastern European accent.  She clearly did not care if our experience was good or not, and tried to rush us through our selection.  Had she been less obnoxious, we probably would have added more to our package.  When we made our selections and she entered them in the computer, she gave us the total.  I told her I had made a $100 deposit, and she said, in a very rude manner, "You should have told me that first."  She then acted as though I was the most inconvenient person in the universe, and rolled her eyes while saying the system wouldn't allow her to add the credit.  Another woman eventually showed her how to fix it, and seemed much more professional.  I noticed that the other employees checking in other customers seemed friendly and informative, so I'm hoping that this one employee is an anomaly.  Additionally, after paying the $100 to secure a pickup time, we ended up not getting picked up.  This was sort of our fault, as I was told by Battlefield Vegas to meet the driver at the "tour bus lobby", so I asked the front desk staff at our hotel (the Bellagio) where that was, and was directed to the front of the hotel where the outdoor valet area is.  Evidently, the tour bus lobby is actually underground, so the driver came, didn't see us, and left.  However, when I called to ask where he was and explained the situation, the answer was basically, "Well, he's already at another hotel."  We drove ourselves, which was fine, but slightly irritating since then only reason I paid the deposit was to get picked up.  Although it wasn't Battlefield Vegas' fault, I would have appreciated it had there been enough customer service to have the driver pick us up.  It was about a ten minute drive from the Bellagio, and there is a large parking lot.  Once we made it through the pick-up issue and the rude front desk employee, I was getting really worried that the whole experience, a gift for my husband's birthday, was going to be awful.  I shouldn't have worried; our safety ranger, Doug, completely turned our experience around!  My husband selected the Modern Warfare package, and added the Remington 700.  He enjoyed the experience immensely!  Doug was respectful, helpful, gave useful tips, and generally went out of his way to make the experience memorable and fun.  Safety was obviously a priority, as it should be at any range.  Doug and the other safety rangers were consistently polite and respectful.  Based on the actual shooting experience, we will definitely return and request Doug!
5	Me and a buddy of mine came out to vegas for a few days last week.  All the travel sighs and attraction sights said battlefield vegas was the #1 spot to go.  This place starts off great right off the bay, if you call to make a reservation they will pick you up in a Humvee which is really cool...second, you arrive in the parking lot to see real tanks and helicopters, and huge cannons...third, they have packages of different guns you can choose from a ton of different types, they basically have whatever you want.  It's so easy to pick your guns and get started.  Everyone goes in with their own instructor, and they are all great .  We had James,  he was friendly, knowledgable, funny, and eager to show us a fun time.  Just make sure you take your time shooting, because it goes by quickly.  And watch out for the AK-47 , it had a bit of a kick to it.
5	When in Vegas and the urge to blow things up strikes your fancy then Battlefield Vegas is an awesome experience! Amazing gun range! So many old school war era gun packages to choose from. Full or semi automatic. Rifles, to hand guns, to Tommy Guns, to AK 47 machine guns. Guns from different battles and countries. Just an amazing selection of weapons to choose from. All authentic from each era too and kept in terrific condition.  WW2 D-Day was mine plus an AK47 for kicks. What an awesome feeling shooting a Colt 1911, an M1 Garand, and a Thompson sub machine gun. The guns back then were much heavier and you can really feel a kick when shooting them. I have huge respect for all those that served in WW2 and what they went through, especially carrying these heavier weapons and ammo when in battle. Wow.Awesome staff and personal range master to walk you through and instruct. You are supplied with eye and ear protection. The instructors are all current and former military personnel that guide you through and stand close by every step of the way. Great guys that were patient, answered any questions, and really knew their stuff. On the outside lot that surrounds the place you can see all kinds of military vehicles such as jeeps, helicopters, trucks, and tanks. You can to sit inside of them and take pictures too. It's like a Disney Land for military buffs. The store inside offers all kinds of cool merchandise for sale too from clothing to accessories.It's a bit pricey here, but I expected that considering the weapons on hand and the maintenance involved, plus keeping the ammo in stock for each specific gun. So worth it! They even have free pickup and drop off in an old military hummer which was a great perk when traveling on The Strip. I wanna go back already and shoot more stuff!
5	Probably the most fun I've had at a range in a long time.  Maybe ever.Unfortunately I live in CA and our nazi overlords restrict our gun privileges.  So everyone is usually in a bad mood in CA. Ok, not everyone, but enough to where it isn't as "fun" as it used to be.It's a different story here.  I'll warn you, if you just want to take your gun to a range and practice, this ISN'T the place to go. I doubt anyone had that impression, but I'd rather state the facts than have people assume.  Also, it is a bit pricey.  It's a tourist spot for sure, but not like disneyland tourists.  Just people on vacation looking to try something they have never done before.  You get (must have) a range safety officer with you at all times.  They load the guns for you and show you how to use them (if you don't know how).  Nick was my RSO and he could tell I've shot before, so the instructions were brief.  He would load them up and I'd shoot them.  When we were done, he took me to the vault to see all the other toys they have.  I definitely have to come back and try some of them.You can have them pick you up if you are staying on the strip, but I was just passing through, so I drove myself. Plenty of parking and easy to get to. You can't miss it.Great place to experience shooting all kinds of guns.  Highly recommended.
5	These guys pick you up in a sweet army vehicle and are so happy that you're coming to shoot a gun. The bloke that helped us with our shooting was absolutely great when helping my wife to shoot an mp5 and was just the same when walking me through my 4 guns. Really well run business.
5	I really recommend this place. Excellent range. Great choice of weapons and helpful, knowledgeable staff.I had a great time firing a Uzi, and was very pleased with the overall organization of this company.
5	I had fired an AK-47 before at a different location in Vegas (The Gun Store) so this wasn't my first time firing an automatic weapon. This trip to Vegas however I wanted to find a place that had the Steyr AUG to fire. (which is a weapon The Gun Store does not carry) Anyway this place was easy to find, pretty much directly behind Circus Circus. There was no line of people inside so we went right up and told them what we wanted to shoot. They gave us a buzzer we walked around for a couple of minutes, I'd estimate between 8-10 minutes and our buzzer went off. This was WAY more laid back than the Gun Store, when we went there everything was cramped and we stood in a zig-zag line the entire time inching our way to the range. This is one of the main reasons I'm giving Battlefield such a high rating. We make are way to the range and our instructor was Andy (I'm 90% sure that was his name) he was incredibly friendly and talked us through each step of what would be going on. Much nicer than the instructor we had at Gun Store. Anyway, we finish firing our weapons and it comes picture time to pose with them. This is where Battlefield get's it's 5th star easily. At Gun Store they WOULD NOT let me pose holding the AK-47 with the clip in it or my finger ANYWHERE near the trigger. Here Andy took out the clip to make sure the weapon was empty, popped it back in and let me pose with the clip in and even my finger on the trigger. MASSIVE points are earned for this very small detail, from my point of view anyway. I will DEFINITELY be going back to Battlefield Vegas on one of my future Vegas trips. Thanks for an awesome time!Weapons fired @ Battlefield Vegas; Steyr AUG (5 shots single fire the rest full auto) Pump Action Shotgun (5 shells, would have been cooler if it was 8 though) Walther P-38 (2 full clips fired)
5	Oh man, had the best time there. Got a free pick up and dropped back of at our hotel. People are so nice here. I like this place and i will be back. Had a totally awesome time. I recommend this place. They have over 500 machine guns and i like that. Want to shoot more... i am so pumped right now!!!
5	My friend and I were in Vegas for a work conference. During our 5 days there we did what any two ladies without their husbands would do, catch a show--Thunder From Down Under, and shoot some full auto rifles!Battlefield Vegas was the highlight of the two! The girl at the cashier counter was nice enough and our RSO, Nick, was so helpful in direction and not to mention a little bit of eye candy ;-) It was my friend's first time ever shooting and Nick talked her through the process. She did great. We shared the black ops package which included an Uzi, MP5, M4, and AK47. My favorite was the MP5, perfect for the ladies, hardly any recoil and super easy to handle full auto. I'm in love. Our hubby's were so jealous :) We took the free ride back to our hotel in a Humvee. Didn't have to wait long at all.The whole experience was unforgettable.
5	Went here today. I'm now in the official seal team six reserve. Ready to kick ass when called for duty. Thanks for the training my brother in arms.
5	Veteran owned and staff. Very friendly and professional. You get your own instructor and they seem to really enjoy coaching you on each gun. I would go back in a heartbeat.
5	The most friendliest people all round. They walk you through it all, give you an experience you will never forget and most of all, the range they have is just out of this world. Together with the army tanks and choppers out front, you really get a feel for it all
5	WOW! Very well done. Professional and a hole lot of fun! I fired a M-60 machinegun which was a bucket list thing. My range person was cool and in control which I liked.I later went to the static displays and that added to the experience.I am planning my next trip to Las Vegas to go to the Battlefield which  will be my first stop. Thanks again.
5	Great place to shoot semi auto and full auto guns. Ordered the Black Ops Package that came with 4 guns (a full clip on each to shoot)  - Uzi - MP5 - M4 - Ak-47I had an awesome instructor named Kelly who explained how each gun worked and what to watch out for. Very professional and nice. Albeit a little pricey at nearly $160, I would definitely recommend this place!
5	The two of us went to Battlefield Vegas, and after a short wait, we were in the room and being introduced to the weapons.  When we first paid for the packages (and you can just pick any weapon or weapons a la carte if you like), there are almost a dizzying amount of options. There are German Nazi weapons from world war II, but also Russian weapons from the same war, and the American and British weapons from WW II as well.  I wanted to fire a fully automatic weapon, and the Swat package, which was reasonable, had a fully automatic machine gun rifle, a shotgun, a sniper rifle, and a handgun.  So, a little bit of each. What fun.  The 9mm handgun was first, and had a good kickback.  The sniper rifle was next, and that gun had a great scope, but kicked back about 3 inches, so you had to be very careful to not put your eye up to the scope, or you would definitely get a black eye and a hard hit to the eye socket.The shotgun was next, and then the machine gun, which had the least amount of kick back.  Our range trainer, who was ex military, was awesome.  He was very patient, and did not rush us at all.  He explained everything fully, and was always safety first.  We felt safe and well informed.
5	As my son has become obsessed with FPS games as of late we wanted to surprise him for his birthday and Battlefield did not disappoint. The have a package that is chambered for a .22LR that is tailored for younger kids. Each person has their own instructor who ensures safety and makes sure everything goes smoothly. He was able to shoot: SIG MOSQUITOE: , WALTHER P-22:, MPI-69:, M-16: He had an absolute blast. I chose the MP-5 which was a blast as well. They have an exhaustive list of firearms and packages you can chose from up to a mini gun that shoots 5000 rounds a minute. We did not have a long wait, its right off the strip, everybody was friendly, and I cannot recommend this enough.
4	I had an incredible time at battlefield Vegas. I got to shoot a .380 Mac-11, m2 carbine, G36C, beretta PM-12, and a .308 SCAR all fully-automatic. I really liked the fact that the instructor who took me on the range was really polite and helpful. The fact they have nearly 400 weapons really entices me to go back next time I'm in Vegas. My only knock on the place was that one of the women at the counter had a slight attitude when I was asking questions about the 1911 pistols they had and weather they had a tec-9 or not.  Other than that, the experience was great.
5	Just amazing. The whole 9 yards. If you don't go here you're an idiot.
4	I visited Battlefield Vegas recently and paid for the black ops package and added on the Tommy gun 1928 with a drum magazine. it was a blast to shoot machine guns though it went by very quickly. I would have liked to be able to savor the experience a bit more. The location was great. it is very close to the strip and easy to get to. They have plenty of free parking on location and also offer a free shuttle where they pick you up in an open air Humvee. i imagine driving on the strip in that is fun. The instructor (Jason) was friendly and knowledgable. I appreciate the confidence and guidance and I think it is great that he served our country and is a veteran. The price was a bit much though it was certainly a unique experience to fire machine guns. I would  have liked to be able to shoot a bit more. All said and done I certainly would return. They have a great variety of machine guns and other weapons.
5	Not sure what this says about my sexual proclivity, but I become thoroughly aroused with the KRISS .45. At 1200 rounds per minute it was an experience to say the least.   Also ran an MP5 and a Galil. Nothing special.  I would stick to subguns next time.     I got to say the staff here is top notch. Professional but not preachy. Very knowledgeable and friendly.
