4	I've only anxiously awaited the opening of this blissful little nugget for like, um, two years now. And I'm not a very patient girl so the anticipation has been killing me. But finally, Bliss has opened inside the posh new W hotel and it's almost everything I could ask for ... almost (I'll get to that). First, the spa has a street entrance, which is convenient if your skin has been particularly naughty and you don't want to have to pretend to be fab just to walk through the chichi hotel lobby. The spa reception area is framed by the spa boutique, stocked with Bliss products along with a select variety of other skincare remedies. The women's lounge is petite, with two large steam showers with grass tiled floors, keyless lockers and a waiting area with a mod couch and chair and the famous brownie buffet (with tiny brownie bites plus cheese, crackers, fruit and cold cucumber slices). Cloud designs and sky hues pervade the color palette and a selection of happy jingles that swing from decade to decade create a happy vibe throughout the spa. The treatment rooms are as clean and crisp as a fall day in AZ and have adjustable subdued lighting. The service that I chose was the Triple Oxygen Treatment, a 75-minute deep cleansing facial that comes with the works including exfoliation, skin analysis, extractions, several heavenly scented masks and a final oxygen spray. The aesthetician did an outstanding job of laying the intensive skincare therapy treatments with relaxing interludes for hand, arm, foot and scalp massages. Eucalyptus-scented washcloths were my favorite touch. The results of the facial were truly amazing overall, and I could see and feel a real improvement in my skin. So here's my only complaint: Scottsdale got gypped. Body treatments like the Carrot and Sesame Body Buff are not available at the Scottsdale location because they didn't build a wet room. Besides massage, the only body treatment they offer is the Quadruple Thighpass (an anti-cellulite treatment). Other than that, I was thrilled with the results from my facial and left with a lighter, happier tude. No complaints about that.
4	So far I have tried Bliss in Chicago and San Francisco.  My boyfriend made an appointment for me here while we were in town for my birthday.  I love the clean modern look of Bliss Spa's and this location is no exception.  The waiting room is super small, but they have the water, crackers, cheese and of course, the brownies.  The brownies here did not hold a candle to the Chicago Bliss, but that didn't stop me from eating 2.  My first appointment was a deep tissue massage.  If you have read any of my other reviews, my biggest problem is trying to find a therapist who will actually do a "deep" deep tissue-not a problem this day.  She didn't look very strong, but looks are deceiving.  I am glad she started on my back, so I could make silent screams into the doughnut hole.  When I flipped over, she caught me making a couple more faces, but I said-"keep going!"  I needed it bad.  My next appointment was the Oxygen facial-which takes 10 years off your face for a few days.  The facial was great.  My complaint is that I added an eyebrow wax and she really did a number on them.  Normally the esthetician will give you a hand mirror for approval, but I never got a peek.  I knew it was probably bad since I don't have a lot of eyebrow to begin with and she was clipping, pulling and waxing forever.  Now, I am trying to let them grow out for my Anastasia appointment in July.Upon checkout there were tons of Bliss products at the counter that my technicians recommended.  Luckily I am used to this hard sell technique and didn't bite.  I love Bliss products, but when you are dropping spa $$$, the last thing you want to do is drive the bill up any higher.All and all, totally relaxed and glowing (with penciled in eyebrows).
5	My wife and I took a 2-day trip to Scottsdale and stayed at the W hotel after we got married. This spa is located inside the hotel and everytime we walked by it, it smelled like heaven.We made appointments a few weeks before via phone. It was easy and fast. As we entered the spa we were treated with great hospitality and were sent on our separate ways for our massages. I got the Bliss 75 massage with the Stress Reducer add-on. An employee brings you into a little room to wind down, fill out a health questionnaire and enjoy the mini brownie, cracker and cheese bar they have. They also show you the shower area which is connected to the little room. They have regular showers and steam showers. The bliss bathroom has all the bliss products for use after your treatment, from shaving gel and lotions, to facewash and soaps. All free of course!I was pretty impressed with the cleanliness, the service and the amenities they had there.The massage was pretty damn awesome. It was my first full body massage and it was a comfortable experience.I highly recommend this place if you are interested in pampering yourself. There are other locations in the country so I assume they all hold the level of standard that the Scottsdale establishment has. Note that its pricey, I would go here again only during special occasions for a total wind-down. Nevertheless, its gotten my full attention and deserves its 5-star rating.
5	This spa is amazing!!!! The staff was very friendly and the services I received were outstanding.  You can add on services to your treatments that are all great such as a hair dew treatment, hot salt back scrub, aroma therapy and many more. There signature massage is a Blissage75 (a 75 min mass for $150) and their facial would be a Triple oxygen facial which is also 75 min long.  All the technicians are trained well and are very professional.   In the lounges you have fairytale brownies, crackers, cheeses, cucumbers, lemon/cucumber water.  You will be very satisfied with your services at this spa.
4	tough to make last minute appointments so book ahead, it's totally worth it once you walk out of the spa.  Love their products and the girls who work there, they are so knowledgeable and I always leave with something-not from peer pressure just because I love the stuff.  Try their new no zit sherlock skin care products, works like a charm and the name is super quirky.  :)  ooo and I love the milk cleanser they have, so does my bf and he's so not a fru fru kind of a guy!
5	back to bliss today and I got the youth as you know it facial... AMAZING!  Jenny rocks and she had the eye mask added onto the treatment for me and I was so grateful she did.  love coming here and can't wait for my next treatment.  :)
5	back again...way too many times in one month, but I couldn't resist!  the fat girl slim treatment was my newest endeavor!  Ladies...you need to go get this treatment before a beach vacation or before pool season begins, tighten up that cellulite and it totally works.  Be comfortable being a little nakey though lol ;)  Thanks bliss you guys always rock!
5	Amazing! I have been talking about getting a bikini wax for years but never did because I was too afraid that the pain would be so bad I would want to die. I had mentioned it to a co-worker and she said that I should try Bliss for my first time; she had mentioned that it was the least painful waxing she had ever had. Super nervous and only 5 days from my beachy honeymoon I decided that it was now or never; I booked my appointment, and one more for a friend (if I was going to be in pain, someone else would be too). It was the week of my wedding and was out running last minute errands the morning of my appointment, I had lost track of time and realized that I was now running late. I was very worried that I was going to lose my appointment and pay for it, you leave a credit/debit card when you book your appointment in case you don't show or cancel after the approved time frame, but was very relieved when the woman on the phone said she would just push it back 30 minutes. We showed up at the spa, which is very easy to find, and was immediately greeted by a very friendly woman behind the front desk. She informed us that it would be just a moment before we would be taken back. 1 minute later we were escorted back to the waiting area by an even friendlier woman who asked about our service and tried to reassure us that it was the least painful waxes she has ever had. We waited anxiously before Keri called me to the room of doom where I was positive that I was going to have my skin peeled off all in the name of vanity. We stepped into the room where she informed me that I would be removing the clothing on my lower half and replacing it with a pair of sanitary underwear. Keri talked me through the whole process before starting and tried to ease my anxiety by telling me that it, again, was the least painful wax. She asked me which of the three services I had decided to get, you get your choice of how much you'd like them to take off, and I let her know that I would be getting the "inbetweeny". She reassured me that I had made a great choice for my first ever waxing experience and wouldn't be disappointed or want to die. The whole experience from removing of clothes to putting them back on lasted all of 30 minutes and.....drum roll please....was actually tolerable! The pain, I would rate a 5-7 out of 10, really wasn't that bad! Keri made it very comfortable and, dare I say it, almost pain free! The worst part of it all was the waiting and anxiety. I would, hands down, recommend this spa to anyone and everyone. The experience from start to finish was great.
5	I'm Backkkkk!!!! haha sorry but I had to...I got a micro-dermabrasion and the bliss 70 min facial and let me tell you-it rocked!  Thanks Kerry for taking such great care of me and my skin, it was like a consultation and treatment all in one...plus no more black heads woop woop :)  see you ladies next time.
5	LOVE Bliss- from the products to the treatments, I love it all!!  The fabulous facial with the microderm add-on is my favorite but everything is pretty amazing to be honest.  The Triple Oxygen + C mask is a great thing to have at home for treating your skin when you can't get in for the real thing.  Also, who could not love throwing brownies back while you wait? :) YUM!
4	What's not to like about Bliss? The products are fantastic, the staff is friendly and helpful, and I've had 2 good experiences at this location. It's pricey, but if you can afford the splurge, it's worth it.
5	I just had the best pedicure of my life! For Valentine's Day, my boyfriend and I decided to go to the spa. I wanted a pedicure and he wanted to get his first ever "manlycure". I called them at 5:00 pm to see if they had an opening and they made room for both of us. We had Tyler - lucky us! She was so unbelievably friendly and sweet. She made my boyfriend feel relaxed and comfortable with his manicure and we all had fun chatting. She's super talented and has been in the business for a long time. From now on, this is the only place I will go for pedicures, and I will always request Tyler. I'm actually going back this weekend with my mom for her birthday. I'll be getting her the Hot Milk and Almond pedicure. On price - people keep saying it's pricey, but I disagree. It's only $55 for a full service pedicure with scrub and massage included. For one of the specialized, fancy pedis it's $65. This is an awesome deal! Granted you can find a much cheaper pedicure somewhere like Magen Nail, but that's because they're offering a completely different service and level of quality. If you compare Bliss to other day spas like Dolce, it is one of the least expensive places to get a pedicure. Also, I've had lots of pedicures at Dolce and they're nowhere near as awesome as the ones at Bliss. Bliss has the best products, the best atmosphere and the best technicians.
5	Who is the best person to wax your eyebrows??!?  Kerry.  Kerry at Bliss Spa is effing amazing.  I have seen her evolve from being naturally talented to becoming an amazing aesthetician with a meticulous eye.  Thank you for all that you do Kerry!  You're the best!!
5	Absolutely fabulous! I had a massage, manicure and pedicure and everything was wonderful from start to finish. I highly recommend a visit!
5	Nice staff.  Thoughtful technicians. Accommodating staff.  Flawless service.  Prices commensurate with service level. We like the, a lot.
4	Had a massage and pedicure at Bliss last week using the Travelocity deal.... $99 for $200 plus cocktail and lunch in the poolside lounge.  The spa itself can be considered 'boutique', very small.  Two showers, toilets, sinks etc.  Perfect for my mom and I on a Thursday afternoon but would have been awkward if there were other people present.  Tons of Bliss spa products available and unlike previous reviewers no problems with availability or pumps.  The handicap showers rain shower only gave out cold water which was a bummer but the wall unit worked.  I wore my spa sandals in the shower but my mom went barefoot and said the floor was so slippery she didnt use conditioner because she was so afraid of slipping and wanted to get out quick.  The lounge room is nice......brownies, cheese and crackers were more for show than eating I suppose.  When I think 'brownie bar'....this is not what I was expecting.  My massage was with Johnny, 5 stars- he was awesome.  Lots of foot action :)  My pedi was with Amy, it was ok- 3 stars.  The nails weren't as perfect in shape as the little asian hole in the wall I usually go to.  They also used a foot bucket without running water (I am super allergic to lotions so getting the scrub off was a priority....I ended up taking a shower afterwards to make sure it was fully rinsed.)  Considering what Bliss charges for the pedicures I would not recommend them.  If I had things to do over again we would have showered between the massage and pedicure to better preserve our polish.  As the appointments were booked we only had about 10 minutes to get dressed between them.   Booking is a total pain in the butt....you have to call their main office in NY or Chicago....and there is a LOT of wait time involved in talking to someone.  The 3 times I called them it took over 10 minutes to leave a message requesting a call back.  Our tax and 20% gratuity were added.  I was aware of that ahead of time but the $67 each at the end of our appt was still a little bit of shock.  The free cocktail and lunch helped though (and at $15 a piece was a good deal) I would recommend Bliss if you had a good deal, ask for John!
5	I'm a regular at Bliss and let me tell you...manicures and pedicures don't get better than this. The Triple Oxygen facial is a treat, too. Plus, all the technicians make wonderful conversation! I always leave feeling perky and pampered.
3	Not my favorite , but ok if you have a good promo. We purchased the travelzoo for $99 for $200 in services. For 99 dollars service was ok, front desk staff was not very friendly and massage was marginal.
5	We stayed at the W for my sisters bachelorette party and made reservations at Bliss Spa to pamper the bride to be with a spa day. Shelby Larson was amazing and extremely helpful. She scheduled our treatments perfectly and although there was a big group of us we didnt feel like we were waiting around for our treatment. Shelby also gave us a private room to relax and munch on delish treats (brownies, cheese/crackers, cupcakes) and sip on mimosas. Shelby was extremely pleasant to work with and was really good about staying in touch via email, she even made a goody bag for the bride to be and maid of honor!! I highly recommend this spa, the treatments were beyond amazing and the staff were super friendly. Def. will go back to Bliss if I'm ever in the area.
5	Have been to the Bliss spa many times and have visited many of their locations across the US. However, Jeni Pekar the lead eshetician at this Bliss was amazing! I had the Triple Oxygen Facial booked and had some pending skin issues I wanted to take care of. After a brief discussion and a look at my skin, Jeni suggested the most amazing combo with a collagen mask. I left that place feeling a little bit healthier even! Cna't wait to visit Scottsdale again by book my appointment!
5	I had a great experience here on 3/15 thanks to a TravelZoo deal I bought in December. The reviews below are correct---the internal waiting room/spa area ARE small, but I didn't feel this was a huge detriment.   There was a LOUD group of women celebrating Friday together and Cynthia (my aesthetician) came and got me early, thinking that I might not want to wait with a boisterous group of strangers.  It was such a thoughtful touch!  Specifics:My massage with Dani was perfect.  She spent so much time on my angry shoulders and kept checking to make sure the pressure was okay.  I told her repeatedly that I am a "hurts so good" sort of person and she absolutely delivered.  I feel better today than I have in weeks.Facial with Cynthia was excellent.  She treated my rosacea and suggested a substitution for the peel that was part of my original package.  I told her that she knew best....and it was the only facial that I have ever left not looking red and splotchy. Great pedicure and good conversation with Amy. I'm a huge fan of the women who work in this spa!
5	"The greater the expectation, the greater the disappointment."Someone famous said this at one time, I'm pretty sure of it.  I consulted Google and somehow they didn't know who or when it was said. I had mediocre expectations at best for Bliss Spa in Scottsdale, thankfully, I was proven wrong!  It is situated on the first floor of the W Scottsdale, about a 1/2 mile from the Fashion Square mall and the Waterfront.  Bliss ( based in NYC) made a name for themselves years ago when they were approached by W Hotels to partner in all of them.  That is one huge invitation and I believe that they are doing well with the partnership.Anyway... I visit spas and massage businesses more often than most.  Partly because of my profession as a massage therapist, but also because I have come to appreciate the process of allowing someone to help me feel better.  Years ago, before learning about massage, I rarely had anyone touch me.  In fact, I received my first professional massage when I was 30.  Since then I've made up for it by getting a massage about once a month.Stephanie checked me in for my 105 minute blissage massage and was courteous, professional and polite.  She escorted me back to men's locker room and showed me where to wait for the LMT, the showers, the brownie/ cheese / cracker station and how to use the digital lock on the lockers.  It is a boutique facility, 1 shower, about 10 -12 lockers, and 2 sinks.  I'm mentioning this because it was perfect for me on a Tuesday afternoon.  Pretty sure that weekends are another story, but I enjoyed having my own private lounge.After a quick trip up to Shade Lounge for an adult beverage (Cool Mule) and a steam shower, I plunked down and waited for Monica to fetch me.  I liked that there wasn't a TV on or magazines strewn about.  We walked back to the massage room and she confirmed my massage and inquired about what type of pressure that I like.  I normally don't tell the massage therapists what I do, but I did with Monica.  I asked her to do what she does, to work on me and connect me.  I dislike someone trying to prove to me how strong they are or an LMT that gets lost with the rhythm or style.  Monica did neither, she has a great touch and knows how work deeply without inflicting pain (similar to how I work).I truly enjoyed the foot massage to begin and then the warm lotion or cream in a bag that is enclosed on my feet while Monica worked on my back.  The sounds of people and business wafted in from time to time, although I was soon in the space between awake and sleep, a great place to be.  I will definitely return again soon.
5	White glove service from the moment you walk in the door. Exceptional treatment and quality. The professionalism of their service is phenomenal. From the waiting room crackers, cheese, and brownie bites, to the steam room after your massage or facial...SO delightful! A must experience!
5	This was the best birthday gift!I was indulged with a loooong sports massage.  The therapist had a great command of physiology and was able to trace the guarded muscles at my back.  Her work improved my recovery from a two-month old back injury, and gave wonderful relaxion too.More spa.  I kicked the too-big slippers and entered a private steam chamber.  Mint gel was sprinkled on the floor and added menthol to the steaming heat.The dressing room offered full products for reconstructing my hair while getting dressed.  A lounge area offered infused water and cookies and magazines.  I was encouraged by staff to take all the time I wanted and was never rushed.
5	Everyone at Bliss was super friendly and helpful. I had my first facial ever done by Keary and she was so sweet and super knowledgeable. My face feels amazingly smooth and i can not wait to go back! Kelly was my massage therapist and did a great job working on my extremely tight stressed out back! Will be back soon. Great place to go if you dont have all day to spend at the spa and lots of fun products.
5	I can't believe it has taken me so long to write a review for Kerry, who does my brows, since I have been going to her for years...pre-Bliss!  I trust my brows to NO ONE ELSE.  I'm very particular about the way my brows look and Kerry nails the shape every time.  I get compliments on my brows ALL THE TIME.
4	As one of my anniversary gifts to my husband, I made him an appointment for a  massage and the signature Oxygen facial for me. Once checked-in, the ladies escort you back to the changing room where your given an oversized, fluffy, soft robe and slippers. The lounge area has cucumber slices for your eyes, cheese for your hunger, and water or tea for your thirst. Try out the steam shower to get clean for the treatments. The oxygen facial was just what I needed after a long flight. It perked up my previously dry, lifeless skin, but left me feeling refreshed and relaxed. My husband enjoyed his massage, stating it was done with the correct amount of pressure.
4	I was given a gift card for a sports massage here when I ran the Disney Princess Half Marathon in February and I just now was able to come in and take advantage of it. I wish I had done it sooner because the sports massage was amazing. It lasted an hour, but felt longer - they use warm paraffin mud on your back and do a full body massage (front and back). It was the perfect amount of pressure and the masseuse did the perfect balance of explaining what he was doing and staying quiet so I could relax.Now the part where I felt a little awkward... every other massage place I've been to has just had me change in the therapy room and get under the covers. Bliss has a separate locker room where I had to key a code into a wooden locker to put my clothes and change into their robe and flip flops. It felt kind of exposed because someone could have walked in (and I guess I could have changed in a bathroom stall in there) but luckily no one came in while I was changing. Before I went to the locker room, I was instructed to wait in this little alcove room where my massage therapist would come get me after I was done changing. I noticed some forms  in the corner, so I picked one up to fill out. It asked all kinds of questions about allergies and if there were any places I don't want to be massaged, which was nice. They had a coffee table laid out with glasses for cucumber water, hot water and a selection of teas, and cheese, cucumbers, and brownies laying out. I appreciated the effort, but here I am... in a robe, bra-less, a little cold, and staring at cheeses wondering how long they've been sitting out. I was constantly worried someone else was going to have to share this awkward space with me. Luckily, I was the only one there the whole time, and maybe this is a personal thing that I have to get over, but I like the privacy of being fully clothed until you enter your therapy room. #nevernude
3	Went here with my sister for her birthday. I bought us both groupons. The atmosphere is okay. I was told my face would be cleared up in 48 hours max but my face broke out more than it ever has. To me it was not worth the money at all. Pros: facial was relaxing, I was made felt comfortable, clean, lockers with your own code to keep your possessions inCons: Overpriced, changing area was awkward(people can just walk in as you change next to the door) one steam shower was broke and the other shower's floor flooded so I was standing in a big puddle of water, the relaxation area is very small and had cheese that was old and lastly I was locked out of my locker because it was broke and had to get someone to open it.
4	Had a fantastic Bliss 75 with Dani (with a stress relieving aromatherapy and scrub add on)!  We got a deal through Travel Zoo I believe, $100 for $200 of services, and Dani recommended adding on a scrub so I didn't lose out on the extra $25 I had left. My sister had the same thing but with a back parafin wax added while my mom went with reflexology. Dani was awesome, just enough pressure, gave extra loving to my trouble spots, and wasn't overly chatty!! The Bliss 75 is kickass not only for being 75 minutes long, but you also get your feet parafin waxed, which was indeed blissful. The spa itself was nice. There was a small changing area with lockers & steam showers. The waiting room provided cheese, cucumbers, and brownies! Overall, it was a lovely experience and I can't wait to go back! Pro tip - check in and get 20% off any service!
5	It's possible this review may take a while to write because I'm stiiiiiiil so relaxed from my day at Bliss Spa. I loved all of the services I had here and wish it was in my budget to come one a week! This year for Christmas I wanted to do something different for my mom and aunt and a day at the spa sounded better than gloves or something we really didn't even need. I surprised them after thanksgiving for pedis, massages and facials. The way the felt after each of their services was worth every penny. We had massages by Brandon, facials by Jenny and the ladies who did our pedicures were awesome as well. I was hesitant at first because I really like full service spas in AZ with all the other perks, but this was quaint and just as effective. Everyone was super nice and we will definitely be back!
5	This is the best spa I have ever been to!It was my first Bliss experience, but will not be my last.I came here with my mom and sister for some pre-holiday relaxation. The first thing I noticed upon walking into the spa was its chic and modern design. I loved the boutique-ie feel of it. Living in the Phoenix area, I'm used to the resort spas being a little too "Peruvian pan-flute-ie" for my tastes. I loved that at Bliss, the atmosphere was relaxing without being overly "spa like". And the cheese and brownies are amaze. I think I are an entire wheel of cheese that day.Onto the services! I had an amazing facial with Cynthia(I think that was her name). Definitely the best facial I have ever had. Not only was it extremely relaxing, but my skin actually looked fabulous after. I'm used to looking like I got stung by 50 bees after I get a facial, which is why I almost never get them. I would definitely get a facial here again.Next I had the blissage 49 with Suzi who was also really good! I definitely wouldn't say this was relaxing- but it was an epic, therapeutic message that I definitely needed. Even my chiropractor noticed when I came in two weeks later that I had hardly any tension in my shoulders and neck. I have never talked to my therapist while getting a message, and I thought it was kind of weird at first that Suzi was so chatty- but I was so grateful she was. The conversation helped distract me from the intense, healing pressure she was applying to my shoulders. Almost 3 weeks later and my back still feels the best it has in years.Lastly I had a shellac manicure and a pedicure with Amy. She was such a doll!! Absolutely the sweetest person, super easy to talk to! And she did an amazing job on my nails. Even trying different colors on my nails to help me decide which color I wanted. Very fun to hang out with her.My mother and sister couldn't stop raving about all of their services, and we are already trying to plan our next trip back!
5	It's been a week since my triple oxygen facial and my skin still feels incredible - I almost wish it didn't so I'd have an excuse to go back!My facial with Cynthia was my first ever spa facial and I was really nervous.  I have pretty good skin but it's sensitive, and we've all heard horror stories and remember Samantha's chemical peel from Sex and the City.  Cynthia put me at ease letting me know exactly what she was doing and how my skin should react.  Luckily I had no redness and left Bliss with the fabulous spa "glow" I was hoping for.  Overall my experience with Bliss was completely stellar - I just hope all their locations have such great aestheticians since I'm moving  next week!
4	I've been going to the bliss spa every month for a while now, and I really love it! It's super modern and clean, and the staff is really friendly. The nail technicians do a really great job, and the nail job really lasts.The only reason I gave them a 4 is because I get a discount, and the standard pedicure is around $80, when you could get a similar pedicure done for $30-40 other places. The reason I come back is because I really love the atmosphere. It really is relaxing, and everyone is always so friendly. I have a stressful job, and the added expense is worth it for an hour of tranquility. For those who aren't like me, this is a great place for special occasion.Also: they usually have sea salt brownies to munch on while they work on your toes. Soooo good!
3	I struggled with how many stars I wanted to rate the Bliss Spa @ the W Hotel in Scottsdale.   Ultimately I decided to give the 3 -stars based on experience only.   The service was great and for the record, I am a HUGE fan of Bliss products overall.The reason I rated my experience 3 stars is because the Spa didn't match my expectations.   There was no place to really hang out and relax either before or after the service.  The furniture was for looks only - not comfort.   If you wanted to go with a bunch of girlfriends, as I so often do, I don't think think the "lounge" is really conducive to kibitzing with the girls.My services were fabulous.  And I have no complaints.   I used a Living Social Deal which gave me $200 worth of services for $100.  Nice! Right?In short, I think the Bliss Spa is more like a Day Spa experience that you might find at Dolce Spa.  I prefer a Resort Spa experience which gives me a relaxing lounge, access to the pool, and the prices are comparable.But, if you have never used Bliss products, you really should visit .  I love their Lemon Sage Body Butter and their facial foaming cleanser.
1	A few friends and I went to Bliss on Sunday for a girl's day out.  What a mistake.  While the spa was clean, that's the best I can say about it.  The spa is so small that four ladies cramped into the waiting room was too much for me and I had to go out into the hallway and wait for my massage.  Once I got into the treatment room I was told off the bat that I was late and that my session would need to be shortened.  I was not late, I had to wait for her!!!  And then her technique was that of a beginner. The worst massage ever and I'm 58 years old!  There is only one shower, one steam room, two bathroom stalls, you have to get undressed and dressed in basically the foyer.  No place to lounge.  What a rip off is all I can say.  Never recommend this spa (or so they call it) to anyone.
5	I have had 3 massages here because of a few key reasons.  First and foremost is my massage therapist Dani.  She always performs the correct technique and is very intuitive with what your body needs.  The product line although not completely natural is very focused on fragrances which I adore.. Nothing like a cucumber compress on those windows to the soul.  The staff is perky plus professional and the soundtrack to the whole experience needs to be sold (unfortunately it isn't). I am a licensed esthetician so I know how a spa should operate and this one is run correctly!  Few spas have made me feel so comfortable in the locker room & waiting area.. Did I mention they have brownies?
5	I have been to see Amy for a pedicure a few times now, and just had to write a review after I saw her yesterday.  Overall, I love the experience- the pedicure is a little more, being at a spa, but to me is totally worth the spa experience...  and the brownies!It's a full hour, and I always see Amy b/c I just like her so much!  She is very friendly and so sweet, and does a great job.  She makes me feel totally pampered and my nails look great when I'm done.  I look forward to it every time!
4	The lobby of the spa is very inviting with a large variety of spa and Bliss products for purchase.  The locker room is small but appointed very well. There are no spa amenities, like a sauna or whirlpool. Deduction of one star for their limited amenities. The waiting area is very small, and on a busy weekend packed to the gills.  They offer cucumber infused water, cheese, cucumbers, tea, crackers, and AMAZING brownie bites.  I only had one brownie bite because there were 8 on the tray and that many women sitting in wait for their treatments.My therapist, Shannon, was PHENOMENAL.  I had a scrub and a massage that she executed with the best technique.  Also, I was really impressed with the quality of the products they used at the spa as well.  I believe you have the option to go up to the pool after your services, however it appeared to be more of a party environment (it was the weekend afterall) so I opted out.Overall a great experience and I most likely will be back.
4	One of the Best pedicure and manicure I had in Scottsdale. Very clean place, friendly estheticians. They do a great job! Definitely 5 stars.  ButI cannot say same about their massages. I had it a few times and each time it was disappointing. My masseuse was pregnant and had no clue how to do a deep tissue massage. I will give it 1 star.
5	I'll start off by saying... The W is full of beautiful people! Started our day off at the pool with food and drinks! Perfection!  I had the 75min blissage by Lauren, which was absolutely amazing! The ambiance was relaxing, the treats were yummy (especially the brownie bites) and the rest of the staff was delightful! I look forward to my next one here shortly!
2	I will say, I'd give my massage therapist, Stacey, 5+ stars. My rating is due to the OUTRAGEOUS tip that is "required." The environment is noisy, the waiting area minuscule, and besides Stacey the staff have an attitude of superiority that has no basis in fact. My total mandatory TIP for two massages and a 30 minute facial was over $100. I prefer to figure out how much I'll tip based on service, the experience, using the customary percentage for that industry as a guide. Here, I was virtually held hostage at the front desk until I pony up the amount they've determined I should pay!  There are better spas with nicer amenities and more customer-favorable policies. Unless you enjoy the kind of experience described above, skip Bliss and head to another Valley spa...you'll be glad you did.
4	I just had the best massage I've ever had. I'm not even kidding when I say I wasn't sure I'd be able to get up off the table. My therapist was Dani, who was awesome. At $125 for a 49 minute (yes kinda odd amount of time) seemed kinda steep to me, but I figured what the hell. I'll definitely be back to pay it again. I do agree with others that the locker room and waiting lounges are very small. I was the only one here on a Wednesday afternoon, but more than 1-2 other people would have been uncomfortable. Also, the lack of a pool to relax by afterwards is a slight drawback.
5	Purchased a Groupon while on vacation down here. Place is very clean. Employees are friendly. The offer via Groupon was clearly an excellent deal. Thank you Bliss!  Highly recommend this establishment!!!  :)
4	Purchased a living social deal for a massage and facial. Loved that I didn't have to book on the same day and could use a few days a part.. Huge bonus.Down side was the facial was not super enjoyable because they wrap you in plastic and to me it was very suffocating but the massage was great.You also get to use the pool. Bonus..but it is very club like and full of scottsdale party goers on Friday and Saturday.    Great place to book for a fair rate and you can get in and get out quick.
5	While I have always enjoyed Bliss for their incredible facials, I went out on a limb and got a shellac manicure by Michelle today.  She was just wonderful!! Her personality made the entire service enjoyable.  Yes, a gel mani at Bliss will cost you a bit more than a traditional nail salon but I assure you, it is completely worth it!  Thanks Michelle, I will be back!
3	Overall, I have to say that I did not have the most blissful experience at the Bliss Spa. It was by far the worst facial I have ever had. I identified some specific issues - none of them were addressed. The therapist spent most of the time rubbing oil into my hair and giving me a massage. Ummmm I didn't come here for a massage thanks - and did not expect to be charged $100 for a glorified washing of my face. I could get a bar of soap for $1 and do it myself.The shellac pedi was really good - I would come back to get a pedicure here. I did express my concerns at the front desk, and they were very gracious in resolving them. They got me set up in the steam shower with eucalyptus, so I was able to wash all of the oil out of my hair and at least be able to leave looking somewhat normal.In the end, I would give the pedi and customer service a 4, and the facial a 2 - so a 3 star rating for Bliss.
1	I would give this place zero starts if I could, visited this spa twice and although it's a very beautiful establishment I was not so impressed. The robe, ladies room, locker are and snacks in waiting room are just fab! But your not paying for a brownie, therefore the quality of the facial, massage, mani, pedi, etc need to be up to par. I got the massage, facial and pedi and. The facial was ok but I kept being talked into purchasing product. The massage wasn't relaxing nor a deep tissue, didn't feel like the gal had much experience. The pedi was the only decent part. Spoke to the manager about my concerns and she was not helpful at all. Establishment was not professional or offer good customer service. Making the W look bad as it is such a nice and beautiful hotel with 5 star amazing customer service. Very disappointed and not going to be a return customer.
5	I came here on a Groupon (for a massage with deep tissue upgrade) and I came back because Stacy is the absolute best. I love Bliss products and the cute facilities too, but it's the therapist who really wowed me. Stacy is very experienced; during the consultation, she really listens to your complaints and takes them into account. I had a lot of tension on my right side and she gave it all the time it needed to really relieve the tightness and knots. She's very strong but will adjust her pressure to meet your needs. Great manner, too: she is kind, genuine, and gives her clients 100%. I would recommend her to anyone. You get such a great experience with Stacy!
