5	Great place to go for a haircut.  I wear a very simple style, short on top and faded on the sides so a lot of the time the person doing my hair just zips through the job and sometimes misses some of it.  My barber at Andy's took his time and made sure every line was squared away. He even finished my sideburns and nape with a straight razor to make sure they were extra neat.  Everyone there was friendly and the price was very, very reasonable for the quality of service.  I've found my barber.
4	Great haircut! One of the best fades I've ever had. Efficient and friendly staff. If I lived in Goodyear, this would be my local for sure.
5	Very nice and clean barbershop. They have several consistent barbers (5) who all do a really great job. I still live in Phoenix but make the trek out here to get my hair cut.
3	had a quiet-voiced dude who didn't invoke confidence whenever he asked me what i want to do or what he's trying to do. I shouldn't be the guy with the most confidence when I don't know properly my haircut terms (what is a fade? im just kidding about that. But i only know basic terms, man)so i got an alright cut, but i was all on the fence about what he's doing with the hair the entire time because of the lack of assertiveness.
5	Just checkin for my bro and son 9 am and packed...
5	Good bunch of young barbers!  The lady (forgot her name) is awesome too!  They are very polite and greet every customer with a smile.  Great price, efficient, clean and one of the best barber shops I've been to.  I should know, I'm a 21 year retired AF veteran.
2	I'm sad to write this review because I've taken my almost 3 year old son here a few times and have always been happy...until today. I specifically told the barber that I didn't want it too short, just cleaned up. And that I specifically thought the hairstyle he had was an example of too short. My son ended up with a choppy, slightly longer version of the cut he had. He's just a toddler and the cut he has is practically bald, 3 days before his birthday party. When I complained I was told it was my mistake that I didn't object to the guard number that the barber mentioned, like I am supposed to an expert on boys cuts. I thought that's what I was paying them for! Apparently "not too short", "not like yours", and "just clean it up" are not descriptive enough for a barber to understand. Make sure you know your exact guard number before going in there!
5	Clean barbershop with good atmosphere, I get my haircut by jesus and he does a great job.
5	My father (he is 81 years old) went in and had a great experience.  The barber was kind and patient seeing how delicate and frail my father is.  Not only did he receive a great cut, but had a nice chat too.  The establishment is nice and clean and great priced.  They even told him to come in on Monday's for a Senior Discount.
