4	Ahhhh.... That trademark plaid that makes everyone wonder if you have British connections. This store gets 4 stars for two reasons: 1. Really nice staff. 2. My wife takes me here and shows me a $1200 dollar purse so that the $350 Michael Kors feels like a bargain. (She's just using you, Burberry!)
4	If I could, I would wear Burberry head-to-toe every day. Christopher Bailey is a genius.The Southpark store is by no means the best or largest Burberry store in the US, but it does the job. And, it definitely carries the timeless quintessential Burberry piece, the trench coat, in various cuts and lengths. They carry a mix of Burberry Prorsum, Burberry and Burberry Brit. At this time, I would say they primarily carry the Brit line which is the most casual of the three.
5	The staff are very knowledgeable and friendly, and the selection is great.
5	Burberry is probably one of my favorite guilty purchases. This Burberry location carries my favorite Burberry lines Prorsum, and Brit. Burberry London, not so much. But really who goes to the mall for dressy clothes? I'd suggest a boutique shop for that sort of stuff.The staff is super helpful, even if you just say you're looking around. Prorsum is just spectacular, Christopher Bailey's vision of casual comfort is just luxurious. If there isn't something in the store they do offer to order it in for you so that's convenient. I know I've had to use that option when I wanted a nova check wallet that wasn't in season so they didn't have it stocked.The trench coats and some of the other pieces here will always be timeless and last forever if you take care of them well so if you are worried about prices, just think of how long you'll be able to use it! Also you'll feel really awesome wearing one, they fit perfectly.While certainly not an everyday shopping location, it is indeed worthy of an occasional splurge or spending spree for it's excellent quality and fashion. Burberry just makes me happy, and is probably my design house of choice during the winter months.
5	I adore this store even though I should never step foot in it since I get in so much trouble here every time I do. I admit to having a Burberry purse weakness... as in, I am unable to resist buying them. The store, while small, is lovely and has a decent selection, and the salespeople are always attentive, helpful, and professional. I have never had a bad experience here.
