4	It's one of those places where they make their own noodles by hand. You the spin then slap the counter with the noodles, and then they pull, bend, pull again, bend again, and pull again. Sure it's in the food court of Eaton Center in Montreal...However it's fresh pasta and whatever culture you look at, fresh pasta/noodles just freaking rock.There are only about 8 menu options. Noodles, with some meat (Pork, Chicken or Beef) with delicious baby Bok Choi, broth and of course the noodles.For a food court restaurant which permits the owner to print money without putting a good product, I can't find anything wrong with this delicious fresh noodle bowl. We're talking straight up, no-frills noodles but it works. Me likey :D
4	Fresh noodles made to order at a food court, who would have thought? Skip the lineup at Thai express next time and try this instead. I recommend the bbq pork.
4	So much better than the one located in Chinatown.The soup is flavourful, and the noodles are well-cooked.The only thing I did not appreciate was the waiting time. If you cannot stretch noodles in 3 minutes and make me wait during lunch break, you should not take the job. The guy who stretches noodles just takes his time and act there was no hurry, come on, I'm not here for the show, I'm here for the food.The portions are small, and the noodles are pretty pricey.
3	This is a unique food court option - nothing similar in terms of freshness & entertainment. It's located in the Montreal Eaton centre on the bottom floor. The chef spins, stretches and slaps the dough on the counter. He then separates the dough into fresh noodle goodness. It certainly attracts a crowd!You select from about 8 different options including, pork, beef chicken and vegetable. Portions are a decent size and priced between $7 - $9 per bowl.This is probably the first time I tried freshly made Udon noodles and it really makes a difference. These are damn good noodles.I ordered the vegetarian soup and it was served with Bok Choi, mushrooms and lot's of green onion. I thought the broth was slightly oily but still good overall. I will be back the next time I'm in Montreal to try some of the other options.PS - If you sit near the restaurant, it gets very LOUD. The dough is slammed against the counter over and over again, it actually scared me a few times.BK
4	3.5 StarI love noodles and especially Freshly Hand Pulled Noodle made to order, so this review will be bias.A steamy bowl of tasty noodle soup will make me a happy camper especially after a beer or two.. a perfect drunk food. This is also one of the first time I have to say I love Food Court "Fast' food! Spicy Beef Shank Noodle ($8.50) was really good but a little pricey and smaller in portion compares to Chinatown location. A good option if you are in the area and have cravings for Chinese food.
5	I found Nu-Do after reading Jennifer K's review list of restaurants to try in Montreal (http://www.yelp.ca/list/a-weekend-in-montreal-part-3-montreal-3). After a long day of shopping, I decided to give it a try. Normally food court food will be frozen and heated up or fast food that is filled with calories. Not with Nu-do. Each dish uses hand made noodles that is made fresh to order. During my visit, I ordered the noodle soup with chicken and my brother ordered the noodle soup with beef. The noodle soup with chicken tasted amazing. The noodles had a nice texture and were cooked amazingly. The broth also tasted delicious as it was filled with flavour. My brother said that the noodle soup with beef tasted awesome and the noodles were the best part of the dish. Nu-do exceeded my expectations. The fresh noodles and tasty broth is not something found in a food court. I recommend this to everyone looking for food to eat after shopping. It earned all of its five stars.
4	When I'm feeling a little under the weather, my mind immediate shifts to soup.  Warm, slurpy delicious soup.  And when I'm stuck  downtown at work, I need warm delicious slurpy soup that's quick and nearby.  And Nu-Do fits the bill.  Located in the food court at the Eaton Center, it isn't the first place I'd think to get my soup fix, but it works.  They do takeout, putting the noodles and toppings in one container and the soup in another, so you don't need to sit in the food court to enjoy (though it can be fun to people watch). A bowl of bbq pork noodle soup will cost you less than $10, so it doesn't break the bank either. It isn't particularly spicy, yet it's flavorful, so when I need to get the sinuses moving I make sure to load up on the hot sauce to add in.  As an added bonus, while waiting for your soup you get to be entertained by the cook pulling the noodles.  It can get loud, as the dough is repeatedly banged on the counter, but oh so worth it.
3	Location: In the Eaton Center food court. Food: Obviously I ordered noodles since that's the only option on their menu. I chose the chicken with sesame sauce, but the non-soup version. The noodle puller, as I like to call him, emerged from the kitchen ready for some serious action. After giving me a rather serious 'don't mess with me' look, he proceed to yank the sh*t out of the noodles, then slammed the hell out of them. Repeatedly. It's a rather noisy and somewhat aggressive process and I can only hope that the noodle-puller achieved satisfaction from the physical exertion of the task. The non-soup was served in a to-go bowl, with the noodles on the bottom, shredded chicken and baby Bok Choy on the top, and of course, the sesame sauce. The first thing I tried was the chicken - it was all breast, just the way I like it, with not a hint of pink anywhere to be found. Though a little salty, I really enjoyed the chicken. It was tender and seemed fresh. I had to forgo the Bok Choy because no amount of cutting (or attempts at) seemed to work. I just couldn't chop through the damn leaves. They were so pretty and green, too. Anyway, I then got a taste of the noodles in sesame sauce. The sauce was  quite nice but tasted more like the peanut sauce you would find with peanut butter dumplings. The noodles were good though I did find them to be a bit on the starchy side. Also, they really should cut these things in half so I can get them on my fork more easily. The overall dish was very good, though I will hold that 4th star for a retry - this time in soup format, as the noodles are meant to be eaten.Service: This is where I docked a star. The chick at the counter wasn't friendly at all and I felt like I was bothering her. Never mind that it was 2pm and there was no one else there. The noodle puller wasn't friendly either. It was one of those places that made me want to get my noodles and get the hell out of there, perhaps to a sunnier side of the food court.Price: Under $10, and the noodles are pretty filling.
4	I was wandering through Montreal trying to kill time (and also got a bit hungry as it was around lunchtime), so finding some generally positive reviews on Yelp, I decided to try Nu-Do.As people before me have said, the big draw to this place was that they have hand-pulled noodles.  I really liked how their noodles were made to order; the noodle guy came out from around back to make the noodles as I finished ordering.  This guy was by no means an expert noodle-puller (an expert would've been much faster), but they were cooked just right (not too mushy and not undercooked), and the beef was also very well cooked.  The soup has gotten many compliments here, but it seemed pretty standard to me - however, I did like that it is less salty than most other places, so you can really pick out other flavours in the broth.Portion size-wise, I thought it was a perfect size: just enough to make you feel satisfied without being overly full.As others have also touched on, the only drawback was the wait.  I went on a Friday afternoon (about 1:30pm, so after the lunch rush), and still had to wait a bit before I could eat - on the one hand, it's understandable because it's made to order, but it's also in a food court, so you would expect a bit more expediency in the food prep.  After I had ordered, and before I got my food, there was a sizeable crowd of people also waiting...I can't imagine how they deal with an actual lunchtime crowd!Price-wise, I paid a bit over $10 for a bowl of beef noodle soup.Overall though, it's a good place to eat if you want something tasty, not super-filling, and have a bit of time to spare.
4	This place is cool!  I've never seen anything like this in a food court.  It's such a great show watching the chef pull the noodles right in front of you. It's like watching a true pizza chef flipping the pizza.  They only serve noodles here - hence the name.  So please don't ask them to substitute it for anything. :-). It's located on the 1st floor of the Eaton Centre.  I had the BBQ beef shank noodle soup for $8.95.  The noodles were pretty good and there was ample beef shank.  Sometimes this is a problem with food court food in that give plenty of carbs and very little meat.  It's kind of the exact opposite here.  I kind of wanted more noodles, but I can't really complain since I got a show out of it and were made right in front of my eyes, literally!  What I liked was that they put the soup in a separate bowl so that you could appreciate the noodles before pouring the broth on it, however I would have preferred if the broth was a bit hotter.  It was warm but I like my food piping hot.  Despite the broth not being to my liking temperature wise, when you combined it with the hand-pulled noodles, it made for an awesome light snack.Verdict: Come see a quick show and a good light snack.  To ponder: I hope they have more than one noodle puller during busy hours because it did take around 7-8 minutes for my meal to be prepared and that could end up in a huge line during the lunch rush.
4	We had the spicy beef shank soup and the #1 Chicken soup noodles.   Both were really excellent.   The noodles were really good.  The dishes came with plenty of nicely-cooked meat and some baby Bok ChoyWe came at a slow time so the wait was not an issue.This is way better than I expected in a food court.
5	Oh man the bbq pork soup is stellar. Perfect broth, pork, noodles, and greens. Seriously great for a food court.
4	Had never heard of Nu-Do before.  Apparently, they are a chain because I saw them in a few other places in Montreal during our vacation.  This particular Nu-Do is located in the food court of the Eaton Centre.We were attracted to this place because we saw them making the noodles right in front of us!  Very cool!Ordered the Soupe Et Jarret De Boeuf (Beef Shank with Soup) for $8.95  This was a really tasty bowl of goodness.  Everything from the broth to the vegetables to the beef was good.  The best part, though, was the noodles!  Fresh and yummy noodles was what made this order really stand out.Would absolutely stop in here again.
