5	My daughter and I created our own chicken pita with Pita Bistro signature PB dip! The food was full of flavor the marinade they use for the chicken is simply awesome all of the fixings have their own special touch and flavor that leave your mouth wanting more! The place is very modern with great music upbeat staff and everyone is leaving this place with a smile!!We didn't have a chance to try their juices or smoothies but will definitely be back to add that to our order the next time!Looks like they will have a full bar here shortly with some happy hour specials! CAN NOT WAIT!I definitely give this 5 star plus!!
5	This is my second time dining in since the establishment first opened it's doors. I was excited to see something different in the area. Something unlike the traditional fast food restaurants. As a fan favorite of Mediterranean food  the concept of this restaurant is the way we want to see our food establishments move to. Similar concept to Chipolte though much more options to choose from. The venue is very trendy with a healthy atmosphere type of flare. You walk in and there are virtual menus on large digitals screens making it easy to view the menu options. What is nice is there are suggestions to choose from our you can create your own. I have not been daring and ordered the same thing I had the first time which was the Chicken Shawerma Pita. I got it as is minus the PB Dip. I added the mediterranean chop along with a vinaigrette. The portion was perfect. Matter of fact it was not to heavy it was just right. Next time around I plan to be more creative as the restaurant has kabobs, salads, tasty sides and an affordable juice bar. I did go at lunch time both times. The line was super long but went fast. There are plenty of staff on hand to make the process smooth. Pros:It's clean. I repeat it is cleanTo Go Cooler with pre made salads and other food optionsPlenty of seating inside though the outside seating is not setup yetMini bar with happy hour coming soonBeer, Wine and Spirits coming soonI hope to see more of these pop up in the valley. I see great things for this mediterranean style of restaurant.
5	Absolutely amazing! Being from Detroit I have yet to find a place in AZ that truly has Mediterranean cuisine that I am accustom to! Many have tried and failed but pita Bistro has come and conquered! In the 3 weeks it's been open I've been here twice and tried something different, I was impressed each time! As a vegetarian I have options and combinations for days, and I plan on trying them all! Amazing! I am a Pita Bistro Fan! See you guys next week!
5	Went to lunch here with some co-workers to try it out. It was a very pleasant surprise great food! We will be back for sure!!
5	Three of us went there for the first time after hearing about it from a friend and looking up the menu online.  I ordered the gyro wrap and WOW, it was great.  You can select all the fresh vegie items, flavored hummus, and a variety of other things to put inside at no additional charge (like the PB dip - Awesome!).  Then they pile on a boatload of meat!  I could barely finish it.  Oh, the prices are extremely reasonable.  We'll be back next week for the chicken!
3	Today is the 5th time I've visited this place since it's opened.  I was really excited and waited for the several months it took to open this place.  As soon as I saw it was opened (since even though I was signed up to receive news from them and friends on Facebook I was never notified that they opened).Upon my first visit, I was impressed with the menus and atmosphere, everyone was really friendly.  Very clean and new.  I decided on the Mediterranean chop with chicken shawerma as the protein before I even got to the front counter.  This place works basically like a Chipotle, where they work assembly line style.  On this first visit I got very small portions of the salad and meat, but it tasted OK.  The meat was dry and average, not impressed for my first time trying shawerma.  What put me off the most was the fact that they've completely left tzatziki sauce off the menu, replacing it with a "PB Sauce".I notice everyone else says this sauce is good, but I have to disagree.  This sauce is well, strange!  If I had to describe it to you, I would say it had the consistency and feel of hand lotion.  Garlic flavored hand lotion mixed with mayo.  I threw that away.  As a matter of fact during my second visit, they had samples out so people could try it BEFORE even dining there, and the counter guy insisted we try it because "it's different".  Sure is.Being a relatively positive and easy going guy, I didn't write this place off.  I decided to go back again and try something different on the menu.On my second visit, I decided on the fattoush salad with gyro meat as my protein.  This time, the portions were huge and I was super happy that they guy making it could barely get the lid on it.  When I got it back to work, I was disappointed yet again.  I scooped the dollop of lotion they slapped on my plate and threw it in the garbage again (because I just don't have the heart to tell them no when they're scooping it).  The gyro meat tasted good, but was cold from just sitting in a prep bin.  The person making the dish had forgotten to put on the "house made vinaigrette" salad dressing I told them I wanted and I hadn't even noticed.  So, in the end, I had a completely undressed salad.  Also, I asked for pepperoncini's, they are tiny and tasted like dish soap, don't get those.On my third visit, I decided to try the hummus, so I got the create your own bowl with the jalapeno cilantro hummus with the chicken kabob.  The hummus is really, really good, but what's the point of having really, really good hummus when you give the customer 5 small triangles of pita bread.  I was left with a huge bowl of hummus and no pitas.  The chicken kabob is ok.  Nothing special.My fourth visit, I got the fattoush salad with gyro.  This girl knew her stuff...until...it came time for the dressing.  She asked, I responded.  She started to dress the salad and the bottle went empty.  She made sort of a stutter step, as if to go get a new bottle, but didn't.  She set the bottle down and asked if it was dine-in or to go.  This time, I just figured, well a lightly dressed salad is better than a dry salad right?  Not really.Like I said, I'm a really laid back guy and I don't really comment on Yelp.  Today I felt compelled to describe my most recent, and most likely, my last experience here.  I decided to tempt fate and order the fattoush salad again, this time with ranch dressing.  As soon as I asked for it, the guy had to look at the menu before he started making it.  I knew I was doomed.  We went through the usual steps and when he got to the end he had forgotten 2 of the ingredients listed on the menu and had begun piling the gyro meat on top of my salad.  This is where I got very frustrated.  He ONCE AGAIN forgot the dressing, didn't even ask.  I had to tell him "there is no dressing on that" as he was putting the lid on asking if it was dine-in or to go.  He seemed surprised I wanted dressing on my salad?  So, he began to do two or three half hearted attempts at squirting the dressing out on top of the gyro meat as the bottle went empty (eerily similar to the previous visit when someone actually tried to give me dressing).  I suppose it seemed to be enough to him, and me being the laid back not to make a stink guy politely paid for my lunch and proceeded to throw it away.  I know, an irrational thing to do.I probably won't be going back there.  There are other places similar that do much better at everything, just maybe another 5 minutes on the drive from where I am.  I'm just disappointed mostly that this place let me down every single time I went in.  Some things were really good, some things not so good.  Very inconsistent.  I really wanted to like this place.  Maybe after some time, they'll get their consistency down and I can raise this up to the 5 stars everyone else is giving it.
5	Saw this place from the outside on my way to a training for work and knew immediately I would have to try the food and raw juice bar!! Went with the girls for lunch that day and we absolutely fell in love!! The food was amazingly delicious and we couldn't stop raving about every bite we took! On top of that we were able to customize a raw juice which I loved the idea of and the taste even more! Let's just say we were hooked from the beginning and went back for lunch everyday and for juices on breaks from the training.Isn't wasn't only the food and juice that brought us back..we were drawn instantly to the charisma of Nas and Sam and the attention they had to the atmosphere and attention to detail for their customers! I love the feeling of the place and you can tell that they live to a philosophy and not only to making money! I will be visiting as often as possible, even after the end of my training..they have made me a loyal customer
4	Very good. First time here. I got a gyro. I like the concept. Kind of like chipotle for Mediterranean food. The gyro I got was huge as well. Lots of meat and toppings. Well worth it.
5	By far the best Mediterranean food in the area. Serving size is enough for two meals. Price is great. Fast food pricing for healthy delicious food. Meat is fresh and cooked daily. Hummus is incredible. Chicken is spiced to perfection. Gyro is the freshest in town. The serving set up is identical to chipotle. Atmosphere is very comfortable and clean. There will be a full service bar very soon. If you need a quick meal and don't want fattening fried food this is the place for you. Most fast food pita joints are dingy and smell. This place is most certainly deserving of a five star review.
4	The long line was totally worth the wait. The service was great, the place was brightly lit and clean and the food is good!  The only thing I would change or request would be a half sizable. This is too much food for lunch for me. Other than that I have zero complaints!
5	Thanks to Nas for responding.  I think that's really cool.  Though I didn't take you up on your offer, I did go back recently.  There was a lady in line in front of me who had never been there, so I got to describe what everything was and told her everything was good.  We both got exactly what we wanted, I even asked for an extra side of dressing which was quickly loaded in my bowl.  I hadn't tried the hummus very much my first few times.  I did this time and it  was AWESOME!  Ask for extra pita, it's so good you'll want to eat it all!
5	Pictures on the window caught my eye as I was passing by had to try it out. Such a welcoming atmosphere! They had a "wiki-pita" to explain what the food was..really neat! I had the hummus bowl with chicken... Love how I got to create it myself and see all the toppings in front of me. Food tastes DELICIOUS! Got a smoothie from the juice bar before I left and loved that also! I would definitely recommend this place to everyone!
5	This establishment was a real find on a Saturday afternoon looking for something new. The staff was very courteous, the selection varied, and the food was great.  The "raw juices" was a nice add to menu. Hummus was particularly good. You can build your own gyro with a lot of choices to make it to your particular taste.Try this place!
5	The food here tastes very fresh.  The staff is friendly.  The prices are reasonable.  The portions are excellent - particularly if you make your own bowl, then it's huge and delicious!  The atmosphere is light and casual.  Not sure what else to say except I eat here regularly because it is always an excellent experience.
5	Hit this place for lunch. Was fast, and once I got my Gyro Southstreet, it was delicious. The PB was good, they say is their creation but I've had very similar "spread" in other places. Was a nice experience. The ONLY thing that would need improvement is that the personell should try and be a little more friendly. Only the guy in training was smiling and very cheerful.
4	Love this new lunch spot! My go-to is a hummus bowl with chicken. It's great to have healthy options close  to the office. I've never had any issues with the quality of food, although (like someone else mentioned) it seems like they're being a little more stingy with portion sizes, particularly the hummus. In spite of that, I would give 5 stars if I didn't think my order was a giant inconvenience to many of the staff. I know the lunch rush can be stressful but I just get the feeling some of the employees could use a little more patience. Great overall!
