4	I just hit up Tavern 245 for the first time, and I'm now a fan. As an added benefit, it's not even all that expensive. First off, the beer list is great. With an 8-tap primary, they don't have much room for fooling around, and they don't seem to waste any time on bad beer. From Furthermore (Knot Stock) to East End Brewing (Big Hop IPA), they fill the space well and don't seem to lend an inch to uninteresting macro-brews. The bottle list follows a similar trend with about 20 additional options. If you really do want a macro-brew, it looks like they allow that in the downstairs bar--or in a bottle.The menu follows familiar sections but offers some exciting options. True to tavern form, they offer up some exciting appetizers but some good dinner options as well. I tried a side salad along side dinner and was quite impressed. The staff was even more than willing to switch in a few vegetarian options: my veggie tacos were notably delicious (and mysteriously missing from the menu!).I'll post some photos and more extensive comments on FoodBurgh in the next few days, but I'll start by saying right here, that they're definitely worth checking out!
3	Frequently downtown for Pens and Steeler games we're always looking for somewhere different to eat.  After reading about the opening of a new place on 4th Av we decided to try it.  Tavern245 is a cool place with a bar and lounge area with big screen tvs both upstairs and street level.  The beer menu has a great selection and the bartender made my cocktail according to my request without a problem.  We enjoyed them with the Nachos by You, which were a very healthy serving with delicious toppings.  We all ordered some kind of burger.  The menu offers 4 different choices.  They were cooked to order and very tasty.  With parmesan seasoned shoestring fries or homemade potato chips on the side our meal was complete. Good food and good service is a good reason to visit this new establishment.  Nice to see people taking a chance on a business in an area that needs it so badly.  Kudos to you, Tavern245!
5	Absolutely love this place.  I went there for the first time about 2 weeks ago for dinner on a Saturday night.  Service was great, and very nice atmosphere.  There are couches to lounge on as well as tables to eat at.  We all ordered Burgers - which were amazing.  One of those places I can't wait to go back to.  I live about a block from this place and will definitely be back often!
5	Went a few week ago for the first time. I thought it was going to be a one floor bar with some tables, but it had a whole upstairs dining room/bar/lounge. Food was great and very good price. I will be trying them for happy hour very soon.
2	Barely ok place.  Great, intimate first floor bar.  I'm sure happy hour there is a blast.  Second floor restaurant is nice.  Menu selection for the location and atmosphere is rather disappointing.  Pretty much local safety food.  Nothing risky.  Reuben, quesadilla, sliders, etc... I was expecting more as I didn't do my homework before I went.  I took my GF there for her birthday for lunch.  they added the moniker "steel city" to the quesadilla's.  not really any different than a traditional tex-mex quesadilla.  tortilla, cheese and sides of sour cream, salsa and guac.  not sure where "steel city" comes into play.  same with the "pittsburgher" hamburger.  just a burger.  maybe it was the addition of Heinz ketchup, but then wouldnt every burger, everywhere be a "pittsburgher?"  Though nice, the service staff weren't too bright when it came to guest respect and were somewhat "baby huey-ish."  In an empty restaurant, we were sat in the corner, which was good but when the server took our order, he asked us if we wanted separate checks. ???  We did walk in holding hands and I did have my arm around her while the hostess was getting menus and the server watched us get seated at his table.  the katy perry song coming from the radio in the kitchen was alright though.  Then the next couple that came in, they were sat right next to us at the closest table... In an empty restaurant.  i ordered the reuben.  it was tasty and had all the ingredients but only a couple slices of reuben.  very thin sandwich.  chips that came with were pretty good.  Though I wasn't making out with the GF, it was her birthday in a semi-intimate setting and I was giving her a kiss and the server interrupted us and asked if everything was going ok.  like i said, baby huey.  i'm a price per portion type of person.  the cost of the food should match what youre getting.  small portions.  $9 for reuben.  fine for a bigger sandwich.  not for here.  Cheque was just the slip of paper face down on the table. No cheque book. Not even one when I paid with my card.  just a few pieces of paper and a pen thrown on the table.  my advice is if you want better food and more quantity for a few bucks less and service that is a little better, primantis is right around the corner.
4	My boyfriends been bugging me to go to Tavern 245 anytime we're wondering where to go.  I finally caved and did it.  The atmosphere is beautiful.  1st floor bar is small and intimate but very well decorated.  Second floor is more open and welcoming and great seating.  We took the first floor seating so we could chat with the bartender.The menu IS small, we both got hamburgers.  Boyfriend opinion: One of the best burgers I've ever had, pittsburgh rare done PERFECTLY.  Fries were a little too salty.  Cannot wait to go back and try the sliders.My opinion: I got a rather plain burger, because none of the ones they had appealed to me.  I thought the burger itself was really tasty and well done.  I got it cooked pretty well, the bartender/waiter said I should try it medium.  He was right, and I will do that next time.  Definately cannot wait to get those sliders in my belly they sound absolutely divine.  The service was a little slow (my burger was cooked well, so that explains a lot).  They make everything fresh, and to have fresh food that tastes good... I'll take a little longer service for that.  For being relatively new, they're doing very well for themselves.  They're a little hidden on the corner but I think once word gets out people will start going.Seriously... the sliders sound incredible.  I cannot wait to eat them.
5	Been looking for new lunch spots and hit the jackpot with T-245. Everything, food, service, and friendly people. Excellent place!
4	Everything I've ordered is excellent. The chef is from the closed Palomino's and offers an excellent menu.  My favorite is their tomato basil soup, the farm slider and white Russian.
3	Very cool urban dining room. Salads--particularly the Fiesta--are inventive and delicious. The tomato mushroom soup is fabulous and their burgers are great. The hummus and guacamole aren't up to the same standard.  And, I think msg or Accent is used in some foods because the last three times I've been there I had a similar, unpleasant reaction.  One other thing that has formed my opinion of this place: I left my scarf on the floor behind my chair on a recent visit. When I called for it 40 minutes later it was "gone."
4	I went here for lunch a while ago with some co-workers.  I thought the food was tasty and the service was prompt and professional.  I'd definitely like to check it out again.  It seems a bit small inside, but we didn't have any problems getting a seat.
3	This place literally just snuck up on me!  I was taking shoes to be repaired across the street and I looked up and noticed a huge sign for Tavern 245.  How have I missed this for an entire year or so!? I walked in and was immediately impressed.  From the outside it's completely unassuming because it's just a tiny door into this really sleek looking lounge downstairs.  Then you walk upstairs and it's a cute little bar restaurant.  But what made me feel immediately comfortable was the friendly staff (in Pittsburgh Steelers gear, of course).  The menu offerings were cheap cheap cheap for a downtown setting like this.  $5-12 for all lunch offerings.  I chose the Fiesta salad since I knew I would be eating bad later (we'll discuss in a later review!).  My dining partners chose the pierogies, which were incredible by the way, and the grilled cheese.  My salad was overpowered by the strong taste of onions.  I'm not sure if it was too many in the actual salad or the dressing, but it kinda killed the taste of everything else.  A little food jealousy....a little disappointment. But I absolutely want to visit again for a happy hour!  I think the place is just super adorable and a great setting for some drinks to be had from the extensive looking drink menu!
4	A regular on my lunch routine.  My work crew and I all order the same - yes the same :), It's that good.  We get the caprese chicken.  Two thinly sliced grilled pieces of chicken places placed on ciabatta bread which is slather with red bell pepper pesto.  They top this with thick cut tomatoes, fresh mozzarella, and a huge piece of basil drizzled with balsamic.  It's to die for.  As a side I normally get the shoestring fries that are topped with a light dusting of Parmesan.  I just love it!!  I've had a few other things there that have been good.  The only issue I have with this place is lack of consistency.  I've gone a few times where the food was off, or the fries were different, or they had run out of ciabatta and used bread that made the sandwich soggy - ie gross.  I've heard their happy hour is good, so hopefully I'll get to try it out soon.
4	Tavern 245 is one of our regular happy hour spots. Modern vibe to it but the chairs/sofas are still pretty comfortable. And as one expects in a Pgh bar, TV's so you can watch sports. Specials are good, the bartenders are friendly and while it gets busy for happy hour, it's not too crowded. It may feel a little hazardous getting down the stairs when you've had one too many but I haven't heard any reports of accidents so it's really not that bad;)For lunch, I've only been once; got a burger which was pretty good. Prices are very decent for downtown. Make sure to get here a little early for lunch as the service is a little slow once they get busy (a sentiment also confirmed by coworkers who've gone more often). I certainly wouldn't mind coming back for lunch again.
3	I like Tavern 245 as a happy hour spot.  I don't love it, though.  They have a good draft list though, and they are downtown, so points for that.  I would rather go here than Olive or Twist / Nine on Nine, and other "swanky" spots because at least Tavern 245 doesn't feel pretentious.  Drafts are $2 off from 4-8pm.  They also do food "specials" for happy hour, though I don't know that they are all that special.  Their guac was way too sour, and their wings are small pieces for $1 each.  It's a nice spot with a good vibe, and I would encourage you to at least stop by to check it out.  While I don't think you will be blow away, I also doubt you will be disappointed.
4	Eat lunch here often food is always tasty the soups are great andconsidering the location reasonably priced
5	Tavern 245 may have possibly saved mine and my good friend's life. After arriving late to Pittsburgh due to a flight delay, we asked a snotty cab driver to take us to a fast food drive through for something greasy, we had been traveling for about 13 hours and needed the sustenance he replied he didn't eat fast food.  So we wondered the streets of Pittsburgh at 12:30 at night, going door to door for food and finally made it to Tavern 245, where the coolest bartender gave us directions to get food, which we would not have found because the restaurant was on the second floor. After we ordered the food it was going to take 15 minutes so we ran back to have a beer while we waited, I went with an Ale and a Sam Adams October fest, I believe each were around $5. Then the bartender suggested we have the food delivered there so we did and had the best wings, pizza and beer ever. Came back the next day for happy hour, same cool ass bartender  was there and he made us a gin and tonic that was so good, so strong, so large, and so cheap ($4) it deserves its own 5 star review.
3	Really good food and the price was reasonable, especially for downtown. Had the open-faced turkey, and it was great. Will definitely return.Update: Went back and it was not nearly as good. Plus the oven-faced turkey was off the menu.
2	Absolutely not. My drink was weak as hell. Tastes like sour lime juice and ice. It's decor is great but whyyyyy is everything over-priced?
2	I was out for drinks and snacks with 6 women that I work with. Tavern 245 is close to the office, so it seemed like a nice spot to try. When the server took our drink order, one of my co-workers asked if they had any signature martinis. The server said he could make anything we wanted and lemon drop and orange blossom were popular flavors. This would have been a great opportunity to offer us the drink menu, but he did not. He also did not ask if we wanted anything to eat. I found someone in a chef jacket and asked if they served food. He gave us menus. I ordered a reuben with house-made potato chips. When my food came out, there were french fries, so I sent them back. It took about 10 minutes for the waiter to bring back my plate. The sandwich was soggy and the meat tough. Later I discovered a very interesting drink menu that we might have liked to order from. Won't be going back.
5	This place was amazing. Had one of there gourmet burgers, really spectacular. Ask for the burger with a fried egg...still dreaming of it right now.
4	Ok, I will get this out of the way now: I was only here one time and that was for a celebratory party for my boyfriend (he quit his shitty job). All we did was get completely and utterly rocked.Oh, and I should mention that I tried Classy Cab and it failed me just as hard as Yellow Cab. Boo, Pittsburgh taxis; boo!We ordered round after round of mojitos. By the time I arrived someone had gotten a little sloppy making them and I tasted a whole lotta club soda. Why can't I find a good mojito in Pittsburgh!?!I don't know how you really review a place that you were only there to get rocked at, but I'll give them this: the bartenders and waitresses were awesome. Our group got way bigger than initially planned (plan: 15-20; arrived: 30 or more), but they handled it like pros. I estimate that we spent at least $1,000, possibly much more. It was a good time, that's all I have to say.
5	Were it not for the large vertical sign it might be easy to walk right past this hidden gem of a restaurant!I decided to go there for lunch yesterday solely because it was close to my friends office building and it was cold outside.  I am so glad we did.The dining room is upstairs and it's got a "this was chic and modern in the 1990s" vibe to it--but in a good way?  It's possible, just trust me.  Our server was nice and it helped that he was totally hot.  guy with the curly haired pony tail?  thanks for keeping lunch sexy!I ordered the caprese burger which had mozzerella, basil, and a balsamic reduction on it.  It may just be the best burger I have ever had.  It was fantastic, well work the $10.  My friends each had the portobello burger and while one of them said their sandwich was great the other said he found his a bit greasy.  Still, we left happy, and we were not broke when we left either.Business was brisk when we arrived but we didn't have to wait for a table.  I'm not sure how busy it gets during the dinner hour, but I will find out, because I will def be back!
4	I may not understand the rules of hockey, or why the outside of Oreo cookies even exist, but I know one thing - and that thing is salads.  I know the good, the bad and the wilted. And this place does a GOOD salad.  I had the Carribean and mumsie had the Mediterranean.  Hers was alive with plump kalamata olives and mine was, dare I say it, resplendent in a bevy of fresh pineapple, mango and mandarin oranges; accompanied by a mango mint dressing for which I'd likely sell my soul. In short - both were AWESOME.  Until today, I didn't even know Tavern 245 existed, but found the ambiance delightful and the prices reasonable. At $12 for each salad, a teensy bit on the pricier side for my usual lunch, but I'd go for it again in a heartbeat.  Tavern 245 also has flat-screens o'plenty, so bring the crew for a game or your date for a relaxing night out in your best jeans. Either way, Tavern will impress.
3	So the kitchen wasn't open late enough for me to have any food.  Major bummer and the bar tender looked like he was trying to hurry every one along so that he could close up shop.  I liked the decor of the place and the lay out.  When I went after 10pm the patrons all seemed to know each other and be of the service industry sect. I was amused to listen to their stories of shitty tippers.I hope to try this place earlier in the day when I can actually have some grub.
3	My friend and I came here for St. Paddy's Day, and we thought it was nicely-appointed decor-wise and that the bartenders were nice, but I thought the corned beef we had was disgusting and too fatty. "Not much to write home about" is what I'm thinking.
2	It's okay but only went because that's where the other people I was with wanted to go.  The food is very average, nothing too special.  There are some things on the menu that you think might be good then you get them and are not impressed.One cool thing about this place is that they have a rooftop deck now.  So if you are just going for drinks and it is a nice day out, that could be a good option.
4	Confusing on where to dine its 3 floors. Bartender was awesome
3	Came here for our stop is Pittsburg on a whim. We needed something decent and quick so we could continue to travel as soon as possible. I ordered the Hawaiian Burger- which was delicious but the fries are even better. Good selection of beers and comfortable atmosphere WITH rooftop access.We ate at the bar, and while the locals were friendly and the bartender was knowledgeable, she was left to take care of too much on her own and was making open comments, clearly annoyed.  The bar was mostly empty, and if it weren't for the kindness of locals I might have been turned off by the bartender. Otherwise good food and worthwhile to stop by, especially if you need a good, quick meal.
4	I recently received a promotion and a group of coworkers took me here last Friday for celebratory drinks and dinner. This was actually my second time here (I had honestly forgotten about it because I do not spend much time downtown outside of working hours) but it's a decent spot that I plan to start visiting more often.There are bars on all three floors. The first floor is small and looked trendy (for lack of a better word), but I have never spent any time there. The second floor is larger and contains the bulk of the restaurant's seating. We spent our time on the third floor, which is a rooftop deck with another bar and a decent amount of seating.Drinks seemed to be reasonably priced. I stuck to beer on Friday so I can't speak for the mixed drinks. For dinner I had the fried chicken salad, which was delicious! A very generous portion of tasty chicken overtop of a heaping salad. I would definitely get it again. My coworkers tried a few other dishes including the quesadillas, which also looked (and apparently were) delicious.I definitely recommend Tavern 245 as a nice, casual spot for post-workday dinner and drinks on the rooftop!
4	Great place.  Been there many times for lunch and cocktails.  Rooftop terrace is really nice.  You have. To check out that awesome bartender Kia she is attentive remembers your name and quick to help take your order and serve.  Every bar should have a Kia!!'n
4	I went Sept 6, and strangely there wasnt hardly a soul there. The downstairs bar is cute, upstairs dining was really nice. Allot of tables (empty ones) a very nice bar, elevated booth seating as well, would be GREAT to watch sports at this place. Burgers were delish! Had American burger with caramelized onions, feta french fries and buffalo chix dip. Great portions, fair pricing. I would def go back, but they need better advertising, no one was here, but arpund the corner in market square, u couldn't get a seat at the crappiest of places. I get its location...but come on, they are like 200 ft away from Market Square...and would be great for local regulars to hang...they need some marketing help...that and people in Pgh need to walk a minute or two.
5	Went for a 8:00pm dinner on Friday night, 2nd floor seating. Great food, friendly atmosphere, wonderful people. American chicken sandwich and bacon popper burger, with bleu cheese chips. All delicious, the chicken was delicious and fresh! The chips were a little salty but the bleu cheese and bacon dressing was perfect. At the end, the lovely waitstaff provided boxes with the name of dinner and a DATE ORDERED! Really just a nice thing to do for the "leftovers" person. I hope every person's experience is like mine.
1	My wine was served in a dirty glass, one of the bartenders had a mouth like a sailor (f-bombs), listened to a server give a couple a hard time over whether or not they ordered fries or slaw. Overall a weird atmosphere...save your money!!
3	Never knew this place existed until a group of friends met for a holiday dinner. Second floor is pretty big, and while nice and clean enough, was pretty generic.First floor is smaller in a cozy way, and pretty nice, but with smoking permitted it's not somewhere I'd spend a lot of time.
