5	Most definitely an 'ultimate buffet dining experience'. This buffet has everything my little heart could ever desire. The brunch is wonderful, especially with the all- you-can drink Mimosas(hiccup!). HUGE props for  the Mediterranean bar and the lox bagel sandwich bar. Top notch service. C'mon, what is Vegas without a buffet?
5	My favorite not hyped up buffet in Vegas.  The lines are typically manageable, prices are reasonable, but the food and atmosphere is awesome.  Wide wide selection of food that you can expect from a nice buffet, and also clean, well-maintained and spacious dining area.  Sure, the Wynn has more bells and whistles, but it didn't blow me away.  So why wait in long lines, sit at cramped tables, and pay more for the same buffet quality food?  Cravings hits my sweet spot in the price/quality/atmosphere equilibrium.
4	Very good buffet for the price.  Wide selections of food and dessert.  I especially loved the bread pudding and sugar free pistacchio ice cream, yummm.  The crab claws alone is well worth the price you pay for the buffet.
5	For a Buffet...this place was awesome!Actually...this place doesn't need the "For a Buffet" disclaimer.It has excellent food, of superior quality to many more expensive Vegas establishments ( HELLO...EMERIL...ARE YOU LISTENING? )...and the value can't be beat.I don't normally attempt to actually EAT all that I CAN...but this place made me want to just keep going back for more.We did the brunch menu...and it was LOADED.  Standard American breakfast fare...build yer own Omelette bar...delicious raw-bar...Latin and Asian inspired brunch items...plus dessert at 11am was a real treat.Oh, did I mention the all-you-can-drink champagne / mimosas to go with it?Yeah...there's that too.  If you're busy on the floor of the Mirage Casino, and you get the munchies, this really is the place to get your fix.And if you plan it just right...you can kill about 2 1/2 hours like we did just drinking your weight in champagne.Opa!
4	I never thought I'd do two buffets in one night.  To be honest, I wasn't even that hungry.  I know it's sacrilege to walk into a buffet when you're not that hungry, but we couldn't decide where else to eat.So why four stars??  Because I didn't feel overwhelmed or disgusted.  I wasn't too hungry, but I managed to eat well and not feel disgusted.  They had a good raw bar with fresh shrimp and crab legs.  The ceviche was damn spicy!!  Probably my fav was the Japanese noodle soup which they prepare on the spot so it's nice and warm, and the noodles don't get soggy!!  The broth was so excellent on a chilly winter night!!
4	One of the most satisfying buffet choices in Vegas for the money.  At Cravings you don't need to deal with huge lines like you do at Bellagio, Rio, or Aladdin.  The food is fresh, turnover is high, and the price is reasonable.  Advice:  Don't make rookie buffet mistakes!  Walk past all the bread, pasta, and salad choices; the seafood is hidden all the way in the back of the room.
5	This is my current favorite Vegas buffet. I visited for my third time over the weekend and needed to give 'em some credit on Yelp.  Good price for the weekend lunch buffett as compared to The Wynn and Bellagio.  The quality is good and the selection is satisfying.  Make sure that you visit the very back of the buffet first where the seafood (and most expensive) items are located.  They're smart and hide it back there past all the cheap carb options. My only negative comment would have to be with the desserts, although this seems to be indicative of all buffets.  For some reason the desserts are just never that good.  Instead, try the gelato over some apple cobbler.
5	When I go to vegas, this will be my Sunday Brunch Dining choice!They have everything!-Crab-Gelato-Pot Stickers-Sushi - not the best-Breakfast foods (my fav)-Desserts - all kindsGreat dining experience!
5	This is a foodie's heaven! I happen to stop in this weekend at the Mirage while visiting Vegas. Everyone was raving about Cravings so I said, let me check it out. Got in there and was amazed by what I saw. Brunch was about $22 per person but that included an unlimited supply of mimosas (the diva in me can't start the day without one while on the road) and an all you can eat buffet that had you sampling wares from all over the world. Great service. Great food. Definitely a must when visiting Vegas.
4	Great food, great atmosphere, love the bid square white plates they have...its my #2 buffet in vegas (carnival's #1)
4	I give it FOUR stars because of the atmosphere!The food was alright.  But I definitely would go here again.  It is better than the RIO buffet!  Selection was alright.  I do not recommend the sushi.  Stay away from the alfredo dish from the pasta bar area.I basically ate CRAB and beef marsala.I definitely LOVED their dessert selection!  WAY TO GO!!!Our server was not happy to be there.
5	if i could, i would give it more stars. such an amazing selection of food from italian, japanese, chinese, and seafoods.they make your salad fresh and prepare it for you, great soup and shrimp shrimp shrimp.the champagne brunch, which serves the same food as dinner but with eggs, waffles, the works, is only $22. not bad for what you're getting and all you can drink mimosas or champagne. though i think the price of the brunch is higher on sundays, it's still such a great deal.
2	This review is for the SUNDAY - BRUNCH...I had really high expectations about this place, but unforunately I was very disappointed.  I was really craving breakfest food but found that most of their eggs/hashbrown etc... were either overcooked or just simply not tasty.  They had some nice shrimp cocktail here but it was sitting in this enclosed little area in the middle or nowhere...The crab legs were also very small and unpelled and required WAY to much work to be even worth it.  Their sushi, like most other vegas buffets, really didn't taste all that fresh or good either.  The only thing I enjoyed at this buffet was their prime rib, which was somewhat decent.  I also liked the fresh made omeletts too.  For $20.50, I would definetly skip this buffet and venture off to planet hollywood, belliago, wynn, or paris, as for a few bucks more you'll really see a big difference in food and quality.  I will someday try their dinner buffet and report back.I will try the dinner buffet and see how it o
3	i went for dinner on Saturday.Decent buffet. (I think all the buffets are starting to taste the same)The salmon sushi was surprisingly very good! As well as the seaweed salad. It tasted just like the ban chan at korean restuarants! I also enjoyed the gelato...hazelnut and pineapple mango...both were delicious!
5	This is currently my second favorite buffet to eat at. The quality of the food really impressed me, in fact its probably the best quality food I've eaten. I just rank Rio's as number one since theres more variety there. The fact that they offer gelato here makes them a winner in my book. And the price for the buffet is reasonable compared to the other overpriced ones that aren't even that great. Go here. I definitely think this one is underrated.
5	Granted, I have never experienced what's offered at the buffets at Bellagio, Mandalay Bay, or some of the other spots along the strip, but I imagine it can't be much different than Cravings, here at the Mirage.  Here's everything you could possibly dream about in a buffet, all for under $20.00 at lunch.  Fresh seafood, piping-hot selections from the Asian, Mexican, Italian, and other food stations, while the decor creates a truly stunning atmosphere.  Modern, fresh, and delicious.
5	It's Vegas. Ain't nothing wrong with getting hammered before noon while you're still nursing last night's hangover while stuffing your face with goodies at the same time. It just makes sense.-------Mimosas, melt-in-your-mouth prime rib, mimosas, not-your-average-wimpy-shrimp-cocktail shrimp cocktail, mimosas, giant crab legs, mimosas, smoked salmon, more mimosas.... finish it off with AYCE gelato.
5	I have to eat at Cravings whenever I'm in town.  I don't care how hung over I am, or how much money I've lost, I will eat prime-rib, eggplant parm, sugar-free hazelnut gelato, sushi, sugar-free cheesecake, crab legs, fried shrimp, fried chicken, sausage, ham, bacon, smoked salmon, meat n' cheese, and salad.  If you think that's gross, you should catch me when I'm not on my diet.The last time I was here, my friend Cynthia and I never actually dined together.  It was more of a tag-team (not the Whoomp! There it is! kind).  Somehow, whenever one was eating, the other was going up for more food.  Next time, I'll be the 2 plates-at-a-time kind of girl.
3	There are alot better buffets than this one.  Course there are also pricier buffets too.  So it is tough to compare.   First off the prime rib was definitely good and I do love my prime rib  ( but I didn't see anything else like turkey or ham at the carving station for all the non prime rib fans, didn't bother me as much but just saying).  Next if you truly enjoy sushi, never eat it at a regular Vegas buffet because it just isnt that good (excluding Rio and Bellagio buffets) so I won't fault Mirage really for that.  The shrimp cocktail and crab legs were as good as most other buffets.  They're Chinese food was not very good along with alot of their sides like potato salad, mashed potatoes, and other veggies etc.  And while they do have gelato, their selection is quite small, (4 flavors of which the hazelnut was the best), the other desserts did pretty much suck. The cheesecake was incredibly gross along with a not so good apple pie.  And since we all know dessert is pretty much the best part of a meal, that definitely didn't leave the best taste in my mouth.   Overall for 25 dollars a person, it was decent, but I'd rather spend the extra money to eat better.
2	Nothing too special about this buffet, but we decided to eat here again because I love buffets and we were at the Mirage to see a show. Our waiter was really nice and attentive, but I don't think that makes up for the semi-disgusting food. Always a sucker for miso soup, I had to have some. I was disappointed by how salty it was. Nothing else was really that great either, except for the macaroons. Those are always pretty consistent and pretty good.
3	The set of up this buffet is pretty nice (except for the totally strange cold seafood bar that is hidden in a back wall) - the food is good, not as good as Mandalay Bay's buffet, but totally solid.  I was really impressed with their made to order tossed salad and their Italian selection (never had a good pasta dish at a buffet, yet this one pulled off a very nice linguine with clam sauce).  The prime rib was good as well.I don't think I would ever go out of my way to eat here again, but I would definitely eat here if I was in Mirage and wanted a buffet.  Service was okay, but the place was empty when we were there for dinner and yet our drinks only got refilled once.
3	One of the better buffets I've been to.  The price is pretty out there, but there's definitely variety if that's what you're looking for. The place is pretty much square shaped and there's food choices surrounding each side the cube.  The place is really bright and there's plenty of seating.I never feel like it's actually worth 25-30 bucks to eat at a buffet as the quality of the food isn't as high as some restaurants, but at the the same time the quantities are insane and unlimited.  Most of the time I find myself eating a plate or sometimes two and maybe a bit of dessert. I don't eat as much as some people because it's kind of disgusting.  People eating the way they do sometimes at buffets is enough to lose your appetite, so it might be a good idea to not look around so much. If you're a big eater definitely come here, if not, a restaurant which serves a decent portion might do the trick for ya.
5	My favorite buffet in vegas.Being able to customize a salad and then pick the dressing and have someone mix it all up for you... AMAMZING!Everything I tried at this buffet was tasty.
2	My only complaint about the Mirage casino. I had dinner here, and it was $27 a person PLUS a 45 minute wait in line. Because of that, I had high expectations, but I was extremely let down. I didn't pay $27 to eat Costco Potstickers or "sushi" (if you count cucumbers wrapped in rice w\ soy sauce packets). The swordfish they had was disgusting and very dry.  They did have tossed salads and made to order paninis, but I consider that something that is more suiteable for lunch. The prime rib was OK at best, The environment is nice though, all the tables are spread apart so you can actually have a conversation. Its well lit as well. Only if the food wasn't so crappy..
4	We came here around 7:30ish and only waited fifteen minutes in line, so not too bad.  The selection was a little disappointing at some of the stops but most of the food was pretty good.  I had some great ribs, mongolian beef, corn bread, mashed potatoes, turkey.  I had an ok gyro, really awful "garlic chicken" and amazing pistachio gelato and sugar free peach pie.  The layout is easy and manageable and the food was overall really great, so four stars it is!
4	I'm broke.  No, not just gambling broke (which I was).  Much worse.  Stripper broke.  The worst feeling.  I spent all that money only resulting in.........zipper chaffing.  Get that mental picture?  gross..yeh imagine how I feel.Waking up dejected and just enough money to buy 4 happy meals...we were hesitant.  Hesitant to go to Sterling buffet (ironic that we'll drop hundreds on lap dances but not $75 on caviar huh?), the cocoa-butter-smellin-asses opted over to the Cravings buffet in Mirage.  What makes the Food Slut smile in such gloomy conditions?  23.99 AYCE and AYCD champagne.  WHAT?  Say WHAT?!?!  Yes, AYCE crab legs, ribs, prime rib.................and CHAMPAGNE!Quality?  Well...it's a buffet.  You only go to gorge yourself on cheap meats and booze...mmmm..just like how I like my women.  Low maintenance....er..but not cheap.
3	Maybe it's called "Cravings" because you crave better food when you leave.My opinion on the buffets in Vegas is you get what you pay for. That being said, we opted to try the buffet here because we didn't want to wait in a 1-2 hour line at the Wynn. I had been here only once before, about 6 years ago, and since then, they changed a lot.. from what I remember, anyway. We came around 7 and had to wait maybe 20 minutes to get seated. I liked how everything was spread out, so it was really easy to get what you wanted, and move on. The rice pilaf was really good, along with their meat. My friend and I thought it was awesome that they had a panini and gyro guy who would make you one to order. I immediately decided on a turkey and cheese panini. After waiting about 5 minutes for someone to come help us, a man who barely spoke english grumbled that we get what he makes us, and put together a sloppy-looking panini with ham, cheese, onion, and some pesto. After all of the hassle it took to get one, the sandwich didn't taste all that great. Their spinach-artichoke dip was also not a winner with us. Too much spinach, not enough flavor. You really do get what you pay for, so I wasn't expecting too much out of it. Can't say I was really surprised.
2	Not a horrible buffet....but not a great one. There is a lot of variety to choose from...but the food isn't the greatest. The atmosphere is great and the service is wonderful. The dessert bar need MUCH help. Not a lot to  choose from there and most of it was horrible. I go to Vegas every year and usually steer clear of this one.
3	A very interesting buffet place. I like the fact that they serve so many different ethnic foods. They don't just have your typical stuff. It was different and somewhat tasty. I don't usually like buffets, but this place is decent. There is a wide variety of choices. One of the better items I got was the Pesto Panini sandwhich. It was pretty tasty. Also, the mediterrian dishes were decent too. The dim sum was ok, but if you are not too picky about taste, this is a good place to go since the variety is pretty amazing.
3	When I got to Cravings I was kinda disappointed that there was no line. You know what that means? The food must not taste good. There was definitely a lot of variety but they were all lacking in quality. I was quite fond of the cocktail shrimp and ceviche, but you can't messed those up now can you? I wouldn't recommend this place to anyone. If you really want to go to a buffet that taste good, I would recommend you head to Rio or the Bellagio. It's more expensive, but at least the quality of food is better. The staff are quicker to take away your plates and refilling yours drinks.
4	I think this is one of the best buffets I've had in Vegas.  The price is decent, and the food selection was great.  One of my biggest problems with buffets is the fresh-ness/quality of the food, and that didn't seem to be a big issue here.  I also liked their selection of gelato and desserts.  Gelato for brunch, mmm!**** update 3/27/08This time Cravings was even cheaper!  I think the key is to come around 10:30, because there's no line then and you get in for breakfast prices ($15) but you can stay into "lunch" (prices change at 11 I think).  Again, very satisfied with my meal.  They had fried plantains, and they do Asian food better than any buffet I've been to (which isn't saying that much, but is saying something).
4	good food!
4	We went here for Champagne Brunch. It was pretty good. The price includes unlimited champagne and/or unlimited mimosas (orange juice and champagne), so it was a GREAT deal.  We had a pretty big party and our waitress was reallly nice and didnt seem to mind constantly bringing us refills for our mimosas and champagne glasses.  As for the food, a few of the things that I can remember are crab legs, shrimp, some sushi, gyros (yum!), paininis, and other basic buffet foods.  They had a pretty good selection of international dishes, so if all you really want is american food, I wouldn't recommend this buffet.  Since it was brunch, they also had breakfast foods and dessert!  They even had gelato, yes gelato!  Overall, we had a really good experience, and would definitely come back to this buffet for champagne brunch!
4	Really great buffet!  Fresh food and lots of choices. They have Italian, BBQ, pizza, Mexican, Mediterranean, seafood (shrimp, crab legs), sushi, Chinese, panini's, gyros, lox, made to order salads, and dessert including sugar-free selections, fruit, warm cookies, cakes, and a wonderful gelato bar. Very good food for a reasonable price!
5	I know this might undermine my credibility some, but Cravings was probably my favorite restaurant in Las Vegas. It's like a college dining hall--except all the food is REALLY. GOOD. All eating rules of propriety are thrown out the window--eat as much as you want, fast. Mix whatever you want. Have seven different entrees. Take six desserts and have a bite of each. Really--this was one of the better dining experiences of my life. Make sure you bring along fun/food-happy people, though--it makes all the difference.The highlight was probably the "dipping" portion of our "appetizer" section. Tons of chips and crisps and the like, with guacamole, spinach-artichoke, cheese dip, and salsa. Like heaven.For Las Vegas, reasonably priced, too.
4	As many have mentioned, the showing up before 11 AM and getting lunch and breakfast food for the low ( less than $15) price, is an awesome deal. This buffet is bright and clean, and I find the food quite good for a buffet. Also, the lines aren't nearly as long as Wynn or others.
5	Well well, this is the best buffet restaurant in the U.S. We have done a whole bunch of research before we tried. This one was rated the top buffet in Las Vegas. Everybody who visits Las Vegas should absolutely try it. Service is good, food is good, atmosphere is good, .....price is good too!
1	$30 for dinner.  Probably the worst buffet I have ever been to.  I only ate 2 plates and ice cream.  The next day, I weighed myself and lost a pound.
3	One of my favorite buffets to eat in Vegas =) Place is clean and the food is pretty tasty. Plus, its near all my favorite slot machines!
4	I really liked the variety the Mirage buffet offered.  Asian, carved meat, italian, etc.  I like it better than Paris buffet.
4	Great price, nice atmosphere. Many different options for different styles of food. Italian, BBQ, raw, dim sum, pho, sushi, Chinese, meats (prime rib and ham), egg/Omelete bar, salad bar, crepe station, Mexican, Mediterranean, and more. Excellent meats. The prime rib was juicy. The pineapple chicken had a nice kick of spicy. The bbq section was great. The cravings staff provide bottomless complementary mimosas, but they stop serving them after 3 pm. Great gelato!Here are the limitations. The veggie section was seriously lacking - there are more veggies out there than just salad. The cooked vegetable medley was great. I think there were some other cooked veggies in the Chinese section.There is no bathroom inside. The selection of desserts could be better. There were many sugar free desserts. But sometimes, a gal needs more than gelato and one type of cheesecake.
5	So where do you go in Vegas when you have a total of 9 girls in your party and they are all on a budget? A $25 dollar per person buffet seems a little over the top. I mean, how many girls can eat $25 worth of food right? Well, let me tell you about Cravings! It was honestly the best $25 dollars spent in Vegas this weekend! This place was so amazing I couldn't wait to get home so I could write a Yelp review about it. The selling point was the bottomless complementary Mimosas. Not only were we drinking endless amounts of Mimosas, we had the best server ever. She never let our champagne glasses reach less than half full. She was on point. While we were being loud and laughing a lot, she continued to have the biggest smile on her face as she contributed to the intoxication of our entire party. I'm not sure if it was my excitement of being at a buffet or if it was the mimosas, but I had the best breakfast ever. I had prime rib, mashed potatoes, sushi, shrimp cocktail, scallops, a burrito, a slice of pizza, gelato, wild rice, awesome guacamole (and I'm picky about my guac) and the list goes on. Everything at the buffet was amazing. They had an omelet station, a build your own crepe station, a sandwich and panini station, a create your own pasta dish station, Pho soup, sushi, prime rib, great deep dish pizzas and even more. The list is never ending. The atmosphere was nice. The decor was open and modern. The service was excellent and it was definitely worth $25 per person. This is going to be my new hot spot to hit up every time I'm in Vegas.
5	I wake up, head pounding, wondering where the hell I am. I glance to my left and see Liz passed out mouth open next to me. Aha Vegas. This means buffet.Now, let me tell you, 9 girls getting ready is not a fun time when you ony have two rooms. I was hungover, in dire need of :A)My morning coffeeB) A bottomless supply of mamosasC) Mass amounts of foodD) All of the above.So, after two hours of me pacing and complaining of the lack of speed from some hungover people we make our way to the Mirage. Buffet cost: $25. Shit. I told Kelly  would pay for her. This better be good for fifty bucks.It was. There was everything! The waitress promptly brought us 9 mimosas and waters. Bottomless mimosas were included. I love it. I ate: A panini, deep dish pizza, gelato, sushi, chinese noodles, mashed potatoes, crab legs, shrimp, chilaquilas, breakfast burrito, and washed it down with 20 mimosas. Yes 20. The lady was awesome. I would take a sip after she finished pouring and she would come back and fill the little that I had drank. Then Liz didn't want hers and I aqcuired two glasses. This turned into a competition between Kelly and I, who could drink the most before she left the table. because this lady would always refill.I love you lady. I asked you to come home with me but you wouldn't. But you ensured me to definitely come back.
1	BARF!  The duck was overcooked, the rice was undercooked, and the gelato was frozen solid.  Spend a few bucks more and head over the to the Wynn Buffet.  You work hard for your money.  Treat yourself to something palatable!
5	Being vegetarian, we walked around a few buffets before deciding our sunday brunch...we saw wynn, cravings and treasure island and decided on the mirage buffet. Excellent selection, great service and quality food.We walked around the susi bar but saw no vege sushi, the cook there promptly rolled us some avocado and vegetables sushi...The selection contained both breakfast and main meal items...The spring rolls, pizza, mex wraps, waffles, thai salads and dessets were all excellent. In drinks, they served champagne, lemonade, orange juice etc.Overall, we enjoyed the lunch.
5	Best buffet I've been to. My girlfriends and I started walking around to see what they had, and its like the food choices never ended!There are food options from all over the world, & the quality is surprisingly up to par. The Sushi, could use a little work...Service was all right, he could've smiled a little more. But at a buffet, I could care less, long as ya bring me my morning-after-partying Sprite! & he did, my glass never went empty.But we all left very happy & full.
4	It's a nice decent buffet with art deco style. It's very open and airy. The nice thing about this buffet is that they have a basic Dim Sum section, it helps when you crave Dim Sum for dinner....hmmmm maybe that's why this place is called "Cravings".....ah!!!! The Chinese/Japanese selection is only mediocre. The have pretty good crab legs and shrimp cocktails there. I like how all the service station are pretty spread out ...so you don't crowd one another. If you come New Years eve they give out whistle/blowers and funky head wears to celebrate the New Year.
3	$25!?For a Buffet dinner?!Geez times really have changed in town over the years. (Been coming for over 35 yrs.)I made up for it and scarfed on all King Crab Legs, Shrimps, and Pork Ribs. The Dessert options were quite good!!! As they should be. Wish I scurried away with a couple for this morning.Service people were on it. Clearing your spot for the next heaping plate to conquer.Go again? Sure.If you have a massive hangover after a night of it. Don't stare at the carpeting here. It could induce "the spins". And that just wouldn't be good.
5	Get there at 10:45, rush to the breakfast section and then take your time and eat.When they place out all the lunch options, get em all. This place is soo amazingly fantastic. I really like it a lot and we went there twice.
4	4.25 stars.I really enjoyed this buffet.  There's something for everyone.  I tend to linger around the dim sum area...the dumplings were really good.  I was just in China, so I've become quite the dumpling hoarder!  And the Chinese man making them spoke very little English.All right, moving on...So there's salad (which I skipped), sushi and a fish monger area.  A ton of cocktail shrimp and crab legs.  Mexican food, meat carving station, Mediteranean food and of course dessert and gelato.OMG was I stuffed!  Everything was included in the $24.99 price, except for my bottled water.  That was extra...and you need water when the weather is 111 degrees.  You don't give me my bottled water, off with your head (or .75 of a star in this case)!  I'm being generous because I can't complain about the food or the service.  The dining area/tables may not be upscale, but the food was worth the walk through the casino.
4	I'm not a big fan of buffets....but I think Cravings is by far my favorite buffet in Vegas!!!  I love how there are soooo many options....Chinese, Mexican, Vietnamese, Italian, American, etc.....everything possible.  I love how there are several stations where you can have your food made to order - pho, wonton mein, crepes, pasta...and the list continues.I would definitely recommend this buffet!!!
4	It is pretty good and everything is fresh.  But don't get a panini or gyros because they use the same oil and it leave brownish thickish stuff on your sandwich.  There is this really, really, really, really, really,(+100 reallys) nice guy called alberto and he is really friendly and funny.
4	One of the better buffets I've tried.  The waitress was nice.  She told us stories about some regular customers.  I love hearing that kind of stuff.  What most buffets don't do right is the fish and desserts.  The desserts were suprisingly good and the fish was alright (some were good, some you should skip).  In general, this place was yummy.  I'd definitely go again.
5	Definately a place I would come back for. The have so many options. I loooove this place. Not as much as the buffet @ bellagio. for the price at cravings, its NOT bed at all. 25 max. SF, a nasty asian buffet cost 27.99 a head. plus, its vegas! mussst try!
5	I've only had dinner here with my family but we all loved it.It is convenient how they label each section so we know exactly where to go to get seafood, salads, Chinese, Italian, etc.The price was decent, it costed us way less than the teppanyaki at Benihanas we had the night before, haha.I loved their variety of foods.The waiter was extra nice.
3	I was in Vegas with my wife and she said that we just had to go to this buffet because it was the best. She had been there about five years earlier when our brother-in-law was working at the Mirage, and she loved it. Maybe we caught them on an off-day or it was between lunch and dinner, but I was not at all impressed by this buffet. Not that it was bad, but there just wasn't much to write home about. They had some very basic "sushi" rolls, none of which used raw fish. The italian food was laughable, but that's generally how it is out west. The chinese food was pretty good, but that was not enough to save them. And for the price, they needed to have a lot more going on here. It cost almost as much as the buffet at the Bellagio, which was absolutely the most elegant buffet I have ever seen. In my opinion, skip this one and go to the Bellagio.
1	Blah! Blah! Blah!  My hubby and I came here with such high expectations after reading/ hearing all the reviews... and boy were we ever disappointed... infact my hubby got kind of quesy after eating here and we returned to our hotel to sleep it off...Yet another buffet that I will not be coming to in Vegas
2	My friends and I were absolutely ravishingly starving when we arrived to Vegas after what seemed to be a flight from hell! Immediately after checking into our rooms, we sought out the hotels buffet to stuff our faces.I have only read good things about the Bellagio and Wynn buffets and so we walked in not knowing what to expect. Overall, it was 'ok' for the price. Fortunately, there was no wait when we strolled in but it was a bit early (5pm). There's  station with Italian, Chinese, BBQ, and seafood. Their seafood option wasn't that great though. All they had was shrimp cocktail and crab legs but the crab legs are skinny and sorta sad looking.The desserts were 'blah' and nothing mouth watering which was also no surprise to me. Overall, we were starving and coming here served its purpose for us but it's definitely not worth a revist.
4	I've been to Cravings with different groups of friends and all of them have been pleasantly surprised with this buffet.  They offer a solid buffet with a fair selection for a decent dinner price of $25.They have various stations offering different styles of food, although each station offers a somewhat limited amount of that particular style.  The king crab is good, the prime rib is delicious, and the desserts were excellent.A very solid buffet and one of my favorites in Vegas.
4	This is one of the few buffets that my classmates and I have not tried so we came and visited it one day after class.  It was around 12pm and we were starving! The line to pay wasn't long, but we waited about 5-10 minutes to get seated.  I was pretty impressed with the selection at this place.  I hated the lunch buffet at Green Valley, Mandalay Bay, and Planet Hollywood, so I expected this buffet to be completely disappointing.  I'm glad they proved me wrong!!Their sushi spread wasn't that great.  They had two platters full of tiny little sushi rolls.  But they had a bunch of stations that I seriously couldn't even get to because I was so full!! They served crab legs and oysters in one end, and BBQ tri tip and filet slices on the other.  Their pasta station wasn't that great though, all they had that day was spaghetti with meatballs. Their dessert station was okay.  Their sugar free stuff did not taste very good but their gelatos, chocolate pastries, and cookies were yummy!  It was still a good experience. Another buffet to check off my list.  I only have two more months left here in Vegas, and I have 2-3 more casino buffets to hit up before leaving!
4	It is a older hotel so you don't think of going there for the buffet right of the bat.  We somehow ended up here and the buffet was pretty good.  Not the largest selection but of what they offered everything was good quality (that's what really matters).  I was pleasantly surprised.  Would definitely go back.
5	By far, my favorite buffet in Las Vegas.  I really like the Bellagio one, but honestly, I like the fact that Cravings really caters to Asians.  My first course is always jook porridge with LOTS OF KIMCHI!  They have a variety, but not such an expansive variety.  Hands down, Bellagio has a better dessert selection, but after a whole plate of shrimp, jook, there is no space for dessert anywaz.  They also make a lot of food in front of you like crepes, paninis, and other foods.Whenever I go to Vegas, I must go to CRAVINGS.......Me LIKEEE!
4	Great buffet for the price and value.  Unlimited mimosas for Sat. and Sun brunch.  8 am - 3 pm.  Good selection of food.  The desserts were alright.  I liked the prime rib, eggs benedict, mashed potatoes.
3	Either this place totally deviated since the last time I dined there or my palette matured greatly.  Anyway, the lack of a long line typical of Sunday  mornings should have been a major red flag.  We had a time constraint so we waited 15 minutes and settled for brunch here at the price of $24.95.  I'm not sure about the other buffets, but you could also get free mimosas with your brunch here.  There was a lot of selection with a variety of Chinese, sushi, breakfast, salad, dessert, gelato, and meats.  I avoid all sushi for the most part at buffets, and for good reason, too; my friend decided to try a couple of pieces found the rice to be stale with meager portions of fish.  Most of the food was mediocre, but the oatmeal was good.  I was also surprised with the har gow and how it tasted like something I could get from Rowland Heights.  I was excited about the gelato case but in the middle of my chocolate gelato, I found a chunk of ice, aka the deal breaker.I must say that the lady who served our table was very courteous and attentive.  One of the best ones I've ever had at a buffet.  She kicks this review up a star.
4	Came here when I was in Vegas last year because it was, like Stack, in the lobby of my hotel. We decided to do the breakfast buffet because I wanted to do Vegas up right and go to a buffet and I can sometimes be a picky breakfast eater.The service was appalling. That sounds redundant, it being a buffet and all, but our waitress NEVER came to refill anything. It took forever to get our drinks in the first place. She was horrible. I had to steal a drink from another table.But the buffet itself blew my mindhole. So many choices. So many delicious things. We were full for the rest of the day after gorging ourselves at this place. Maybe there are better buffets, but this one was the most convenient for us. Not bad prices either, considering the quality of the food and how much of it you can get. Crazy selection. I would go again.
5	I came back here again a couple weekends again, and once again it did not disappoint. Only problem was it was 35 bucks for dinner since it was their "holiday menu". Aside the price, the food was amazing. I think its one of the first Vegas buffets I've been to where they actually served steak. Of course I had to enjoy the sushi, crab legs, etc. etc. and the gelato ice cream. Service for drinks and removing plates was pretty good too. I guess I can say its my favorite buffet now.
5	I gotta say this is probably the best buffet on the strip.  The food taste just like buffet food but at least it tastes fresh.  They are a little bit more expensive than the cheaper buffets but worth the price.  They have a food section from almost every part of the world.  I will definitely come back for more!
2	Completely mediocre food and surly service...this just isn't how I remembered a buffet in Las Vegas.  None of the food was great, but there was a lot of it.  The seafood was obviously frozen; I had to rip the crab legs apart with a fork and knife because there the cracker thing would only bend the shell, it was so saturated with water.  The bacon was undercooked and greasy, the sushi tasteless, the prime rib overdone, etc.  There was nothing there I would eat again.  I was really unimpressed, and my two dining companions were also less than thrilled.  It was 75 bucks for the three of us, and it wasn't worth it.
4	I liked it coz whenever I played poker I used to get the comp. But unfortunately they don't have it anymore.
5	Oh my God! I think I have found my new favorite buffet in Las Vegas. Move aside Spice Market (PH/Aladdin) and Bellagio Buffet (the two other top buffets on the Las Vegas strip IMO)....Cravings is where it's at. Very short or even no line (didn't really matter for us either way because we had line passes as guests of the hotel) that immediately puts Cravings a step ahead of Spice Market and Bellagio Buffet where the line waits would easily be 30-60 minutes.   Pricing for dinner was under $30 which I think puts it right on par with Spice Market and cheaper than Bellagio.  Food quality and variety. I think Cravings actually had way more variety than any other buffet I've seen. Gyros, Wonton noodle soup, salads, soups, ice cream...whoops I mean GELATO!!!, desserts, pasta, pizza, and of course prime rib and all you can eat Alaskan king crab legs. Now how's the quality...okay I'm going to put the quality of their food somewhere between Bellagio and Spice Market Buffet. Which for the same price as Spice Market is a damn good deal.  Service also was excellent, even considering our party of eight. Atmosphere, ambience and cleanliness also felt right on par with Bellagio. I'll admit Spice Market feels a bit dingy, but Cravings had a nice atmosphere to it.  Anyway with all said above. Cravings is now my #1 buffet in Las Vegas. Good price, no line, excellent variety and quality of food, good service, and nice atmosphere. I mean what else could you ask for. ~G
4	went for brunch on saturday morning. the place looks cool, it's clean and well-decorated. good service, never in need of a mimosa refill, she was right on top of it.the crab and shrimp were rockin, the prime rib excellent, the gyro delicious, omelette lovely, good lox, really good pizza for a buffet....and lots and lots more food that i couldn't possibly try all of. sushi not so good, some at the table weren't thrilled with the mexican selections... but i don't think i've ever seen a good taco bar at a vegas buffet, nor had good sushi, so it's to be expected methinks.all in all, all good. maybe not as good as the rio buffet.
2	I came here for convenience, not wanting to dine outside of our hotel after just getting in that night,  but save yourself the money, go elsewhere.The Asian foods section is insulting. Whatever they call sushi sushi is NOT edible. It looks disgusting and made me want to gag.The dessert section is also bad, nothing to choose from and I have a big sweet tooth!It gets two stars because I found two decent things to eat, the ossobuco in the Italian section and the Prime Rib. They were actually pretty good, tasty, and tender, but overall everything else is pretty bad...I'm sorry to say this buffet has gone downhill a lot! If you want to spent this kind of money ($25/person) try Le Village Buffet inside the Paris, or for a little more ($38) head to the Wynn buffet. Happy buffeting!
3	Dinnertime:  This place has a vast quantity of foods ( asian, latin, italian, american) BUT quantity doesn't make up for quality.  I felt the best they had to offer when we went for the Sunday night dinner was the Lamb Osso Buco,  and flank steak (ONLY if medium, otherwise it'd be too dry).  The other things were a little... off.The Lamb osso Buco was soft enough that it would just fall off the bone, and it had a good flavor to it- not really gamey.  This went along well with the sauteed buttered wild mushrooms in the italian section of the buffet.The Flank steak goes well with the port demi (which is alongside the porkloin wrapped in bacon, which didn't taste all that great...)  There was also the Ceviche, which was waaaayy too sour, and not enough spice.  The Cioppino was really salty and super mini-shrimped.  They also had dim sum (which was bland) and sushi (which had meat which didn't look so tasty so I didn't try it).  I don't remember much of the other things because they didn't taste good.Hands down the best thing from this buffet was the dessert!  Their mini pecan pies and mini lemon meringue were really good.  If after you eat the entrees you feel a little sick, eat the lemon meringue as the tart flavor might help with the nauseating feeling coming from your stomach..  The puddings were scary:  The chocolate one was actually GRAINY!!  And the Pistachio one tasted interesting....
5	This is not gourmet food, this is the Mirage Buffet and it's about stuffing your face in the shortest amount of time and being able to make it back to your room in time for a nap before you collapse.I came very hungry and came out very happy.
3	came here for my first buffet in vegas.  it was mediocre, not much selection as many stations were empty.  ie: the latin food only consisted of guacamole and salsa.  the prime rib there was pretty good though.  but all in all, not much selection.
3	This is a fairly good buffet.  We stopped by hear because we heard they had king crab. They do not.  What they have is snow crab with a king crab label on it.  Trust me, I'm Alaskan.Other than that, service was fine. The food was good, but not phenomenal.  Everything was brightly lit and looked clean.  I would definitly come here again, but now will not have my heart lit up looking forward to those yummy king crab legs. Also, we had an issue with our wheelchair for one of the parental units.  The hotel staff were very helpful and retrieved an ice pack for the injury in record time.
4	I really liked this buffet. Almost everything I tried, I liked. There was a lot of flavor and a variety of foods from different places available. Dessert choices were pretty good too. I even took a few cookies back to my room to eat the next day. I'd come back.
2	i came here 3-4 years ago and remember enjoying it. however this time around it wasnt nearly as great. we came in for brunch and with 12 people gratuity was included for a total of ~  $28 per person. the majority of my meal consisted of breakfast choices....waffles, sausage(rubber?), eggs, hashbrowns...the highlight for mee was the fresh pineapples, grapefuit, &the prime rib...the prime rib + horseradish was the only thing that made me feel like i got my moneys worth. it was really tasty considering that the carved meats usually arent that appealing to me at buffets. the chinese section, seafood, churro, ESPECIALLY dessert was all very mehhhh...soo not worth wasting my hunger. cravings....psh i never have nor will i ever crave you!
2	My typical experiences at a buffet. 1. I get my moneys worth no matter what the price is, I repeat, no matter what the price is. 2. I eat to the point of almost puking. 3. Not 28 bucks w/ gratuity. What on Earth went wrong at Cravings?! Please consider renaming to Loss of Appetite. Nothing I repeat, nothing looked tempting enough to reach my plate. I ate a couple slices of prime rib, guacamole and chips, some steak, fruits, done. Everything else tasted old.The gf went irate because I was not eating. Am I sick?
4	Its a decent buffet another 3.5stars. Not my preference because of the selections they carry. The food here is good if you like seafood but i'm not a fan of  crab and such so its a huge waste of money for me to come here. Its a standard international style buffet with italian, asian, american etc food. This is only buffet I know that has a gyro and paninis made to order. They also have gelato. My favorite thing to eat were the caramel pecan tarts. I wouldn't come back on my own for 25 bucks. I missed 1/2 of the buffet because i'm such a plain eater. I only like fried stuff and comfort food like mashed potatoes, corn , fried chicken and the like. What I did have tasted pretty good so I left feeling satisfied and thats what counts.
3	First night and we need to get some good dinner. Chaste and clean but not really spotless, It would be a four star but I reserve that for other International buffets like one I had in SoCA, forgotten. I think this ones @ Mirage Hotel and Casino. Its like $25 per head, I usually go to just the Asian/ American food but if I was to choose, I wouldnt come here. Buffet is good once in a while but i like doing ala cartes better. A narrower choice of food menu satisfies me more at the end of the meal. This place is not for me that night. I was tired-- i couldve settled for a subway and go to bed or start the chillaxing. I eat only to the point im full and not to the point of almost puking just to get your money's worth. My sis loves food and oh how she loves buffet. I guess she splurged with all those desserts. If she has a yelp account this would surely get high stars for her.
3	my friends and i seem to hit up this buffet everytime we're in vegas. definitely a decent buffet with loads to choose from. they have a lot of seafood...shrimp cocktail and crab legs are definitely a staple. they even have gelato!
2	First buffet, first night. We were hungry and the place was on the empty side. Decent lay out with food all on the perimeter and cafeteria style tables and chairs in the center.Everything was okay until the end when the staff started watching us like hawks because we wanted to take out 2 bananas and 1 orange.  We're on vacation and we need to be regular. It wasn't like we were going to bag all the shrimp and a stack of prime ribs.Dessert: I love that chocolate mousse. Just pile on the cream too. What? You'll walk it off in vegas. AVOID that peach soup. Do a bit of the sugar free desserts or you'll get diarrhea. Seafood: Pretty good but don't find those crab legs sprawled out like that appetizing. And why does the sushi guy bring out ONE sushi at a time. Don't they have that rice cranking machine like at Bellagio? I didn't partake in any sushi b/c it looked suspiciously old and rotting sitting there for who knows how long. Despite my criticism, I had some good food and the coffee was darn good.
5	Still going strong.  Stopped in here last Sunday for lunch/brunch.  Selection is still good, quality still there and the place is still clean.  For $22.95 it's a deal with all you can drink champagne or mimosas.  I still straight for the crab legs and shrimps and pass up all that carb noise that fills you up quick.Enjoy
4	To rate a buffet, you must compare to other buffets. My rating for this buffet is a 4 out of 5. I went for lunch 2 days in a row. That way you can eat as late as 3 and still pay for the lunch selections, but still be full for supper. Lunch was $16 per person. The selections they have are excellent. I ate a variety of pastas, salads, pitas, seafood and desert. *Pasta selections (both days) 5 Stars*Pitas with hummus and Baba ghanoush. The pitas were soft and fresh, the spreads tasted homemade and were excellent. 5 Stars* Shrimp wrap. Fresh soft wrap. 5 stars*Edamame . Cold, but still tasted fresh. 3 stars*Cornish hen. 4 stars*Potato wedges. Crisp outside, soft warm inside. 4 stars*Jumbo shrimp. I swear i ate about 80 of these. 5 stars*Crab legs. 3 stars...i've had better*Greek salad. This was the star breaker for me. Greek salad is my favorite thing to eat. Cravings greek salad was really lacking in all areas. 2.5 stars. I dropped a star because of this.*Dessert. I don't remember the names of the desserts but they were amazing. There was also a really large selection of desserts which were all inviting.I will definitely come back to cravings!
2	This used to be my favorite buffet in Vegas many years ago, so I decided to give it a try this past Sunday, and I was very disappointed! Following are the reasons why: 1. $30 per person for brunch?!(Easter Weekend) 2. Our hostess was arguing loudly with the front personnel all the way to our table, over the head phone. 3. Although there were many stations(Carvings, Noodle, Raw Bar, Salad, Omelet Bar, Latin, Pasta, Dessert etc.) but nothing looked appetizing, some items even looked like they were defrosted from pre-made frozen packages. 4. Low Quality Foods: The Crab legs were still frozen, the hand rolls weren't made to order, and looked stale. I had them made a crepe for me, and it was the worst soggy, oily, oddly shaped crepe I've ever had! The wonton noodle soup was very bland, and the wonton was way over cooked with unknown filling. They've donuts and muffins at their dessert bar....am I at Home Town Buffet? why would anyone want to spent this much money for donuts & muffins?? The only pleasant experience I had was our waitress, who was friendly and attentive, and the prime rib was tasty. Other than that, Cravings really need to step up in order for people wanting to crave it!!
4	I love it here.. Their food is awesome.. and they have many selections.. They have several soups too.. and you know I love my soups!Their plates are nice and big.. interesting too.. They make it seem like a huge buffet.. but it's set up where different themes are sectioned off.. the spaces between each section is rather large.. very spacey..But it's ok.. it's like getting a workout while eating at the same time..Their desserts were good.. I love coming to this buffet..
1	So disappointed.  I've had much better in Reno.  The prime rib was tough, the seafood was nothing special  and the desserts were horrible.  Save your money and go to the Buffet at the Bellagio or the Wynn.  Or just walk a few steps and head over to Carnegie Deli.  Don't waste your calories here.
3	I've only been here for lunch because it costs less.I've been here twice and stuck with the Asian section-I loved the Miso soup, Pepper Beef and rice. And the little pork buns were cool.  Both of my experiences here were pretty good-I prefer to sit at the bar.  However, I was very disappointed with the prime rib the first time I went-thick, flavorless, and too red.  I hate wasting food, but I had to pass that one off to trash.  I've had a couple of desserts there and they were good, so I could care less if they're "sugar free."  Not my all-time favorite (that would be The Forest at Harrah's Lake Tahoe), but good enough for me to return.
4	My favorite buffet in Las Vegas...I've had several and still like this one the best.
1	I have to say eating here was a horrible experience.. 6 of us went and 4 got really sick, not good odds especially cause we all were eating different things. At first we were so excited, literally every kind of food represented and it all looked great.. as we were eating tho our excitement dwindled, the food tasted similar to a college cafeteria. If i had to go again i would stick to the salad bar which looked great actually, then again so did everything else. I have eaten at several buffets in Vegas that were exceptional.. don't miss those great ones by choosing cravings at the Mirage.
4	The buffet was great! I didn't really have to wait to get in for long and I think it was all you can eat for $11-$12. They had a great selection of different cuisines! I can't believe I only found out about this place the day I was leaving, otherwise I would've came back! The service was great, staff were definitely attentive and helpful.
1	Our friend convinced us to check out Cravings buffet before the Love show and boy were we sorely wrong about this place. We came at 5pm and the food selection was temperature cold and we are not talking about the raw bar but the cooked heated food sections.  The only thing at the raw bar are crab legs.The prime rib was not flavorful---lacked a distinct beef taste even with the Au Jus--remember to include the au jus...you'll need it since it is soooo dry and bland. The roast turkey was also bland and uneventful...thankfully they have turkey gravy a few feet away. The Chinese and Japanese sections were terrible....the singapore rice noodles were overly seasoned with soy sauce which destroyed the curry flavor. the fried rice and steamed rice were colder than ice cream. the fried rice was overly seasoned with soy sauce.  the roast pork and duck were lifeless and bland...i've had better in Hong Kong....so don't expect much in this section.the italian and latin foods were also bland, salty and cold. TIP: if you want hot food, eat whatever you pick right then and there since by the time you get to your table, the food will be cooooooooooooold. the only lifesaver was the service from our waiter...he was great and made the experience better....the food is TERRRRRRRRRIBLE --- COLD, BLAND, SALTY and VARIETY CHALLENGED....SAVE your $ and avoid even the early bird special and go to the Wynn.
4	They got crepes!!!! That's why I came. Big selection of food from Italian, to Japanese, Mexican and a few others. All very good.  I couldn't wait to hit the dessert section but once I got there I was disappointed :( They only had peach crepes but the guy suggested I get a plain one and then go add my own strawberries and whip cream from the ice cream section. I did but it was not the same. BOOO!!!! Price $18.50. Very nice and clean place. Service was ok.
4	Food: 3 - 3.5 starsPrice: 4.5 starsAmbiance: 1.5 starWe came here for brunch. At $18.50 (w/o alcohol), this felt like a bargain. A few days in Las Vegas and I think $20 for brunch is a steal. Phew~ I gotta get out of here fast.Well, this buffet actually was a pretty good deal, even though the quality of food varied widely.The crab legs and shrimps at the raw bar were fresh and tasty. In fact, this is mostly what my husband ate. Go for the seafood and get your money's worth. :)The sushi looked terrible, so I didn't bother grabbing any. The rice looked mushed up, dry, and stale. Gross.Hot seafood section was alright. I had a bite of the halibut, which was ok. A bit overcooked but not too bad. The omelet station was fun. You pick your ingredients, and a friendly cook will prepare it before your eyes. The breakfast section is blah. Pancakes and french toasts were tasteless. The salad bar was also fun. You pick whatever you want and they mix them up for you.They also offered 2 kinds of meats (ham and prime rib) at the carving station. I believe there were also the Chinese section where they had below average dim sum and Latin section to which I didn't pay much attention.The highlight of my meal was the crepe. The peach crepe was heavenly. I would go back just for the crepe. So soft, creamy, sweet but not overly sweet. mmmmmmmmmmmm ~~~~~~~I am not a doughnut fan, but i was very impressed by it. It tasted very light and fresh, nothing like a gas station doughnut. I am pleased with the brunch. If you want to drink, you pay 5 or 6 dollars more for unlimited champagne or bloody mary.
3	Brunch for $18.50. The food, especially is Crab Leg and Shrimp, will worth the price. The salad bar is awesome thought I haven't try. Just go to the RAW BAR and have the crab and shrimp!!
3	It was okay and not too bad. I have to say I do enjoy the Rio's Carnival buffet instead. Our server was not too helpful. The desserts were pretty decent since there was the gelato area.
4	I love Vegas buffets.  I think usually there isn't a huge difference between most of the main ones (Wynn, Bellagio, etc..).But i thought Cravings, at the Mirage was a pretty good deal.  It was about $20 for brunch and there were bottomless mimosas or bloody marys.The things I remember eating were french toast, hashbrowns, prime rib, ham, shrimp cocktail, crab legs, wonton noodles, potstickers, fruit, gelato, mango pudding, cake, and some other desserts.  They had mango pudding!!! I was so excited about that... usually don't see mango pudding at places other than chinese places.  And this wasn't the mango pudding that was like gelatin at chiense places, but it was actually pudding, soft and creamy mango pudding!! So good. I think i got my money's worth, i was pretty satisfied.  I also got a huge chocolate chip cookie on my way out to eat while i was gambling.The biggest disappointment though, was the sushi.  There was barely any fish in the rolls, and thats all they had - rolls.
4	I had my first champagne brunch here and I loved it!!! Even though it was an international brunch type thing, I think the asian section was the best. I felt bad for having a salad at a buffet, but I don't regret it. Their salad was so fresh, you choose all your ingredients, I had to have it. The dessert selection was kind of a bummer, but the ice cream was good. This, for me, was way, way better than the Rio Carnival "World" buffet.
3	I ate here with my 3 friends. We put down an insane amount of crab legs, corn muffins, prime rib, sushi, chinese food, pizza, carrot cake and ice cream.Immediately afterward, we all went to the bathroom next to the buffet, took a seat in 4 adjacent stalls, and we all had massive Mirage Buffet babies together while making fart noises with our arms. The food was fine. No great shakes, standard buffet fare, followed by the standard buffet run to drop a major deuce.
2	It was disgusting.  I would never come here again.
4	The first thing that struck me about this buffet was that the place was cavernous..I mean Costco warehouse like.  The place is huge, and the individual stations wrap around the seating area.  I didn't know where to start first, so I retreated to my comfort zone - DESSERT STATION!!!  They have a nice arrangement of desserts.  The standouts for me were the flourless chocolate cake, fruit tart and the various gelatos.  Heaven.  The chocolate cake is so dense and sweet, I swear you will form a cavity after eating one.  Fruit tart had a lovely flaky crust and was filled with very fresh fruits.  So after packing five pounds to my fat ass, I proceeded to the other stations.  Prime rib was good (Hey Miss meatcarver lady - don't be so chintzy with the pieces please).  Sushi station was disappointing; everything looked dry.  Seaweed salad was delicious; that alone kept me coming back to the sushi station.  Crab legs and shrimp looked very fresh, however they are served out of a cubby hole carved in the wall..that was kinda weird.  Lots of various stations - cuban, mexican, vietnamese.  Lots of variety..better than most of the buffets I've been to.
3	once in a while, i would come to Mirage's cravings. Though it may not be the BEST buffet like the wynn or bellagio, or even the rio, Cravings is pretty darn good for the price you pay. There's a reason why Cravings is much cheaper than the buffets at the wynn or bellagio. They dont have King crab legs, the have snow crabs and dungeness crab. They dont  have rack of lambs. They do have prime ribs. And they have other varieties - not great...but it's alright. Their dessert buffet, however, is a disappointment. there's nothing that i want to really eat. THe best thing about their dessert is their gelato ice cream section. Cravings is nothing like the big buffets, but it is way better than other buffets such as monte carlo, circus, flamingo, etc. In my book of vegas buffet.. I'd say Mirage's buffet is the mid-class buffet. Cravings is a good choice if u dont want to spend the extra 20 on a higher class buffet.. or dont feel like eating too much at the same time dont want to pay the same amount of price at a dine-in restaurant.
5	I have been to many buffets at the Las Vegas hotels and I have to say that the one at Mirage is amongst the best for value and array of food. We went here for a champagne brunch and they had everything I could imagine. Shrimp cocktail, crablegs, mongolian bbq. Prime rib you name it. All the food was good and I had to be carted out of that place in a wheelbarrow. But yeah 35 for all the food with all you can drink champagne? For sure the best one I have been to in vegas and I cant wait to go back.
3	If you're looking for a good buffet to take kids or teens to, go here.  If it's just you and a significant other, go somewhere nicer.  The food was good - we went on Sunday at 3pm and they were still serving brunch so there were a lot of pancake and egg dishes out which isn't really my thing.The Chinese food was delicious, not a huge selection, but crazy good.Awesome green salads - they make them the way they're made at Pluto's in California.  You choose the ingredients, they toss it.  Excellent.And crab legs and shrimp cocktail - cold and fresh, all you can eat?  Well that was worth the price alone.It's a buffet but a server brings your drinks. Awesome, easy free parking behind the Mirage - just take the side street by Treasure Island, drive back to the Mirage, park and walk in.  Once in the Mirage, go through the atrium / jungle area and follow the signs to the buffet.
4	Agree with Jeremy A. - this place has great value. Heck, I was happy thinking of the buffet this way:"Whoa, $25 is a great deal for all you can eat shrimp cocktail!"(And if you just do that, they will probably lose money on you!)Random thoughts.- The sushi is pretty lame. It clearly comes out of a machine, gross. The temaki is OK but like all temaki it is 99% rice and 1% fish.- Delicious prime rib. It is arguably better than the stuff at the Bellagio, which I found to be dry and flavorless. They also have actual (non-creamy) horseradish, which I appreciate deeply.- GREAT gelato - but the guy was giving everyone the evil eye, I don't know why. I won't hold it against the place.- And of course, great shrimp cocktail / raw bar :)I'd love to come back here next time I'm in Vegas.
5	Good Price, Food Good,Good Services.. What else would a person want???Oh wait we are talking about humans People that complain, about the smallest things."went and stood in line,waited 2 minutes I give this plcae a 1 star" Grow up people you cant always get it your way. The best thing about this place is they are always on the ball with the food. Little hint if you can get there a few minutes before the price change you can have your meal for a cheaper price!!!!
4	I enjoyed this place. It's $5 cheaper than the Bellagio lunch buffet, and it was comparable in taste. Honestly, I don't know why everyone pees all over themselves when talking about the Bellagio buffet. If you don't consider the champagne included with brunch, it's not that fabulous.I ate too much food, I don't remember everything that I ate. The sushi wasn't inviting (but sushi at a Las Vegas buffet is usually something to be avoided anyway). The prime rib was tasty (and also the first thing I went for). The most notable thing though, was the vanilla gelato. I nearly died at first bite. They must have put a gallon of egg yolks in it, because it was DELICIOUS. I have never had vanilla gelato quite like that, and I will likely never have it anywhere else. I would seriously pay the $16 or so just to have unlimited vanilla gelato. I am quite sad I didn't know the gelato was there to begin with, otherwise I would have just eaten that for all of lunch.
4	This was the only buffett that I hit up while in vegas.. bummer I know.. haha and both times I wasnt in tip top shape to eat. The first time I was hung over and I could only eat one plate and the 2nd time I was too tired and wasnt in the mood to drink my unlimited champagne or bloody marys.. SO UPSETTING i know.. i really let myself down this trip haha. It was priced perfectly and they had a huge selection of food. Hell they even had pho up in this spot. Their sushi sucked.. but their deserts and salads were awesome. I really recommend going here.. its a good place to check out if your on a budget and want some good food. I was on a budget due to all the freakin money i lost hahaha.
3	More like 3.5 stars.  The price for dinner was $35 which was pricey for two.  The LV tour book said that it was $18 for dinner but I guess b/c it was a Sat. the price was higher.  The husband and I tried to be strategic about what we ate - going more towards the veggies and meat and trying to avoid the carbs.  It doesn't help when the first thing in the buffet line is the pizza.  They do offer shrimp cocktails and king crab legs which are split into two for easier eating.  Unfortunately, I couldn't enjoy the king crab legs.  My lips had an itching sensation after eating them.  The sushi, not memorable at all.  The prime rib and turkey were alright.What I did like was the gelato they offered, fresh fruit, and the wall of baked goods.  I wish that my stomach could hold more b/c after the fruit and gelato, I was done.  Service was very attentive in refilling our drinks and taking away our used plates.
4	All you can eat crab legs and shrimp....Do I need to say more?This place has a variety of dishes. Great good for a good price...Delicious deserts. I went during brunch...so I got a taste of lunch and breakfast...so If you want more of a dinner..come here after three....This place isnt the best like bellagio or Rio...but its pretty darn close..
3	My friend was visiting in town a few months ago and we decided to go over to Cravings to get some buffet action going on.  I remember the food being alright, if meh, at times.  I DO remember this, it was a bit pricey and they have gelato, and it's not too bad.  They also have AMAZING macaroons!  I ate 4 or 5 of them, and even snuck a couple out with me in my purse.  I had to, they were the best macaroons I've ever had, and I don't really like coconut.  Yeah, I'll eat a macaroon once in a blue moon, but it has to look good, and these, just looked like they'd be good (kind of like a Madeline), I'm soooo glad I went and tried one.  I'll admit I spent most of my enjoyment in the dessert section of the buffet.  I had cakes, and macaroons and gelato....I remember feeling a bit ill afterwards, like I'd need a long trip to the bathroom, (but that didn't hit me right away), or that I was instantly 8 1/2 months pregnant.....instead, we drove home (luckily not far at all) and my friend was sending me text messages from the bathroom telling me how awesome Cravings treated her....and left her in an awkward sometimes painful experience on the loo.  All in all, it's not the worst, and not the best, yet I've still not been able to find the "best" one yet.  Still looking.
2	Really would like it if they had not cold crabs legs but nice hot juicy crab legs., would have like a much more of a difference in the type of food they had. something much special then the regular buffet for the price. should be more for the price
5	Freaking great!I was in Vegas over the weekend for a good friend's bachelorette party and after a long and incredibly fun night at XS Lounge at Encore we went to Champagne brunch at Cravings at noon on Saturday.  It was amazing!Our party of 13 was able to make prior reservations, all pay separately by credit card, and all got to pick and choose whatever we wanted to eat from it's vast selection.From a continental breakfast, to seafood ceviche, to pho (yes, pho!), to italian, to mexican, etc... there was something for everyone, and with a group of 13, it's everything you could have hoped for.  Not a single person was disappointed in their meal and all for $30 including gratuity and tax.I will definitely be back.
5	I completely agree with Grace L. because I was with her.  Haha, she beat me to it!  Anyway, I got the champagne brunch at noon on Saturday and got my big sis the regular brunch... ($5 difference or so)  Total was around $50.  This was the nicest buffet I have been to, in my professional (haha) opinion.  I was pretty much expecting waffles and eggs, but lo and behold: sushi, kimchee, chinese, dim sum, pho & wonton soup/noodle station, seafood, salad bar, mexican, italian, desserts galore, a gelato STATION...I filled up on shrimp cocktail, daikon salad, sushi, dim sum, freshly prepared pho, fruit, more fruit, and hazelnut gelato.  I want to pout because I can't come back whenever I want...only the next time I want to brave Vegas again.  Thank you Grace for finding this buffet!!
5	We loved this buffet! Loved the arrangement of food by ethnicity. Italian over there, Chinese, over here, etc. Great sweet n sour chicken, hand rolls, split crab legs, shrimp cocktail, pizza, mexican bar, amazing plantains, great dessert bar, complete with gelato station and to-die-for macaroons. Great food, and so many choices. Sushi was ok, but thats how it is in every other buffet, except Todai... Omg. Thats a whole seperate review.. Lol.
4	THE +'s: they do international and they do it smart. not two or three dishes from fifty different countries but a mash up of cultural flavors. there's wonton noodle soup, kimchee (kimchee!!), fancy japanese hand rolls, the regular crab and shrimp cocktail standby, and The Best Prime Rib Ever. plus! a gelato counter and omg that is a great salad bar. great attentive staff. love that modern contempo decor.THE -'s: at the end of the day, it still has tinges of buffet food flavors (stuff sitting under heaters too long).SUM: look man. they got FISH TANKS mounted on their seafood station. they have KIMCHEE. not the crappy kind of kimchee but the good kind. most asian buffets can't even get the kimchee right. oh yieah, again, The Best Prime Rib Ever. all this for the excellent price of about $25 per sunday brunch. this place is now my bestest favoritist vegas buffet.
5	This is one of my favorite buffets in Vegas and I can say it satisfied my hunger cravings!!!! FOOD PORN, FOODgasm, and FOOD coma all in one! haha..where else can you get that kind of treatment?! What a way to grab people's attention, by displaying several tv screens showing yummy concoctions of FOOOOD from succulent desserts to an array of dishes for meat and seafood lovers...all in slo-mo at the entrance while you wait (hopefully patiently) in line to get in. What a major tease I tell ya, but it's worth it!!! The lineup of food was immense and catered to all my friends who had different tastes in food..from the health nuts to the mad, carnivore meat and potatoes kind. haha. We all were in complete awe of every station.To my amazment, they had all my favs in one setting: seaweed salad, crab legs, ceviche, sushi, hand rolls, good quality kimchee, dim sum, pho, and all the fresh fruit and gelato you want! Mmmm....me want more! LOL! I'm getting excited just typing all this. =p..at the end of our meals with happy bellies, we wobbled out looking forward to reuniting once again in the near future.
2	We went to Mirage's buffet for dinner last night. It was very disappointing compared to Bellagio we went the night before.  They had a poor variety of foods.  The  broth of the Asian wonton noodle soups was so plain and tasteless. No sashimi, only some sushi rolls.  Dessert selection was so poor.  Fruits were all diced up in small pieces. The price was $24.95 + tax= $26.95.  Will not come back.
4	PERFECT!! Thanks to the expert research and planning of Grace L., this was the one stop of our entire Bachelorette weekend that everyone agreed was bomb. Although we stopped in for the brunch buffet, the entire place was loaded with pretty much everything you would expect for a dinner buffet - all for ~$20!! (More for bottomless mimosas or bloody marys). Even better, although there are tons of ridiculously good foods for you to load up on (ex. king crab, shrimp cocktails, prime rib), they still have noodle soup, congee, fruit and tea, my standard and required hangover foods. Also, a very nicely stocked section of your standard breakfast items (I saw Jennifer S. wandering around on the first round with an empty plate filled only with bacon!!) Niiiice!If you are planning a Vegas trip for a big group of people I would strongly advise that you stop by here for brunch. Happy campers = separate checks + unlimited variety. Priceless!!
3	First off this place will cost you around 27 after tax for dinner time and the wait time isn't too bad. The price is decent considering sushi buffets back home were around that price after tip. I heard the price varies alot depending on the time and day.I was told by everyone that this buffet was pretty good but honestly I was kinda disappointed. I honestly expected Vegas food to be top notch, like looking at the food makes me want to drool. You get a variety of food from diff cultures. I would say the spotlight to this place would be the prime rib and the seafood. They have some nice wonton soup but stay away from the chicken noodle. Desserts looked very bland. The gelato ice cream is pretty delicious looking too, they have someone serving it to you. I'd stay away from the sushi.I didn't really eat that much because I was anticipating barfing later that night but overall I felt this place was just okay... It's good for the price, I guess for the quality I was expecting, I'd need to pay more money.
5	I can't find anything wrong with the place.  I good selection of food and desserts.  I ate for free with a credit from the hotel from a summer special offered at the website.  Even it it wasn't free, the price made the meal worth it, seeings as the food is better and more affordable then other buffets.
5	Great selection and variety of food. Great gelato selection.
4	So we were hungry and we were looking for a legit buffet so we decided to check this place out. When we went it was not crowned at all. There was no line to pay so we headed straight up to the registered and payed the entrance fee. We were seated by a nice lady and we started to grub. I think it was crab legs night so that's what we all went for first. We all grabbed a plate load of crab legs with butter and munched on those for a good while. They had other stuff like some sushi stuff that i ate, but it was all about the crab legs. For dessert that had a little gelato bar so i got some of each flavor. They had the little dessert treats that were so-so...so i didn't really eat any of those. Overall the service was good. Whenever i left an empty plate on the table, it was picked up by the time i got back with a new plate. I ordered an ice tea and i can say it was never empty. Also it was very clean and it was a good experience.
4	My wife and I went to Cravings while in town for our anniversary. We showed up around 4:30, and were charged the lower "early bird" rate. There was plenty to choose from. The star of the show was the Prime Rib.  The prime rib was very tender and moist, as was the carved roast turkey.  I had to grab seconds on the prime rib.  Decent ribs, bbq chicken, sushi.  I skipped the pizza. You can get pizza anywhere right? I ended up eating three plates, and managing to find a little room for dessert.
4	Buffets don't usually do it for me.  I like variety but I feel pressure to eat my money's worth, even if it's not that much money.  I am not always in the mood for the pricier stuff, much to my mother's dismay.  I'll skip the crab legs in favor of something that doesn't require me to crack shells with my hand, for example.  Also, I usually expect the food to be mediocre.  I was pleasantly surprised at Cravings.  There was a lot of variety and it was stuff I'd actually eat.  I did have some crab legs because they were already cut in half so i didn't have to work to eat my food.  I also ate prime rib to make my mommy proud.  Everything I ate was pretty good to very tasty and everyone who served us was great.Full disclosure: We ate here twice.  I'll try some other buffets next time.
4	To review Las Vegas buffets I've broken it down into 4 sections.Appetizers:Nice selection.  Cravings claim to fame is their new sections of global cuisine.  You can have some nice appetizers to entrees from each section. Salads:Very nice salad section.  They will make custom salads to your order.Main Entree:They have many worldly selections representing from China, Mexico, Japan, Italy and more..   Some are better than others but the variety is good and quality is above average. Desserts:Since Cravings breaks everything out into their own sections, they have a decent dessert section as well.  Most are mass manufactured goods and some are custom, like the gelato.I was torn to give them 3.5 or 4 stars, but decided to round it off to 4 stars since they deserve something better than a 3.  So if you have any "Cravings" for worldly cuisine, this is a good place to go.Decor: 4 Stars (its been refreshed since the original opening)Service: 3 Stars (decent staff)Atmosphere: 3 Stars (its okay)Food Quality: 4 Stars (good quality)Quantity of Food: 5 Stars (its all you can eat)Price: 4 Stars (almost worth the high price)For a Grand Total of 4 Stars.
4	If you want crab legs and shrimp and you do not want to shell out $40+ of your had earned cash then this place will satisfy you. I would say 3.75 stars. The quality is between excellent and above average. The service is pretty good. The food selection is not bad. They have the typical fare of different themed foods such as Italian, Mexican,  Chinese, American and Japanese. Like I said, the shrimp and crab legs is a must have. I had Osso Bucco her once and it was delicious. The dessert is not that great but the gelatto was very good.  Now I am craving crab legs...see what you did!!!
2	To be honest, I was only impressed by the prime rib.  But a man cannot live on prime rib alone.  Everything else was just meh.  As usual, they have various types of food but there really wasn't that much of a selection at each station.  Price was a couple bucks more than the TI buffet next door which I felt was way better.  Ambiance wise, it felt more like a cafeteria than other buffets I have been to.  The sodas were way watered down too.  I won't be back.
5	Buffets don't have to be good at everything. Just a few killer items will do.They have 2 items that make this a must try:prime rib- So tender, juicy and flavorful, it will have you going back again and again. By far the best prime rib I have ever had. spicy cioppino- Smooth, red broth with a cajun kick!.It is loaded with crablegs, fish, shrimp and clams.They have a couple small saltwater tanks in the restaurant. The fish and the setups are beautiful but I really hope they move those angels and triggers to a larger tank soon.
4	Cravings is a very good buffet with well- tended food stations, heated plates and a broad selection of tasty, high quality food. The decor is a little odd- the dessert area looks like an automat- but not off- putting. The price is very reasonable for what you get. Highly recommended.
2	Don't put this buffet on your stop next time you're in Vegas.   Cafeteria like atmosphere with bland, boring food to match.  Chewy Prime Rib and the Crab Legs were way too fishy tasting and dry.   The only bright spot were the baked good and desert station.   Also, this place looked VERY DIRTY.     Steer clear of this one.   Visit the Buffet at the Wynn or the buffet at the Paris (Le Village Buffet).
2	First time eating at this buffet. I've tried others in Vegas like the Las Vegas Hilton, Le Village Buffet at Paris and I must say I was disappointed. I found that the buffet had ALOT of options, I found myself with 6+ things on my plate per trip but the taste was bland. Nothing stuck out or made me get seconds. Even the Gelato was weak. I was definitely disappointed, huge! Especially for the price.  You're better off hitting a nicer buffet for a few dollars extra like Paris' buffet or getting a nice dinner at Mirage's Deli.
5	One of my favorite buffets in Vegas. I come here everytime. There is huge selection of dishes, and service is EXCELLENT here. I would recommend coming here if you want to enjoy a Vegas buffet. This buffet lives up to its name- it'll satisfy ALL your CRAVINGS =)Personal favorites:Shrimp cocktails (no shells!)Crab legsStrawberry waffles (during breakfast buffet)
3	The bf and I came back to this buffet during a recent Vegas trip because he was in love with the prime rib and I was in love with this mocha mousse.To our disappointment, the buffet did not live up to our memories of it. Especially since we began our night with the SNOOTIEST front desk cashier. So snooty that I actually looked at her name tag, so beware of SHIRLEY!Anyway - on to the food: the salmon skin rolls were not very fresh. The prime rib was not as tender(but still relatively good). And my beloved mocha mousse was nowhere to be found (the desserts that were there didn't actually make up for it).The rest of the displayed dishes were either uninteresting or average. The best thing I remember having here was the Italian Meatball Soup which was excellent. And our waiter was also very good.Out of the 6 buffets I've been to on the strip I would rate Cravings as #3 MAYBE #4. Behind The Wynn & Rio and possibly tied with the MGM(only had the lunch buffet so tough to compare)
1	Complete let down. We visited right after it reopened a few years back and it was really good and high quality. Now, not so much. Nothing stood out, the Prime Rib was tough and had no flavor, the mashed potatoes were over worked and gummy. I have had better sushi from the grocery store. I choose not to even try the dessert. Only saving grace was it was a free meal, but i would have rather paid for a meal elsewhere.
4	Upon our arrival to the Mirage, we were all hungry so we went to Cravings. There were lots of choices and I'd have to say everything was cooked quite well. It wasn't expensive as I believe it was $16ish a person. I especially enjoyed the won ton noodle soup and a few of their other offerings which I cannot remember anymore. I ate a lot of food that weekend, so most of it is a blur.Dessert, I enjoyed the bread pudding. It was yummm.This place is very spacious compared to the other buffets out there, definitely worth a try!
2	I want my $15 bucks back for actually cooked food that's fresh. This was a struggle even though I would have ate anything that someone put in front of my face.....this was pushing it for me, but I didn't have to go far from my room, so that's why I tried it out.....maybe next time I'll venture out to another section for a much better buffet that deserves my hard earned $$$$
3	A good middle-tier Vegas buffet.  The buffets on the Strip cost anywhere from $10-$38 throughout the day.  My family came for weekend brunch which runs from 8 am - 3 pm and is a decent deal at $19 for a wide variety of breakfast and lunchtime fare.  I loved that the space was super-clean and the service was friendly.  We were comfortable dining there for 2 hours.  Hey, gotta get our money's worth!  Of the stuff I tried, the better items were the prime rib, shrimp cocktail, wonton noodles and the CHOCOLATE GELATO.  The stuff I'd skip would be the crab legs (over-cooked), sushi (mostly rice and it's dry), dim sum (average) and the wonton dumplings (taste like they were frozen).
5	At Cravings, they have a variety of food from  different kinds of seafood to Italian to a variety of meats and a whole Asian section (including won ton soup, sushi and Pho) and indeed this place was satisfying my cravings!  The Crab Legs were so addicting! I first had a whole plate and then went for seconds. The shrimp was good because it was already peeled and ready-to-eat. The Prime Rib was MELT IN YOUR MOUTH GOODNESS! :) The Seafood Cioppino was done right but may be a little spicy for some people. But I thought it was alright! For dessert, try the NY Cheesecake with Dark Chocolate Shavins (they have a bunch of in dividual cheesecakes). It was so good! Also the hand-scooped ice cream (try the Hazelnut!) was so delicious. They have a  time that they have for Crepes and once it closes, it closes.Service we got here was great and I don't think no one else could have done a greater job like our waiter Alberto did! Changed plates, gave us drinks when we wanted a refill. Awesome job.
4	the price ($13.95) for breakfast is reasonable i usually pay that for an omelet when i'm on the strip. there was a pretty decent selection and i went there around 8:30 am so there wasn't many people. i would definitely go back for breakfast however for dinner i'd go to wynn or bellagio for sure!
4	notes: 1 visit, breakfast/lunchoverall: Excellent high-end buffet, but the dessert section needs a little work.highlights: - Dip the foccacia pizza in some chimichurri sauce, and it's the best pizza you'll have ever had.- Prime rib is excellent- I hate crab legs in general, but everyone else says they were great here, really fresh.- Cookies!  You must try their cookies.  I got so lucky and grabbed some white chocolate macadamia cookies when they were still warm.  Crispy on the sides and chewy and mouth-wateringly good.  I mean, I was stuffed beyond belief, but I couldn't stop eating it!- If you get in during breakfast time, do try the Portuguese sausage.  It's the only breakfast food really worth it.Avoid:- Gelato bar looks good, but the texture was more like the soft serve at Dairy Queen. (which I HATE) So disappointed.- Shrimp pad thai was served ice cold.  So gross.
4	variety of foods i had 3 plates and 1 pho noodle...prime rib were delish very moist and well seasoned, Pho was perfect same taste what i m used to in noVA, their selections are big, not a fan of italian fish cakes but their catfish is flaky good! latin fajitas dish was alright only had small portion of every dish...wish they have more sushi to choose but otherwise well worth it for lunch. I didn't try queen crabs which was a bomber since i was full. This place is also good choice for hangover too :) I did gained 5lb after i left this place
4	Had Sunday brunch there and thought it was very good.  Great Asian section with even dim sum ( love those dumplings).  The peeled shrimp were large and the coctail sauce was spicy good. Carving stations had good variety and deserts were eye and palate pleasing.  Compleatly missed the gelato hiding at the end of the desert section.
5	When it comes to food I give this buffet a 4 star.They have a wide variety of food, the crab (unlike these other yelp reviews) was delicious not frozen normal hahahah.The food was all high quality, good prime rib, everything was good, maybe great.NOW! the reason they gave me a 5 star, cause it was my b-day and the staff (yes buffet staff) and the people inside in the buffet all were singing happy B-day hahahahaha.How many buffets do you really get that warm, cozy b-day feeling? Here at Cravings.
2	At Cravings, it was all about the quantity and not the quality. There were many different choices, from Italian to Mexican to Japanese to Chinese.  Some were edible and some were not. The only thing I really liked was the grilled asparagus. The dessert bar was a disaster which reminded me of a slightly better version of the Hometown Buffet. One would expect a better buffet at the Mirage. What the hell happened? The price is reasonable though at about $20.  If you are just going to 1 buffet, this should not be the one.
5	So my wife and I and our two friends went to Cravings (the Mirage Buffet) for lunch during the week.  It was $18 and well worth it.  It was surprisingly quiet.  The floor plan of the buffet is great, because the line goes around the eating area and with different stations in different places.  The stations were carving: prime rib and turkey, rotisserie: chicken and potatoes, Latin: ceviche, quesidillas, enchiladas, rice, beans, BBQ: wich I didn't even get to, Sushi, salads, desserts, and a sorbet bar.  But the topper was the all you can eat shrimp and crab legs, we were so surprised and excited.The variety was appreciated, after going to the Bellagio and seeing many of the same dish styles.  I dunno what the dinner was like, but the lunch menu was exactly what we needed after a night of drinking and a hungry stomach.  We can't wait to return to this buffet!!
5	I love this place. For a little over $20 on the weekends, you get access to a more food than is imaginable and unlimited champagne and bloody marys. Heaven. They have everything you could ever want to eat on your break from the blackjack table: sushi, crab legs, eggs, bacon, oysters, shrimp, omelets, chicken, steak, chinese food, and more....I could go on forever!And, they're very generous about the all-you-can drink specials, which is good because I'm about as good at gambling as I am at dieting, and when I go to Vegas, I'm apt to lose a few $$$. But the food makes up for it all.
5	While this buffet isn't the cheap Buffets Vegas was once known for the food here can only be described as amazing. Forget about the spit guard buffets at other places this buffet is top notch all the way. For starters the salad station has a person there that makes your salad to order. No more people picking at everything. Also this Buffet is huge. I mean wall to wall stations with everything for Italian food to sushi. The food is similar to what you would get in a nicer sit down restaurant also. The Desserts are just as enjoyable with things such as cookies and Gelato. Also this place gets crowded during peak times so I don't recommend coming here during peak times as you will have to wait.  So far still my favorite Buffet in Vegas.
3	Decent selection, though nothing too special.  The desserts were excellent, but their "latin" food selection was pathetic.  Service was good, the place was pretty clean, but my husband got food poisoning and threw up at 1 am after having our late lunch at Cravings.I know he won't want to go back again, but it's still a 3 star in my book.
2	$26.75 will get you :Refrigerator flavored bread and butterStale chips and runny old salsaBrown over cooked meat (or is it?)Sushi (wait, what is that again? Rice and cucumbers, oh yeah, sushi)Shrimp cocktail from costcoFrozen Crab legsBurnt potato wedgesA sign that says bread pudding, but I wouldn't dare try it to find out if the sign were true. A reminder of why I haven't done a buffet in 20 years and why I will never again. Blech. Nice server though.
3	I want to give this five stars but I can't. We stepped into this place at 3pm on a Monday, so that may have something to do with the quality of the food. Regardless, if you're supplying Vegas tourists with a buffet, it should always be good, no matter what the time. Honestly, I only went here because we were already at the Mirage and I wanted a salad bar salad. I was NOT dissapointed with the salad bar, but I was with the fact that some lady tosses it together for you. She put a paltry amount of lettuce in the bowl but topped it with waaaay too many toppings and too much dressing. I had to ask her to add more lettuce. Good thing I did because even with the extra lettuce there was still too much everything else. Sheesh. The eggplant parmesan and the pesto pasta were surprisingly good. As good as I have made at home. The cab legs were scary and gross. I put it on my mans plate when he wasn't looking. The rest of the buffet left something to be desired. Too bad. For nearly $40 for the both of us I was hoping for more. Would I eat here again? Maybe, but I'd only go around the busy times to guarantee a fresher selection of food. And except for the gelato, the desserts did suck. But they have a nice antipasta bar.
3	We opted to go to this buffet based on the bang for your buck. It was a very dull environment, no one seemed to really be enjoying themselves at the tables around us. Though as far as the food is concerned, the prime rib was pretty good. We ordered a lobster (in addition to the meal) which was a nice touch but not the best I've ever had. There were stations including Italian food, Meat carving (Turkey, Prime Rib and Pork Loin), Mexican (my boyfriend highly suggests the fried plantains with chimichurri sauce), Southern Cooking (with pretty good ribs), a seafood section with shrimp and crab legs, a disappointing sushi section and an Americanized Chinese section, a cold cut, bread roll and cheese section and lastly a dessert section. Alcoholic drinks are not complimentary (some buffets do have wine and beer inluded).... My opinion is that when you go to a buffet you pay for a variety of mediocre food.. so it's quantity and variety over quality.Personally, I think in the future I'd rather save my money to go to a restaurant and have one meal of higher quality.
5	Ate here several times during my visit to Vegas this past December. Cravings has a huge selection of good food and we never had to wait for a table.
5	I love this Buffet!  Its one of my favorite in Vegas.  The wait is never excruciatingly long like ahem RIO. The buffet is spread out nicely and categorizing different genres- which most buffets in Vegas will do such as Asian, Mexican, Italian, Japanese, etc. It has everything that I want.  I've had the mimosa brunch with my girls and on a holiday weekend it runs 30 something which is typical. Lots of seafood with the crab legs dipped in butter, shrimp cocktail, and the sushi.  The sushi is okay but they have soy wrapping so that's neat. I LOVE that they have PHO here!  They have someone behind the counter where you can order that from.  They have dim sum too. I love the omelette station because of the many toppings you can put in it. The salad section and sandwich section is great too because you can order it and they will prepare it for you. The desert is somewhat slim and I settle for the gelato- which they had more cakes and what not. You will love this place!
3	My cousin took m here for brunch. It was "ok". I've never been a buffet in Vegas... not since I was 10 years old. It's crazy how expensive buffets in Vegas can be. I guess different place have different prices - Craving was only $15 for the brunch. Since they stop serving breakfast at 11AM go there a quarter till because by 11AM they whip out the lunch special. I think they have different pricing for lunch... not too sure though.The lay out of the place was cumbersome. Although they have good intensions I think the location of each section of the food made it difficult to grab the food. The service was ok. Nothing to spectacular. They just refilled our drinks and took our dirty plates away.
2	After reading some reviews my fiance and I decided to try it out. We paid the dinner price and was disappointed. :( Where's the crab?! All the food was mediocre and I would rather eat somewhere else. I wouldn't come back here again..
3	I am a fan of Cravings.  I have been there several times before and have enjoyed my experience.  With that being said, I gave it 3 stars based on my most recent visit (2/20/10).  I don't know if it was because the last couple of times I went there I was starving or if the food really was good, but compared to my previous visits this time was a bummer.The buffet is set up with several different stations resembling regions in cuisines.  There's Italian, Rotisserie, Carving, Chinese, Fishmonger (fish), Japanese, soups, salads, sandwich, and desserts.  The Rotisserie, Carving, Chinese, and Japanese are usually good.  This trip I had Carving, Fish, Chinese and Japanese.  At the Carving station I had Prime Rib w/ Au Jus sauce, mashed potatoes, and herb-roasted potatoes.  At the Fish station I tried the grilled cod.  At the Chinese I tried their various forms of shu mai (w/ shrimp and pork), fried rice, chow mein, and sweet & sour pork.  And at the Japanese station I tried their sushi.  There were some high points and some low points...+ = prime rib was rare and juicy (the way I like it), the shu mai (especially the shrimp) was excellent, the sweet & sour pork was tender with just the right kick of sweet and sour, the deep fried salmon hand roll was a surprise because of the crunchiness of the deep fried salmon, DESSERT STATION!- = the fried rice was overcooked, it was hard and bland, the sushi station was kind of patheticBottom Line = Like I said before, I am a fan and will most definitely try this buffet again, however, this most recent trip was not as memorable.  I think the best part of the meal/buffet was the dessert station.  I loved that they serve gelato ice cream.  Very creamy and tasty.  They also had this simple chocolate mousse between pastry layers that was also delish.
4	I like this place.I went here for dinner with my gf the night we arrived in vegas for valentine's day weekend, and I was very pleased at the selection of stuff they had to offer.  Though I didn't think much of the 10 dollar lobster/steak deal, I did find the gelato option and the "chef prepared" salad that they had to offer.  I also liked that the buffet appeared to offer a ton of selections, for the first thirty minutes I didn't even notice that the buffet circled around the eating area.I left this place very full and very pleased.  I should mention that I haven't eaten at many buffets in vegas--but between the ones I've gone to, this place beats mgm grand's hands down.
3	I LOVE buffets, not because I eat a lot, but because I'm indecisive. I like to try a little bit of everything, and Vegas is definitely Shangri-La when it comes to buffets.Having been here before on previous stays, I decided to try out lunch this time around, but I was less than impressed. Highlights: shrimp cocktail, stir fry items, noodles & hot food, cold saladsLowlights: Dessert selection - no ice cream of any kind, lame! All they had were funky looking pastry type items. Also, snow crab tasted weird...For $20, I can't really complain given all the options, but I think there are better quality buffets around. The breakfast buffet here was definitely better, so I'd probably stick with that next time.
2	Seriously, this was a shock!  We came here for breakfast before hitting the pool one morning.  We got our hung over asses up and headed down to prepare for another day of booze, fun and sun.What was the deal with breakfast!?!?  I mean really, that was the worst breakfast buffet I think I ever had.Scrambled eggs were from the carton. I hate eggs from the carton, you can always tell those eggs apart from the rest.Had some rubber bacon, it was horrible as well....Um....Potatoes!!  Had some of those!! Equally as horrible, just a little bit harder that I'm used to....Ok....A lotta bit harder than i'm used to.What the hell did I consume for breakfast??? Ice cold milk.  It was AWESOME!! Tasted fresh, and Cold, and GOOD!!  Im not kidding you I probably had 5 or 6 glasses.   But i'm sorry, for 20 sumpin bucks.....I could've bought enough milk for a month at the store.At a buffet (in my opinion) everyone should find SOMETHING they like to eat.  And I gotta be honest and say, I was super disappointed with this place.  La Quinta and Motel 6 have a better continental breakfast.I was seriously bummed. We wont be back to cravings.
4	I'm not a big fan of buffets because I feel like I never get my money's worth. I don't eat a lot in one sitting, but I eat very often. Despite this (and a fierce hangover), I still managed to drag my butt out of bed to have brunch with my friends and I hella do not regret it. Brunch with unlimited bloody marys? HOLLER!Brunch where there's an older Asian lady who can be my momma making pho and wonton noodle soup? HOLLER!Although I did not eat $23.95 worth of food, it was a great experience. Reminiscing with friends about the details from the night before was priceless. HOLLER!
4	Highlights:- Reasonably priced- Prime Rib- Crab legs- Shrimp cocktailLowlights:- Limited variety of dessert
2	I've had way better buffets in Vegas, and this was definitely not one I'd go back to. Let's start with the positives: the buffet was clean, circling around the tables in the eating area, and separated into a large variety of different cuisines. The prime rib and pastas were mediocre, and the gelato was yummy. That was about as far as the positives went. The bread (or is it?) was hard and crumbled into flakes when I took a bite. The sushi (or their attempt at one) was hard, so it was futile to even use a fork to pick it up. Our server was inattentive and seemed annoyed when we had to ask for drink refills. Now I know the lines outside better buffets are there for a reason; there was no line at Cravings and the tables were mostly empty on the Friday evening we went.
1	Just ate at this place and found insects in our food. The GM barely cared and told us it's not a big deal, it's just a bug. Do your self a favor and don't eat here.
3	Went for Champagne Brunch with a 2-4-1 coupon, they charge extra if you want the Champagne, that sucks. With the coupon great deal, would be mad if I had paid full price.Selection is great, the taste not so much, I think its not good enough for The Mirage, it def. has gone downhill... put some effort you guys!!!A solid "OK"
4	This place came recommended by many as the buffet with the best value food-cost wise. 25 bucks for dinner on the weekday. For my first round, I got the beef roast from the carving station, shrimps, crab legs, fish (cod and bass), sweet potato fries, and a salmon skin roll. The beef was delicious but a bit over processed or too tenderized. And you can't really choose how much it's cooked. They just slice you off a piece. And I love sweet potato fried but these were just ok. The crab was too salty for me. Next I got a bowl of pho and wonton noodle soup from the noodles station as well as some porridge/congee from the Asian station. Yeah I know I'm very Asian. They were piping hot and so tasty. The bowls are weird though so you can't put too much in there without it spilling. I couldn't eat too much after that so I went to the desserts, getting some fruit and gelato. I love that they have their own display case of gelato - about 8 different flavors worth. There's so many other stations too - pizza/Italian, Mexican, seafood, Asian, carving, salad, cold foods, noodle, and desserts. Something for everyone. I also came here for champagne brunch a couple years ago and it was amazing. We stayed for hours, enjoying the food and out mimosas. Also a good price for good food.
3	I came here for breakfast and it was not bad.  The omlette station was good and they had a good assortment of baked goods to hot food ratio.As there is so much food at buffets I'm just going to say if the food tastes like its suppose to meaning ham tastes like ham and not like chicken, then its probably on the right trackDecor:4Food:3Service:3Would I go back? Although I'm not huge on buffets, Sure.
5	If I could choose one buffet to gorge and die in, it would be this one.Worth every penny. Next time I'm in Vegas.. I'm commin' here first.
4	After a rigorous (not really...) cost/value comparison across different Vegas buffets, we decided to come to Cravings.  Mimosa brunch was calling!Word of Warning: It is tempting to heap your plate full of food, but keep in mind (I made this mistake) food gets COLD on your plate and stays HOT in the serving area!  I piled my plate up with too much food my first time around, and it cooled off as I was making my way through it.   So disappointing.The food itself was pretty good, I sampled a bit of everything and nothing was bad.  I kept going back to the congee though, it was just so damn comforting.  I also may or may not have had an entire plate of bacon.  It's just how I roll...Service was fine, our waitress kept my mimosa glass full so I can't complain!  (They walk around with bottles of champagne alongside water pitchers and top you off...so after a little bit you it's just champagne with very little OJ).  Unlimited bloody marys is another option (same price as mimosas).
3	I went here a couple days ago as a place to eat after a whole night of drinking and wooziness.  Only 18 dollars for brunch without drinks.  22 with unlimited alcohol--cheaper than bellagio without unlimited alcohol!  Yay.I took off two stars because I felt that they tried hard in some areas and just didn't think about the others.  The Asian noodle spot was pretty awesome.  They had Vietnamese beef pho they made right in front of you and it wasn't bad (I'm viet and had my share of good/bad pho).  It made me feel all warm and fuzzy.  They also made wonton soup!  At the same spot, they had different kinds of dimsum.  Shrimp balls (awesome) and shumai (not so awesome).  Next to the noodle bar was chicken congee (asian rice soup).  I thought they executed the Asian food quite well!  On to the other areas.  The seafood spot was okay.  The crab legs were extremely salty for some reason :(   so I didn't eat many of them.  The dessert spot was WEAK.  There wasn't much compared to the Bellagio buffet which has a bajillion pastries.  It was like I was staring at a meager dessert spread at a chinese buffet.  The italian spot only had pizza and the sushi area was okay.  I believe the key to having a good buffet is people standing there making delicious foods as you walk by like a sushi guru handing you a freshly made spicy tuny roll or a baker stuffing cannolis.  The Mirage buffet lacked such presence (minus the noodle bar).  But hey!  For the price, the noodle bar, and other various selections, I think it was worth it but I will probably try a different buffet when I'm in Vegas again~~
5	Cravings champagne brunch at the Mirage is definitely one of the best Vegas buffets for quality and value.  Lots of selection and the bottomless champagne make it a great way to spend a Saturday or Sunday morning.  They open at 8 AM and it's a good idea to get there as early as you can.  Great sushi, custom salads, Asian food, ham, omelette's, etc.  There will be something for everyone here and for $26.95 (includes champagne), it's hard to beat the value in Vegas.  Without the champagne, the buffet is $6 cheaper.  This is not the best brunch in town (Bally's Sterling brunch $85 per person), but it's top notch and deserves the 5 stars I'm giving it.
4	Took the family out for some pre-Mother's day celebration. Everyone wanted to try a new place for brunch so Cravings here we come. I like the food. My favorite was the dimsum, grilled fish, and omellete station. I had shrimp cocktail and snow crab legs (which was already cut in half for easy access to the crab meat). They did have a lot of dishes to choose from and I was glad we came here. The desserts awesome. Tried the peach crepe and loved the gelatos.
4	This buffet is delicious. The food is very fresh the times I've been. The sushi lacks, but I think all buffet sushi lacks, so I won't hold this against them. I also like that kids 4 and under eat free.
3	Cravings Buffet at the Mirage! We got in at 2:30, just in time to grab the last of the Brunch food and then stay until 3pm to get the dinner menu, and all for the brunch price! YAY! The presentation at this place is pretty cool. They have fish tanks with fishes swimming around over the raw fish section. LOTS of carving stations and make your own stuff. There is an entire selection just for salad where they will make you any salad you want! There is, of course, all the sections one would expect from a buffet: Chinese, Sushi, Fish, Italian, Mongolian, Rotisserie, Mexican... The most interesting thing about this place: the variety of foods. Normally when one sees an Italian section, what does one expect? Pizza, lasagna, generic pasta, right? Well, at Cravings, you get one or two generic buffet items, but then you get two or three very unique items that I have never seen at a buffet before. the Italian section had rack of lamb and garlic parmesan chicken. The Mexican section had fajitas, posole, and even some weird looking sauce / soup thing that I had never heard of before. The Chinese section did not have gross Panda Express food, it had szechuan beef, shrimp fried rice, egg rolls, and a chicken dish authentic to China. How cool is that? The dessert selection is enormous and they have two entire shelves of sugar free items for diabetics. Thumbs up! Now I can stuff my face with food and control my blood sugar with sugar free dessert. They also had fruit, mini chocolate and banana cream pies, fresh chocolate chip cookies, and slices of every kind of pie and cake you can imagine. I knock off two stars for a couple of reasons. One, it is pricey ($18.95 plus tax for brunch) and two, the unique food selections force you to be adventurous. Sometimes trying new foods is not a good experience. There were a few items on my plate that did not taste good at all, and that sucks when you go to a premium buffet like this one.
4	I know reviewing a buffet is like reviewing fast food, but honestly, I was pretty impressed with this one. Food as good if not better in some areas as the Belaggio buffet and better than the MGM which I had eaten twice that week.Selection is a bit smaller than both of the afore mentioned, but things like a kick ass Prime Rib and awesome BBQ bar made up for it. The sushi was so-so (again, it's a buffet) and the veggies were REALLY good. You wanna spend $25 and get a really good all you can eat prime rib? There you go.In a world where everyone has shitty soft-serve ice cream for desert, Cravings has fucking *gellato*. Honestly, right there, you guys win.
4	Well in the land of Buffet's this isn't the very best or the cheapest but they are in the top with me.  They get a lot of points with because they serve Pho (ok its not the best but it has fresh broth and noodles) and the overall quality of the food is very good plus the shear variety pleases me to no end :)PositivesThe kitchens of each of the food types are open to view.Decor is lovely, modern and has a variety of decorations.Tons of variety: Sandwich bar, Asian Noodle & Dim Sum, Japanese, Italian, Chinese, American, Mexican, BBQ, desert, Omelet Station, peel and eat shrimp, and so on.NegativesIts a buffet - as much as I love them they can be very impersonal.I have been here a couple times and I do enjoy it but like any Buffet they do have some inconsistencies with food quality - some items amazing and some, well, sucky.  They are a safe bet though and I will go again!
4	I would have to say the food here was pretty good and the selection was more than worth the money.  They have fresh omelletes made there, and breakfast pizzas, tons of meat, sausages, bacon, fruit, yogurt, bagels, cheese, etc.  The only thing that stopped me from giving it was 5 star was the staff.  We went there on a Monday morning.  Our first server forgot the milk that my wife ordered and I had to hunt her down after seeing here walk pass us a few times without the milk in sight.  Then after half an hour, another server took over and I finished my first glass of orange juice so I asked him for another glass.  He went into the kitchen for about 5 minutes and then came out a bunch of juice containers and walked off into the other side of the restaurant.  I gave up on the OJ and we left.  Also another thing was the women at the cheese/deli meat station.  The salmon plate was almost finished so an older European gentlemen politely asked her to change it saying " the salmon looks sad, can you change it please?" and she walked away to another side that I was close to and while she was unpacking a new salmon plate, I could hear her mumble, "the only thing sad here is you".  I would expect better service at such a nice hotel but obviously they've gotta better train their buffet staff.  I would come back for the hotel (our 3 night stay in our room was fantastic), and I would eat the food, but I don't think I'd come back if I saw the same servers and kitchen staff working there.
4	Buffet 1   Janet  NilI will win the next one I swear!!!! When I walked into Cravings I thought I was hungry. I thought I would eat a lot. But I ended up eating only one plate!!!  At $28, I can tell you it was not worth it for me.  But overall, there were A LOT of choices at this buffet.  If I had an appetite I would have gone for more.  The food was sectioned off by region (Italian, Asian, American, etc) which was helpful.Service was good. Our drinks were always refilled and our plates were quickly taken away.  My only complaint about this buffet is the dessert selection. THEY SUCK!!!!!!!! There was no chocolate cake,  no apple pie and no soft serve ice cream!!!! Although they had gelato, its not the same as soft serve!
3	3  stars Been to several of the buffets on the vegas strip over the years, got to say the way to get a 5 stars is in my book has to be with the easy items, if you visit any of the buffets here in vegas here is a quick tip for the breakfast or lunch buffets if they can't make scrabbled eggs or mashed potatoes right everything else is going to be less then stellar.just a tip I picked up from others who frequent the buffets in vegas, for early dinners or late lunches you look for prime rib, if it is dry with no taste your probably at one of the buffets that just throws everything out there with no real prephere at cravings they did pretty good with there eggs and there mashed potatoes their prime rib was lacking but they made up for it with the choice of shu mai, fresh made not sticky, still dripping due to the steam they got alot of choices Italian, Chinese, American, Fishmonger (haha), sushi, several other choices, they also got a bar on this line of options, alcohol you have to pay extra for but im sure you all know that.there breakfast choices: eggs benedict decent, bacon standard, links standard looked dried up, waffles were perfect crisp outer shell soft chewy inside, french toast not so great, eggs better the most other buffetsfor this buffet spot I would go back for brunch price is decent for brunch!food *** ribs no happy! Eggs, fried rice, shu mai, waffles are crisp outside soft insideprice $$ it is about $28 per person folksambiance **** clean, easy to manuver through sectionsservice ***** very helpful staff
3	Cravings is the third buffet in Vegas I've tried this year and it's right there in the middle. It's better than the MGM Grand Buffet, but not as nice as Aria's Buffet. The variety of choices is huge (they have Italian, Japanese, Chinese, Mexican, and American), but they only have about 4-5 items of each food ethnicity. The shrimp cocktails and king crab legs are of decent size and taste fresh. The prime rib is a notch better than your average buffet. The dessert section is limited, but the taste quality is high. I suggest saving room for the gelato ice cream and many of the pastries. Service was good. However, with many other Las Vegas buffets still left to try, I would only eat here again with free dining credit.
2	The only reason we chose to eat here was because my parents and I stayed at the Mirage and this is the closest buffet.... but there's almost no reason for me to come back =(- mediocre decor and hype- stained containers and cutlery- ridiculously salty crab legs- poor selection of dessert that didn't look good to me, if u are a  dessert person, go elsewhere!!- food from different parts of the world were served in different sessions, but they were very spread out, and it almost took me a minute to walk from the Italian session to the Japanese session! + the only plus was that their prime rib was actually pretty good.I didn't expect a lot, but for $25.95, I guess I expected it to be okay. Still, I was disappointed. We went to Paris for their lunch buffet the day after, and I felt way happier and more satisfied for just $17.99!!
1	The wife and I consider ourselves to be pretty experienced buffet goers. We were with friends who can't stand buffet's and we had to really sell them on the idea, especially at $25. We were all staying at The Mirage and have never tried their buffet, so in we went. The wife and I were excited when we saw the variety from a distance, but when we got closer, were really surprised at how little food there was. On top of that, the food was terrible! I almost broke my tooth on the stale pot stickers. The prime rib was cold and flavorless. The guy who makes your salad reminded us a lot of 'The Soup Nazi' from Seinfeld. It literally took our server 15 minutes to get a diet Roy Rogers (Diet Coke with Grenadine). I am a HUGE dessert fan and this place really was a joke. They must be spending our $25 on the dolphin exhibit, cause it isn't being spent on good food. They should fire their food prep people and get a new decorator. The booth seat I was in felt like I was leaning against a wall. We came in around 4 pm, which is between lunch and dinner, but they had just started their dinner service so shouldn't the food have been fresh and hot?
4	I have been to many Vegas buffets over the years, and I think this is my favorite! There was a lot of variety, and almost everything I tried was yummy and good quality. I was bummed to miss the bottomless champagne option, but glasses of wine were only $5-$7, which is super cheap by Vegas standards. I wasn't expecting much as the only reason we ended up here was because we were seeing Love later that night, but I was very pleasantly surprised!
5	My favorite buffet in Vegas!  My family likes breakfast foods and I don't, so we got here at 10:45 to get the best of both worlds (for $15).  This buffet has a huge selection and soft ambiance.  Here's what I loved about this place:1.  Great service- servers picked up plates and refilled drinks ASAP2.  Pita bread with baba ghanoush3.  Sweet potato and corn salad4.  Hand cut prime rib5. Coffee gelato6.  Made to order noodle soup7.  Chicken tacos with all the fixings + tortilla chips8.  Kung pao beefFYI:  My server told us that you can add a whole lobster with your meal for an additional $10.
5	Best Buffet in Vegas. Done Deal.
4	What a great buffet! I had breakfast here and anything and everything I wanted or could even think I might want for breakfast was available. The drinks are included in the price which makes this place an incredible value for breakfast! The service was good, the hot food was hot, the cold food was cold, nothing looked old or had been sitting too long, the fruit was fresh and the assortment of everything was awesome!
3	Now the only reason my bf and I made it a point to eat here during one of our visits was because Cravings was voted one of the best buffets in LV!  My experience here was not what I expected.  After being a loyal customer at the Buffet @ Bellagio, I expected greatness after being named one of the top buffets on the strip.  What I CAN say about this place is that they have the best asian food I've tasted from international buffets such as cravings.  They had wonton soup, a beef noodle soup, and spring rolls!  I've never seen these options on a strip buffet so I was impressed.  The quality was good tho not as good as authentic asian food of course.  But their asian options by far exceeded other buffets of its kind.  The dessert selection was great.  Loved the gelato and the macaroons!!  I couldn't stop myself from getting seconds and thirds.  The prime rib was inconsistent.  Some slices were good and others were dry and unappetizing.  I think that the food here is solid and gives you a diversity of dishes that you don't find at other buffets on the strip.  I will applaud them for attempting to satisfy any "cravings" you may have be it pizza or sashimi. This place is decently priced for lunch and so if you are in the area and are starving this would be a viable option for you and your group.
1	Here during the 4th of July weekend-- get this! I walked out! Staff was not surprised and said they were having some problems that morning. I was given a free refund and a pass to any MGM Mirage Buffet.  Well, I tried it again on the sixth, same problem... Cold food, broken saucing on the eggs benedict, waffles and pancakes that looked and tasted like cardboard. Slow service, and I ordered tea, when coffee was brought I reminded my server I ordered tea, he came back two minutes later with another cup of coffee.  I'd say I've had decent food here over my past few visits, but I think they deserve the yelp one star! The food was gross looking at almost every station! The consensus from people I spoke to about Cravings was you don't Crave breakfast here, but might tolerate lunch and dinner. I don't Crave you anymore Cravings! :(No.
1	Gross gross gross says it all
4	Absolutely good bang for the bucks! This buffet is located in the center of Vegas but only charges about $20 for a hearty lunch! They have a vast selection of food and beverage, nothing really fancy or terrific but it's decent enough, and you can eat till your stomach explodes if you want to. Asian food was better than average when I was there. Calming decor is an additional plus. Try it at least once!
4	Came here on a Sunday for the champagne brunch. It was about $28 which is a lot cheaper than the nicer Vegas buffets. And you don't have to wait in a super long 1-hour line which is a plus!I was actually pleasantly surprised by this buffet! I really didn't expect much because it's in the Mirage hotel and I'd never really heard of it but they actually have a huge variety. Quality isn't all there for some of the food items, but there is a HUGE variety of eclectic food. And I love how every section is neatly labeled (ex. "chinese", "sushi", "mexican", "desserts", "salad", etc) so you can go for exactly what you want. Some food highlights:1. The prime rib was surprisingly really good! Red, soft, and juicy. My friend asked if they had cranberry sauce, and they went to the back and brought a huge bowl out for us. So nice of them!2. They have fried plantains!! Yessss!3. Crab legs were cracked open in half already like at Bellagio buffet so it's easier to eat but I didn't like the way they tasted. It was pretty much frozen cold and was too salty/fishy for my taste. 4. The eggs benedict looks really nice, but it was a little too bland in my opinion. 5. They have sriracha sauce if you need that with your chinese food like I do!6. They have a gelato bar hidden in the corner next to the desserts! Note: it's NOT self serve. So don't try to go back there by yourself and scoop your own.  Just wait patiently and someone will come to help you. ;)
4	I was at an all weekend seminar in the Mirage and asked friends who had come with me to vegas to meet me there so I could have lunch with them (on a sunday).I was disappointed that the price is the same with or without champagne (at Bellagio, it's a few dollars less if you're not drinking, which I wasn't since I was in a class...)But there was NO LINE!!!! I though the selection wasn't AS huge as Bellagio but the food was all good! And it's very spacious and not crowded. I would recommend skipping on the sushi rolls.  The salad bar looked amazing and I wish I'd discovered just how amazing it looked before I was already stuffed. The crepe station was fantastic with plain or peach crepes and plenty of sauces for them. Prime rib was excellent. Belgian waffles with maple butter and whipped cream were simple but oh so tasty. Loved the chilaquiles and chimichurri sauce, the croissant bread pudding was wonderful, the poached apples were delicious.. oh my, I'm getting hungry :)I had to get back to my class, but my friends told me that they sat there for 3+hours drinking champagne and received excellent service. Definitely would visit again!
1	This place is awful... Let me reiterate... AWFUL. So maybe I got spoiled by going to the buffet at the Wynn, but really I don't know why anyone would want to eat here.  The food is completely bland and the service is HORRIBLE.  The server took 20 minutes before she even came over to say hello and ask us for our drinks.  There was no plate pick up throughout the WHOLE meal and the food was bland bland bland! Icky.
5	review is for sunday brunch only WOW! the sunday brunch @ cravings inside the mirage was great. i'm not a buffet person (i usually go once if i'm in vegas..or sometimes not at all. i enjoy going to restaurants instead of buffets, but when my friends want to go i'll join) and it was sunday brunch. i was tired (only slept for 4 hours since friday) hung over and not in the mood, but it was our last meal so i just sucked it up and went...i'm so glad i did. it's approx $26 for the buffet and champagne. when i went in i got the congee (rice porridge) and it helped me feel better instantly. i also went to the dim sum section and got some dim sum and a bowl of won ton noodle soup (which also helped my hangover). after feeling better i enjoyed all the sections around the buffet: asian, seafood, mexican, italian, etc. i would recommend this buffet for breakfast/brunch and i would definitely come back.
4	Oh I really enjoy this buffet....In the past I never really enjoyed the buffet at Mirage, but ever since Cravings buffet was established I've became a fan of this place...The decor is sophisticated at it's best.. all the nice LCD TVs along the entry way showing a slow motion of an egg being dropped into a pile of flour.... awesome way to start a buffet!  (lots of other food related video clips for your enjoyment!)Here are the typical review section for a buffet...Pizza:  Pretty good.. probably about as on par as CPKs... so pizza lovers will enjoy.Carving station:  Prime Rib and Ham.... decent prime rib as it was more red than how I've liked it, but the server was nice enough to carve the other side for me and was very attentive!  Definitely a plus!Mexican food section:  Had some breakfast burrito but didn't taste that great.. pretty dry in preparation so decided to past on this section for the rest of the time there.Cold seafood:  Had snow crab legs and shrimp cocktail for brunch!  Cool!  I didn't really eat too much of this because it seemed too early for me for crab legs but others were diggin this!Hot seafood:  Had some paella, pesto cream mussels, and some salmon... they were all fair tasting.Special metal room for fresh Chinese noodles!  This was my favorite!  A chef is inside this steel room cooking fresh noodles with the options of wonton soup or beef stew soup.... had some gyoza and also few dim sum servings (little shrimp wrapped in rice paper), all very tasty!  The best part was hot roast duck and BBQ pork to go along with the noodle soup!  YUM!!!  Definitely my favorite!Chinese food section:  Not a big fan... bored of all the orange chicken that everyone is serving and beef with broccoli, I think I will past for sure..... (But the egg drop duck soup was very delicious!  Not salty yet sweet tasting!  Add some scallions and cilantros and you are definitely good to go here!)Crepe station:  Fresh peach / peach cream crepe.... wow!  One of the best  crepes I've had in a while as the cream reminded me of Beard Papa's except is a little bit tarty..... but not overly sweet and just right...  Crepes were made to perfection so it turned out awesome!  Had to share it with everyone though.. couldn't finish this large chunk of heaven!Salad station:  Skipped this because I was getting really full, but noticed that they had fresh made Paninis if requested.... so for those of you who like to take a little snack out of the buffet for later.. this option would be great as those sandwiches looked healthy and wonderful!  I'll give it a try next time!Dessert station:  By this time I'm ready to faint..... but had to pull myself to take a look.... took a sugar free cheesecake and that's about it... not bad.....  Had to end the meal with ice cream though... so grapefruit gelato was on my menu to clean up my palate.....Cravings...... I can't crave you anymore for today.... maybe another time.....
3	The food and services was good. But I ate here last year and the food did not taste as good as it did last time
5	Great!
4	"Are we really going to do this?"  LOL...this was my fiance and I at about 1:30PM on Sunday morning (well afternoon I guess, but it felt like morning).After an incredible "Vegas style" Saturday night - all we knew was we were still tired, and still starving from the night before.  We also knew we had to get up eventually.  How were we going to combat this beer hangover?  How about mass quantities of food.Let me preface by saying - we aren't the buffet types AT ALL.  If we're going to spend money on food, we go for quality over quantity. We'd find it much easier to spend $100 on a sushi dinner, or an amazing Chinese banquet, than a buffet.  But again, my yelp research had led me to Cravings.  Not because it's the best.  Not because it's the cheapest. But because of it's Asian selection.  We knew we were in Vegas.  We knew we needed a ton of food.  But we also knew we needed Asian.  And it needed to be fast.  We were in no condition to wait in a massive line.  And it needed to be on the strip.  What the heck - Cravings it is!We got to the Mirage at about 2PM, (let me also tell you that the strip anytime on the weekends is a PARKING lot.  We did not take Las Vegas Blvd once while we were there).  We found a spot by the elevators to the Mirage and entered the tropical paradise.  I already began feeling better (it HAS to be the casino air) - and the beautiful gardens really helped brighten the mood.  But this is not a review of the Mirage.We walked through the gardens and casino, passed the Cirque Du Soleil Revolution Theater and Lounge (looked SOO cool, if only there was more time)...passed Kokomo's Steak House...Passed Japonais...and finally, we made it to  Cravings!  It was seriously like a light shone from above on the restaurant sign.  It was at the end of the casino (really..NOT that far of a walk, just REALLY far when you're still hungover and starved).  The BEST thing EVER was seeing that, there was NO line.  Seriously - none.  I had read horror stories about two hour lines at Bellagio, and wasn't about to have it.  This was perfect for us.Cost for Sunday brunch with Champagne with tax was only $56.10 for two!  That included bottomless mimosas/champagne and soft drinks/coffee. Okay, that may seem like a lot - but REALLY, when you consider your dining options on the strip - you can either go fast food cheap, and settle for McDonald's or Panda Express, you could go fine dining and pay $100 for lunch, or you could do a buffet - which includes champagne.  We were happy with our decision.Service was great for us - although, I CAN see where other yelpers may have had issues with this.  We were very lucky - we started off with a subpar server, but during the brunch/dinner shift change, we were replaced with a wonderful server who always kept our glasses full (trust me - my fiance probably consumed 10 iced teas in 20 minutes) and my champagne always full.  Champagne was a nice touch (even though I had complained of a hangover only ten minutes before).Onto the food.  REALLY - the ONLY reason you should come here is if you like Asian food.  Seriously - I don't think this buffet would appeal to customers who do not like Asian food.  There is a section called "Noodles" that serves shumai, steamed pork buns, and potstickers, reminiscent of dim sum.  At that same station you can order beef and meatball pho, wonton noodle soup, and many other varieties of soup and dishes.  And then next to that is a "chinese" section that has noodles, rice, congee, and a variety of other Chinese dishes.  And next to that is a Japanese section (with a very small variety of sushi and to be honest, not really good sushi).  But they do have miso soup which is soo soothing.The pho is good (not the best broth ever) but it does the trick!  The wonton noodle soup was really good, and the congee as well.  We must've loaded up on all of the soups.  The shumai is okay - it just depends on when you go.  It was a bit chewy but when they put out a super fresh batch and it was fine.  All in all a very pleasant experience.  So much so we went back for dinner the following night.  No champagne - but the same price - $56.10 for two - not bad for dinner!  And the variety was better - singapore noodles, shrimp and veggies.  And their prime rib was amazing.  Seriously soo tender.  I would highly recommend this buffet if you like Asian food.  And their "carving" station is good too.  My fiance sampled the crab legs and said they seemed frozen and salty.  We only stuck to Asian, soups, and meat.  We didn't even hit dessert!You get what you pay for - and you ARE at a buffet.  I wasn't expecting New York Chinatown or SF Chinatown quality food, but it was a wonderful variety (and yes - there were Asians cooking behind the stations!)  Haha.  If you're looking for a reasonable buffet with NO lines I'd definitely stop here.  Maybe not the quality of desserts or french cuisine as the Bellagio or the Wynn, but not nearly as pricey either!
2	Ok, the previous dining experience must have been because we were partially hung over or something. The quality of the food was not as good this time. Variety was all right....
5	This is the best buffet I've ever had in Vegas.First off, they have a crepe bar and gelato. Is there anything else that needs to be said?Its pretty cost effective at about $20 a person. There's prime rib, crab legs, sushi, a salad station, pasta, pizza, comfort food, soups, etc.The food is delicious, hot, and fresh.The only downside is that it can get crowded, so you have to watch when you come or you may have a long wait ahead of you.
3	Considering how I've felt about buffets, this place wasn't half bad.  I still couldn't imagine giving more than 3 stars to any buffet (unless they were just out-of-this-world-effing-fantastic) so I think this place was pretty decent as far as buffets go.  $25 was a reasonable price for offerings of crab legs, sushi, prime rib, chicken, etc galore.  I didn't try any dishes with beef or chicken, so my review is slightly biased. Pros:Attentive serviceDelicious grilled orange roughy, mussels and cioppinoWide array of different dishes, including Asian, Mediterranean, American, and ItalianSalad bar with great offerings and freshly tossed just for youGELATO!!!  OMG delicious!Cons:Crab legs were a bit salty so I was disappointed that I couldn't gorge on them like I wanted toDessert variety was wide, but not very goodI know I've complained about buffets before, but this place was pretty a-ok.  I'm sure it's not the best and certainly not the worst offered on the Vegas strip.
2	If you are a simpleton and like basic foods, this is the place for you.  I normally like to explore foods of a higher culinary expertise, though I do still appreciate the basics.  If you fit this category, read on..I was visiting Las Vegas with my parents and trying to show them why the buffets here are impressive, and after searching Yelp for the right one, I chose Cravings.  We were there at about 8pm on a Saturday night.  There was no line, which probably should have been an indication that it wasn't great, but at that point we had been looking for the "perfect" buffet and were just tired of searching.They had a wide variety of categories to choose from: Italian, carved meat, Latin, Mediterranean, Seafood, Sushi, Chinese and Salad.  However, within each category was the most basic of each food.  Italian: Pizza, pastas with either marinara or alfredo sauces. (I was hoping for fire baked crust and made-to-order pizzas, rather than old, hard cheese and meat)Carved meat: Prime rib or Turkey (where was the sirloin steak and Latin: Texas chili (not Latin!), tamales, and enchiladasMediterranean: pita bread, babaganoush, hummous.  (that's it??)Seafood: chilled cocktail shrimp and crab legs (they were too salty) and baked tilapia and salmon (typical)Chinese: stir friend veggies, beef chow mein, fried rice, orange chicken (comparable to Panda Express)Salad: romaine lettuce with your choice of dressing, and vegetable toppings (I was hoping for fruit toppings and candied nuts)And for dessert:  only a couple of selections of pie: dutch apple, raspberry chocolate silk, lemon merengue, and sugar free cheesecakes.  Throw in a few choices of rock-hard cookies and fresh fruit.I was expecting much more, to say the least.  I probably won't be coming back again, with or without my parents.  They weren't really impressed and we all felt that money spent on food did not match the quality.This being said, I have been to the buffet at Aria, and was much more impressed... See Aria for further review.
2	Went there for breakfast on a Wednesday morning.  Nothing that says wow.  Just your basic breakfast fare like eggs, sausage potatoes.  They have congee but nothing else out of the ordinary.  I was expecting a lot more but it seems like all the same stuff that you get from Hometown Buffet.  Quality really isn't that much better in my opinion.  Service wasn't that great either.  It took a while to get a refill of my drinks and even then they messed up my order.All in all with the abundance of options in Vegas, I will not be returning to Cravings anytime time soon.  I should have stuck with my initial urge and went to the Bellagio Buffet instead.
2	For my first trip to a Vegas buffet I expected more. The food was tasty, and seemed to be of high quality, but there wasn't the variety that I heard so much about. For $35 a pop I expected more.
4	We like to stay at Mirage when we are in Las Vegas - so eating at Cravings is convenient... fortunately for me, I also like it.For $20 they provide a great selection of food choices.  Including Mexican, Asian, Seafood and American.  Its a good deal considering there is a lot of options and the quality of food is pretty good.
4	One of the best under-$20-buffet in Las Vegas.  A myriad of selections from various cultures and traditions.   The secret to enjoying Craving??    Try a little of everything, and don't fill yourself up with stuff that cost them nothing such as:   rice, Chinese noodles, machine-made sushi, and cheap breakfast items.  Go straight for the tender slices of roast beef and generous portions of crab legs.     Add some of the freshly grounded chimichurri sauce.    There are special condiments to add to your food placed all around the restaurant.  Its your job to select them out, try them, and then decide whether they go hand-in-hand with certain dishes.  Save room for the vast selection of delectable desserts!
4	This buffet is one of my favorites, Great buffet for a good price.Lots of selections - Seafood (Crab legs, shrimps, oyster etc), asian food, Mexican, American, European / Italian etc...They have a create your own pasta area, a create your own Panini, Carving station w/ Prime rib, Turkey, Ham, sausage...A little Mediterranean  choices and good desserts...Food is good quality and Nice place to eat...
1	Decided I wanted buffet on our last day in Vegas.  I checked Yelp and decided to go to Cravings.  Hence the name, I sure had no cravings here.  Perhaps, I went a bit too early. I got there at 9am.  Nothing was available to eat until 11am.  Nothing tasted fresh here.  The only reason for 1 star is because the waitress was nice.  She came around enough times.  The best thing I ate was the lemon poppy seed muffin. Besides that EVERYTHING was gross.  No cravings at CRAVINGS.  I really don't know what lunch or dinner taste like or if I were to come at 11am instead but breakfast SUCKS! Complete waste of money.  I feel bad for having to drag my bf along to eat a horrible breakfast.Barf.
3	Get there around 10:30 and you get the best of both worlds-- the end of breakfast and transition into lunch. If you like grazing on multiple foods all at once, until your stomach explodes, than this place is right up your alley. YEAH FATTY EAT UP!!            I waddled outta there well satiated.Good- If you can't find something to eat here, you will just have to go gambling hungry than- won't you? :P I mean really, it isn't meant to be 5 star dining people. Get ReAL!!! It's a decent spread tho and quite the mix of americanized pseudo-foreign cuisine. $16 will make you holla for TUMS or your mommy.Bad- Not sure what the wait was about cause the restaurant was half empty when I went, but whatevs. Stay away from the fruit. It is not fresh!Ugly- No room in my lil tummy for more MACAROONS!!!
4	We had this one on our last day, as a breakfast buffet.  As this was the last day, this was when we finally mastered the buffet experience, which completly applies to Cravings.  Try everything.  Eat a little.  Don't "try to get your money's worth" out of it or else you will leave the table bloated and unable to enjoy the rest of your day.  Just enjoy it for what it is.This is spoken from a person with buffet experience.We had the breakfast and I was impressed.  The plantains were insaine (in a good way), the apple crepes rocked my world and the french toast and migas were also amazing.  They had a make your own omlett station in which you did not cook at all but your ordered someone else to make this portion of your meal.  Nice dessert selection, especially for a breakfast, although it is hiding on the other side of the buffet. Yum Yum Yum.Do it.
3	Decent buffet and ok spread. Really liked that they had Pho. A big plus there. Other than that is a slightly better than average Vegas Buffet.
4	Came here for CHRISTMAS DINNER!Mainly because the wait at Wynn was approximately 3.5 hours. THREE AND A HALF HOURS, ARE YOU KIDDING ME?The wait to get in here at Cravings was only about 15 minutes and totally worth it! Just try and get there before the dinner rush starts. We were in line by 6pm.This place had a TON of food. Great variety. Prime Rib was delicious, nicely cooked, seasoned & the au jus was perfect. Questioned whether the mashed potatoes were authentic or of the instant variety, but it was so tasty, I stopped wondering & just enjoyed myself.The personal salad bar was great. Got just the right amount with everything I wanted and nothing I didn't. The guy tossed it for you and everything. Very nice.The sushi was sub-par but I guess that's to be expected. I tried every roll but just by the look of it, you could tell it was whatevers.The Chinese food they had was really good too, just the basics. & Tasty sweet & sour soup!They even had Pho! My parents had it and said it was lacking one thing - MSG. Of course.The seafood was really good! King crab legs, sweet succulent shrimp & the best breaded shrimp ever! Sweet & well-seasoned perfection.They had Mexican food as well as Mediterranean food. I saw hummus, pasta, bbq, etc etc. Really something for EVERYONE. Great variety! The dessert bar wasn't anything too special. Meringues, cake, fruit tarts, macaroons that we all swooned over. But the best part? GELATO! A nice man behind the ice cream bar who would scoop you whatever you please. Coconut, coffee, strawberry, vanilla... only thing missing was green tea. That would have cleansed the palette nicely. Oh well!Overall, a great value. Our Christmas dinner buffet was $34.95/adult. I think it was totally worth it considering the variety, the freshness & flavor and the fact that we didn't have to wait over 3 hours, like at Wynn. I'd recommend it!
2	I went to Cravings craving some king crab legs (and since we were going to watch The Beatles Love after dinner), and instead got some overly salty, thawing legs. Sadness. The other reviews were right in that some of the food was cold. I would think everything should be HOT since I got there right around peak dinner time. Their idea of Italian food is basically pizza and 2 kinds of pasta, but fine, I understand risotto or ravioli is too much to ask for at a buffet setting. The sushi looked old and stale so I didn't even bother, but the Chinese dim sum stuff was good (in comparison). I liked the prime rib and crab bisque until I realized they used imitation crab. C'mon! Can't a girl get some fresh and real crab meat??? Maybe I just got spoiled by the Wynn buffet but I'd happily spend $15 more next time going there instead.
4	We went here unexpectedly, after getting a comp for a major screw-up on the part of the Mirage.  This let us bypass the long line.  Yesssss!This was a first visit to Cravings, and it was a pleasant adventure.  I like the way the food was arranged, in niches, so that a few steps brought another semi-hidden surprise.  I ordered a glass of wine and was happy to see that the prices were very reasonable.I bypassed all the carvings and the meats; we were seated near the desserts, so by the time I made my way to those sections, I was stuffed to the gills.  (Buffets never lose money on me, even when I'm paying).  But my husband and the other couple we were with made up for my shortcomings.  One of them raved about the prime rib, and the other thought the turkey was delicious.  But I loved everything I did try, especially the buffalo chicken salad, the beet, apple and orange salad, sushi cones, and the butternut squash and jalapeno soup.  I probably would have loved more, but my stretch denims were stretched out as far as they could go.The only thing that didn't warm my heartstrings was the gelato for dessert.  I got chocolate, and it tasted ordinary and not very chocolate-y.  In their defense, though, I did put a dab of the warm chocolate lava cake on top of it.  The cake was so over-the-top chocolate-y that it may have masked the flavor of the gelato.I'm not a big fan of buffets and generally try to avoid them.  This visit to Cravings was worth waddling for.
3	getting our trip to Vegas delayed by almost 2 hours thanks to Snowpocalypse 2010 meant that we were mad hungry upon arrival, so a bunch of us hit the buffet at Mirage.there's a ton of variety, which is a plus. my friends warned me about the crab legs, so I avoided those. the beef pho was alright, the steamed pork buns and the carved meats were good, the ribs were great, and the Mexican station was really good. dinner will run you $28. there's better buffets in town, but Cravings isn't a horrible one to lose a belt notch to.
2	I thought everything was nasty here besides for the carved meat. Some of the stuff you don't even want to go near it if you saw it. The asian food was the worst, talk about disgusting, I didn't have any or go there for it, but just looking at it gave me the creeps. The desert wasn't any better either, the gelato tasted ewww. I only came here after seeing the crazy line at the Wynn. Next time I will wait in that crazy line.
4	First off, $28 for dinner. Ouch. But it's Vegas and I'm not much of a gambler so my money has to go SOMEWHERE, right?So the line wasn't too bad when we got here at around 6 PM. I must say though I was impressed with how it took about 20 minutes to seat us when there were clearly open tables. Maybe to ensure we'd start off towards the food at a comfortable get-the-hell-out-of-my-way pace? If so, mission accomplished Cravings Buffet.They had an Italian station, 2 Asian stations, a carving station, a Mexican food station, a salad station, and a desert section where there's a hidden gelato station at the far right corner past the desert bar; it's not self serve though so be prepared to bug someone to get you delicious strawberry gelato.I got 3 plates of food and finished about half of each because I was so overwhelmed. I got the prime rib which was delicious for being carved from a buffet station. It was medium rare and lovely and pink, very flavorful. The pastas were alright (al dente but the sauces were average) and the ceviche was just ok. Not enough citrus, in my opinion. The asian stations were more flavorful and the barbecue pork buns were nice and perfectly steamed. I strongly recommend getthing the chipotle mashed potatoes though.(Note: If you want the perfect plate, get a slice of prime rib, a side of chipotle mashed potatoes with turkey gravy, a made-to-order salad from the salad bar, and some corn bread. So. Good.)The sushi station was measly and didn't even look good enough to try though. I've seen better looking sushi at Chinese buffets. Oh, but the desert station! Little pies!! I'm a weirdo for mini versions of things, like some girls. They had mini Dutch Apple Pie, mini raspberry pie (filling had souffle consistency) mini pecan pie, and a mini peanut butter pie. They were all scrumptious and adorable! The passion fruit infused cake with orange and strawberry slices on top was both aesthetically pleasing and subtly sweet. The strawberry gelato was very, very bold flavored and the cookies and cream flavor was a miss. The chocolate one was probably the best.The service was not that great. It shouldn't be a big deal for a buffet if the waiters are good or not but the tables were kind of small and the plates were huge so it was noticeable when we'd been unattended for half an hour and even the ice in my water is gone. Because I ate my ice cubes as a form of hydration. Bad bad baaaaaaad.The setting was pretty nice, contemporary American theme going and the stations had their respective titles above them to keep from having lines and long wait times to get food. I would go again, if there were coupons or I'd try that tip to go for lunch prices but dinner items.
3	For some reason, my mother swears by this buffet. She would put her life on the line here. I know. Living up to mom's wishes, I came here for brunch. I came here 3 years ago but seriously, who can remember what they've ate 3 years ago?I'm really not a fan of the food here. Well...except for the eggs benedict (heaven!) and the egg personalization. The dude behind the eggs is awesome. Not a lot of options for dessert, even if you've found something that looks good, it might be "sugar-free". Damn you low carb eaters.Overall, a nice buffet, but just not for me because I feel like there's not a lot of good options. Well, I'm looking back at my old review...still very attentive and nice staff though, I'll give you that.
2	Now, I'm sorry that I'm giving you two stars but I'd give you three stars if I ever decided to come here again. It's a decent Las Vegas buffet. They did have some good dishes but then they did have some NOT so good dishes. The snow crab legs were a bit too salty for my liking. The prime rib and sweet potato mash was my favorite there.The desserts were alright. I grabbed a bunch but didn't really like them. Sorry. They were just plain.I don't really have much more to say about Cravings. :o/
3	ummm its ok!
3	Good buffet. They have your standard crab legs and prime rib. There isn't really anything here that stands out here though. The dessert selections leave alot to be desired.
4	Went here twice during my trip and I really enjoyed it. The brunch part is pretty awesome as you get unlimited mimosas. (If only our server was a little faster at refilling like some of the other tables had)Being a vegetarian I realized that it might be difficult to find non-meat options at a buffet but really didn't run into too much of a problem. I really enjoyed the salad bar. At first I was disappointed because you couldn't make your own but the person who made my salad made it perfectly. Of course they could've had more options like other buffets but for the price I paid I'm not complaining. Roughly you pay about $28 to eat here and that was fine with me.
2	Typical Vegas buffet. You won't be blown away but it's better than cafeteria food. If you're settling for a buffet, you should be expecting this. If you want a good buffet, then go to Bellagio or the Wynn.
4	I quite enjoyed this..Yes I am a food snob, yes this is a buffet.I found myself gorging on the crab legs and jumbo shrimp... The 'made to order' salads were really good and the desert bar is pretty massive.I expected less... I got more... its $24/head which is expensive, but not for vegas... Well worth it.
5	Crab legs, seafood cioppino and much much more. You cannot go wrong with their prime rib. It was super tender and juicy.Most of the items were great but there are a few that were down right nasty, like the lemon butter mussels. The mussels looked and smelled like they were rotting just prior to cooking. I brought my friends here and they all said they liked it. This is a must on my Vegas trips.
4	On our third day here I didn't want to be rushed to get up early so by the time we meandered downstairs it was lunch time and we were hungry since we had such a small dinner the night before.  Where better to go than the buffet, right?We missed the breakfast cut off but the difference in price was only $5.00 per person.  They had your standard buffet fare...Chinese, Latin, Italian, Fish, Salad, and a Dessert bar.  Everything was really good but I really liked their Chinese food and their Salad bar.  At this Salad bar you tell the person what you want in your salad and they toss it for you and place it in a bowl.  It was one of the best salads ever!We enjoyed this buffet so much that we decided to come here for breakfast the next morning after checking out.  We hit up the omelet station right away and made our rounds of gathering up other breakfast goodies.  They are of course much busier for breakfast than they are for lunch and the service reflected that.  The salad bar was so good from the day before that we waited until 11:00am for the bar to open up so we could get salads again!  I would highly recommend this buffet if you're in the area!
3	In similar fashion to the other MGM Resorts buffets that I have patronized lately, I have become slightly disgusted by the outrageous prices for food on par with locals and downtown casinos that charge nearly half the price. On weekends Cravings now charges $28 for lunch. I feel that they renamed this a champagne brunch to charge tourists more money (this is the same company that has implemented resort fees).   On a weekend I recommend the Wicked Spoon Buffet in the Cosmopolitan. The price is less for better food.   A couple of nice points on Cravings is their freshly prepared won ton soup. For people that want to avoid a long line, their has rarely been a long line to get in.
4	We went for lunch. The best thing about this buffet is the many stations, each a different type of cuisine, so lots and lots of varied choices.  Its weakness is that while some of the food is quite good, some is not.  Nice thing about a buffet, is you can just stop eating anything that turns out to be not so great and go get something else.  Standouts according to family poll on this trip were cold and hot jumbo shrimp, coleslaw, cornbread, Italian chicken stew, bok choy, carne asada, flan, and chocolate mousse cake.
1	EVERYTHING WAS HORRIBLE!!!! The food looks so bad I thought the person before me threw up on it. "the great sushi bar" was offering selection of 4!!!! different rolls. The meat smelled like it was microwaved for the past 10 days. DO NOT EVER EVER EVER EVER EVER GO THERE. that place make McDonald's look like a 5 star restaurant. It's NOT A VEGAS EXPERIENCE.And CRAZY expensive.
4	This buffet has designated areas: bbq, chinese, latin, italian, etc.  Chinese is always great.  So is italian and japanese.  The bbq is hit and miss.  The seafood is fresh.  They have a mongolian type bbq set up for noodle dishes.  Custom salads too.  Gelato is good.  Deserts are awesome!  Just had a raspberry macaroon tart this past weekend.  Wow.  Super Yum.  Beverages are always filled on time...no real waiting on refills.
3	I was a bit hesitant at trying out Cravings after reading some of these reviews. However, our stay in Las Vegas was this time with the Mirage, so we ended up going to Cravings after all.  We went there for lunch and paid 18.50 per person, which is an ok price.  Unless you're looking to go to McDonalds or another fast food chain restaurant, that's about the price you'll end up paying per person for a decent meal anywhere around here, so it wasn't too daunting.I ended up giving Cravings 3 stars, based on my findings below.First of all, service was excellent.  I'd rate it 5 stars if I could separate service & food stars.  Our drinks were always filled, in fact, most of the time we'd barely emptied half our glasses before the waitress/attendant came and topped off the drink.  Also, our plates were promptly cleaned up once we were done with a course, and the waitresses/waiters & greeters were VERY friendly.  So kudos to the staff @ Cravings, keep up the good work.Let's move on to what we're here for.... food!  I think the easiest way to rate and comment on this would be station by station.Mexican/Latin Foods - very disappointing.  In fact, my husband even asked if there truly was a Mexican chef there or if they'd hired a British chef to handle the Latin food.  (No offense to British chefs out there that are good at all types of cuisines.... he was just playing off stereotypes, obviously.... Gordon Ramsay probably cooks better Mexican food than any Latin chef out there ;-))ANYWAY, the plantains - huge disappointment. I love plantains, I was very excited to see them but the taste was off.  The enchiladas were not very good either, and I didn't attempt the taco fixings but I'm assuming those were ok since theres not much to prepare in way of cooking those...BBQ - fairly tasty! :-)  They redeem themselves some!! I had a wonderful veal brisket with a tangy BBQ sauce on the side.  The sweet potato salad w/spicy mustard was also good.   They had a cornbread "pie" which was awesome, very smooth, and their BBQ beans were great.  I'm definitely a fan of the BBQ section of "Cravings".Carving Station - Two thumbs up!! I had the thickest, juciest slices of turkey on my plate and they were not cheap on the servings, I was a very happy camper while endulging in the delights of the carving station.Chinese - Meh.  Middle of the road, not a big selection of good stuff, but enough to satisfy any craving for Asian foods.  Nice eggrolls.Sushi - I'll have to rely on my husband for this review as I'm not a big fan of sushi.  He said it was great, he complemented the Sushi chefs... the sushi were just the right size and they had a good variety.Salad bar - Awesome! Great selection of fresh cold cuts! Fishmonger/Raw bar - no comment, didn't visit those so I can't judge, however the selection was not very good and whatever they had there, didn't look too tempting....Italian - Middle of the road, ok selection of pizzas.Dessert -  Pretty tasty.  Best Napoleon Cake I've tasted in a long time! Also their chocolate mousse was fantastic, with chunks of chocolate bites in there, and the bread pudding was also very good.  Nice selection of sugar free desserts as well, and they tasted good... not "sugar free"All in all though, I must say you can find better buffets in Vegas for less... I probably won't be choosing Cravings in the future.
3	This buffet was ok. The BF and I went to the sunday brunch buffet but didn't know that it came with champagne and didn't get any. I felt so dumb! WTF. I wish someone would have told us :-( The food was sectioned into region and it was all mediocre. The carving station didn't have many options for meat and the italian station didn't have much in the way of pasta... it had some really not good osso buco. The best part was the potstickers. I love potstickers. I'm always disappointed when I go to buffets, and yet I still go to multiple buffets on each vegas trip. I would recommend to everyone (and myself) to go eat at some of the nicer restaurants with the money saved not eating at buffets. Now I just have to remember that on my next Vegas trip.
4	Cravings was the second buffet I experienced in Vegas other than the Buffet at the Wynn and the experience was GREAT!  My friends, boyfriend and I went on Sunday for Brunch.  We were in line for maybe 30 minutes?  The food was good, they have everything just like the buffet at the Wynn (maybe just not as much choices) but enough for a buffet.  The best part was all you can drink MIMOSAS! =) oh, and i'm glad i was able to save room for some gellato ice cream... my bf and I tried the watermelon and white chocolate macadamia gellato ice cream.  They were both good but the watermelon one was really good! my friends were full but i told them to try our watermelon ice cream, once they tried it, they got up and got their own =)I recommend to go here if you're on a budget, we only paid $28 compare to $40 plus for dinner at the Wynn..
3	Cravings has always been good to me, for the most part. In fact the last few times I was out there in Vegas. I always made it a point to make a stop here. Prices adjust throughout the day. With breakfast, brunch (with unlimited mimosas might I add) lunch, and dinner. Selection ranges from, Latin, raw bar,Chinese, Italian, carving. Of course deserts. Service is very attentive. Once in a while they have a panini sandwich station which is awesome. The gelato station hiding in the desert corner is damn good. prime rib is good. So why give it only 3 stars and not more? Well I was here a few weeks ago. And for some strange reason it just didn't satisfy. the prime rib was fatty. Some of the dishes out, weren't very fresh. The selection was very minimal. I was there during lunch time. I'm not sure what was going on that day. But it doesn't ruin my spirits to give it one more try when I go back. Otherwise I'll be force to give other buffets a try.
4	This is my friends favorite buffet in Vegas, so definitely it was a must try for me.   We came here just right before Sunday brunch time and only had to pay for breakfast price, what a deal.   I like the layout of this buffet, everything was labeled and easy to recognize, so I can choose what I want to eat while I'm sitting down.  Great variety and our waitress was really nice bringing back several refills whenever she saw our glass empty.  Breakfast items that I enjoyed were French toast with bacon and sausage.Lunch: Prime rib, cream corn and beef brisket.Dessert: Oreo cheese cakePlenty more stations to choose from, and their Chinese noodle station is awesome.
3	This was definitely one of my favorite buffets in Vegas...5 years ago.  I feel like the variety is slowly dwindling every single time I come back though.I like how everything is easy to find and it's not an overwhelming amount of food.  I also like the selection that there still is there but I feel like everything quality wise is slowly going down as well.  I like the chinese food station cause they have one of my favorites, won ton noodle soup.  You just have to ask the sully looking dude standing behind the station to make it.The gelato is also good too, however you need to flag down someone to serve it to you.
4	I visited cravings years ago and was not impressed. However, being the fatty I have become, I came back twice, yes, twice during my recent stay. The first time we were waiting for our room to be ready early in the morning. We walked around the different options but found that regular breakfasts would cost the same amount, or more, as the buffet (14.99 I believe). The choice was pretty obvious.BREAKFAST:yummy pastries- the muffins, cookies, and donuts were delicious. The croissants not so much. bagels with lots of different toppingsomelette station ( I didn't try but looked good)fresh fruitscerealdeli meats and cheesesgood hash brownsOne complaint is that the waitress kept forgetting my water. I asked for it maybe 4 times. She kept bringing me coffee and juice, so it's not that she was not attentive. Not a big deal!THe next time we went for lunch because as we were having breakfast we saw some of the stuff they were going to have for lunch and it sounded great (gelato!!). LUNCHhighlights:Prime rib!! (SO GOOD!)ceviche (scallops and shrimp)pot stickersseafoodsalad (you choose the toppings and they make it/toss it for you)Gelato! lots of options and toppings!!!! The presentation and the way that it is made is also fun.the bar!! - mimosas/champagne were not included since it was a friday. But I really wanted one! the bartender checked and it was 11.99. I thought it was a bit much for a mimosa, specially considering how the sparkling wine was $9! The bartender, however, was able to ring it up as $9 for me. He also changed the channels for us and was great about cleaning up our dirty plates and refilling our soft drinks. A+ for him!
4	My friends and I paid $30 for the buffet with unlimited champagne. It was delicious! My friends drank so much champagne, they were buzzed all night long. We also stayed there and ate/chatted for 3.5 hours. The drink service was great. The food was also delicious. I literally liked everything I put on my plate. The diversity of food here made me ecstatic and it's all good quality. I wish I could go back asap!
5	Although it's a buffet, I have to give it a 5. The way it was arranged it didn't feel to much like a buffet.  Service was great to begin with.  Food was pretty good,   Prime rib and crab legs and shrimp along with the best caesar salad were well worth the 18.95 lunch price.
3	This is one of the more expensive buffets on the strip. It's usually about $25 pp for dinner. It really is an average buffet. They have a pretty good selection but the food ranges from just ok to pretty good, certainly not great. The dessert is horrible so if that's a biggie for you then you should skip this place all together. This buffet is fine if you don't mind the price but if you are only doing one or two buffets on your trip, skip this one.
2	Definitely not craving this place again....Staying at the mirage and on a time schedule, this seemed to be our closest option for our breakfast choice this early Saturday morning.The place is aesthetically pleasing and appeared to be clean and well kept. Arrangement of food was organized to aesthetically pleasing visual as well, making the majority of the food items appear quite appetizing, except for a few beat up egg benedicts.Unfortunalty looks can be deceiving, which apparently it was for the most case with most of the breakfast Items I tried.I made my first and last round starting at the omelet station. The guy behind the counter took some time to make the omelet, did it a little carelessly however; it ended up being the only decent tasting item I tried.Most of the sausage links and patties I tried tasted as if it was picked from the bottom of the barrel. I tried some cheesy potatoes like casserole thing that looked better than it tasted.The dessert items did not look appealing enough to try though,I had a bowl of some oatmeal, fruity dish with milk that was semi sweet and extremely tasty.The service was nice and the place appeared to be well kept however the food has not enticed me enough to want to give them another shot.
3	I like Cravings... located @ The Mirage, it's always awesome to prep my appetite for the seafood while staring at some seafood in the aquarium--Muwahahaha... in all seriousness though, beautiful setup at the check-in counter.Cravings is a good choice when it comes to "budget" buffeting! It's probably a good 10-15 bucks cheaper than your Bellagio Buffets (I'm sorry I don't keep track of dough when I'm ballin' it up in Vegas ;)Anyways, even though the buffet isn't as large as some of the other ones on the strip, it's got your basic fundamentals.The shrimp, crab and prime rib are all there so that's really all you need!What really makes this place stand out is the Gelato!!! I literally eat my meal in anticipation of dining on the dessert!!! I go nuts w/ the gelato... I mix it w/ the cookies and other random desserts... nirvana!And sometimes (often), I'll have a slab of prime rib after cleansing my pallet w/ the sweetness... weird? Kinda.The decor is decent.. it's got a bunch of LCDs while you're waiting in line.  The ingredients look so fresh and it makes me, oh, so hungry!What I don't particularly like about the dining area is that it feels too meshed together... you got the buffet lining around the outside of the seating area... which kinda makes seating area efficient but boring... doesn't really scream VEGAS.Either way, it's a good choice and would get a much higher score anywhere here in SOCAL, but this is the SIN CITY, where amazing buffet/food are a dime a dozen.
1	Full disclosure -- I find Vegas to be the cesspool of the United States and I only come here for the many conference I need to attend for my job.I ended up at Cravings because it was next to impossible to find a restaurant at either the Venetian or Palazo that was within the guidelines of my company's meal expense guidelines.  Can someone explain to me why a meal at Morels in the Palazo is 50% more than the Morels in LA?  Worse service and food for 50-100% more than other parts of the country?   Anywho, everything was overcooked, the selections were sparse and I felt  that they had used the cheapest ingredients possible to make money.
5	Everything I ate here for champagne brunch was excellent, seriously. Usually I leave a lot on my plate at these buffets, but not here. Crab legs were big and I became addicted with that drawn butter. Shrimp were peeled and CLEAN and juicy. Prime rib wasn't dry or chewy, just super yummy. All the food is high quality and there is so much to choose from. We had a few vegetarians and one vegan and all were very satisfied, so that says something. I picked this out for a group of 21(!!!) girl friends and we were SO happy; they couldn't stop praising me! Also a huge plus, they sat us all together! Spice Market @ Planet Hollywood split us up between 3 far away tables. Boo.Go here if you're looking for a mid-range brunch buffet. The end.
5	I've been to this buffet a couple of times for dinner and i love it! They have a huge selection such as italian, chinese, american, etc. and even a gelato station. It's about $30/pp but it's definately worth it. Highly recommend!
1	This was the worst buffet I've ever eaten at in my life, including local chinese buffets, golden corral, etc.  Many different and spread out stations, each with only a few bad choices.  Italian station was some kind of spaghetti, meatballs, and then the rest was pizza, all of it was bad.  Most of the stations had two hot soup options and/or dips and spreads that appeared to be there just to take up space and make it look like more variety than it was.  The prime rib was overcooked and seriously under seasoned and the crab legs were ice cold and ruined by being sliced in half long ways so you had to dig out the meat with a fork, not to mention they were small snow crab legs to begin with.  Even the cocktail shrimp were very "shrimpy" tasting, not good.  I would have been disappointed with this buffet even if it was completely comped.  There was not anything that was worth eating, I'd have rather eaten at the food court in the Fashion Show Mall.
4	So the food is ok, not the best. But the mimosas are what make this buffet. You just can't go wrong with all you can drink mimosas. That's the only reason I give this place four stars. As far as the food I like the alfredo pasta, chilaquiles and the donuts with honey.
4	Decided to grab a quick bite at The Mirage while waiting to watch a show so Cravings buffet was the answer.  Not too bad.  Didn't really eat anything but prime rib and that was very good.  This seemed like a no frills simple style Vegas buffet with the usual standard selections.
4	Ate a late breakfast here one day, but early enough to be able to get the omelet and eggs benedict I was longing for upon entering the buffet. I was a little disappointed that there wasn't more fruit options other than pineapple, a variety of melon, and peaches, but realized it might be because breakfast was going away soon en lieu for lunch. The french toast was really spicy and sweet (our table loved that). The lunch items getting set out looked really good too, but alas I was too full to partake. I should have saved room for some of the gelato or chocolate chip cookies I saw as we were walking out.
2	For three weeks i have been waiting for this amazing buffet experience but have been let down with just pure disappointment. Before i went on my vegas vacation all my co workers have urged me to go to Le village buffet at Paris but i figured why not just go to the buffet that is closer, considering the fact that i was staying at the Mirage and didnt want to go through the hassle of leaving the hotel and driving through the traffic just for a buffet. Little did i know that this Cravings buffet was just awful. It was about 30 dollars per person, im not going to bitch about the price because everything in vegas is going to be expensive. I understand that majority of the buffets are about this price, so whatever right? I am a big seafood fan so i immediately went to the sushi bar and grabbed a tuna sushi with an avocado roll and a tuna roll. When i went back to my seat i noticed that the rice on the roll was stale and hard. I didnt even eat it. The tuna sushi was AWFUL it was a tiny little piece that was turning brown!!! i left it on the side of my plate because i didnt even want to touch it. I did enjoy the shrimp..so i grubbed on shrimp until i was sick of shrimp..I figured that they couldnt mess up on salad and their salad bar was pretty good. but overall this was not a memorable experience. well..memorable yes..but in a bad way.
3	It is not anything special, but at least everything is fresh.  We had dinner around 5pm before a show, and there was no wait! The waitor is attentive, and the bread pudding is the best I've ever had!!!
2	For the breakfast (not Sunday Brunch) buffet:Pretty standard fare, and not worth $17 for breakfast, unless you are really famished or have teenage boys that will take advantage of the situation. I would have preferred an omelet at a sit down restaurant.The omelet station was okay, at least something was freshly cooked. The waffles were not crisp and tasted like cardboard,  the french toast was okay, and the pre-cooked eggs tasted like powdered egg crap (which is typical at buffets). I thought about giving them a second chance for dinner, based on Yelp reviews, but my brain and taste buds dictate that if I'm at the Mirage for dinner, I'm going to Kokomo's.
4	I give this place 4 stars base on value and selection. While it's not perfection like the other more expensive places, mid tier price  for a average dinner was good. Selection was great, lots to choose from, multiple selections of soups, and the usual prime rib, crab legs, and shrimp was above average. the desert bar could do with more selections. But good stable quality over the years.
2	It is interesting that this buffet is 'highly' rated, but we liked it the least out of the 4 that we tried.  WE were fortunate enough to have a free buffet each day, so we were able to compare this one with others.  The selection was minimal, the desserts were unappealing, and the taste was less than average, even for a buffet.  Don't get me wrong, you'll find enough food to fill you up and if you get it for free, even better, but I would never choose to actually PAY for this buffet.
4	A nice combination of value and options.  Quality was decent too.  Waiter and other staff were realy nice and helpful.We came in tired and hungry.  We left tired, but happy and sated.DON'T MISS THE GELATO CASE TO THE RIGHT OF THE DESSERT AREA.We'll be back!
1	Horrible! Selection is average and the food matches up to it. The chairs itself are crap, feeling like a cafeteria. Being a person with a sweet tooth the dessert was very pathetic, hardly any selection and although they offer made "crepes" the maker doesn't know how to make them correctly, dredging them in oil after 10 minutes. Instead, head to TI's buffet practically across the street, a dollar difference but significantly superb.
4	I tend to stay away from buffets because, like Forrest Gump says, "You never know what you gonna get." We had already eaten at two other Mirage restaurants during our weekend stay, so by process of elimination, we tried the buffet Cravings, which I kept calling 'Carvings'. LOL. Great quality & wide variety & fair pricing. I liked everything I had for brunch. A few items to highlight: freshly made - in plain view - brick over pizza, freshly-made on-site gellato ice cream with a nice variety of toppings. Fresh, custom salads & omelettes & sundaes are made for you while you wait. The one thing that could have satisfied me more was a better variety of sushi. They offered 5 basic options of sushi rolls on par with what you could get from the supermarket, BUT I won't hold that against them. I would definitely recommend Cravings & I will definitely return.
3	I love buffets!  I love being able to try 100 different items all in one meal.  I even love the "I want to puke" feeling that comes after a visit to a buffet.  I am not even bothered with the generally mediocrity of food on buffets.That said, I found Cravings to be a disappointment. It has about 10 different ethnic stations with each station having a handful of food options.  In general, the food offered was even blander than I find at my local Golden Coral.  I also felt like the number of dish options was less than you usually see at a Vegas buffet.  The price is similar to the Wynn  Buffet, but not nearly as good.  Some of the highlights- Had a good Latin station with a bunch of different salsas.  Also enjoyed the Chinese pork buns with many different sauces.  The highlight of the meal was the Gelato bar.  I enjoyed 5 different flavors dipped in 6 different sauces.  YUM!Overall- definitely don't come here if you don't generally like buffets. It will live-up to all of your negative opinions of buffets.  If you love buffets, there are so many in Vegas, why come to this mediocre one.
5	Yum!This place is excellent! Usually with buffets most people, including myself usually go up for one to two servings. When I went here I went up several times. The quality of the food is very good; there is something for everyone! The waiters are very attentive asking if you need anything. The price is pretty good for what your getting. Personally I enjoyed the all you can eat sushi bar. Whenever I'm in Vegas, this is the buffet to go to!
5	This buffet was really good.  They had lots of options and we got it for free because of the deal we reserved.  Everything you could want.  My two main complaints are that the omelette station can get long and take forever and they serve your drinks to make tips, which always annoys me at a buffet.  They can be slow to get you drinks too.
3	Better than the others in Vegas, but still it's a buffet.Went for a late brunch which turned into lunch. The desserts were amazing. The cinnamon buns cannot be missed. You must try them! Lots of the brunch options were good... It's less than $20, too, before lunchtime (11?)
4	immense salle avec de gigantesques buffet de tous les pays , all you can eat pour 26 dollars...super mais pas tres chaleureux
2	have been coming to this breakfast buffet for years and always would look forward to going on my next trip to Vegas. Unfortunately I will probably never visit again. Booked a vacation package through Southwest which included a free buffet for each day we were staying at the Mirage. We did the breakfast buffet on the first day, then the breakfast/lunch buffet on the second day (the third day we got wise and went down to the Aria buffet). The service both times at Cravings was absolutely terrible. We were a party ot 7 and had to practically beg to have our drinks refilled. My empty plates were never cleared...so we just piled them up wherever we could. The server never made a point to apologize for the service and was not friendly whatsoever.The food was average. It seems to me that they've cheapened the quality of the food (especially the baked goods) and I truly expected more from this Vegas buffet. I honestly can't remember much about the food except for the gelato, which was delicious. I'm sad to say I don't plan on going back to the Cravings buffet again.
2	$58 for two people for the dinner buffet.  A little expensive for what you get.  You do have variety to chose from but I'd rather have less choices and better food. The salad was "bagged lettuce."  Believe me, you could tell.  The pizza was on par with the frozen kind you get at the store. I will say the Prime Rib and Turkey was good.  eh mashed potatoes and gravy. You can get better Chinese food at the Safeway deli counter.   I saw they had carrot cake.  I love carrot cake!  Unfortunately, it was dry and tasteless.  There are these little squares of carrot cake with cream cheese frosting that are very moist and flavorful that you can buy at most gas station mini marts. I got one on our drive home.....waaay better then what Cravings had to offer.   They got the 2nd star for the Service.  Our waitress was quick and attentive.
3	This is the third buffet in Vegas at which I have eaten (the other two were at Rio and Paris), and I see no reason to stop my search for an excellent Las Vegas buffet. This is one of the moderately priced buffets on the Strip - it costs 27$ a person for dinner. The food is more exquisite then simply pizza and burgers, but I was still not very impressed. I had the following items:Pizza - Pretty good, but nothing exceptionalPrime Rib - Likely the tastiest part of the meal: Great and unlimitedFajitas - God awfulChips & Guacamole - Surprisingly good guacamole for a buffet.Pork Buns - I've had better in a college dining commons.Sushi - Very small selection of rolls (tuna, avocado, and that's about it), and none of them are any good.So, overall, the food was standard, except the prime rib. I had been expecting a luxury buffet with restaurant- quality food. If you are expecting that, I don't think this will be for you.
2	The stars are for the food, as it was edible, but nonetheless just okay.  Our service however, was by far the worst I've had in Vegas this trip (which is saying something.) We came in at about 1:30 in the afternoon and my mom and step dad ordered a bottle of Champagne. After about 15 minutes, our waiter came by to apologize for the wait, because apparently, the buffet bar was closed; so they would have to go to rEVOLution or Japonais just to get a bottle. Ten more minutes passed by with is wondering why the Cravings bar was closed, when he came back to apologize again for the delay. My mom just said to forget it because she had specifically told the waiter she wanted it with her food.  He stood near our table virtually the whole time we were eating. Normally this would be good, but he was standing there chatting with his coworkers. We barely got refills, I'm glad my coffee came with a carafe. In terms of food, it wasn't anything phenomenal. I came here with my fiance last year and remembered the food being better. It seems there were some cut backs at Cravings which is sad, because it used to be one of the best buffets in Vegas. I don't think I will go back to Cravings unless I've exhausted the buffets at Paris, Bellagio, and especially the amazing Spice Market at Planet Hollywood! Sorry Cravings.
2	**Summary**       - Selection - The selection seemed to be limited and the food was mediocre at best.       - Value - For the price we paid for dinner, I was expecting a little more. This seemed to be on the level of a $12 buffet but with crab legs and shrimp.**Price**       - $15.99 Breakfast Mon-Fri 7am-10am       - $19.99 Lunch Mon-Fri 11am-3pm       - $26.99 Dinner 3pm-10pm       - $24.99 Champagne Brunch Sat-Sun 8am-3pm**Items to note**       - Prime Rib - The prime rib was overcooked and completely dry by the time I got back to my table.       - Shrimp - The shrimps were of decent size for the price. I think this is the only item I couldn't complain about (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/OVTZNSkSfbl3gVB9XQIJfw?select=Kp3AOIz9Ztv38-gkYZdPCA).       - Crab Legs - The crab legs were split and dry. The shell side was brown on most of them and it seemed like they were sitting there for way too long (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/OVTZNSkSfbl3gVB9XQIJfw?select=YdVxZbw2SodAIWfmfwnbRw).       - Deserts - The dessert selection was minimal and wasn't very good.**Recommendations**       - I wouldn't recommend this place. Stations has a better buffet for a cheaper price. If you're going for the higher priced items, Bellagio is a way better choice.
2	It's edible. But this buffet's not worth your money.
2	Back in the day (especially when it was under the helm of Steve Wynn), the buffet at the Mirage was the nicest one in town. And even when it took a back seat to fancier, pricier, and more popular offerings from newer resorts such as Bellagio, Paris, and the Wynn, it still held its own as an excellent above average Vegas buffet. As recently as one or two years ago, Cravings offered a great dining experience. While you didn't get more upscale items like seared ahi or beef wellington, you did get a wide selection of food that was delicious and fresh. I recall prime rib that was juicy and tender, mounds of moist crab legs, and steaming entree selections. Well, not anymore.Now things have gone noticeable downhill. The prime rib which I remembered so fondly was overcooked. My piece of medium prime rib had hardly any pink left in it and no juices running out of it when I cut into it. I can't imagine what a piece of the well done would have tasted like. The crab legs looked a bit dried out and only enough was put out throughout the evening to cover the ice underneath. A lot of the the other meats offered at various stations were also a bit overcooked. Knowing that buffets typically undercook their food slightly (since the heat from the steam trays and lamps finish the job) it suggests that the cooks were not careful with their technique or that the food was just sitting out for too long. Many food items were not being replenished or refreshed as often as they should have. The two bowls of ceviche I wanted to try were half empty, with much of the seafood already picked out of it. It remained this way for the entire duration of my meal. The hand rolls at the sushi station were replenished sporadically. And meager allowances of crab legs on the ice tray left me feeling like I was constantly picking through leftovers.Service at the tables was adequate, but service at the food stations was detached and unfriendly, with hardly a smile to be found. I also had to make three trips to the gelato station before finding someone to offer me a scoop.To be fair, none of the food at Cravings was bad enough be inedible or unpalatable. At a lesser buffet in a lesser hotel, it might have been passable. However, at $26.99 for a buffet at the Mirage (Bellagio was only a few dollars extra this weeknight) I expected more in terms of quality, freshness, and service.
5	This is my fav buffet in Vegas! Every time I go to Vegas, I have to stop by here. Even if we don't go out or do anything else, if I just have me some Cravings then I'm completely happy for the rest of the day!Prices are affordable and the food is great. I luv the craved ham and Chinese station here. Lots of variety to choose from! Try the Chinese bbq pork buns! To me, most buffets taste the same since they're making everything in big batches. So, why would I want to pay more at other buffets for the same type of selections? Also, I hate peeling my own shrimp, so I like how cravings does it for you. They always have plenty of cut crab legs and cocktail shrimps! So enjoy!
4	Sushi station was just OK needed more than just salmon & rolls but everything else was worth the price of admission.I would go back.
2	If you're planning on paying for a buffet on the Strip, allow me to convince you otherwise, because it is definitely not worth it. However, if you find yourself with some complementary buffet vouchers, let the Wycliff flow! Most of the food here is standard buffet, which is to say, bad, but there are some palatable items to be had if you look carefully enough. I went with the gyros, available near the salad bar. Also acceptable-looking were the salads themselves. For dessert, I hunkered down for some frozen instant pudding (or gelato, as they call it around these parts), which tasted good enough. As an aside, I noticed a lot of people putting their faith in the raw bar here, and I haven't heard news of a salmonella outbreak, so that's something. Sparkling wine is complementary, so drink up!
5	This is officially my new favorite buffet in Vegas.  Went for a sunday champagne brunch and was in love.  The price was 25 bucks per person which i feel is reasonable.  Drank a lot of champagne.  The seafood selection was great, the salad bar where they make it fresh for you was outstanding, good sushi, good everything.  I was so bummed I was not able to make it to the Mexican station.  I left so full and just keep thinking about that buffet on a daily basis and how much I can't wait to be back in the lv for another trip to the sunday brunch at the mirage.  It was well worth it.
2	How can people say this is a good buffet? It's overpriced and the food isn't that good...at all. I came here for dinner which was $29 per person and for breakfast over labor day weekend (about $39 per person because of the holiday) and was disappointed both times.They have a variety of different foods which is really the only plus. The food itself isn't good. Everything I tried was either bad or just decent at best.
2	The buffet is NOT what it used to be :(
5	i have been here on 2 different vegas trips and it is still probably my favorite buffet (it and the bellagio so far, still need to try wicked spoon, but that is for the next trip).  they have a large variety of food, my favorites are the ribs, the asian part where the guy makes you whatever soup that you want, and it is really good soup, crab tastes good too.  the sushi is very meh, and i would not recommend it at all.  if you want sushi, go to the bellagio.  the italian section is good too, but my favorite section is the dessert section.  the pastries are very good, and some contain alcohol which i have not seen at any other buffet in vegas.  cookies are nice and soft and chewy, but the thing that makes the buffet really good to me is the gelato bar.  they only have like 5 flavors if i remember correctly (chocolate, vanilla, lemon, pistachio, coffee, and some berry one i think) along with a variety of toppings you can put in it.  i think the gelato bar is what sets it apart from any other buffet.  ill probably be here again in one of my upcoming vegas trips
4	very good selection of international food!  food is better than other buffets of the same price range (~$25 plus tax). some dishes were good. others were okay. good service
2	I'm not the biggest fan of buffet. I find them kind of gross normally. Cravings was pretty good with a very large selection of food. We went for brunch, so all you can eat plus unlimited champagne or mimosas for $25 is pretty damn good. Our waitress was very attentive and accommodating. I would have given this place 3 stars if it hadn't been for the hostesses / cashiers at the front. We were a group of 12, but were just going to meet inside. Paid for our meals, went to be seated, and asked for a large table since we were a group. Mind you the place was empty given it was around 11am .... told no flat out. Then told we would have to pay extra for a group ... aren't you a buffet in a casino? And shouldn't you cater to groups? We noticed they were giving an elderly group of people the same treatment. Luckily our waitress just moved us and we were all able to sit together. Personally, I don't care about the extra $3 or $5 bucks, it was just the attitude of the hostess was completely out of line.
4	For a buffet this was impressive.  A wide variety of options.  A nice salad bar with a joyous gentleman making your salad for you.  The shrimp and crab tasted fresh and the prime rib wasn't bad either.  If anything needed work, it was the dessert table - I am on vacation and wanted to splurge and my only chocolate option was sugar free chocolate cake?  Wrong answer.  Overall I definitely thought this was a good value for folks with a hearty appetite.
2	I thought this place was pretty average. We did the all you can drink champagne brunch and that was pretty great. However, I thought the food was pretty bad. The salad was soggy, the eggs were flavorless, everything was sinking in grease, the breakfast burrito was NOT GOOD. Usually, when I'm vegas hungover, anything breakfast appeals to me, so you can imagine my surprise when I left this place hungry. For all of the amazing buffets in Vegas, skip this one.
4	I honestly think this buffet is underrated and need to be recognized. I remembered eating with my parents here for dinner and it was delicious. There was a wide selection of food and I was able to eat most of them. Their dessert section was good. I have to say I even think it is better than Wynn buffet, which have very few selections and charge double amount when you can go to Cravings. When I get a chance to be in Vegas again, I will come here for sure!
2	Oh, how the mighty have fallen. Or, maybe my standards have just gotten higher.Cravings was one of the first buffets I visited when I started coming to Vegas in the mid-2000s. At the time, I remember it as being a top-notch buffet, so I was excited to return on this trip.All I can say is one word: blah. The food was standard and boring, and mostly tasteless. Service was abominable and it took me nearly ten minutes to be asked what I wanted to drink. I can only think of one dish that was memorable in a good way, and it was a dessert bar. It's been nice knowing ya, Cravings. I won't be back.
2	I really hate buffets - I really really do hate them. I don't know why I even step foot in them - maybe because they are really the only place that offers breakfast super early in Vegas?? The food is never good and I never eat enough for what I am paying for. With that being said - $18 for a western omelet and a glass of water is a little crazy - not the buffets fault - but it still rubs me wrong.As far as the food is concerned - or should I say the omelet - average nothing to write home about. I didn't even try anything else because it all looked shriveled up...like it was sitting under a heat lamp way to long :-(
5	I always make a point to go to this buffet while I am in Vegas. There's a great amount of variety and the price for a champagne buffet is pretty good. It doesn't happen every time, but our drink waitress most recently was awesome.
5	$25 dollars for endless champagne and creme puffs?! SOLD!
2	The line was a little outraegeous. More an an hour or so. Food was decent. Huge selection: sushi, barbeque, american, dessert, chinese, soups, salads, etc etcThe server took about 12 mins to bring drinks and there were dozens of empty tables despite the hour long line. Def frustrating. I've had better in Vegas, for sure.
1	This place is gross.  We were in Vegas with my boyfriend's parents for Thanksgiving (yes, I know this is weird) and my boyfriend's dad really likes buffets.  He is diabetic and likes the variety and that he can find things friendly to his intense diet.  I, on the other hand, do not have such dietary restrictions, and just found this food to be disgusting.  I got a little bit of a few different things (some sort of steak, pizza, corn, a roll, mashed potatoes) and everything was so bland, salty and improperly cooked that I just couldn't do it.  I started getting a headache from the amount of salt in everything.  The desserts were decent and I had a bunch of melon alongside some forgettable but palatable sweets.  I definitely wouldn't recommend this place to anyone.
2	2 stars because it's Vegas and you can definitely get better food than this. Buffets serve one purpose in Vegas, and that is awesome hangover food and sitting there for hours just basking in seconds and thirds and the general gluttony that is Sin City. The brunch price is pretty much the same as other places but the food quality is horrendous. Granted, there is a lot of variety, but I would rather have less of better food than a lot of crappy food. The dessert was like half tofu-based or something. The pho was borderline insulting. The best thing is probably the seafood bar where I loaded up on cocktail shrimp and crab legs, except the crab legs are stringy, tough and way too salty. Did they pick this up straight up from the ocean and dunked it back in sea water? Gross. Bottom line, this is not worth the line and someone really needs to teach the cooks to, well, cook. Ugh.
3	Decent buffet 15.99 per person. Nothing spectacular, but you can find your breakfast items that you love and expect. cereal, toast, eggs, sausages, and bacon. MMmmhhh...Surprisingly, I do not recall pancakes. What I really loved unexpectantly was I built myself a little cheese platter with crackers. I loved it. I think they were carrying four types of cheese. I dont know what they all were but yummm...
3	This is really a 2.5.  What lies between MEH and A-OK?   OK.  Like the first Matrix sequel.  Not bad.  Not good.  Just OK.Typically I stay at the Mirage when I Vegas and so I try to slip into the Cravings for breakfast.  I would not say anything is gourmet or jaw dropping, but you can put together almost any breakfast you can imagine reasonably enough.  Unfortunately, the most disappointing aspect of the breakfast is the lame 80's era hotel coffee.  Mirage -- you don't have to serve Starbucks.  Go to a local Panera or Einsteins Bagels to get an idea of what you should be serving.  Something smooth with some flavor.  Not bland weak nothingness.   You should be embarrassed at this point.I've read other reviews that indicate this buffet used to rule Las Vegas.  I'm not really convinced any buffet can rule much of anything.  I tried to over-rated Wynn buffet and the far superior Paris buffet and I'm simply not sold on the idea that any buffet can challenge a reasonably good restaurant.  But that's not why buffets are in Vegas.  They are there to offer cheap fast eats.  They are cafeterias with delusions of grandeur.The Cravings is a decent 'cafeteria' if you will.  The sushi lacks fish, the shrimp is plump and bottomless, the coffee (again) sucks, and they'll toss you a tasty salad of your dreams.  Like I said, it's OK... for a buffet.The Mirage has been good about updating itself and I think it's time my favorite affordable resort re-invent the buffet.  Scrap the silly name.  Pull the Studio 54 gold and mirrors out of the interior.  I'm hearing good things about what the Cosmopolitan is doing it.  Take what works and fix what doesn't over there, bring it to the Mirage.  Charge higher prices to people walkin' in off the street but give resort guests a bold discount -- and name said discount as a benefit of the resort fee.
3	Friday before Christmas, about 8:00 pm. and we were seated immediately. Maybe because there is an abundance of casino buffets, but it beats standing in a Disneyland-like line at our local casino.  Beverage service was immediate and we tied on the feedbag for round one.  Nicely laid out buffet with several stations of options. Salad bar allowed you to choose your greens, toppings and dressing and then have it hand-tossed by a staffer.  Served up in a nice deep bowl.  Somehow it just made it taste better and I didn't want to give it up.  A dribble of melted in a bowl and then a handful of crab legs.  A little on the smallish side - snow crab? Good, sweet, but alot of work for little yield.  Next stop was the noodle area - BBQ pork won ton noodles for me.  Not the greatest, but definitely a nice option.  Next plate = perfectly medium rare prime rib with a little scoop of corn, a dab of mashed potatoes to stick it together and a piece of pizza.  Last go-around included a pecan square, lemon tart, and  cranberry orange cookie, which miraculously found its way under a napkin and into my purse for later. Nice bedtime snack. Did I eat $27 worth? Probably not, but there were tons of options and most were not bad.
2	Okay, so as far as the spread, it's kind of sad.  The layout is confusing as hell, but the most disappointing thing about my visit here was the fact that nothing leaped out at me that was so delicious that I kept eating my hangover away.  I came by here and did the 30 dollar mimosa champagne brunch and I'm sad to say that I literally ate 1 plate of food.  How miserable is that? I also got a mini plate of desserts that I took a half bite out of each of my 4 things and it was really disappointing.  The only thing that saved me was the fact that their asian section had congee (rice porridge) so I was able to keep something down.  Yeah, I was pretty god damned hung over that day.  Me and my friends talked so much shit to each other telling each other and ourselves that we were going to eat a mountain of food and to have at least 3 plates each, if not 5.  What a sad day.  None of us ate much.  30 bucks for a half eaten plate and a half bowl of rice porridge.  But we did clean them out on the mimosas, cause we're boss like that.  (or stupid) The food itself wasn't really good and it was actually the worst buffet I've been to in Las Vegas.  I think if you're willing to pay 30 buckaroos for a buffet, I strongly urge you to check out a different joint if you can.  There are far better options out there on the strip that might even be cheaper.
3	I say... It's ok. Not bad.
5	Yummy. Prime rib, chipotle chicken, french fries. It was all good! Best of all there was no line. Got here today at 2:40pm. Paid for lunch and stayed for dinner. Other buffets uave ridiculous lines. Staff was friendly and refilled drinks frequently.
3	I've been here twice and it's a decent place to have lunch.  I came here yesterday for lunch and the price was $20 per person.  Thankfully, my brother-in-law was Papa Georgio this week and had Gold Status with M life and we got comped for four lunches.  There were a lot of choices to pick from like a Asian food section, BBQ, Italian, Latino, and a raw section too.  My favorites were the cioppino, sweet potato fries, and their  shrimp.   They also had a salad bar where they prepared the salad for you with everything you wanted. Their selection of desserts was pretty disappointing though.  I probably wouldn't come here for dinner based on their lunch selection and quality, but I would go to the lunch again if need be.
1	Absolutely the most disgusting food I have ever seen at a buffet. I know its under $20 but there is a reason for that. Nobody smiles, the place is a mess, nothing is filled up properly and once you are up close to the selections, you realize there isnt much there. Most of the food was inedible. I basically ate cheese, crackers and salami, along with the stir-fry  veggies. Everything else was gross and a waste. I cannot stress enough what a waste of money this place is. Please eat somewhere else.
3	This place is the definition of 'Average'.  Not great. Not bad. Just average.  It's inexpensive, and even more inexpensive when you stay at the Mirage, as they give you a $40 coupon.  I probably wouldn't go here again unless I had another coupon, but they provided a decent meal and good service in a clean environment.  3 stars.
4	One thing I love about Vegas is trying out all the different Buffets. Do not get me wrong I am very meticulous about the ones I go to. We were getting hungry and so were our friends. We all decided to come here for dinner. Make sure you have your "M life" card, as it does help points wise.For dinner its $26.99 per person, yes I know it is a little steep but its Vegas plus you are getting a lot of food. When we arrived, the line was pretty long at 8:00pm on a Tuesday night but the lone cashier kept the line moving. While standing in line we were laughing at the LCD TV's they have up. At random times they will have different foods flashing up but in slow motion (kind of like food sex) not going to explain anymore, you will just have to go yourself to see it!The host who sat us was not too friendly but we were seated pretty fast, our table was close to the action so we didn't have to walk to far to get to everything. Only thing I totally hated was the bathrooms which were not located inside the buffet, you had to walk out hang a left, and there they were! Our waiter was nice but it seemed like her mind was somewhere else. She took our drink orders and said we could start eating whenever we would like. All four of us made a mad dash in different directions!  FOOOODDDDDDDDD!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!This buffet has:-Pho (it is freshly made at some point, but sits out)-Wontons-Crab legs (I was impressed that these legs had a lot of meat)-Jumbo Shrimp-Prime Rib-Turkey-Lemon herb chicken-Various pre-made sushi and sashimi's (eeps do not touch)-Various deli meats and slices of cheese-Pasta-Veggies-Potatoes (Both mashed and wedges)-Woodfire Pizza-Mexican slow-roasted pork-Greek Salad-Chips and salsa-CornbreadDessert:-Mango or Pistachio pudding-Chocolate Mousse-Various cheesecakes (sugar free option too)-Chocolate logs-Large selection of sugar free stuff-Macaroons (no I did not miss-spell it, it is not the French kind)-Fruit-Whipped topping-Ice Cream-Mini Pies-CookiesAnd oh so much more!After about four plates, I was tapping out... I had to sit for about 20mins before I could start on the dessert end. The food was not bad unlike some of the reviews I have read. I put it this way some days are better than others, it happens everywhere you go! You just have to look and know before you decide on what you are going to grab and eat. Our waiter took our plates away pretty fast and our drinks were filled with a smile. We left in food comas and wanting our beds!! Good job cravings for stuffing us silly!!
3	I had 2 tickets for a free buffet at any MGM property, so my boyfriend and I decided to go here based on the reviews. Our first buffet was the buffet at Treasure Island, so we already had a low opinion of buffets. But we enjoyed our meal here. There is a variety of options, from different types of cuisines to the dessert. They have your typical buffet food, and we really liked the variety.The desserts were also pretty decent, as they have gelato, that my boyfriend enjoyed. The bread pudding is also really good.
4	CRAVINGS BUFFETThis is a decent buffet in the Mirage at Las Vegas. It's definitely improved over the years. I recall going there as a kid in the early 90's, where I met tennis star, Michael Chang, and got his autograph. Wide variety of foods here, but fast forward to 2008 and beyond, where the Cravings Buffet has expanded and vastly improved. There is quite an international feel to the buffet, ranging from Americano to Mexicano to Asian (Chinese, Japanese, Vietnamese). Lots of cut meats to choose from and plenty of soups to try! Desserts included cakes, tarts, bread pudding, and a gelato bar! Drinks are free, so drink up if you're into fruit juices: orange, cranberry, apple, etc. Service was great too, as they servers regularly cleaned our tables and refilled our drinks. The food is arrayed around the the dining area in a wide circular arc, making you walk a bit to find your favorite foods (a little exercise within the buffet compound). Not a bad buffet in Las Vegas. Not the best, but hey, it's not Bellagio!
3	Good things about the buffet:1) it's less pricey than most of Strip buffets2) It's part of Buffet of Buffet list.3) Have not found any line at 12 pm SundayBad things:1) Food is not as tasty and fresh as in many other buffets, at least it was worst among 5 Las Vegas buffets we dined in. However you still have a good choice of food there
4	Last Friday, there were massive lines at two of our favorite Strip buffets (Bellagio and Cosmopolitan). As a last resort we  tried Cravings, which is the buffet in the Mirage. Based on this experience, I jacked up the ratings a star.  The neat thing about Cravings is that there has never been lines on my visits. I was thinking that it is unpopular. Not the case. The place is huge, which eliminates wait times.  I have experienced many buffets, and the food was quality. Maybe, the deserts could be better. The live Asian station serves fantastic won ton soup.   All in all the food tasted good. The server was on top of refills.  Oh. And it costs around $28. As a local, Cravings is a good treat once in awhile.
4	Average buffet in Vegas but I thought good for the price. The breakfast for $17.99 is a good deal considering all the things available.
4	One of the best buffets in Vegas, in my book. Cravings is noticeably cheaper than Belagio and Paris...but WAY WAY WAY WAY WAY...DID I say WAY better than Paris. The food runs the selection from salads and cold sandwiches to Chinese Bao (Steamed buns) to French duck and even American BBQ. Quality is high for any buffet...and the layout doesn't make you feel like a part of the buffet, but lets you enjoy it.Get your buffet on!
4	I came here on a Monday night, not wanting to leave the hotel. It didn't look like too many people were there, until actually getting into the restaurant. It was quite busy so that put me at ease because I've never tried this buffet before. They had a full international buffet with Italian, American, Japanese, Chinese, seafood, soul food, not to mention, the desserts, and A full alcohol bar. The service is great and the staff was really friendly.  I would definitely come here again if I was staying at the Mirage.
3	This buffet was just okay. You get pretty spoiled on the strip. The desserts were lame but the quality was otherwise pretty good.  Not as mant choices as I'm used to seeing but very clean and courteous service.
3	The only reason this place gets 3 stars is for their prime rib and pasta.Prime rib was very tender, flavorful and really melted in my mouth. Pasta was al dente and the flavors were done right, if not perfectly.Everything else was just meh. Roasted duck was dry, not crispy, and didn't have much flavor to it. Congee was bland, lacked seasoning.The desserts were average. Nothing really stood out other than the bread pudding, which was great.The gf's orange juice was served in a glass with a lipstick marking on it, which was definitely not hers (she didn't even have lipstick on). That was a real bummer. The server just apologized and brought her another glass (a new one, i hope). Also, it took forever for someone to take our drink orders, we had to flag someone down to get our order. Maybe we were just impatient because we were so hungry.
4	The best buffet in Vegas. A great assortment of Asian food, seafood, American fare and desserts.
3	We just happened to stumble across this buffet after buying tickets to see LOVE.   It was lunch time so it was pretty reasonably priced.  This is  a very big buffet with lots of choices.  Although I felt compared to some of the other buffets in town the quality was lacking a little bit.  Also the service was sub par as well.  Twice when we got up from the table to get new plates they cleaned the whole table off drinks and all, very strange.  But the waitress whom was working very hard to keep everyone happy was quick to get us new drinks and silverware.    I wouldn't go out of my way to come here...I guess if your staying at the Mirage and want to eat buffet food it's worth a try.  Not the best I've had not the worst.
3	We ate here for brunch before we left to go back home. It was 25$ for lunch with tax it came out to be like 27 something. Champagne comes with the meal though =)We got seated fairly quickly. Our waitress seemed serious, but she cracked a lot of jokes. Although sometimes it took quiet a while for us to get our drinks. The eggs benedict was to die for! that was like the only thing that I liked besides the melted butter that you eat with the crab. The asian food had no taste. It was so bland.We ended up staying a little more than 2 hours. we stayed so long that everyone that was there when we were there were gone and everyone around us were new o.O no one looked familiar LOL. we're FAT.
2	Another short and sweet review of a buffet.One thing that this buffet does REALLY good is their Salad Bar. I started there and I was extremely impressed by how fresh the ingredients were and how great the dressing tasted. PLUS, the little cheese display right next to the salads provided some delicious eats as well.Everything else about the buffet was super disappointing though, aside from the service, which was actually pretty good. The food was not tasty and totally not worth as much as they were charging.
4	Good price ! They had a variety of food from latin, to asian, rosetterie, dessert, salad bar and italian. They had a bit of each in every station. The waitress was super friendly. We got seated fast, and we didnt have to wait in a long long long line like we had to in Bellagio.. lol btw the asian food station.. with the sushi.. didnt offer much variety.. the sushi didnt look good either. but other than that good price for good food
1	It was a Saturday, and the line was between 15-20 minutes long, just to get to the cashier, ($25 per person) and then another 5 to 10 minutes while they scrambled to make room available.  All that waiting had me thinking that there was some seriously good food to be had.  Alas, that was not the case.  The food was terrible.  The oranges were sour.  The melon was tasteless.  The waffles were hardened and the seafood was obviously frozen for too long or something.  Bad bad bad.  I was hoping to drown my sorrows in the champagne but the waitress took so long I was only able to get two of them at all.  The only good thing in the place was the freshly made omelettes.  But seriously, the buffet at Terrible's Hotel & Casino was way better for half the price.  And that's not even a good one either.
4	Came here for brunch. It is not as expensive as the other buffets, however the food is just as good! I like their variety of foods. Every section has a big ass label so you won't be able to miss out or not find what you want. They have Chinese, Italian, Mexican, Seafood, Cocktails, American (Pizzas, French Toast, etc), Salad, and Dessert. Everything was pretty good...Except their limited dessert selection. Oh yeah, brunch comes with champagne so pretty much unlimited mimosas. They kept refilling our champagne without giving us dirty looks hahaha.Service was excellent and food was good. No complaints.
3	Mediocre food at a moderate price. So many other better buffets on the strip.  Unless you're craving chicken and pizza.
5	Breakfast is so good. Huge selection. Amazing omelette bar. $15.95 charge worth it
4	I had a friend visit from Kauai & she wanted to eat at a buffet & we were already at the Mirage so we decided to give Cravings a try.I am glad we did. It was about 20 bucks each for lunch. We were seated right away and had a very nice server who was very quick with the refills. She even put our kiddos juice into a cup with lid/straw.Its a really big buffet..alot of walking around to see all they have..which is alot. I was impressed with the spread. They had some really large shrimp and a nice BBQ section.The only thing that was not that great was the dessert selection. But I did try the bread pudding and it was pretty good.Next time I will come back with the hubby since I think he would really like this place.
3	Since I found myself in the Mirage, I decided to try the buffet here and found it decent.  Their dessert section was a bit lacking since it tended to lack variety (all being stuff I usually don't eat) and they did have a variety of items but nothing really special.  I prefer the buffet at Paris' over this.
3	I loved the tossed salad. The reason I ate here was because they had sushi...big mistake, it wasn't good at all...but I found other things that I loved. $19.99 lunch buffet and it includes your soda.
3	Standard is an accurate summary of this place, it's nothing special and it won't kill you either. If you're looking for an eclectic array of food to give you the most exquisite indigestion then I wholeheartedly recommend this joint. There is the usual selection of Breakfast foods, Italian (pizza for breakfast!), Latin, Chinese and salad. There is even a raw bar if you're feeling brave. In addition to all of that there's also a large section devoted to a myriad of sweet things.If you're staying in The Mirage then it's an adequate place to go and eat.
2	Sorry, after going to Wicked Spoon at The Cosmopolitan this place wasn't even on the same level. "Meh. I've experienced better." explains it well, Yelp. Everything was just ok, and pretty much what you would expect from a Vegas buffet. If we hadn't been so hungover/hungry/walked all the way to Mirage already we wound't have stayed to eat, but it was a solid choice to feed a group of people who are just hungry.If you have the option to go somewhere else, do it. There is to much to try and see in Vegas, don't waste your time here!Note: This place is right off the casino, so be prepared to smell cigarettes the whole time you eat too...
3	One of my buffet peeves is initially sitting down and waiting for a server so you can order your drinks. My peeve came true here as we were sitting a good 5mins before our server came to ask about drinks. The food is just ok, highlights include the salad bar (you tell the server what you want and they mix it up for you), the crab legs were a good size, and the shrimp was already peeled. Other than that, it was a big pile of meh. The sushi, if you can call it that, was absolutely sad...little rolls of something that only half-resembled what you would buy at a cheapo convenience store. The asian section was blech, the pizza was ok if you prefer two inches of crust, and the rolls were hard. I used to like this buffet but it's just not the greatest. I'm giving it three stars as it is better than the one at Harrah's and I would still eat there if I was hankering for crab legs, but there are better options out there.
4	I went for the champagne brunch and really liked it. There is a large variety of  really good quality food. It is also a good price for those of us who are not made out of money and the servers are fast to refill your champagne glass. My favorites were the chilaquiles, sushi station and the Chinese chicken dishes.I've only been to the MGM grand and Bellagio for brunch but this was definitely better than both of those and around the same price range.
2	We went to the dinner buffet on a weeknight around 5 pm in early April. We decided to eat here before the Beatles Love show at the Mirage. There was no line to get in. When we left around 6:30 pm, there was a short line.It's been about 8 years since we last dined here. We were quite disappointed. The decor consisted of unattractive metal and plastic chairs and tables. The food was average, but nothing that we ate was memorable. For $27, there are many other dinner buffets that are of a higher quality. Of the numerous buffets we tried out during our 5-day visit, this was the second worst. Our top favorites were the Wynn and Wicked Spoon.
3	This buffet has a nice selection, convenient for hotel guests. But if I didn't stay here, I would not make a trip to come here.
2	We went for brunch on Easter.  It was barely ok.  Interesting place - lots of variety.  Looked more impressive than it was.it's kind of a trip around the culinary world.  they have whatever you might want - mexican, asian, italian, etc.   problem is, the food was meh.  Much of it was cold/soggy.  Service was good, but not a place I would visit again.
4	Really expensive but then again which buffet on Vegas isn't.  That being said one of the better ones I had. We were there at around 330 pm so one might expect the food to be stale.  Good stuffOslo Busco.  Seafood bollingase(can't spell it)Beef ribs both Asian and BBQ. Deserts 5 dollar pitcher of bud light Things to stay away from. SushiHush puppies
4	I had comped passes, but my wife and I really enjoyed this place. Tons of options. So many options that I had to take tiny, tiny, tiny portions my first time through because I really wanted to try it all. They even have a gelato bar. But what they are serving is far from gelato. They basically have put normal ice cream in gelato tins, placed them in a gelato bar and call it gelato. It was basically Breyer's ice cream. It was good, but it wasn't gelato at all. I don't know what the normal price of this place it, but if you go you might as well fast for a day and then go and feast, because there is a grip of food.
5	I'm giving this place 5 stars after comparing it to Wynn's buffet the previous night! Everything is really good! They have more variety & the room/tables are super spacious. They even have a gelato bar. This place is awesome because at the Asian counter, they make fresh soups and noodles for you like Pho, won ton, and duck soup. Their roasted turkey is the best turkey I've ever had! I prefer that over their prime rib. Desserts are awesome and fresh.I would highly recommend!
4	Went for the champagne brunch. Unlimited liquor is always an easy sell, but there's a lot of really good food here. I'm a vegetarian, and there really is a lot of good food: pizza, veggie sushi, freshly made salads, chilaquiles... So pleasant.Hugs to this place.
3	I would have given this place four stars before last night.  We went for an early dinner at around 5:00, and we left extremely disappointed.  It just seemed like everything we ate was of lesser quality than we have grown accustomed to at Cravings.  The sushi selection was minimal.  Roast turkey from the carving station was dry.  Brisket from the BBQ station was fatty and tough.  The only things we liked were the crab legs and some pork dumplings from the Asian station.  We actually wondered whether or not there were new chefs or new management.Having said that, I'm not willing to write this place off after one poor experience when I've had numerous excellent meals here in the past.  I'm sure I'll eat here again, and would still recommend this place to others, albeit with some reservations.
2	Look like it has variety of food choice but it is not. Choices of dessert are very disappointing. Sushi bars quality ain't that well too. Only good thing is brunch includes champagne!!!
2	Great staff. Nice atmosphere, food was mediocre.. even by buffet standards.. The appearance/presentation  ( much like everything in Vegas) was ok, but the taste.. egh.. I've had much better for about half the price.  Sushi rice was overcooked, nori was too stiff, no flavor to the ahi or shrimp.Prime rib was grey.. wtf????  They had some dried out looking rotissiere chicken and other foods that really just looked like Hometown Buffet fare.. But on the yum side, there was a lovely citrus fennel salad on a bed of baby spinach that was fresh and chilled properly. Also had some of their lemon sorbet which was nice for the hot day.  For $22.95  ...it was too much tho.. not on my list of places to return to.
4	This place is pretty legit. Good food, friendly staff, overall a good experience.
4	I have read most of the reviews here and these people all have their taste in the cigarette butt they left in their beer can last night( or this morning).  The service was attentive and my champagne must have been refilled 7  or 8 times, plus Sharon brought us two huge cups to go, which would have been worth the $35 tab alone. But besides that, the breakfast buffet included chilled crab legs and shrimp, sushi, ceviche, noodles, chilled seafood salads, prime rib, veal bacon, smoked chicken wings, ribs, short ribs, crab cake Benedict, Bananas Foster french toast, tons of fresh fruit, Caribbean seafood stew, gelato in numerous flavors, smoked salmon and gravlax, shiu mai and pho, plus scrambled eggs and pancakes if you want to waste your time on them.  My advice is to walk the entire line to determine what you would like to eat before you begin filling your plate.  There is also a cooked-to-order egg station, but why eat eggs when you can have prime rib an crab legs?
2	Shoddy, boring, inept.  For such a great property to serve such a lackluster Mothers Day brunch is a real disappointment.  No bagels ("well you can put some cream cheese on some toast or a roll" said the manager).  Crab legs served frozen solid (we can put them in the steamer for you - another great idea from the manager).No thanks.  I was hoping for it to served the way it was intended: refreshingly chilled.To his credit he offered to pay our brunch tab.  That's okay, we're comped anyway.  What would have gone a long way is an admittance to being short on supplies, and not lame excuses.  This is the Mirage, after all - and not some off-the-strip hotel's breakfast bar.2 stars for excellent beverage service served up by a delightful lady.  The rest was as empty and void as the scrambled eggs - of which there were none as well.
3	Well it was... Ehhh... Ok. Nothing special, nothing wrong. Just ok. Have to admit the ladies at the register, the hostess and our waiter Juan, were all very nice and attentive. We felt welcome. The guy in the Chinese soup area was not friendly at all. As for the food... Great miso soup, the tabbouleh was the best I've ever had and had awesome raspberry mouse. My hubby said his chili was good but I have to say that he didn't get seconds of anything and seemed pretty bored with most of the food. It's probably about average for buffets and it wasn't outrageously expensive. We left thinking we may not buffet again while we're in town. (But I'm sure there is someplace we'll hit up for all you can eat bacon!)
2	I'm inclined to go lower on my rating, but I have to review the buffet for what it is, a buffet.First thing, they GOUGED us on price because it was Memorial Day weekend.  My girlfriend paid, so I didn't see the cost til it was too late.  That put a bit of a damper on things, because I was ticked from the get-go.  I don't even want to say what we paid, because it's embarrassing.  We really should have walked out and gone to STK or something, it wouldn't have been much more.So, let's start with the "good": Our server was VERY nice!  She was a doll and should really be serving somewhere better.  The pot-stickers and shrimp/pork dumplings were edible.  In fact, with a little Sriracha, they were pretty good.  The chilled shrimp and crab legs, on this day, were perfect.  The legs weren't huge but they were nicely split and easy to access the meat, so it made them easy to eat.  I really should have just stopped there.  OH, actually, the prime rib was decent.  Actually, when we got some fresh out of the over, it was really tasty.  Cooked just right, amazingly enough.  There, I should have stopped there.The "bad": The chinese food was crap.  Worst garlic beef, ever.  Chewy, nasty pieces of meat and the sauce was like gelatin.  The breakfast options must have been sitting out for hours.  The eggs had a crust on them 1/2" thick.  I couldn't even force myself to get any.  The bacon had been sitting for a while too and had gotten soggy.  HOW does bacon get soggy???  And the desserts?  If it wasn't for some OK gelato, I would have gone all Hulk on this place for the crap desserts.  The chocolate cheesecake actually made me physically sad.  And then the "key lime pie" made me really mad.  Bah, I don't want to talk about this anymore, it's just depressing me.My recommendation, avoid the buffets.  Unless it's at a very high end establishment and they have freshly prepared food items, it's just not worth it.  Oh, and it wrecked me, my girlfriend and her kids for two days.  Thanks for the GI tract cramping, Cravings buffet!
2	Came here on memorial day and i.must say the food was absolutely bland. I tried every food here and the only thing I liked was the potstick and pizza. All the meat were unflavored. I am Vietnamese by the way and I tried their Pho and it was an embarassment for them to serve that. Its not authenthic at all. Desserts were okay but it was on memorial day so it cost more than usual. It was basically 38$ per person. Definately noth worth it. Rather go to McDonalds or anything else. Such a high class hotel but bland food. Won't ever try this place again!
3	Perhaps it was the fact that I didn't have much of an appetite, but the breakfast buffet was nothing spectacular. I did appreciate that they had biscuits and gravy, but all of the Mexican food was way too spicy and that's coming from someone who LOVES spicy food. Kinda cool that they had a build your own omlette station. Overall, decent food but nothing to rave about.
4	As far as Vegas buffets goes, this one isn't too shabby. Actually, pretty good selection. They had a fantastic homemade guacamole (I could taste the onions), there was a station with a guy making DIM SUM, brunch stations were AMAZING with breakfast burritos, waffles, yogurt, a multitude of fresh fruit, etc.  The dessert section did disappoint a little, which is the reason for 4 stars:  Sugar free cheesecake?  This is Vegas, I watch my figure back home so I can gorge on full-flavored food here. But, other than, pretty good deal, especially if you're staying at the Mirage
1	This was a disappointment even amongst buffet's. The meat was either under cooked or over cooked. The crab legs in particular should be avoided. I expected more for the price 30 dollars?!?. Avoid this one at the dinner price.
1	This year is 20 years since my first visit to the Mirage, and though the viewpoint of a 20 year old and a 40 year old are different, given I have since traveled the world, the one lens which remains the same is the understanding of kindness and feeling appreciated. The food is still good and though it has long since been eclipsed in variety and quality by others across the Strip, what struck me today was how few of the staff bother to smile at the guests, and none more so than the staff tending the actual buffets. Indeed one whose name I noted was Bernard (an elderly chinese or other asian) was irritated that I had asked for a slice of prime rib as he was busy filling a bowl of horse radish. He made me wait until he was finished and then quickly sliced a dry piece which he flung on to my plate. Another staffer (an african american man, late forties/fifties, didn't catch his name) looking after the breakfasty items (this was their midweek brunch service) ignored a question I had and disappeared off inside. Sure the rest of the reviewers are right here - there was no line and the food was solid. But the key to hospitality is not just about product, but more importantly about making people feel at home. The Mirage has lost that quality from 20 years ago when it was fully staffed by professionals who remembered the golden era of Vegas and had been chosen by leadership because of their interpersonal skills. I question if Mirage leadership, certainly at the buffet restaurant, is being as critical now. Remember, this isn't a cheap meal at $23-24 and the Mirage is still deemed a four star brand. Not sure if Mirage leadership look at reviews like this but the staffer details are included for them - for the rest of the readership, I do suggest that there could be several reasons why some buffets have long lines and the Mirage has no line.
3	This review is just for their breakfast buffet. I came here with fellow yelpers Cristal C and Andrew L to finish off our insane week in Vegas for EDC. Sadly I was not really satisfied with this buffet. I love Mexican food in the morning, but almost all of their mexican selections here were so overly spiced that I couldn't taste anything else! So, I kindly moved to try their basic American breakfast items... The small waffles were decent, French toast was dry and overdone, and the only thing I felt like going back for seconds was the bacon... Oh yeah, they also has an italian section, with pizza.. Pizza? Now that was a little odd to me... I passed on that and peered over at their omelet area. Now that seemed like the winner. That's we're a majority of the people were at, I was already losing my appetite so I didn't actually taste it, but that's where I would suggest someone to try if going here.They also have a fair selection of bagels, cereals, and muffins, but if you're going to pay 17 dollars for a breakfast buffet, wouldn't you want something at least, hot?? There you go, my 2 cents about the mirage breakfast buffet. Sadly, it wasn't great. I'm definitely moving on to the next one when I go back to Vegas.
2	What happened to the Mirage Buffet that I remember from years ago?  We had dinner at Cravings because we were watching a show at the Mirage during our stay in Vegas.  There was no wait for the dinner buffet priced at $29 per person and we were shown to our table.  The buffet has been remodeled since my last visit and it isn't good.  I felt like I was dining in a square shaped school cafeteria and the servers also looked liked they worked in a school cafeteria.....all they were missing was a hair net, lol.  The buffet stations are located all along the four walls of the restaurant and the seating area was in the middle.  No ambiance at all...disappointing.  Our server, Mildred explained all of the buffet stations....seafood, Italian, American, Asian, Salad, and Dessert stations.   My dinner buffet consisted of the following:*  Cold Cracked Crab Legs - They were frozen and were defrosting in the buffet container.  *  Shrimp Cocktail -  Nothing Special*  Steamed Mussels - Again, nothing special*  Sauteed Fish Fillet - Salty*  Sauteed Broccolini - Fresh and delish!*  Salad - Made to order and tasty.  There were also a couple of types of pre-made salads which were fresh.*  Roast Beef - Dry and overcooked.*  Desserts - Cafeteria looking desserts....enuff said.My dinner buffet at Cravings was disappointing.  I only enjoyed my salad and some of the vege entrees for $29....plus, the setting was like a mess hall.  I wouldn't return for dinner again.  2 Stars.
5	One of the top 5 buffets in Las Vegas. Crab legs and prime rib are awesome. Excellent quality and selection. Excellent dessert choices and gilatto bar. This place does not skimp on the quality of their food. We come back here all the time to eat when we are in Vegas.
4	I've only been here for the breakfast buffet, and I really enjoyed everything they offered. But, it's really hard to go wrong with breakfast food.This is where I tried my first eggs benedict and was HOOKED from that point on. Omelettes, eggs, french toast, waffles, sausages, bacon, and more that were good quality and might tasty.Staff was very attentive at refilling drinks, and although it was not super cheap for a weekend breakfast buffet, it was totally worth it! I would definitley go back and fill up at their breakfast buffet.
3	We ate here for breakfast one morning because we had free passes due to booking at the Mirage. It was easy enough to stop by and use those passes one morning. We were seated quickly in this HUGE restaurant. We were offered juice and coffee, included in the buffet. Then we went around to look. We didn't even realize til we sat down that there was an entire other side with even more food. They have EVERYTHING here. Every breakfast food known to man, plus salad, asian food, Mexican food for breakfast burritos, lots of pastries, desserts and more. I had oatmeal, fruit, hash browns, and a cinnamon roll. It was fine. Other mornings, we paid the same amount or less for higher quality food and more manageable portions. I'm just not a buffet person...
4	First off--it's pretty expensive for the dinner buffet. It was 29.99 plus tax for my husband and I to eat as well as our teenage daughter.  Our youngest daughter was a bit cheaper.  Our total bill was 122$ However, the food was delicious. There was a ton of variety and it was absolutely great. There was a section of shrimp/crab legs, Italian, a rotisserie, asian/japanese, and the dessert area was phenomenal. There were some other sections I can't recall.  I think it's a great buffet and it is worth the price IF you are really hungry from walking the strip.
4	It is expensive for the dinner buffet. It was 122$ for 3 adults and 1 child to eat. There was an Italian section, Asian/Japanese, Rotisserie, Seafood, and I may be forgetting one. Also, there was a dessert area. The food was really excellent the night we were there. My only complaint was the crab legs! It looked as if they had simply the shells left. They didn't bother to refill it.  The shrimp was good. My husband thought the prime rib was delicious! I loved the dessert bar and the seafood section. The corn bread was yummy :-).  I recommend eating here IF you are really hungry from walking the strip all day. If you aren't that hungry--the price tag isn't worth it. However, we were all very hungry from walking the strip all day and just hadn't eaten since breakfast. We enjoyed the food and definitely got our money's worth. My husband is a 6'4" 275 man--he definitely got his fill :-)
4	We came here because we were watching LOVE and only had an hour to grab dinner. 29/pp wasn't bad for the food. I had them heat my king crab legs and those came out delicious. The prawns were big and the bay shrimp in different sauces were good. The prime rib could have been better, but it is a buffet.  Our server was attentive, constantly clearing plates and refilling our drinks.
5	i held my lunch meal here for thirty of my wedding guest on june 22nd 2012 the service was really good i give it 5 stars the ppl that got our sodas were quick and helpful to any of our question regarding where certain foods were. There was a large selection and the food was really good. It was a little pricey but it was my wedding day.
4	First off--it's pretty expensive for the dinner buffet. It was 29.99 plus tax for my husband and I to eat as well as our teenage daughter.  Our youngest daughter was a bit cheaper. However, the food was delicious. There was a ton of variety and it was absolutely delicious. I think it's a great buffet and it is worth the price IF you are really hungry from walking the strip. Just be prepared to spend 120$ or so for 4 people.
5	Best breakfast buffet we have ever been to in Vegas. With a price of $15.99 per adult for breakfast, you can't beat this place! Huge variety of food and everything we tried was really good! I don't just mean "buffet food good", I mean actually good!!!! Don't miss this one!
1	Our first Vegas buffet was a big disappointment.  The food did not have much flavor and what they did have had been sitting out for a very long time.  I am an average consumer, no big bank roll, so for $35 a person I was expecting at least fresh.  If I liked crab legs I may have gotten more for my money, but they too had been sitting there a long time and I was not even tempted to try them.
3	I enjoy dining at Cravings when I do consider a buffet as the staff is friendly and accomodating and the food is rather good! The restaurant is clean, modern and has great energy. The best part is the salads which are order as you desire!
3	Okay, okay, okay, so there probably isn't much differentiating buffets in Las Vegas, but I promised myself I'd review every place I ate and drank while visiting.Cravings was our first breakfast stop when visiting - mainly because we had two free breakfast vouchers. The servers were extremely nice, there were SO many food options available (everyone at our table left happy) and the atmosphere was relaxed. If I were visiting Mirage again, I'd probably return to Cravings for breakfast since it's in the hotel.
4	The food here was good and I woul come back. I liked the layout of the buffet where it was spaced throughout the whole room so you didn't get clumping and lines for food. Also, the different styles of food were clearly labeled. They had a wide range of food options, from latin to chinese to barbeque. I wish they would have had more traditional foods though. For example, their noodle bar was more dimsum and Asian oriented but I would have loved an Italian noodle bar similar to that at Treasure Island. Everything I tried was great. The desserts were yummy and included gelato selections. The wait staff was nice and was good at removing your plate. I would come back for sure.
4	Stayed at the Mirage this last trip and gave this place a shot on the last day for lunch.  Reasonable price, the food is surprisingly good.  They have a good selection of Chinese.  Heard roast beef is delish, juicy and tender.  Not much selections for dessert lovers tho.  I would rank this place as my 2nd choice for buffets after Wicked Spoon.
4	This place is always my fav. For the $ you can't beat the selection and quality. While the Wynn & Cosmo have higher quality foods this place has the best variety of good tasting food. The Asian food and pizza is the best. The dessert selection isn't great but the gelato is. I'm not a dessert person so I don't mind. If you love dessert Wicked Spoon is the place to be.
5	Good food. Good staff.We'll be back.
1	Cravings, like The Mirage as a whole,  is FAR BELOW the standard of quality one tends to expect from the better known hotels on the Las Vegas Strip. I cannot fathom how anyone could give this place above one star. My only guess would be that those reviewers just spent a decade or more in prison, and Cravings was the first place they decided to eat upon being released. My boyfriend and I took samples from the majority of the stations and did not find one morsel of quality food. My slice of prime rib was full of fatty pockets, my steamed rice was stale and hard. I mean, seriously, how does one go about messing up steamed rice?? The pizza was flavorless with crust like cardboard and sauce that tasted like ketchup with basil in it. You could find better quality food at Jack in the Box at 3 in the morning on a tuesday night.The one good thing I can say about this place is that our waiter, Dan was very nice and our drinks were always filled. Good looking out Dan, you're a diamond in some deep, DEEP rough.To sum up my experience at Cravings Buffet at The Mirage in two words: NEVER AGAIN!!!
5	If a Killers fan can only go to one buffet in LV, you better choose Cravings at the Mirage. Yes, it's a bit on the pricey side, but this might just be Brandon Flowers' favorite buffet. He said in an interview with Zane Lowe at a music festival- "We've seen James, and Arcade Fire... it's better than a buffet at the Mirage!" More info here: http://thesponge-dani.blogspot.com/2011/10/victims-pilgrimage-killers-fans-guide.html
2	We gave in to Cravings because we had just landed in Vegas and checked into the Mirage and we were starving. I think we paid upwards of $60 for two people which was pretty steep for what we got.At first glance, Cravings looked pretty promising. We started with the sushi station and quickly found out it was absolutely inedible. So gross, dry and hard. We moved on to the prime rib but they had no rare pieces, so that was a no go as well. The crab legs were ok, and we ended up just filling up on the Mexican station which was decent. Things got a little better towards the end at the dessert station. The Mirage bread pudding is to die for and coffee was good too.I would not recommend this to a friend because if I wanted to fill up on Mexican, I could spend WAY less than $60.
3	After reading a bunch of good review about this buffet, as a buffet fan, I decided to give it a try when I come to Vegas on my 21 bday. This craving is good with lots of food culture areas. However, honestly, I am kinda disapointed about the food tasting here. It quite so so but the cocktail is sooo good. Not bad for a try.
4	The Latin and BBQ at Cravings had me sold!  It was REALLY good.  The gelato is also excellent.I gave this place a four because the service was wonderful and the food pretty good.  There were so many options, a lot of seating, and all you can drink beverages. However, I couldn't give Cravings a 5 because the crab is flavorless and the sushi rice was terrible.  It was hard and not so tasty.Other than that, I had a great time at Cravings!  It was fun eating there and worth a try if you are hungry.
3	Cravings is just your typical above average buffet on the Strip and when I mean above average, I mean a notch above Excalibur and a notch below Bellagio in my honest opinion. The service here is excellent and the floor is very clean and well maintained compared to other strip buffets. My favorite part of the buffet is the seafood section because I'm such a huge fan of the big shrimp cocktail and the king crab legs!! Mmm mm TASTY!!...The sushi section offers 4 different kinds of handrolls (Tuna, Salmon, Yellowtail and Scallops), and 3 different kinds of Japanese salad, Soybeans, cut rolls and miso soup.Meat section offers Turkey, Roast Beef, Prime Rib, Barbeque and other stuff. Then they have the Mexican, Italian and deli areas but the section that needs some work is the dessert section because you have to squeeze in between the dessert island and the cake shelf if there are other guests grabbing dessert and it just feels so cramped. Another thing that bothers me is the section between the seafood and Mexican food because you'd have to walk across a small part of the dining hall to get to the other section and I think it would be better if they extended the tile connecting both stations rather then walking on the carpet. Like the other Yelpers said it feels like eating in a cafeteria and I do agree with them. The breakfast buffet was actually excellent but pricey (Vegas strip price) and the omelet was a hit with my eggs cooked to perfection. Just delicious!I would definitely eat here again bit if you want to save some money, go to the buffet and 1 - 2 Hours before lunch or dinner starts to avoid paying the full price.Minus 2 stars for the Dessert section and the layout of the buffet.
3	Went here for lunch since we were already in the Mirage hotel hopping. We didn't plan on eating here the day we went but since we were already here we decided to give it a try. They have a lot of different varieties of food to choose from although some were a little bland, the desserts don't disappoint though  since they have a lot of choices from gelato, cakes, cheesecakes, etc. It was a bit pricey although most Las Vegas Buffets are the same but I've been to better tasting buffets. 3 stars for taste of food, the service staff was great though.
5	This place is great!  Very roomy, and the crab legs were delicious! They had a great variety of food, and it was all top quality.  You get a ton for your money!  In addition, my boy Bill hooked us with a bucket of Budweiser's!  BIIIIIILLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!
5	This Buffet lives at the Mirage Hotel & Casino, & I see a majority of ratings for it at only 4 Stars.  I'm sorry, I can't go with that.  Yes, we can argue that nothing can match the new Bacchanal Buffet at Caesar's, but can there only be ONE 5 Star Buffet?  I don't think so.First off, Cravings here is only $15.99 at the time of this writing, as long as you arrive a bit before 11 AM.  (Otherwise it's $22.99).  I whipped in here today with Robyn N,. & Mike C. & found it to be seriously awesome.  I counted up 197 main food items, & totally loved the food!  Some particular standouts were the Shrimp Louie, the Chorizo Potato Cassarole, the crab legs sliced lengthwise so it was easy to get the meat out of them, the Chicken with Chinese Show Peas which was extra special in flavor, the T-W-E-L-V-E kinds of soup (I'm a soup lover!), & so on.I think this is absolutely a 5 Star Buffet!     :-))
4	10% Military Discount
1	The worst Buffet I've been to in Las Vegas. 0/5 Service: Service could've been a lot better, In a group of 8 plates tend to stack up and our buser was no where to be found. Drinks ran low, also they were stingy on the napkins. Seriously for $29.99 I expected a lot better. 0/5 Food: Wish I had good comments to say about the food but no. The food lacked flavor and the meat cuts has a lot of fat or they were over salted. The seafood section lacked everything. You could tell the grab legs were very thin, dry, and just tasted rubbery. They had small little shot glasses of different shrimps like, shrimp cocktail, shrimp cevice, nothing tasted $29.99.0/5 Price: $29.99 + tax + gratuity. They must know their buffet sucks because they charge you gratuity at the door. This place is definitely NOT WORTH IT.  2/5 Desert: The desert area was very modern and cute probably the only thing good about this place is that it had Gelato and a good amount of variety of choices. 0/5 Ambiance: I felt this buffet was rather small, and definitely not worth it. For 29.99 Dinner I expected a lot more varieties of foods from different cultures but this buffet lacked everything. It was DIRTY, flies were flying around my table as we dined. Very annoying and disgusting. How does a fly get in a casino anyways?
4	Last minute choice turned out pretty good. Some nice people gave us their two for one coupon so we paid only $20.18 for brunch. The selection was okay for the price.  Dessert was good: vanilla chocolate and mint gelato, selfish!
3	Located in The Mirage..Cravings is about 26 a person. Pretty big, and they have their dessert bar, salad section, Greek section, Chinese section, sushi, noodles, raw food, Latin, Breakfast, Italian, and the omelet man. I like how majority of the sections have somebody that can make it for you. Noodle section had a lady who can make you your noodles. Salad bar area had a lady who tossed it for me...........no dirty-ness. The Chinese food was not good at all. Got the fried rice, bok choy, noodles, and egg roll...did not like any of it. They had a good variety for the Latin section most definitely.
4	As usual this buffet doesn't disappoint. The gelato is awesome as well as the cookies we had. The food is really good, except for a few things we had were ok. We had the lunch buffet here. Overall is was a very good experience.
3	We found a coupon at travelzoo.com for $40 for 2 people, all you can eat and all you can drink beer/wine. Although the buffet is huge, meaning the buffet food is all the way around the dining tables, I was less than impressed at the quality of the food.The top sirloin was dry (I like medium rare and juicy), they did not have any hot shrimp dishes only cold, plan shrimp and some shrimp cocktails, the king crab was split in half which was nice, but it was very much 'frozen food' tasting and super salty not at all fresh tasting, and they only had 1 dim sum item (pork 'meatballs' called shumai, which were just okay). Staff was friendly. Don't go at normal eating times, as the line was really long to get in.Keep in mind, I'm not that picky of a person. I like value more than anything, so for $20 per person, I'm not complaining much, except that I think that there are better buffets in the area for a lower price. I certainly wouldn't pay the normal $40+ that it would have cost w/out the coupon. We went to FLAVORS Buffet the next day, and I was much more impressed with the quality of the food. They had an excellent breakfast buffet for $14 or so.
4	As a patron of the Mirage Hotel, our vacation group frequented the Cravings Buffet nearly every morning of our stay. This is one of the best breakfast buffets I have ever experienced. They have the treasured smoked ham that I always seek out when I am in Vegas.  They even had portuguese sausage the first day we were there!I really did a disservice to myself by not walking around to all the sections of the breakfast buffet before picking something to eat; finally on the third breakfast there, my boyfriend took me by the hand and we walked the entire buffet.  They have a meats and cheeses section that reminds me of a traditional european breakfast (one of my favorites!), fruit, an omelette/egg bar, cereal, breads, waffles bar, pancakes, breakfast sausage, bacon, and even featured biscuits and gravy!  The gravy for the biscuits and gravy was a bit on the sweet side for me, but you could tell it was quality and had the right consistency.  Each morning they featured something different. The omelettes were one of my favorites... The chef perfectly prepared the omelettes so they not only look beautiful but the cheese is perfectly melted within the omelette.I love the variety and the freshness of this buffet and will keep coming back!
5	AMAZING overpriced of course. I went for the champagne brunch and they had more different types of delicious food than you could imagine! I mean 3 different types of shrimp cocktail AND any donut/pastry you could imagine? This place rocks- Defiantly worth coming to it and the mirage- one of the best buffets in vegas!
2	This buffet is so so. Certainly not as enticing as the other ones on The Strip.My boyfriend and I had tried all of the most popular buffets and some not so popular buffets on The Strip. The buffet at Mirage was pretty small and did not have many tasty items. Presentation of the food was just as bland as the food. I only remember the chow mein was good but it was probably the MSG or added sodium. The prime rib was anything but tender and very much overcooked.Our server however was very kind but I wouldn't come back.
2	Mediocre. Definitely not worth $29.99.The sushi rice was extremely dry and the "raw bar" was only shrimp and shrimp ceviche. All you can drink beer and wine turned out to be all you can drink Bud Light.There are definitely better buffets in Vegas.
3	My fella and I came here during a weekday for dinner. We had purchased the Travelzoo deal for two buffets with unlimited beer and wine. The place was really dead. We came at a very off hour hoping to avoid crowds and we successfully did this. The staff was attentive and friendly and we never had to remind them for refills or to clear our plates. The line is kept very clean, which is a must when I visit buffets. They don't have a lot of selection and it's kind of difficult to find some things since everything is spread our so far apart. They take minimalist design to the max. They only have 4 or five dishes to choose from for each type of food, which is a little bit of a letdown. Buffets should be all about selection and they don't have a lot of choices. The food was standard. Nothing amazing, but there were a few standouts. I did enjoy the salad bar. They allow you to pick all the ingredients you want and they mix them for you. That was probably my favorite part of the meal. The desserts were limited as well. I ended up with macaroons. They were very good. Warm and chewy, definitely another highlight of the evening.I have to note that our beers were overly carbonated and both my fella and I couldn't even finish half of our glasses. It was Bud Light, which was expected, but it was so bubbly it tasted awful. For the price, we didn't feel ripped off, but we definitely won't be going out of our way to return. Overall, we had a pleasant experience, but it's not one of the better buffets on the strip by any stretch of the imagination. The food is really two star, but the service bumped it up to three star for me.
2	I didn't like anything... Expensive rest home food...  Actually the salad bar was ok, that's why they got an extra star..
3	the buffet was ok.  i dont think there's too many options.  i used a coupon for 2 for $40 with beer and wine.  the food was just average.
5	One of the few buffets I've been to where there's a huge selection to choose from and EVERYTHING is delicious
3	We had a free buffet pass from playing the MyVegas game on facebook. We decided to gave this buffet a shot. It was a mixed experience, here are their good and bad.Good:* The salad station. You mix your bowl and the friendly guy behind the counter will toss your salad. He had all these tricks and it was so fun. The salad tasted great too. Everything were fresh and the raspberry dressing is ohhh yummy.* Cold shrimps for appetizers are delicious.* Great selections of Asian food.* Excellent service.Bad:* Cold Crab legs were still frozen. Not good at all.* Dessert is not their expertise. They are stale and not good. Sweet tomatoes has better cookies than them. Seriously.Overall, it's a bargain if you have free buffet passes or discount. Paying full price? Go to Wicked Spoon. It will be much better.
2	This buffett was a HUGE disappointment. Thank God we got a Travelzoo deal. There was nothing memorable and all of the food was cold. There were also little gnats flying around inside. It was completely dead. Was so happy that our Travelzoo included free beer and wine. Bottom of the barrel taste but that was expected. Could not understand a word our server said (heavy accent). After being disappointed with the fatty dishes I decided to try for the salad. You get to choose the ingredients and they toss it for you. That sounded promising but it was a fail. The lady put way too much of the overpowering ingredients (ie onions) and the salad was ruined. The desserts looked good but they were not. The cheesecake was sugarless and tasteless. The cannoli was not good at all. Even the frosting on the cupcake tasted special. With all of the buffett choices on the strip, this is not a good one. Even with the half off travelzoo deal I would not return to this place. I hear the buffett at the Cosmopolitan is worth checking out so I will do that next time. Oh also the food stations did not have standard dishes as you would expect. Cheese enchiladas at the mexican stand? Nope. Orange chicken or chow mein at the Chinese stand? Nope. So disappointing.
4	Been here a couple of times before and it's very good.  By far the best is the salad area, where they make your salad to your specifications.  Plus they had a couple of others salads, including Israeli salad with bits of falafel in it.  Excellent.Yes, the dessert area isn't that exciting, I think there's WAY too much emphasis on Asian food.  But all in all, you can do a lot worse, but not that much better.
4	I am very impressed about this buffet.I first like it how it's in Mirage. I have always wanted to eat at this hotel but I was not so sure about their restaurants. However, coming to Cravings made me have no regrets about buffets. First off, the interior is extremely nice. You are greeted to a wide space where there are two cashiers, one in front of the other, and there you will pay for your meal. The hosts are nice as well. I like how there are more than one hostess in this buffet because they are able to organize where to sit the customers, so it won't be such a big mess when there are many parties waiting for their seat. The inside of the buffet is wonderful. It has a clean, functional, modern look to it and there are signs of what stations they provide. They provide typical sections such as Chinese, Italian, BBQ, and more. What was really interesting was their salad bar. Someone actually prepares the salad for you the way that you want! I thought that was nice. The food is pretty okay. The crab legs are a bit salty but it's enough to satisfy those seafood lovers. Their jumbo shrimp really gets the brownie points here. They're big and they're not pilled up, like how they do it at other buffets. They put out enough shrimp for you to get enough on your plate. Plus, they offer other ways of eating shrimp. Their food was not dry and I appreciate that a lot. They make sure their foods are fresh and ready to serve. Even their pizza wasn't as hard as cardboard. It tasted fresh! Their prime rib was excellent and even their Chinese food was easy to manage for someone, like me, who can't stand Chinese food as much as they want to. They have a variety of options in each section so you'll  be able to get enough food for the price you pay. One thing that bothered me as a Korean was that they put Kimchi in the Chinese section. Kimchi is an authentic Korean side dish, not Chinese. I hope they make this correction fast. Their plating is absolutely AMAZING! I love how they care about every aspect of the buffet from the interior of the restaurant to the plates and silverware they use. The pictures the other Yelpers provide definitely give you a great idea of how the restaurant is and what to expect. It shows that they value their customers and want everyone to feel that they are eating the best of the best in Las Vegas. Overall, I am a huge fan of this place. I have been to many buffets in Las Vegas and I cannot be any happier about choosing this buffet. You can come here before seeing a show or with your friends before a long night of partying with your friends at the hottest club in Vegas. If there are children part of the party,  come by for their desserts. There are a wide variety of choices from ice cream to cookies and cakes everyone can enjoy. For the parents, a nice sip of coffee will do just right after a delicious meal from many cultures. This is one good stop to go to and there won't be any regrets choosing a buffet instead of a restaurant. There is a reason why this buffet is called "Cravings": everything that you are craving for, you can get it here! :) Bon appetite!
2	We were staying at the Mirage and since we were all really tired from our first day here, we decided to give it a try. We came here for dinner on a Saturday night and we were seated right away.My first impression with this place was that it is very expensive. I believe it was almost $40 a person. I thought the food selection was going to have some good specials and options for that price. Boy was I wrong...I was very disappointed as soon as I walked around and realized that there isn't anything special. In fact, everything they served there you could get at any buffet for more than half the price. The seafood selection was lacking many things that you would normally expect for a $40.00 buffet. There were no crab legs and they had very little shrimp entrees to choose from. On top of that, everything here tasted just okay. Definitely not worth the price!The only thing that was good about this buffet was the fact that they had so many different types of food to chose from. Also, they did have a lot of selection, but nothing special at all. I will definitely not come back here in my future visit to Vegas and I do not recommend this place to anyone, unless they have different rates for lunch.
4	Mirage has always had a nice buffet, and continues to do so.  The restaurant is clean, offers a diverse variety of ethnic foods, and nice high-end choice of food.  I wouldn't say it's the best, but it's definitely well above average.  Bon apetit!
2	Disappointed.Ended up going here for dinner because other top buffets either closed their buffet lines early due to overcrowding or had waits of 2 hours+.  Waited one hour to get in.Not sure why Cravings still appears on many top 10 buffet lists.  The servers were slow, there were limited food options, and the warming stations were not very well attended to.  Lots of items were mislabeled.
3	Been starving for 2 days and finally decided to try this buffet out.. I really love the variety of foods only thing that disappointed me was the red velvet cake was brown and there was only 3 different types of sushi rolls
3	The service was very good. The food was ok. It was nothing like the buffet at Wynn (the crab legs didn't look fresh at all). But overall a good dining experience.
4	I have to say I don't have much experience with buffets in Vegas, and therefore was thoroughly awed and impressed by the selection of food.  Our group got the Travelzoo deal ($40 for 2 people with wine/beer).  With gratuities and tax, it ended up being ~$26.50 per person.  The ceviche was good, and while I don't remember very many things being amazing, everything I had was yummy.  The hostesses and our waiter were super nice, talkative, and always made sure our drinks were filled.  My only regret was that my tummy is too small to try everything they had to offer :(
2	Not impressed by this buffet at all, but at least I got it for free! They had a large variety of foods, much like the newer buffets around. Sadly, their quality is severely lacking.  The carving station was very inconsistent. My prime rib was dreadful, but my bf had a good piece. I also made the mistake of trying some ham, which was salty and dry. As for the seafood section, the crab was actually okay... not awesome but okay.  The shrimp cocktail was not fresh at all though. They had smoked salmon which can't go wrong at all. Desserts: the only thing that appealed to me were the coconut macaroon cookies. The ONLY good dessert. That's really sad because I love sweets.
5	Big fan of this buffet. Great selection of food and always wonderful service
3	A buffet is a buffet is a buffet.Well, almost.We stayed at the Mirage, and received two vouchers for the buffet.  At about roughly $25 per head, we were happy to get in for free.We came in on a Sunday around 4, and the place was pretty empty.  Drinks were brought quickly and consistently to our table.The overall look of the buffet is very modern, very clean.  Stations were spaced out and organized neatly.  There were large options, from seafood, to chinese, to italian, etc., etc.  The food was good!  The seaweed salad was insanely delicious.  I had some veggie sushi, some shrimp, baked salmon...  Finished my meal off with bread pudding and a coconut macaroon.  My husband had and enjoyed the prime rib.The only thing we noticed - you might be better off coming here when it is actually busier, because it looked like a lot of the food had been sitting for a bit.  Busier buffet = higher turnover on the food!!!Anyhow, worth coming to for sure, and we look forward to coming back next trip.
2	There are much better buffets in Vegas at the same price or just a little higher.  A few plus points were the shrimp cocktail and shrimp louie.  The bbq pork bun out of the noodle (your guess is as good as mine) station was pretty good.  They have wonton noodles, but it's not made on order so it sits there soggy.  :(  The sushi looks awful and the Chinese food, even worse.  The rest of the food is passable.  The desserts are displayed inside fridges which make the presentation seem more cafeteria than $30 buffet.  Server was a big plus though.  Always checking on us and making sure we didn't miss anything in the buffet or in Vegas itself.
1	Hostess was incredibly rude. Buffet was not fresh. Certainly would never eat there again
1	Terrible. Used to be the diamond in the rough every year up until this yearly trip. They reduced the cost of dinner to 28 dollars but the food selection is now half of what it used to beAlso, at the start of dinner at around 530pm one would expect fresh food, but most of it had the 4 hour under a dry heat lamp look to it.Asked our server why the food looked stale and he said it shouldn't.. Ill pass it along to the manager *rollseyes*Lastly food quality dramatically dropped. Save your money and goto McDonald's instead for better food quality
4	Huge fan of this place!
5	This was probably the third time we ate @ this buffet. The experience was still the same AMAZING!  The food was delicious & the service excellent!  Champagne brunch totally worth it!  We got a food deal off of travelzoo $26 for two people champagne brunch.  We brought  a large group of 15 & they seated us pretty quickly. The best buffet in Vegas ! Great variety !
1	This place is by far the worst buffet I have been to in Vegas. The service and food combined adds to a negative experience. The boyfriend and I came here for brunch on a weekend because we purchased the Travelzoo deal online. What a mistake. Attitude from the cashier up front and then charging us $1.58 for taxes after the voucher. Are you kidding me? Ugh. Got seated to some uncleaned tables. They probably just wiped it once and set the utensils. The waiter finally walks by after about 10 minutes of sitting and says "What do you want to drink?" "Umm.. good morning to you too. What do you have?" "What do you want?" .....Well, orange juice it is...The food was very mediocre. Eggs Benedict was bland. Sausage patties were hard. Salad was warm. Soup was watered-down. It was a disaster. I do not plan to come back.
3	TOO MUCH FOOD. I always end up eating way too much at Vegas buffets. Mainly because they are so much better than ordinary buffets AND you have to eat enough to make up for the price you pay to get in. As far as Cravings go, it was alright. I ate some stuff that I wish I hadn't tried, and I ate some stuff that I loved. It's always like that at a buffet. I loved the layout of this buffet. It was must less hectic and cramped which I appreciated. It's clean, and typically modern and each section is divided up by the type of food it offers. My sister and I had a fun time trying each section at a time and by the time we got around to every single one, we were barely eating anything we got on our plates (bad bad bad!). I think some of my favorites were the mussels, ravioli, and the shrimp cocktails. My siblings and I also gorged on the nachos we loaded up with toppings. I would pass on the sushi because the rice was just so hard. If you're like us, you will just eat the fish and hide the rice under some other dish. If you're super Korean like my parents, you will like the fact that they serve kimchi. They had a pretty huge selection on desserts. The cupcakes are GROSS so please pass on those. Actually pretty much all the desserts were kind of unappetizing. Some of the cookies were okay but that's about it. My brothers liked the gelato they served but I was too full to try it. BUFFETS BUFFETS BUFFETS. I have a love hate relationship with them. My sister and I burned off most of the calories clubbing later so it's all good. 3/5
3	This should be 3 1/2 stars!  A good buffet, a couple of really good dishes.  But the service holds them back.  We started on journey here on Travelzoo with a $26 voucher for champange brunch - well really champange lunch (11-3, and yes you will wait until 11:00:00 AM sharp, they will count down seconds).  Thursday maybe their most pettty staff.  First impressions are everything aren't they.  After paying our tax of $1.58, we got to see the nicely decorated buffet with everything clearly marked.We still had choices of some breakfast stuff like bacon, sausage, eggs benedict, and they were still running omelet grill to order your own way.  Their lunch selection was decent normal suspects Prime rib, turkey, pizza.  Their shimp cocktail were really nice sized.  Avoid shimp cheviche unless you want to taste dill and no shimp.Okay, good stuff- fried pork won ton, asparagus soup, shimp st louis, tamales, chicken orange, chicken pot stickers, and several nice varieties of salads.. But as usual the dessert table is where this is at..  KEY LIME PIE just get two (three?) pieces right from the start.  Little banana cream pies are quite tasty too.  Coconut macroons were excellent as well.  These are great stand outs here.  We stayed to drink our money on unlimited champange, and had one really excellent waitress (Rene) and a handful of people who really could care less if we were there.Good place to eat with a deal!!
4	This place was great considering we got a travel zoo deal for $13 pp including bottomless mimosas! The pizza and prime rib were surprisingly good and the mini cupcakes and gelato are tasty, too.
2	The service  and presentation were good, for once, at a buffet. The food on the other hand was just unimpressive. It wasn't as bad as the buffet at Paris, which is a completely different review. The buffet offered lots of cheap food nicely presented and most items lacked a palatable meat component. The bowtie pasta had no meat, the hunan chicken was mostly vegetables. This is a review of the champagne brunch only so maybe they held back until dinner time.I arrived back to my table only to notice the plate was full of low quality sausage and carbs. Where the heck was the meat? Did I miss a whole section? I don't like prime rib at a buffet, considering you can't throw a stick without hitting a steakhouse in Vegas so I came here for variety.  I can't eat shellfish so I lost 2 out of 9 whole sections there.Cravings offers a mid-range price for middle of the road tastes and satiates a seafood fix, but otherwise I'd pass.Lastly, I did use a TravelZoo deal and was unaware they charge you tax on top of the deal. It wasn't the fact that it was $2 extra it was partly the fact they waited til I got to the door to tell me and the cashier was useless. She immediately states "want to speak to a manager?" as if it's not her problem and she has no explanation. Why bother? Does anyone else feel like whenever a place uses deal sites the service and selection changes?
3	Another once legendary buffet in Vegas.  This buffet is in need of a makeover, once a jewel in Vegas it now looks outdated to me. There are still a few gems in the food selections kobe beef being one of them, but there are far better buffets to gorge your bellies at.
3	Cravings is a good buffet... but  they need to be more consistent in service and selection to be a great one. They excelled in many selections... the ceviches and shrimp were fresh and yummy, the smoky gouda and wine soaked cheddar and italian meats were flavorful and upscale, the asian pork buns, pot stickers, and eggrolls were fresh and spiced well. Their pizza is really good too! The entree selection is where it falls short. If you want prime rib, your in luck (but even then its a crap shoot, because sometimes they have a medium and a rare cut and sometimes they just have medium), but it is seasoned well and when rare is available, quite good. The other choices are mediocre and just not worth it... chicken, ribs and nothing with panache. The service can be sketchy as well. I overheard the hostess and they had only 8 servers that night so getting a drink was daunting. Desserts are dependent on the evening... sometimes spectacular (blood orange shooters and panacotta with strawberries) or sometime dull ( bread pudding and cupcakes). Welcoming dining room, large and spacious with the food stations all around the perimeter.
1	One word - horrible!!!!  But I should start on a positive. The salad was neat. They make it for you. But have weird asst of fixings and way too much salad dressing. They did have a grilled cauliflower that was yummy. And the pizza was great but not worth $30. Nathan said the prime rib and ribs were yummy and went back for seconds. Of course his last meal was chicken nuggets at noon at the airport. Honestly there was no food here that I liked. The soups are weird colors and look canned and sitting way too long. The sushi was horrible. Dried out. Don't make so much if folks aren't eating it. The pot stickers were greasy. The vegetable spring roll was mostly roll with a few slivers of cabbage and on of carrot.  The potato augratin which is usually hard to pass up couldn't be cut up with a fork.  Overall YUCK!!!Save your money.
4	So, I am a HUGE Dr Pepper fan, and it is so hard to fine fountain Dr Pepper anywhere in Vegas, at least on The Strip, but here, they HAVE IT!!! So I was very happy. The buffet is not the most expensive and we went for the Champagne Brunch so it was great. Unlimited mimosas is always a good idea, especially if they will give you just the champagne without the o.j. ;) . I've been with a group and I've been with just my husband and both times it was easy to get in, not a long wait. The last time we went for mid morning and the buffet had good food, but didn't seem to have a whole lot of variety.
3	The prime rib here is excellent- would definitely go back just for that. I liked how the food was organized by "Latin", "Chinese", "Raw", "Italian", etc, made it very easy to decide where to go. The sushi however looked terrible, and was confirmed by my friend to not be good at all. I would have loved to see more options in the raw section and also in the "noodles" section there weren't any noodles, just rice? All in all, I don't know if I would come screaming back to eat here but it wasn't an unpleasant experience either.
3	Stayed at the Mirage and went for the champagne brunch. It was nothing spectacular but it wasn't bad. They have a very large selection, even for brunch, from sushi to omelettes made-to-order, and the stations are clean. Unlimited mimosas and champagne was a nice touch. We weren't clamoring to go back, but it was convenient and nothing was bad. Honestly I am just not a huge fan of buffets, and Vegas buffets, while grandiose, aren't really an exception for me. There are so many phenomenal restaurants on the strip you can experience for the same price. Service was speedy and friendly. Coffee was kind of weak...
2	03/10/13 BRUNCHI purchased a TravelZoo coupon, entitling spouse and I to a Sat or Sun brunch for 2 w/ unlimited "champagne" (sparkling wine) for $26 (+$1.58 tax, paid at venue, and tip).Why not, I thought. We've never been.Well, there are worse buffets in Las Vegas Valley (I'm talking off-Strip), but this has to be the worst buffet on the Strip. But it's at least passable (I've been to some off-Strip that would curl your hair!), and there were some midway-to-high points in the adventure.Cashier was efficient and accommodating. Table service was great, lovely lady, not very friendly but attentive. She poured us our "champagne", Wycliff (just short of being bad, but drinkable by itself, so I was happy. I ordered an orange juice, swear to god, it tasted like TANG! Childhood memory! EW!So what did we try? A LOT, but nothing from Mexico or Italy. We got lots of stuff from the Asian section. - Edimames: already shelled, nice.- Japanese potato salad: nice.- A little sushi: only the octopus was good, the others were grocery store style.- Chinese buns: spouse liked them, pork & seafood, I only had the seafood, too doughy.- Potstickers: good. Spouse liked these quite a bit, actually.Then on to the seafood section.- Large shrimps: good. But the cocktail sauce was obviously from a jar. Took a little drawn butter instead back to the table, that was nice.- Bay shrimps, various preparations: avoid.- Ceviches: avoid.- Crab legs: the thinnest, chewiest, worst crab legs I've ever encountered. I took only one, ate half, yuck. Never again.Spouse had lots more. What was it? Oh, biscuits/gravy (I tasted, so-so), some kind of potatoes gratin, what else? He was OK with all of it. Me, I had read the ups and downs of the prime rib. "Only get it rare", some have posted here. Well, spouse came back with a small non-rare, and it was so-so, he only ate half. I went, got bloody rare, huge piece, ate nearly the entire thing, I was very happy! Not the greatest prime rib, of course, but still, it was really good, at the end of the savory foods.If there were ever a next time, I think I'd stick to the Asian section, try some of those egg-drop soups, etc.Desserts? Sad. "Mirage bread pudding" was a mishmash of runny bottom of pan with hard-ass top of portion. Not good. The creme brulee was so-so. The only recommended ones we'd say would be the raspberry bar (very fruity, probably jam, but who cares!) and the marshmallows covered in dark chocolate (which were light after a huge meal like ours). To sum up. I would never go there and pay full price. I'd rather spend that money at the new Bacchanal @ Caesars, Wicked Spoon @ Cosmo, Bellagio, ARIA, etc. BUT if you get comp'd or get a great coupon deal, like that TravelZoo, I'd go and make the best of it.
3	I bought a travel zoo voucher for Cravings at the Mirage and so glad I did.  The quantity of choices are slim - compared to other buffets around town but the quality of food was very good.  The only thing I didn't really care for was the desserts.  I felt it could have been better.
4	Great selections, plenty of stations and really good wait staff. This buffet is what the Spice Market used to be like. Creative dishes from different cultures and one of the best desert and cheese bars around. Well worth a trip.
5	love this place!
5	Awesome food.
3	I come to Vegas every year since 1991 for the National Association of Broadcasters Convention and have developed a tradition of starting it on Sunday with a "Champagne Brunch". For many years I did that at the Las Vegas Hilton (now LVH) but this year I had to be at the Mirage for a press event at 2:30 pm so decided to try "Cravings" which is the Mirage's buffet. The food selection and quality was excellent and the service was nice and attentive. There is a selection of sushi and dim sum which complements very well the brunch traditional items such as Benedict eggs, pastries, roast beef etc.
1	I came here at least 3 to 4 times already as we eat at different buffet restaurant every trip to Vegas and always think this is a good place to eat but this restaurant is so down rate since our last time here around New Year 2008. This buffet restaurant had bad service and bad food we did not expect to be at 4 star hotel. We came there the day before Thank Giving 2012 for Dinner with a group of 4 adults and 3 kids. Price is expensive $30/adult and $23/kid but it failed our expectation for the price we paid. The king crab legs were supper dooper salty, I meant very very very salty (they intended so you can't eat)! These crab legs also had the smell of spoil food and the crab meat ( you could see since they precut in half) turned yellowish/ brownish color. I think that why they dumped in more salt in to reserve the food or to masked the taste of bad food. Their meat dumplings (dim sum) filled with undercooked meat clearly visible supper red meat inside and smell bad. I urged to throw up after a bite of it right at the table. After that, I asked to talk to a manager, manager never came and later was told by our Waiter he will tell the manager himself and will talk to the guy who in charge of the dumplings and suggest I get different food. I couldn't pick anything else except for the salad bar and bread that look fresh. Their boiled shrimps on ice smell bad and taste like you eating bad white rice. Their foods and soups are all salty. If you want foods like these you don't have to go to a restaurant and pay that much. You can play with a 5 year old to mix all the ingredients in and it might turn out better. It also take us so long to get our drinks and when we ask for refills, the waiter busy and when we reminded the other waiters who was walking around and another one cleaning up our next table, they said I had to ask the waiter who serve our table. Then our waiter came back after 10-15 minutes. We needed the drink to saturated their salty food but need to wait that long ? I will never ever come back there again. If there is a zero star I would give them a zero. Please don't waste your time and money here.
3	I haven't been to the buffet at the Mirage since before it was renovated and renamed Cravings.  I joined a friend from out of town tonight for dinner.We were pleased with our dinner.  The design is so much more friendly than the old set up.  The only thing I thought was that the seating looked almost like diner seats but that didn't matter.There is a wide variety of stations from which to choose.There are: Italian, carving, Rotisserie, Latin, Raw Bar, Fishmonger, Noodles, Chinese, Salad, and Desserts.  Those are the names on the lights at each of the areas.Standouts tonight were the asparagus, lobster bisque soup--better than what I had recently at a high end Strip restaurant, the ravioli, and the desserts.  I mark them down because their prime rib that was supposed to be rare was more medium than rare even though she cut into a new piece.  I could have told her to cut in the middle, but she took from the end.The dessert selection was nice.  I had some red velvet cake, a cookie, and the newest serving idea--a chocolate shaped mini tea/coffee cup filled with chocolate mousse and topped with whipped cream.Service was very good.  In fact I had to stop her from refilling my iced tea so many times because I was going to a show and I didn't want to have to leave in the middle for a bathroom break.The buffet is priced a little less than the highest rated ones and I can see why.  I can see myself coming back sometime.
2	We went here because we were staying at the Mirage and were too lazy to go anywhere else.  As far as the Las Vegas destination-buffets go, this is not a good one.  The food quality and presentation are significantly below the level of the competition.  That being said, the $25 cost for Sunday all-you-can eat and drink Champagne buffet is actually pretty cheap.   And after a few glasses of Champagne, the food really isn't that bad ... it's the "beer goggle" effect. only with food!
3	This review is for the midweek breakfast/brunch.  We stayed at the Mirage, so the brunch buffet here was convenient.  Unfortunately, even though every day is a weekend in Vegas, it isn't at Cravings.  We missed out on the unlimited champagne that they offer on the weekends.  As far as food goes - they had pretty much everything.  Everything but crepes that is.  The food was okay, but nothing that I have to have again.  In addition to standard breakfast staples, they also had a Mexican section, eggs Benedict, a omelet station and plenty of pastries.  We were semi-attended by a server who provided us with beverages and to clear away extra plates. Nothing special.
2	Good buffet all around, but is sort of missing something...I just can't put my finger on it yet.  Maybe it was the wait-staff and cooks who all seemed tired...there was no energy in the place.  Food was okay except that the sushi we ate was disgusting...the sushi rolls were super hard and was probably sitting out there for a several hours.Cravings was super delicious when they first remodeled and re-opened, but now, they seemed tired, worn and defeated..  Don't give up!
5	I seriously can not get enough of this place. Every time we go to Vegas I have to go here. What you get for the price is just awesome.  I don't know how they are not busier. Yea you can go to a lot of other places and pay twice the price and still not get as good of choices as you can here. You get bottomless mimosas, plus a wide variety of food. Theres crab, asian, mexican, bbq, pho, and almost anything else your heart desires. This time I brought a friend that is vegan and she was still able to eat like a queen.  The dessert station gets better and better every time we go there. The thing that is a little troublesome is that the plates are always too hot at the dessert station, so all my chocolate melts before I get it to the table. I also think having an Ice Cream station would be super cool too! Overall though you have to come here, it's not a super fancy buffet. I am saying for the price though you can't really beat it and I guarantee you will leave feeling full and happy.
4	Our default buffet in Las Vegas is the one at the Wynn. While the Mirage's buffet cannot compare to the Wynn in terms of the setting or size, I was extremely impressed with it for the price point and in relation to the wait.We went for Sunday brunch, which included all-you-can-drink mimosas for $25. There was no line to get in, although there were enough people there that the food stayed fresh. I loved the Asian flair. They had four types of Asian soup at brunch (pho, congee, won ton mein, and some sort of miso noodle soup), each with the appropriate toppings available. They also had cracked crab legs (some of the Vegas buffets only serve crab at dinner), shrimp cocktail, and prime rib.  We were staying at the Mirage, and I would absolutely go back if we were to stay there again. Enjoy!
4	This was a big surprise for $29 dinner.  Had the Wynn the night before and had to make use of the comp buffet tix.  The prime rib was really good.  The desserts were pretty good too.  I liked the pho and wonton noodles minus the wonton.  Loooved the macaroons and the watermelon sorbet.  The server we had was really nice and attentive.
2	Cheaper buffet and they have stations easily labeled by type of food (raw bar, Mexican, Italian, Chinese, etc). Overall I felt the food was subpar compared to other buffets in the Strip hotels but this one is probably a little cheaper. They at least have variety though sadly I found the best things for me were the lobster bisque and the gelato dessert.2 stars for the average food, decent variety, but ultimately disappointing fare. Maybe the variety here just wasn't for my taste buds.Gripes about buffets in general:Buffets are hard to get right in my opinion. The high cost of food just for the variety isn't usually worth it. I'd rather have a hot meal made-to-order, than trying to stuff myself with mediocre lukewarm food.
5	Great buffet!  Love the choices!  Something for everyone!   Great waitstaff!
5	I am sitting here and reading all this reviews wondering why this buffet doesn't have 5 stars. I just left Las Vegas and this was my choice for food my last meal . I think this place is amazing its clean the staff is friendly . People this is a buffet PLEASE stop writing ridiculous demands. My humble opinion is you get your hard earned moneys worth. The food is beautifully made again its buffet is fresh warm the pizzas are tasty the Asian food is great too burger sliders just so delicious. Meats aren't dry. Gelato red velvet cake cookies  cupcakes that are just so cute and great tasting. Great salad bar. For about 20 dollars plus tax you can enjoy all this . People please don't complain about prices you are better off eating here for about 22 dollars (they DO have military discount) than going off some food court. I paid 16 dollars for a slice of pizza and a drink thinking I was saving money . No way ! To wrap this review up ... It's a clean fresh economic and beautiful place to sit down and eat please try .
4	Love this place! The boy and I came here for brunch this past Monday, and were pleasantly surprised. The omelet bar offers made to order omelets and eggs with a variety of filling choices, which we both opted for bacon and cheese and were cooked perfectly. There are a lot of different choices, which is great if your with a group or a picky eater, everything from pizza, Mexican to Asian cuisine and sushi. I only wish we more hungry when we came here.
3	Ok. Less good than anticipated. Expected better quality from The Mirage...especially for the price of dinner buffet.Some items appeared as if they had been there for quite a while.  Station attendants were not present, had to wait at several stations for assistance. Carving,  etc.It was not crowded.Service at tables was very good.
4	We enjoyed our lunch this time around at Cravings.  We've tried The Village at Paris, Spice Market buffet at Planet Hollywood, The Buffet at Treasure Island, and Flavor at Harrah's.  We weren't too impressed at our last visit to Cravings.  It was much better this time.  The restaurant walls are all glass so you can see out and people can see in.  We got a nice table for four in the middle of everything and a nice waitress who brought drinks and cleared the table when she came by.  The first section has someone who is usually making egg dishes.  In our case, omelets.  They will sautee the onions, bacon, and mushrooms and then add it to the omelete.  They have one main guy and he has helpers.  They have a tip jar too.  Next section along the wall was some cooked items, eggs benedict, either waffles or pancakes.  Whatever was there, a customer in front of me wanted what wasn't there. Then there is the meat person.  He had turkey  and prime rib.  The prime rib was well done.  There was au jus and turkey gravy in that section too.  Next was the roast chicken section, fondue and bread/crackers. The fondue didn't harden by the time I got to the table and it tasted okay. The next wall had mexican food, but it wasn't well organized or I was going the wrong way.  I walked by cheese, then the meat, chips, taco, and tortillas, salsa, and enchiladas.  Before I forget, the enchiladas were good.  There was some ceviche and tiny shrimps in little glasses, shrimp on ice in the cubby holes in the walls.  I don't have a good way to describe it.  I tried the clam chowder and it needed pepper.  The texture was clam chowder and it looked good, but it wasn't really tasty.  There was a Japanese counter.  I thought the crunchy spicy tuna roll and unagi roll was too cold.  The Chinese counter had shrimp flavored chips, yummy, but greasy. It was either a gyoza or potsticker and it was on it's own little plate with a little sauce.  It's the presentation. Everything was clean.  Hot and sour soup was the right texture but not enough flavor.  Chinese noodles and rice, sauteed veg and sweet and sour chicken or pork.  I didn't try it. The last section was dessert.  They had mini cupcakes.  I liked the chocolate and regular creme brulee cups.  There were also tiramisu in a little cup and I think it was a berry flavor panna cotta.  And the very end had a gelato section.  The tiramisu gelato was good.There is a lot of food dishes that I'm not mentioning.  The Village was our favorite at one time, same with the others, but we go back and then we are disappointed.  The eggs benedict wasn't very good, the hollandaise sauce didn't stand out.  The presentation is usually much better at Cravings.  There's so much food that we kind of try everything and then we are full.  Summary - Cravings was better than our last trip.  Kids were happy, waitress was nice, no dishes were really bad, everything was clean and presentation was nice.  We'll be back and we'll also go back to the other buffets too.
3	No wait (versus the very long one at the Wynn).  Food was decent (for buffet), though far from spectacular.  Bottomless mimosas.
3	This buffet is mediocre to say the least. Nothing stood out for me. Only thing I liked was the tiramisu in a chocolate cup, but even that I didn't finish eating. Servers however were pretty attentive and fast to clear out dishes and refill drinks as needed. There are so many good restaurants in vegas and being a big foodie I can be abit critical but this buffet was just OK for me. On to the next~
4	One of the better buffets we've had the pleasure of enjoying.My wife and I took advantage of a Travelzoo two for one deal, so dinner was $29 plus tax. The food was way better than other buffets and if you can get two for one pricing, well what can I say... WOW !!!
2	The only reason we ate here was because of the two free buffets that came with my hotel reservation.  Decided to go for breakfast as I would wind up resenting spending a dinner meal here when there are so many awesome dining options in a town like Las Vegas.There are plenty of options but all of them are just OK at best with the lone exceptions being the egg/omlette station where they make your stuff to order and the ham from the carving station.  Everything else was just mass produced, blah food.  Picture over cooked eggs (scrambled, Benedict), bland sausage patties, frozen pizza slices...  We did experience some excitement during the meal when an old lady in her electric cart plowed over another woman who was walking near our table.  When the other woman went flying, she took out a couple empty chairs and just missed wiping out my son!  Thankfully, she seemed to be ok although an incident report was being filled out as we left.
4	Solid buffet. As my usual at a buffet, I was looking for prime rib and shrimp and got both. Crab legs were a great bonus. The sushi rolls were "meh." Lots of good choices and I never got anything that did not taste good. Would go back for sure.
1	My husband is a huge meat eater.  I am a pescatarian.  Although there were many choices here, we agreed, nothing was good.  Seriously.  The best thing was the lobster bisque and cheesy potato (I can't remember the exact name of the potato one) soups, how sad is that?  Very.
3	I had to give this place 3 stars because I honestly expected it to be alot better if I'm going to pay $38 for dinner. It was good and I loved the fact that they had delish primerib and steak. They also had king crab legs, but I like mine steamed. These were cold as well as the shrimp.  They had different types of food like Mexican,  Chinese,  Italian. However, I felt each spot had very few options.  Idk I was just a bit dissappointed. I've been to better buffets in Vegas.
3	I honestly don't like their breakfast buffet, but my husband loves it (hence the three stars). I've been three times, and I would say it's nothing special. I'm not a buffet person at all though so eh, take my review for what you will.I feel like I gravitate towards the same items: eggs benedict (which I eat only a bite of because it's "meh", french toast (I put strawberries and cool whip because I'm healthy like that), cereal (because it's cereal), and maybe a muffin. They have lots of options, but I feel like the food is pretty standard.
4	Have tried dinner here on two occasions..some of the best prime rib on the Strip..excellent BBQ selections..off the casino floor, so its nice and quiet..
4	Went to Cravings for dinner on July 12.  I bought a groupon for 2 buffets and unlimited drinks.  Salad tasted very good.  Loved the prosciutto.  Shrimp appetizer was very good as well.  didnt want to take a risk on ceviche because of large amount of liquor going into body later that night.  Tuna sushi was pretty tasty.  Crab legs were just ok.  Prime Rib was very very good.  other sides were pretty tasty as well.  Deserts were ok, but im not a desert guy.  Unlimited beers was a good pre-game to the night as well.  Next time im in Vegas I will be going back
4	Pretty impressive buffet. I'm sure it's not the best in Vegas, but with the Travelzoo deal this buffet was a steal and quality was good. I loved their smoked cheese. Would definitely come back even without the Travelzoo deal.
4	I got a great deal on Travelzoo and we ate there on July 10.  The selection was really good and the set up is like a cafeteria.  I enjoyed the food too.  The seafood stew are awesome!
4	Very good!!!  Very large selection and service was really good too.Will return. The Mirage is looking good these days.
5	Holy desserts batman! Came here for brunch and it was so damn good. Price was a bit up there but it met the quality of the food and free mimosas and champagne. Just about everything we put on our plate was delish! I couldn't be happier with the whole experience. Our server was a bit short but she wasn't rude or anything, I chalked that up to she was really busy (The place was almost full when we walked in). The husband and I have date night tonight so we'll be visiting for dinner..I'll update and let ya'll know how that part is.
4	Service...goodFood...goodPrices...decent, mine were great though since I had a coupon from fb
4	I've been to the buffet at Wynn and I've been to Wicked Spoon. While both are spectacular choices, I think one of the biggest drawbacks of both of them is that the wait is pretty long. It can be anywhere between 40 minutes to 1.5 hours.You'll never had such a wait at cravings. Since we didn't want to wait that long and we needed some sort of sustenance to soak up all the excess alcohol we drank the night before, we decided to be efficient and go to the buffet downstairs from the Mirage, where we stayed this weekend.We arrived there around 10:30a and zipped pass the cashier since there was no line! For $28, which is $10 less than Wynn and Wicked,  we got not only entry into the buffet, but unlimited mimosas.While I wouldn't say the choice selection here is that big of a range, they did have all I wanted from a buffet. Smoked salmon, check. King crab legs, check. Prime rib, check! But one of the greatest things I discovered at this buffet was that they had Bouillabaisse!! The soup was prepared pretty well, while it doesn't compare to what I had in Marseilles in 2010, it sure hit the spot in my stomach and evoked many great memories from my time in Europe!Overall, Cravings is an underrated buffet you should consider if you don't want to wait at Wynn or Wicked. 4 stars and definitely returning again!
2	We bought a travelzoo voucher for this place. The food was okay, nothing special. I probably wouldn't pay full price. Service was fine. Dessert was probably the best
2	Meh... this place was alright. Nothing spectacular unless you're into sugar free deserts. Lots of those.The 'fresh' crab legs were anything but. There sure were a lot of them though. Same with the ethnic dishes (Mexican, Chinese, etc). Same goes for their BBQ.If you're looking for a good buffet to go to while on the strip, go elsewhere.
1	lousy. had a hard time finding enough to fill a plate. blah. don't waste your money. Worst meal I had in Las Vegas. Hands down. I wasn't alone. The rest of my party felt ripped off and wished we'd gone anywhere else! For a great Vegas buffet, check out the buffet in the Rio!
4	Just got back from Vegas...again.Decided to try Cravings at the Mirage since we were staying there.  We booked through Expedia and they offered 2 free buffets with the stay so we went for brunch on Sunday morning.  Brunch on Sat-Sun come with unlimited mimosas so that was the way to start the morning off!First thing is first...no waiting lines at all!  Everyone packs out the Bacchanal, Wicked Spoon, and other buffets.  So, this was a big plus!Onto the food...  Wow!  I would have paid the $30 bucks for this!  I'm not a huge fan of buffets and I've tried most here in Vegas, and this was right there at the top.It didn't have quite the selection as a Bacchanal, but what was there was just as tasty.  They had omelets made to order, a large breakfast selection including really good eggs benedict, a really tasty Mexican section, cold crab legs, loads of boiled shrimp, an Asian section, sushi section, cold cuts/charcuterie section, and a really nice dessert selection.Servers were great and kept the plates off the table and the mimosa and coffee cups full at all times.I was pleasantly surprised with Cravings and everyone with me said it was just as good as Bacchanal, which is quite the complement.
4	Received two free buffets for stay with the Monte Carlo, and thought we try this buffet from all of the options, I checked Yelp first and this place had the highest rating.  True to form, the selection was good it had a little bit of everything.. but with the little selection this place offers, it was very good.. if you feel like having meat, forget the prime rib and head over to the Italian area, they have grilled steak there that will blow your mind, it was tender and melt in your mouth, the lobster ravioli was excellent as well as the ceviche shots, I just went for the jumbo shrimp.. deserts were awesome as well, I've been to a lot of Buffets and this is one of the better ones!
4	Buffet is okay! Good variety of good! Not the best but pretty good for the price :) I had the prime rib, sushi, crab legs, fried rice (which was a little dry) the green beans, and some other stuff... It was pretty good considering I was a little tipsy :)
3	3 stars for a buffet is pretty good since there are a variety of foods there!  Everything was just okay.  There were some things that stood out a lot such as the lobster ravioli, the dim sum stuff, and the tilapia fish.  Other things such as the sushi, which was cold, some noodles were hard, but overall, everything was pretty good. Love the dessert station!  There is a section for sugar free desserts too so you don't feel so bad for eating it.  There were lots of desserts and my favorite was the tiramisu and some kind of dark chocolate ganache thing. super yummy!  I would probably not come back here but we had some free vouchers so why not!NOTE:-bathrooms located outside of the buffet
3	Ok, buffet but not outstanding.  It was easy in and easy out, but the choices seemes somewhat limited.  My wife did not like the freshness or the the seasoning of the  crab here.  Probably a good choice with coupon for Breakfast or Lunch, but you can do better.
2	The wait was a few mins,there wasnt that many selection food was not that great, great desserts selection,the only part was great was the servers which cleared the plates off reallyquick. Would not recommened anyone coming here. Paid $60 for 2 people so not worth it!!
5	This has to be, hands down, the best buffet on the strip!At breakfast they have a wonderful omelet station. I couldn't get my fill! The guy behind the pan is so sweet and spends time talking to and getting to know each guest!The prime rib was insanely out of the world good! I was surprised at how much I loved it because I am not a prime rib kind of person. I loved how things were in individual servings such as the soy pods. They will make you a personalized salad, but if salad is your thing, you have no right entering a buffet. Leave now!I loved the crab legs, fresh shrimp and so much more. The Latin section was amazing with fresh guac that is heavenly. The pizza is ok, nothing to write home about but it is at the Papa John/Dominios level. I highly recommend it bc they have a full bar, it is super clean, staff is attentive and friendly and they have tons of food.Deserts are plentiful and amazing. They have a great sugar-free selection of ice creams and sorbets!
4	Out of all the buffets I had over my vacation I have to say I enjoyed Cravings the best, great food selection and everything had flavor. The price not bad and the dessert bar yum yum, gilatto!
3	Well my wife and ate here for brunch on the complementary buffet for two courtesy of booking a room at the Monte Carlo through Expedia.  It was a Sunday morning so they were serving mimosas with your meal.  Not a bad start..  As we navigated our way through the buffet if found a decent cooked prime rib..  Next was the pho noodle soup..  Legit! Then I found the cold seafood..  Disappointed..  The crab legs had that fishy smell to it as it was not fresh.  I didn't want to ruin our anniversary trip by spending my time on the porcelain throne  so I took one bite and passed.  The desserts were decent but I have had better else where. Considering that our meal was complementary I would say that it was not bad.  We were full until dinner time. I think it was appropriately 56 bucks if our meals were not on Expedia.  Other than that I would not pay for it.  If your going with the free Expedia meal just a note..  This place had better yelp reviews then the other 5 or 6 places that you have to choose from on the complementary buffet list.  Hope this helped you..  Enjoy yourself in Vegas and don't forget to tip your dealers.  =)
1	The food isn't as great as the buffet at Wicked Spoon or Bellagio's..I bought a travelzoo deal and yea it's for two people and you get 2 wines, but still..the food is eh and not very great in quality. I do like how they have a sugar free dessert bar, but the ice cream was super watery that it melts once it's inside your bowl. The Chinese food pretty much sucked..the crabs weren't bad, I suppose the only thing I liked was the cauliflower and the pork siu mai..lots of salad selection though, so if you're into salad, sure why not..I def wouldn't recommend this place nor would I ever want to go back. A bit of a disappointment and the line was a bit long and confusing because I wasn't sure where the line even started.
3	Come here for lunch, pass on dinner.Cravings has been a permanent fixture on my buffet outings during my last couple of Vegas trips. They get the salad done right (just tell them easy on the dressing) and the duck noodle soup here is good.I am not a big fan of their sushi- the rice is not made properly and it definitely gets you more full than you'd want to. There usually isn't  a line here so that's a plus. Pretty average buffet in my opinion.
2	Food choices seemed excellent until every thing tasted salty. It got to the point where one bite was taken and you knew that that was the end of that food item. The smoked salmon tasted disgusting, as if it was left out for hours. Only edible items: beef pho and tiramisu.
3	My friends and I were able to get this buffet free of charge after redeeming our myVEGAS rewards.  The food was fine, but nothing outstanding.  We were all glad we didn't pay $30 for it.There are a lot of selections including: Italian, Latin, Chinese, sushi, crab legs, American, barbecue, salad bar, etc.  You will easily find something that you like.  I'm a sushi fanatic so I got some.  Nothing to write home about, but it hit the spot.  Dessert was the highlight.  Lots of bite size things to choose from.The staff were all really nice, especially Lucy who was very patient when her printer wasn't working and moved to another station to help us out.
2	Food is great but the drink servers can't seem to make the time to come around and get our drinks refilled (let alone initially filled). They are mostly busy with bussing tables. Management should have dedicated bussers here. It's not the servers fault, they just are over worked. This simple mismanagement overshadows anything else in my opinion. With buffets and restaurants all over the place in Vegas, you have to do the basics well.
4	I enjoyed the place because of its choices from Japanese, Chinese, Mexican, Italian, and American food. It came to to $58 for my husband and I but it was great having free mimosas for the day. The place is very nice and clean and although it seemed they had food from around the world, there was probably only 3 choices of each. But who can even eat that much? I would gladly come here again!
1	Disgusting with a capital D!  The prime rib was as tough as shoe leather, the mashed potatoes came from a box.  30 minutes before closing they had already removed all of the place cards at the stations so you had no idea what you were scooping onto your plate. Paid $30.00 for the privilege of eating here only to spend the entire night sitting on the loo with a garbage can at the ready because my tummy was revolting from both ends. I could eat Hubby's cooking and be sick at home for free. Never again!
4	It was pretty good. Good selection of food. Would not be my first choice to eat.
2	Let me start off by saying, I'm not a big buffet person. The cost of dinner was almost $30, I could of had a nice sit down dinner for that somewhere else. But, much to my joy I happened to hit Pearl on my Mlife card on my last trip so I decided I'd take advantage of the line pass and hit up Cravings at Mirage.Honestly, it wasn't great. If you just want to stuff your face on prime rib and crab legs then, it's fine. The prime rib was the best thing here. But everything else was super mediocre. They have a tiny salad bar, where a guy makes you a salad... I didn't even bother waiting for that. Of all the hot dishes, most were dried out, or picked out. (like there would be ribs, but the mashed potatoes were empty) None of the bread baskets had butter. It also seemed like an odd mix of food...I went on a Saturday night, it was pretty busy, I was surprised there wasn't more of a good selection. There wasn't really anyone even tending to the food which I found strange.Overall, I'd skip it, the food was ok, it's jut not great for the value..
4	Redeemed this buffet from the MyVegas game that I played on FB & I can easily say this place was really really good! Got there around 6ish on a Saturday night, the wait was about 15min. Prime rib was DELISH!!! Our server was so attentive and awesome, and service from the cashier to the cooks were phenomenal. I would definitely be willing to pay full price to come back!
5	I had read mix reviews about this buffet and was a little skeptical at even going but I thought we would give it a shot. Why not its Vegas right and it is about gambling after all right? Was I shocked at the quality and the variety of what they had to offer. Of course I was most impressed with the dessert bar as they had so much to offer. Smaller portions so you could sample more. The coconut macaroons were a huge hit for me as I am a huge fan to begin with. Their layout is a little different than some so make sure you take a trip around their world before you start eating I think you will be surprised.
3	I've been here a couple of times separated by a couple of years.  I liked it better the first time I went.  There is a large selection of items but the best ones were the Asian food and some of the seafood.  None of the food however is outstanding.  The deserts and other items are missing something, maybe they are made from a box instead of from scratch.If you are really hungry and have some time on your hands, it might be a good option but you might be better on spending your money at a restaurant where the food will be higher quality.
2	Complete waste of time. Save your money, time, and appetite and go to Aria or Bellagio. Their breakfast buffet is so limited it's a waste of money at nearly $20 a head before tip. 80% of their stations are closed until 11 so if you want something other than ihop go elsewhere like aria.
5	came with no expectations (had never been)...arrived 4pm last Friday...hardly anyone there (yet the casino was PACKED)...so was a little concerned.  BUT excellent buffet...and HUGE.  literally, so much selection that I was full having only tasted a portion of their offerings.  being a vegetarian, was very pleased that it seemed 1/2 of their stuff was veggie.  very strange/creative selections...with overall good flavors.  potatoes were great (mashed and cut)!  the only negative was the salad bar, which you cannot serve yourself...so I felt obliged to tip.  why can't you get your own salads?  but the salad quality and toppings were good.  pizza was BLAH...oh well, and kinda cold.  overall -- very good deal for just under $30 a pop per person.  give it a go!
1	My cravings went away as soon as I tried this crap. 70bucks for 2 and I was pissed. Not really upset, but come on! The wife gave it a zero. I'm waiting for a new beef strip loin to come out as I'm typing this review hoping to salvage this meal. The first price of beef I had was way over done and been sitting on the line too long it seems like. I don't feel the love in the food here. Maybe it's a Bay thing.
4	Good Breakfast buffet. No wait seating on this weekday at 9AM. Great breakfast selections (lunch stuff opens around 11am). Ok service. Good price at $18 ... Especially compares to yesterday at Wicked Spoon for $28. I recommend Cravings at Mirage.
3	Huge selection of food- and they are set up by stations. We arrived at the beginning of the dinner hour. I could tell the food had been sitting under heat lamps for some time. The pros:Addictive garlic fondue and I ,mean Addictive. I used crostini to dip in and I could have eaten this by the bowl. Very tasty and tender beef ribs. Just the right sizeGelato was very refreshing and a great way to end the dinner Cons:What bread there was - was dry Hardly anybody was there- which says somethingDesserts looked amazing- but didn't live up to what they looked likeCrab had no flavor at all.  Should have had a slightly sweet taste- bit tasteless and small in size.
3	It's clean, large selection, friendly service. The food is average, nothing spectacular. I think that the way the food is displayed and the lay out of the buffet is what makes it pretty appealing. I think the Paris buffet is still better (although I did not get to try the Paris buffet on this trip). The selection of food at Cravings is mostly dishes to make you full and not so much satisfied. The snow crab legs looked great until you start eating it and realize it's just frozen crab legs. Dinner cost us $35pp.
5	Many choices here, environment is nice, servers are good and friendly.I love the name - cravings
3	just some random thoughts on my experience during sunday brunch:crab legs and shrimp cocktails were ice cold as in nearly frozen and biting ice chunkstypical buffet bacon that tastes like it was microwaved carving station lacked premium meats, just your typical roast beef and hamwife said her omelet was very goodwife said pastries were hard and stale tastingcreme brule was disappointing.. the custard part was all thick and hardthey had a wood fired pizza oven that got me excited but the pizza didnt taste much different than your typical buffet pizzawas seated with a good view of the game on during NFL Sunday but only a small % of people there would be able to really see the only TV they had gelato was a nice touch and my favorite thing there, loved mixing the butterscotch and vanilla together and tasted just as good as some gelato stands ive been to.
4	Their Breakfast Buffet was great. I was expecting it to really suck. But it didn't. All tables got orange juice, if you want cold milk you get it, coffee & tea.I loved their omelette station, I was able to pick whatever I wanted with it!My baby loved the choice of bread and I liked how we could toast them right there. I do wish that they had more people manning that station though because it sucks that I had to wait for quite a while.We didnt even get through half of it until we were totally full. I didnt go back because of the price,  its cheaper for me to go to Bouchon and get something because my husband and I eat so little.I guess its great, if the price was lower (maybe like $10) I would be here all the time. At least the hotel should give a discount for people renting rooms there. I stayed at the Mirage for 5 days and they didnt give me anything.Their pastries and desserts sucked though. Didnt like them at all.
4	Fantastic food, great choice and outstanding service. Money well spent, think even better than Bellagio.
2	Food here is mediocre.   Don't waste your money at this buffet.  Only reason we went here is because the hotel comp us.  Every thing barely made par.  Food was just food here.  Only thing I remotely enjoyed was the .... I can't even remember... sad.Oh gelato was good! Two stars for that!!
1	If there is a 0 star rating, I'll definitely rate this place 0!!!!! The desserts r too sweet n seems like out there for a long time. The fruits r not fresh n not sweet. Service is soooo slow. We can't find any napkins when we arrive here. And we need to wait for a long time to get a waiter to notice us. There r so many empty tables and waiters but nobody notice us. The sushi tastes like Mexican food when it is not suppose to.... Wasabi looks liquid but it is spicy enough for me. Crab legs are too salty that I need to drink so much water. Orange juice r too sour. Hot n sour soup is too salty,.. The price is too expensive for this kind of service, it costs around 20 bucks!!!!! I didn't eat any shrimps b/c they look bad... Don't go to this place!!!!!!!
4	Had the champagne brunch here and I thought it was really good. Definitely one of the better Vegas buffets. Weekend brunch is about $32 a person. There was seafood available. I had fried shrimp, crab legs, muscles, and 2 hearty helpings of prime rib because it was so yummy!! There is a good amount of food here and the place is clean. Everything I tried was yummy, except for the wonton soup - that was nothing special. Service was prompt and good. There was also a good selection of dessert and I was too full to try it all. What I didn't like was at the dessert, some of the signs just say "assorted"... as if I know what that includes!!! Anyways, I guess that's why it's a buffet and you can try it all anyways! LOL. They also have gelato here. Seems like most buffets have gelato now... much better than ice cream or worst, soft serve!!!This buffet is worth trying!! I wasn't disapointed at all!
5	Mandatory stop every time I go to Vegas. Love this place
4	Good food, Good drinks, Good price.  We came back the next day, it was that good.
4	Came during thanksgiving and boy was it slow.  I've come before for champagne brunch with friends and that was a 5 star affair, this time it was a 3, so i'll meet in the middle at 4.Prime rib is great here and the crab legs are typically pretty good and cut in half already for you.  Crab legs arent old or anything (or still frozen) and they have taste to them unlike bad ones you get that are dry or flavorless.  Prime rib was served and cut perfectly medium rare. The variety of japanese sushi stuff is pretty weak, and the chinese is just okay.  I do enjoy the cheese/meat area though and some of the other seafood and bbq choices are okay as well.  I'll be back on a brunch morning :).
5	I ate here twice for breakfast, awesome. Great stuff like sweet plantains, lox and bagels, great cheese selection and a great hispanic foods area. When I was here last week it was $16 including coffee and juices, that is a great bargain. I unfortunately did not get the chance to have dinner here, but if you can eat breakfast here then absolutely do so.
5	I've been to Vegas many many times and have eaten at a variety of buffets. I have to say that Cravings has to be one of the best I have ever been too. A lot of variety, delicious desserts, and fresh, hot food.  I definitely will return when we come back again.
4	There is a full, sit down bar with televisions IN the buffet!! Perfect for Sunday Brunch with the football-watching boys.Excellent service in all areas.  Gold stars for the peppy, sweet lady making fresh tossed salads (Sunday 10/6), whose personality alone inclined me to get something healthy for brunch. Fresh squeezed OJ in our truly bottomless mimosas--they didn't ask if we wanted more, they simply refilled;)TONS of choices, quality ingredients.  Vegetarian options including wild mushroom pizza, steamed veggies, tofu salad, miso soup.I was excited about trying a little fish n chips but the fish was dry like jerky;(Lesson learned: stick to veggie food.  I never get excited about buffets, but if I was given a comp to come here again, I certainly would.
3	I've been to this buffet a few times for breakfast now. It offers pretty much any type cuisine you could possibly be "craving"... even in the early morning hours. The food is always fresh and served at the proper temperature.  My husband always makes sure to have an omelet made to order. He really enjoys them, though I never want to waste those few minutes waiting for an egg to be prepared when I could spend that time loading my plate with all those other goodies. The one item I never miss is the warm chocolate bread pudding topped with hot fudge sauce. You can almost taste it now, can't you? ;)
4	Good buffet at a good price. Best ham I ever had was found here at the carving station.  Brunch was a little light on Latin food, hence the four stars. Good seafood options and love how they make and present salads
1	Expensive - they raised the prices $30 a person and food was mediocre at best. Crab legs were still frozen, cake was rock hard, and everything was lukewarm. Only plus side was service was attentive and plates were cleared promptly!
2	As far as buffets go, this one is not on my list of ones that need to be visited again.It was early on a slow night, so there was no line at the register.  The place was practically empty.  So you would think the staff would be attentive.  But that wasn't the case.  Our waiter was slow.  And there was no one at the ice cream stand to dip so I had to wait for about 3 minutes while I yelled back "Hello".The crab legs were okay (they were better at Bellagio and Aria).  The prime rib was about the only good thing there.  For a buffet called "Cravings" there was very little that I was craving.  It was like they were trying too hard to be different.  The only pasta in the Italian section was a filled tortellini.  Do I really need someone to toss my salad?The only good thing is that I was able to get this comped.
1	Don't waste your time.  This was comp so I didn't spend any money... The service? The lady that rang us up was too busy talking to someone else and only half was hearing what were were saying. When we walked in no one was there and I had to ask if we could sit anywhere "oh no!" This lady said. Forget about our waitress who did not smile but asked us " what you want to drink?" I'm not kidding here. The food.. It was a lunch and still breakfast being served buffet. I thought the Chinese food looked good. I grabbed some noodles, asian chicken salad, pot stickers. It was bad! After a few bites I gave up and had a salad ( did someone really need to toss it for me?) I also had some crackers, cheese and champagne. That was my dinner. The dessert was good but hardly enough for a meal conclusion. Save your money people. I will not be back! I even have one more comp to use for this Buffett and I will not be using it!
1	For someone who remembers when this was the class of buffets, the bland dried out $20.00 lunch was disheartening. Hope they can bring it back.
3	Sunday Brunch: cheap champagne, cheap breakfast... if you stick to the basics bacon, pancake, hash browns... you'll be ok... desserts were terrible... but as with Aria, they did have a nice selection of cheeses and deli meats.
2	Had the dinner buffet this evening at The Mirage since the wait for Bacchanal was way too long.  Bad idea. The ambiance was rather cafeteria like & the food wasn't very fresh.  Not worth $40.  The Alaskan king crab legs were very tiny and didn't taste very good. The shrimp cocktail shots smelled & tasted too fishy.  Not very fresh at all.  The fried calamari & fried butterflied shrimp were pretty good, but everything fried always seems to taste good.  The seasoned potato wedges were also pretty tasty.  The $40 did include beer & wine but the food quality was just not worth the money. I'd rather spend a little more money and get fresh, better tasting quality food.  It's not always about quantity as it is about the quality.
5	Waited in line for about 15 minutes on Saturday morning (10:30) before we got to the cashier for possibly the best brunch this trip. Once we paid, we were offered the choice to sit at the bar or wait to be seated. Time was a factor this morning as we had spa appointment in the Mirage Spa. Choose bar seating and it was outstanding, free running mimosas ( what a great way to start the day). I'm sure because we were at the bar I drank more than if I was at the table. Never once did the bartender ever have to ask if I wanted a refill, he was always on top of it. Think I had almost 5 or 6 ! International food stations throughout the space, very we'll signed so you can see the selection from across the room. I stayed close to the bar for Chinese assortments of dumplings, dim sum and wonderful noodle wonton soup !! All with your favourite sauces. As well as assorted sushi and hand rolls, rice dishes and the usual suspects with a bit of a twist.   Tried some shrimp ceviche and it was outstanding. My dinning companion had the breakfast burrito & rosti.  The stations were incredable, and upon leaving saw other types of cuisines I would have liked to have tried,  we were too rushed to thoroughly enjoy the wonderful food here.......will certainly return !
5	Great food and good service. Had all you can drink beer and wine. The seafood is tops. I will be back. A little pricey but you pay for what you get.
5	Excellent breakfast buffet cheaper than most diners around. Line moved quickly. Lots of options to please everyone. The large juice glasses were a Godsend after a long night. Ice cold and no waiting for refills. My husband raved about the mini doughnuts :)I can't comment on the lunch or dinner buffet which drastically increase in price but the breakfast is definitely one of the tastiest best deals in town.
4	I really enjoyed my buffet experience here. So many different options. The desert bar is insane! Probably one of the better buffets on the strip. I can't complain since my buffet was complimentary.
5	all you can drink and all you can eat brunch.  this was the best part of my vegas trip.  also had a buy one get one free...thanks myvegas!!  i will be coming back to this brunch every time i come to vegas in the future!
3	More like 3.5. Went there for breakfast and had a bit of lunch as well. For me, there was nothing special but the food is good, especially veal, Bacon (of course) and most of the dessert.
3	Two important contexts to this review.First, this is only for the Cravings breakfast, and the Cravings brunch (had both).  I make no claims to the dinner service.Second, my evaluation is done from a perspective that I am evaluating a buffet.  I don't compare and rate a buffet with fine dining restaurants.The Mirage breakfast buffet was acceptable, but it would not have been at full price (we were comp'd both times).  The food is typical buffet quality.  Not outstanding and not original.  The options during the breakfast are surprisingly limited.  This is even true at the omelet station where there are a limited number of ingredients.  I walked away full, but felt those who paid full price would have been disappointed.The brunch has many more options and comes with alcohol, however the price is significantly higher (again, I didn't pay it).I'd have a hard time justifying the $20 price for the regular breakfast.  If one has transportation, Sunset Station would offer a better buffet at less than half the price.If you're on the strip and going to pay full price, I think you'd do much better at Cosmo (Wicked Spoon) or Aria.The one place I felt the buffet might have had a slight edge was in the desserts.  Some very good options there.If you're comp'd, it's a fine.  If you've got a two-for-one and you're already there, it's okay.  If you're paying full price, go elsewhere.
4	My mom and I spent the weekend in Vegas for her birthday and on our last few trips, we've been trying to get out and about to some of the highly-rated buffets we haven't visited before. Cravings lived up to its reputation.We walked right in and were seated immediately. I think we came right between breakfast and lunch so it was pretty quiet but everything was available and the food was excellent. I filled my plate up with Asian selections before I even made it to the other side of the buffet so I had to go back for a second plate. :P The dessert offerings were impressive as well. There were plenty of sugar-free options which was nice. Definitely enjoyed this buffet and I would absolutely come here again in the future.
3	Went there during Xmas time and the food was just an okay.... only thing that is really stands out are the prime ribs but other dishes seems to be made by chef-Mike (microwave) and the shirmp cocktails still with full of ice on the shirmp...yikes. the service was slow for our drinks.... overall just an okay experience
3	I was looking forward to trying a buffet in Vegas; last trip here was in 2006. I had only dined at the buffet at Rio back then. The food was good, although nothing exceptional. They feature dishes from many nationalities, plus barbecue, grilled meat, prime rib, and seafood. Plusses were the shrimp, prime rib, and stir fry. Also the squash soup, shrimp ceviche, and guacamole were delicious. Minuses were pasta dishes and Chinese noodle dishes; they had sat out so long they looked dried out. Desserts were great though; try the tiramisu in the chocolate cup.  Atmosphere was a cross between cafeteria and cafe. A bit pricey for what you get.
3	We went to this buffet because of the deal with the Cirque de Soleil LOVE. However, if I had a choice, I probably would not go back. Price is relatively reasonable, but the quality and variety of the food isn't as great. They do have it nicely organized by category, but most buffets do that international theme it seems. Dessert was the best part. Plus the free wine we happened to land on.
4	Loved it.  Got up late and ate a great breakfast/brunch.  A lot of eggs, prime rib, pork products and a bunch of other tasty items.  They have a omelet bar and booze included.Be very nice to the staff and you might get a 2for1 special.  Worth every penny as I did not eat until very late in the evening after gorging.
3	Better than average buffet. We eat here every visit to Vegas. Well, maybe because we stay at the Mirage. Anyway, there maybe be better places out there, but we've had no problems with this place yet.
5	This Buffett lives up to the reputation of awesome Vegas buffets! I think sometimes the quality of buffet food can be iffy, but at Cravings, everything is hot, fresh, and awesome!!! Really loved the make your own salad bar. Also, the dessert options are ENDLESS!!! (Which dessert fans like me will love!!!) would highly recommend this place!!!!
4	No complaints for Cravings, really! I've eaten here twice, both times for a weekend brunch & I love that the selection is not too overwhelming. Organized set-up for the food because it is simply a large oval & nothing in the middle besides tables. The food quality is good. 95% of everything I tried, from the pizza to dimsum, were all delicious. One thing I did not like was their Spicy Tomato Soup. Holy ishhhh, one slurp tasted like a whole bottle of hot sauce. I understand it had to be spicy but it didn't have to be dsfhdkjhsdfkgjfskjldSPICYYYYYY! Besides that one particular item, I liked their food.Don't forget the extensive dessert selection, tucked in the corner. I think I ate too much of the Creme Brulee because it was SO yummy! Really cute arrangement for the sweets but ice cream flavors could definitely improve. They need more, I think.Overall, it's a good place for a buffet. But don't expect it to be Bacchanal or Wicked Spoon-esque. Those are the big league of buffets. I consider this the minor league but consistently yummy food so I'm a fan!
2	Not worth the money stay away!! Sorry I've eaten at a lot if buffets in Vegas and this place really disappointed.
5	To date the best buffet we've had and they have complementary beer and wine for dinner. Most places do not have such exquisite selection of food to select from. Most of the cuisine is prepared freashly in each section. If you're here you should try it.
3	3.5 starsBuffet foods are food made in mass so quality is always pushing mediocre to a little better than that. It is hard to keep quality high but cravings does a good job. They are bigger buffet with a larger variety out there, you are in vegas! For brunch they have an omelet bar, prime rib, snow crabs, lots of asian choices, some dim sum and the usual varieties of sushi and chinese food. They also have  salad and sandwich bar which is great. They have breakfast foods, italian, mexican...there are foods from all parts of the world.The dessert bar has a prettt good selection. I like their bit size selection so I can take a bite out of a variety and not feel guilty. They also have a gelato bar in the far corner which is nice.Of all the buffets in vegas, it is a decent buffet, not best, not worst but a solid buffet to try. Price is fitting for what they offer
4	Over the past week my wife and I ate three breakfasts and one dinner at Cravings. Perhaps the single most influential reason for us coming back so many times was Marivell the cashier who we purchased our buffet from. She was so friendly and kind. We had a number of different servers and they all had their unique characteristics but Marivell treated us with respect and kindness. One of the nicest people we interacted with during our stay in Vegas. The four stars is because the cost was high. I know it is not the most expensive buffet but it was pricey to say the least. The first breakfast we paid full price which was $41 (ish) before the gratuity. Dinner was almost double that. After that we were able to use myVegas points to purchase 2-for-1 coupons which made the price more reasonable. The quality and variety of food was great. So many options and many great tastes. Dinner has even more than breakfast but both have plenty for just about any appetite or desire. Free beer and wine are limitless and included in the price of the buffet. Though I do agree that it is 5 oclock somewhere, I was not up for beer at breakfast though a few others guests were. I did at dinner and also purchased a mixed drink which was made very well. The bartender was nice and much nicer to me since I tipped him rather than demand free beer and grab and dash with it only to return a minute later demanding more still with no tip. That is a gripe on customers not the buffet so I'll leave it at that. Good food and pretty spot-on service from the servers and excellent customer service from Marivell.
3	This was an ok place to eat.. I only give it 3 stars due to the entry fee being WAY TO HIGH for the selection of food. But the taste of the food exceeded my expectations and it had a great atmosphere.
4	After a truly dreadful experience at the Bacchanal Buffet at Caesar's Palace last night (Voted best buffet? By whom? A bunch of drunks?), I was delighted to have just the opposite experience tonight at Cravings! Seriously...from start to finish, it was like night and day!To begin with, the first thing we noticed as we walked in (other than the fact that we WERE able to walk right in) was that everything smelled and looked incredibly appetizing (a real contrast to Bacchanal's rancid-smelling steam tables!). A quick turn around the stations (which are organized in a neat oval, so you can easily see what's available) showed that there was plenty available for us to eat (we're vegetarians, and my husband has a seafood allergy, so we're a little pickier than a lot of buffet diners).Most importantly, everything was beautifully fresh, clearly labeled, and nicely presented. Again, after our experience of wilted greens, dried-out rice and bread, and tasteless pizza the night before, the contrast was striking. This looked and smelled, from the get-go, like stuff we really WANTED to eat rather than something we were settling for.Another important point: When I asked the people at the stations what was in this dish or that, they KNEW, without having to scratch their heads, mutter "I dunno" and go find someone else (yes, we had that experience at Bacchanal as well).Everything I had was delicious (and it was quite a mixture...ranging from vegetable spring rolls from the Chinese station to beautiful Arab-style hummus, tabouli, and FRESH, SOFT pita from the Mediterranean station). I was especially impressed by the range of cheeses in the deli section. Sage Derby! Guinness-laced Irish Cheddar! Yum!Just because, I sampled the pizza as well, and again, the contrast was marked. This pizza was fresh and tasty, and I would have had more if I hadn't had so many other things I wanted to sample.I think my favorite part was the salad station. A nice selection of lovely, fresh greens, and all kinds of toppings and mix-ins...and the entertaining salad chef puts it together for you and tosses it to order for you!I don't eat it myself, but you seafood fans will be happy to know that yes...they have unlimited king crab legs and drawn butter. Every buffet in Vegas has unlimited crab legs. It's a thing.Oh, and did I mention the free beer and wine? That's right...you get all the beer or wine you want as part of the price of your meal (soft drinks as well, of course).And the price? Well, this is Vegas, so it's not not cheap, but it's not bad at $26.99/person (especially when you factor in the drinks). We had a better food selection, MUCH better quality food, a knowledgeable and friendly staff, a better selection of drinks, and just an all-around better experience, at a fraction of the cost. From here on out, Cravings will be our FIRST pick when it comes to buffet dining in Las Vegas!
4	So did breakfast brunch via Myvegas slots rewards and got 2 for 1 special. Normally is $35/ person which is pricey.Included the buffet and all you can drink beer, wine, mimosas which made up for the cost but overall food was good and you have a good selection of type of food from Mexican, Asian, American, etc.Was able to walk right in and seated promptly. If you are staying far I recommend taking the monorail instead of a cab and get off at Harrahs. It's right across the street.
4	Not a mere meal, an event.  At least if you eat (and drink) like I do, it is.  "Buffet, meet Jessica."  *buffet runs away screaming*I can safely say that this is my favorite buffet for champagne brunch in Vegas.  I have now been here three out of the last three times I have been in Vegas and plan to make it four out of four whenever my next Vegas adventure may be.  The mimosas are truly bottomless, and the service is friendly and attentive.   I love that they're open on Saturdays as well as Sundays and especially that brunch runs until 3pm (because let's face it an "early start" is anytime before noon in Vegas time).The crab legs never run out.  They have a beautifully fresh and bountiful seafood section that overflows with an abundance of various shellfish, as well as a tasty selection of hot seafood dishes.   This is what stole my heart and kept me coming back.   I love that they have a wide variety of international cuisines to choose from, with plenty of emphasis on the Asian styles (my favorites!) including sushi, dim sum, assorted pho and ramen soups, Thai, Chinese, and the like.   I tried my first (good) Ramen here, and that is the bowl that first sold me on it as a legitimate cuisine.   There is also a selection of Mexican, Italian, Indian, Mediterranean, and so many other types of food I can't even think of them all.   They also have a nice array more common american-ish foods here including a rotisserie (serving prime rib and other meats), fried everything, any side dish I can ever remember having on my parents' dinner table, a salad bar, and all breakfast-y  foods imaginable including an omelette bar and waffle station. And then there's dessert.  (If you have any hidden nook in your tummy that is not stuffed full at this point.)   A decadent assortment of chocolate and baked everything.  Cue sugar coma. Keep in mind that it *is* a buffet so you are not going to get sushi that is equal to the best sushi restaurant you've ever eaten at or prime rib as good as the Michelin joint up the street ...  but considering how (comparatively) little you are paying the selection, sheer volume, and the fun experience make up for that in my opinion.  I don't consider this my 'fine dining' experience of the weekend... it's more of the 'lets see how many mimosas and crab legs we can shove in our faces in 2 hours then walk around Vegas all drunk-and-full-like for the next few hours' way to start your day/weekend.   For that, I will keep coming back until the mimosas stop flowing.
5	Went here for dinner last night, and had a great time!The service was great.The food was hot and tasted amazing (the buffet divides the food into categories such as Chinese, Latin, barbeque, seafood, Italian, etc.) The price is reasonable, but a little on the high end in my opinion (29.99 each for dinner) The decor inside the buffet was upscale and classy, loved it! Overall had a great time, and would recommend checking it out (maybe for lunch though since the price would probably be cheaper)!
4	Good beer and wine included with dinner... Unlimited. Food was really good and people are friendly.
4	I came here on a Saturday evening, and we got 2 buffets for $42 (We used a casino BOGO, $37.82 with tax). The meal also came with unlimited wine and beer. - We came around 8pm, which was a great time for us because we didn't have to wait in line for a while. There was just 1 couple ahead of us. I thought that was pretty good for a Saturday night. It took less than 10min for us to be seated at our table. - I suggest starting off with the shrimp cocktails and crab legs. The line can get pretty long, but if you time it right, your meal will start off great. The shrimp cocktails are pretty big too compared to Feast Buffet. Crab legs not as meaty as Bellagio. - Their wanton soup was pretty good but not as good as the Rio Carnival World. - Prime rib was average like any other buffet like Feast, but there is no grill if you wanted it Med-well or well done like Sam's Town. - I did enjoy their seafood stew. It had a lot of scallop and clams in it, less small shell bits, few corn. - Avoid the steamed cod. It was a bit tough and flavorless. - Do mack on the BBQ spare ribs! It was tender and so saucy! I loved it. It was especially tasty with the creamed corn. I love corn! :D nom nom- The sushi was filler for me so after a few, I didn't bother getting more- Their dim sum was pretty good. I suggest that you should at least grab one of each. Don't get the Ramen though. The noodle tasted like Maruchan. meehhhhh! But I did really like the egg! - I don't care much for the desserts, but my girlfriend thought it was worth trying. Don't expect to find macarons here though!- Although I did not drink the wine, I did get the beer. The choice was between a Bud Light or a pale ale. Each time I got a drink, there were at least 2 or 3 people ahead of me. I suggest double fisting to reduce the wait time. Haha. - Friendly service. Clean and fine dining.
4	We ate hear on our first night in Vegas after walking around the strip. From the points we received from our My Vegas Slots app, we were able to get 2 buy one get 1 free dinner buffets. The buffet prices is a little over $30 but for all five of us we were able to get them for under $100. There was a large selection but I am sure it is not the best Vegas has to offer. They have Asian cuisine, a not very impressive sushi bar, Italian, carvery, barbecue, ETC. I had the prime rib which was really good and tender. Beyond that my other favorites were the huge split crab legs and giant shrimp cocktail! I enjoyed everything I ate here and would recommend it! This was a good first meal in Las Vegas but I will definately be checking out different buffets because there are so many others!
4	$37 for lunch on a weekend. Includes beer, wine and bottomless mimosas. Just tip the bartender/server.The food is just okay, but hell, I can drink my money's worth here. Prime rib was decent, crab legs not so much. Most items were just okay. Dessert section wasn't extravagant. No line either, so I guess that's a plus or a minus depending on what your perspective is.
5	After reading the mixed reviews, we went to Cravings with fairly low expectations.  We were seeing the Beatles LOVE show later that night, so we got a discount on the buffet.  We were pleasantly surprised though by the quality of the food.  We mainly stuck to the things that looked appetizing and didn't bother trying anything else.  Things I would recommend:-the all you can drink wine (included for free)-prime rib (honestly, the best we had out of all the vegas buffets)-bbq ribs (we preferred them even over the ones at bacchanal)-salmon handrolls (sushi)-gelato (chocolate, pistachio, mint chocolate chip, and vanilla)Overall, the buffet is nothing fancy, but it has a few stellar options!
4	Stuffed!!!Attentive service, bottomless drinks which includes Goose IPA on draft, great prime rib, good selection and all appeared fresh and presented to standard even in last hour of service. Definitely worth a try and for the drinks alone you get your monies worth.
3	It used to have a bigger selection but they closed the back wall. It's one of the better buffets. But nothing amazing. Dinner is a lot more worth then breakfast. Breakfast does not even have a omelet/pancake station which I thought was weird.
5	Im a foodie alll day! And I love a great buffet!  Ive been to a few sense my 30 day business stay in vegas and this is by far the best food good selection and worth the price. Brick oven pizza!  Already open crab legs...so you dont starve trying to get to them lol. And hello to the unlimited wine and beer (self serve) hmm what else well wiat tell you see what I had for dessert in the pics...and the biggest selection ive seen at a buffet!
1	Have been there at the Sunday brunch last year. Ended up in hospital in Page with food poison. I barely survived, because we were in the middle of nowhere, when that started. The doctor said the food poison was from pork - the only pork I had (the only meat at all in days) was the cured ham at the Mirage buffet. So in the end the buffet has cost a few thousand dollars and it took weeks to recover, thank you Mirage!
3	I have been here five times and there is never a line here. I should have learned my lesson by now. The food here is average for a strip buffet. Nothing stands out.The serving layout has changed since my last visit. The area at the far wall where the seafood selections were located next to the bar has been replaced with more dining tables. This means to get from one side of the serving area to the other, you must now carry your plate through the dining area and thread your way through the tables to reach the other side. That's OK unless you've had a few drinks in the casino before your meal.Speaking of drinks, our server refused to take our drink orders for wine. So what's the purpose of placing a drink menu on the table? We didn't find out until after the meal wine and beer are included with the price of the buffet. Oops. There goes your tip.As usual, people keep saying how good the "King Crab" legs are. I want to tell those here on Yelp who keep posting "Yeah, King Crab!" pics, those are snow crabs. You know who you are. They were sliced in half, dry and had no flavor. I've had better in California casino buffets.If you are staying in the hotel and are tired of walking, and just want an average meal, try Cravings. But if you want a quality buffet meal, go over to Bellagio or Wynn.
1	holy moly. the worst buffet ever. it was like a bad hometown buffet. my husband had two small plates and decided he didnt want to put his taste buds through any more misery and just start pounding away at their complimentary  beer. everything was cold and extremely salty. i had a bite of the prime rib and i felt like i just put a cube of salt in my mouth -_- at one point they even ran out of clean plates! this buffet cost more than the wicked spoon (which i love) for two ppl we payed about 65$ this buffet was worth 15.99 per person. will never return
3	My partner and I received a 2 for 1 deal on the buffet.  I was pretty sure I was going to love this buffet, and it was OK at 1/2 price, but I I would not pay full price.  I did not care for the wine at all, and the only complimentary beer offered was bud light. Personally,  I don't consider the free beer and wine a perk.  You pick up your drink from the bartender, so that is a separate tip from you server...not so free since the glass of wine isn't even worth a buck.  There was nothing here at the buffet that wowed me.  My partner liked the prime rib, but as usual he says it tastes like roast beef and not prime rib.  They are too heavy with the peppercorn as a seasoning on the outside.   The chinese broccoli and asparagus looked really fresh and delicious, but looks were deceiving.  They looked fresh, but both lacked flavor, were too oily and tough.   They have someone tossing your salad for you, which is a nice idea to have one person handling all the salad items, but the reality is a long line at the salad bar.....ugh.   Why not hire someone to make fresh sushi rolls instead?   The fresh fruit was nice, but in typical Vegas buffet fashion, the desserts are more for show than for taste.  Even the sorbet was way too sweet and tasted artificially flavored.   Too bad, I like the mirage poker room and would like to visit again and have a nice, reasonably priced buffet on site  next time I visit.
5	Great food, selection, price. The unlimited beer/wine is great too. Dont hesitate.
4	Had a very nice dinner on 4/30/2014 getting one comped dinner using my MLife and myVegas redemptions. Don't forget to process your redemptions at the MLife players card desk first. Got there about 6:00PM and the wait time was very short. Interesting that you can serve yourself drinks and they even have a regular bar in the buffet area. Food was very good overall and salad actually mixed for you, if you want. Shrimp, fish, and veggies were excellent. Only thing that I was slightly disappointed in was their cheeses. I didn't expect a varied selection of cheeses but since it was there, I was excited. But, most of the cheese selections were pretty bland and it appeared had been sitting out for awhile. Decent buffet that I very likely will visit again.
4	Used a 2 for 1 buffet reward from the My Vegas app/game. Two people for breakfast on a week day ended up being $14.03, which is a great deal! After I redeemed the reward on the app I had to visit the Mlife players club to activate it on my card. They suggest that you redeem whatever reward you're going to use the day of, since you only have 24 hours to use it (or you lose it). Redeeming my reward at the buffet was easy, just let the cashier know you're using one and they take care of the rest. The buffet is located at the back of the casino floor, close to Stack. The dining room is huge, and it was packed at 9am. Scored a booth on the side at the end, so we had lots of room. The food choices are expansive! Almost every station was open for breakfast, even the pizza area! They were making omelets and breakfast pizzas, yum! They offered every type of breakfast pastry you could ever want, along with every type of breakfast meat you could ever want. Tons of choices, but if you're vegetarian you might have a harder time filling up. I don't eat pork, so my meat options were pretty slim, but I had more than enough on my plate to make up for it. They have a bar set up in the back - it was open for breakfast but I don't know if the drinks are extra. The buffet areas are a little spread out, but you need to do a little extra walking after eating here lol. I have recommended this buffet to everyone I know visiting Vegas in the near future, it was great! And getting a big discount doesn't hurt, so sign up for the MyVegas game if you want 2 for 1!
5	BEST BUFFET thus far. I've been to Spice Market at Planet Hollywood, Paradise at Fremont Street, Luxor & Excalibur buffets, MGM & also Harras Hotel Buffet. Again...Mirage has the BEST I've had. I came here with my bf, brother, & his gf. they all say they same thing, as they had MGM & Paradise before. I went to every section, from, Latin, Asian, American, etc... Each section, I grabbed AT LEAST one thing from each different culture food. They have lots of desserts too. I'm so happy this place is part of myVegas slots. Definitely happy about that, because I can use my points to get buy one, get one free buffet, or if I have enough points, I can get 2 Buffets for FREE here. Worth using my points here to get the BEST buffet. When visiting Vegas, especially for the first time, you MUST eat here...
3	I used a 2 for 1 deal from myVegas app for dinner.  The setup is a big U and have to trek it from one side to the other. The service was something. Very nice but all they can do is clear the plates. They don't bring you any drinks anymore! You have get your own sodas, juice, beer, and wine. Beer selection is Bud Light or Goose Island IPA. Beer and wine are included with price of buffet.After reading Yelp reviews, I focused only on their chilled shrimp, crab legs, and prime rib. Good stuff. I tasted a pork rib which was alright and really didn't eat anything else. I'm a happy person. The dessert section in most all buffets are a let down, like this buffet too. Save the calories and get more crab legs!
4	On our 4th trip to Vegas, we went to Mirage buffet. there was a good 20-30 min line to get in. Inside, the dining hall was modern like the rest of mirage. But it looked like a big cafeteria hall, without a lot of decor.They had good options like contemporary american, bbq, sushi, mexican etc. Not to mention a wide variety of desserts.
3	Heard that this was buffet underwent renovation and a change in their menu. I was pleased that the buffet came with open bar (on select beer & wine).  Although my lunch meal was free, I felt that this buffet was alright.  Nothing too special.  The asian dumplings, french toast, and lobster ravioli was pretty good.  Other than that, just a typical buffet.  The Buffet at the Wynn was better and worth my money!
4	I visited this particular buffet like 7 years ago and I couldn't recall if it was better than the others or average...I ate at so many buffets that trip, I couldn't compare one to the next.I have forever been playing the Vegas slots game on Facebook and scored a buy 1 get one free for breakfast or lunch.  I like to hit up a place like this before heading back home to fill up so that was the plan.  The meal came to about $10 and some change  for breakfast and I was NOT disappointed.  Whoa...not only did this place have every breakfast item available - donuts, oat meal, eggs, hash browns, bacon, etc but there were so many more additions - fruit, cheese and crackers, PIZZA! Chips and Guacamole! AND unlimited beer and wine.... and no, I didn't partake in that but a fab option!Even without the coupon you could really fill up here to fill you up for breakfast AND lunch so check this option out...such a good deal!
1	Too pricy for a vegan. They don't have that option. Had a bowl of salad. Fantastic salad but rest was blah. Horrible Asian selection. Kimchi & tofu soup was okay but Italian & rest was hohum. Seafood stunk. Meat platters were disgusting to look at but what am I to do with a family of 10. I was out voted. If they had vegan choice at 1/2 price I wouldn't be giving them 1 star. $35 for small bowl of greens is just too much.
4	I usually skip Buffets in Vegas, as most of them are overrated and not very good.  I was pleasantly surprised by the Mirage's Cravings Buffet.  Ate for brunch and they had very good options for breakfast.  The lunch options were a little light, as we arrived before the lunch stations were fully opened, but we still found more than enough to fill our bellies.  How can you go wrong with french toast and berries, eggs, chilaquiles, yogurts, etc!  Mini tiramisu was very tasty! Among the best choices from dessert bar.Service was very good and attentive.  Plus all you can drink beer and house wines.  Great value for your buffet dollars!
1	I KNOW OF NO OTHER BUFFET IN LAS VEGAS, OR ANYWHERE ELSE FOR THAT MATTER, THAT RAISED THE PRICE... AND... LOWERED THE SERVICE!!  After raising their breakfast price by two or three bucks, they now have SELF SERVICE FOR COFFEE, JUICE AND OTHER BEVERAGES.  When those stations are crowded, waiting and spilling is not a fun event at a buffet.  We were told that it was a cost cutting measure so they could fire the bus boys (and girls).  Apparently, this is correct because there were none around, the wait staff bussed the tables. It also seemed that the breakfast choices were reduced.  This buffet was an up and down love affair for us over twenty-five years.  Now it's down for good.  I WON'T GO BACK!
2	Don't go unless you have a comp. No crab legs at lunch (so do dinner if you can). Everything was sweeter than usual (ex: plantains, shumai, seaweed salad, creme brulee). Jumbo shrimp and dessert were solid.There are definitely better buffets in Vegas for the price.
5	The dilemma for having buffet is that they have over 500 kinds of food and how you gonna take them all.My solution is take the food I like first and then take the most expensive dish in the buffet. Lobster. The have nice and actually awesome cupcakes and each and every kind looks cute. And the seating for the is spacious. Worth to take a shot.
5	Yum! This was a great buffet! I used a MyVegas reward for buy one get one free for dinner on a Saturday night. That process was painless and we really enjoyed our experience. When we walked in we were impressed with the layout and variety of food. Even the standard buffet items like pizza and salad were really good! Nothing standard about them! We also did not realize there would be crab legs! So good!!! Two different kinds, both split for you making them easy to eat. We went right before closing but they continued to restock everything very quickly! We also really enjoyed the sushi and of course dessert! Not to mention unlimited wine and beer for free! The white zin was awesome and virtually no line at the bar. Plus you can get a drink in a to go cup before you leave! The best buffet I've ever been to!
5	I like this place better than the Excalibur or Luxor buffet BY A LONG SHOT! Here's WHY..- You can grab your own drinks- wait staff & servers are friendly- the salad bar is cook to order no kids touching the salad- cook to order omelettes are okay- their french toast is good but both times i went I managed to grab the soggy slices left over, still thought they were amazing just wished they were better quality.- not too expensive as long as you 1) use myVEGAS or a hard comp from the M life desk 2) if your nice to the wait staff you might get BOGO cards 5/5
2	The food is mediocre at best and the service is horrible. The server doesn't even deliver drinks to the table.
2	This is probably one of the more mediocre buffets in the strip resorts (for the price).You're unlikely to be bowled over by the selection, or find anything new and exciting.On the plus side, getting wine from the bar was pretty fast and efficient.Theres the typical line of buffet foods from each region: Mexican, Italian, Southern, American etc. With the very stereotypical dishes that people think actually come from those regions..The seats were very uncomfortable... most likely to prevent hordes of the obese from settinling in and eating for the entire dinner or lunch periods. I sort of get that, but most people don't spend hour after hour grazing the buffet, so why should they have to sit uncomfortably?Bonus points for not having long lines at the different buffet stands.. though I wonder whether that isn't for good reason.
4	Came here with a huge party because we had food credits and room keys. Unlimited beer and wine really makes this worth it. But they also have the ultimate sode machine this is a gamecharger because this may have been 3 stars rating. The soda machine reminds me of when I was a kid with a big gulp so entertained! Buffet had a good selection but nothing crazy stuck out. Crab legs, prime rib, gelato and macaroons I had alot of but nothing else was impressive. Better than most buffets on the strip because of the unlimited drinks. I recommend trying it for yourself
2	Just don't. Food was not very good and the price was high. The "complementary" beer and wine offset some of the disappointment. Next time I will hit up the burger place.
2	I'm surprised that majority of the ratings are 4 stars. My guesses are depending on your palate of what you like to eat rather than quality etc. Next is depending on the day you go they may serve better things, lets say the weekend. I came here on a weekday for dinner and i didn't each much because nothing seems good to me. I go to Vegas quite often and pretty much tried 90% of all the buffets in Vegas. Not embarrassed to say, people don't call me a buffet queen for nothing you know. So I am comparing them to each other. Here is a few things in a nutshell:The Chimichurri sauce was extremely spicy without warning. Although I guess its my fault for not catching all the chilli flakes that were in there but it would have been a nice courtesy to put that on a menu card. (minus-1/2 star) The biscuits were hard and cold as if it may injure someone if I threw it across the room. I even questioned if it was suppose to be for display only and I grabbed it by accident since they were cold. (minus-1/2 star) The presentations of the food were ok not great. For a place that big, I would have thought there were a lot of varieties but there wasn't. The seafood are not as fresh as many other buffets I have had in Vegas. The desserts were good but again not great. They had macarons which I love but they were thrown all over the place on a dish. Some fell off to the table and some were pretty broken up pieces that shouldn't be placed there anymore. (minus 1-star)In a way, I kind of like how we can grab our own drinks at the beverage bar yet I also see it as part of a service. So you can be the judge of what floats your boat. The service was great though as the server looked at my receipt while I was getting my food first and when I returned he greeted us my our last names. Very professional. They were friendly and grabs my old plates away pretty quickly. There were ice cream but the person that scoops it was not there. I stood there for almost 5 minutes before she came out from the kitchen. First time this ever happened in Vegas. Don't they have coverage should she need to walk away for a minute?Cost: for about $30/dinner, I have had much better and more variety of selections.  I understand maybe its because the beer and wine are unlimited but think the customer should have a choice to opt out and not pay for that portion if they don't want to drink any alcohol there. (minus-1 star)So overall, this place is descent but seriously for the price you pay, I wouldn't eat there again as I had much better elsewhere for a fraction of the cost. See my other reviews for more reviews on other buffets.
4	Nice place, good food, but pricy. They also have beer, and wine on the house!!!!! Self served soft drinks, the fancy cola machines! :) service was good and staff is friendly! Try to make the lunch buffet bc it's cheaper!
5	This buffet keeps getting better and better. Almost as good as back in its glory days of the 80's and 90's. Cindy is amazing and a huge asset. Food was great, service great and decent price. No matter where we stay in the future, we will always stop for lunch or dinner here.
4	I'm not a buffet person so I was reluctant but the free beer and wine with your dinner reeled me in. The food was pretty good. They had everything from pizza, Chinese, fish, to the carving of prime rib. They even had snow crab legs!! DMD liked them so much he got seconds. My favorite (besides the beer) were the chocolate chip cookies!!! Of course they had more than that for desert but I'm a cookie kind if girl.
4	I would have rated this buffet as a 3.5 star if I could but since they got some self-serve drink machines I thought that was awesome.  The price isn't expensive compared to some other buffets.  Dinner menu was $30 a person which I was not complaining.  We only gave this one a shot because Ceasar's Palace buffet was packed and we were headed to LOVE Cirque at the Mirage so it was perfect.  I've read that some people didn't like having a machine to serve your own drinks.  I found it had tons more selections than any other buffet and if you have a bad server, you won't be getting drink refills without waving them down.  Stop being lazy, it is a buffet and I think self serve drinks just make perfect sense too.  I've experienced at the Wicked Spoon that my server took forever to clear plates and refill drinks.A little thing I noticed was that certain sections they don't refill or replenish the food very well.  For example the Asian food section had a lot of empty items and did not get filled up even by the time we finished eating.  Maybe they just thought no one would get any which does make sense.  Apparently a guest was disgusted that we grabbed the seaweed salad from the sushi area and asked what that was.  When she was told it was seaweed, she had a disgusted look in her face.  Right after she grabbed some sushi which has seaweed wrapped around the rice... Some people are just stupid. Sorry to be so blunt.i will definitely give them another try just for their drink machine.
2	Two words: UNLIMITED BOOZE!However, the food here is whatever considering for a similar price I can go to bachannal or wicked spoon. The food here is pretty in the middle for me. My favorite thing are the king crab legs, prime rib and salmon. However, a lot of the food here were stale or utter failures. I am surprised I didn't break my teeth on the garlic bread here or macarons. Pretty much, some stuff were super cold and old and they just leave it there... they need to do a better job of switching stuff out.However, they have goose island ipa, a solid cab, chard and a solid dessert zinfadel. I hate to admit but the drinks here outrank the food. Compared to the above listed buffets, the desserts here were just miserable. Nothing tasted amazing. If not for my buy one get one free, I would never try this buffet.Just save yourselves the money and go to bachannal.
1	Terrible buffet, probably the worst dinner and breakfast buffet I have been to in Las Vegas. Buffet areas were not very clean. Food was horrible. we first tried for dinner and ate hardly anything and left. They include alcohol in their price but we don't drink so this buffet was quite pricy. They should charge an additional charge if you want to drink and lower the price of the buffet, not to mention once again the food was quite terrible. The breakfast buffet was quite bland and not much of a selection. It almost look like they put out left overs from the dinner buffet the night before. quite strange. Don't waste your money. Never again.......
3	i was excited to try Cravings at the MIrage, as this was my first time going to this buffet.  I love the Mirage, overall as a resort.We went for the brunch buffet on a Saturday  at about 12noon.  It was $35.99 per person including unlimited wine, beer, and mimosas.  We were redeeming a Buy 1, Get 1 Free promotion through the My Vegas Mobile App Slot Promotion.  The redemption process was easy with just 1 single stop at the players club before going to the restaurant.Once we arrived, we waited in line less than 5 minutes and were seated quickly and that process was very efficient.We also noticed that the layout of this buffet was great, allowing for people to flow through the stations quickly.  It never really seemed crowded because of this.  All non-alcoholic beverages were self-serve.  Wine and Beer were obtained at the bar.  Champagne was obtained by the server.As far as the food, I was only slightly impressed.  The desserts were pretty good; however, we both agreed that per our tastes, only about half of the dishes exceeded our expectations, and the others could have been greatly improved upon.  After eating at the Palms Bistro Buffet the evening before, we thought the tastes of many entrees here lacked in comparison.  We also felt it lacked in comparison to others we have been to in the past.  This is not to say that we did not like it; however, if we would not have been redeeming the Buy 1, Get 1, we might have even given it a 2.  In the world of Vegas Buffets, they are also changing things up.  Maybe I will try it again in the future, after trying several more.
5	Just wanted to say thank you, thank you, thank you...to Daniel Freeman, the most excellent bartender and baseball expert at Cravings. All you can drink Goose IPA and chatting up sports is about as good as it gets!  Oh, and there's some pretty good food there, too!
4	I enjoyed the huge selection of food and found it to be flavorful and fresh.I'm don't think it's worth $37.00/person (weekend dinner), but I used the MyVegas "2 for 1" discount  so it was slightly under $20.00/person. It includes "all you drink" beer  and wine (something new) so if you like to drink, it could be a deal for you, but when drinks are comped everywhere [in Vegas] it doesn't seem to be a big deal to me.As already mentioned in other reviews, you have to go to the "bar" or "drink station" for all drinks and refills. So why would anyone leave a tip for the wait staff when you need to get your own drinks?This is my 2nd or 3rd time here, but if you're having to pay the full price to eat here I strongly suggest you to consider going to the buffets at the Wynn, Bellagio, or Wicked Spoon (Cosmopolitan) before choosing Cravings.
4	Amazing Buffet! The food was great! The BBQ tri-tip melts in your mouth. The Asian selection was amazing! I loved everything I ate. The only thing I wasn't super stoked about was the prime rib. A little over cooked for my liking. The desserts however were the best!!! For a buffet the desserts were worth it!
4	We had dinner here in June. It was one of the better buffets I've had in LV. It is a pricy choice, especially on a Saturday night, but worth the time and cost. The Prime Rib was very tender and the seafood was nicely cooked and seasoned. Even the ceviche was pretty good, something that is hard to find. Overall, I think it was worth the premium price, though obviously, it's not an everyday indulgence. I would definitely recommend Cravings to anyone who doesn't mind the expense. It's worth it.
1	We ate dinner here last night, and it was the last time I'll be "taken" again. I'd expect better quality food from The Mirage, but I was wrong. There were minimal meat selections, turkey or prime rib -- with plenty of gristle included. Mashed potatoes were cold and seemed to be from a box. Most food had little flavor or were overly salty. The Asian area of the buffet lacked quality and flavor. The only desert that was good was the bread pudding and the fresh fruit. The other deserts had no flavor. The gelato was gross and melted before I returned to the table. Too expense for crap.
3	I've tried this buffet a few times many many years ago....vague memory.Recently I used the MyVegas '2 for 1' discount to try this place out again (we were starving...so had to look for a nearby buffet).  Pretty wide selection of cultural food, however I think overall they had way too much carbohydrate dishes.  The flavors of each dish per culture were all fairly similar too...not much flavor distinction.  The physical look of the buffet seems a bit outdated as well.  The dessert station wasn't up to par, compared to other nearby buffets.Overall, this buffet has everything you want if you are starving! However, if it weren't for the MyVegas deal that I claimed, the quality of food here would not be worth $37/person.  There are other Vegas buffets on the strip that offer much better quality for about the same price.
4	BREAKFAST BUFFET: Good coffee, sweet fruit, and varied selection! This buffet serves delicious options if you pick up the right things. Be careful with the breakfast pastries because not all of them are fresh. I picked up a stale Danish and cut into a rock solid eggs benedict, and wasn't too pleased. When I came across the breakfast goodies most suited to my palate, however, my tongue and tummy were SO happy!The fresh fruit (grapefruit, honeydew melon, cantaloupe, & pineapple) were sinfully juicy and sweet! I breathed a sigh of relief when I saw the fruit selections were not canned or candied. You could tell they were recently cut straight from the fruits. The French toast was soft, fresh, and full of the delicate flavor of sweet spices--either cinnamon or nutmeg. This tasted elegant when topped with cottage cheese and the delicious strawberry compote at the serving station, which was made with strawberries that had a just-picked flavor and wasn't cloyingly sweet. I didn't grab more of anything else because the combination of quality French toast, cottage cheese, and strawberry compote didn't taste cheap and it felt like I was dining at some elegant breakfast spot! With a bottomless cup of coffee besides my buffet plate, I'd dine here again any morning.
3	The food is ok but definitely not worth the $32. The first section I went to was Asian and I was scraping the bottom of the pan for the white and fried rice. I went back later and the rice still had NOT been replaced. Their " Latin" section is just tamales, rice and beans. Can't say much about the service either, because you get your own beverage. It can be a little difficult balancing a plate of food and beverage in the busy environment.
4	We came for the brunch and some random things really stood out. The fish and chips were surprisingly amazing. I don't really like fish and chips, but my momma told me I had to try them, and shoot momma, they were good! The seafood gumbo/soup was also awesome. It came in small bowls with corn. The french toast and cinnamon bread thing was DELICIOUS.The pizza was ok, the desserts were decent, and the fresh fruit was great! Unlimited beer and mimosas was definitely a plus!
4	I was scared of this place based on some of the reviews I read. We went on a Sunday with one comped lunch, paid for the other. Expectations were low, which I've now convinced myself is the way to go into a buffet. Then you either get what you were expecting or in the case of Cravings, you get more than expected. The day we went in, we didn't know brunch was a special thing. We received not only the option of mimosas, but a wide selection  of beer and wine with our meal at no extra charge. We stuck with mimosas as that just seemed the perfect thing after a evening out on the town the previous night. The pastries were good, better than you get at any free breakfast with hotel stay (comparing it to other hotels we stay at when traveling, not in Vegas). The croissants were cold but were flaky and not overly buttery. Almost the best I've had in the U.S. Bacon was warm and crispy, not overly greasy like typical buffet bacon. We sampled the Asian, Mexican, and Salad areas of the buffet. We liked everything we tried. I did wish the Mexican station had tamales, but that's only because I was craving them. I'm a salad whore and felt their more upscale way of making/serving their salad (they make it for you but you get to pick what goes in it) was a bit snobbish. It's served in these little bowls. Probably good for the average person. When I want a salad, I want a huge plate of salad! Delicious house dressing, btw. While we've visited almost all of the buffets on the strip, I put this one at about #4 behind the Wynn, Bellagio, and Rio (ok, a little off strip but I feel it still counts). We do look forward to visiting again in the future.
3	We have a MyVegas reward for dinner. The free wine were nice but we didnt take full advantage because we had to get to a show. The best thing, in my opinion, on the dinner buffet was the mac n cheese. I tried a few things I wasnt crazy about and went back for more mac n cheese.
2	This buffet has gone down hill since last year. Now you have to get your own drinks, not my idea of an upscale buffet. And the area that the drinks are in now was more food stations before. So there is now less of a selection and food was not very good. But they have added a free beer and wine for all the big drinkers out there.
4	This was my first buffet experience in Vegas by way of a tix 4 tonight kiosk (definitely go there for discount buffet and show tickets). My husband and I did a champagne brunch and the champagne flowed, the crab legs and shrimp were abundant and the food was good overall. Our waitress was very nice and attentive and kept our glasses full. I would definitely return on my next trip to Vegas.
4	We went here for free thanks to MyVegas/Mlife. It's probably one of the better "cheap buffet" options. "Cheap" in price compared to the big names anyways (Bellagio, Caesars, Wynn, etc). Plenty of food options, food seemed to always be fresh, and the desserts were great. If you want ambience / premier service, go to Bellagio or the Wynn, but if you just want endless food for a decent price (or free if you're like us), the Mirage buffet is just fine.We had no wait for lunch entry at 2:30pm on a Sunday. When we left, during dinner entry (around 3:45) there still wasn't much of a line.
5	We got some discount tickets from the discount ticket seller people to go here for $11.99/person and it was worth every penny. The food is really good, they have lots of variety and, when they said unlimited beer and wine, I did NOT expect Goose Island IPA. REALLY, really good place and pretty unbeatable for the money.
3	Not an excellent buffet for the price of $34 a person when I can go to other hotels in walking distance. If you don't want the 50$ buffet credit to go to waste then go for it but otherwise not worth the price. Food was kind of stale, food sections spread out throughout the whole buffet making it a hassle to get from seat to food to other food.
4	It was tasty and fresh everything was full of flavor . They have a whole variety of food and plenty of options to choose from. Did I mention they have an open bar till 3.  Our server was lovely really knew how to keep the mimosas coming. Totally worth your $45 bucks .
2	dinner sucked .... The brisket was horribly tough ... Mac and cheese so flavorless .... Only good thing was the unlimited alcohol included ....thank goodness for the 2 for one coupon bc this place sucked ... Pay a bit more and go to the ceasars!
5	This place is so money and they don't even know it...OK maybe the do.My last time in Vegas we did the Buffet of Buffets pass, and hit Rio, Paris and Planet Hollywood. Overall our verdict was that none of them were that good, with the exception of Paris' brunch being "OK." Due to our experience with those places, I assumed that Cravings would be more of the same mediocrity, but because I had two comped passes I had to at least give it a shot. I was impressed to say the least!The Prime Rib was excellent, they had good beer on tap (Goose Island IPA), options were plentiful and everything was pretty good. I'd take this over Bellagio Buffet any day.
5	My favourite Vegas buffet! I have eaten in many and have tried a  lot but this is my fav!!
5	This may just be my favorite vegas buffet, we came this past weekend thanks to myvegas rewards the food is awesome everything is nice and fresh. The jumbo shrimp is amazing, crab legs are delicious, sopes are great. I didn't try anything that I didn't like. The best and my most favorite part is the desserts. Tiramisu, creme brulee, cupcakes, donuts, pana cotta all incredible I will go back every chance we get the bottomless mimosas, beer and wine make lunch extra fun as well
1	Food was terrible compared to other buffets in vegas. Fortunately,  we had a discount cuz there is no way we would pay full price.
4	Really good buffet, with a carving section, where a chef is carving prime rib, roast turkey and salmon - which tasted awesome.Unlimited beer, wine and soft drinks, without having to wait, for the waiter to get down to your table and serve it. Remember to buy food tickets at Tix4tonight, as you get 30%.Only thing to "complain" about, was the desert section... It all looked good, but could have been better.
1	Worst buffet in all of Las Vegas. Avoid at all costs. Everything is a shade of brown and comes from a can. No creative thought process, no demonstration of any culinary skill or art form whatsoever. If you have or like the sound of screaming children, enjoy lukewarm food that all tastes like chicken, you will enjoy Cravings. We thought we might like this buffet for lunch. It was around $45 USD per person; we both left feeling as if we were cattle being led to slaughter. Few healthy alternatives and supermarkets have fresher and better tasting sushi. By the way, how is it possible to create in edible macaroni and cheese?Cravings buffet made this possible.
4	The prime rib was really good as were many of the other meats.  The desserts were so-so.  Not too long of a wait.
4	One of the best buffets I've been to. Beer, wine and mimosas were included with the buffet. Price is reasonable and most of the food was AMAZING. Plus they have those awesome soda machines that add the flavor syrups to any soda that you like. Only downside was that the waiter cleared our table and we weren't done yet. He did offer to go get us new drinks even though that isn't part of his job (drinks are self-service here).Definitely will be going back here.
2	For a large buffet, their selection is very limited.  The overall quality and number of offerings in not comparable to the better buffets in town. Getting your own drinks is so inconvenient and such a hassle for anyone with kids and older folks and basically anyone who does not want to have to cross half a football field to get a drink.  INstead of placing drink stations around the buffet they have them all on one wall the furthest away from the entrance and food. Since adding the beverage machines, they lost a lot of their more interesting offerings. Very little in terms of vegetables or fresh and interesting salads. Food is all lukewarm and pizza is ALWAYS cold and congealed. The crab legs and free wine and beer during the week is nice. The sushi station is pretty much worthless. They should get rid of it as they offer inedible sushi that people take and throw away.Pasta station has ONE pasta dish and no other selections.The tall blond woman manager is always scowling at guests and makes it uncomfortable to go there. MANAGEMENT: Please ask your staff to focus on making sure the food is not cold and make sure the pizza is fresh and hot? Can you try to add a few more dishes to what is offered?
3	We went here Saturday for dinner. We had a 2-1 coupon. Price was $37 for two people so a good deal. Very large space, open layout.  Been here a few times years ago. I ate mostly the crab legs. Prime rib. They provide a self serve drink area, which I think is good.  You don't have to flag down a staff to get a drink when you want one. We've all been in that situation. Unlimited alcohol, wines and beer. They have a bar area with one bartender working and a bunch of tv's to watch or get updates on games. I wouldn't go out of my way, but if I was in Mirage and hungry, I'd eat there if we had another 2-1 coupon. I wouldn't spend full retail price eating there. Other buffets on the strip are better for same price points.
5	This review mainly goes to the staff at the Cravings Buffet. Do not get me wrong, the food was spectacular, but the staff is what made my experience so impeccable.I went to brunch with my ladies for my best friend's birthday and we chose to come here as our location, since we received a credit from the hotel. What sold us what the bottomless mimosas. Everyone knows you can't have brunch without mimosas and, wow, did those mimosas keep coming. Whenever our glass was almost empty, Brandon, one of the waiters, made sure to refill our glasses. He was so attentive to our table and we really appreciate it.I happened to get some fried rice from the Asian cuisine station, after I had enough breakfast food, and noticed that the rice wasn't fresh. All the other food was so delicious and I didn't want that one thing to be ruined. So I told Brandon that the rice didn't taste right and without me knowing that he was even going to do anything about it, I'm greeted 15 minutes later by Fausto Vela, the Asst. Main Kitchen-Chef, with a huge fresh plate of fried rice for my ladies and I. He said "I hope this is to your liking and if it isn't then we'll make it again." Trust me, it was SOOO SCRUMPTIOUS! So tasty. I was extremely thankful and when I'm in Vegas again I'll be sure to visit and thank them for such a wonderful experience.
5	It's hard to get carried away when you are at a buffet.. As much as I was trying to not go overboard.. I did end up having a Siesta afterwards! The atmosphere is pretty much what you expect for a buffet, informal and open and the staff are not as friendly, more robotic when you ask for assistance but they do their part. Don't expect Michelin star restaurant because buffets are never going meet up to that standard! But the food was surprisingly better then buffets I've had in the pass. There was a very good variety and quality for the price you pay.. $27 something per person for lunch/ brunch. Huge prawns and crab legs all peeled and ready to eat, juicy tender roast beef just the way you like it, a wide dessert range to give you a big toothache, just to name a few.. The food really do hit the spot, get your cravings sorted! ;) oh, drinks are included in the price including all the beer and wine you want!! nb: toilets are outside the restaurants, literally next door.
2	Ate at Cravings on my last trip to Vegas.   I have been to Cravings before, but this time was a bitter disappointment.  You go through the normal buffet queue to arrive at your table and I found that everything had changed since my last visit.  They had waiters/waitresses serving tables, but they have basically been reduced to bus persons.  You have to fetch your own coffee, orange juice or alcoholic beverages.  The food was generally acceptable, but no where near where you'd go out of your way to eat there.  Mirage used to have an outstanding buffet, but I would only eat there now if I was staying at the Mirage and frankly you'd be better off going to Bellagio.
4	Food was pretty decent. Prime rib varied in doneness. The best thing about this buffet was the all you can drink bud light draft! Also another beer and a few wines. But even when we left the bartender put our beers in to go cups! (You have to ask).
5	All you can drink Beer and wine included with the price of the buffet. Go to tix4tonight first to get 50% off and its the cheapest place to get drunk on the strip.
4	This was a meal of convenience as both the wife and I were pretty tired and did not want to leave the hotel.   Food was pretty good for a buffet.   Liked the crab legs the best.  Beer and wine included which was nice.  I was pretty disappointed in the sushi selection but there were plenty of other options.
5	Cravings has an awesome bar staff (as I mentioned in my previous review about Daniel Freeman).  I also wanted to give a big stamp of approval to bartender June (I wrote his last name on a football sheet but lost it).  He seems like he's always having a great time - smiling and joking with the customers -- even idiots like me!
4	Op straat kwamen we tix4u tegen waar je allerlei kortingen kon krijgen, waaronder op dit buffet. Voor 11-13 dollar ofzo kon je hier van 11-15u (ofzoiets) eten zoveel je wilde. Het eten was goed en erg gevarieerd.Wel zat je gewoon binnen in een (koele) ruimte tussen tafeltjes met andere etende mensen. Je had geen uitzicht naar buiten of verdere spannende dingen. Ideaal om goed te eten, maar let wel op, voor je het weet zit je hier best een tijd en tijd kan kostbaar zijn in Vegas.Wifi was aanwezig.
3	Concept of all food stations around in this huge dining room so be prepared to walk off your pounds while eating  in a build in walking path ...It's my first time here in long time was surprised of the cruise line style decor gold silver big columns and mglass ceiling... The uncomfortable chairs and serve yourself  drink stations  do not resemble the elegant Buffett restaurant it used to be. Fun for kids and adults the multi coke stainless stile computerized machine ...back to the future style is an add on for the lots of walking .while dining here. That was my first impression , now the foodVery nice presentation ( eyes eating before ...)  great taste and you can experience Italian Chinese Japanese BBQ Mexican sEtc good variety but bad for the gluten free diet but u won't leave hungry if eat salads... Or unlimited drinks (few alcoholic choices too. Be ready for the ....It feels the food court authomat atmospherePut your jogging shoes and start the track stadium walk
2	I'm not sure if I'm so dissatisfied here of their food & service because we've had better the previous night, but one thing I know for sure is that I will definitely not be coming back here to eat in Las Vegas. The girls and I while coming here to eat dinner before heading out had to wait in a tremendous line, only to find out that there was nobody even seated in the inside of the restaurant! Then we decided to get out food after being seated, only to be let to another downfall. The food quality was horrible compared to other buffets I've been to. The food was not stirred from the workers, as you can see the old residue from the food just sitting there on the food warmers. Also, the taste of the food was to DRY for my expectations, can't say the same for everyone else. However, the buffet did some with an all inclusive bar which includes wines, champagnes, and mimosas too. The highlight of this buffet for myself would probably be the dessert bar for the food wasn't so great.
3	This place has a "to-go" option -- if you are by yourself, this is a great, semi-cheap option of getting buffet type food in a box :)  I got mashed potatos, salad, bacon and mini cupcakes, rice crispy treats. #happytime
3	We ate here twice in two days. The first day was better than the second. The food just seemed better on the first day.Anyway, many things to eat as with all LV buffets. I really liked the biscuits and breakfast items,  seafood soup, the salad and fruit stations. Just so much of everything. I teeter between 3-4 stars as a rating.One drawback. I wish they had a separate option for opting out of the unlimited champagne / mimosa pricing. I don't really care to drink during brunch. Seeing as we went both times over a holiday weekend, we had to pay the higher prices. Oh well, it's Vegas!Cheers to all
4	Had a few drinks at one of the bars in the hotel before dinner and before remembering reading reviews about this place and the free drinks. Darn!The buffet is very nicely set up, in sort of a horseshoe shape with the seating in the middle.  I'm not a huge meat eater but hubs got his fair share and was pretty impressed. Nothing sticks out to me as being particularly great about the food, but it was several weeks ago and I'm not real big on buffets.  Free alcohol and good variety of food make Cravings well worth the price.
2	Don't do it. Just walk away. All of the buffet places make you tip in advance, but this place takes the trophy for least favorite of mine. You tip them well and you get mediocrity when you get seated. The food was disappointing. I did not like my options at all. My bf got all excited because dinner came with all you can drink wine and beer. He didn't like the selections either. You had to get up and get your own drinks and then tip the guy pouring your wine. But..but...I already left you guys a hefty tip when I paid in the 1st place. Why do I have to tip again after each drink I get? Go to Wicked spoons. They bring you drinks and have better food/service. Tip them all you want ^_^ Or if you don't mind paying more make your way to Bachanal Buffet.
4	I am totally a fan of this buffet!! This is te best buffet in Vegas ONLY IF you have it free or at least Buy One Get One Free which can be redeemed with mLife points or myVegas points. I totally enjoyed this buffet for about an hour. We definitely took advantage of the unlimted beer and wine too. It tasted like Sutter Home or Crane Lake wine but I cant complain. The line during Memorial Day weekend was like a 20 minute wait but that's cool bc at least with a buffet once you get seated you start eating vs waiting and then waiting to order, get food made and etc. From what I can remember everything on my plate was good. They had the already cracked crab legs and plenty different options. It was nicely setup and our waitress stayed on top of her game! Overall great buffet experience, but nothing spectaular stood out besides the unlimited beer and wine.
1	Poor quality with cold food and commercial kitchen quality food. Not worth the money. So many better choices for food while in Las Vegas.
2	Free wine and beer now for the price to get in.....but don't expect anything that tastes good....I had the red wine....sad Cab.  I wanted to go back as I remember this being a good buffet.  I went to the buffet and the ARIA the day before.  Don't kid yourself the ARIA is WAY better than this.  This is a very average Vegas buffet.  To give you a little perspective....at the Mirage they have 1 Vanilla Gelato and 1 Chocolate Gelato.  Then 3 Sorbets....At the ARIA they have over 12 Gelato's of great quality.  Even simple things like macaroons are way better at the ARIA.  If you can afford to pay the $8 more run to the ARIA.  You will be able to fill up here but it will all be very average food.
4	I was skeptical about the buffet, as it is $37 per person. However, we would have easily spent more than that at most other places, and I had a 2-for-1 comp since we stayed at the Mirage.Vast array of choices, ranging from Latin, Chinese, Seafood, Italian, Salad, Dessert...the list goes on. The coolest part was unlimited beer and wine, but after two trips to the buffet...there's not much room for anything else!The food was great and mostly fresh. Some items were a little dry, but really, it's a buffet. The dessert options were amazing, so save some room!We went to the Bellagio buffet the night before, and I honestly thought Cravings was better.
5	We've been going to this buffet during our annual Vegas trips for several years now.  This last trip, we went twice, thanks to MyVegas rewards!  I also recommend joining Las Vegas Advisor get receive a 2:1 coupon.  But even without a coupon, this buffet is one of the best.  Not only is the food great, but the service is top notch.  The Asian selections can be a deal breaker for most buffets, but Cravings passes the test with flying colors.  Prime Rib is always first rate which is my go to item.  We've been there for breakfast, lunch, and dinner.  I love arriving around 10:30 to catch the end of breakfast while lunch is being set. The lunch items are super fresh and you can actually be one of the first people to dig in to a fresh tray of potato's.  They recently just added a self service beverage bar.  No more waiting for refills, or to even change your beverage of choice.  They also have freestyle Coke machines.  In the end, the service we've had is always super friendly and efficient. We had so much fun interacting with our last server we tipped him fairly heavily.  Loved it.  If you have limited time in Vegas, or only want to do one buffet without going to Caesars or Bellagio, Cravings is the place for you!
3	i was looking for a quick option for breakfast while walking on the casino floor in the mirage.  i ate breakfast here on 10-26-14 around 8 am.  there was no wait and i was seated immediately.i guess this particular buffet offers FREE wine, beer, and mimosa.  kinda early to have a drink.  depending on what you put on your plate could range in quality from 2-3 star quality of food.  it wasn't gross per se but was just below okay quality.  because i paid for my food i felt personally obligated to consume the food.  lol.  my french toast was soggy.  my bacon was cardboard like.  my breakfast burrito wasn't bad.  the chicken fried steak was about 2 days old.  the non alcoholic drinks are self-served.the service was 3-star and my breakfast buffet was approximately $34.  i don't plan on going back, ever.
3	After eating the buffet at Ceasar's anything would be a hard act to follow.  The food was not too bad for the price was not equal for its value.  They had unlimited house wine and a couple of beers to choose from.  The had a decent selection and the servers were nice.  We ate there around noon on a weekday.  I hear their brunch is better on the weekend.  I would say this was an overall average buffet experience.  Not bad but not exceptional.
3	Came here last year and had a great time. This year we came back expecting the same but instead got a horrible experience. The food wasn't as good as last year. Only good thing is that beer and champagne are limitless.
3	I liked Cravings! The food selection was pretty large. I liked that they had it separated by different themes like Asian, Mexican, and Breakfast. Try the little shrimp shumai-they won't disappoint! I cannot say  I liked the dessert portion very much, which is sad, considering how much of a sweet tooth I have! Overall , you cannot beat the selection, unrushed buffet environment, and of course an excuse to visit the Mirage.
3	Review for breakfast:I had a 2 for 1 discount coupon so for around $8 a person my expectations weren't set too high. I don't like eggs so that immediately puts me out of commission for the omelets, breakfast burritos, and some other things they offer. They have some lunch foods like pizza (it was okay, I tried a little), a cheese/meat board, and a nacho bar. As for breakfast, the ham was tasty, the waffles/pancakes were okay but a little stale/gummy and not up to snuff, the cinnamon rolls/donuts etc. were okay, and the hash browns were tasty (better with pico de gallo). They have a good selection of fresh fruit too so I ate some of that. Most importantly, they offer decent coffee included with your meal and youcan have a to go cup. They offer free wine/beer as well but not free Bloody Mary's or mimosas (weird). This was an okay breakfast and even better with a discount. It's not worth walking across the strip for but is okay if you're in the area. I've had dinner here before and that's better than breakfast.
5	We have a 1/2 off marathon special. For $32 for 2 people this was the best value (marthon special rate) and great food. Everything fresh unlike the bellegio experience. Free beer. Great service. They also have some tv's although small to watch football. Third time here although we're staying at bellegio but each visit had been better than the last.
4	Food Part: Great selection.Decor:   Simple dining table and chair only. Nothing fancy at all.Service: Great.I do like their food selection but the place was  so big compared to Cesar's Palace and that makes me lazy to go and check out what's on the other side. Overall, it was a good try.
1	I give one star because the only thing I ate that was good was the omelette. I mean you can't mess up a bacon and spinach omelette...can you? Everything else was disgusting, tasteless, bland, flavorless and just down right gross. I only tried this place because it was part of the runner perks for the Rock and Roll marathons, so it wasn't a first choice for buffet. Now I know where to NOT go. The "waiters" are not even waiters, they are just busboys. You have to grab your own drink, they don't even bring it for you, including sodas, teas, beer and drinks at the bar, you get yourself. All they do is pick up your plates. So basically its not too much service on their end. It's sad because there alot of food here, but they are all horrible. Pick another place!!!
3	I got a two for one coupon when I stayed at the Mirage and went to dinner at Cravings.  The selection is outstanding and the room was filled with hungry diners. It seems like anything you want to eat is there and many items are delicious.  However, many items are sub par like the sushi.  I've eaten at many sushi places and the sushi here is a D- on the A-F scale. It doesn't compare to the Bellagio buffet
4	One of my favorite Vegas buffets for breakfast/lunch.  Lots of variety and a good price for a nice strip hotel.  Chinese, Mexican, Italian, eggs, pizza, everything.    Best place if you are staying in the Harrah's, Mirage area.
3	It's cheap, without a doubt. $25 per person and they serve all day, unlimited beers and wine.They have King Crab Legs, which are nice. But other food is not too special.I did expect good dessert, however i only felt good with fruit. But we had credits for the room. So it was fine.
2	Compared to other buffets in the Strip, this place is definitely sub par.The dining area looks nothing like a resort standard restaurant.Very limited food options and poorly presented. The only two things that were worth the money were crab legs and prime ribs and theyre not even seasoned well.
5	In my opinion, I think The Cravings buffet is worth the money. First of all, we can get 2-1 lunch/diner deal on myVegas so the price is half. Secondly, the buffet offers unlimited drinks, which is a plus. They also have an amazing drink station with so many selections that can comfort even the pickiest person. The food selection and quality are decent for this price. If you are a cheese lover, this place is for you. They have many expensive kinds of cheese. They often change the foods so you won't have the same dishes every times you go there. Overall is good and this place is always my food destination every time I go to Vegas
2	We use to love coming to Cravings but after last night no more. I get it was a holiday, however for $35 for lunch I expect my food to be good and hot. It was cold and lukewarm. The food was hit and miss, we were so disappointed. Cravings has changed to self serve beverages. Dessert bar need revamping. Bread pudding is delicious but we had to scrape the bottom of the pan. We waited for a new tray but it never happened, we waited 30 minutes but nothing. Gelato bar is food! We tried to give breakfast a try but it was $35 also, didn't want to make the same mistake. Don't wasted your money go across to the Flamingo, their breakfast Buffet was fabulous for $20.
4	Price is fair for a buffet dinner, and the best thing are the Prawn and crab legs.  Surprisingly they sever wine and beer and makes the meal more complete.  The downside is their food variety is not that much and the sushi section is almost non-existent, but can't complain as they are not charging the premium price like Caesar Palace.Not crowded, so it is a very cozy place to have dinner.
5	I love Asisn wonton soup, kimchi but Only buffet on the a strip with all you can drink wine and beer..!They also have omelet station for lunch, also..!They also suger free dessert..!
3	Not the best buffet in Vegas.The food selection consist of Italian, Mexican, Chinese, BBQ and sea.There were not too many options at each and every one of the cuisines. Mexican was basically rice, guacamole, chicken and salsa. Italian was pizza and macaroni, Chinese looked like a skinny version of Panda Express and the BBQ... Well you can call it BBQ if all you like is baby back ribs and potatoes.I gave it star instead of 2 because the staff was friendly and the dessert were good
2	Pretty disappointing - came November 2014 for brunch, and the main course dishes just did not deliver. Yet, from this, I learned a couple of take-aways:1. don't come during the weekends - yes, they serve bottomless mimosas, but if you're a weak drinker like me, you'll most probably better off with other buffets. 2. don't listen to MLife desk - they have no clue on discounts available at the buffets - you can use AAA card for 20% discount on total bill3. weekday buffet is better, yet if you insist on coming weekends, go to Rodizio  instead (heard great things about them and plan on going there next time)4. I would rank Cravings after: Caesar's Palace Buffet, Planet Hollywood, Le Village, the Spice Market, and a slew of others - Cravings just was upsetting. The service was pretty good, but overall - one just has a higher expectation for the food availability and Cravings was not able to fulfill 1/10th of the expectations - but still, I give them credit for the dessert bar and prime roast.
5	Fantastic food! Best buffet I've had on the Strip. So many varieties of food and the desserts were awesome! Definitely check it out!
5	Awesome buffet for good price. We are 7 girls. We bought half price tickets for 2$ and we paid $13 at Mirage buffet. Yes, we got a delicious intercontinental brunch just for 15$. It's really worth for your price. There are different sections for different country food like Chineese, Italin, Latin, Barbeque, Salads, desserts and many more drinks. We really enjoyed each and every food.
2	Dinner buffet. Quality of food was just OK.  Preparation of the food was sub par and about 30% of the food was almost inedible, especially the desserts.   Beverages like coffee and juice vended out of machines into plastic cups is just cheesy.    Spice Market at Planet Hollywood is much much better for the same price.  This is NOT a premium buffet.
2	went here with a family of 12, and we had to wait about 40 minutes even though we called in early. the service and staff were kind of bitter and not very accommodating. they ran out of prime rib and tried compensating for it with corned beef which was awful.the sushi was grocery store grade and the desserts were not fantastic.the rest of the food was pretty average.only good thing, they had pint-sized Nutella ice cream.
2	Got a discount for the buffet from purchasing firstly at the tix4tonight stands. Instead of paying $25, we paid $11.99 and it includes unlimited wine and beer. Food was pretty good but they are doing some construction, so the salad and dessert bar where smashed against eachother. But overall, worth it.
4	Food was great! Service is good! Totally worth it for the price. But be mindful, you'll have to wait for a long time.
2	My friend and I came here on December 21st for dinner after it was recommended to us by the Tix4tonight because it was close to our show's location.  We thought... meh why not? The ambiance of the place was pretty good and the waitstaff there were very hospitable - the only aspects that prevents it from getting one star. Other than that, I would definitely not go back.The food, first of all, was HORRIBLE.  For the price of almost $30, I've never been to a buffet more terrible than this one.  Basically, it's an International Buffet with foods: Chinese, Japanese, Latin, Italian, BBQ/roasted meats, seafoods... and of course all-you-can-drink beer, wine and non-alcoholic stuff.  The crab legs were tasteless, sushi rolls were unimpressive (rice was too hard), their Chinese food consisted mostly of North Americanized creations.  At the Italian stations, their food was lukewarm.   I've walked around the buffet many many circles to find things I'd like to eat but unfortunately didn't have too many things on my plate.  Besides the dessert station which was okay, their food selection, variety and quality was inadequate.  When tasting the food, it just doesn't taste fresh and we were both really really disappointed.
5	Plus 1 for switching to self serve drinks and the choose your flavor Coke machine.  Minus 1 for switch from Gelato to soft serve/self serve.ice cream.
3	My family got this deal where we as a family of five ate dinner buffet for like $40 total which was great. Normally it is $40/person, and after eating here I have to say it's probably not worth $40/person.The food is mediocre. It reminds me of a slightly sophisticated Golden Corral except I think Golden Corral is better value. The Asian food was a bit dry and tasted really Americanized.My sisters really liked the crab legs. I like how there was a vat of butter just waiting for you.The desserts were okay. The fruit was sweet. They had mini fruit tarts which I appreciated because I absolutely adore fruit tarts.
5	This is the only buffet we would eat at during our stay. They had a BOGO deal for our next visit so we came back for lunch the next day. I don't think we picked up anything we didn't like. The prime rib was my must have! Though the ends are a bit dry for my palette, I prefer the middle section where the meat is rare/medium rare. Once they've gotten to that spot, its on like Donkey Kong. I freaking love this buffet. The mimosas are out of this world by the way. They have unlimited beer and wine during the weekday but its a mimosa you want, just go pick up some wine and stop by the drink section, you can make mimosas all day or pretty much anything else you can imagine. I personally liked moscato mixed with cranberry.
4	Free buffet  thanks to myvegas .They have self  serve drink stations  now. Free beer and wine.Haven't been here in a long time , but the food was surprisingly  good.  They have hot and cold crab legs for dinner .Desert station could use a little improvement  though.
2	went to buffet for lunch stupidly thinking I was going to get crab legs. No crab legs just a lot of subpar buffet food.aid $25 for food that tasted like food court fare.  Yuck don't wais your money
3	cocktail shrimps are pretty big... bigger than the ones at Bellagio... lots of crab legs... food is ok here... also all you can drink, they put new machines and you just go and grab whatever you want to drink...
4	Very reasonable price we got via Tix 4 Tonight which was 50%off from regular price.   An awesome deal for New Years week.   We paid $12 pp for brunch mix on Monday.   I loved the Latin food selection and my fiance really enjoyed the meat selection,  including very tender BBQ pork ribs.   We stayed long enough for early dinner which starts at 3pm.  They brought out the amazing snow crabs and roast beef.   The soups are limited but are pretty good. Can't ask for a better deal with this quality of food.  The only down side is the limited selection of food for each ethnic section.   Of course, this deal included unlimited self serve drinks with unlimited selected 2 choices of beer and 5 wine selections.
2	$35 per person (dinner)well, the food is your typical buffet food...most of the food were below average. I am kind disappointed they could't use some better ingredients.Chinese station- eggplant- super saltyseafood bun (my friend tried it and warned us not to get it)dumpling in the noodle soup (my friend tried it said ok, noodle and dumpling not as mushy as we thought since it's not made to order)                              Latin Station- pork chop- overcooked, dry and saltyJapanese station- sushi- horrible (old and cold rice, not so fresh fish)seaweed salad- average                                 Carving station: Salmon- overcooked                          Prime rib- overcooked and really bad quality of meatSalad station- make your own saladEverything is fresh and the woman worked behind the counter was really nice. However they don't have any special ingredient not even arugula. Dressing is pretty standard too. sauteed vegetables or salad from different stations were all not bad.  Mac n cheese- super marshy  (couldn't finish it)crackers with few different choices of cheese- standardhummus with super cold display like pita bread- standardDessert station- nothing looks very appetizing. cream brulee- the caramelized top was such a failure. It tasted like soft syrup layer float on top of it. We normally like cream brulee but it's just bad no one want to get another one.. cookie- alright, your typical cookie.As I remembered the buffet at M resort or Pala were way better for the dessert option. Drink station: iced tea and coffee, standard. The machine made it difficult to make iced coffee your own.also they have unlimited beer and wine if you drink. Didn't try anything else. I actually forgot to try the crab legs and cocktail shrimps!I am quite disappointed the quality of food here that probably not even compare to those casino buffet near LA. Service was fast and nice though. My friend got resort credit for $75 and had 2 buy one get one free deal from MyVegas so the meal was basically free. But if you have to pay for it...avoid at all cost.
3	Basic buffet with basic buffet food. Good. Not great, but for 19.99 (weekday breakfast) it was fresh, convenient, and a good value. Also included some cheap unlimited wine and beer.Includes regular breakfast fare, made to order egg station, carving station, smoke salmon, and pizzas. It's not gourmet but don't expect that and it's just fine.
2	$35 per person. Maybe I expected too much from a Vegas buffet but there were just too many no's about this place. Food was overall just okay (although dessert is a different story). Long story short, not much selection of food, everything was way too salty, the stations of food were usually empty, and the line for the seafood section was ridiculously long all the time. The only thing worth getting here in my opinion was the italian section (and italian is not my go-to food). The pizza was cheesy and good, and the cheese-filled tortellini and ravioli were amazing. The various types of potatoes available were impressive and all delicious. However, everything else in the buffet was at best mediocre. Save some of those calories for dessert - the pumpkin cheesecake, chocolate brownie, and various shooters are all worth getting!
3	Here's another buffet that I've been to on a few different occasions, but I've forgotten to write a review.  The Cravings Buffet at Mirage is certainly not a fancy buffet, but it works in a pinch.  It works even better if you can get it for free, or at a discounted price.  My wife and I used a MyVegas reward and got 2 free buffets to use at Cravings.  Now, I'm thankful that the meal was free, because had I paid full price I don't really feel like it would have been worth it, at least this time.This buffet certainly has a lot of options, it's just that a lot of the food is mediocre.  We came here for lunch, and they still had their homemade omelette station going, so I nabbed one of those.  I enjoyed the omelette, but was having a tough time finding other options that interested me.  They do have a self-service drink station now, which consists of one of those fancy new coke machines.  You can also get coffee, milk, juice, etc.  Or, you can get free beer or wine, but the selection is limited.I feel bad for the servers at this buffet, because they are essentially glorified buss boys.  All they did was clear a few of the plates off the table once, and then we never really saw them again.  It's kind of a pain to walk all the way to the other side of the room every time you need a refill.  No service=No tip.I guess the thing that bugged me the most was their dessert station.  It was noon and they still had several of their breakfast items out there.  Sorry, but I'm not interested in donuts that have been sitting there for a few hours for dessert.  Many of the cupcakes offered were dry, and the creme brulee was subpar at best.  Also, they took away the homemade gelato and replaced it with ice cream machines.  Seriously??  What an awful substitute!Anyway, I don't want to be too hard on this buffet, because it was free.  That said, I'm not sure that I'll be "craving" this place anytime soon.
5	This review is for their champagne brunch only:Came on a Saturday with our myVegas points redeemed and ready to use!However, turns out the BOGO coupons were flying everywhere. And once you are in, they give you some more. So if you're going, I'd suggest hanging outside a bit and asking if people have extra coupon.For $17 a person after coupon, this is a great deal. Unlimited cheap champagne to get the party started along with a ton of food, nothing can go wrong! Our waiter/area table cleaner/champagne refiller was very funny too.I highly recommend this place especially if you have the coupon. Without it, do not come here.
