4	For our 11th anniversary, husband bought me the classic Tiffany bracelet online because he didn't realize there were stores locally.  Well, his measuring my wrist in my sleep, besides creepy, backfired.  He bought the wrong sized.  Instead of sending it back, I thought the family could pop over to the Fashion Show Mall and exchange it.  The gentleman who helped us was super responsive and helpful.  He took care of it quickly.  I would give the customer service FROM HIM 5 stars.I was super paranoid being in there with my 5 and 9 year old.  Apparently, so was a female store employee who just stared at us as if we were circus animals.  Her smurky "you don't belong here" look reduced the store's stars for me.  It's that type of attitude that makes me what to say, "I have a graduate degree and you work at the mall.  Don't be all high and mighty, snotty chick!"  But I just keep my kids in the center of the store and they didn't touch anything.  Quite frankly, they were very well behaved at the moment.  (You know, for being my kids.)
5	I knew what I wanted when I walked in. Waited awhile asked the guy at the door for some help. He said the associates where helping other guest and would be right with us. We looked around the store then the manager came up to us looked us straight in the face said "thank you guest for waiting we will be with you soon."  The manager came and a helped us. It was an awesome experience. They didn't have what I wanted on display so he looked for it for me. Then fitted me with my jewelry choice. Rang my purchases up and thanked us again for waited. Even paid attention to Kyle, my BF and Sophia, the 2 year old with us. Tim offered Sophia her one of my bags and boxes to hold she was very happy. Tim the manager was the best!!
4	Love that this store is conveniently located at the mall. The selection of jewelry is limited compared to the other stores they have on the Strip, but I was happy with the pieces they sold here.Sales staff was friendly, never pushy and did not hover over us while I jumped from case to case trying to make up my mind. They were helpful and let me try on different pendants and chains before I decided on what I wanted. It just so happened though the jewelry piece I picked out just came in and was a brand new design and wasn't listed in the books yet so it took a few minutes to find out.   The only thing we we're not too comfortable with was when they go to ring the sale, your card is taken to another room out of your sight for a few minutes.  Although the sight of your new jewelry in the exclusive Tiffany Blue box is a happy one!
4	Yes, well it is Tiffanys for heavens sake! Very helpful (not pushy sales people) convenient, beautiful store.Window shop mostly, but staff is helpful and friendly.
5	Such great customer service! I had stopped because my necklace I just got for Christmas was about to break on one of the clasps that was attached to the key pendant. I had asked what I could do and the associate ended up exchanging my necklace no charge and in a decent amount of time! While I was waiting, many of the other associates checked up on me and asked if I needed anything. Will definitely come back to this location!!
5	I got to the store as they had just locked their doors to close for the evening, the man locking up saw the look on my face like "noooooo ...pleeaasssse let me in" and unlocked the doors & let me in. I had some earrings to drop off for cleaning , and decided to try some rings on too. The lady helping me was so patient and helpful. I ended up buying the infinity ring. Truly an  awesome customer service experience ..love love love this store !
5	My sales associate that helped me did an awesome job. I told her what I wanted and immediately she pulled my options, and I did find something immediately. The store is beautiful and has a lot of nice things. My items were wrapped in a cute blue box.
2	I don't know what it is with this Tiffany & Co. or if every store is this way.. but I have been here 3 times in the last month and it has been so disappointing. The first time I came, I was shopping for something nice for a friend's birthday. After being greeted by the doorman, I was basically ignored for quite a bit before someone decided to approach me and ask if I needed help. I did. I wanted to look at a few necklaces and earrings that were within my budget. The gentleman quickly passed me off to a different salesperson. Did he think I wasn't serious? The lady who I was passed off to did not look happy to help me either, but at least she did. Where's the enthusiasm, people? Finally, I decided I couldn't find anything I liked for the birthday girl. But I did end up purchasing Tiffany champagne flutes for another friend getting married.The second time I came, I picked up the champagne flutes, which were delivered from the larger store in NY. It was a quick stop. In and out. I couldn't complain. I didn't stay long enough to be too disappointed. But I did wait awhile for the item to come from the back room.The third time I came, I needed help wrapping the champagne flutes! I had no idea that they would come in bubble wrap. It was definitely not presentable. So I brought the box back and asked for help. I wasn't sure what I wanted, I just wanted someone to give me an idea on how to wrap the flutes better. The first lady I encountered said: "they come in bubble wrap, so what do you need?" WOW really lady? I KNOW that. That's why I'm here. I immediately got tired of the rudeness and just asked for Tiffany tissue paper so I could figure something out myself. She said "we only have tiny tissue paper" and gestured 2x2 inch pieces. I gave her a look. So she decided to go check with another salesperson. That second salesperson said they came bigger and that she would go back and get them for me. She definitely took her time finishing up whatever she was doing before heading back to grab paper. She was of little help. But she DID manage to bring back with her a nice lady by the name of Mandy (I think?). Mandy introduced herself as customer service and took her time figuring out how to wrap my flutes. The end product was beautiful! I am so happy that after a string of horrible experiences, that Mandy was the light at the end. I always come to this Tiffany & Co. because of location and convenience, but I'm going to have to think twice next time. One bad experience, I can shrug off.. but the demeanor at this store is consistently sub-par. They need to put some smiles on and act like they like working there. It's a poor impression for such a nice store.
5	I went in a few minutes until closing on a Saturday night and I was helped wonderfully by a women! I'm really grateful she was so nice to answer all my questions and help me figure out the right size for the necklace I was purchasing. The security guards closed the doors and the women still was happy to help even though she should've been heading home. Wonderful store!
5	...
