4	Great 4 star room but if they gave me mountain view would be 5 star.... I think they  extra nice to those group of Europian ppl for give them nicer room. But I would have come back in 8 month would have pick same hotel, but they would not at least 5 yrs.... Should know if you want regular visit customer more.... From here.... Generally bell boy , maids , those Mexican guys are really hard hard workers they swear like hot yoga but still smiles....great service
5	I got a room here on a whim through Hotwire, and boy am I glad I did!!!!The location is stunning. I had a great view of the Camelback from my room.The Moroccan decor is lovely!  I love the feel and design of this place.  The bed is super comfy and the bathroom in my room is amazing!  I wish I was here more than one night!I booked two appointments in the spa, and I've never been to a spa like that before in my life.  It was a great atmosphere and they have everything you could ask for.I will definitely look into staying here again in the future.
3	Several factors go into getting 3 stars.My husband and I booked a "Camelback View" room.  What we received was a view of Palms, Palo Verde trees, and the back of the neighboring subdivision.  Not a "private patio" as it was advertised.  Semi-private, sure, because the half retaining wall sorta jutted out at an angle so your next-door neighbors weren't sitting WITH you per se, but people walking on the grass had a direct impact on my privacy.  The double chaise lounge was rather nice, though.  The room.  Well, the room was "okay".  Decorated very nicely, but so cramped!  The King bed took up almost the entire room.  The oblong dining table was squeezed into a corner diagonally and the hanging light fixture over the table was just so awkward.  The bathroom was really nice.  There could be a better design with the shower door because there was no rubber grommet at the bottom and the water just splashed and rolled out.  The bathtub, however, was amazing.  Lovely depth and an actual place to lay your head back, rather than trying to "relax" with your head slammed directly against a wall.  The bathtub was the amazing saving grace after travel.  My fault, but I apparently left one of my shirts in the room and didn't realize it until a couple days later while doing laundry.  We've stayed in much cheaper hotels and when I've forgotten something, a quick call to the main line yielded variations of "Sure, we'll hold it for you" and once, they even mailed it to us at their cost.  This place just said, "No, nothing was reported".  Thankfully it wasn't all that great of a shirt.
5	Beautiful resort with great amenities. Amazing staff & customer service. We stayed here for our anniversary and the staff helped make this a very memorable getaway. There was a complimentary chocolate & fruit plate waiting for us in our room. We got upgraded to a room with better view for no extra cost. Had a great dinner at Prado restaurant and enjoyed a relaxing afternoon poolside at the adults-only pool.
4	Nice resort, great service and an unbeatable location with amazing views of Camelback Mountain. Restaurants were nice but nothing over the top. I spent nearly a week at the resort and didn't see very many people under the age of 35 around. That is a big plus for some and a let down for others, good to know going in. The main pool was nice, lined with seating areas, fire pits and cabanas. Didn't visit the spa or gym at all but I did take advantage of the location. You can walk from your front door to the Camelback/Echo Valley trailhead in under 10 minutes (which I did - see my review for CBM). I was massacred by mosquitos at the resort but then again I'm like a giant walking Slurpee for those little monsters, they always find me. Overall my opinion of the resort was shaped by my first impression of Scottsdale. The city itself was a bit too laid back and bland for my taste but then again, thats all a matter of perspective. I could see myself staying here again in the future.
5	Beautifully designed. I lived in Southern Spain and it brought back many great memories with the Andalusian decor. Customer Service was fabulous and the beds were super comfy! If you are looking for a getaway, this is your place!
5	Amazingly beautiful hotel with great customer service! I would recommend them for any event!
5	LOVED our girls weekend at the Montelucia. The food is delicious there. I mean you actually want to eat at the bar again. Rooms are beautiful and clean. I do wish there was a door to the toilet so that 2 people could be in the HUGE bathroom at the same time. But no privacy to the toilet. Movies are way overpriced at $12. I mean we could have gone to the movies for a little bit more than that. LOVE the adults only pool. The place is huge and its a walk to the parking garage but we always just called for a golf cart pick up and everyone was extremely nice. I will be going back!
2	I am here on business.  The conference rooms are OK but trying to use the WiFi in the rooms is a big problem with slow connections and timeouts.  If you are here on business, expect to work in a greatly diminished environment.  Painful and something I would not recommend.  Being here for a sales meeting is OK but we need to be able to work quickly is any available time to manage our business.  This is not the WiFi or place to accommodate it.
