4	L'Oeufrier is just past the super bustling stretch of Mont Royal, and was a nice place to have breakfast before disembarking on a long day. We fueled up on ONE order of eggs/sausages/bacon, which came with a side of fruit, a huge chocolate/banana crepe, and a buttery basket of toast that satisfied us both.Bright clean space, friendly staff, quick service, fabulous!
4	God I love breakfast.  I love it in a way I'll never love my own children.  This place is perfect.  It's on Mont Royal, and is pretty huge considering that it's not on the busy stretch of the road.  It might be the best deal for breakfast I've ever seen, either in Canada or America.  One plate came with eggs, sausage, bacon, fruit, a fucking crepe, and toast, and the whole thing probably cost less than 10 dollars (fake money, not American).  They kept the front of the storefront completely open, the staff was quick and helpful, and the food was cheap and good.  Stay classy Montreal
3	I came here after checking out past yelp reviews, and it was pretty good.  I was a little shocked at some of the prices (in particular the Croque de Fruits) which is yogurt fresh fruit and Quakers Croque Matin. But then the bowl came and I can see why! It was on the side gi-mongus and could have feed a few people. I could only eat about half of it before I had called it quits. It was amazing however that we got seats straight away (considering it was 1130am on a Sunday) My friend who dislikes breakfast food was disappointed however, that they do not offer any of the lunch options on the weekends. So she ended up with a grilled cheese sandwich that comes with fruit and potatoes (which was surprising a good deal for all that). Lastly my other friend got a regular eggs, toast, bacon, sausage and potatoes. Everything was good, coffee refills were speedy, and overall a decent breakfast place for sure. The only complaints: they opened the door to the patio a bit, and someone was smoking outside, and it came straight inside ruining the smell of breakfast; bathrooms are single stalls, which caused a pretty large lineup of people. Other thing to note: if I get this again, I will ask for the Croque de Fruits without powder sugar on top (unnecessary IMO) I would eat here again if asked. :)PS: They gave out roses to the ladies because it was mother's day!
