4	Commonplace brings something different to the coffeehouse that I haven't seen elsewhere - cold brewed coffee. For me, that alone was worth checking out. Although I don't have iced coffee often, this was smoother than anything I've had before, with very little bitterness.My wife ordered her usual - a soy latte - which wasn't the best, but decent enough. The soy milk here (they use Silk) is a bit overpowering, but if you like creamy drinks it will likely please you.
5	Very happy with the cappuccino I ordered. Good sign when they have synesso and mazzer equipment and the barista poured a perfect Rosetta. The only gripe is that the atmosphere is a bit drab and typical. Some character befitting the coffee would do them some good.
4	I love local coffee shop culture in PGH! But then I am a bit too spoiled by all the hight quality coffee shops in town...To be fair, commonplace serves good coffee. Was kinda disappointed when I went the first time in June, because I was expecting something even better then TD for some reason. The foam in my latte was heated too long (thus too firm and too hot), and the spro was chalky.I decided to give them a second chance tho, since there're so many good baristas working there. The latte significantly better this time, without any of the issue I had in the first visit, plus their interior design got a bit better as time goes by. Still not a place I would come all the way from highland, shadyside, or lawrenceville for a cup of coffee, but it's definitely a great choice if I am around the area.
5	The coffee here is awesome.  Definitely WAY better coffee than the alternatives in Squirrel Hill.  Overwhelming number of choices  -- not just espresso drinks or drip coffee.  There's always a couple choices of bean for espresso, cold-brewed coffee, or brewed-by-the-cup on the Trifecta, or Clover.  The staff is great, super friendly and happy to help.And, its pretty cheap.  Where else can you get a $1 cup?
4	Excellent coffee. They always have a select coffee brewed but also offer a variety of specialty coffees hand poured by the cup. I'll definitely make it a point to stop back next time I'm in Pittsburgh.
5	This place roasts its own beans and makes phenomenal coffee.  They have a stellar variety of beans from South America, Africa and Asia.  The music is almost always very good and aligns well with whatever I would listen to anyway (mostly indie stuff).  It's my favorite place to get out of the house and get some work done.  And finally, their cold-brewing technique makes the best iced coffee I've ever had.
2	This place has a good selection of coffees and fancy brewing equipment (i.e. the Clover). I wanted to like it, but it has a cold, generic, kind of industrial interior and both times I've been, while friendly, the service was slow as the barista chatted with friends and/or just moved really slowly.
5	Best beans in town, imo, as far as taking them home and getting a consistently good brew whether it's the moka, french press, or espresso machine. The coffee of the day is almost always fantastic, and as I've been going there more often they let me taste more of their brews as their perfecting them in various machines. I usually just order coffee (upon coffee upon coffee), but their lattes are great and their cappuccinos are one of the best in town. Pittsburgh really has some great coffee shops in town and it's hard to compare this one to some of the others who are on the same level (and it's hands down the best place in squirrel hill), but this has become my go-to. Plus they have lots of seating, including window seats and plenty of outlets for laptops if you're one of those types, and are usually playing music conducive to productivity, which I could certainly use.
4	So, I've given it a few more tries and there's no denying they make great espresso. They're also very friendly. The only thing holding me back from a higher rating is that I'm not a fan of live music in coffee shops. It's a bit intrusive and awkward, however, that's simply my opinion.
5	Easily my favorite coffeehouse in SqHill.  Their coffees are reasonably priced and high quality.  I used to be a big fan of another SqHill coffee institution (that shall remain nameless).  One morning I had to go to said place in stead of Commonplace, and, no lie, I almost spit out my coffee it tasted so bad in comparison.
2	I didn't see what was so great about this place. The staff was not very friendly and I agree with the reviewer who said the interior was cold and industrial (which for me isn't a plus). My wife is the big coffee drinker and she said hers was "just ok."They are reasonably priced though, and I thought their coffee chalkboard diagram was pretty cool and informative.
5	I am over the moon that the Commonplace has found a home in Pittsburgh!!  As an IUP grad student I was lucky enough to have the "original" Commonplace right next door to my office buidling.  I grew to love and appreciate their dedication to good coffee (and I am the nothing clost to being a coffee snob) and I have missed them since leaving Indiana in 2006.  They have a great open space in Squirrel Hill and their staff are still as friendly as I remember.  They have something for everyone: chocolate milk for the kids, tea for the non-coffee drinkers, coffee brewed by the cup, lattes, esspresso and freshly baked treats (get their early, they go fast) from a local bakery.  And, yes, they will serve you coffee in an actual mug if you would like.Thank you, TJ (et. all), for making your way to da 'burgh.  I hope you stay for a long time!
5	I like to visit coffee shops, it might be one of my vices, and I had been skipping this one for awhile due to its makeshift banner in place of a permanent sign. Usually this means they're new and getting themselves together still, but a coworker told to to check them out - so I did. This is great coffee shop and I could I tell immediately after walking inside.  Multiple single origins are available for coffee and espresso.  They have pour-over and trifecta, which is new to me and based on preinfusion, turbulence and press-out.  I was offered a sample from it and found it to be clear towards its flavor and light/fresh towards its body.  Coffee was great and the lady enjoyed her espresso. This will definitely be my go to coffee shop in squirrel hill from now on, sorry 61c good effort though.  The staff was smart and friendly, the atmosphere was clean and open with plenty of room to sit.
5	I love coming to commonplace. I wish I were in commonplace, right now, as a matter of fact. It feels good inside, the drinks are tasty, and they've got biscotti.
5	Just the kind of hip Third Wave coffee place that PIT needs!They provide excellent drinks of all types and stripes.  I'm a big fan of a few blends.  The quality for the price is outrageous!  Love the painter's tape mural.  It's such a cheap and creative way to decorate.So far it's my favorite coffee place in town.
1	Come here if you want fine coffee served by RACIST HIPSTERS.  I remembered this place fondly, because of the previous owners. Goodbye to all that. I am black, came in with my Arab friend. We stood there near the register for a few minutes before the Portland-looking man in the plaid shirt decided to bother to take an order. His voice was brusque, both he and his female barista coworker kept looking at us all screwfaced, like we didn't belong there. Once he finished making the drink he dropped the lid on the counter top next to the drink, loud enough for all the patrons to hear it, versus handing it to me like a normal person. Sure, I want all the germs on your counter to leap onto the lid of my drink. I kept trying to imagine, maybe he thought I was some elitist b/c of my CMU sweatshirt.Never again. Who knows, they might treat Asian folk better, but I was not about to stick around and see if they were equal opportunity jagoffs to various other minorities. Hope the recession has room for another failed business venture...
5	Great new addition to squirrel hill!
5	Espresso snob from Philly came visiting a buddy for 4 days.  Soon as I walked in to Commonplace I had a good feeling about the espresso and was right.  I think I made at least 8 stops here.  Excellent shots (and a few of them were really superb - esp the Ethiopian) & nice ambience + good prices.  If I lived in Sq Hill I'd live here.
4	Commonplace is a great coffee shop on a warm day, especially if you can snag one of the tables right out on Forbes. Inside is pretty cool too. There is a decent amount of seating under local art work. I don't know if the artwork changes, I'm sure it does, but right now there is a cool mural thing made out of blue painters tape. I really dig it.The coffee here is really strong too. Strong with bold flavors and not watered down at all. If you are looking for a caffeine buzz then Commonplace is your place. To top it off the employees are all really nice too. Prices are a little more expensive than nearby coffee joints, but is worth it if you are looking for quality.
3	Walking down Forbes Avenue in Squirrel Hill one day I decided to try Commonplace Coffee.  I ordered just a small house coffee, $1.25 for an 8 ounce cup. Not a bad deal for a great tasting cup of coffee I enjoyed while sitting on one of the many benches that line Forbes.While the coffee speaks for itself, there are other things that were negatives for me.  I had the same experience as Terry B. with my lid - it was just thrown on the counter as opposed to handed to me or put directly on the cup itself.  Also, I was asked if I want cream and when I said yes, I was given a carton that is kept behind the counter.  I found it odd that they don't leave a container of creamer out with the sugar like any other coffee shop.  The coffee was good and hot, though, which leads to my last criticism - the cup itself.  The to-go cup is not very heavy and they did not offer nor did I see a holder to place around the cup.  So instead I nearly burnt off my fingerprints while I held the cup.Long story short: good coffee and probably a better experience if you stay there and not get it to go.  I'm just undecided as to whether or not I want to find out.
5	A great neighborhood coffee house type space, an outstanding cup of coffee, espresso, and various coffee house drinks. Food options are a little lacking but it seems like that is to focus more on the coffee options. There are typically 2 if not 3 espresso options!!!  Great staff, great spot.
5	This place is amazing. As a fellow independent coffee shop owner....this place is doing it right. They roast their own coffee. They have a roasting menu of single origin espressos on the menu. Today happened to be a Papua New Guinea SOE that was delicious! You can get coffee Clover brewed by the cup. And to top out off....bought a bag of Colombia Huila Los Naranjos to take home. Great shop, chill atmosphere and very knowledgeable staff!
4	Lovely place on Squirrel Hill. Took my parents here for a quick breakfast to go. I absolutely adored the Lavendar Vanilla Chai/Latte, it had the most subtle scent but it gave it such a delightful taste. Best gourmet coffee I had. The one star off was because a) portions are a teensy bit small and b) for the portions, its a tad expensive. But the latte was so good, it was worth it. Not as a daily splurge, but lovely all the same and worth going to go again next time I'm in the area.
3	I've been to Commonplace Coffeehouse a handful of times.  This coffee is respectable and the atmosphere is conducive to working.  However, as others before me have noted, the customer service is underwhelming to the point of standoffish. At first I thought it was the barista who served me; but on return trips I've encountered the same attitude.  I'm not asking for Pollyanna.  A smile from time to time would be appreciated.
5	This is my new favorite coffee shop in Pittsburgh! They roast their own coffee (at a different location), and the baristas seem to be very knowledgeable and friendly. The shop itself is clean and has an inviting atmosphere, and they even take Square as a payment service (on your iPhone) which is extremely convenient. The best soy cappuccino I've ever had came from this location.
5	Love this place.This is the best coffee in Pittsburgh. The beans come to the store fresh to be roasted on site. They're always ground fresh and there are typically several bean options every week. The home made simple syrups provide an awesome flavor variety if you're looking for something to augment your latte.I recommend the teas as well.
5	I've been here several times and the people are always very knowledgeable and friendly. The coffee is really good and the selection is broader than other coffee shops in the area. This plus plentiful outlets (almost every table can access one) and a cool, laid-back atmosphere makes this my favorite coffee shop in Squirrel Hill by far.
5	Fantastic coffee and espresso. The staff is great, they are friendly and helpful. They even remember my order even though I'm only in there maybe once a week. It's a fantastic alternative to the chains in the area, and the prices are very fair for the high quality of beverages.
4	The coffee here is really nice and I just moved from Seattle so it's harder to impress me now.  The pour overs are well done with high quality coffee varieties that they rotate from different locations.  The person who made me coffee I could tell put care into doing it properly and it came out very nice.  This place is always super crowded though and often not enough seating, especially if you want a table to bring your laptop and get some work done.  I've also had trouble getting the wireless internet to work there on my computer.  There is some outdoor seating which is nice when the weather is good.  Atmosphere is good but nothing particularly unique about it.
5	If I lived in Squirrel Hill, I'd be here at least once a day.  They roast their own beans.  They make excellent espresso.  They have, I believe, the last Clover machine in Pittsburgh.  They are knowledgeable but completely unpretentious.
5	I love a good cup of coffee and I appreciate those in the coffee biz who take making that good cup seriously. That is why I love Commonplace. They know their stuff, to a PhD level, and service comes with a smile and the kind of humor that lifts my spirits as much as the caffeine. Most importantly, I always feel that the cup they prepare for you is the most important one they are making that day. No assembly line preparation here.
5	best decaf americana ever.. probably...
5	So far my favorite espresso in the city.  They usually offer 2-3 different roasts and describe the notes that you will pick up in each one.  The guys are super nice, and helpful.  So glad they took over for Voluto Coffee on Penn.
4	I am a fan, it was great. The iced tea I ordered really hit the spot!
4	I'm updating the review I wrote almost a year ago when I first moved to Pittsburgh.  Either I've gotten used to the hipster inspired service, or the employees have become friendlier.  Bottom line: Great place to study and good coffee.
4	I came to Commonplace because I love lavender, to the point that whenever I go to a new place I search "lavender" on yelp and go to any place that comes up. In this case, it was the lavender vanilla latte, and it was on point. I've had a few disappointing experiences with lavender lattes, but my theory is that lavender with something else (so lavender vanilla, lavender white mocha) makes for an awesome latte. Their lavender vanilla syrup was homemade, according to the very friendly guy at the counter, and it is delicious. This won't change your mind about lavender if you don't like it to begin with, but it may change your mind about lavender coffee. For $3.50, or $4 for a large iced, the latte seemed a little steep for Pittsburgh, but then I came back to New York and remembered the true meaning of steep.Speaking of New York, growing up there left me very tolerant of sharing cramped benches with strangers, but the communal wooden bench they have against the east wall is one of the most uncomfortable seating arrangements I've ever experienced. It's a little rickety, and what that meant for me was that I could feel the guy next to me wiggling his ass for several minutes at a time. I don't know why he was doing this, but bottom line is I SHOULDN'T KNOW THAT HE WAS DOING IT. If you want to dance to the music in your head or do kegels at a coffee shop that's your business. Nobody else should be able to feel it, but with this bench everyone could feel when I so much as scratched my leg. Other than that bench, the space was fine--a little generic looking, but spacious and open.One other bizarre thing about this place is that they have little card holders saying things like "Table share, go!" for people to put at their tables. The idea makes sense, but it's just sort of sad to think that people can't even be bothered to talk to each other about sharing a table. I go to a school known for socially awkward students, and even I can ask someone "hey, mind if I sit here?"
4	Friendly service, great coffee.
4	Well we certainly have a plethora of coffeehouses here in Squirrel Hill and I'm' surprised I haven't reviewed this one yet.  Commonplace took over from the old Arefa's Espresso a few years ago.  The place seems inviting enough, though not as comfortable as the nearby 61C.  But they really are trying to build a community atmosphere here.   .I tried the Building New Hope Nicaraguan El Porveir and found it to be a really smooth blend.
5	Visiting Pittsburgh for a few days. Came across this coffee shop. Cool, hip, and busy (not overcrowded) coffee shops seem to be hard to come by here so I was happy to find this spot. Ordered the Americano and it was great. Free wifi that was fast so I say around for a couple hours to work. Environment: good music. Good to work on your laptop, read a book, or chat with a friend.Coffee: good coffee. Obvious they take pride in what they brew.Staff: friendly, helpful, and seemed to get a lot of regulars that they knew well.Definitely would come here again.
5	Very cute little place perfect for a warm and cozy coffee break! The baristas were super friendly and knowledgeable. They carry seasonal specialty coffee and tea as well.
5	The honey and cinnamon latte is excellent! Also love the ginger hot chocolate. Nice atmosphere. I like that they accept Square payment. I love how they roast their beans. My only hope is that they will roast a low caffeine bean, not decaf, just low caffeine. Maybe one day....
5	The lavender vanilla latte is one of my favorite lattes in Pittsburgh. The syrup is homemade, and it is never sickeningly sweet. I love the beans here. I use them in my Jura Capresso all the time, and find them to be comparable to La Prima, as well as some of my favorites in San Francisco and New York.
5	Consistently a great experience. Good coffee and pastries. Pleasant employees. I just wish it was a little larger since, even though there are a lot of seats, it can fill up quickly.
4	I love getting to support local places.  And I have a special care for this location, since I was going to school in Indiana when they opened their first location and roastery there.  That said, I prefer the other location - it's more homey and comfortable.  This location is a little more sterile and modern, which I suppose fits a more urban mentality.I have enjoyed my visits here, though.  I usually have an espresso drink (always delicious) or tea.  This last time, I had a mandarin orange green tea - and it was everything you want out of all those terms in your mouth.  Glorious!Stop by for a drink, I'd say.  If the decor doesn't match your mood, get it to go, and you'll be fine.
4	Good coffee. A little stuffy, in terms of air conditioning.People sit with their laptops, so it's a pretty decent place. I got my coffee to-go, so no complains from me. Coffee was (as I said) good, but not mind-blowingly amazing.
4	quite straight forward, great coffee and attention,friendly atmosphere
4	One of the best coffee places I've been to in the Pittsburgh area and I love it! Their lattes are worth sitting down and enjoying.  It's nice and quiet, I just wish they had a bigger space to allow for more seating, but that can't be helped. The have a eclectic selection of lattes, the last of which that I tried was the Vanilla Lavendar latte (mmMM).  You definitely have to check this place out to see what they have.
5	My partner's favorite mocha. One of my favorites. Gets very crowded, but good place to go to.
4	Delicious coffee. Good place to come and do work on your laptop (free wifi), or catch up with a friend. It can be a little loud in here though, and even if 10 people are sitting in here and talking the noise levels can be a bit distracting.
4	I love Commonplace. Their coffee is fabulous, and it's a great (and convenient) place to do some work on a rainy day.  My only complaint is that their music is - consistently - well, weird.  Today I'm listening to some odd wailing electronic music that sounds like it belongs in a haunted house; the other day it was intensely loud.  Other days it's a more pleasant mix of singer/songwriter, jazz, or old-school country, which is more accessible to a wider audience -- but I always plan on bringing headphones to drown out the weirder (and more unpleasant) days.  Despite this, their coffee and lattes are great - and completely worth the noise on those off-days.  Just bring yerself some headphones.
4	The coffee here is lovely. The milk is smooth and the espresso is well chosen and ground. I have tried both the Lavender-Vanilla and the regular Vanilla latter. The lavender was too tangy or my liking, and the regular vanilla didn't have enough flavor or me. Still a great cup of coffee though.
5	Seriously the best coffee in all of Pittsburgh. The drinks are amazing, the baristas are great and the ambiance is chill. You will see a mix of people here: families with young children, professionals, students, and older folk. There is something delicious for everyone!
4	I ordered two lattes which were very good, and the latte art was very pretty.
5	Best coffee in Squirrel Hill and one of the best in the city. Can get crowded at times but there is both indoor and outdoor seating, just not a lot. When busy it can be slow but worth the wait. Takes Square for credit cards.
4	I got the honey cinnamon latte which was absolutely delicious. I love the cups they use and the weather was perfect for outdoor seating. The only drawback is small portions for the price
4	Lavender vanilla latte is perfect.  Highly recommended any espresso drink here.  No food or baked goods available, just coffee.
4	I love this place! The coffee is some of the best in Pittsburgh, and the homemade syrups they use in their lattes are always delicious (my favorite is lavender vanilla!) The music is always pretty quirky and cool, which I like, and the baristas are always friendly. Oh, and they have free WiFi! The only downside to this place is the seating is somewhat uncomfortable, so you sort of have to be prepared for that if you plan on staying for awhile.
3	The Commonplace is alright. The one big thing it has going for it is the internet. It's hands-down the best among the coffeeshops in Squirrel Hill (I've even gone to The Commonplace to do some MMORPGing). Unfortunately, the coffee always tastes really acidic to me, they're always packed on the weekends, the prices aren't fantastic (not super high, but not the best deal for the quality of coffee, either), and frankly, the service is a little chilly sometimes (other times it's great!)Maybe this isn't material, but this place also seems to be a regular haunt for a severely mentally handicapped man. He absolutely can't help his condition, but he practically lives there on the weekends, and borderline-harasses customers (especially young women). So, beware.
2	I was thinking this place would be fairly good, given the previous reviews. I got a regular cup of the Colombia, because that was the only kind of coffee they were brewing (which is fine) but it tasted horrible. There was no sugar in sight, to even add to it. I usually only add sugar if I have to, in this case it was needed. After two sips of it, I had enough, so I threw away the $2.50 worth of a cup of coffee. By the way, $2.50 to fill up a 14oz. Sustainable cup that I brought in?... A little pricey.
3	PROS: Grabbed a cup of coffee on my way to the airport. It was good but nothing special really.CONS: Only passed through once, so nothing really to point out here.PARKING: Lots of street parking.All-in-all, forgettable.
4	Really tasty espresso and friendly baristas. Cannot take espresso to go. Lots of seating inside and three tables outside.
5	I will rave about this spot for all of my days. The staff is incredible and the highlight of my days! I love visiting - great atmosphere and superior coffee. I've had to wean myself off of daily lattes, but I buy their coffee for cold brew. I'd recommend anyone who loves coffee to visit Commonplace.
5	I'm fairly new to Pittsburgh and was glad to find Commonplace. A great place to buy beans, and friendly, knowledgeable staff.
5	This is by far the best coffee shop in Pittsburgh, according to me. Whenever I go to a new coffee shop, I always try the Mocha, because I love espresso based drinks and I think a lot of the chains don't get the mocha syrup right and I'm always searching for a good Mocha. It either tastes too sweet, or not sweet enough, or synthetic or not chocolate-y enough. The Mocha at Commonplace is amazing. It is the best Mocha I have ever had. After ordering the Mocha on many many subsequent visits, I finally tried the Lavender Vanilla Latte and the Hot Chocolate today. Both were really great, but if you are a fan of Mocha, try one here!
4	Lavender vanilla latte - haven't seen it anywhere else and it was just as good as I imagined. If you're looking for the pretty latte art in a mug, make sure you indicate you're getting the coffee "for here" - I did see signs saying "no to go", but my friend ended up with a paper cup and was sad she didn't get a real mug.We overstayed our welcome though - apparently in the winter they close at 9pm, not 9:30 per google or 10:00 per yelp.A nice alternative to the Starbucks 2 blocks down.
4	If you're hipster and love some good coffee, check this place out! Haha jk. Non-hipsters are allowed too. I spent some time studying here on a Sunday afternoon. The environment is super conducive to productivity! Music wasn't too loud and most of the other customers were also doing work :) I ordered a cup of the raspberry hot chocolate. Whoa mama! It tasted like a piece of fancy shmancy Godiva chocolate. Definitely love at first sip :) my friend got the lavender vanilla latte, which she said was delicious too!
4	The commonplace is cozy, inviting, and pretty much always packed.  I am no coffee connoisseur, but they seem to have premium roasts and their barristas serve up lattes with fancy foam art.  My only real complaint is that seating can be difficult to come by and there aren't a ton of outlets.  One man's "small" is another man's "intimate atmosphere," but I could do with a few more seats.
3	I can't be too mad since I sat inside and used their free wireless for half an hour. That said, the small hot chocolate I ordered was $2.50 and was barely as big as my hand. And it was barely warm.
