4	Well, you just can't miss zoo-Za-CrackerS if you're in Wynn.  It's at the center of Wynn, 1st floor, in front of their box office.  I came in about 20 min. before catching the early evening show at Wynn, order the half, pastrami sandwich, the red matthattan chowder soup (GOOD!) they have on the menu along w/ a soda, it came to be like around $15, & get to sit down, have my meal deliever to me, watch some sports update, and still get to catch my show.  If you're thinking to find some quick bite, right-portion serving type of place (they server half/full sandwhich), zoo-Za-Cracker is not too bad!
3	If I weren't already at Wynn, I wouldn't eat at Zoozacrackers.  Wynn's delicatessen is small, the atmosphere is only fair (more like a sports bar than a deli), the selection is limited, and the prices are a bit high.On the positive side, it's convenient, and they make a mean heart attack sandwich, also known as the Zoozaburger: one hamburger, large, thick, and tasty; a layer of warm pastrami; melted Swiss cheese; cole slaw; some sort of dressing; a good bun.  Tomato, pickles, and some other stuff are served on the side.  Price: $13 plus tax and tip.On another visit, I had a warm pastrami sandwich.  The pastrami was warm and juicy, reminiscent of Canter's deli.  The bread was dense and chewy, also similar to Canter's.  A very good sandwich.  On the other hand, their moderately large hot dog was bland and uninspiring, and their chicken salad had little flavor other than salt.They also offer a ridiculously large, ridiculously rich, ridiculously fattening brownie.  This brownie gets around.  It's been seen at some of Wynn's other informal eateries as well.
4	Shared a very good rueben and french fries here with a friend.  You order at the counter and then they give you a number and bring it out to you.  We actually got it to go and brought upstairs to our room.
4	Zoozacrackers is one of the entry-level restaurants at Wynn. Tucked into the sports book, and being more self-serve, it won't wow most people for ambience. If you're looking for a great deli sandwich, burger or other more casual fare, though, it's the best restaurant in the Wynn.I had a half corned beef sandwich and a bowl of matzoh ball soup that were better than any NYC deli that I've ever been to.  Most of my party ate burgers or sandwiches, and all were impressed with the overall quality of the food.Full bar in the book or you can get beer from the counter.Downside is that it is next to the sports book, and across from the casino in open air, so it can be smoky. Other than that, it is a nice staple restaurant for those looking for a $10-15 meal in a hotel where the snacks in the gift shop set you back $8.50 or more.
4	Great deli next to the sports book to pick up a quick bite to bring back to your room.  They've got seating available, but it's open to the casino, and that means cigarette/cigar smoke.  I recommend the chicken salad BLT, which is big enough for two, especially if you have indulged yourself with room service for breakfast and ate not only your own breakfast wrap, but also a large portion of your wife's French toast.  Did I say too much?
4	Perfect place for the casual meal when you don't feel up for a buffet or the coffee shop.  I've only had the chicken strips here, but they were very good.  Not too much batter, good seasonings.  You figure if a place bombs on something simple as chicken strips, then there's something very wrong.  The menu has a pretty good selection of sandwiches and some hot items as well.  Nice atmosphere - if you go during non crowded times.  It's clean.  Service is friendly.  Food served to your table.
4	Zoozacrackers, despite the unusual name, is the best deli in Vegas.I think a lot of people dis this place because:the name sounds child like ...."soda crackers" ... what ????the location makes it seem like part of the sports book ....it is located in a hotel with 6 or 7 extravagant restaurants ....Why you should eat here - -The sandwiches are huge.The "ton" of french fries come in a large bowl.The soups are supurbThe brownie is giganticThey serve bread and butter pickles with the BurgerThey have mock ups of what the sandwiches look like in the display case.You do not have to guess what your sandwich will look like ......My first experience at the deli was eating a Chicken salad BLT. It was just amazing. It was not only huge, it was superbly tasty.It was a difficult choice, the chicken over the burger, so I had to return a second time for the burger.The Zoozabuger is a meal in itself. A huge hamburger with pastrami and cole slaw. The burger comes with garnish of lettuce, onion and tomato.  (enough to make a small salad)The real treat is a small dish of bread and butter pickles.They are as good as the ones my grandmother used to make.A dining treat.I feel if Steve Wynn did not name this location for one of his friends and gave it one of the "trendy" deli names ....it would rank as one of the best, if not the best in Las Vegas.As a deli it matches, in it's own way, the quality of the fine dining experiences available in the Wynn.Like Steve Wynn says in his promotion  ....it is one of those whimsical experiences.Amazing
4	This deli is buried deep in the heart of the Wynn so you'll have to navigate a slot machine jungle to find it.  For $15 (that's like a Canadian penny in Wynn money) you get a clear view of the sportsbook -  this place is great during the NFL season - and your choice of the regular deli fare, burgers, sandwiches, large salads.  My favorite is the huge Cobb salad.  It's a monster, and always fresh.  The people watching here is rich and varied.  Since the Wynn is so central, there are plenty of places to walk off your meal - the Fashion Show Mall, Palazzo, Mirage are all within striking distance. Location, food, sports - Zooza is the Trifecta of Strip delis.
3	Just got back from Vegas and grabbed a quick lunch at Zoozacracker's when we were messing around in the Sports Book at the Wynn.  Decent deli, but a long wait for your food.  People were all very nice, but it seemed like a very inefficient operation.  If you're wanting a good deli to quell a big hunger, I would pass.  If you're wanting to hang out at the Wynn and just need a quick bite, Zooz will do the job.
4	My colleagues would laugh if they found out I was reviewing this simple quick lunch spot. However, my boss lives for the matzo ball soup at this place. We almost always stay at the Wynn when in town for business and she gets the soup here as soon as she gets off the plane. We always make fun of her. There are so many options and of all things she craves matzo ball soup when in Vegas. They have some odd menu items here. I can't figure out there aim. From hot dogs and hamburgers to matzo ball soup to cheesecake. I guess they are a deli but the options are interesting with a nice twist. I had this sandwich that was like a club but had sliced hotdogs instead of deli meat. It was soo good, however weird it might sounds. This place has good food for a quick lunch spot. The salads look fresh and good. It's not cheap but nothing in the Wynn is so it's as good as you can expect.
4	I had the Avocado Melt w/ mushrooms for $10.95.  All my friends thought I was nuts cuz there was no meat.  Whatevs, avocado is soo good.  Basically became vegetarian that night.  I must say, its not too bad.  LOL.  Great service, nice chilling booths, and good company.  All I need.
3	Deli counter style food - place your order, take your number back to your table, and they bring out your food when it's done. My tuna sandwich was perfectly adequate, nothing special.Tons of comfy seating, connected to the Wynn Sports Book so there are TVs you can watch, and the service is pretty fast. Prices were a high for my liking but I guess I'd expect that at The Wynn.
4	Likely the only affordable meal at the Wynn, Zoozacrackers is an absolute necessity if you find yourself in the big, black monolith on an empty stomach.It was decidedly unpretentious and very pleasant - you order at the counter, sit down, watch television (Zooza's located right next to the sports book), and eventually your order will be delivered.I opted for a delicious tuna sandwich and a raspberry iced tea.  Both were good.  I should've tried the cheesecake.
4	Since matzo ball soup is the secret to my remarkable brain power and sexiness, I am a deli snob.  My favorites are Junior's in West L.A. and Brent's in the Valley.  I don't mess around with that Canter's or Jerry's crap.  I was persuaded to try Zoozacrackers by my husband, who is more forgiving and less snobby when it comes to delis.  I grudgingly agreed...and was impressed!  The food was fantastically fresh and well-prepared--no wilted lettuce, no tinny flavor in the soup.  The mushroom barley soup and the matzo ball soup were soooooo delicious.  The turkey sandwich was straightforward and yummy, especially smeared with Beaver mustard, which is found on every table.We left refreshed and fortified for the long drive back to L.A.  Good show, Zoozacrackers!
3	Probably the cheapest place to grab a bite in Wynn.The food was pretty good, well seasoned, and tasted fresh. The place would get 5 stars from me if not for the service...The service is the worst I've ever seen in any city, any state, and about what I'd expect from a McDonalds in the middle of nowhere, not from a cafe in a fancy five-star hotel. The hostess, from when we went, apparently had great difficulty in using the English language... After asking how to get a table (the set up is a bit strange, with a stand-in-line cafe that is also a sit-down normal restaraunt), she told us to get in line at the counter and put us on a list for a table. A few minutes later, I noticed other people, who arrived 10-15 mins after us were being seated but she had not called us. I went and saw that she had crossed us off. I argued, since that's what she had told us to do. She said that she had never said that. If I had been alone, I would have thought that I had just misunderstood. But both my friend and I, who had listened to her explanation, thought the exact same thing. Since the 'customer is never right' here, apparently, the hostess proceeded to glare at us and basically told us that we were stupid and "obviously" didn't listen to what she had explained to us for about 5 minutes, at which point another male server/waiter/manager (? not sure what his job was) came, asked what was happening, etc. The male server told the hostess to move us to the top of the list and we finally got a table.Apparently, the place turns from self-serve counter place to a sit-down restaurant with to go orders at the counter at 11 PM. Seeing as we arrived at 10:55 PM, apparently the hostess hadn't told us something incorrectly, so it was "our fault". But we were begrudgingly given a table.Now here comes the fun part: the hostess (who apparently hated us for some reason) didn't tell a waitress that we were sitting (in the corner) and it took 30 minutes for a waitress to come serve us. Once the waitress came, things became okay since she was awesome and came to check on us often, apologizing for the delay.Honestly, I think the hotel should be ashamed at hiring such spiteful people who yell at you for their mistakes. But maybe I'm just expecting too much?
5	Possibly the best 24 hour restaurant in Vegas.Get the chicken pot pie, it's ridic.Ribs and black bean soup were great too, as was the service. AMAZED to find food this good at a 24 hour joint. The 5 stars stand until I eat there sober.
3	I think anything after a long night of dancing and partying tastes good. 8 of us came here at around 4am or so and we were immediately seated. Our new friends that we met at XS kept insisting that somewhere in the Wynn they served chicken wings. Voila, I guess we found it. It was a short 5 minute walk from XS to here. We all managed to order some variation of chicken (tenders, wings, soup) and then ribs and a bagel sandwish. I went with the BBQ wings. They actually messed up at first and made buffalo, so I had to wait a bit longer for my order, but it was only 1 or 2 minutes more. Supposedly the soup was really good here. My BBQ wings weren't bad either. Was a bit pricey, 8-9 wings for $11 I think, but they definitely satisfied my hunger, and I even ended up take some home (guess I wasn't hungry). Later on we saw some ladies who looked like they were a part of AVN. Our 2 new friends kept us entertained with their sarcastic comments. Overall, a nice, quiet early morning meal with decent and friendly service.
2	When I got in to town I was starving so we went to zooza...... The line moved slowly. Everything I wanted would take at least 15 minutes or more - so I was told. Fish ' n chips, burgers don't take that long. Did they actually have a kitchen? Anyway, I decided on a $9 hotdog - came with a dry bun. No effort put into it like toasting it or buttering it up and grilling it. Yawn. No sriracha, cholula or real relish. Just a crappy packet of no-name relish. Yeah, I can be high maintenance. For $9, I have the right to be high maintenance.BTW, we were at the Wynn over the weekend and ZZC was not open 24 hours.
3	Overpriced deli if I ever saw one, but it's inside the Wynn, so what do you expect.  I only had the matzo ball soup -- giant matzo ball, and very good.  But I don't know if it should have been $8.  Inside the Wynn, though, that's a friggin' bargain!
3	I liked my Cobb salad from here (it was a bit pricey but it was huge) and I liked that they would track you down and bring you your food in the sportsbook even during the madness of the first weekend of the NCAA basketball tournament.  Pricewise, this is a steal in the Wynn especially when the salad costs less than the vodka soda you just ordered.  The line was really long but it actually moved quite quickly and a lot of the other menu options sounded like they'd be good.
2	It's better than the other cafe at the Wynn, and while still very expensive, it's reasonable compared to other options in the hotel.  The food looked pretty fresh.  Unfortunately, the line takes forever.  I guess I am just used to the NYC lines that keep moving quickly, but it was frustrating waiting on this line.  We were really hungry and thought a deli place would be a quick place to get a sandwich.  Not so much.  After waiting online and finally ordering, we got our number and sat down.  and waited.  and waited some more.  We ordered a roast beef sandwich and chicken noodle soup, what could we possibly have to wait for?  Finally it came and it was decent.  The waiter asked if we wanted a refill on our drink (which we did), and mustard (which we also did), but fifteen minutes later he never returned, so we just finished our food and left.  Maybe we just had a bad service experience and it's normally better.  The food was decent without being exceptional.
3	I have so many feelings about this place on opposite ends of the spectrum that I'm going to have to stick with the middle on my rating. BAD: during march madness they wouldn't turn basketball on any of the TV's in the deli and the views of the sportsbook TVs were awful. I know maybe they were trying to prevent people from sitting there, but geez, put a "30 minute" limit policy in place or something - it sucks to be eating in a "sports book restaurant" and not be able to watch sports! Nachos were a huge miss. Drinks (non-alcoholic) are overpriced even by Vegas standards. Service sucks. They give you a mini dixie cup when you ask for free water. GOOD: The sandwich + soup combo was stellar. I remember paying $8-$12 for it once upgraded to the matzo ball soup. The turkey sandwich was typical NY - boring bread, tons of meat, but a good sandwich if you're into that sort of thing. I'm into the more foo-foo cheese laden sandwiches myself, but anyways... The matzo ball soup.. wow! I'm not Jewish, but I was obsessed with this soup. Was it authentic? No clue, but man was it tasty! The matzo ball was the size of a baseball and had great texture. Broth was good - lots of chicken, veggies, flavor. At ~$6 a bowl (if memory serves) this soup is a killer deal (for Vegas).
3	This place serves its purpose-when you need to eat without straying too far from the casino, or while you're in the sportsbook.  They used to have an amazing Chili Cheese Fries! I know, it's a simple dish, but I'm a sucker for a good cheese sauce! It had a pond of cheese sauce and nearly a swamp full of chili. There were fries in there somewhere too. No more...=(The rest of the food is ok; nothing to write home about. Drinks (and here, I mean water, iced tea, soda, etc) are waaaay overpriced. I can get a Vodka rocks for the price of a tip only 5 short feet away...You want 5 bucks for water?!?!I've been saying for years, hook up some food service in the casino, and I"ll never leave...
3	Decent place with sandwiches, burgers and such. My bf wasn't impressed with his pastrami sandwich. It's just a very casual place. Overall, okay.
4	Great spot at Wynn. Right next to the Sportsbook so it worked out great. Prices are high but your paying for the location. Food was very good. Buffalo wings were cooked very well (a little on the crispy side) and had a nice little kick to them. Fries were pretty average. Burgers were on the larger side and tastey. Large selection to choose from for sandwichs and salads. Friendly staff and nice touch after you place your order you are given a tabletop flag, then find a nice seat in the sportsbook or in the restaurant and thet will find you and bring your food to your table. Worth a stop when at Wynn or passing through.
4	i LOVEEE the soup here! i've had the manhattan clam chowder and the mushroom beef barley soup and they were great. the sandwiches are good too...a place to go when you're looking for simple quick food at a decent price (well for vegas standards)
4	This is a GREAT deli.  Insanely overpriced, but still cheaper than the other dining options at the Wynn, so we ate here a few times.  Pastrami and swiss on rye is really flavorful and juicy.  Really solid deli-meat piled high with tangy spicy mustard and cheese.  The bread is very fresh as well.Also had some pastrami-stuffed kinish that was basically a hot, tasty potato pocket that looked sort of like a samosa, with pastrami and cheese shooting up out of it.  It was so filling and, though i balked at the price, the amount of food that came in this little side made me appreciate the value a bit more.I ordered a Zoozacrackers salad as well which was a large (ok, GIANT) mixed greens chopped salad with egg, pastrami, corned beef, cheeses, etc all mixed in liberally.  For a deli in a casino (especially given the other, more expensive choices around the casino floor), this place exceeded expectations.
1	expensive.1 star for the experience.
2	This is a deli, and neither of us ordered sandwiches, so maybe this review is a little off.  That being said, for thirty bucks, we got two soups and the appetizer sampler.  My soup was the daily special: Boston clam chowder.   It was a bit salty and not as thick or creamy as I would have liked.The sampler consisted of hot wings, loaded nachos, and chicken fingers.  Both chicken dishes were normal bar food quality.  However, the nachos were lackluster.  They had movie nacho cheese on them, and I could barely taste the chili.  I could have totally skipped that option.
3	Came in here for a quick bite before and after Le Reve. Ordered 2 hotdogs, veggie sandwich with avocado and alfalfa sprouts, chicken salad sandwich and a hamburger. The hotdogs came with a huge sliced of very fresh and yummy watermelon.This is a simple, not fancy, but overall good quality deli.
3	Quick and decent to-go food. Way above what you should have to pay for a burger/sandwich/etc ($15-$20) but it's way cheaper than everything else around, so if you're in a bind for time, stop by and this will at least hit the spot (an expensive spot).
4	So I'm still mad they don't show basketball during march madness and their drinks are still the most STUPIDLY overpriced drinks in this city ($4 for a soda? still the stupid dixie cup tap water policy), however I'm so obsessed with their deli stuff I eat here every few weeks. So it's only fair I bump up the stars. For lunch I get the half sandwich + matzo ball soup. With all the upgrades (cheese, matzo) I pay $14ish with tax. It's honestly worth every penny to me and a killer deal for those staying at the Wynn with limited high quality cheap-ish options. I get the pastrami on rye. I normally hate pastrami and find it fatty and gross. Zoozacracker's pastrami is incredible. The meat is beautiful and has the best flavor to it. It's served warm and I like to get provolone  melted all over it. YUM. A half sandwich is a manageable size and isn't some sick gluttonous meat fest like you get at Carnegie. The meat, cheese, bread ratio is perfect. I add deli mustard of course !The matzo is freaking amazing. A softball sized matzo and huge bowl of broth and chickeny goodness will definitely fill you up. When I get this combo of sandwich + soup I have yet to finish both, but that doesn't stop me from trying!!
4	We tried Zoozacrackers for breakfast (the lines were too long elsewhere) and came away pleasantly surprised. While the offerings were slim (it is a deli, after all) we chose the ZoozaBenedict and a Breakfast sandwich. The Eggs Benedict were excellent and the sandwich was as well - my wife stated that it was too big to finish but it disappeared anyway. Funny how that worked - I had been hoping for a bite.The waitstaff was very attentive and brought me a full coffee to go when I asked if I could get an empty cup to pour my remaining coffee in and take back to the room. Not crowded at 8:30 am and well worth the trip. Our bill was $26.00 and we will definitely go back again.
4	Silly name but oh yum!  I wasn't feeling good so I suggested the Wynn deli, Zoozacrackers, where I could get chicken noodle soup.  We ordered that and a corned beef  reuben.  About halfway through my soup I was feeling better and dove into the delicious looking reuben...marble rye, stacked with corned beef, saurkraut, swiss & Russian dressing...it was grilled to perfection and tasted like heaven.  I'd most certainly go back.  It was about $20 for a soup and sandwich (no sides, no beverages) but hell what do you expect from a deli?  And a deli in a pricey Vegas hotel none-the-less...
3	Alright...after a couple hours of shopping and gambling we headed for this place because of the name...yes the name. After chicken strips and gravy drenched fries...I looked at the menu over with regret...they had choices whose descriptions alone kicked my chicken strips out the window...but I must say...loved the bbq sauce. Do yourself a favor and do not order the fries with gravy...its tastier.
4	Great place for a late night snack.  this is my second visit there.  Loved the burgers and sandwiches.  Can watch the sportsbook from the table.  A little expensive, but hey!!  It's Vegas!
4	After tasting other well-acclaimed pastrami that don't measure up to Zoozacrackers, I realized how much I like the Zoozabuger...even though it's a pricey burger; it's well worth the price for how tasty the pastrami is...=D
4	Expensive but tasty food. I paid $15 for a meal that I'd pay about $3 if I bought it at Costco. Service was nice though and it's right next to the Casino & Tryst :D
3	One of the few places in the Wynn & Encore complex where you can eat for under $20. Decent selection of sandwiches, soups, and salads. Also offers cookies & cakes. Nothing is exceptional, but if you want something quick and casual and not absurdly overpriced, Zoozacrackers is a good option. Portions are generous for cafe food, and presentation is decent.My friend loved her smoked salmon plate. My Manhattan clam chowder and vegan chopped salad were good. Bonus points for having a menu, available upon request, with sections for various types of dietary restrictions and food allergies - vegetarian, vegan, tree-nut-free, gluten-free, etc. Not a bad place for a detox meal after a long night of drinking either!
2	While I'll give this place some credit for being "reasonably priced" by Wynn standards, the food offered here really wasn't up to par. When staying at the Encore, I was VERY excited to see that there was a New York-style deli on the premises. I'm not sure if I was there on a bad day or not, but I left feeling a bit let down with my corned beef sandwich and matzo ball soup.First, the corned beef on my sandwich was a decent portion. (I was expecting there to be barely any and was pleasantly surprised with how much I got.) However, what I was served was probably the most dried-out corned beef I've ever been served. While it was lean and tasted OK, it was just dry-as-a-bone. Major fail. The rye bread was fresh enough, but nothing spectacular.Moving on to the matzoh ball soup--also a mixed bag that overall didn't work. For the price, it was a very generous serving: a huge matzoh ball in a soup that's full of noodles, chicken, carrots, and celery. The matzoh ball itself was nice and soft. However, the chicken in the soup was so salty it was inedible (and I like salty). I wound up eating half the soup and just avoiding the chicken.A decent place to grab a sammy in Vegas but would I call this place a real Jewish deli. Um, sorry, no.
4	Bff and I shared a pastrami sandwich here. It was good! bit piles of meat, tasty rye. Even the mustard was kinda good (I don't like mustard). Sandwich came with a pickle, which was also good.I like the way it looked, and the booths had comfortable seats.I would go back!
2	This place is on the cheaper side of Wynn, but I had the worst experience here during my vacation.Dish: Chicken BLTAt first I thought it was going to be chicken bacon, but when I got the dish, it was literally and piece of chicken and bacon! The bacon is too hard! I freaking CUT my upper GUM because the bacon was to damn hard! Chicken Noo-dle soup:This soup is amazing. After my bacon incident I had to wait like 15 min unlit my gums finished bleeding out. (GROSS I know) I ended up taking all the bacon out and putting it into my soup to soften it up. (GREAT IDEA EVER) my soup tasted even better with the bacon in it!!
5	I cannot believe I almost forgot about this place. It's good! and open late night, gotta love that in LV! Everything in LV is expensive, if you're gonna pay for it might as well be good! For the same price at another "all-ready made quick service deli" on the other side u get more and fresher food HERE @ Zoozakrackers! I crave for a  few things when I come to LV: Rio's World buffet, Venetian Grand Lux Cesar salad, and Zoozacracker. Refillable drinks also, or at least when I went, and nice service, not a bad service once *knock on wood*. Try it and experience it for yourself. I've been to NY and live in CA and I have not tasted a sandwich made quite the same. The burgers are tastey as well! Feels like a real meal. For your LV dollars you get a casual, quick, NOT heavy , make u feel bloated, reasonably priced meal here.
5	i absolutely love this place! It's always a for sure option for a great deli meal. I am in love with the Matzo ball soup and the Rueben sandwich is also a fave of mine. My friend and I always stay at Encore and make it a point to hit up Zooza. I had the manhattan clam chowder this past weekend and it too was amazing. I'm still the biggest fan of the matzo, but a girl has to branch out a bit!
4	Went here this afternoon because ever since I've heard that Wynn has added vegan options to his menus, I've been dying to try the vegan matzo ball soup. Walked up to the counter with a friend and asked for the vegan menu, which is just three items but the soup was the only one I was interested in. My friend was also curious so she ordered it as well, and I also got a side of fries. We chose our seats and waited. The soup was brought out about 15 minutes later (the cashier mentioned there would be a wait) in huge bowls on square plates. It was definitely the perfect amount of soup especially for the semi-high price tag of $6.95. It was essentially three medium-sized matzo balls, vegetable broth with small bits of carrot and celery. The vegetables were nice and crunchy, not soft and overcooked. The matzo balls were really good and held their shape well, they didn't fall apart easily. The fries I got were salty and crunchy and very good, but kind of a small portion. The soup tasted very good, it had a little bit of a tangy kick and my friend (a non-vegan) and I loved it and would definitely come back again to order it. Very tasty and a nice meal that just satiates you perfectly. A little pricey, but totally worth it!
3	This is my mom's favorite restaurant in Vegas. She prefers casual deli food and buffets to fancy places and this is the perfect place to grab a quick sandwich.Prices are typical Vegas high, but not as bad as many other options on the strip in the big hotels. The food is fresh and high quality. The Reuben is my favorite, but the pastrami is really good too. Following after that on my list of favorites here is tuna and then turkey.Nothing really in the way of service and sometimes even the order bar can move pretty slow, but if you just want a good sandwich and are confined to the strip up at the Wynn end of things, try this one.
3	What do you do if it's getting close to midnight and you still haven't had dinner because you've been sipping on margaritas in the lounge instead? One option is to head here for a quick nosh. I got the pastrami on rye (I felt the need to add the "on rye" when I ordered because I wasn't sure, being this is Vegas, if they might try to serve it on Wonder Bread), and while it's certainly not the best deli I had had, it will do in a pinch.Get a table next to the wall if you want to people watch while you fress.
3	I came here with the family before seeing Garth Brooks for my mom's birthday. We wanted something quick and easy that provided Veg options (thanks to Steve Wynn, we don't need to worry about that anymore). The deli is close both to the theaters, as well as the sports book. The line moved pretty quickly, but the food took forever. I am glad that we had about 1.5 hours before the show started when we arrived. It took about 30 minutes for us to get our food. The prices are substantial, as it is a deli inside the Wynn. However, I found the food to be very good. I had the matzo ball soup (a bargain for around $6.50). It was a very large bowl of very flavorful soup with very nice size matzo balls. I was very impressed. It was also quite filling, more so than my wife's veggie sandwich and fries. My parent's and brother were satisfied with their food...other than the prices, as my parents are a bit thrifty. If you find yourself in need of food at the Wynn, this is probably your cheapest bet.
2	Very over priced and not worth it at all.  My Mo Wrap was dry and tasteless.  The service was good so I gave 2 stars.  Better off walking across the way to the mall.
4	As far as Wynn dining options go, this is the best bang for your shiny, boughetto dollar! I'm all for a fancy dinner while on the strip, but I'll be damned if I'm shelling out $20 for a wilting wrap or coffee and pastries.A cobb salad will only set you back about $9, and their munchies like wings and fries hover around fancy diner prices. Desserts seemed overpriced ($6 cheesecake and the like), so I wisely avoided. Someone's gotta wear the pleather pants in the relationship (and look good doing so).
2	Really poor quality for Wynn.  And Wynn desperately needs yummy casual dinning!  If ya like meat sandwiches; and I mean meat and bread come here!  Not tasty at all!  French fries were delicious, only high point.Maybe try a wrap or salad?
4	Even the schmancy fancy Wynn has a Jewish deli! I had the privilege of eating here just last week, and it was just the nosh I needed. The homemade knishes were really good, with a nice peppery kick. The matzo ball soup was satisfying as well. I was fully primed to continue my night afterward.
4	cool place to chill and watch the game.
4	ZoozaCrackers Deli is located in the Wynn Hotel by the sportsbook. If you're looking for casual dining at the Wynn, ZoozaCrackers Deli is the way to go.  I tried the pastrami, the chicken BLT, Manhattan Clam Chowder, Chicken Noodle Soup, and Fries.  They were all delicious. Good quality meat. The half sandwich and half soup combination is a pretty good deal.  Everything else per entree is a little pricey, but that's what you should expect at the Wynn.  Service: Friendly and helpfulFood: good qualityCleanliness: very
4	This gets lumped into one since they serve the food in the sports bookGood - Buffalo Wings, Potato Skins, BurgerWeird - the turkey wrap with coleslaw and the Turkey Cranberry sandwichThe presentation was nice but they tried to be too fancy on some things that made the food taste not that great.  They try to do too muchThe wait for lunch was also really long.  We waited about a half hour just for a sandwich and wrap.
4	I came here for lunch when I stayed at the Wynn over the Christmas holiday. It was quite chaotic when we first walked in. No one was there greet us or point us to where we should order and other patrons who walked in before and after us also seemed a little confused.I had the 1/2 lb turkey burger. The burger was huge! It took me quite a while to finish it. For the price, I would have thought it would have came with fries, but I had to order that separately. Still definitely cheaper than eating at the buffet. The next time I am here, I will definitely try the pastrami sandwich.
4	This place has the best Tuna Sandwich in Las Vegas! Yes... even better than Earl of Sandwich. They put it on sourdough and the tuna they use is fantastic. It may be a 9 dollar sandwich but hot damn its good! I even thought that their fries were tasty!You can't miss this place, it's a deli style set up with tables to bring your numbers to.  Their lemonade is fantastic and it's right next to their sportsbook. You can even see the sportsbook screens from there and they have flat screens showing games too.It's a tad on the pricey side but hey, you're staying at the Wynn, that should be expected.
3	A cafe that was slightly bigger. Fast to order because line wasn't that long, but a lot of people were eating here. It is a cheaper option compared to the other restaurants at Wynn. Food came slow since it was made to order. I got the soup and 1/2 sandwich combo. The clam chowder soup I got was good on the flavor and seems healthier since didn't seem like cream/milk was put into it, but it was on the cold side. I wished it was hotter. The turkey sandwich was meh, not that good. The mayo didn't help with the flavoring much so i used the horseradish to up the flavor. Way too much meat on the sandwich so i took out most of it. I was hungry, so i had to eat it.
4	My wife and I stopped by Zoozacrackers for lunch one afternoon during our stay at the Wynn. There are about 10-12 sandwich choices along with a handful of salad options. My wife opted for a chicken salad sandwich and I got the triple decker with roast beef and turkey with provolone. Talk about big...I was full after eating half of the sandwich and miserable after about two-thirds of it. My wife wasn't thrilled with the chicken salad - said it was too mayonnaise-y - but we happily polished off our fries.For two sandwiches, an order of fries, and a soda the total was about $35. We agreed we'd go back, but she would order something different and I would order something smaller.
3	Ok, this place can get pricey quick, but if you know how to get "bang" for the buck like me you'll be ok.  My friend and I got the Veggie sandwich with extra roast beef.  I really need to invest in a real camera, because what we got was a 5 star Roast beef sandwich for 15 bux.  With Coffee and cake we were under $30 bux for the both of us.  I will say this....if you eat more food than what came out you really need a diet.  It was MORE THAN enough.  Split your food here as its just too much for one person and you don't want to take leftovers back with you do you?  Great sammy, half sour pickle with decent coffee.  Geez the chocolate cake is good.  Fries mehhhh.
4	This deli is very unique. The ambiance is great and ideal for chatting. ZoozaCrackers is very commercial, but reminds me of The Carnegie Deli in NYC with a transplant like twist. The salads are much better than your average NYC deli. The sandwiches and deserts are good copycats of classic NYC staples. The only drawback is the high level of traffic!
5	Random and strange, Las Vegas is. This was one of THE BEST delis I have ever been to! I guess good ol' LV knows it's food. Well, I guess I knew that.Giant matzo ball soup. Delectable potato knish that puts Corky & Lenny's to shame. And a roasted turkey sandwich, shaved thin, NOT shiny turkey thank god! Fluffy rye bread with a crisp crust, and the Russian dressing made it my dream sandwich.Best deli I've been to outside of New York! Random and strange, yes it is.
5	Visited on 4-1-11 for lunch:  awesome matzo ball soup!!  Vegan veg sandwich was delicious.  Carved turkey sandwich was excellent. All of the staff were friendly and helpful.  Sports events are on the TVs in the deli while you dine. Well done!!
4	Every time I go to Las Vegas, I have to visit ZoozaCrackers Deli for one of their corn beef reuben sandwiches.  Deli food cannot get any better than Zooza.  I have been there 3 times and my food has been tasty, fresh, hot and succulent.  It is slightly pricey, but thats Wynn Las Vegas.  I highly recommend Zooza for anyone looking for a quick delicious fix.
2	Overpriced and the taste doesn't even make up for it.  $10 for an egg salad sandwich and a grocery store product would taste better.  There were four of us and there wasn't a single good thing to say about any of our meals.  Nothing quite annoys you like paying $30 for two unappetizing sandwiches.
3	Seriously overpriced, but what isn't in the Wynn?For a deli the food was pretty fancy.  Their salads are served packed with goodies, finger foods are quality and the Manhattan Clam Chowder was excellent.  It's an order at the counter deli but they bring you your food and refills.  If you're looking for a quick bite to eat at the Wynn this is pretty much the only place but don't expect it to be cheap or fast. Just cheaper and faster to the other options.
4	Fat me loved this place! My stomach has shrunk a lot so it's not as enjoyable now, unfortunately.Okay yeah this place is pricey. It's at the Wynn so it's actually the more fast if not economical option. The burger is amazing and so is the pastrami sandwich. There's even a pastrami burger for the best of both worlds.
4	Solid place to have a causal meal. Went here twice during our stay. First time was a Saturday. We wanted to grab lunch to-go for the Wynn pool. I had the turkey Reuben and the GF had the roast beef. Being a NYC style deli, had a nice pile of meat. The Reuben was pretty good and the GF enjoyed her roast beef. Next day, we ate here before our flight. I had the Benny, which is two poach eggs on cheese on pastrami. GF had the corn beef sandwich and the friend had pastrami sandwich. Benny was ok. Small portion, I should of gotten a sandwich. The GF and friend was satisfied with their sandwich. So for Vegas standards, this was a causal laid-back eatery. If you don't feel like going to a ritzy place at the Wynn or don't want to stuff yourself at the buffet or don't want to go to the mall. This was a good option. For all those who complain about the prices, are you all Vegas virgins. You're on the Vegas Strip, eating at the Wynn. Of course, it's not going to be cheap or low price. A place worth considering when you don't want the fuss.
5	I don't have the words to describe the taste of a Vegan Cheeseburger on my palate.  Thank you Steve Wynn!They had a vegan cheeseburger combo, called the Wynn Burger.  F'ing amazing.  Vegan patty, melted soy cheese, fries and a chocolate shake (yes, they were ALL vegan) for $9.  I would've paid $90 for the taste.  My wife got the Chopped Salad and she enjoyed it the most on our vacation.  Bonus points for having Diet Cream soda.About the prices:  all Vegas strip hotels are expensive.  Unless you go to some dive, expect high prices at a strip hotel.  (ie. sodas were $4)
3	If I could give this place a 3.5, I would. The food was decent ( the prices were steep) and the service was average. We had a group of 8 and it took nearly 20 minutes for everyone to have their food. The last person didn't receive her food until 25 mins later because the cashier forgot to put a number on her order. There is plenty of seating available. This place would have been quiet and relaxing if it wasn't located next to the jumbo-tron with sports on it.
3	Oh boy, that was one hell of a burger. See my picture, it's all you need to know.
2	Disappointing!  Another let down by Encore! Sandwiches were not huge like on the Wynn Channel. Flavor and service fell short. I do not recommend this place unless you want to stay close to the sports betting section.Spend your money elsewhere.
2	Really small potato knish for $10.  Mom didn't like her vegan either.  Water (tap, not bottled) tasted reality funny.  I felt my whole mouth covered with grit or sand.  Made me wonder about the ice.  I doubt they used Fiji water to make the ice :)  Won't come back here I suggest you don't either.   Not good quality or  a good deal.Staff was grumpy too :PI suggest you try somewhere else.  This place is REALLY bad.
2	We were looking forward to the pastrami sandwich when we saw it on the menu. What a let down, I've had tastier pastrami elsewhere. My gf hates mustard but added it and said it was better. Binion's is better and costs less also NYNY has a good sandwich at their deli.
4	Tasty food, good prices and fun atmosphere.Went here with my great aunt and uncle, who said it was the best deli on the strip.  They were right.The menu is approachable and filling.  We had the matzo ball soup, knish and a wrap, and it was all delicious.Service was a bit ho-hum, but to be expected at a deli, even in the Wynn.
3	Quick and easy lunch stop at Wynn.I ordered the {COBB SALAD} sans blue cheese. It was decent size salad that filled me up. The prices aren't cheap but reasonable compared to the options in the Wynn.
3	I came back again for the Zoozaburger and it really wasn't as good as I remembered. The patty was burnt and there was not enough Russian sauce. I finished the burger mostly on the strength of how it reminded me of the positive impression of my first burger here. I would say this is still a good place for a casual meal in Vegas and that the burger is still decent. However, definitely order it medium with extra Russian sauce on the side.
3	Nice casual place to wind down or have dinner. They are not open late which is a bummer. I had their riblets which was drenched in sweet bbq sauce. The slaw is tasty but too wet. Fries were evenly cooked. The corn bread that came with the dinner wasn't that good. Miss a bit of corn flavor in it. Nice people to people watch.
5	Zooza is always a great lightweight snack or for lunch.  When we leave Vegas I always miss a basic deli like Zooza so I look forward to the next trip.
4	Decent spot with decent food!  Yes, the prices are not cheap, but it is Vegas and the Wynn.  We enjoyed the breakfast sandwich, a biscuit with sausage and egg.  However, I especially liked the square hashbrowns that  came with the sandwich.  Yumm.  Much better than the breakfast sandwich at Snacks at Bellagio.  They Wynn OJ is sooo delicious, but pricey.  I think it was 4 dollars?!  But, as I am pregnant, it was worth every sip!Love that it is adjacent to the Sportsbook.  Will be back.
4	I came here before going to see Garth Brooks just to get a quick snack, and really enjoyed what we got!We ordered chicken wings and potato slices (which are very similar to potato skins). The chicken wings were nice and spicy, believe you me they had a big kick to 'em! Then there was the potatoes, they were THE BOMB! A whole potato cut in about 1/3 inch thick rounds, fried individually and then topped with cheddar cheese, bacon, and sour cream. I'm sure you're thinking what's so good about chicken wings and potato skins, right? These were above and beyond the norm! The price for our appetizers were average, and they didn't take long to serve us either considering the large crowd.I would definitely come back here again and perhaps try their breakfast or lunch/dinner entrees.
4	Love this little deli shop in The Wynn hotel. Prices are decent (for The Wynn); but pls don't expect cheap here.Must try the New England claim chowder in a bread bowl (extra $2) and the prime rib dip (sandwich). You order up front but they will bring the food to you. The wait was not long at all, and the ease of ordering the food and getting it was a no-hassel.I will for sure be back the next time I'm at The Wynn.
3	Nice place to grab a bite to eat at the Wynn without breaking the bank.  The Zooza burger with pastrami on it was quite filling to say the least.
4	When I used to live in Vegas or need a good quality sandwich after a night at the tables or XS I would stop for some take out. My favorite item is the chicken salad sandwich with chopped red onion. Fresh as it gets anytime you want it they are open. So if you need a quick bite on the run or take to the room go here.
4	Little sandwich, coffee shop located in the Wynn Casino. Sometimes this place is open and sometimes its closed. Wynn is great, but sometimes its hard to find a place that is open besides the buffet at night time, just because that buffet line is cray cray! Ive ordered a sandwich here once and another time I ordered a bowl of soup. Not a bad little place and the prices are typical vegas prices. Nothing too special, but as for convenience it gets four stars.
4	My OOT guests wanted to go to the Wynn on New Years, cause, well, that's what people want to do when they come to Vegas -- gamble, drink and shop.    Of course, as soon as we get there, I am suddenly really hungry and feel like I can't make it to dinner.  Normally, I try to avoid eating on the strip because I feel like I have to sell an organ to pay for the food.  (What? $10 for a hot dog at Pink's, Planet Hollywood???)  We ended up stopping by ZoozaCrackers as it was next to the sports book, a requested stop on our excursion.  I ended up getting chicken fingers, fries and a coke.  While it wasn't cheap (approximately $20), it was actually good!  The chicken actually tasted like, well, chicken.  (I really need to stop eating at McDonald's because I have no idea what that stuff is that it calls Chicken McNuggets).  It was warm and nicely seasoned with pepper.  The fries were also fresh out the fryer.  Overall, a great place to stop by and have a quick snack.  And depending on where you sit, you may have a good vantage point of the games playing in the sports book area :-)
5	I was SO happy when we decided to eat at this resaturant! As a vegan I wasn't sure what I would eat in Vegas. I was sure I was doomed to eat salads and bean burritos all weekend...but I was wrong. Steve Wynn makes sure that all restaurants at the Wynn have a vegan option. The option at Zooza's is a Vegan Cheeseburger, fries, and a vegan chocolate shake. The burger was okay. It was made with Gardein. The fries were good, but the shake was GREAT! I was also pleasantly surprised by the price. I thought that the combo of ebing vegan and being at the Wynn would break me...but it was only $9 for the combo. Very reasonable for vegan food in Vegas. Thank you Wynn for giving me some yummy food!
3	Quick place to grab a bite! Decent food!
3	Located just outside the Sports Book in the Wynn, this is a counter service joint offering traditional breakfasts, soup & salad lunches, and also has coffee and a full bar (what Vegas deli is complete without one?).The food is definitely passable, but the real selling points are the price and convenience. I'm not saying a $12 sandwich is a bargain, but price is always relative, and for a hotel on the strip (and arguably the nicest hotel on the strip, at that), this is a super reasonable option, especially if you're hungry now and looking for something quick. Grab a table facing the casino floor and enjoy some great people watching.
3	I came here after thinking to myself "what a weird named restaurant..." - the menu looked good so my friends and i decided to give it a try. I wouldn't say it was the most amazing food, but it was do-able. I got the stuffed turkey burger with cranberry jam - I think this combination went well together, but again the flavors weren't out of this world. It was a croissant bread, shredded turkey, a stuffing patty and cranberry jam. My friends got the smoked salmon platter & the turkey burger, both of them said it was alright too. Now the ambiance was obviously a typical Vegas/casino kind of feel, drunk people walking all over the place and loudness - which didn't really bother me. There was  a good amount of tables and booths, all reserved for people of the restaurant (those 'reserved' tents really did throw me off ~ reserved for who!?). The booths felt a little cramped though & had this huge pillar in the middle so it was hard to sit comfortably. Overall, It was a good restaurant, but I'm positive I won't be back there on my next trip to Vegas! :)
5	Is it okay to drool at a picture? Just looking at the food on yelp makes me want to go to LV and grab a good bite or two here (and party the night away-it is vegas). burgers? sandwich? they are all good. I usually get sandwich and soup. the bf get burger and fries. the nacho fries/chip (or something like.. fried potato with cheese and etc.) not so good, too salty. Everything else good.
2	Sky high prices, low quality tastes. I guess you can do that when you're located right off the casino floor by the sports book.
5	I will give this restaurant five stars as they go the extra mile.  It is considered "fast food" at Wynn.. lol The reuben sandwich was awesome - the chef brines his own pastrami and corned beef!  A must try!
2	I wanted something to take back to the room to eat. After checking the Wynn website for casual dining, I saw the Deli. We had passed it earlier when we had taken a spin around the casino .I walked down to the deli, ordered The Beef Dip to go with no oinions.While I waited, I took a seat and ordered a drink at the Sportsbook which is a lounge that shares a bar with the deli. The drink was 10$ plus tax and tip. Hmm not impressed.I was done the drink fast, I waited for my food, fiinally it came. I left.Got up to my room. I open the box. It was the beef on a bun, some melted cheese, a pickle and the dip. That's it . That's all. Booooring !The taste wasn't much better. It was dry. I ate half, threw the rest out. Skip it, save money and go somewhere else.
4	this new york-style cafe is little bit on the pricey side. (after all, it's in the Wynn).All i have to say is...BEST PASTRAMI SANDWICH EVER.
4	I will call this a restaurant, not quick service or considered "fast food" at Wynn!   The reuben sandwich was awesome - the chef brines his own pastrami and corned beef! A must try!
3	I got pretty spoiled a couple of years ago when I stayed at Mirage and ate at the Carnegie Deli in there.  I hoped this Deli would be as good as that restaurant had been, but it wasn't.  It wasn't bad, it just wasn't that great.  The ladies that rang me up both times were obviously having bad days or were just crabby or something.  They didn't crack a hint of a smile and you could read their body language was not happy.The breakfast sandwich on an English Muffin I had there was pretty good- it reminded me of a McDonald's breakfast sandwich, but tasted better thank goodness.  The next day we ate there and had a hot pastrami sandwich on Rye.  It was just so-so.  The bread was kinda stale and it didn't live up to many other hot pastrami sandwiches I've had that were wonderful.
3	Not a bad place.  Sandwiches are freakin' enormous!  Seriously, as big as a baby's head!  You could easily share a single sandwich between two people.  I had a chicken salad on sourdough and my friend opted for egg salad.  I think he was happier with his.  There wasn't anything wrong with mine, per se, just nothing special.  The bread was cut too thinly.  I normally wouldn't even notice that except that with a giant mound of chicken salad between the two slices, the bread quickly started breaking apart and I was left with a mayonaise-y mess.It's just off the casino floor and it's very open-air so it was a little noisy.
4	We finally ended up here after deciding not to wait in line for the buffet at the Wynn. My friend and I both ordered the pastrami burger since it was recommended by the lady behind the counter. It took forever to get our food and was pretty pricey for a burger. I didn't know it was gonna have double meat- beef and slices of pastrami on top! Wow, I was so full after finishing the whole thing.
4	I was visiting Las Vegas and this place was recommended to me. The food was great (try the Vegan Wynn burger-- absolutely amazing). We went here several times.The only complaint I have is the wait time-- and that the serving staff often seemed to get orders wrong or confused, which was odd, because we were specifically given a number when we ordered.Still, one of the best places I've eaten.
4	A fine place to grab a meal. Nothing too fancy or incredible. The beef dip is good, as are the burgers and manhattan clam chowder. The price/size of the fries is just silly - but all that is to be expected at the Wynn. The smoked salmon platter was nice too. The service is a bit funny, our table had 4 beef dips 2 were served with au jus, 2 were not - one had onions on only half the sandwich. Folks seemed a bit confused. A fine place for a $20 meal at the Wynn.
4	My friends and I had already checked out & were looking for a place to lounge around.  The deli has a side to it close to the sports bar w/ very nice, large comfy couches & lots of TVs, but there is a 1 drink minimum for each person (can be non-alcoholic) to sit in this area.  I ordered potato skins to snack on, and these were the best I've ever had!!!  The outside of the skins were so crispy, they tasted like chips.  It came w/ a generous heap of bacon, sour cream, and chives.  It was one of my favorite meals of my Vegas weekend, so I'll definitely come back next time...they do the unhealthy but affordable fast food right!
2	I came here because LV Weekly touts the pastrami as one of the Valley's best sandwiches.  So, I had the pastrami plain on rye with deli mustard.  It was a good pastrami, but not great.  I think the pastrami at Carnegie at Mirage is better.  The strawberry shortcake is huge and $12 a slice.  This too was underwhelming.  The best thing about the meal was the french fries.  This should not be the case at a deli.  I will not be returning.I wanted to try the lemonade, but it was $5.50 and did not come with refills.  I know this is the strip, and the Wynn, but that's crazy to me.  It's lemonade.  If you are charging nearly $6 for a glass, give refills, or make them 32 ounce glasses.  Your call.
3	This was the closes place where my friends and I could come to for a light quick meal, but it doesn't come cheap, but that shouldn't surprise anyone staying or visiting the Wynn/Encore resorts. You order like any other restaurant here, at the counter, they give you a number, you find a seat and they bring it to you. I tried two different things here on my stay in Vegas, first was the Chicken Noodle Soup, the bowl isn't exactly big, almost the size of a campbells or progresso can. The soup is no different than a can soup, salty, but it was piping hot, not bad, but at $5.99, might be best to look somewhere else.I ordered a cobb salad...lol ya a freaking salad, but it had chicken and bacon, so meh, it was pretty good, expensive for a salad, but like I stated earlier, everything is expensive at the Wynn.
5	The vegan Cheeseburger, fries, and milkshake meal was incredible. It wasn't just good for vegan food, it was DELICIOUS.  Everyone was very friendly and well informed about the menu.  The reasonable price and wonderful food means we will definitely be back on our next trip to Vegas. Totally craving it now....
4	So they sell a lot of Jewish-type foods.  I don't know much about Jewish foods so I can't offer much of a comparison but what we did order was delicious.  Mine was two eggs on top of some kind of salty meat and potato latke with Russian dressing drizzled on top.  I didn't think I'd like it b'c the Russian dressing tasted like Thousand Island but was hot.  I warmed up to it!Nice casual atmosphere.
4	This is one of my favorite burgers in Vegas, the Zooza Burger, covered in delicious pastrami and cole slaw!  The Zooza eggs bene with pastrami is fabulous as well!  Side orders are just average and the line can build quickly as it is one of the earlier opening eateries in the casino.  I have to say the the extensive brass furnishing smell rusty and disgusting.
3	Since we often stay at the Wynn Hotel, we frequent Zoozacrackers for the ease of getting something good to eat without breaking the wallet. I've been here many times and tried many of the sandwiches, soups and burgers and have really never been disappointed. On my last visit, I had the Matzo ball soup and it was by far the BIGGEST MATZO BALL I have ever seen in my life. I almost never leave any food on my plate, but even this was too much for me to finish. It had great flavor and the chicken noodle soup was good. I also got a side of potato salad and it was AMAZING (they use deli mustard and red potatoes). On our last visit, I was a little upset because my Dad ordered a BLT. The order taker then asked, "the BLT or the Chicken BLT?" He said again, the regular "BLT" and my brother ordered the same thing. What comes to our table??? Yup, the CHICKEN BLT. The chicken was so dry that they had to take it out of their sandwich. Also, my mom ordered the "clam chowder." Now, unless otherwise stated, most would think that this would be the white clam chowder served at most places. When it came to our table, it was the RED version.
5	Great food!!! Expext to pay a little higher!!!
3	This was fine for what it is.  A fast food type of place with some non authentic deli foods.  After eating 2 very overpriced buffet meals at Wynn( xmas eve and xmas day), we decided to just have a light dinner on Xmas day.  I read the reviews so I knew what to except.  We brought in our own sodas because I don't fancy paying 3.50 for a soda.  They gladly gave us a glass of ice.  We shared the matza ball soup(7.49).  I was expecting a salt lick, but it was actually a little bland.  I had to add a little salt to make it tastier.  The matza ball wasn't the best I've ever had.  It was a tad on the heavy side, not light and fluffy like I prefer.  We shared a turkey burger too.  It was huge( 11.99), and it came with a pickle and that's about it. It was a really good turkey burger though, probably one of the best I've had.  We got a side of fries( 3.99).  Those were cold and not crispy.   I sent them back and they didn't come back to use until we were finished with the burger.  All in all, it was fine for what it was.  26.00 for the two of us and we left full.  The portions are large, be aware of that.  We saw two women order soup, salad, and a burger each and their eyes just about bugged out of their head when they saw how much food they got.  They could have shared it all for half the cost
5	I had the layer cake.  I should say, my husband, I and the lady at the next table had the layer cake.   When it came out the lady at the next table almost died...she said "You HAVE to tell me how good that is!"  Seeing how ridiculously big it is, I took her plate and plopped a big hunk of it on there.  She almost cried!  Regardless of the hunk I gave away, my hubby and I still fought and struggled to finish the one piece of cake.  If you do not do any other crazy thing in Vegas, you MUST get a piece of cake from Zooza....$12.95 is a small price to pay for sugar induced bliss!
1	We came here during our recent stay at the Wynn for some late night dessert. They had these huge slices of cake in the display cases, so we figured between the four of us, we could easily polish one off. Now, when I saw huge, I am talking seven layers of cake and seven layers of frosting. Huge.At $11.95 a slice, it was a little pricey. Because there were so many of us, we justified that it would have been more if we had purchased individual items on our own. So we went with it.Upon ordering, we were greeted by a fellow named Dylan who was less than helpful. When we asked him questions about the menu, he just shook his head or muttered yes or no. Whatever. My friend asked for a glass of water, he ignored her. She asked again after the transaction, and he slammed it in front of her. Maybe it was us. Nope- the next group of people weren't from the US and were having a some trouble communicating their order. Did Dylan help? Nope. They asked a question about a sandwich and he just pointed to the menu and said, "whatever's up there, is on it." Thanks guy- I'm sure that helped.Now, only Dylan was less than pleasant. The other lady (who I interacted with while getting some drinks), Denise, was super friendly and helpful. She greeted people at the register, asked if we were having fun and thanked us for coming. Complete difference.Now, I did take off a star for service (was going to take off more, but Denise was the saving factor)- but the rest of the stars were taken off because of how bad the cake was. We went with the Strawberry Shortcake version that was made with strawberries and white cake. The cake seriously tasted like it had be sitting in the fridge uncovered for quite some time or next to a macaroni salad. It definitely didn't taste like sweet cake- but something that should accompany a salad. I think it was sitting for too long next to too many different ingredients. It acted like a sponge for all the other flavors. Gross.I guess the cakes in the display case are just for looks- such a bummer that something so beautiful tasted so rancid. For being the Wynn, I expected their standards to be a little higher in food and customer service.
4	Whilst seeking out a place for a very late dinner, we stumbled in here since Terrace Cafe was closed. Although they're well known for their pastrami sandwich, I of course took the plate less traveled and opted for their special that night, which was the pot roast. Jackpot hit! A generous portion of it served up with mashed potatoes and carrots was more than I could ask for. Needless to say, that plate was polished off and I was ready to party. One of a few places between the Wynn and Encore with food options that won't break your wallet.
3	Good but overpriced food and no table service. Good hamburgers and sandwiches, salads and desserts. Everything fresh and tasty. But I paid $20 for a burger and small side salad (no fries), and they wanted to charge extra for a piece of cheese on the burger.
1	This joint was lacking. Overpriced and had the nerves to bring out cold grease drenched French fries. I purchased a hot dog, chicken BLT, french fries and a coke for $31??? Stay away...
5	Greatest turkey burger on the planet, the pastrami is to die for, great service, great food, a bit pricey but well worth it and sure beats room service.  The chicken blt was great as well as the chicken fingers.  Great place to dine or take out.  Highly recommend this place.
4	Thank you Wynn for making it a priority to have VEGAN options available at all your restaurants! In general Wynn restaurants aren't in our budget but this little walk up and order style cafe is very budget friendly.  $10-$15 range for lunch items - this is reasonable for Vegas.  My husband and I are vegan and were so happy to see "Vegan Cheese Burger, Fries and Chocolate Shake $9" on it's very own menu board, as if it's a feature! We have never seen a vegan meal featured! I had to ask the cashier if it's really all vegan, I was in disbelief! Yes it's all vegan, soy based cheese, etc.  I felt like a kid again.  It was a nice change from trying to ask the server to modify menu items.
4	We just went to the Wynn and ate lunch at Zoozacrackers today.   Fantastic sandwich and soup !   We got the corned beef on a bun... and it was well worth the $ 12.  The Manhattan Clam Chowder was a perfect 10.  They shoot ...they score !    I'd go back there again for sure....   and... the people there were super nice.  We gave extra big tips, even though we ordered from the walk up counter.   GOOD.
5	Recently in Vegas for a conference by myself.  Didn't really want to spend alot to go out to eat  or go eat at fancy places by myself.  I was so grateful I found this gem in the Wynn, where the sandwiches were reasonably priced (for Vegas) and I could get them to go.  Did not have to wait long at all for my orders.Had a reuben, which was amazing.  Very soft rye (I believe they make all their breads in house) and it was lightly grilled.  Perfect combo of corned beef, kraut, swiss, and 1000 island.  The best part was that it was NOT greasy at all.Also tried the chicken club, which again was served on fantastic bread and was not greasy.  Can't wait to go back to this place!
5	This place bills itself as "the best N.Y. style deli West of the Hudson" and I have actually BEEN to the best delis in NY City, so GAME ON Zoozacrackers.  We were looking forward to a late dinner, where we could get good food without a major production or long wait.  We definitely found it here.    The food was really terrific - you order at a counter and they give you a number and bring your food to your table.  We had a Rueben, motzo ball soup, a BLT, and a cheesecake dessert.   Very fresh tasting, excellent quality ingredients.  Our total bill came to around $55 (we just had tap water to drink) which is slightly a lot for what we had but I thought the value was definitely there.  I have no problem paying a premium for great food.The wait for our food was not bad at all.  We arrived about 45 min before closing time and there was still a pretty decent size crowd - the seating area was at least 3/4 full.  We tried to go to this place before but they were closed - closing time is fairly early for Vegas - like 11 pm so don't miss out.
3	Considering that all the other dining establishments inside the Wynn wouldn't let my friends in (due to the fact they were wearing Tank tops and Shorts, it's Vegas! .. not everyone is here to dress up)We dropped by Zoozacrackers Deli to grab a "light" dinner due to their earlier partying. The lady at the counter was very nice and suggested options and explained the menu. I ordered my fave French fries because you can't really screw it up. My friends ordered soups, jalapeno poppers and of course beers ($7-8)I didn't try the soups, but my fries were good with a delectable crunch.
4	During our last stay at Wynn, came here few times.The food is delicious, the coffee is great and the cake slices are not only the biggest, they are the best!  The staff are not the mos friendly but they are helpful.It's a great place to stop by or to pick up things to take to the room.Very convenient spot!
3	Overpriced (duhhh...it's the Wynn) deli. All the usual suspects in deli-style sandwiches, for around $12 each (fries/side not included).The gem here is the vegan burger! For $9 you basically get a vegan Happy Meal: a little gardein "cheese"burger that tastes/looks just like those little McDonald's burgers, a side of French fries, and a little chocolate shake. It's a filling meal, and alllll vegan....which is great for me, because I looooove me some milkshakes, but my inability to digest lactose normally makes them an ugly proposition!!!It's not really gourmet foodie-food....but it's solidly good, for being vegan -- and the price is great. I will probably have this again!
5	Although I no longer eat meat I will admit there are times I miss having a normal hamburger.  Luckily one of my Vegas companions said we had to come here so I could try their Vegan burger meal.  Wow!  The burger made me feel like I was eating a burger from a McDonald's Happy Meal, and it brought back fond memories of being able to eat a quick bite almost anywhere at any time.  I relished every bite.The burger comes as part of a package deal for nine dollars, it comes with fries and a "chocolate" shake.  The fries were greasy and as I had recently had Bouchon's fries (which are divine) I only ate a few.  The shake was chocolate but the taste of coconut was so pervasive I would have called it a coconut chocolate shake.  I thought it was adequate for what it was, a vegan shake.  One of my dining companions wanted her own shake and they would not sell her one separately, you had to buy the package.  She is not a vegetarian and she likes coconut, so if you love coconuts, and are vegan, you will probably think this shake was amazing.    I had three other dining companions and everyone liked what they had.  I have to say the Pot Roast dinner looked very good, and my other companions enjoyed their sandwiches.  I don't like to smell smoke while I am eating and even though this establishment is right off the casino floor I found it to be a relaxing and enjoyable place to eat a relatively quick meal before exploring more of all that Vegas has to offer.  If you are a vegetarian who misses having a real burger I think you will enjoy this one enormously.
2	We went to Zoozacrackers Deli during our stay at the Wynn. We ordered 2 Roast Beef Dips at the register. When we realized that there was very little that the waiters would be doing (not taking orders, etc.), we elected not to leave a tip at the register, but planned to leave one at the table at the end of our meal. When the cashier noticed this on the check, she looked disgusted. We made a note to make sure that the roast beef was on the rare side, since we liked it that way. She made a note of it and we sat down at a table.About 10 minutes after we sat down, the food arrived. The roast beef on our sandwiches was well done, not rare as we had asked for it. We were in a rush, so we ate the sandwiches, which were okay (I guess), but certainly not worth $12 each. I wouldn't go back there again... mediocre service and food.
4	Stopped at the Wynn prior to checking in to our hotel.  Was hungry and looked at Zoozacrackers, figured a small sandwich would hit the spot. Well the sandwiches are anything but small. We had the roast beef and blt. They were both great. Thankfully we didn't order any sides (had dinner res for a few hour later), we will next time though.  A real nice place to eat.
3	The waitstaff is very helpful in getting your order and bringing it to your table. My Reuben sandwich was a bit dry though. Other than that, it's a friendly place to get a quick meal before heading off to other activities.
4	Let's be very honest here...this ain't a New York Deli like it claims to be, so don't expect the second coming of the Carnegie or Stage Deli (Stage Deli in NYC is sadly no longer in business)...with that out of the way and on record I will still say that I was pleasantly surprised with Zoozacrackers and will gladly return again.Service is very basic and a tip is not required as you stand in line to order to have your meal delivered to your table shortly after.  I had their pot roast and being from North Carolina where pot roast is a mastered art I was very impressed and thought it was very good.  Looking around at other patron's dishes their sandwiches and soups looked very appetizing.  If you are in need of a quick snack, or a bite to eat to hold you over through a show and/or until your 9PM dinner reservation this is a perfect spot to hit up, not to mention it offers a good break from the Casino!
3	We were here late July and for some reason, it wasn't as good as last time.  They didn't have that yummy carrot cake either :-(My husband ordered the Wynn Burger (veggie) and it came with fries and a chocolate shake.  His food was fantastic!  I wish that's what I had ordered.I ordered the Mushroom Barley with Beef soup.  It was terribly salty and tasted like it just came out of a can. :-(  Not saying that I won't be back.  But when I come back, I'm trying something different and hope they have my carrot cake again.
4	Price is high due to being inside the casino. I ordered the loaded nachos which is superb and the angus burger is not too bad but very small for $14.Atmosphere is very good, couches and big lounge chair make it very cool to impress wife. But must order first at the counter is kind of weird since the place looks high end but no service. So I guess no tips necessary.
4	Quick comfort food that's good to eat but expect overpricing.... But the portion is good so i guess it works out. My husband and I ate here twice during our stay at encore Bc it was super quick and easy access. The lines love pretty fast and you can seat anywhere you want. We had the avocado turkey sandwich, chicken tortilla soup, chicken noodle soup, chopped salad, turkey breast sandwich, hot pastrami... Overall I'd say that the food is similar to an upgraded corner bakery.  Perhaps a little bit better. I'd go back just for the convenience.
1	Ordered over $50 worth of food and wasn't given parts of our order. Manager spoke to us, said we received our food. Trust me, I know what we ordered. Then after more complaining, the manager acknowledged that she didn't actually see out order. Group was incredibly unhappy and disappointed to be lied to. Been going here for 5-6 years. Won't be visiting any more. We spend good money to stay at the hotel and have a quality time, not be lied to by incompetent managers who don't give us the food we pay for. Sad. Steve Wynn should be disappointed to see his name be used on such a poorly run establishment.
2	As soon as I saw the corned beef on the menu I was psyched. Ordered it on rye with  spicy deli mustard. It was delivered promptly and almost looked like a corned beef sandwich should look. Meat piled high.  That's as close as it got.  The corned beef was so dry that it absorbed the moisture from my mouth as soon as I took a bite, and it was cool. They needed to steam the meat and the bread. The good news was the pickle was very good  $13.00 dollars for half a dill pickle is a little steep even for the Wynn!  It was ok, but disappointing.  The Wynn maintains pretty high standards and this fell a little short.
1	Sandwiches were not very good at all. For the price they charge I would expect something better than Subway. But Subway beat them. Really disappointed.
3	I love biscuits and gravy, so I was extremely excited when I saw it on the breakfast menu. Unfortunately, I was quickly disappointed once my food arived. While the fried eggs were good, the biscuits were tough, the gravy was bland, and they arrived luke-warm. The place was clean and the deli line moved quickly. The food could have been out quicker, but as it was a Sunday morning during football season, I am attributing the wait to that. Bottom line: if you are here for breakfast, don't order the biscuits and gravy.
1	Matzoh ball hard as a rock, and I like 'em hard, but this one was tasteless. Only 7 noodles. I miss Cantor's; I stayed on this part of the Strip to be close to Cantor's! The shell of the knish was too hard to cut with a knife, so basically just some mashed potatoes. Better matzoh ball soup at Carnegie, and better knish, and comes with a dish of pickles!
4	While attending the Consumer Attorneys of Los Angeles Annual Convention in Las Vegas at the Wynn to obtain needed Continuing Legal Education credits to remain an active member of the California State Bar and retain my right to practice law in the State of California, I needed a quick and good lunch spot.  Zooza Cracker seemed to nicely fit the bill.It was my first time here, and my eyes truly were bigger than my stomach, for I over-ordered.  Very good Matzoh Ball Soup turned out to be a huge fluffy matzoh ball surrounded by numerous noodles, carrots, tender hunks of chicken, and a flavorful chicken broth.  I just ate half of it.This was followed by an also very good Lean Corned Beef on Rye, with one slice of nicely melted Swiss Cheese.  Aided by French's Yellow Mustard, the heaping sandwich was just moist enough.  A large side of Potato Salad turned out to be composed of chunks of cooked Redskin potatoes mixed in a very tasty dressing that was tossed over all.  Much of this fine dish was left behind as well.With a soft drink, the total bill for one was low according to Wynn restaurant standards but topped $30.00 for one!  I wouldn't want to pay that freight for lunch too often, but the experience compressed into slightly less than an hour (because of a large gathering of lined up fellow diners and a seminar to attend) was very good overall, and bears repeating at a more leisurely pace.
4	Hubby and I both had the turkey burger. It hit the spot. The honey wheat bun is huge!
2	I could never pronounce the name of this place. I don't even know what the f*ck a Zoozacracker is! I always thought Zoozacracker sounded like a racist remark people would use in Queens or the Bronx or something. I've probably come here once every year for the last 4 years. I wrote a review about this place about a year ago but the filter ate it, claiming I was a worker here. Finally wanted to figure out what a Zoozacracker is, so I googled it. Found no information. Decided to break the words apart. We all know what a cracker is, but what the f*ck is a Zooza? Well, according to google a Zooza is some dude who provides an individual legal proof that they are the owner of a horse..or something like that. Still, I have no f*cking clue what that is supposed to mean! Combining Zooza(Horse licensure litigation specialist guy) with Cracker(Saltine Square), doesn't make a shred of sense. But, nothing does here. The interior design looks like either a David Lynch movie, or the room where Debbie Harry starts rapping in the 1981 mtv music video, "Rapture". I know "irony" is the big thing these days, but I don't f*cking like irony. It sucks. The interior design can ironically f*ck off!They got this burger that they pack with coleslaw, thousand island, and swiss cheese. It's not bad. It's extremely messy though. The Rueben is also pretty good, but I don't think there is one New Yorker alive that would say it can compare to Carnegie, Weiss, or Greenberg Deli(all here in LV/Henderson). The first time I ever came here was with my poker buddy in 2009. We had accumulated about $15 of comps. The bill came out to like $17 and the lady at the counter waived the extra $2. They had excellent customer service back then. Came back a few months later but this time they made us pay the balance. Of course they charge for every little thing. I've been to kosher delis that would charge for a side of thousand island for my New York Sky High, so I'm not surprised. Actually, I won't be surprised if they start charging for the water and the pickles soon.The first time I decided to eat here, I asked multiple Wynn workers the question: "Where is Zoozacrackers located?" None of them knew the answer. Most of them didn't know what the f*ck I was talking about. One guy even told me that Zoozacrackers was located at Koval and Flamingo.... When I finally found the place, I couldn't get in because in front of the entrance was Antonio Tarver. He was piss drunk and having an argument with some chick who was dressed like a stripper. Typical day in Las Vegas.....
5	Great food for reasonable price at Wynn. Chicken avocado sandwich and vegetarian sandwich were very well done. Fries crispy and fresh.
3	It's a deli that's located in a 5 star resort and casino on the Las Vegas Strip.  Yes I expected the food to be a bit better, but it makes a decent lunch location.  I've been here a few times and each time the food's been alright.  I would have given it 4 stars but I find the food to be overpriced for the quality of food that they serve.  A regular sandwich or burger alone will set you back 12-15 dollars and all sides are a la carte and they're priced at 4-6 dollars depending on what you order.  I like to stay at the Wynn which makes this restaurant convenient but there are better lunch locations on the strip that fit the bill.
4	Good spot for a quick lunch and next to the Sports Book Section.  TV's all around, comfy booths and breakfast sandwich
4	I'm wavering between 3 and 4 stars here. Can we settle on a 3.5?Zoozacrackers is a fine-enough deli with a decent menu and reasonable prices. My folks had the matzo ball soup here for lunch at least 5 times during their stay and that soup was delicious and the portion, large. So that dish is a winner! They also had various sandwiches which they also liked. I had 2 different salads on 2 consecutive days. The veggies were fresh and crisp and the portions were large, but the first day, they messed up my order (wrong salad dressing, and on the salad, not on the side as requested). The second day, the salad was perfect.If you're into desserts, their display features the BIGGEST and prettiest cakes I've seen in a long time! We didn't have any, preferring to save our appetites for dinner, but man, if you're going to splurge on calories, this'd be the place! I even took some photos of the dessert display, as the mile-high strawberry shortcake and the tall chocolate concoctions looked so amazing! All in all, this is a good go-to deli and, if and when I return to Vegas, I'd definately come back here for lunch.
3	I'm split between 3 or 4 stars but I'm deciding to be nice.Zoozacrackers is pretty solid deli with reasonable prices (at least for the Wynn). Stopped by recently after CES and was pleasantly surprised by the offerings here. Adjacent to the sports book, Zoo offers a great selection of sandwiches, salads, and soups. The deli is pretty casual, walk in, seat yourself, and order at the counter. My Chicken Sourdough Melt was delicious. For once I could actually taste the provolone and the sourdough was not dry at all. The fries were fresh and crispy worth the additional $4. I know I was overpaying for the food but it was damn good. Theres a huge dessert display case if you got a sweet tooth. For $13 you get a slice of the biggest cake I've ever seen. It can easily feed 3-4 people; diabetics be warned. The Wynn Burger is their most popular dish. An all vegan cheese burger (I think the cheese is soy) along with a serving of fries and a small shake all for $9. This is easily the cheapest meal in the entire resort. Though the burger is pretty small, it tastes great and I can tell why its a favorite. If you're hungry at the Wynn, Zoozacrackers is a great spot to catch a quick bite and not break the bank.
4	New Year's Eve and we realized that we hadn't made any dinner plans. Lovely. None of the sit-down, service restaurants were taking even names for a waitlist, so Zoozacrackers was a heavensend. One of our friend's orders got lost for a while, but other than that, the place is great. My chicken avocado sandwich was delish and wasn't as expensive as I would've expected for a place in the wynn.
4	I fancied a sandwich before heading out to the airport - let's face it, the dining options at the United terminal in McCarren are somewhat limited.The concierge at the Encore recommended Zoozacrackers at the Wynn so off I went to find it.There are a wide selection of (pricey) Deli style sandwiches, I went for the Reuben and potato salad - both were surprisingly good.You order and pay at the counter and they bring the food to your table. Apart from a bit of a line the service was quick and efficient.There were a few other sandwiches on the menu that I'd perhaps like to try next time so I will return.
4	I am bumping them up to 4 stars b/c of the Latkes!I had Latkes for the first time here. SOOO GOOOD!!! What is Latkes? They are potato pancakes--shallow-fried pancakes of grated or ground potato, flour and egg,  flavored with grated onion or garlic and seasoning.Ordered:1) Latkes: 5/5 SO GOOD---most likely SUPER unhealthy, but who cares?! :)2) Chicken avocado sandwich: 3/5 Typical--good but nothing extraordinary3) 7 layer cake 2/5: Of course..we had to order desserts...This was actually disappointing--not as good as it looks.
4	Service, food and experience were all fantastic!I enjoyed the Manhattan Clam Chowder with the Roast Beef Dip (French Dip with a side of Au Jus). Very filling.If one of your dopey friends suggests "let's go to the Carnegie deli because they have big sandwiches", punch them in the throat and tell them about Zoozacrackers.  There is a reason this one is rated higher.
1	I had been eyeing this place for a while because I heard the pastrami and corned beef was good here. Wrong! Maybe it used to be? First, they have no signs posted showing where this place is. They have the usual signs saying which way to go for what, but nothing for Zoozacrackers Deli. I finally looked up the number for Wynn and called to ask. I explained that I was standing in the casino and needed help finding this place! The woman who answered was polite and guided me to the correct place. Zoozacrackers Deli is attached to the sports book. The music being played is so loud that hubby and I had to yell at each other to have a conversation.I walked up to the line that was somewhat long, but it moved fast. The woman who took our order was very friendly. Priced at $12.79 I ordered the "1/2 Deli Sandwich & Soup Combo" and because I wanted a Reuben it was $2 extra. I wanted to try their lemonade, but not at $5.50 a glass with no refills! The sodas are $3.79 each and you get free refills. The food took a while to come out, but when it did I couldn't wait to try it.Reuben Sandwich - This was just flat out gross. All I could taste was swiss cheese and grease. The corned beef had no flavor. It looked good at first until I started to eat it and noticed the meat changes from a good color to fatty parts and gray colored parts. It just didn't look or taste like quality corned beef and the grease was all over my hands. The sandwich is supposed to come with sauerkraut yet it was in a small dish on the side of the sandwich. What the heck? Why wouldn't they have just put it on the sandwich to begin with since I didn't ask for it to be left off or anything? Weird. Also what is up with the size of this sandwich? I know I ordered the half sandwich, but when you have places like Greenberg's and Carnegie in town putting out the type of sandwiches they are, I can't see why anyone is coming here. Where's the beef?!?!?! I felt sick in my stomach from the grease and right after leaving ended up feeling sick through the night. No good.Tomato Bisque - Size on this is great. The taste is blah. I expect more from a place inside the Wynn and was surprised at how dusty and dirty this place was. I did see a lady going around sweeping the floor, but a rag on the surrounding stuff would be awesome. Our total was $38.76 for 1 sandwich, 1 half sandwich, 1 bowl of soup and 2 sodas.  With other places that put out a much tastier sandwich and portion and the fact that I got sick and felt the price for what I got wasn't good, I wont be back.
1	I had worked up quite the appetite after spending the day in the Sportsbook experiencing march madness so headed to the cafe for a burger.  The 100% angus burger with fries should have hit the spot.  I would have been better off going to mcdonalds.  The burger patty had absolutely no taste and was clearly a frozen patty.  The bun was huge resulting a a poor bun to huger ratio.  Fries do not come with the burger so i expected I nice sized portion but only a small plate was served.  I expected more from the Wynn than a frozen tasteless burger.
3	Not bad for deli food. Located in the Wynn Casino, next to the sports bet. My husband and I split the triple decker club...nothing special...typical club sandwich. Also, had the fries, seasoned and hot. There is no sit down service, you order at the front of the restaurant, and they deliver it to your table.
3	Zoozacrackers is a little dinner slash deli in the Wynn right next to the sportsbook.  There was nothing impressive about it, but the prices are not too bad compared to other places at Wynn and Encore.  However, it this place was at the Flamingo the prices would be considered too high.  I went here with the wife because of the convience of not leaving the hotel other than that I would pass. So its more of a 2.5 but I will give it a 3 for theres nothing else comparable in the Wynn or Encore when you want comfort food without going to one of the more expensive restaurants.
3	Great place for late night eats at a good price in the beautiful Wynn/Encore Hotel property! I highly recommend their sandwiches and chicken tenders with French fries!
1	I feel bad giving this review because there's so much good food in the Wynn and Encore, but the vegan burger here is one of the most pitiful things I've ever eaten. It's basically a vegan version of a flat, crappy McDonald's burger that was cooked briefly in a microwave. The shake and fries were okay.
4	We wanted a fairly quick meal while we were staying at the Wynn. The Terrace Cafe is not remarkable, and prices are high. We decided to have an early lunch here. The sandwiches are large. You may want to share or do a 1/2 sandwich and soup. I had the Rueben, which was packed with meat. It was delicious.  My husband had the 1/2 Rueben and matzo ball soup. Said it was the best he ever had. Again, the soup was very large. Lots of food and not as expensive as other Vegas restaurants. Food can be split with a friend and you will still be satisfied.
4	Good option if you are in the sports book at the Wynn.  They'll bring your order over to where ever you are sitting.  I've had the veggie sandwich as a wrap, with grilled mushrooms, marinated onions, avocado, and hummus.  All of their soups are good too.   They have a Vegan menu on request as well.
3	They have a happy meal for vegans! It's a vegan burger with fries & a chocolate shake. It's a small meal, but perfect for people like me who usually only eat 1/2 of larger portions. It's simple yet tasty. It's located inside the Wynn hotel. If you enter the main entrance off of the strip, it's only a few steps to the left. I called in my order and it was ready when I arrived. Their vegan options are too limited for my liking, but I was happy with my meal. Perfect for a quick bite. Note: the price for the vegan burger combo has increased from $9 to $11.
3	The food is average at best.  I had chicken strips, fries and a coke. The chicken strips were no better or worse than pretty much any chicken strips you can buy at the grocery store.  Same goes for the fries.  The honey mustard was actually quite good. My wife had a chicken avocado melt sandwich and was not impressed. For the price we paid (over $40 for sandwich, chicken strips, fries and 2 soft drinks) the food deserves less stars. But, I will cut them some slack on prices because this is Vegas and everything on the strip is pricy. It is the quickest and most inexpensive option inside The Wynn.
4	The food here is quite good but a little pricey, but isn't everything? They were nice enough to keep serving breakfast for us even though we arrived right at 11, when it ends. The breakfast wrap was pretty tasty, and it came with hash browns. Their hash browns were something special- super crunchy and crispy in a perfect way. Delicioso! I'm still getting used to the whole Vegas thing, but it was pretty awesome being able to just jump in and have breakfast, and then walk right down the steps to a ton of slot machines. Win Win Wynn! hahaha
1	Two people from our part got sick from their tuna salad sandwich. I would never be able to eat here again. With the prices they charge this is so unacceptable.
4	We are staying in the Encore and wanted a quick but tasty bite to eat. It was fast and the employees are very friendly, pretty much the standard here at Wynn! We both ordered the Santa  Fe sourdough turkey melt, fries, and a drink. It was about $24 for the whole meal, so I had pretty high expectations needless to say. I will say large plus is that the drinks are refillable, so not bad especially with the Vegas heat and all the drinking. Haha Overall the food was pretty good, AMAZING fries, not sure what they do but it works well! The sandwich comes with pepper jack cheese, I subbed for provolone. I will say if you don't mind pepper jack it would prolly be the better flavor option other than cheddar. Looking forward to trying something else! It's a great casual spot to relax and eat, it overlooks the main casino
4	If you are looking for a good sandwich or salad without breaking the bank in an otherwise expensive Wynn casino, Zoozacrackers provides a good option. Since they only serve soup, sandwiches, and other deli food, things move fairly quickly. They also have cream soda, though they were out of it when I ordered.The triple-decker club sandwich on rye was excellent.  It was big enough to be filling and satisfied my hunger.  There was plenty of turkey, bacon, lettuce, and tomato.  The chop vegetable salad had an awesome balsamic vinegar on it that made it nearly irresistible.If you are looking for fast deli food and not a five-star gourmet experience, this is the place for you.
4	Very high quality, while the price is high, it is worth it. For example you can taste the subtlety of the smoke on the pastrami which is rare to see. Usually it is one or the other not here.  The matzo ball soup was excellent. The matzo was tender and very tasty. While I did not need the extra noodles it was a great soup. Definitely worth the extra cost!
2	We ate here on a Saturday night for a late night snack. The place is cute and good for people watching, but the food was disappointing. We had the french dip, hotdog and fries. Everything was on the expensive side and not very good. We would not eat here again. This was the third restaurant we tried at the Wynn and all were overpriced and mediocre.
5	Obsessed with everything I had during my visit. The Reuben was so delicious- they don't skim on any of the ingredients. The matzah ball soup is THE BEST I have ever had. From la to New York, nothing beats the matzah balls here!
2	Unsure why this place has decent reviews. As for my experience, not so great. Hubs and I both got the pastrami. We also got chips, a cookie for a dollar more, one soda and one coffee...bill=46!?!! What?? Would have been fine had this been the best sandwich of my life! Sandwich, dry dry dry, yuck! Pastrami should always be juicy. Also, bread is hard to chew. The pastrami has a smokey taste which was weird to me, hubs didn't mind that part. Save your money and walk across the street to the mall food court for a simple lunch or snack.
4	This place is a small cafe located inside of the Wynn. It's right next to the sports book. The food they have here are like sandwiches, hamburgers, hotdogs, etc. The food is reasonably priced averaging around $10. I ordered the hotdog and fries. The hotdog was pretty huge. It'll definitely fill you up. The fries were pretty good. The food is what you would expect from a casual cafe. The place can get really busy so it might be hard to find a table. You might just have to wait a bit for people to get up.This place is a pretty good place to eat if you are wanting something fast and not so expensive. Definitely worth a shot if you're in the area.
2	While we were hungry walking around the casino looking for a place to eat, we ran into this. We were impressed with a NYC style deli and we figured that it had to be the coolest name ever. So we went in and placed an order. They actually had Dr Browns cream soda which was impressive. I don't see that too much outside of NYC/New Jersey. But as the we waited for the order, we finished our soda. It actually took about 30 minutes to get our main course. The roast beef dip was very dry and the sandwiches were small. My boyfriend said that his burger was ok, but I don't think our meal captured the true vegas experience. I expected more from a restaurant at the encore!
5	This restaurant is located at the Wynn by the sports book. You wait in line to order your food, you're given a number, you find a seat, and the food is brought to your table. I go here often if I stay at the Wynn or Encore, and the food is good. Sometimes it's hard to find a table if it's busy.  They have very common foods including burgers, hot dogs and salads.  Food is good and not bad on the wallet. One of the cheaper good options at the Wynn.
5	The best matza ball soup ever. The pastrami sandwich is great too. This is my favorite deli to visit. The food is great.
4	Deli sandwiches, soups and deserts! Cozy NYC style restaurant and sports book. Great combination! I had pastrami of coarse!
4	I love Zoozacrackers  Deli.  Being  at the Wynn,  this place  is  not  cheap.  Sadly,  this  is  probably  the  cheapest eatery on the  Wynn  property. But they  make  the best pastrami sandwich anywhere West  of New York  (that  award goes  to  Katz),  and  their  chicken  noodle  soup  is pretty darn delicious. There's  ample  seating in the  Deli  and  you  can  catch glimpses of a sports  game  at  the  Wynn  sports book next  door. Two half  soup/sandwich  combos plus  two  soft  drinks  (refills  included)  was almost  $45.
4	Food gets you from point a to point b. Nothing special, but it's convenient and right next to the sports book. I wouldn't seek this place out but I have no issue eating here every time I'm hungover. It's location gets it a 4star.
3	Casual option at the elegant Wynn Las Vegas. You order and then choose an open seat with your number flag in your hand.I ordered the Manhattan Clam Chowder and the Corn Beef Reuben. I understand it is inside the casino but $20! for the two items!Both were good but not something that will have me dying to come back to. It was my first time trying Manhattan Clam Chowder and being from the Bay I usually get the New England kind. It was good and hearty but not filling (if that makes sense...). The corn beef with the melted cheese on the reuben was good but I have had better.As a local it's hard to justify this option but I guess as a tourist with little option for transportation this could be the spot to go to...
2	I should really know better... Any restaurant in the Wynn is going to be pricey.  We were there for a show and wanted to grab a quick bite before heading in.  Zoozacrackers offers a wide variety on their menu from appetizers like Buffalo Wings to burgers to pasta.Their lines are long but seem to move pretty fast.  You order first, find a table and they bring your food out to you.  Luckily we didn't have to wait long before our food arrived.  Buffalo wings are just ok along with the wrap and fries.  It's not a place to rush back to but it's probably the cheapest in the Wynn.
