4	This is a boutique hotel and is still being improved upon.  There are lights that light up the hotel around the outside and change colors.  There is a year round heated swimming pool at 85 degrees.  The staff is very quick and helpful.  Pluses-Towels are plushBeds are extremely comfortable...pillows are so comfortable I got the name of the pillow so I can buy them on their website.Early morning music is going outside in the courtyard and it can be heard from your room.  This could either be a plus or complaint considering how you feel.Amenities are Aveda products...those are decent products.Ionic hair dryer...convinced me to buy one.Lots of hangers and two robes in the closet.Love the website recommendations of other restaurants in the area.Complaints -Staff uses google to provide driving directions...should use mapquest as each time my directions were wrong.My TV didn't work, but I don't watch TV so it didn't bother me.  A friend came by to visit and saw the TV didn't work.  I was given a credit during my stay even though I don't watch tv.If you wake up too late (7 is) the water in the shower is luke warm and the room is very cold...difficult to warm up.  I had problems with the hot/cold knob in the shower as it is quite outdated.  If I was an early bird no problem warming up the shower.Coworker said her room had a constant fan or some sort running and she could not get it to turn off...she didn't know where it was coming from.The women's bathroom was out of seat covers and soap -- I told the bartender in CAMUS and he quickly fixed the problem.The windows have screen cover shades --- I thought they were the ones where you can see out but you can't see in.  So after the first day of walking around my room naked, my coworker advised me that the picture on the wall is intended to 'slide' in front of the window.  Who would've thunk?!  No breakfast offerings like the Hilton and/or Embassy Suites.The restaurant bill cannot be added to your hotel bill---you have to manage your separate receipts.I couldn't figure out how to change the station on the alarm clock.I checked in late, and though I asked for a King or Queen bedroom, I ended up with double beds.  Not a big deal, they were going to discount my stay further and I declined.
4	the good:uber comfortable bedsthe flor carpetingthe rooms are very largeaveda productsvery friendly/accommodating front desk staffcool artworkthe bad:nothing in walking distance from the hotel (but i guess phoenix IS a car-town)the ugly:service in the restaurant ... granted we ate in the bar area but you would expect the waiter to have some clue on proper service (the food ain't cheap) ... no clue  what the specials were / dropped [and i mean 'dropped'] entrees off w/o bussing app plates that had been sitting on the table / had to flag him down a bunch of times for things / etc.
2	At first look, this may seem like a hotel that you may compare with the Standard Hotels in Hollywood and Downtown Los Angeles judging by their photos.  They even promote the fact that they won a four star review from Howard Seftel (who is a restaurant critic) for "Best of Phoenix". Since I was going on this trip for work I didn't mind checking it out.  I mean why not sacrifice the points to stay at something on the up and up?  WRONG IDEA.First let me say that I should have researched this further but I was going off their site and some user reviews.  When I arrived to the hotel, it wasn't very noticeable.  It wasn't noticeable because it was on a quick one way street or hidden behind other structures, but rather more for the fact that it was in the middle of a neighborhood surrounded by apartment complexes.  The exterior of the business didn't look very impressive.  It looked like a poor girl who was trying too hard to be noticed by wearing trendy clothes that don't look right on her.  This motel make-over covered its old self as well as the best concealer on an acne ridden 13 year old.There was music playing through out the hotel, and I did take notice of their strong consistency of marketing to a select demographic (ie. young, urban, chic 20-early 30s).  When I stepped into my room I was glad to see that the pictures spoke the truth on what to expect.  Everything in the room was new --- from furniture to carpet.  They had a wonderful bed, one of the most comfortable that I've slept on during my business travels.  The only thing that I have to complain about the room is:1. The air conditioner didn't work or I didn't know how to work it2. They have no pens in the hotel room, yet they have notepads3. The WiFi didn't work that great because the signal was too weak and they didn't have a hard wire LAN lineAs for  the restaurant that was located within the hotel, I didn't give it any chance.  There were only 2 people dining in there (even after I went out for an hour drive, the same people were there!) and it seemed so dead.  If I wanted to eat alone I would have eaten fast food or ordered a pizza.  I checked out their "24 hour fitness" area and noticed that most of the cardio equipment was out of order (why even advertise it then?!?!?!).  There was nothing to do within walking distance of the hotel, unless you wanted to stand by a corner and wait to score a dime sack or get a soda at the gas station.Overall, I can see the message that this hotel is trying to send but I think that they are in the wrong location.  They have a long way to go but I see a really, really long road ahead of them.For their location (because location is everything), I must give them 2 stars.Will NOT see you there.Sam
4	Take everything you like about the Valley Ho in Scottsdale and copy and paste it into a much more urban, artistic setting, and you've got the Clarendon. I thoroughly enjoy Camus, as an aside, and was compelled to check out the hotel only after spending some time at the restaurant. The layout is motel chic: a hollowed out edifice with a fifties style pool in the center. The walls are painted in bright colors and illuminated by alternating colored lights. Music echoes through the spa and pool areas with just enough volume to leave you at the door of your room. Inside the rooms, the beds are amazingly cozy. They creatively leave a large window for natural lighting and allow the guest to privacy by sliding the wall size painting over the empty space, for darkness and privacy without curtains or shutters. It's very Thomas Crown. Robes hang in the closet for spagoers and the bedside CD player/ alarm clock will make you feel right at home. Very fair rates (I went through Hotels.com) for what you get in return.
3	What is up with outside entrances at Arizona hotels? I don't get it. I have to say this hotel reminds me of lipstick on a whore. It tries so hard to be refined and classy but fails miserably. This is like a teenagers experiment. The furniture is what someone could find at Limn or Design Within Reach, however it's still a motor lodge. It's still got the smallest water closet ever and it still has paper thin walls. I give props to the creative artwork/window coverings and attempt to make the space appear large. Nice mirrors- generous bathroom sink. Very nice toiletries but skimpy with refreshing the Aveda products. I was here for a week and never had my soap refreshed...I had to go to the front desk for more shampoo. No room service, but hey...long distance calls are free...so talk to whomever you want for however long you want. In a town like this you need something to diminish the boredom of the desert.
5	Our group enjoyed the stay at the hotel very much. Those rooms are the real Wow experience (not Windows Vista). The rooms (at least the suite we were in) were spacious and looked just great.  The idea using art paintings as sliding curtains fascinated everyone. The staff was always friendly and helpful. We actually had a quick chat with the owner who explained his further plans and pointed out that this hotel is still work in progress.We all felt that we got a very good deal and will surely come again, if staying in Phoenix.
5	I LOVED it! Phoenix was not too exciting, but this hotel was! The staff is friendly, very helpful, awesome and creative rooms for a very good rate (the rooms were almost apartment size) and to top it off you have a great pool and a whirlpool with couple of plastic ducks swimming in there - that kind of plastic ducks kids would usually have in their tubs - but ducks also in XL size for XL kids ;-)  -very lovely, great idea! Makes you feel like being 5 again, and you dont want to get out of the tub although momy wants you you to get out cause your skin starts to wrinkle. If you ever have to stay in Phoenix: Stay there!
4	On the plus side:Super friendly staff!! Even allowed a free upgrade (not common these days).Large and comfy rooms. (Jr Exec Room...very nice!) 42" LCD LG TV made me feel right at home! Transparent/neon surge protectors! (Yeah, i am the only one who noticed I am sure)Free internet in the lobby or in the room! The temporary negatives:Lounge/Bar not opened (We missed opening day by one day)Pool under constructionOverall thoughts: A nice place with tons of potential. The friendly staff puts it over and above most other hotels I have stayed at in the PHX area! My girlfriend and will be staying there again next month!!!
3	A group of us stayed at The Clarendon after our friends got married at the Wrigley Mansion.  The concept of this hotel is great, the problem is that they are only 80 percent of the way there.  When we walked in to the modern lobby, we were immediately greeted with friendly faces and given the keys to our room.  We noticed the funky art and naked women on the walls.  It all added to the character of this place.  The setup is much like Melrose Place with a large portion of the rooms surrounding the pool (they have done a great job updating the look of the retro pool).  We got a poolside suite and when we walked in, we were very pleased that our room was HUGE!  We had a living room, bar and large bedroom.  They did a great job with the modern carpet squares, large prints on the walls, very comfy bed, and new modern sink.  They provide L'Occtaine toiletries, which thrilled me and a huge selection in the mini-bar.They did fall short though by keeping the windows from the 1960's that we had to rig since the wind kept causing the windows to make the loudest banging noises.  We did get that fixed on our own, but the walls were paper thin and in the renovation, they obviously did not add any extra insulation.  They put new flooring in the tiny bathroom but did not update the shower with exception of the shower head and curtain rod.  The shower was stained with mildew and they put a new mat down so you did not have to stand on the nastiness.  The wall next to the sink was only partially painted the new color and there is no trashcan in the bedroom area.  The hotel was relatively empty for a Saturday night so it may be difficult to sustain this type of business in this part of town.  I may stay here again if I had a good rate but I am not sure I would pay full price.
5	Phoenix AZ has the potential to be a great place. It's not there yet and probably won't be for quite a while. Until that happens and until the snowbird resorts with bad southwestern art and food close down, at least there's the Clarendon to keep hope alive. This place is a cool , fun, and affordable hotel smack in the middle of town. It's a little less refined then the Standard hotels in LA but it's also cheaper (and not in LA so stop with your fancy expectations already!) It's a mid century building actually embracing it's architectural style and celebrating it. My room was huge with a bar and flat panel TV and stereo system. The pool was large, clean, and had rubber duckies floating in the water. Where are the rubber duckies at the Hilton???The front desk staff really made the hotel extra cool. Special props go  to Laura! She was so cool and really sealed the deal as far as my opinion of this hotel goes. The hotel has a Prius they will drive you around in if you need to hit the town. Where's the Prius at Starwood????In short, this hotel isn't for everyone. If you are feeling like something left of center, definitely give them a shot.
2	UPDATE:The owner/manager of The Clarendon responded to my Yelp review. He is offering to refund a night of our stay, given some of the concerns I listed here. I applaud this manager for addressing my concerns. He has also agreed to work more closely with staff to improve training and to improve the overall hotel experience for guests. It seems he really wants his hotel to be a top-rate boutique in Phoenix, and he has the right attitude. There's certainly some work to be done, but I have to give him credit (and the hotel 1 more star) for making the effort.**********************I traveled to Phoenix with my bf for a long weekend, hoping for a bit of relaxation and the chance for a little adventure. We were looking forward to some warmth, a soak in the hot tub, a comfy room, and a little adventure on Camelback. Unfortunately, we chose the wrong part of town to stay in (it was rather boring over there), and the wrong hotel. The Clarendon is, in theory, a cool boutique hotel. But the details are sorely lacking. The room we got was nice enough, but there were issues. Check it out:1. The light over the bathroom sink was out. When I told the front desk, they said they'd have it replaced. It never happend, in our 3 nights there.2. The coffee maker in the room would not work when plugged into the power strip on the counter. We had to set it up on a chair, next to another outlet.3. The housekeeper did not close our room door completely after cleaning, so it was opened when we returned. We did not have the confidence to have them clean it after that.4. We ordered 2 glasses of wine from room service, to be delivered to us at the hot tub, a mere 50 yards from the bar. After more than 20 minutes, we had to go and inquire about it. And they never came back out to see if we wanted anything else. We were in there for at least an hour.5. On our 2nd night at the Clarendon, we woke up at 2am to incessant knocking next door. This was the start of a 3-hour lovers spat, which was played out with lots of shouting, screaming and crying. The drama started outside the room next to ours, continued inside the room for an hour, then some slamming doors, yelling out the door, and continued in the parking lot, which our bedroom window faced. After 3 hours, we finally called the front desk to diffuse the situation. 3 hours. 6. After the drama, it seemed that someone next door, or maybe upstairs, had the TV on all night, at a volume high enough to come through the wall into our room. We finally had to turn on the bathroom fan to create white noise to drown it out.7. The hotel's wifi connection did not fully work in our room. We could get 1 computer online, but it was really slow. The other computer would not recognize the signal. It was fine if we were down in the lobby or restaurant though. 8.The gym is worse than dumpy, 2 tiny rooms crammed with equipment. What a waste.The bed was comfortable, and they provide L'Occitane products, and all the basics are in the room. Pool and hot tub were nice. But there are so many little things they can do to improve the experience at this hotel.
3	This is a cute boutique hotel - I stayed in one of the Executive Rooms for four nights - roomy with an awesome king size bed and 42" flat screen TV. Friendly staff to boot, too.The pool area is amazing - unfortunately, I could only admire it from afar as it was too chilly to take a dip (there is a jacuzzi that they claim holds 50 people that I didn't take advantage of  - didn't bring the swim trunks).The only issue I had was the location of the hotel - having stayed near Tempe & Scottsdale on my last visit, being in downtown Phoenix was a drag. It didn't feel like a real downtown to me and there was lots of street construction going on for their transit system. On the plus side it is near some of the gay bars (if that counts for anything).
4	This isn't for the experience of staying here but for the experience of working here.I really loved my job here. I worked with incredible men who were inspired and passionate about what they do (Ben Bethel, Andre Bonhote, and William Reed). They made my job much more than a job. Despite the various downfalls the hotel experienced, they made a great leadership team who could absolutely pull it together and come out of it all ahead.Working at the front desk is a great job for a young, creative person who wants to learn hospitality or flex their talents learned at school/other properties that wouldn't give them the creative and personality freedom they wish for. The scheduling was flexible, the job was challenging, and provided a great catapult for my career path!As far as the property itself is concerned, it attracts a really diverse crowd; this means every day is a grab bag of emotions. One day can be alarmingly overwhelming and blood-boiling (like my first day, when we were overbooked and the guests we were getting in all had cancelled flights [very curt and beyond rude to the staff, usually]]); the next can be culturally fulfilling and flat-out honorable (like getting free tickets to the Rolling Stones or a sincere thank you from a long term guest here for brain surgery who credited his quick recovery to an incredibly attentive staff).The Jack-of-All-Trades aspect is what made me leave, but, in retrospect, all hourly jobs end up being like that.
5	You have come a long way baby.  I have been in this hotel when crack whores roamed the hallways.  A friend of mine was in town for the rodeo and stayed there.  He asked me to come over I donned my Kevlar and headed over. The place is nice now Retro Modern twist.
4	i have never stayed here but the rooftop bar at sunset is such a good idea. my  only complaint is the lack of music... other than that it is so beautiful.
2	I am very puzzled by all of these glowing reviews about this "motel"; it is an ugly, old cinderblock building (inside and out).  While I agree that the bed is very comfortable, I just can't get past the whole cinderblock/spackle thing.  I have read many glowing reviews by "one timers" on Trip Advisor which only makes me assume they are written by persons associated with the hotel or its employees.  Some of the reviews are hilarious, replete with multiple adjectives and adverbs describing the rooms and/or objects in the rooms in minute detail.  The "license plate" room numbers on the doors are very tacky.  It just isn't for me.  If Ben Bethel (the owner) reads this, I can guarantee you he will respond by stating that many rock stars stay at the Clarendon, blah, blah, blah.  It is what it is; a 2 star hotel with a swamp cooler.
5	One of my favorite hotels in Phoenix.  I worked there for a year and have stayed there a few times as well.Love the boutique feel, the colors, the furniture, the great atmosphere, the art, the pool, the rooftop....  I have been to fashion shows here and spent the most awesome new years eve ever here.  I have gotten guys to get naked and jump in the pool, I have done naughty dirty things in the hallways!  I have met numerous celebrities here.  I hung out with Cheech from Cheech and Chong at the bar.  I have been to magazine launches and birthday parties.....Every time I go in there something new and exciting has happened or changed!  I love this place and I love Ben too!  I hope it is around forever!
5	As a frequent business traveler, I can easily say that the clarendon is one of the few hotels I would want to return to on my own dime.  The staff is lovely, the pool is wonderful.  Great colors & artwork everywhere around the hotel.  The food at the C4 restaurant below is absolutely worth checking out (try the chop salad!).  The rooms themselves are definitely a notch above what you would normally find.  And really... the place just has incredible character.  Looking forward to my next trip to Phoenix, just to stay there.
4	Great hotel, even if you are not staying there. I loved the drink service that we got. We were able to sit next to the pool. The roof was not open, which was the main reason we went but just haning out there was great!
5	Stayed here for one night, and absolutely LOVED it. Our room was really clean and had a nice view of the pool and the hot buns laying out below. The bed was one of the most comfortable I have ever slept in.The front desk staff was always really helpful and friendly.We had a great time hanging out at C4. The waitresses were super nice, even after having to deal with some of my pretty drunk  friends. The drinks were stiff enough for me to get a nice buzz going, and well priced.Ordered room service and it was taking a little longer then I was told it would, so I called and it was sent up a few minutes later, and was told it would be NO CHARGE..Nice! The sandwich was delicious too!This will definitely be the hotel we stay at next time we are in Phoenix.Same price as the other hotels around town, but so much cooler.
3	I live in the neighborhood so was offended by the person who wanted to buy a dime bag and I would love to know what gas station is on the same street as the hotel. ( There is not one) The hotel is on a street with condos, apts, and medical offices so yes it is in a weird location.But it is cloe to DT if you need be.  Also, to the person who asked why they did not have music? I am guessing because it is in a heavy residential neighborhood. When they play music there they get a lot of complaints from neighbors since they usually do that sort of thing on the rooftop the sound projects. (Speaking from a person who was up three nights in the row with no sleep the last time they had a band party there!) I want to stay here though at least one night to check it out. I heard the restaurant is wonderful!
5	I love this place.My husband and I decided to spend a night downtown to celebrate our first year of marital bliss. We booked a king suite poolside and the room was much more than we could ever imagine. The decor is right up my alley- modern, quirky, unique. Our room was huge and comfortable. The bed was comfy and I absolutely loved how the art work could be used as a blackout curtain. The pool makes you feel like you are caught in a trendy scene in a movie. the perfect place to chill out and forget about what lies outside the courtyard. The price was right and I can guarantee we will be back and recommend this place to all of our friends.
2	This afternoon, I begged my husband to get me out of Scottsdale.  I, based on there website, checked out The Clarendon Hotel in D-Town - It was so horrible - that is all I will say.  I felt like I was in a bad John Waters flick - if Sid and Nancy were alive (and traveling) here is the place they would be!  Yikes!  I will say that the front desk guy was very nice and the decor was cool (although they need to repair whatever is going on with there front entrance).  Perhaps, I am just too mainstream.  Sorry Clarendon.
2	I was interested in staying there because on travelocity it was a 4 star hotel. However when we got there, i was shocked because it looked like... well what it was.  It was a remodeled apartment building complete with carport parking.  I was pretty disappointed. It looked like they tried hard to remodel it, but all up and down the hall the paint was chipping, and it just felt old, with a new rug. It would be cool, or ok if i wasnt expecting something expecting a 4 star i guess. But it was affordable. I didnt stay in the room, we switched hotels. I brought my daughter, and part of the "decor" is old pictures of naked women, which probably if i went with buddies i wouldnt mind as much, but it just didnt strike me as that tasteful. And thats all i have to say about that.
4	My better half and I stayed one night here as part of our 2 year anniversary "staycation".  I loved the entire experience.  There are admittedly some rough edges, as one would typically find in a re-furb of this nature, but all in all this is the most kick-ass hotel in Phoenix.  The overall design, aesthetic and service were incomparable. I love the artwork, the color scheme and the consistency in design and branding throughout the entire site.  The staff was welcoming, helpful and hip. We stayed in a king suite and the room was very clean, well-appointed and comfortable.  The AC was little wonky -- I think it was a swamp cooler, but I could be wrong -- it is monsoon right now and the 30% humidity feels oppressive to most Phoenicians this time of year. anyway.  The bathroom was kinda small, but immaculately clean.  The pool looked amazing, although we didn't bring suits and partake.  The bar was fantastic and the bar staff unparalleled. So much fun!  We intend to make the bar our new hang!  Best of all -- you get free calls to ANYWHERE in the world from your room!  How amazing is that!?  No one else offers free int'l calling!  In total the Clarendon rocks my houseboat!
5	Stayed here last night after visiting the bar earlier in the week.  This is the best pool in the Valley!  We took advantage of their summer special and not only loved our room, but enjoyed the food and beverages served at the pool.  There didn't really seem to be service at the pool and we had to make a few trips inside to place orders.  Late in the afternoon a waiter, Josh, began his shift and he was very attentive and just a really cool guy.The people took care of all our needs and we will be back...even if it is just to hang out at the pool (open to the public and open until midnight!)Asked for a late checkout and they let us stay until 1PM...had breakfast by the pool and relaxed until about noon.  Looking forward to trying out the roof top lounge when it reopens.The only thing that bummed us out was that the water effects they have were not working....you have to go at night and check them out.
2	Atmosphere: Urban Mess!Price: FairService: ExcellentRooms: Need WorkBathrooms: CoolShower: HorribleBed and Bedding: Very ComfortableHVAC: Blows on your faceTV: AmazingPool: The Best Part of the Hotel Awesome!Elevator: Get a NEW ONE!With some major work this place could really rock. It seems as if the owner is trying to make it great! So I give an A for effort!Hire a professional designer to finish the idea you were going for and get out of the way!Love the huge Flat Screens!
4	I can't give Clarendon the full five stars because I haven't actually stayed there as a hotel guest, but I think the modern decor, striking lobby, rooftop deck, and cordial staff merit four stars even though I haven't seen the rooms. We had a friend in town for the weekend and I thought it would be fun to stop by in the early evening to grab a drink and hang out on the rooftop deck. We were so happy we did because the panoramic views from the deck were absolutely stunning (hard to believe that you can see so much just by going up six floors) and the drinks that the bartender stationed on the roof mixed for us were really good (he makes a mean, not-too-sweet margarita if that's your thing!). There weren't many other people there (it was a Sunday night around 6 pm) - ok, to be honest, we were the only people on the rooftop deck (although the restaurant/bar and pool area were a little more occupied), but in some ways, that was part of the charm. We just got our drinks, sat down on the very modern and super-comfortable orange sectionals, and caught up on each other's news while watching the amazingly beautiful sunset reflect off the buildings downtown and the mountains on all sides of us. If you are in town for a weekend getaway and want to stay somewhere with a more urban feel (but also get a chance to see Phoenix's natural beauty at night), I think you would really enjoy staying here. There is also a lot within walking distance, which isn't true of many nicer Phoenix-area hotels. Or, you could do what we did and just stop by for an hour or two and enjoy some good drinks on the amazing rooftop deck!
5	The Clarendon hotel perfectly embodies the desert modern aesthetic that I miss so much about Arizona and (parts of) California.  I lived in Arizona for seven years before moving to New York City and then Boston.  I still come to Arizona for business and when I do I stay at the Clarendon.  I wish we had something like this on the east coast.  The decor is modern and in perfect harmony with the surroundings; it all just feels right.  The rooms are well-appointed and comfortable and it's the nice touches like the big flat-screen televisions, the comfortable beds, the very creative and artistic "curtains" and the quirky selection of snacks in the rooms that make this place really stand out.In addition, I think this has to be the best value in Phoenix.  Not only is it fun and unique but the prices are extremely competitive and they're centrally located; close to everything!  On top of this, the pool and water wall and lighting are simply amazing.  It sets a tone that cannot be beat.  I haven't been to the hotel since the opening of the roof top bar area, but the bar and restaurant at the lobby level are also very awesome.  This is the type of place where you want people to meet you because it is simply beautiful and your friends will think you have great taste.  Admittedly this hotel may not be for everyone, but if you are a fan of Dwell or DWR this is the place to be in Arizona.
3	Not a bad place.  Took my wife there just for a get away for a night and we had a good time.  We ate at the resturant there and the food was excellent.  The pool is really nice, but the hot tub was about the same temp as the pool???  The rooms are very big and comfortable, still have the smell of smoke from way back when, but wasn't too bad.  The A/C could use some renovation.  We had fun but we didn't linger long.  We checked out fairly quick.
4	Did the rooftop bar tonight.  Walking into the hotel, the lobby is super-chic!  I loved the bright colors and especially all the red!The elevator to the roof was different - the back wall was glass so you could see the bricks as you went up to the 4th floor.  It was hot in there, though.Got out of the elevator and I noticed all the rooms had AZ license plates to announce the room number.  Original idea!!!Got to the roof and...it's like the world stopped.  It's only 4 floors, but the view of the city is great.  The place was empty - 10pm on a Friday night???  I guess since it was First Friday and there was quite a crowd downtown, that people were still doing the art walk.Headed straight for a comfy couch and sat down, completely relaxed by the atmosphere.  I knew instantly that this would become a regular hangout for me.Only gripe was that, despite us being the only patrons, the tables were covered in empty glasses and bottles.  Bartender is Dallas, a fellow Yelper.  He's friendly and super-cute!Crowds started arriving around 11pm.  It was such a mix of people.  Dottsy and I came up with nicknames for each group: Tempe crowd (one girl was showing off her tattoo of the band Tool.  What a tool!); Scottsdale crowd (the girls asked us to take a pic, though one didn't even smile); Phoenix crowd (just regular people, not trying to impress, like us!) and then a few random folk.Soft music in the background.  This is what I liked best.  I spend a lot of time in clubs and it was nice to be able to have a conversation without trying to shout over the music.I'll be back.  Dallas, you'd better remember what I drink next time! (diet Coke with a hunk of lime)
3	The Clarendon was the last stop on my fun Friday night with Amy D. We headed to the rooftop lounge. When we first got to the hotel, we were greeted by the receptionist who opened the door for us and welcomed us. He directed us to the elevator which was like a sauna once we got in. Headed up a few flights of stairs to make it to the roof. What a pretty view! We weren't too terribly high up. I wasn't afraid of a nose bleed but the song "Up on the Roof" popped into my head as I took in the pretty night view. After musing at the fact that a Drifters song managed to make it into my head, I ordered a drink. I asked for Effen Cherry with Soda. Um... it was more soda then Effen vodka and they were out of straws... Oh well.Amy and I sat on a couch. I noticed how dirty all the tables were. It looked like we had just missed a frat party.Another thing that bothered me was that the north side of the lounge was barricaded by ugly Caution tape. I wish they would put something else up there. It ruined their sleek motif. There was some cool lounge music being played that didn't drown out our conversation and managed to relax me.The other patrons were mixed. There was the classic "Scottsdale" crowd that bothered us to share the couch, and take their picture for them, in the middle of a juicy conversation. There was a "Tempe" crowd which was kind of loud but not too bad. And then the "Phoenix" crowd which were your average joes on an night out. My b-day is coming up and Clarendon is in the running for my bash. I will have to visit the lounge again to make a final decision. I hope to upgrade the rating very soon!
3	I haven't stayed at the Clarendon Hotel, nor have I dined in the restaurant. What I have done at the Clarendon is get ridiculously hammered at the roof top bar...... more than once. The hotel itself does boast eclectic modern decor with some quirky, interesting details. As mentioned before the back of the elevator is glass and having the brick wall that close kinda gave off a "coffin" feel. (not to mention that all the air was sucked out of my lungs upon stepping inside) It was HOT in there. The roof top bar is fabulous. I'm pretty sure they're doing some remodeling up there as there is, as previously mentioned, caution tape etc. around the edge of the seating area. With the hand full of slight annoyances such as having a pretty limited bar selection and only one bartender (fellow yelper Dallas G. who pours a fabulous drink and also happens to be pretty easy on the eyes bitches) the view of downtown more than makes up for it. Allow me to sum up my experience:I drank.I received a bag of gay porn and like 8 types of lube from a pre-op transgender named Sara.I kissed her on the cheek and told her I loved her. I drank.I had fun.I will be back.
3	Friday night started out great. Beautiful sunset view from the top of the Clarendon, plenty of people on the roof and festivity in the air. The rooftop on the Clarendon is a great place to hang out, no question. Few kinks to be worked out before it's ready for the big time though.First, they hit the limit on capacity pretty quickly. Though it's obviously a fire code thing, it's frustrating when a group gets split up just because someone went downstairs to use the facilities or, in our case, to take pictures. The addition of another stairwell should alleviate this, and it can't happen fast enough.The staff, while certainly not rude, was missing something. Spark, charisma...not sure, but it wasn't there. The rooftop bartender Dallas was one of the pokiest bartenders I've ever seen, a problem that was only magnified by the apparent unintuitiveness of what machine they were using to ring up drinks. Credit cards took forever to run and odd drink prices ($4.87 for a bottle of Heineken? Really?) made counting out change a necessity, further increasing the wait times. Please just round out the prices. Raise some and lower others, but don't give us odd numbers. Either that or find a bartender who's faster at counting.After realizing that our group wasn't going to make it back up top, we all moved poolside, which was beautiful. The flowing water backdrop coupled with the rainbow-like walkway (it's actually designed by the notes from So Long, Farewell, owner Ben Bethel's tribute to his best friend who passed away in 2007) lead to many comments about photo shoots and questions about how to install the same device in their homes. The Clarendon walks the very fine line between modern and retro cool.While the area itself was great, the service wasn't. It really shouldn't take nearly a half an hour to receive a beer and appetizers (I had the guacamole and shrimp ceviche, were were quite good). At least bring the drinks out right away if the food takes time to prep, please.Our recommendations? Simplify the drink prices, tell the staff to work a little faster and get that extra stairwell up, pronto.
4	I really wish I didn't wait until it was too cold to swim to actually come to The Clarendon, because they have the coolest pool I have ever seen. I heard about the Sunday swim parties but never got the balls up to go. My loss! I have not actually stayed at the hotel, but I have visited every floor, both bars and the bathrooms. I also peeped in someones room because they left their drapes open. I must say, the rooms look pretty dope. Personally, I think the elevator is cool and sure, it was warm, but I most certainly would not complain because you spend fifteen seconds in an elevator. The rooftop bar is pretty damn awesome. What an amazing view of the city!!! (the bartender isn't bad to look at either, when he is there) We went on a Saturday night and there was a comfortable amount of people. Just make sure you bring a jacket now that it is cooler at night, otherwise you will freeze because it is windy. They just got the heaters in yesterday, so I'm sure they will have those up at any time. I can't wait to actually stay here so I can update on the rooms and service. Maybe I will meet some hot stud who can wisk me away for an in-town vacay.. the chances of that are pretty slim, so maybe I will just start hanging around the FREAKING AWESOME guys bathroom.. they get to pee into Rolling Stone mouth urinals! What??!?!? (check the pics). The bathroom is the best part of this hotel.
4	Location, style, exactly what I was looking for!  Classy but with gay twist.  It is one of the best places to stay in Phoenix.  Except they could have had a better more comfortable bed.  Maybe it was just our bed?  Maybe room 324 is the last room due for a new bed.  I'll go back and stay here again for sure.  Crossing my fingers about the bed.
4	I had the pleasure of staying at this ultra swanky, mid-century styled boutique hotel this past weekend, and from now on, I will probably stay here every time I go to Phoenix. From the lobby to the pool to the bar/restaurant to the rooms, The Clarendon is one cohesive design aesthetic.  It's unlike any place you've stayed before.   From the bottom, to the top, here's my review.The lobby is small but funky.  The friendly staff sit at a smallish desk with silver wallpaper behind them.  Beyond that is the pool with cool water features and color shifting lights changing the water from blue to green to purple and back, comfortable lounge seating is readily available poolside.  A giant jacuzzi is attached to the pool.The bar /restaurant is just off to the right of the lobby, and features a Mexico influenced menu.  I did have brunch here and the food was pretty good, however it was nothing you couldn't find at any other Mexican restaurant...well except for the chorizo mac'n cheese.  Which I did order and polish off.  The night before we had the horchata milkshakes with amaretto which were super tasty and had cream whipped so stiff it was almost like a dollop of butter floating on top.  mmm  mmmmm.The whole place is painted in bold primary colors and has interesting  whimsical photography adorning the walls from the purple hallways to the blue rooms.  Our room was massive and had plenty of room for an easy chair which I could have used.  The only seating options are the bed, and a desk chair.  Maybe they spent the furniture money on the giant flat screen TV complete with DVR.  Other room amenities include a cappuccino machine, WiFi, Aveda toiletries, mod lighting, central air, mini bar, carpet tiles, robes, and multiple outlets for plugging in all your recharge-ables.  I wish I could say I got a good night sleep, but I didn't.  I think I am too used to my sagging bed at home, and have a difficult time on a firm mattress.  I woke up with my back hurting each morning.  Ultimately you are supposed to sleep like the dead at a hotel, and this is the major reason The Clarendon doesn't get 5 stars.  Extra coolness points for catering to the gay community, (but don't worry you straight folks.....you're welcome too), and for being centrally located.
4	Shot the "govenor" here.... the movie not the acual govenor...Stayed here once when trying to get away from everybody...love the lighting in the whole place... great Idea to incorporate the art into shutters on the windows...great rooftop and pool area...Water fall!realy cool retro ... only reason why its 4 stars is it is still a apartment complex converted to a really cool hotel with lots of history... still cool but theres a few things that of the design can't hide.
4	The rooftop bar is really cool.  They need to add something overhead to make the couch areas more intimate, and it would have been nice to see the heaters up and running as it was really cold when we were there.  I could see this place being totally awesome during the summer with just a few shade sails or something.  The elevator is really slow, I didn't notice the heat but if they ever get any money for remodeling, it would be nice to replace the elevator.  The door was actually grinding against part of the wall or something, and it was really slow.
3	Had dinner here with my friend who is an artist and was showing at 1st Fridays. The swanky decor was really cool and artsy with great lighting. Food was yummy but not cheap. Would go back just for the ambiance and mellow atmosphere.
3	A group of friends and I decided to venture out to Phoenix and try something new for our NYE celebration. $25 got us access to the Clarendon's Snowball party. The food was good (however, some stations were out of food before I got to them), drinks were affordable, crowd was mixed, live band played a nice variety of music, and the staff was very accomodating. Even though it was really chill and low-key, my party of 7 had an enjoyable time.  Hanging out on the rooftop with the heating lamps was a nice way to finish off the night. It's really 3.5 stars, but went with a 3 for now. We're supposed to get a gift certificate for a future visit so I'll be sure to update my review once I receive it.
4	I liked the hotel very much...so lets just get the list started here:Good Points:A+ for overall styleAwesome ViewsCool flatscreensNice Art in the RoomsGreat Jacuzzi (love the underwater music)Staff was almost too friendly (orginally from the Eastcoast)Good food & Great Drinks on Rooftop BarFree Covered Parking!! (Luxury not available in LA)One BIG FAT Negative Point:Ummm...my Coffee Mugs were dirty!!...I was grossed out - and I really should have complained...well this is my formal complaint...get it togethor...no dirty mugs please...
4	While not a guest of the hotel, I had the chance to check out the public amenities at the hotel and Yay! I'm a fan...- The rooftop bar: the hipsterist of hipstery places in PHX. The view is pretty breathtaking and the music had a nice, lounge-y vibe. Its definitely a place to be seen - and see the white skinned hipsters avoid the sun and smoke cigarettes. The drinks were bad (the soda in my vodka was flat) and pricey, but still a great place to catch a drink.- The pool: apparently, despite the sign, anyone can come to the pool and take advantage of the somewhat sporadic poolside waitress. Again, pricey, but the drinks were good.  And nothing feels like vacation more than poolside bar service.If you can afford it, the Clarendon will make you feel like you're hanging out with the cool kids in a hipster paradise.  Right down to the urinals shaped like mouths from the Rolling Stones logo.
4	I"m so happy that it's warming up! Cuz that means that I can go swim yet again at the Clarendon's awesome swimming pool! I love that they let non-guests come, swim, change and lounge in their uber cool swimming pool. they'll even give you water and towels! How cool is that?!At night, Clarendon comes to life... sorta. If you supply the friends and plenty of drinkin' money, this place can be oodles of fun! I've had awesome conversations at the rooftop bar and have the chance to party at the craziest costume party I ever been to! But dude! $7 a shot?! WTF?! that's waaaay too much to spend for a friggin' drink unless you promise me that my funds are going towards cooling down that oven they call an elevator! But no more complaints. They have the BEST bathroom I've been in a while (except for Pan Asian Fusion Sushi, their can kicks ass!) and everything is so chic and funky lookin' I could just spit! I especially love the lounge furniture. The quirky things make this place an excellent place to hang out. I hope ya'll go to their next event!
3	Missed the roof this visit, but got to check out the poolside bar setup.  We had fun (epic discussion with people in the know about the new Jellyfish Sculpture, aweseom!) but it was a bit pricey for what we got, and I wish they could have moved the lounge chairs a bit, as we had a decently-sized group.  I'm really excited for the new restaurant to be open soon-ish.  Getting a restaurant operator in there is a good idea.
4	Aside from its ghetto-fab exterior, and the half-decent drinks you'll find at the rooftop bar, the Clarendon is an excellent place to stay for anybody passing through Phoenix.  A funky deco job complete with Arizona license plate room numbers, glass elevator (although all you see is the shaft wall), a gorgeous fiber-optic illuminated swimming pool, and rooms that seem individually designed by a swanky reality television show producer make the entire visual experience really worth checking out.  To cap it off, the entire building is abundant with good music, cool colors and great artwork.Did I mention the beds are super-comfortable pillowtop mattresses?The only reason I'm not stamping this place with a 5-star rating is the incomplete cocktail experience.  For $8 I was able to sip on a weak excuse for a gin & tonic at their rooftop lounge, which was really just a cluster of strange chairs and odd-placed tables.  As their star attraction (they have signs advertising the Clarendon's night life everywhere), I was sorely disappointed by their poor beverage service.  I later visited their restaurant bar and had a margarita and it tasted more like sweet & sour than the liquor.  Alas, it all came in plastic cups.Seriously, plastic cups?  Come on, Clarendon.  Let's have a little glass class please.
4	Have you ever seen that SNL skit with Chris Farley and Adam Sandler where they house sit and the dumpy, empty pool transforms into a tropical paradise complete with oodles of hot, gay men? That is what Nico and I had walked into. Now I hope this does not come off as offensive to any gay person reading this. I think that skit is hilarious no matter who you are. And Sandler and Farley are true comic gems. http://vids.myspace.com/index.cfm?fuseaction=vids.individual&VideoID=31956578 I did not realize that we came to lounge by the pool on the last day of the Phoenix Gay Pride weekend. Not that there is anything wrong with that. I wanted to have a splash fight with all the hot guys. To be fair, Nico enjoyed the lovely ladies too. I loved the decor inside and pool side. Vibrant colors and just a cool, hip vibe to the place. The entrance plastic banner was a little unexpected, but it's clear to see they are in the middle of some upgrades. I'm sure they will have a trendy-looking, bright sign up in no time. We lounged and had a few drinks before I spilled half of my awesome Lemon Drop on the pool deck. The female bartender said it was a secret recipe. It hit the spot in the hot sun. After pool time, we headed up to the roof top bar to check things out. It was about 5pm and a staffer was setting up for the evening. The views were great and we took a few photos with the skyline in the background. I could see this place would be a blast at night. I'm looking forward to heading back soon. I see on their website that the restaurant is open. A girlfriend and I may actually go today after work. I'm craving a Lemon Drop and splash fight!
2	I really want to like this place, but in four different trips there the experience has mostly been bad.  First time a bunch of us went for the rooftop bar, only to find it was closed for a private party.  So we went to the lobby bar and the service was incredibly slow.  We came back for the rooftop bar another weekend and actually got in...atmosphere is great!  They could really do something with that, but unfortunately the 'portable' bars are terrible.  Very slow service.  Next time we came for rooftop bar and it was again a private party and we were turned away (never good to turn customers away!).  Finally, we recommended some friends from L.A. stay there and the air conditioning was not working in the hotel.  They moved them to FOUR different rooms and none of them had working air.  As much as I want to like it, they can't seem to do much of anything to impress.
4	The Clarendon was also a staycation spot for me and a friend and I went and had a pretty lovely time.Great things:*The rooftop- the bar wasn't open but it was easy to just get a drink downstairs and bring it up.  The view of the city and the pretty pool is great.*The restaurant- Gallo Blanco: I'm going to crave that guacamole every day for the rest of my life.  * The pool and huge hot tub- the hot tub could have been warmer but it's great to have one so big.*The Beds: So comfortable- they don't lie when they brag about their beds & sheets.*The decor- so much character. *The staff- great waiter in the restaurant, great hotel staff, great bartenders.  Quick and easy check-in and check-out.*Attention to details- they have to-go coffee cups for you so you can make and take coffee from your room. Bad things:*They need to update their pool furniture.  It looks like it's seen better days- the outdoor chaises looked too dirty for me to want to lay on them and the other outdoor furniture was faded and pretty dirty.  *They could really use an outdoor pool bar because it's impossible to be in a swimsuit and go into the bar to get a drink.  *A lot of people complain about the AC- it seems they're in the process of adding individual air conditioners to rooms and ours definitely had one so we were comfortable.  However, the elevator is uncomfortably lacking in AC.*Spotty housecleaning- there was "something suspicious" on my headboard and a dirty pool towel left in our room.  *They make you sign something that says you won't bring alcohol into the hotel...Overall, I will definitely go again and had a great time.
4	Your opinion of the Clarendon will depend greatly on what kind of experience you're looking for in a vacation. Scottsdale puts on a great charade of Arizona, fast becoming a Disneyland with boob jobs. Its clean, and new and largely soulless. The visitors that stay there end up with an anesthetized view of the Valley. When I think of uniquely "Arizona" experiences, the Clarendon ranks right up there. Here is a building that has seen it all, and rather than strip it of its history, new ownership has polished and buffed it to a beautiful shine. From the moment your feet hit the entry, with its embedded glass in the driveway, you understand the vibe.  The lobby is largely positioned to encourage lounging- ample room, tables, power plugs and free wifi. You know how normally the last place you'd eat it as your hotel? The food is crap, expensive, and served by people who really would rather be shaving their toes? Gallo Blanco defies that in every way. The food is no nonsense authentic sonoran, served at prices that can't be believed, by staff who seem genuinely happy to be around. The margaritas are worth noting separately- as a local I've been nursed on tequila, but it never tasted like this. Everything about it is fresh-everything came from something in the ground, not a bottle. Sugar cane, fresh lime- it was singularly fabulous. Sangria ranks high as well for being white, not too sweet, and well balanced. A perfect poolside treat. Which brings us to the reason you're staying at the Clarendon: the pool. Hollywood sets wish they were this cool. Its big, its blue, with ample, bright poolside beds and couches.  A wall of waterfalls, an epic hot tub. As I hit my room finally at midnight, I was tickled by the inlaid stones of the pool, glittering in the moonlight. My friends and I were impressed by the rooms.  It provided something most rooms don't in hotels: space. Four of us sat comfortably around, people watching through the window, enjoying our cocktails and the inroom fridge. The flatscreen, appreciated, never even was turned on. I did however appreciate the advanced alarm radio which slowly lulled me from sleep Sunday morning.  Both men in our party noted somewhat humorously about the relative size of the sink. My morning shower provided immediate hot water and who can't appreciate a hotel that is generous with the high end shampoo and soap. My evening out was a hop on the light rail, I was in the center of everything. Ample COVERED parking made the summer heat bearable. My checkin and out was smooth. But my overwhelming reason you should stay at the Clarendon? Trust a local. The place is packed all the time with locals, working and hanging out in the lobby, enjoying the pool or the rooftop. End of story? If a truly uniquely Arizona experience, complete with local flavor and personality is what you're looking for, you can do no better than the Clarendon.
4	Well, I FINALLY stayed at the Clarendon this past weekend so I figured it was high time to write an update to my review! Clarendon is the perfect place for a staycation! The rooms are reasonably priced and with the addition of the Gallo Blanco restaurant, this boutique hotel has everything you need. My room had the most comfortable bed, contemporary decor, a huge flat panel tv and a little fridge! The pool is fabulous and attracts some pretty awesome looking cats on the weekends. I love that they provide the towels AND the sunscreen :-) During the weekends they also open up the poolside bar where you can get food and beverage service. I love not having to leave the water! Overall I think Clarendon is pretty amazing and I am stoked to have a new place to lounge on the weekends!
4	Hotel Clarendon (http://www.goclarendon.com/) is a recently renovated hotel located in the midtown area of downtown Phoenix, not far from the art museum and conveniently located just a couple of blocks from the new light rail system. The hotel has been decorated in mid-century style -- giving it a hip and trendy appearance similar to the Ian Schrager boutique hotels. However, it's not the sort of place for people who enjoy Marriott, Hilton, or Starwood-flagged 'beige box' resort properties.. you have to accept the quirks that come with an independent boutique operation in an older (although renovated) building in a transitioning neighborhood. The owner strives to incorporate local businesses from decor to food offerings.  The hotel is also adding more modern amenities that are expected -- like individually controllable air conditioning units in each room.  The GM and staff genuinely appreciate your business and are 'make it happen' types who will go out of their way to make sure you're completely satisfied. The rooftop bar offers one of the best views of the Valley at sunset; the pool area's design is amazing; and the hotel's restaurant serves tasty and inexpensive TexMex cuisine.
4	i really enjoyed myself there..  the pool area is the best, the restaurant and the staff are both wonderful..  it is a friendly, hip and comfy place.. a great place for a " daycation"!.. i would have given 5 stars but there was one thing that annoyed me...  the room was too dark.... i had to keep all the lights on in the daytime to see.... otherwise, i think it is a great place to stay!
4	I stayed at the Clarendon the weekend of 6/19 - 6/21 and I was very happy with my stay.  I had a sitting room and a bedroom, both of which were very comfortable. I particulary liked the restaurant... great tacos with one of the hottest salsas I've had in a very long time.  The drinks at the bar were very very good. I recommend any of the special drinks... refreshing and different. great pool, nice people. I'll stay here next time I'm in Phoenix without a doubt.
4	The Clarendon Hotel, located in Downtown Phoenix, is a very cool hotel with a brand new restaurant located in the lobby. I was turned onto this place by none other than Dallas G when he began to bartend here. Or was it before that? Anyway, they have a rooftop bar with tables, cushy chairs and big couches. I believe that the bar is not open during the summer, but you can still go sit up there. In the spring, fall, and winter, the rooftop is great. Incredible views of the city, great weather, and just relaxing. The pool is super cool too. I have yet to enjoy the pool itself, but have attended some events around the pool. The pool has some fiber optic lights in the bottom that remind me of stars, a little runway from one side to the other, and is open to the public on the weekends. They have several large beds surrounding the pool. There are also the customary chaise lounges and tables. I believe there is a bar outside during the day also. I have sampled some of the food from the restaurant, Gallo Blanco, but not enough to review the entire restaurant. The corn on the cob with Mexican cheese is amazing, can't remember the real name. The little soft tacos they serve were very good as well. Be sure to check out the Mens room ladies. The urinals are like The Rolling Stone lips, not sure if the Womens room has anything cool. I have yet to stay here so I can't comment on the rooms, but I have heard very good things. Go check this place out.
4	My 3rd stay at the Clarendon was over 4th of July weekend, I really like this place. I have no need for large resorts with fancy spas, I never use the spas. The Clarendon provides the great rooms and beds along with a cool pool without the extras I have no need for. Plus in the summer, they have super deals. I like the decor in the rooms, colorful and modern, and the beds and linens are absolutely fantastic. We had a king suite, with a seperate sitting area and huge flat screen tv in the bedroom. This is my favorite place to stay in Phoenix, a better alternative to the standard chains.
4	I love this place, i honestly do... but! things have changed over the past year or so since i've been staying there. yes i am a local and this is my *getaway* place to relax and unwind. First thing i noticed is that upon my checkin just a week ago, there was only 1 water in the fridge and no candy/chip/gum in the room... i remember there used to be that stuff and i have used that service before. where did it go??? also the room a/c is horrible during day (need a fan, which they put in the closets) a must during the day. nights are great there, cool rooms and big beds and so comfy too. and the big flat screens are very nice to have. now for the internet issue... OMG! trying to get the internet is mission impossible. countless calls to the front desk so they can *reset* the router. but once it's up and working, no problemo...still my fave hotel downtown, been going for years and will for years to come.
2	After hearing about this hotel for years and seeing all the pictures, I finally went! Lord, that was a long time coming. I wanted to love it, I thought I would love it, but I was not impressed. I won't be stopping by any time soon. The place was swarming with hot men and women. No complaints. The restaurant was packed with more hot men and women. No complaints. But I went up to the bar for a drink and was ignored! Major complaints. I waited 10 minutes, just standing there until the bartender begrudgingly asked if I wanted something (uh, yeah, that's why I'm standing here). The bar had a menu of drinks posted and they did not deviate from it. So don't you dare ask for something that's not listed. They will roll their eyes and point at the sign. And don't ask about the micro-brews on tap because the answer will be an irritated, "Don't know. Never had it." And don't ask for a red bull and vodka because the answer will be, "We don't have that." And don't ask, "What kind of energy drinks do you have?" because the answer barked back at you will be, "Coffee!" "Holy crap," I thought as I walked away. I'd expect that kind of attitude in Scottsdale, but Central Phoenix?! Puh-lease! I took the non air-conditioned elevator up to the rooftop. It was a beautiful night with a beautiful view of the Central Phoenix corridor. But no bar service. I had to go all the way back to the unpleasant bartender girl downstairs. Ugh. The pool area was nice. I liked the big wall of water and the City of Phoenix logo sculpture. But the oppressive chlorine vapor stung my eyes and reminded me of a wave pool at a water park. The problem is the pool is not that big and the excessive use of chlorine was not necessary. The room that my friends were staying at was nice. (I didn't spend the night though.) It smelled like a dorm room. The furnishings were nice and had an enormous flat-screen TV, but did I mention it smelled like a dorm room. I did like the awareness of history. In the 1970s an investigative reporter was a victim of a violent, awful crime after having left the hotel. Today, there is a statue of him in the lobby with a brief description of what happened. And down the hall by the gym are much larger photographs and newspaper clippings about the event too. I liked that the Clarendon acknowledges this event. It felt part hotel and part history museum. But these pluses are outweighed by many more negatives. First rule of business (according to me): don't treat the people who come into your establishment and give you money like crap. It pisses them off and they don't come back.
5	I'm a local Phoenician who has been here since 1980 and I must say that the Clarendon Hotel is one of my favorite destinations in the entire Phoenix Metro area. Ben Bethel and co. have a true eye for detail, the entire place is both modern and hip yet at the same time relaxing and comfortable. The Starlit pool and 50 person jacuzzi are to die for and the beds are the most comfortable around (same mattresses used by the Four Seasons!) The newly revamped restaurant, Gallo Blanco, is another welcomed addition to the Hotel, the food is stellar, top notch quality. And no, I am not an employee nor do I have any other vested interest in the Clarendon. I simply love the place, its staff and owners. The Clarendon is our go-to spot to celebrate our birthdays and anniversary or otherwise just relax and unwind a bit. If you're looking for a hidden gem in the heart of Phoenix, the Clarendon is it. You will not be disappointed. :) -Andres Yuhnke
4	I thoroughly enjoyed my most recent business trip to Phoenix because of the staff at the Clarendon.  Ben Bethel went out of his way to introduce himself to me and invite a call on his cell phone regardless of the time.  The front desk staff were unfailingly polite and welcoming.  The bartender loves talking football and served up prognostications between drinks and dinner.  When I had an impromptu business meeting, the staff offered up the conference room at no extra charge.  It is that type of service that will make the Clarendon my first choice for business stay when in Phoenix.In the interest of transparency, you're probably wondering why I rated the hotel only 4 stars.  The elevator was out-of-order.  While it wasn't a huge inconvenience, walking to the second story in 107 degree heat certainly qualified as "less than perfect".  The lobby is decorated in that "hip, urban warehouse" look and it doesn't quite come off like you might expect.The Don Bolles "museum" is morbidly interesting.  For those of you unaware of the story, Arizona Republic reporter Bolles died 11 days after his car exploded at the Clarendon Hotel, in 1976.  the clarendon displays a bust of Bolles in the lobby and has 10-12 pictures, along with the story, in a hallway.  I suppose there is no other choice but to acknowledge the fact that the murder happened there and honor the man who was executed.  Like a train wreck, I couldn't stop reading the account on the walls of the hotel.The pool are and hot tub is pretty cool but not as great as the pictures on the website.  The restaurant is simply amazing; I had dinner at the bar and Huevos Rancheros for breakfast the next morning.  I'd return for the dining experience alone.Anyone could disparage the physical plant as not living up to the website but it would be a rare person who could actually criticize the staff.  Warm, friendly, helpful, and eager to make your stay comfortable.  THAT...is hard to beat.
5	I'm really surprised at the negative reviews of the Clarendon from people on here.  I've never had anything but get bar service either on the roof or in the lounge.  While I've never stayed at the Clarendon, we go every so often to hang out with friends for a few drinks.To begin, the rooftop is amazing.  It is the perfect place for those cool winter nights.  They even have heaters if you get too cold.  The bar upstairs isn't fully stocked but they have enough to save you a trip downstairs.  Finally, the view is really impressive.  It is great to escape the craziness every so often.The pool area is one of the best in Phx.  I guess they charge now but I hear you get a towel and sunblock so I don't suppose that's a bad thing.  The pool is gorgeous, especially at night, and there are always pretty people around it.  The interior of the hotel is classic.  Strange art pieces and Rolling Stone-inspired urinals really bring out the quirks of this place.  The lounge and bar are nicely appointed and really make for a great place to hang out when the temperatures are inhospitable.  Also, don't forget the amazing Gallo Blanco restaurant inside.  I simply love the Clarendon and am totally excited for the temps to cool off so I can hit the rooftop again!
4	Seems that a lot of negative reviews of the Clarendon come from never having experienced all that is the Clarendon. I've been there on several occasions and never had a bad time. This past weekend was the first time I stayed there, and it was complimentary thanks to the gift certificates I received when I attended their Snow Ball New Years Eve party at the beginning of this year.First off, the decor should be enough to sweep you off your feet. The lobby is exquisite and I want that wall treatment in my next house. The rooms are well thought out and modern and stylish. When you first enter, the lights are on for you, and soothing instrumental music is playing from the alarm clock. That right there was enough to make me want to fall asleep. Then I made the mistake of laying on the bed. I have to revoke my claim that I have the worlds comfiest bed. This bed was so seductive that I went to bed at 10:30 that first Friday night. Yes you heard me. 10:30. Lights out for Tonia.I enjoyed having Gallo Blanco right in the same building as well as the rooftop bar, which made for a great Saturday night. When I left Sunday morning, for some reason my 2nd night was charged to my account, but Matthew, who was working the front desk carefully went through and corrected the situation for me. He was awesome.My only complaint about the Clarendon is that I'd love to see some cute glassware instead of the disposable cups in the rooms. Also, being that it's an old building, despite having four or five routers for guests, I was never able to get a wireless signal, and was told by the front desk they barely get one either. There should be some way to make that work.With reasonably priced, modern, comfortable as hell rooms and a staff that will sweep you off your feet, I'll definitely be back.
5	I love this hotel! I've been staying at the Clarendon exclusively for the past 5+ years every time I work in the Phoenix area. Whenever I DJ at parties out here I always insist the promoters book me here at the Clarendon. I love the fact that this hotel is an old apartment building that looks like it was built in the 1960's, the retro decadent look is so cool. The swimming pool and jacuzzi are definitely the highlight here especially in the evening when the bottom of the pool is sparkling with fiber optic lighting. Every year I visit here the hotel is changing and improving it's look and amenities. I'm looking forward to the newly remodeled rooftop with plush seating and bar and a wonderful view of the city skyline
2	We checked into one of their suites at about 6pm on a Friday. We checked out at about 6:30pm the same day. The place wasn't what we were expecting. I guess the best way to describe it is a Motel 6 with Ikea furniture. The room smelled musty and the flat screen tv's weren't even in hi-def. They just morphed the standard def picture across the screen. Lame. And what's up with the roof? I don't see what's so great about a view of Basha's.  The guy at the desk did refund our money without any problems however. I thought that was cool. Gallo Blanco is great. The Clarendon Hotel, not so much.
2	The overall hotel is wonderful. I stayed here in Dec. The Lobby is beautiful, pool wonderful (however not heated) and hotel room was great. We had two double beds with a wonderful living room set up. Beautiful trendy decor. Plush bedding and linen, large flat screen TV, IPOD alarm clock, and all those wonderful little perks. The bad. I'm sorry to say that the service is extremely poor. This is why my rating is so low. There where a total of 3 good employees, the housekeeper, a maintenance person, and one person in the Lobby. We where not told about the paid parking (however we where rebated our money for the parking), the people at the desk where not very friendly pretty snobbish, the bar that is not owned by the hotel closes at 10pm we where ignored repeatedly by all staff then told it was closed.  Next time we went and where able to get a drink our female bartender was extremly rude.I would stay there again if I got a discount and didn't have to deal with the staff, or better yet if they changed staff.
5	I stayed at the Clarendon from Thursday, February 4th to Monday, February 8th.  Although my reservations had been made through a large travel firm, I was booked by the large firm into an incorrect type of room.  The staff at the Clarendon, both the desk clerks and the maids, were extremely helpful and friendly.   They moved me to the room of my choice with no problem.  The bed was incredibly comfortable and the rooms had comfy and hip furnishings.  I spent a lot of time by the gorgeous pool (LOVE that waterwall!) and at the rooftop bar.  The restaurant in the hotel is fabulous!I will definitely stay there again but I'll book directly next time since the Clarendon will match any on-line offers.
2	After dinner and a drink at the restaurant in the hotel (see my review for Gallo Blanco) we took a stroll around the pool, lobby, and rooftop bar area. I noticed a few things I really liked, and MANY that would keep me from ever recommending someone to stay here. 1. The pool area has obviously had some thought go into decorating, and they pay respect to the city with a giant Phoenix bird sculpture, awesome!2. They have art all over from different parts of Arizona, as well as Arizona license plates on the rooms and directional signs. I love the sense of pride for where we are from.That's about all the good qualities we could find. . . the bad....:1. The windows on the outside of a building are those from a disgusting slum of an apartment building. It's obvious you took a shortcut and couldn't spend the money to finish the remodel.2. You have disgusting stairs, carpets, and rails on all the outdoor common areas. Again, did you want to finish this remodel?3. The hallways we walked through at the end of the building smelled like puke, and had worn out carpet along with thick coats of paint that appeared to be centimeters thick. Did you strip the walls before you started the remodel? The smell of vomit went away as soon as the smell of marijuana from someones room took over.4. Your elevator buttons don't light up, and the elevator is scary with stained carpet. I felt like I was picking up an STD just standing in it.This place feels like a Daytona Beach spring break hotel from the 90's or perhaps one of the trendier hotels in Rocky Point. It feels like a third world attempt to be upscale, and it's obvious that someone wanted to half-ass their way through a remodel. Not to mention the fact that I've watched the owner go on various chat boards and forums across the internet only to talk shit about every property in town that is worlds nicer than his. I hope that anyone who stays here is used to Motel 6, enjoys watching people making out in halls, and likes thumping techno, because that is the only way they will be impressed. This place is like third world spring break 24/7, and I'm pretty sure the "bar" on their rooftop is actually a folding Costco card table.
5	Dear Clarendon,Where have you been all my life? I miss you already and here's why:the sheets-what is the thread count...1000?the big flat screen TV that provided me with plenty of mind rotting TV to watch while i lounged in my GIANT comfortably bedyour roof... oh baby, your roof is to die for. i've traveled the world and nothing beats the AZ desert sunset!!and finally, the beautiful friendly people who you employ. seriously, is a qualification that you have to be a charming doll to work here or what? analisa is adorable and had me laughing my face off...LOVED her! my only complaint is i can't spend more time here... my visits to PHX are few & far between. love lovesLB
4	I love the decor here. It is bright and modern and really feels like Phoenix funk. The multi-colored mosiac tiles that cover the wall separating the pool from the hot tub are gorgeous. The pool area is great wtih cacti lined in front a wall fountain.The rooms were nice - a bit dark as we couldn't get our lamp to work. The beds are really, really comfortable. The fixtures are very modern.The customer service was lacking. I think it's the main thing that stands in their way of moving towards being a real boutique hotel. It wasn't terrible, but it wasn't as responsive as it could have been.The cafe was great! All local food, delicious, and incredibly affordable.Our rate was also cheap. $89/night for two nights. We booked through a different website, but I was really surprised at how cheap it was given the decor, cafe, rooms, etc.Overall I think this is a great place. There are 4-5 really small details that they could easily change that would take them to the next level - but alas, they are so small that it seems silly to write them in a yelp review and have those details bury all the overwhelmingly great stuff about this hotel. I'll send them an email instead.
5	What a great place! The food was good, cool pool, nice rooftop. The staff was great and very friendly. Comign from Texas where drinks are 50 cents, the bar  was prcey, but well worth it.  The rooms are very colorful and hip.I am already planning another visit and will be staying here for sure.
1	I'm really surprised The Clarendon is getting anything above two stars. Our stay was horribly disappointing. As I type, we are on our 4th night of a 5-day stay and have had to ask for linens to be delivered to the room EVERY DAY. The first three days, housekeeping supplied towels for one person to shower. My husband and I considered a game of Ro Sham Bo to see who got to be clean that day, but instead chose to call down to the front desk to request linens be delivered. We had to call three days in a row to ask for linens and to have the bathroom cleaned, trash emptied and carpet vaccumed. By the 4th day the floor had been vaccumed and the trash emptied, but there were NO LINENS AT ALL.  After another call to the front desk, towels were sent up, but without wash cloths. The young man stated there were no more wash cloths in the hotel and there was nothing he could do about it. Then, ANOTHER call to the front desk and a few minutes later we had washcloths. Had we not already pre-paid the entire 5-day stay, we would have checked out and been happy with a Motel 6 an hour away. Heck, I would have called my friend in Queen Creek and asked to stay in her barn. We could bath in the trough and dry ourselves with a horse blanket.
1	After seeing so many gorgeous photos of the Clarendon's roof-top bar, we made the trek over to check it out. Let's just say they have a fabulous photographer because this place is really a dump.The roof-top deck had no bar service (you can carry your drinks from the ground-floor bar). Mix that with peeling paint chips on the astroturf-ish deck, no music and rickety chairs ... it wasn't a winning combination. We quickly left and found another spot that was a bit more welcoming.We did get a peek at one of the rooms on our way out and they looked nice. Still, I would be hugely disappointed if I booked a room here.
3	This place was cool very gay freindly. Bartender staff was a totally rude. Hotel staff was great. Cool rooms great pool except the hot tub was Luke warm when we were there. Guacamole was bomb. That is all
5	When I was a kid I loved the TV show Hotel starring James Brolin (before he became Mr. Streisand). I was fascinated by hotels. So much that I wanted to live in a hotel. Room service. Chocolate on the pillow. Beds that vibrate for a quarter. Well, I didn't always say they were nice hotels. While I don't live in a hotel, I practically live at The Clarendon.Things I have done at The Clarendon. And I can't list everything because my mother reads my reviews...Slept in perhaps the most comfortable bed in the world. Attended a rockin' Halloween party dressed as, c'mon, guess...Yep...Hello Kitty.Attended photo shoots.Had drinks by that glorious pool and waterfall.Watched the sunset on the fabulous rooftop patio. Become a regular (yep, they even know my name!) at Gallo Blanco.Had dozens of extremely happy out of town visitors stay here. Enjoyed the men's urinals shaped like big red lips.Dried my hands on that amazing Dyson hand dryer (insert hands for 12 seconds and they're drier than a Napa Brut)Left my beloved bomber jacket at GB and retrieved it the next day...honest, honest employees.Great staff from hotel to restaurant. Attentive. Friendly. Professional. I want to move somewhere else just so I can go on vacation and stay at The Clarendon. But. Wait. I don't have to. I can simply cross the street from my pad and enjoy this fabulous Phoenix gem. PM for the R rated version. Chow.
2	ok, so i've never actually stayed in a room here, i only come to be a freeloader in their pool and indulge in their mojitos and guacamole, so my review is based on the aforementioned only. but my experiences at the clarendon pool as a guest have been less than satisfactory, worthy of a yelp review in hopes that they will get their act together.my friends and i came to the pool one night around 10pm for a drink and a dip and were treated like shit by the bartender (who happens to be "family").  apparently she was closing down the bar and couldn't make us mojitos or any other mixed drink, only beer. and when i went to pay with a debit card, her comment was "oh, you just HAD to go and do this to me, didn't you?" what? pay for my drink? i wanted to chuck the beer in her face and tell her to have it back. my friends ended up not ordering from the wicked bitch of the clarendon and headed out to the pool drink-less. the next time i was here the pool area was a freaking mess. there was not one chair or table that had been cleaned or spared from the disaster of the prior party that day. cups, plates, towels, scattered everywhere.  if i were an actual guest staying at the hotel, i would have been appalled.  but as a non-paying guest i felt as though i didn't really have a legitimate say in the condition of the pool, but i told the guy at the front desk anyways. he was a total jackass and blankly stared at me while i asked him kindly if he could clean up the pool. he told me he would send someone out to clean it up, but that never happened. their guac is grand and usually their drinks are decent. the beer selection is limited and really needs a face lift. but basically, this place has gone downhill. in times of recession you should care 50 times more what your place looks like to stand out above the rest. obviously the clarendon doesn't. and they want to start charging people $10 a day to use their pool starting june 1st. HA. what a joke. clean up your act clarendon.
5	Loved every minute of my stay here...even though it was 108 degrees (yes, I realize I was in Phoenix in the summer...)The room was clean, the bed was very comfortable, and there was a cool song mix playing on the radio.  The pool was fantastic, drinks poolside served quickly and with a smile!  I wish I would have tried the hot tub out, but like I said 108 was a bit too warm to get into hot water....Can't wait to go back to Phoenix and stay here again!
4	Great hotel.  Very unique style, sizes of the rooms were great.  Beds comfortable.  Staff was very friendly and made sure to always help when we needed anything or had questions.  Pool was so nice, warm/cool.
5	This place is a CenPho jewel! The rooms are awesome (which include iPod players, a refrigerator and LARGE HD TVs). And then there's the most awesome pool and the most awesome rooftop bar (with an amazing view of the city). It just "most awesome" all around. I love this place!
4	I just stayed here a few nights back, and I thought it was pretty great. Comfy bed, nice sheets, free Internet, good temperature control, Aveda products in bath. The hotel itself is a bit of a hodge-podge decoratively; kind of like somebody got a subscription to Wallpaper and decided they could be a decorator. That said, altogether it is sort of winning and it feels like a good value. Plus, the restaurant downstairs was perfecto when we visited.
3	my husband and i stayed on a monday night just as a 'stay-cation' and it was busier than i had expected. HUGE bed and very comfy. the AC buzzed  off and on all night and we didn't have the bathrobes that were advertized online. BUT the rooftop deck had a nice view and the breeze was welcomed. we got a drink from the bar and took it up to the roof with us. the pool looked very inviting but there were too many kids splashing around for us to want to venture in.overall it was a good experience and not bad for the discount rate that we found. we were definitely impressed by the huge bed.
4	Loved:1) the glass of wine given to us while we checked in upon arrival2) the pool in the middle of the complex3) the color coordinated rooms with small ACs and wine coolers4) the super duper fluffy Sealy brand beds, flat screen TV,  5) the dual purposed works of art that served as curtains as well.6) the well equipped roof top patio Slighty bothered by:1) with all the above, there really wasn't much to be irked by.If you are going to Phoenix any time soon, can you pay for me too?
5	How can you not love this place?  It has the best pool in the valley, is retro chic and has Gallo Blanco in the lobby.
5	I love this place so much.  It has totally been my summer hangout this year.  We come for a meal, and then use the card they give you with the bill to swim in the pool and enjoy the jacuzzi.  I am excitedly planning a staycation with my gal pals next summer at the Clarendon.  It is so convenient to uptown destinations.  We will bring our bikes and cruise around.But I digress.  The pool is gorgeous.  It has an underwater speaker system rocking a sweet surf mix.  It has tiny lights in the floor, so that when you look at it from the rooftop, it glistens.  The jacuzzi is huge.  It's as long as the pool is wide.  Both pool and jacuzzi have bench seating all around.  I love the Taco Tuesday madness, the Wednesday flamenco dancing, and the Saturday rooftop yoga.  I love the Gallo Blanco restaurant and the artwork displayed throughout the place.  I love the pictoral history of the Don Bolles murder.   I love the glass wall in the elevator and the license plate room numbers.   I can't wait to actually stay here!
2	Terrible hotel.  The website makes it look like a nice place, but in the end, it's a dump.  The building is run down and badly painted.  Our room had a weird odor and we found a huge roach in it.   The rooftop and pool are nothing like the pictures, and the restaurant had bland boring food.  They even authorized $65 out of my bank account to pay the $33.09 I owed them at checkout.  This is on top of the $50 authorization for incidentals.  When I called to complain, they obviously didn't care and referred me to my bank.Other Cons:Need to ask the front desk for pool towelsNeed to ask the front desk for ice (no convenient ice machine)Restaurant serves canned soda Uncomfortable bed Pros:The pool view rooms were largeThe rooms themselves were cool with a fun and colorful decor
1	Great design, but don't let the pictures fool you.  This place attempts to be upscale, but yet its simply a bunch of upscale pieces put together. no polish.  The place is a renovated old motel.I'm not a picky person when it comes to hotels, but after reading the positive and negative reviews, I'm leaning towards negative. I stayed here a total of 4 nights, because I booked it through hotels.com -- stayed here for a business trip.Here's why I'm rating it really negative:1) My room, was half painted in the bathroom. I sort of laughed at this, but thought it was odd.2) Roach in room, on the table, upside down, with feet still moving. Not clean at all! Stay downtown at the wyndham instead imo -- super clean.3) I typically tip housekeeping $2 per day. After the first night, came back from work, and found out they they didnt take the trash out, and they took my soap and didnt leave a new one.  People forget sometimes, including housekeeping.  So, I left $1 the next day.  Big mistake.  They took the new soap I requested from the front desk, took ALL the towels from the room without leaving any new ones, and left the trash again.  4) $15 hotel surcharge -- this is such a joke.  It covers a bottle of water which they never replenish unless you go to the front desk, use of their "business center" which is a old Dell circa 20th century, and some other things that seemed lame.5) Their rooftop lounge is covered in grime and is rundown. No one ever goes up there.Also, don't expect any decent service I guess unless you plan on leaving $5+ / day for housekeeping i guess.Btw, I do realize that hotel management reads all these reviews and comments that "oh sorry, but yada yada [insert excuse here]. Please stay again or do this and we will address the matter".   Problem is, that it only works the first dozen times you do that.  Afterwards it just seems lame that you continue to make excuses instead of fixing the problem.As an anecdotal side note:  I actually needed to extend my stay an extra night, and didnt want to move my luggage/check into a new hotel so I asked the front desk how much was the rate to stay an extra night.  They replied $149-$199 for friday night.  I was being dead serious and wanted an exact figure.  Again, the lady danced around the topic! She said $149-$199.  How can there be an ambiguity with the rate?  So I said, "So its $149 for the room, PLUS the $15 hotel fee, and tax?".  She responds "Sir, I've already mentioned to you that its $149-$199 plus the hotel fee and tax."   Wtf is that?That was the last of that.  I called up Wyndham and they told me it was $189 for the night.  I would rather pay more for better service and a straight forward answer instead of the runaround. Lastly, for what this hotel is, its a bit pricey.
4	Great hotel in Central Phoenix for a stay-cation, but not necessarily a place to stay out of town and without a car. Not much around the area, and unless you're familiar with downtown, I would rather have a guest stay in Old Town Scottsdale, etc. BUT if you do stay here, it's awesome. Great boutique rooms. Awesome pool that's happening in the summer. A GREAT rooftop patio bar, and a very very busy lobby with Gallo Blanco attached. A great place to stay, but have a car!
4	What a fun little place... found it on hotwire... price is definitely right... needs a bit of a tune up... very young crowd... going to the rooftop bar now :-)
5	The Clarendon Hotel is a great place to hang out all summer and winter long, even if you're not staying over night. Killer restaurants, awesome clientelle, always some good music on the rooftop and almost ALWAYS something to do.Its cozy, down to earth, eclectic, with a high fashion type risk and somewhere where anyone who is anyone loves to lounge by the pool for various events summer status.I recently won a one night stay, as it's been a hell of a year, and Ben Bethel is "just like the rest of us" trying to get by and help get by,I'm highly impressed.-Jess
5	Now this may not be for everyone, but for my wife and I, it was great. It doesn't look like anything special from the outside, but it's flair makes up for it inside. There is great art all around the hotel, to stimulate the eyes. Great personal service when we checked in. I recommend the two room suite, they have a view of the pool. The rooms feel like homey even though it is nothing like my home. The roof is a great addition, with a romantic feel, great view of the city skyline.  This is not a jwmarriott but a great small hotel. Try it out.
4	My boyfriend and I stayed here recently on a mini Christmas get away. We arrived after 5 on Wednesday the 27th and found the front desk staff friendly and helpful. I'm not sure about the other reviews mentioning terrible service, but every front desk staff person we encountered couldn't have been nicer.That first night, we couldn't figure out how to turn on the hot tub, one of the front desk guys without even asking, brought us pool towels and turned the spa on for us. Awesome service in my book, especially when I don't have to ask.Our room was on the 3rd floor and was the perfect size for the two of us. We only stayed two days, but we would stay here again.
5	The Clarendon is an incredible place. Not only is it an independent hotel, it's affordable (especially during off-times), it's hip, and it offers unmatched value in Phoenix. Why stay in a bland Hilton or a sketchy Motel 6 when you can stay at this funky hotel for about the same price or even less? I booked a King room in November for an incredibly great price and had a phenomenal experience. We were greeted warmly at check-in and offered free wine; yes please! There were no hidden fees, and our parking spot was covered and well-lit. I felt safe walking between the car and the hotel, even late at night. You can't discount the value of safety. Our room was great. It was very colorful and retro, with tilt-shift/lomography prints on the walls. We had a big, comfy bed with ample pillows and a funky settee. The flat panel TV was a major plus, and my boyfriend and I both loved the long dresser/desk which accommodated both of our computers. All of the little touches - from the drawer pulls to the carpet - made our room feel special from the moment we walked in. Now, to close, I present the Amazing List of Free Things at The Clarendon: 1. Covered Parking2. Wine at Check-in3. Pool and gym4. Wi-Fi5. Minibar after dark (Candy, snacks, soda!)6. Photogenic SurroundingsNeed I say more? The Clarendon rocks, and I can't wait to go back again!
2	Though I've experienced better... I still think there's potential for this wannabe-tryin-to-be-boutiqueBut it'll take a WHILE to get there.The Rooms... whell.... still smelllike lead-based paint.  The restroomis puny.. with no fan, so when oneshowers... it's moist alllll day loong.Each time I stayed at this upscaledhostel.. I was placed in room 433.What does that mean?  I'm right underthe "roof-top" bar... It's LOUD....Anyway... I'll keep my hooves crossedand pray mgmt sees the light....Oh... as for Gallo Blanco - I love.
3	It's an old motel that's undergone some renovations like a nice pool set-up and some brightly-colored paint in the rooms. Apparently I was under the mistaken impresson that two queen-sized beds in one room translates to two doubles. And there was a weird plumbing issue with shower water getting all over the place. But the drinks downstairs are stiff and there are free late-night snacks (Kit Kats and Doritos). You have to cab it to get anywhere else but the bar seems to be pretty popular on weekend nights. Service was friendly and prompt and I couldn't hear my neighbors through the walls. Bedding is nice and soft, too.
4	Just stayed at this hotel during a recent visit to Phoenix. Very cool retro modern hotel. They were actually filming a movie on location while we there. I believe this was an old apartment building converted to a hotel. The rooms are an open loft style. A little different then your standard fair. Rooms are centered around a middle courtyard that has the large pool and hottub. I highly recommend getting a room facing toward the pool. The rooftop deck has a great view of downtown and you can take your drinks up from the bar till midnight. The bathroom was small but functional, and the beds are amazingly comfortable. There are a few things you need to be willing to overlook since its an older building and not the most expensive place to stay. Such as dirty poolside lounges, slow elevator, thin walls, and retro fitted ac /heat. The Gallo restaurant on the first floor has great food, drinks, and atmosphere. Staff are awesome.
2	You can put lipstick on a pig, but...you know the saying.  The Clarendon Hotel looks like it was recently purchased for a steal of a deal and someone came in, slapped on some paint real fast, did minimal work to make it look "hip" and invited a ton of college hipsters who cannot drink at bars to come and party in the rooms.  Truth be told, I really do not have a problem with that kind of place, but some people may show up here and wish they spent their money at a Marriott.Let me break it down:+ = the pool and pool area has been retiled and it is rad.  It is in the center of the hotel room blocks, so anyone can look down and see some hot, young bodies playing in the water.  That pool is the selling point.+/- = the rooms are okay.  Make something look nice and people will like it, but dig deeper and some things are janky and the features are cheap.  The showerhead was messed up, but that was the only major problem.  The beds were nice and soft though.+ = nice bar/restaurant area.  We only drank there and did not eat anything.- = my credit card was stolen from here.  Granted, I was in a drunken haze and forgot to pick it up after paying, but what really disappoints me is that the most creative places the thief went to was a gas station, a grocery store and a Wal-mart.+ = late night snacks available for free from 10:00 p.m. - 6:00 a.m. (or something like that).  Doritos, Kit Kats, sodas.  Pure junk food.  Goes great with a six pack.- = some tacky broads vandalized a car with white shoe polish.  I think the car belonged to the lady working the front desk overnight and these bitches didn't get their way, so they had to be dicks.  Tacky.  Based on this alone, I will never stay here again.  I can't support that.So, family of 4 having a nice vacation in the desert?  Do not stay here.  This place is for 19 year olds who want to have a hotel party because they cannot drink anywhere else.
5	One of the best unique boutiques I have stayed in...in a LONG TIME. The service was fantastic, and rooms are very artsy and warm. Not to mention the restaurant, Gallo Blanco Cafe, is a great place to go mix with locals and have a glass of wine by the pool.HIGHLY RECOMMEND THE CLARENDON AND LOOK FORWARD TO STAYING THEIR ON MY NEXT TRIP TO PHOENIX
3	Very cool, visually interesting boutique hotel with some really nice amenities.  The covered parking, free wifi, great pool area, and terrific restaurant right in the hotel are all pluses.  On the other hand, there are some little quirks that keep me from giving the place 4 or 5 stars.  For example, rooms are set up a little weird (or at least the one I was in had a strange setup) - there was a huge flatscreen TV and a nice sitting area with some comfy couches.  Too bad you couldn't see the TV from the couches.  The free wifi is nice, but there isn't a very comfortable place with good lighting to work in the rooms.  The place is comfortable and clean overall though, and it has a lot of charm and character.  It has enough of a cool spirit that Slash (of Guns n'Roses fame) was staying there the same time I was!
1	Like other say, you can put lipstick on a pig, but it's still a pig.This hotel is a cheap remodel of an would be trendy hotel.  The public areas looks much nicer than the actual rooms.When I first arrived, i thought this place was pretty sweet.  Lobby area seems very modern and unique for a hotel.  It was a busy night so there were people hanging out in their bar lounge and pool area.But when we checked in to our room, the wall and ceiling had an old style texture and the paint job was awful, no big deal right? Then I saw some flies in the room, still i was alright with the room.  Then I looked at the bed liner and pillow.......Big Blood Stains!!! Gross!!!! We had to throw the pillow out and remove the liners.To be add even more insult, the Clarendon added a $15 hotel service fee, which i had most hotel are starting to do, but since we had 3 people in the room, they charged us an additional $35!!!! I'm currently disputing this with them and my credit card company.Never Again!
5	after a life of work travel that usually include stays at such interesting & luxurious hotels as Embassy Suites, I have been pleasantly surprised with hip boutique hotels on my last couple of trips. this one definitely fits that bill!they've got the modern retro thing down to an art.  the lobby, pool, guest rooms, etc. all ooze that hipster vibe. I'd agree with other reviews that is is not QUITE luxe-- some bumpy execution of things like paint jobs & chepay fixtures. but overall it is a GREAT place to stay & definitely affordable-- same price as the aforementioned Embassy Suites, but with a lot more character!love love love the pool & enormous Jacuzzi. the whole pool area is super inviting. restaurant attached to the hotel, Gallo Blanco, has great breakfast & a happening happy hour & dinner rush.  very accomodating to vegans- not a ton of options, but they will work with you!  cocktails are tasty.people come from far & wide (apparently) to watch the sunset on the rooftop. better wear a wedding ring, ladies, if you do not want to get macked on.  bring your bevs & munchies from Gallo Blanco!speaking of munchies, love the FREE "midnight snack" service they have.  although I did not avail myself, I love the concept :0tiny little gym, but it gets the job done.hope I have to come back to PHX again soon...
4	This hotel was great! The staff was friendly and knowledgeable about the area. They had excellent recommendations on what to do, where to go, and what was going on. If you can try to stop into their restaurant on a Wednesday evening the flamenco dancers only add to the great food. The only "bad" thing I can write is some of the other guests were noisy and this noise carried through the hotel do to it's lay out.
3	I was hoping for a more adult friendly place. I haven't been here in years, it used to be a gay-friendly hotspot. Now it seems to caters more to families and children. I've heard the restaurant is good, but I haven't visited yet.
4	The clarendon is a modern hotel with a nice pool area in central phoenix. Its near to things but not really walking distance to anywhere. The rooms are modern retro with local artwork on the wall.  The beds are comfortable. This is not a corporate run hotel and I like it that way.We stayed there for a weekend. We had one issue (actually its been an issue in 3 rooms I've stayed in) with the overhead AC unit. Apparently they need to have their condensors drained periodically and if they aren't they make a periodic buzzer sound throughout the night. I called the front desk and James came and switched me into another room and allowed my wife and sleeping little ones to remain in our room. There was no charge and I thought that was very cool. James and Michelle were very nice throughout our stay and even brought our kids little Otter pops by the pool. The restaurant serves very good guacamole. The hotel charges a resort fee. Its a cool hotel with a nice pool and rooftop deck not much of a resort so if you're one of those who gets irritated by resort fees you might not like being charged 15 bucks a day. At least you get newspaper, free bottled water, free evening snack bar, internet, otter pops for the kids.. I really like the Clarendon and plan to stay there again.
4	I would have never guessed that Phoenix was such a pricey city for hotels.  The Clarendon was on the lower side of the cost scale and with free parking I was sold on it.  Once we arrived I was pleasantly surprised at how cute the hotel was.  The front desk staff was great, helpful and always very friendly regardless of time of day.  I loved the fact that at night you were able to get some free snacks and soda.  Forgot suntan lotion, no problem, you can borrow some of theirs.We had booked a Jr. Suite, but upon checking in were upgraded to a 1 bedroom suite.  We headed up to room 308, which was on the end, so it was a good location.  The room was spacious and decorated with a modern trendy type flair.  The bed was extremely comfortable.  The air conditioning units...the one in the bedroom was fine.  The one in the living room made an annoying noise every now and again. Unfortunately if we shut it off the bedroom just got too hot, so we lived with the noise.  It wasn't constant so it wasn't so bad.  The rooms contain bottles of water, that you don't have to pay for as well as a mini refrigerator.  Big pluses in my book.The bathroom is a little small and could use a bit of an update but it was fine.  The only issue we had was that our room wasn't cleaned 1 day.  After being out all morning we returned about 3pm to find our room had not been touched.  We asked the front desk and were told they were still cleaning, so we headed for the pool for a couple of hours only to return again with the room not being cleaned.  The next morning our room was cleaned while we were at breakfast.  Not sure what happened, but it wasn't anything to get real upset about.You pay an additional $15/night for use of pool and wifi, etc.  The pool is great as is the large whirlpool.  Gallo Blanco located in the lobby is delicious as I mentioned my review for that.  The rooftop was a nice place to sit an watch the sunset or enjoy a drink at night.  Pay attention to their recommended restaurants in the area and trust them.  We tried 2 (Tuck Shop and Local Breeze) and they were both fabulous.All in all, I thought the hotel was great and would definitely stay there again.
4	The Clarendon is a hotel with a real level of charm to it.  I've been to a lot of hotels and most of them, most of the higher-end hotels that cater to a lot of business travelers are so dull and lifeless that it's almost extraordinary that you could deliberately suck all of the life out of your hotel's decor.  This hotel does have some genuine life to it and it's the small things that make the difference, like playing music underwater in the pool.  Better yet, playing AWESOME music underwater in the pool like The Cramps.I've always liked staying at hotels in my own city.  It's fun not being home, it's like having a sleepover as an adult without having to crash on someone's couch and wake up the next morning with a fucked up back and shoulder.Gallo Blanco is a big reason to enjoy coming to the Clarendon.  They make a mean michelada.  Throwing dill in there is a great idea, it adds a pickly taste and a bite that just takes the drink to another level.I guess my only real complaint is that it's a bit overpriced.  I booked the room for 80-some bucks which is, you know, whatever.  That's usually kind of the standard rate for a hotel room in the mid-range, plus it came with a high-def flatscreen TV (no HBO, though).  A lot of high class hotels continue to have shitty TV's in the room and it boggles my mind.  Still, when we checked in, there was then a $15 per-night fee that included two bottles of water in the room and snacks at the front desk, which is like... man, couldn't you build that into my hotel room price initially?  So with that and a lodging fee (not including tax) it ended up being over $100.  Not nearly as good a price I thought it was going to be when I first booked the room.This is still a really fun hotel and a place I'd recommend people to stay if they're coming in from out of town.
4	Ok. I can only give this hotel 4 stars because I didn't actually stay in the room. But I will give it 4 stars because of it's most awesome pool. Probably the best pool I saw in PHX.There are plenty of new chairs that you can sit or lie on. There's even some pool beds. This is a cute boutique hotel that I would love to stay at.Don't forget to check out the rooftop and have a cocktail while watching the sunset.
4	This review is for the pool and bar (as a non-guest) only.The Clarendon pool is open to non-guests for a nominal fee ($10) payable at the front desk, and for an additional $2, you can get a hotel towel. The Clarendon's facebook page says that if you show your ASU ID, you can get free pool access!We paid at the front desk, but didn't get any kind of receipt or wristband, so if you're wondering if you could get by without paying... the answer is probably yes. There are public restrooms inside the lobby (walk towards the restaurant and then left down the hallway).The tasty Gallo Blanco restaurant and bar is right there for your enjoyment too. Tuesday is "taco tuesday" where you can buy 2 tacos, get 1 free. Drinks are yummy and run about $8.00. Be sure to tell them you're at the pool so they can put your drink in a plastic cup.The pool and hot tub are awesome... if you do any underwater swimming or floating, you can hear some retro-type music playing underwater! Woo!
2	I heard great things about this hotel but it didn't live up to its reputation. I would never stay here again. The decor was awful, you can tell it used to be an old apartment building, probably from the seventies. But what really upset me is that they charged an early check-in fee... WHO DOES THAT! If a room is available by all means let a tired traveler in. I planned on paying about 125 plus tax  but I ended up paying well over 200 dollars for a mediocre hotel. They charge you for every they can possibly get away with. To top it off I left my extremely expensive flat iron in the room never to be found again I called and never heard back. SIGHThe only reason I would ever return to this hotel would be to eat at their restaurant.. I left Gallo Blanco a great review.
3	Went to check out the rooftop bar, and I'd say it was casual, not uptown.  Once I got drinks, I spied the pool below, and rationalized that laying on a double chaise with my mate, staring at the stars, and sipping a cocktail was the way to go..and it was.  Good place to bring someone with, if you spent anytime in Miami Hotels as a kid, this will bring back memories.
4	I have been hanging out by the pool for years!!!  I love the remodeled area and the lights in the bottom of the pool. You have to go to the rooftop bar to get a great view of the lights.  Also, the Olympic size hot tub is an added bonus.  The poolside beds are great for laying on while reading a book or just listening to the music which is also played underwater in the pool.I have eaten at the restaurant a number of times and would definately suggest Gallo Blanco for dinner even if you aren't staying in the hotel.  I haven't stayed in the rooms.
4	Who's a sap? Not this girl... But I will dedicate my 50th review here. Why you ask? I got engaged here! The pool and rooftop patio are the highlights of this establishment. The deck uptop has an amazing city view. There really isn't a "bar" persay. More like a tub of drinks. (Have cash). The tables are sub par, but they have fun plants with colorful  orb lights and the ambiance seems to create itself. Better hope you can hike a few stairs, as the elevator caps off a floor too early.The pool used to be free to locals and is now 10 bucks per person, per day. Bring your own towel. You can drink at the pool and it's gorgeous. Fun and bright tiles with starlike lights under the water, a light water cascade, and music. Comfy seating with couchlike beds or these odd sling chairs that are surprisingly cozy. There's also a huge hotub (that was engagement place). Also had my bachelorette party here (I shall not post pics of that). Gallo Blanco (the hotel restaurant) has some cheap tacos if you get hungry, too. Item costs vary and it's quite an eclectic menu. The drinks are for sure overpriced with light pours. We have stayed in the rooms and they are okay. The hotel basically reminds me of a halfway done house remodel. Don't stay here if you want something ultra fancy. The doors are labeled with license plates. It all just seems like a start to something that keeps that downtown feel, but is trying too hard to be fancy. A bit hipster, really. Clarendon is an odd gelling of superb and work still to be done. Its small and mimics more of an apartment complex than hotel. Come with an open mind and don't miss the sunset.This place will for sure always hold a special place in my heart.
4	Phoenix is nice and cool year around so who needs a pool right? So for those few summer days that we experience really hot weather, imagine a retro, hipster magnet pool in a hotel that is hidden gem... Oh yeah and you can get some amazing mexican food from a restaurant you might not have heard of but is kind of a big deal, Gallo Blanco.  Hit up the Clarendon and enjoy a great salted pool with under the sea playing in the pool (literally).  Don't want to stay over, that is cool just check in at the front desk and get buy your towel and pool fee's.  Bring a school ID and you might just get a bonus...
3	Well, it does have an amazing pool, and if you have an urge to get steamy with forty eight close friends, the hot tub is unparalleled.And those are the reasons I didn't give this place two stars.Major Defect #1: Hidden resort fees.  Seriously, this is not a resort.  Stop charging a "resort" fee.  Especially do not attribute the fee to the free parking (which is available on any street corner in that part of town), or to the "minibar" (which consists of an extremely limited, unsavory selection of candy bars and chips for sale at the front desk).  For a $69 room, a $20 resort fee is unacceptable, even if you're in the Bahamas...which the Clarendon is not.Major Defect #2: Horror movie lighting.  Our fluorescent bathroom lightbulb started ominously flickering five minutes into our stay.  If we had brought fake blood, we could have filmed a low-budget slasher flick.  No maintenance on duty, either--we had to change rooms.Major Defect #3: Assorted clutter on rooftop patio.  Stacks of bricks, cigarette butts, beer empties, drunken, partially clothed guests crossing the NC-17 line.  Combine with unattractive, insufficient lighting, and you have an injury waiting to happen.  Or, at a minimum, a highly unromantic setting.Major Defect #4: Ice machines?  Anyone??Major Defect #5: General scuzz.  The restaurant and front lobby were shiny, but the rest of the place--rooms included--needed a serious upgrade.  And a mopping.  With bleach.Fortunately, I brought some very lovely company with me and quickly forgot about both the setting and the damage that "resort fee" did to my pocketbook.  If I go to the Clarendon again, however, it will only be for the food, booze, and pool.
1	The woman who works night at the front desk is a horrible! Every time I've been here, she's been rude, bitchy, she lies, and just makes your stay as awful as possible. She actually called the police on my friends and I. No phone call letting us know we needed to shut up, no warning, no nothing. When the cops came to talk to us, they were joking and laughing it up with us. They thought it was a waste of time also. We told them how the lady at the front didn't give us any kind of warning, and all 3 cops said "Yeah, she does that a lot."She sucks. Nice hotel though.
5	After learning about a special rate celebrating the 40th birthday of Ben, the hotel owner, I booked two nights at The Clarendon, the first in July the second in November.  I had visited the property once before, a few years back when the restaurant on the premises was under different management; I was left with the impression that the hotel looked really cool and fun and I made a mental note to check it out sometime.  With the special deal I found, I decided now was the time.I booked a Jr. Suite for both nights, and my first stay was last night.  I checked in early before my boyfriend arrived.  Rachel helped me check in and was really friendly and helpful.  I took  in all the details as I walked to the elevator and then to my room.  Really fun, local tilt-shift photography was hung on the walls leading to my room (#221).  I wish I had snapped a few photos of my room, because it was really fun - a great king-size bed with a funky, upholstered headboard, dark-wood heavy furniture, a plush occasional chair by a lamp, a long desk/dresser, a 42" (if not bigger) TV anchored to the wall, and awesome blue walls made up the room.  Unfortunately, I noticed the room hadn't been cleaned properly.  By the Keurig coffee maker, I found a mess of opened sugar packets, creamer, and used swizzle sticks, and no  cups or coffee.  I called down to the front desk and Rachel answered.  I told her what I found, and she came up to check it out.  She seemed sincerely disgusted at what she saw and she was very apologetic.  She left the room and came back with some cups and went down once again and this time returned with coffee, tea, and a wet rag to wipe down the counter.  She also brought a few bags of chips, some candy bars, and four bottles of chilled water.  She asked me what else she could do to make up for the mess, but I told her she'd done enough - more than was her responsibility, actually.Later that evening, after a pretty dismal experience at the Gallo Blanco Cafe, in the hotel lobby, I stopped at the front desk to request some extra towels and some sugar for the coffee.  Ben, the owner, happened to be at the desk at the time and told me he heard we'd had a bad experience at the restaurant and asked how our stay had been otherwise.  I told him about what happened before in the room and complimented him on having Rachel on his staff.  Like Rachel, he was very apologetic and asked what he could do to make up for it.  He also told me it had been Rachel's first day, and I couldn't have been more surprised - what an asset to his team!  Before we went back upstairs, Ben gave me his card and asked me to let him know when we'd be staying over again so he could upgrade us to a full suite.  He then came by the room with a huge stack of freshly laundered towels (they were still warm!) and apologized again and thanked us for our patience.  Talk about customer service!When we checked out, Rachel was back at the front and asked about how our night went.  I recapped for her the rest of the events and she again thanked me for our patience and good nature.  This is why I support local businesses, especially when they hire amazing people who know how to treat their patrons and guests.  For the wonderful customer service we were given, I'm rating this hotel five stars.Ben and Rachel, THANK YOU for being great.  I look forward to our next stay, though I wish I didn't have to wait until November!P.S. - The amazing AC in the room? What a delight!
5	This was the perfect spot to kick off my 40th birthday bar crawl! A friend and I decided to book a weekend this July at The Clarendon and we could not have picked a more fabulous place. I was impressed from the moment we walked into the lobby with it tasteful artsy decor... I love red and black! Adjacent to the lobby is the hotel bar then a little further in the Gallo Blanco restaurant which I made sure to try both. what more can I say I other than I enjoyed every inch of that hotel... The roof top patio... The beautiful pool... restaurant, bar and the $20 up grade for a suite...SCORE! That suite was more like a small apartment very chic and confortable. We had a blast and I cannot wait to go back. I have to add that the staff was awesome... Thanks for a wonderful weekend
5	I definitely enjoyed staying at The Clarendon. This was a quick stop on our road trip but it didn't feel like we missed anything because this hotel seems to be a hot spot in town. Lots of locals at the pool and fun people at the bar. Definitely an enjoyable and comfortable stay.
4	Looking for a good place to do day bar near downtown?  This is it!  Can't go wrong with the funky retro vibe, heavy pours on the mojitos and some seriously sexy salsa (don't ask, just try it).  Great place to play the "gay/not gay/kinda-looks-like -David-Hasselhoff-in-drag" game with patrons walking by the front desk.  Speaking of the front desk, their staff rocks--especially Bonnie and Amy with their great recommendations for local area attractions and willingness to help you out with the free late-night munchies behind the front desk (snacks that come in quite handy after a night of pub crawls, that's for sure!).  Light rail is a short walk away for access to other downtown delights.  The water wall and underground speakers were a nice touch, as was the eclectic selection of Frank Sinatra tunes at poolside.  Only thing that was a bit of a bummer was no bar service to the deck,  but that's a minor glitch easily solved by playing rock-paper-scissors for the beer bitch honors (or getting one of the hotties by the pool to help you out--score!).  Best part was the last-minute scorchin' deal on a room ($39) that had a phenomenally comfy bed.  Cruising up to the roof for a late night rondezvous after sunset is always an option, just mind the occasional helicopters cruising overhead on final approach to St. Joe's.  Love the decos, ambiance and overall vibe of the joint. Will definitely be back for Flamenco Night!!
4	Great hotel. Bonus is the 'free munchies' from 10pm-5am available at the front desk. Rooms are stellar, and staff are always willing to assist for help.
4	I stayed here a couple years ago while they were in the middle of renovating. We made reservations online and upon check-in were upgraded to a suite!!! We didn't even ask for an upgrade--so that definitely gets points in my book. We ended up staying another night for the same rate in the upgraded room as well. Fantastic accommodations for the price. I would definitely stay here again.
3	Oh, Clarendon...your atmosphere is fun and your location is great for a little staycation. Two things you really need to work on:  your $20 facility fee is a joke for the services you provide. Justifying covered parking, in room coffee and newspaper as just a few things that go along with this fee is really stretching it. I'd pay $20 for a fee at a resort but this is really too much to pay for what you have to offer.The pool area is gorgeous and it is the reason we leave our pool-less central Phoenix home to stay at The Clarendon. This is the second visit this summer where a piece of the blue decorative glass that has come loose from the walkway at the pool has cut my foot. Last month the glass was on the walkway, yesterday it was a sliver of the glass on the pool step. Small cuts but still, this shouldn't be happening. You can see small pieces of glass around the pool area...not cool.Stay true to yourself, Clarendon. Lower your fee to around $10 and get a handle on the rogue glass. I know you are worthy of more than 3 stars once you get this fixed.
5	Everything from the fancy pool to the hipster rooftop is a must do in Phoenix. The staff their is very helpful and so sweet. Also if you're from out of town; here's a FYI: The sunsets in Phoenix are stunning... the Clarendon Rooftop is definitely the place to be when capturing the gorgeous sunset while sipping on a martini.
2	I stayed at this hotel last weekend and was not impressed.  It's a 1950's boarding house turned hotel with a pool in a not so great area (thus the old boarding house).  NOT A RESORT AT ALL!  So imagine my surprise when I was charged $20 a day for a "resort" fee.  When I inquired about the resort fee  they told me it "includes the use of a pool and pool towels, covered parking [not valet, just a parking lot next door with covered awnings], and internet [which was lousy].  I've stayed at much nicer hotels minus the resort and yet they still didn't charge you to park your car yourself, or for internet.  Oh wait, I should mention that they offer "free" munchies in the mini bar that is located at the front desk and only free after 11:00 p.m., and one bottle of costco water in your room and one bottle of shampoo and conditioner regardless of how long you're staying.
1	Very upset with the service an way of handling their customers.  Was charged 25.00 to try and check in at 2 pm instead of 3 pm when half the hotel was empty.  Room was 92 degrees when we walked in and had to wait about 2 hours for the room to cool off on a day where the high was nearly 115 degrees.  Checked out the following morning and after 5 days saw a charge on my credit card for 150.00  Apparently I was charged for a door lock that was damaged by someone who satyed there before me.... No call or contact by the hotel management was ever made, just charged my card and figured I would never see the charge on my card I suppose.... Horrible.
5	This is the 2nd time we have stayed here. Staff is friendly and helpful. Rooms are clean and comfortable. The atmosphere is fun. The pool is clean, trendy and in the perfect location. U can stand on the balcony and look at the pool and chat and visit. Everyone at the pool has been so friendly. U can walk up and start a conversation with strangers in minutes.  After this visit I think this is my favorite place to stay downtown. It's located close to so many thing plus the light rail is minutes away.  We are enjoying ourselves so much we decided to stay an extra night
5	What a fun, hidden Phoenix gem! This isn't your fancy Scottsdale resort by any means, but we had a great girls night here using a Groupon - $49 for the night.The restaurant - Gallo Blanco - was great, the rooms, pool and lobby were all clean and really uniquely decorated.The staff was the BEST, and the snacks after 10pm were the perfect added touch of service.Walking distance to a lot of fun restaurants and bars as well. We'll definitely be back!
2	Um...my husband and I used to hotwire.com to make a reservation at The Clarendon. It was listed as 3.5 stars. Whaaaat?! We get here at 11pm and there was 1 person on staff. There was one couple in line ahead of us. Between the lady (Billie) checking them in & not knowing what she was doing, and the couple (who I think had started drinking by then)...we literally stood there for 20 minutes waiting to be acknowledged. Not even a "I'll be right with you." Finally the drunk couple went upstairs, and Billie checked us in. 10 minutes. We are now up to 30 minutes of waiting in a lobby when we are exhausted having driven from Albuquerque. Finally, she proceeds to tell us there is a $20 RESORT FEE! Whaaat?! I asked what it's for and she says parking, snacks, etc. The website says FREE parking. Whatever, we were too tired to argue. We get up to our room and it's HOT! It's 96 degrees outside, & our hotel room is just as hot. They don't have the a/c on for you. Took about 15 min to cool off the room. There aren't enough lights in the room, no garbage pail in the bathroom (or nearby...only 1 on the other end of the room) and the bathtub was dirty! It's not all bad though. Bed was comfortable, and there is a keurig coffee machine in the room. I won't stay here again if I come through town, but I did get a good night's rest.
5	I used to think the best part of waking up was some Folger's in my cup. Now I know better. I woke up inside this hotel for 4 straight days, and each day I thought "How awesome is it that I'm waking up in this retro-chic-meets-modern hotel, with a partly glow-in-the-dark pool view outside my window."The hotel is situated in a bucolic part of Phoenix, right before it butts up to the downtown part.  i wanted to go many places, in and around Phoenix, Scottsdale, and Tempe, but I found myself enjoying my stay at the Clarendon  At times, it was hard to leave.While upon reflection, it's hard to denote what made the place really special -- it did sport a mini clear door fridge to store left over food and beer, and an about 40-inch flat TV screen mounted to the wall -- I could single out a few subtle details.  Personally, I was a fan of the huge sliding art piece that allowed me to slide it from right-to-left, revealing a window view of THE outside the pool area. A SLIDING PIECE OF FRIGGIN' ART, ON HARD CANVAS, THAT COVERS UP AND REVEALS A WINDOW.Think about it.They also have wall-mounted dispensers of shampoo, conditioner, and body wash inside the shower.  I must be very domesticated in my older years to get excited over such minute tiny luxuries. (Ilovecostplusworldmarketsowhatdoesthatsayaboutme?) And the room I stayed in had a two-toned color scheme, but all I can remember is the red walls. (And not at all from blood stains, either!)As part of a 2-for-1 sort of deal, the first floor restaurant that is adjoined to the hotel sports one of the best dining experiences I've had in a while.  I live in a mecca of fine dining, but right here in Phoenix -- and in a city that has no dearth of fine dining of its own -- I think Gallo Blanco his a home run with it's array of menu options.  Their entrees feature locally grown food, when possible, and plenty of vegetarian (and some vegan-friendly_ options.  I ordered their guacamole dip and their, what seemed to taste like, home made tortilla chips.  Each chip dip-to-mouth motion I made with my arm was met with excitement and frustration. Clearly I could have got full of this alone, and I had a couple of main entrees soon to come up.  While both dishes were great, each bite of their carne asada elicited the effect of of what a unicorn's teardrop might taste if it gently caressed your outstretched tongue while it dropped from cloud covered skies on the day of a lunar eclipse, while Haley's comet was shooting by.  It hurts my Angeleno pride to say this but I've never had a burrito (purchased later) and tacos taste as good as this.It's hard to measure the qualities of a hotel when most them try to emulate and outdo each other.  Most try to achieve the same cookie-cutter qualities that a hotel is expected of.  Whatever it is, the Clarendon doesn't try to compete with the big boys.  Inarguably, the place is hold enough to have hung its hat during the Nixon years.  But whatever face-lift this place got, it had a smart cosmetic surgeon.Sufficed to stay, I wouldn't be the least curious about any other hotel in the Phoenix area, if I had the opportunity to stay here each time.- Will
1	This place was just ok. The bests parts were lounging by the pool and the restaurant was excellent!There were several disappointments though:- I was hoping to read on the rooftop in the morning, but they were doing construction on it (Saturday and Sunday morning, starting before 7am!). It woke us up and also caused power flickers/outages across the hotel. We never got to enjoy the rooftop, and weren't told about the construction when we checked in.- The $20 per night service fee wasn't exactly as promised. We learned that you have to explicitly ask at the front desk for everything that fee covers and they'll give it to you, if they have it...- Part of the fee covered sunscreen, which would have been great for the pool! They didn't have any though. When they run out they should get more, sunscreen would make trips to their pool so much better!- According to their web site the fee was also supposed to include a $20 gift card (per night) towards a future stay, but we didn't get it. I called the hotel to ask and they said they don't do that anymore. I left a message for the owner (at the same number) and within minutes the hotel called me back. Further proof that you really do need to ask for everything the service fee promises. I took a star off for this, but I'll give it back if the actually send me a gift card. Update: they said I could remind them next time and they'd take $20 off. Fail! I'm taking another star off, and I won't be staying here again.- The cheaper rooms overlook the pool, which is open 6am-midnight. The pool guests were pretty quiet, but the elevator music for the pool was not! We could hear it loud and clear in our room. Oddly enough I didn't even notice it when we were at the pool.- We booked through hotels.com, which said the hotel had microwaves in the rooms. Not true.
4	I totally understand both the 5 * and 1* ratings on this place.  We LOVED it and had an amazing stay but really, don't look too deeply beneath the surface.  The Clarendon is really the type of place you have to give yourself over to.  The rooms are cheaply decorated- though big new flatscreens (ours was hilariously hung so crookedly that I'd swear I might have put it up there myself, we're talking 45 degrees off center and bolted to the wall that way) and there isn't enough lighting and it looks like my  kid painted the room- or that they paid the painter in Tequila.  All sucky things when you've reached that age and socio-economic status where you could actually afford a $200/night room.  BUT...this place had personality galore.  It is white trash all the way and if you just go with it you will see it through rose-colored glasses.  Here's the rundown:-- Location:  in a crappy area surrounded by more crappy area.  Not near the freeway but only 15 minutes or so from the airport.--Room decor:  already mentioned++Pool:  The pool area was awesome. They have a wall-of-water waterfall on one side that is cool to look at.  The tiling and layout of the pool are really unique and it has the largest hot tub I've ever seen at a hotel.  From the people watching we surmised it was a rockabilly, gay friendly hotel.  The only downner was that the hotel rooms block the sun after 3:00.+/-Bar:  Seemed very pricey to me but they had a GREAT homemade white sangria and were very friendly.++ Restaurant:  This actually was hit or miss but the hits were so f*ing delicious that we all agreed the place was fantastic. So much so that we ate there our second night rather than go to a new restaurant in the city.  The guacamole was a big MISS for us. They make it with, I think, mango. It is freshly made but has a yucky fruity flavor.  But the carne asada tacos and roasted 1/2 chicken were TO DIE FOR!!  The most deliciously flavored meats ever.  OMG.  I'm not kidding.+/- "Resort" fee:  Having actually stayed in the $200 hotels I'm used to this b.s. fee and felt fine with it since at more expensive hotels the fee doesn't seem to pay for a damn thing- internet is still more, minibar snacks still cost, etc.  At least with this fee, we got internet and pillaged the front desk for snacks each night.  There is the - that the "free" snacks included in your resort fee are only available from 10p.m. until 7 a.m. but whatever.  +/- Fitness Room:  Well, they had one but it was barren and had very old equipment.  That said, everything they did have, did work....All in all we had a great time. Would definitely go back.  One last thing- this is not a Family Hotel.  It would be most enjoyed by those under 50 wo understand and appreciate kitsch.I did want to disclose that we stayed as part of a GROUP-ON deal and paid only $49/night.  YES- $49/night.  It was the best $49 ever! :)
5	Absolutely love this hotel!! Awesome staff, decor, pool, sky deck!! We will definitely stay there again!
5	we stayed at the hotel for one night, and it was amazing! the restaurant/bar had amazing, and fresh, food and drink options, and the service was fantastic. the atmosphere was a lot of fun, and the location was convenient and felt safe. i was wary of staying at any hotel near downtown phoenix, but this hotel was exceptional. being from san diego, i know great hospitality when i see it, and this was it. happy hour was awesome at the bar, and breakfast the next day was equally amazing. they even tailored some of the menu items to accommodate my vegetarian diet. all in all, it was a wonderful trip, and we will definitely be back!
4	We just stayed here last weekend and we loved the place. Yeah it's not your typical resort/hotel style. But we truly loved in and will continue to stay there when we come back to visit Phoenix. We were about 20 minutes from the Football Stadium(Cardinals) The restaurant food was delish and very reasonably priced. The room was very nice. Had an issue with the AC but we just didn't understand it. Someone came and set it for us and it was great.
4	It's the little things that make a difference. Like the radio softly playing jazz music when you unlock the door the first time; real half and half instead of powdered creamer; relaxing sound of the water wall in the pool area. Nice.
3	Very fun hotel! Free snacks 10pm-7:30am woohoo!!! We turned on our awesome radio during the night def want to get one for home. Wifi not so awesome! :)
1	I will not stay here again.Try and call this hotel and see how frustrating it is to talk to a real person. The option menu runs on some hideous loop and when I did get someone on the phone it sounded like the person/people (multiple call attempts) did not want to be there. My first room did not have wifi access as advertised so we ended up moving to another room. The other rooms heater did not work and yes, it does get cold in PHX in the winter time. Since we did not want to move a 3rd time on the same night and since it was late, we dealt with it.We decided to upgrade on the 2nd and 3rd night and the room was nicer.The next morning, I got a call from the front desk telling me that there were stains on the bedding and they politely told me that I was being charged $120 for it even though I did not see anything or know what they were talking about. I asked to see the sheets in question before they charged me and told me that they will call me back so I could see what the hell they were talking about but I never got a call and the next day I was charged $120..no sheet was ever produced for inspection. Really?? Clarendon, you can do that??Groupon users beware! Read everything. There are additional fees attached to everything here. So between the mishaps in the rooms, the lack of towels, no heat, no wifi, extra fees, extra $120 charged for something they can not back up....I was beyond frustrated.I could of stayed at a five star hotel for the amount that I spent here.This place was not busy so I can not blame the lack of the hotel staff not being able to effectively multitask. Perhaps they were making up their loss of business by gouging me.I will never come back here again. Rude people and very poor ethics and communication.
4	Very lovely boutique hotel! I really enjoyed staying here and would not hesitate to do it again in the future. The staff was friendly (especially the lovely lady who blessed us with free guacamole from the restaurant during the FREE snack time after 10pm which includes everything chocolate, chips, sodas and more), our room, which was considered a Jr. Suite, was incredibly roomy and decorated in a very modern 70's decor just like the rest of the place. Bright colors, very specific detailing, including bathroom products from Philosophy and Aveda, great choices of flavorful coffee pods for the Keurig coffee maker with flavored creamer, lamps from Ikea and incredible Arizona location photography on the walls. I was also intrigued by the use of blue glass throughout, including the asphalt in the parking area!!!...I'm a sucker for detail!Another plus of the Clarendon is their beautifully thought out pool redo from a very obvious apartment complex pool throw back! They were able to implement an incredible  wall of water and split what was a boring oblong pool into one amazing jacuzzi area. And when you're tired of that you can hike up 5 flights of stairs to their rooftop seating/bar area for an amazing view of the city lights.I really did enjoy this place. Only downside is the thin walls and old school windows which let in a lot of noise and cold air (it's cold in Phoenix in the winter). Other than that, I can't wait to come back.
4	My husband and I ADORED the Clarendon hotel! What a nice surprise in the heart of Phoenix. Almost a 5 star rating, just a couple of snags.Customer service was great. We had a couple issues with booking but it was taking care of promptly and professionally. Even on the phone I could tell how friendly the staff was.Atmosphere is AWESOME! Completely cool blend of retro and modern. I love how they renovated the property. The lobby was cool. The pool area was cool. Even the hallways had cool art and smelled nice. Our room was adorable. Love the decor and the special touches. I know someone else complained about the lighting in the bathroom but I liked it. I got out my tweezers and was able to give myself an amazing eyebrow pluck. We loved the rooftop deck. We ordered a drink to go from the bar and went up to the roof to watch the sunset. What a great view!Front desk was wonderful. Most of the bar staff was great too. We went there for happy hour. Our primary bartender wasn't the friendliest and ignored us after we ordered. Our order of chips and salsa never came even after our food arrived. Luckily the other bartender asked us how we were doing and apologized profusely when we told her about our chips and salsa never coming out. They were out within 30 seconds. The food itself was great too. Their salad on their happy hour menu is to die for. I am not a huge salad fan, even as a vegetarian, but I would go back for just for this salad alone. So many yummy unique ingredients. When we finally got our long awaited chips and salsa, we really liked it. But I actually liked their hot sauce more. The value is really good. Their resort fee is only 20. Now resort fees annoy me just like they annoy anyone else but this one was cheap and included so much. My only other minor complaint was that we heard a man swearing and cussing someone out on his phone outside our window in the early morning. I guess he was on a construction crew for the street and had nothing to do with the hotel. Still it was annoying. But the front desk was really nice about it and apologized even though it wasn't their fault. They said if we heard him again to let them know and it would be taken care of.I can't wait to go back for a staycation during the summer and enjoy their pool!!
5	I haven't had the opportunity to pass out here, drunk, yet.... but it's on the the to do list! I love the that they have GB as the "hotel restaurant". how can you beat that? um...with an epic pool party and a roof top bar. that's how. when you combine all 3 things, you get an awesome hotel experience. topped off with friendly staff. its like an ice cream Sunday, complete with cherry, for adults. I'll be here this summer for many pool parties. when i stay here, I'll update my review as well.
2	Not great. Our room was pretty dirty and the sink faucet was almost entirely detached from the sink. The toiletries weren't new (i.e. used lotion) and the shower had old shower hooks hanging off the end. We used a Groupon, and despite the other reviews, it was actually pretty easy to book using it. Service was very friendly. The restaurant was pretty good. Overall, this place thinks it's way hipper and polished than it is. Chintzy fixtures, very "IKEA" feeling. It reminded me of when I was a kid and used to "clean up" my room by shoving everything into the closet before my Dad came in. Open that closet door, and you've got a big mess.
3	When we first got here I thought this was the coolest hotel and was really excited.  After our two days there, things just started coming up which is why I gave this hotel 3 stars.  It wasn't terrible, and if needed I would stay here again.  The pool isn't locked, so my suggestion would be to get a drink at the bar and lay out at the pool, but don't spend money to actually stay at the hotel.  The pool and restaurant were by far my favorite parts.  The bartender was great during the day, and then we had a different bartender late at night and the drinks were so awful, we paid $20 and left them at the table without drinking them.Both my boyfriend and I agreed that the rooms were nice, cozy, clean, but lacking a little class and professionalism.  They charge a fair amount of money and boast about the renovations and retro vibe, but then like my boyfriend said "I could buy this stuff at Home Depot and make this myself".  So the professionalism and finishing touches just weren't the best.  The rooftop isn't as cool as we thought it would be.  There's no bar on the roof, so you have to get a drink downstairs and walk all the way up.  And there's just wooden benches up there.  We were both saying if they had lounge chairs and a bar it would've been better.  They have "free" WiFi that didn't work in our room.  Again, lack of finishing touches.The front desk staff...  I don't even know where to begin.  If I was just rating them I think I'd give them 1 star.  They were rude and slow.  My boyfriend and I each shared individual stories of dealing with the staff, so I know it's not just me.  One example of the many was that we asked for late check-out which was at noon (which she was rude when I called to ask for that).  So at 11:15am we get a phone call, and a nasty young woman says to me "ummmm... you asked for late check out. you are leaving before noon right?"  And I said "yes, but it's only 11:15"  she replies "yeah well just making sure you'll be out by noon" click.  I was shocked that she would talk to me like I was completely inconveniencing her by still being there 45 minutes before I was supposed to check out, and then how she just hung up on me after she got my answer.  So, since she treated me like that, we just hung out in the room until 11:55.
4	Clarendon has easy access from the rail.  If you are a fan of local artistic atmosphere you'll find it here with local art everywhere you turn.  The Hotel has made a bright atmosphere that is comfortable for all their customers.  I'd highly recommend if you aren't wanting to say in a big box hotel.
5	Overall this is a great hotel in the heart of Phoenix.  I use to live here and have stayed at several resorts when I come back to visit and for the price this was great.  Very friendly and helpful staff at the front desk and bar.  The rooms are spacious and I like the uniqueness of the resort.
4	We loved and embraced the retro-modern atmosphere of bright colors, IKEA-style lighting & furniture, funky wall art. The pool area is very enjoyable, mosaic tile feature is lovely, waterfall wall is lovely, huge hot tub area is great. Particularly liked the style of the loose blue glass ground cover near the pool area, which tied in with same glass embedded in the asphalt in front! Rooftop deck is awesome! Staff is very friendly and helpful. We'll be back!
4	I love this hotel and its accompanying restaurant, Gallo Blanco, so much that I spent my wedding night here.The small boutique hotel is a Phoenix gem and you won't be disappointed with a stay here, which will be unique and memorable. The lobby is colourful and welcoming, with the restaurant bar just steps away, and several couches to lounge on while you have a drink or to meet friends, and the staff is quick and efficient.The rooms are good sized and provide all the accommodations you're used to. Ours had a separate sitting room for the TV and sofa, and the bedroom had simply the bed and bathroom. But the real do -not-miss of this hotel is the pool and roof deck (after the restaurant of course!).After breakfast at GB, we headed straight to the pool and called some friends to join us (I believe the limit is 4 passes, but no one questioned us and we didn't notify anyone about our friends coming). The pool area is gorgeous, with a glass water wall, a brightly tiled and HUGE hot tub and sparkly lights glimmering from the bottom of the pool. Comfy gravity chairs and cushioned "beds" are available (but go fast). As with any hotel pool, drinks are pricey (there's no outside bar and we constantly came in dripping wet to order at the lobby bar) and we spent a small fortune day drinking at the pool. Our only complaint, which I assume is a one-off, is that we were promised towels all day and none ever materialised. After dinner at GB (yes, I totally ate there twice in one day), we headed up to the roof top deck to watch the sunset and take in the view of Phoenix city skyline. It was an absolutely perfect stay and day with our out of town friends loving it, and as a testament to its popularity, I ran into friends in the lobby at both check in and check out. Notes: Some reviews say this is close to the light rail and other restaurants but I'd say it's set pretty far back from Central Ave (almost a mile) where most of those nicer places and the LR station is. You won't be able to easily walk ESPECIALLY in the summer.After reading the other reviews this $20 resort fee came back to me. We had received the hotel stay as a wedding gift, so it was a pain to be surprised by the fee not to mention we didn't get any free snacks, no pool towels and certainly not any sunscreen or gift card toward a future stay. How lame!
4	We got an incredible Groupon deal to stay at the Clarendon (three nights at $70 a night, including the $20 resort fee), and at that price this was certainly a four star experience.PROs: Bargain price, super friendly staff, clean rooms with the basics (king bed, flat-screen TV, mini-fridge, robes in-room), nice courtyard area with a large pool and jacuzzi, well-reviewed hotel-restaurant (although we didn't try it), and some nice freebees included in the hotel fee (covered parking, wi-fi, long distance/international calls, bottled water, a "late night munchies" minibar at the front desk, plus access to Gold's Gym Elite).CONs: The standard room was pretty sparse with white walls and black trim/furniture, cheap tile carpet, and the bathroom was tiny. Also, the rooms only have one small window, and the lighting is poor. The wi-fi was slow, and the on-site fitness center was small and sub-standard (at least two machines seemed to be broken). The room and hotel could also use some touch ups here and there, but most of these issues are pretty minor for the price.If you were going to be spending a lot of time in your room, or if it were a work trip where fast wi-fi was essential, then the Clarendon's probably not for you. But for a vacation hotel where you're out and about 90% of the time, it has a lot to offer. That said, at the regular price of $130 a night (plus $20 hotel fee), I'd drop it to three stars.
5	I visit The Clarendon in Phoenix every month, staying anywhere from two nights to five in a row. The front desk staff David and Reva usually are working when I check in and out and they are always happy to see me, greeting me by name and knowing exactly what type of rooom I get and where. The pool is beautfiul, the waterfall wall is beautiful! The rooftop has the best views in Phoenix of the sunrise or the sunset. This is my "office" for any down time I have during my stay. The Gallo Blanco Cafe is another stellar part of my stay at The Clarendon Hotel! The ceviche is amazing as is ANYTHING you will get on the menu, The Agua Fresca is sweet and delicious and even better spiked! Wednesday night is ALWAYS jammed packed as that is Flamenco night with authentic dancers and singers. The morning staff at Gallo Blanco doesn't even give me a menu anymore they just ask if I am getting the usual! It's awesome! As far as I am concerned, there is no other place to stay in Phoenix! Thank you to all of the staff and owners of The Clarendon for creating a truly unique experience that I will continue to return to again and again!
2	Stayed here one night while on business in Phoenix.  I really wanted to like this hotel.  I really did.  They do a lot of things right (nice ambiance in the rooms, big plasma TV, and contrary to many reviews on here - the front desk people I dealt with were quite nice, and parking is free).  However, you can only put so much lipstick on the pig.  It was clearly a Motel 6 / Days Inn / some other motel previously that probably cost $30 / night.  Also, I booked the room thinking it was going to cost about $125 / night.  Then they hit you with all the taxes (holy hell Phoenix has some taxes - but that's not the hotel's fault).  And then the $20 "service fee charge".  I don't know what this could be for other than a fee to clean the room, which they decide against lumping into the cost of your stay.  That's misleading in my opinion.Anyway, it's a cool little hotel.  But 4 stars?  No way.  At $100 / night (including all fees, but not taxes), it would be a very solid option.  Unfortunately, it cost me about $175 all in to stay on a Tuesday night.
5	What can I say!!!! Awesome hip place this is.   The wifey and kids found this place on a spur of the moment getaway.   Man, this place is a winner!  Especially the price and service was great.   The pool is heated to 82 degrees and they have a huge jacuzzi that fits like 30.  Pool closes at midnight and to my amazement were offering free otter pops, soda,  water, and candy bars til 8am.   Man, we work a lot and this place was a breath of fresh air.    Next time were in town or passing through, this place is a must.  Thanks Clarendon hotel, my family and I will remember this place for years.
5	Great place. Great stacation spot. Great prices great pool. Icey AC.  Food is fantastic.
4	I've been to a few boutique hotels, and this seems like one of the better ones.  They often have good deals like buy two nights get one free.  The pool is nice on a hot day especially because you can get drinks from the utterly fantastic restaurant in the hotel, Gallo Blanco.  There is even a rooftop where parties are often held.  I've had some fun up there.  I wish I lived closer so I could bike ride over on a summer day.
4	Awesome hotel!  Very trendy and hipstery, yet good for kids.  Awesome pool and rooms a really good size.  It is a retro hotel which has been dressed up, so if you're looking for absolute luxury this isn't the place.  But they make up for it with their service and friendly atmosphere.  The staff is awesome and provide the basic amenities free of charge, i.e. water, coffee, and 24 hour snack bar. :-)  It is a small locally owned 4-star hotel, with a motel 6 price.  You can't beat it!
4	I really love this hotel and I have never even stayed in the rooms. Not only is their restaurant, Gallo Blanco, one of my favorites in Phoenix, but every Wednesday, they have flamenco music/dancers from 7-9. Those nights get packed and are alot of fun/high energy. I have taken friends and family on Wednesday and they enjoyed the performance as much as I do.Last weekend, we used their pool. We live within walking distance, and have a pool too, but hey, nothing beats having drinks served to you!. We got there around 2 and it was packed! No matter as they had fake grass laid out around the pool and we set up camp on one in a shaded spot. All around the pool are these fragrant blossoms, trees, variety of lounge chairs, couches, beds, and chill music playing. So relaxing. The server came around frequently and another employee came out handing out free Otter Pops and bottled water. So awesome! You could also order food from the restaurant. My husband, daughter, and I had an awesome time. There was a good mix of families, singles, gays, friends, etc. We felt very comfortable there and see lots of fun to be had in the summer!One note, be careful around the cool looking blue glass in the cement around the pool. Some of it had broken off and gotten in my foot. Not very cool when people are walking around barefoot and with kids around.
4	The Clarendon was exactly what I was hoping for. Great room, very friendly staff, amazing pool area, and ultra gay-friendly. Would recommend!
2	This was my first visit back at the Clarendon since 2006, when the hotel had recently changed owners, and I was really excited about going back.   Much has improved since then, particularly the space (room decor, public areas--pool and rooftop, even the elevator) and the on-site restaurant.  The Clarendon still has very friendly service and decent amenities.  I also appreciate the little touches like having an iPod dock on the clock radio, Philosophy soap and lotion, low-allergen rooms, etc.  However, the hotel has some real liabilities.  One is the noise.  Good god in heaven, don't stay on a weekend night unless you want to be kept up until 4 a.m by people drinking in the outside hallways.  I expected noise from the pool area until midnight, as that's when it closes, but after that, the hotel staff needs to pay attention to what its guests are up to outside of their rooms.  Several times during the wee hours, I looked out my window to count how many people were outside drinking.  Sometimes four or five, an hour later, ten or twelve.  *sigh*Another problem is the $20 "service fee" which covers parking, wifi, unlimited local/long distance calls, gym access, two bottles of water, "free late-night munchies minibar," a Keurig machine in room,  morning paper and four pool passes.  The owners of the Clarendon argue that parking and wifi alone would cost that much at other downtown hotels 1. While It IS true that resorts around here charge a 20-dollar resort fee, and some downtown hotels charge up to $18 per night for parking, that usually means access to an actual resort and valet service with your car in a garage, someone to help with your bags, etc..  As for wifi, typically, hotels downtown catering to business travelers (ie. most of the hotels downtown) provide that service for free; if not, the guest has the choice of paying for it or not. And the wifi at this hotel is sloooow.  2. At the Clarendon, a covered parking spot is not guaranteed (we had one when we checked in, but when we left around 7 pm to go to the store--see below--, the covered spaces were all taken upon our return), but you still have to schlep your bags inside and up to your room yourself (and I saw no baggage cart in the lobby).  When it's 100+ degrees outside, trust me, these things make a difference.  3. I doubt many guests actually take advantage of the room phone, since most folks these days have a cell phone. 4. The small bottles of water were your garden-variety cheap stuff, and the in-room Keurig?  It came with only two coffee pods (the others were decaf and tea), paper cups, Sweet 'n Low (hello, cancer warning) and "non-dairy" creamer.  Seriously.  Even the cashier at that Fresh 'N Easy up the street where we went to buy a couple of coffee mugs to use said, "At the Clarendon?? How un-gay!"  We all laughed at that one. But seriously.  4. How are the munchies "free" if you're paying for them with this service fee?  And 5. The promised morning paper and four pool passes never materialized, nor were we told anything at check-in about the gym access.  In any case, we couldn't enjoy the pool because it was literally PACKED with 20-somethings whooping it up from the moment we checked in. And it's certainly no "sea of tranquility" after dark, either.Now, I should add here that my stay last weekend was free (I won a night via a FB contest), and I was really looking forward to a romantic evening with my guy.  That's not really how it went.  *If* I had been paying, I would have been seriously pissed off at being kept up all night by rude guests and paying for amenities that either should actually be free, cost less or be worth the expense.  So my advice to people considering staying at the Clarendon is this: during pool season, stay away unless you're okay with a LOT of noise.  But if you're under 30 and looking for a party, you could do worse than to stay here on a weekend night.  It's a cool place full of hip people.  It's like Hotel Congress in Tucson, but with flat-screen TVs and slick decor.
1	Unhappy.  That will sum it up.  My room (Room 201) was nice enough when I walked in, but upon inspection, I saw it wasn't very clean. For starters, it had not been vacuumed. Sure, there were new linens on the bed, but why were there used sweet and low packets all over the dresser, trash on the floor, and, get this, an empty soap box shoved underneath the bathroom light fixture. The hotel is non-smoking, but everyone at the pool was lit up.  A hotel worker did come by to tell them to put their cigarettes out, but once she left they just lit up again. *repeat scenario about six more times*.  I couldn't even enjoy a moment in the hot tub, (which is nice) because some jerk kept throwing trash around it.This is my final complaint..... no accountability to police what people are doing around the hotel.  Huge groups of douche bag frat boys and sorority princesses pounding drinks and screaming or laughing at the top of their lungs directly in front of other people's hotel rooms from midnight to 6 a.m.  I have no problem with people having a good time, but at 2 a.m., stay the f*** away from in front of my hotel room, especially if your obnoxious laugh sounds like a hyena being raped.  I wanted to strangle the female that kept me up for an hour and a half with her "I have no real personality so I make this sound to seem interesting" laugh.  Luckily my wife called the front desk and filed the complaint.  My only pluses for this place.  Once the front desk is called with a complaint, they go and try to stop it (too bad this is a reactionary response), key word being try, since it seems they do not really enforce any of their own rules.  Free soda's and junk food.  Free wifi. Yup, that's about it.
1	Please don't be fooled by the hotel's website and "4-5 star" reviews like I was. The outside looks very old and the inside looks like it's a hip place due to the bar & restaurant but the hotel it's self was not impressive at all! And after arrival and check in we are told The Sky Deck is closed for painting....CLOSED!!!!! WTFreak!?!?!?! It's their biggest attraction and now we are told it's close????? Seriously?? The lay out of the hotel reminded me of some ghetto-hacienda-new jack city- style, with the pool in the center so all the dope smoking fools can see you in your bathing suit! Yes you get free snack, refreshments, bottles of water, a personal Keurig coffee machine,  covered parking and wifi....and that is why this hotel attracts such shady clientele.Not once but twice was this group of 20yr olds asked to stop smoking in the pool area. Did they actually stop?? NOPE!! Finally we left after 10mins of watching that hotel staff not being in control of the situation. As we are leaving this drunk-punk throws something in the pool that splashes us and then has the nerve to say "F*@# Bro, can you hand me my s#@*! back". Seriously?? Our room was next to the elevator (should have know this was gonna be a problem)   Then at 1am we are awakened by  the most God-Awful laughs that lasted a good 10-15mins. This group of people decided to sit on the sofa's outside the elevator's and just have a good o'l time...AT 1 AM, RIGHT OUTSIDE OF OUR DOOR!!  I take medication to sleep and it knocks me out  COLD, so to have been woken up by all this noise, then you can only imagine!!!  Yes the front the desk was notified and yes they acted immediately but come on, seriously???Don't even get me started on  how dirty our room was. Looking around we found evidence that the housekeeping department won "best effort" in  the-motel-6-housekeeping-competition!  Who doesn't notice the box of caress soap sitting over the bathroom mirror?? Or the used sweet & low packets sitting next to the coffee maker?? I was too scared to continue looking around! I put my flip flops back on prayed that my immune system did not not let me down! DEFINITELY WILL NOT BE STAYING HERE, EVER AGAIN!!!
5	It has been about a year since our last visit and we had definitely been looking forward to it. While we enjoyed our last stay, the room we stayed in was showing its age and use. To be expected though for a hotel that seems to be pretty popular. Actually, when we left last time we noticed new carpet stacked in the hall and the room had a survey asking customers about changes they would like to see in the rooms.Well it looks like they took those suggestions to heart!  Our room looked freshened up and updated. The carpet was new and the bathrooms seem to be remodeled a bit...to include soap and hair product dispensers. Nothing too drastic, but nice updates.Staff is always great and have never failed to grant a request, whether it is more pool towels or coffee pods. Hoping to stay at least two moe times  this summer at our favorite PHX hotel!
2	love the decore and attention to detail, but the service was really bad.  the shower wasn't attached right somehow so it squirted water everywhere in the bathroom.  i asked for maintenance to address, but no one showed up in the 3 days i stayed there.  no discount for the issue and barely an apology.  i expect more from a motel 6 let alone a hotel that charged me $600 for a 3 night stay.
3	Overall a good experience. But when we got there at 2pm they said even though our room was ready, check in wasnt till 3 & it would be $25 to check in even an hr early. My husband & I stay in hotels a lot & have never been charged to check in early especially if the room was ready. We said no thank you and went out to the pool. Pool was nice & refreshing, smaller than I expected after reading other reviews, also the decking around was extremely hot, wondered why they didn't have the cool decking most hotels do. The waitress never came around to us to see if we wanted drinks, so we went inside to the bar to get them, after that we asked her twice for a menu & she never got us one, and it wasn't busy at all. So we finally went inside the restaurant to eat, which was by far the best feature of the hotel. The carne asada burrito was the best I've ever had. The room was nice & clean, a suite w plenty of space. Bed was really comfortable, only drawback was they only left us 2 towels & 1 wash cloth. Free snacks were a plus, especially since most resorts charge the $20 fee & u don't get anything extra. Pool was nice at night, so was the sky deck & both were open till midnight. Not noisy at all like in most of the reviews I read, so that was a pleasant surprise. We live on the west side & went to a Dbacks game & didn't want to drive back, so it was very convenient & got a good military discount at $80 for the night. Close enough to the light rail to get to the game, & plenty of restaurants/bars nearby.
4	I loved that when I was checking in I was offered an otter pop.  The staff were the friendliest people I've encountered at a hotel.  The pool was beautiful and it was fun going on the rooftop deck to view the city.  The room was very cool but there were a few small details that could be improved.  The lighting above the vanity was missing a lightbulb and the ones that were there didn't match.This was a hotel with character that I can't wait to stay at again!
4	I stayed here a year ago and I frequently bring friends here for the great food at Gallo Blanco inside the hotel or for the free Flamenco on Wednesday nights. The atmosphere is wonderful, they always have different artwork in the hotel.  The pool is huge and the roof is a fun place to relax when it isn't too hot outside. The rooms are a nice size and all of our needs were promptly taken care of when we stayed. I would recommend this hotel to anyone who asked.
3	I stayed at the Hotel Clarendon last week.  There were certain aspects of the hotel that I liked, such as the pool and Gallo Blanco.There were more aspects that I was not happy with.  First off, our room overlooked an ugly parking lot, then the trash truck picked up right outside our window early in the morning.  Housekeeping was lousy, towels and toilet paper were not restocked and apparently there is only one person on duty at night, so we had to go to the front desk to retrieve our own towels and toilet paper.  The only thing housekeeping was good at was making the beds, however, they did leave a dirty q-tip on the freshly made bed.I would stay there again if the rates were good.  I liked the location
4	This was our first hotel in a series of stay-cations, and boy did the Clarendon Hotel set the bar for funky, fun, and thoughtful. From the outside it peaked our interest - there aren't many hotels you drive up to with a bright green and blue/white striped exterior. Then we saw the electric vehicle reserved spaces in the parking lot, which again is pretty cool. We walked over the circle drive asphalt of the typical gray-black mixed with surprising sparkles of blue rock, and into the lobby, which was already getting noisy from the crowd at Gallo Blanco. Our first favorite thing about the Clarendon is the front desk. The uber nice front desk lady not only offered us cold water bottles free of charge, she also got us some of the complimentary goodies. Here's bonus point #1: Your $20 a night service fee for the room not only includes parking, gym access, and internet (like a lot of hotels), but also long distance calling, and the desk has free cold water bottles, nutrigrain bars, Kit-Kats, Reece's Pieces, Otter Pops, and Snickers bars. Yes ladies - this hotel gives you chocolate as a thank you for staying there.....For the rest of this review visit:http://www.things-to-do-in-phoenix-arizona.com/ClarendonHotel.html
5	I haven't actually stayed here, but I've hung out with friends who were, and I also attended an art show here. The pool is RAD! The rooms are really cool, and the Kurig coffee maker is awesome. You can go downstairs and ask them for anything you forgot (razors, etc.) and they'll have them on hand. It's a really accommodating place. The bar is cool, I would feel awkward going for just the bar, but hey, that's me. I've seen some cool looking roof top parties up there, but never went up to join. I would recommend staying here to visiting guests. You can find some good deals on the place through group discount sites or sometimes just by calling the hotel.
2	So disappointed! We were not greeted when we came into the lobby, there were no towels by the pool, in fact we had to ask 3 times for towels! The front desk staff were rude and looked like they could give a s*** less about being there. my group and I were most upset about happy hour prices not being given to us at the pool, we would have spent so much more money had they let us get a pitcher of margarita at the pool, instead we went to the grocery store and made our own.I probably will not come back
1	My husband and I wanted a simple staycation. There is no poolside service so all drinks must be ordered at the bar. So, with the order of bloody Mary's the bartender reached into olive jar with fingers, wiped hands on jeans, reached into spicy green bean jar with fingers then wiped hands on his jeans again and put these garnishes in our drinks. GROSS!!! So, I drove to Safeway to get our own bloody Mary mix and vodka. However, we had forgotten this disgust as we proceeded to enjoy our time in pool with our drinks. Then, this employee comes by to confiscate our drinks. When I explained why we bought our own drinks ( the disgust) he didn't seem one iota interested. The employees need to take some customer service and hygiene classes.  The Clarendon deserves a grade  D or F dept of health grade.
2	I'm glad we only stayed for the one night. The female at the desk needed a personality, the two guys were fine. The lobby almost looked done. The pool and the bar looked nice. The outside of the hotel looked as if it was under construction? But wasn't and needs to be. The room was trying sooooooo hard to be on trend, but it had paint over paint trying to cover the old style left from 3 decades ago. Old tiles and old tubs/showers with new sink/vanity just looks like this company ran out of money. The floor had hair on it and needed a mopping bad. The bed was not quality either way to soft. Over all so not worth the $$
5	This place is so awesome and so is the staff.We checked in late one night and they gave us free pop and candy! We were hungry for food and hotel staff gave us good recommendations for places to eat and knew directions to the local liquor stores too!The rooms are hip and modern. I don't remember if there was a bible, but there was a book on buddhism. The awesome pool (lights change the color of the water) and kool rooftop deck (great views and another nice place to chill) are open until 12am, but they're friendly about letting you stay longer before closing it down for the night.The attached restaurant closes at 10am and re-opens for breakfast. It incorporates fresh, local and organic ingredients. The chorizo, eggs and horchata are must orders!This hotel and its staff were so great we came back for another stay after camping/hiking the Grand Canyon for a few days. If you're in Phoenix, the Clarendon Hotel is highly recommended!
1	If this is the best boutique hotel in Phoenix, change your plans and stay at a non-boutique hotel.  The pool is gorgeous.  Gorgeous and filled with kids and teenage girls, guys with cowboy hats holding beers and smoking (while in the pool).  I hope you like the hotel's music, because they play it over the pool area and all the rooms surround this area: so you hear it in your room.  The gym is a room with three very old machines and a broken treadmill.  It feels like storage room.  Also, they're using that space to store things.  Get it?The food at the restaurant is solidly good, as are the drinks.  However, if they ask you if you want to sit at the counter (like, if you're a solo guest as I was), they mean the large work area where the waiters and waitresses are processing their checks, where the kitchen staff comes and slams down the washed silverware and glasses, where five feet from your food, an assembly line of people are folding napkins or polishing silver.  And you're facing the kitchen entrance.  Mind you, this is not an exposed kitchen like was all the rage in restaurants (15 years ago): you're just staring at the, literally not joking, kitchen sink and the expo line.   In the rooms, you get a desk chair and a bed.  No sofa, love seat or anything to put your luggage on.  But the fridge is big.  The TV is huge but there are no movie channels available.  There seemed to be an option for movies, but no one in the hotel knew how to make it work. Also not a joke.   They couldn't find anyone to get the TV to work.  If it matters to you, the headboards are not connected to the wall so if you plan on getting your freak on, or if you neighbors bump nasties, you will here every banging against the wall. Lest the people think I'm being mean, please note that most staff and waiters and waitresses were awesome.  Very friendly and attentive. The blond, blue-eyed front desk guy is total eye-candy.  This review is NOT a reflection of the people.  And it's only my personal experience one weekend in the case that it might help you make up your mind about staying here.The other reviews and representations of this hotel and restaurant lead one to believe that they are going to a modernist or midcentury remodel with all the attention to customer experience one might expect comes with the smart design and hip, contemporary approach to hotels.  But this is NOT that place.  It's sort of a mess with a pretty surface and a really good restaurant and bar.   And at least the weekend I was there, it was hopelessly straight, filled with fraternity and sorority types, loud, obnoxious, rude to the staff, and so on.  Think Mtv's Real Life or Jersey Shore kind of atmosphere in the pool area.  Not joking.  Not exaggerating.  So if that's your idea of some time by the pool, now you know the clientele this place is attracting.   So while everything about the website and reviews leads one to believe it might be a cute place for a gay getaway: it's not that.  Not that it needs to be either.  Again, I'm just trying to help people considering it among other options.    I hope this helps others!
2	I was really excited to stay here. And I'm pretty easy to please, I look for positive things in a business, I am not critical unless it's deserved. I was really underwhelmed by the Clarendon. Most of the people who work there seem really displeased with having to be there. Pretty crappy attitudes (there were a few exceptions) and poor customer service skills. I sat a few different places in the restaurant/bar areas and heard nothing but employees bitching about co-workers, what shifts they had to work, etc.  David S. who wrote a review on 9/2/12 is pretty right on about everything he says.  (I do not know David, just agree with his review)The pool is pretty cool.  It gets packed on weekends between 2 and 6 with MTV Spring Break type crowd.The pool towels were nice, the one time I used one, but in my 3 night stay, they were out of towels a huge majority of the time.  When I would ask for a towel, my request was received like I was a huge pain for asking, then I was asked if I was a guest there, like maybe I am some random person walking around collecting towels from hotels. The rooms were much nicer on the Internet than in person. There were 2 Philosophy products, lotion and bar soap, neither were replenished when my room was serviced.  The shampoo, body wash and conditioner are some other crappy brand, not Philosophy.  I wasn't offered any snacks or otter pops and with the rudeness of the front desk, I did not want to ask, hoping to avoid them as much as possible.The pool closes pretty early, 11 weeknights and 12 weekends.  The bar and restaurant close early too.  The only good thing I really have to say is that the guacamole at the restaurant is hands down the best I've ever tasted.  $17 per night is a steep resort fee for this kind of place.  The Mandalay in Las Vegas is $25 a day and about 1000X nicer.  The resort fee and the high taxes and surcharges make the room pretty pricy and not worth it.  I won't be back.
5	We love this hotel! It's not your expensive hoady toady hotel but it is a clean, friendly, and inviting place to stay. This is our second time here. The room has a sitting room and bedroom. There is a rather large glass fridge which is always a plus. Free bottled water whenever you'd like and a Kering coffee maker with a wide selection of single cup coffee options. The only downfall of the room is the shower. It's just a standard shower and tub but they try to make it appealing with a nice shower head. Can't complain. Comfy beds.  Aveda and Philosophy products, yay! Another really nice component of the hotel is free munchies and soda after 9! Granted you have to wait until 9, you can still stock up for the following days especially if you have kids. They have a million amenities if you've forgotten anything at home. Even sunscreen! The pool is super nice with a gigantic hot tub. You could probably fit 35 people in them.  They have yoga on the roof on Sundays, flamenco dancing on Wednesday and Thursdays and a newly renovated roof top bar. The restaurant/bar downstairs has a nice patio and raved about food though we have not tried it yet. We enjoy this place.  It's a nice chill, homey place we enjoy coming to. Not your  normal Hilton experience. Extremely fun and friendly staff. We can't complain and will be back.
4	The hotel was clean and the hotel staff was very freindly and welcoming! The only problem I had was that the walls are pretty thin and you can hear people in the next room.
5	One of my favorite hotel in the us. Great room, very calm and lovely staff. One regret : you can't charge the restaurant food on your room. But that does not affect my final rating : 5 stars!
5	The Clarendon is now our go to hotel while visiting Phoenix. It is affordable and the resort fee is worth it as it includes free parking, free long distance and local calls, free internet, and free snacks and drinks at the front desk. The staff were polite, helpful, and very nice. The hotel itself is super super cool-the pool, decor, and art displayed all eclectic and unique. And I cannot say enough great things about the restaurant downstairs! We literally ate there everyday several times a day during our stay. It was delicious! Yes, the bar and restaurant close early, but if you want a late night meal you can walk a block to Fez. Even with it's quirks, The Clarendon is still amazing. We felt right at home with all the creative types who were staying and/or hanging at the bar. We will be back!
5	Stayed at the hotel from 11/18 till 11/23/12. Excellent hotel and the stuff was great. Originally was supposed to come during Hurricane Sandy and couldn't fly out as I was affected by the storm.. The hotel staff had no problem changing my reservation and didn't even change the price. Everything was great. The room was clean. The pool was excellent.
5	Great hotel! I loved every part of my stay, from the funky room and the nice bed, free snacks and water at night when I had the munchies, and the customer service was fabulous. I will stay here every time I come to Phoenix. Also they have free wifi and the room is filled with all the amenities needed for a good hotel stay.
1	The bar tender was rude and has poor customer service
3	Stayed here because we received a Groupon from a friend.  Enjoyed the ambiance and decor.  LIke being in the Central Phoenix crowd.  The room was nice, we got the bigger size room so it was very spacious for two.  The bed was alright, walls were thin (which I was expecting from the reviews), which was really annoying late at night when the music from the pool/bar top area was going til pretty late at night.  We were looking forward to the "free snacks and drinks and wifi" but really that is covered in the fee, and the snack are behind the front desk, so we were deterred from taking advantage of the snacks because it was late at night and didn't want to go get dressed to go down to the front desk.But we enjoyed the Gallo Blanco, had a great service, great drinks and tacos.  The prices were reasonable at the hotel, enjoyed the happy hour. Didn't get to try the pool because it was too cold for us, but we might go back in the summer to enjoy the pool and bar, but i'm not sure i would stay there without a groupon because the rates seem pricey for what the hotel is.
4	I really enjoyed my stay at this hotel. It was clean, beautiful and classy. I loved the modern and fresh look and the staff was helpful as well as friendly. Now, you may be thinking....Ali, if you liked it so much why only 4 stars? Well that my friends is because of this weird hold they do on your card when you check in. I'm used to giving my card to hotels, and I figured this would be no exception however upon check in they place a hold on your card the value of the room...even if the room is paid for. I've seen small charges on the card...or hotels just keeping the number on file but at 70 dollar hold after already paying for the room is a bit ridiculous. Also, paying the 30-something 'resort tax" on top of the room cost was a bit much esp. since we spent 2 different nights here in the same week. Ouch. I have to agree with previous reviewers about the free late night snacks it is a bit detouring to need to head down to the front desk, we thought there would be a minibar/snack thing in the room. It was quiet when we stayed there on a monday and then on a sunday night. We will probably stay again, but will definitely plan for the "hold" charge.
3	1., the bad, a $17 parking/resort/hold fee. this alone is a reason not for us to return. now if they had a parking structure that had a mortgage i wouldn't mind. but there is on street parking closer than the parking lot. the last time we had this kind of fee was in Waikiki, this is not there. elevator smells like smoking, but the hallways and room doesn't.the restaurant closed, for good or for xmas, we can't tell. no microwave.2. the good. beautiful spa and pool. very good staff. almost no one here for xmas,we've only seen a handful of people. bikes for free in lobby. towels, snacks, large screen tv, no extra channels or movies. nice ac controls. large room, funny chairs-not comfortable. safe in closet.odd but interesting, bust of don bolles in lobby. in an older badly aging part of phoenix, must have been an exclusive area 30 years ago.recommendations:get rid of $17 resort charge, cease $90 credit card hold, lots of us have emails tracking expenditures and don't like these mystery.play up the pool and skydeck on roof. have entertainment there, even a talented accordian player would add something, play up art angle, both staff we talked to knew a lot about art, have their projects displayed through hotel.build on your strengths-the pool, the roof, the people who work there.get a sheet of art attractions, display it, hand it all, work out deals with artsy places to display on walls and even in the rooms. make it a travel here to enjoy phoenix's small art shows and struggling artists place. it has potential but needs to be pushed to realize it.
5	Love this cute boutique hotel. The bed is comfy with lots of pillows, and the room has great style and function. I love that there is a Keurig in every room to make a quick cup of tea or coffee. My favorite part is the night light scented oil warmer! I enjoyed my stay here. The staff were so friendly and courteous. I enjoyed getting in the huge hot tub all by myself! I felt like I was living like a celebrity! Will definitely be back...you should check it out too!
5	My husband and I enjoyed a wonderful "staycation" at The Clarendon for our anniversary last night, 1/6/13, and I can't say enough good things about our visit! The customer service at the front desk was top-notch, the room was modern, clean, and the bed was huge and so comfortable! We did not have the chance to use the pool or spa but enjoyed the roof top lounge and really appreciated the motion-activated heaters which kept it possible to enjoy the gorgeous night time views without freezing our tails off. We also loved all the free munchies from the front desk, and spent some time walking the halls admiring all the art. Many, many thanks to Ben Bethel and all the Clarendon staff for making our stay so enjoyable, I can't wait to return!*I also just received a call from Greg at the front desk thanking me for my stay. Awesome follow-up and +++customer service!
5	Damn, this place was fancy and wonderful. This is old skool desert gangster vibe at its best. The square hotel has a large center open area with it's famous swimming pool which reminds me of something smack out of 1970s Miami. I was invited to photograph the Bethel's Halloween Bash & enjoyed the hell out of the evening. This event has been on going for years and that night Zero Zero recorded their latest music video. Everyone was decked to the nines and the roof top bar is the place to be on a beautiful night in the Valley of the Sun.
5	I honestly love the Clarendon Hotel! I celebrated my birthday here with some friends and family and had a blast (from what I remember). The rooms are awesome, classy and interesting. The window treatments are unique and consist of an almost industrial looking sliding window cover. I noticed that the wall art, which I can only describe as uniquely edited Arizona scenic photography, became a conversation piece by everyone who came in. The beds are extremely comfortable, like sleeping on a cloud and you better believe we rocked the comfy white robes too. The bathroom design is very modern and the only thing I didn't like was that the bathtub was pretty small which makes it hard to have bubble baths :). We took advantage of the mini fridge which we were excited had a freezer. The hotel provides bags of ice too which I liked better than having to go back and forth to an ice machine. The ice did leak into the fridge though, soaking my cake in water but I forgive them for that. They had FREE snacks that you could get a the front desk if you just ask, and they have some good choices like goldfish, kit kats, m&m's just to name a few. Some of my guests also grabbed some food from Gallo Blanco and all of it tasted really good. I have no idea what I tried so I can't give a valid review of the food. They have a cool hallway with the history of the hotel, and its connections with some crazy mob gangs. I recommend you take a look.  The rooftop bar....oh how the view is amazing. I was surprised that it wasn't packed on a weekend night but happily surprised because it felt like I had my own private rooftop event. There are bartenders up there, but we had our own supply in the room so we would just go back and forth from the room to the roof all night. We had so much fun, or TOO much fun, I know this because me and the fiance didn't make it out to the bars lol. We don't really remember but we had a little too much to drink and our friends made a decision that we should call it a night. LOL. We woke up a little late and the front desk called, they were nice enough to let us check out late! The pool is gorgeous and awesome! Our friends enjoyed it plenty while we suffered with a nasty hangover. :) Good times!
2	For a hip hotel with nice rooms, great food, and a funky heated pool, this place was a disaster. I stayed here one night (Sunday) for a business trip and left the following afternoon around 5.  The first problem, a small one, was the lack of room service. I was tired and busy working and just wanted a burger in my room. Unfortunately they don't have room service, so I headed down to the restaurant for a quick bite. That shouldn't have been a problem since the restaurant downstairs is ranked as one of the best in Phoenix. And the food was good. But the service was surly and unwelcoming. They are trying to pull off a hipster, trendy vibe at that place, but since when did trendy become synonymous with rude? Waiters would barely look at you, throw you a menu, and shrug with ambivalence if you asked a question about the menu. I ate as fast as I could and got the hell out of there. (and by the way, I'm not a crotchety old man complaining about manners - I'm 31 and pretty darn laid back).The next morning I ask for a cab to the office where I'm having my meeting so they call one for me. 10, 15, 20 minutes go by. Finally, as I start to call my own cab because I'm going to be late it finally shows. More on that in a bit.I returned after my meeting and checked out around 11 but didn't have a flight out for six hours and needed to work, so they graciously held my bags and let me hang around. Too bad there was nowhere else in the hotel to work except the too cool for school restaurant. But i took my chances and ordered a coffee and took a seat as far in the corner as possible so my suit and tie corporateness and laptop neediness didn't kill the vibe.Apparently it didn't work. The manager walked by every five minutes disdainfully asking if I needed anything else or was ready for the check. Alright, message received. The situation was so uncomfortable I grabbed my bags and left the hotel in search of somewhere else to ply away the afternoon.But of course this hotel is also in the middle of nowhere, a barren wasteland of vacant parking lots and run down apartment complexes. I walked a four block radius and found a Chinese buffet and a Safeway. Not really conducive to work.Reluctantly I went back to the hotel (where again they graciously took my bags) and I went to work in the lobby out of the way. Awkward but effective. Finished my work and decided to head straight to the airport three hours early because by this point an overpriced airport bar was more welcoming than this place.Good thing I wasn't in a hurry. They called me a cab and I waited 45 minutes - four five - for the cab. No cab. Never came. Finally, after waiting huddled in the lobby with my bags for nearly an hour I told them to cancel my taxi and called my own after spending two seconds on Yelp (yay Yelp!). The taxi I called came in five minutes, and I was able mercifully to close the book on the Clarendon.Two stars because they provided the most basic hotel service - clean, comfortable place to sleep - and because the food really was terrific. But for the price and hassle, I'm really disappointed in this place.Also, FYI, the situation bothered me enough to create a Yelp account and write my first review.
2	The Clarendon has some nice perks, like free wi-fi (however it was not working for one day of our stay), a nice outdoor pool area with a hot tub that stays open until mid-night, and my personal fav: free candy/snacks/water available at the front desk around the clock.  I like those extra touches, and appreciate them, but unfortunately they miss the mark in other areas.  It looks like they've tried to update the rooms, but they have a ways to go.  There were several things that I thought were just plain odd- no overhead lights, and no switches that turned the lamps on and off- each of the lamps (there were 5 in my room) had to be turned on and off by a switch that was attached to the cord.  There's a cordless phone in the room, but there is no directory in the room with information about how to make calls, or even how to call the front desk, etc.  The alarm clock is old and doesn't work, in fact most the buttons were so worn that you couldn't even tell what you had to press to set an alarm.  Also, the bathroom is small, and I had a lot of difficulty getting hot water- all of my showers were lukewarm.  The dead bolt on my door did not work, and I had to get my room keys reactivated three times in one day.  Also, the hotel itself is in a weird location- there is virtually nothing within walking distance.  I will look at other options on my next trip to Phoenix.
4	The paint job on the outside of the hotel was slightly off-putting & the rooms could be a bit cleaner, but the staff was fabulous, the food was great & the pool was awesome! Would definitely stay here again.
4	I almost felt I was still in Europe as this place has a European feel to it. Loved the room colors, bathrobe to lounge around in whether at pool or in room. Basics available with free snacks, all clean and relaxing! Front desk staff very friendly, informative about the history of the hotel and place.
5	Okay it breaks down like this:Staff: 5 stars. Always ready to help.Decor: 5 stars, my only complaint is that it is so hip, I feel uncool in its midst.Room: 4.5 stars. Awesome except the carpet isn't that well padded. But who cares?Restaurant: 4 awesome breakfast, the $10 coupons handled it. The salsa verde eggs and tostadas were awesome! At night however the server's had serious attitude.
4	I didn't stay at the hotel, but I did meet up with some friends for a going away party at the roof top bar.It was awesome! I thought the wooden deck was pretty shnazzy and the city skyline at night was beautiful! The weather was also perfect, so that was the icing on top. There were a lot of people when we went from different parties but it was spacious enough that we could still enjoy the people we were there with no problem. The hotel pool down below looked pretty sweet too. The changing light colors made the place look pretty swanky. No food on top, just drinks. But I've been to the Gallo Blanco Cafe before and they had pretty good food. If you're having a party, this would be a pretty cool place to do it!
4	Before i get into my opinion of the hotel, i must say that the staff is amazing. always pleasant and helpful. The attached restaurant, which will get its own review, has freaking awesome food. First thoughts when pulling up to the Clarendon in the day time (there are multi-color lights on the building at night) are somewhere along the lines of "what a shit storm". Once you walk in, you are pleasantly surprised when you notice the modern decor completely unexpected of your previous outdoor experience. After staying here for 5 days we started referring to it as a shit hole motel that was bought out and renovated to look modern indie. The rooms are actually pretty cool and in general i would love staying here. but if you are used to the big fancy resorts, i dont expect you to like it much. The amenities are awesome, free water and snacks at the front desk, wifi, roof top access, rooftop yoga, $10 breakfast vouchers at their amazing restaurant, free bike rental, and so much more. The lobby bathrooms are a riot too because the men's urinals are mouths lol.definitely check it out, its pretty cool.
2	Staff was very professional and friendly.  The hotel was clean and quirky but nicely appointed.  I was impressed with the money they were putting into the place.  Our stay was ok.  For the money it should have been better.  No hot water....we told the front desk at checkout and we felt we were dismissed and quickly blown off.  "Sorry about that"  "We will report it to maintainence".   We also were rudely awakenend by construction directly below our room by hammering and loud noise.    We were dissmissed about that as well.  Kinda spoiled the stay.   The construction noise went on until checkout so we coulndt even enjoy the pool.............  We should have been warned in advance and we would have stayed another night.  I was very dissappointed.  The Casa Bianco eats were excellent...really wonderful.   The service was OUTSTANDING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  The Food was as well.  I wish my review was more favorable about our experience with the hotel....SAD.  I was so looking forward to a good experience on our Staycation.  But COLD Shower,  Noise, and being Dismissed was and is the result of my review.
4	We stayed during the week in late April.If you are looking for a suit and tie hotel with hot towel service, go elsewhere...This place has a different artsy vibe, colorful staff w/ tattoos and piercings and retro yet modern decor. I thought the hotel was unique, and you just have to take it for what it is... The decor and updates are an obvious attempt to be more sheek and modern, but we really enjoyed it.Personally I found the staff to be pleasant and helpful, and I like that they give you free water and snacks at the front desk. The pool was really great (salt water) and I liked that one side was heated and the other not. We also received two 10 dollar coupons for breakfast in the hotel, ( which we used.) The breakfast was awesome! Coffee was great, and the bed was really comfortable.
5	This is probably my favorite hotel I have every stayed at, and I have stayed at many. It isn't super fancy, but what it lacks in fanciness is more than made up for by an amazing staff, a great pool with amazing pool side beverage service, an excellent restaurant, fun rooms with comfy beds, and free snacks and waters. My husband and I stayed here for our anniversary and had a blast just hanging out at the pool and enjoying some rooftop yoga. I would stay here again in a heartbeat, my husband and I plan on making this a yearly thing!
4	We live around the corner and after needing a place to stay due to electrical work, we purchased a Groupon here. The deal included breakfast for two each day. We booked the pool view suite since we needed something with a sofabed for my daughter. The room had a fridge, separate living room and tvs in each room. The bathroom was motel-ish; tiny, and cracked tiles on the floor. I liked how the decorated it, though, and didn't mind the shampoo, conditioner dispensers on the wall. The bed was really comfortable, I slept very well. I was puzzled by the "pool view" designation, and definitely would not call it that. The room entrance faces the pool (granted, there is a window facing the entrance, too). But with the frosted glass separating the entrances from the pool, I don't see how it can be classified as a pool view. The front desk were great. They freely offered bottled water, and the snacks were awesome. I loved being able to grab a snack whenever. They also have bikes for guests to use. I went to a bikram yoga class one of the days and they were fine with my using a pool towel to bring with me. Funny observation, during the yoga class where you are sweating buckets, whenever I was laying on my Clarendon towel, I kept noticing the fabric softener scent. A nice touch in a stinky room! lol. With the hotel restaurant and all of the amenities, this is a fantastic option for Central Phoenix.
4	The room is nice and quiet.there was music playing when we arrived and the sound machine plays ocean sounds.live the kureg cabby wait to have coffee in the morning.the front desk staff was friendly. Free wifi! The only down fall was the lobby smells of old beer stale and musty, but other than that this has been a lovely experience.
2	First, my family arrived at 2:45 to check in (checking time is listed as 3pm).  We were told that there were no rooms available.  We did not get a room until almost 5pm.  This was after a long day of travel, so we did not start off our stay happy with the service.  But it only got worse from there.The pool, where we spent out 2 hours waiting, was nice enough, if it weren't for the fact that there were 20-30 drunk 20-something singles hitting on each other in it.  Apparently the pool at this hotel is a popular local weekend hangout.  Locals buy day passes and then spend the day drinking in the pool.  Fun, if your part of the crowd.  Not so fun if your a paying hotel guest with kids who keep getting pushed around and bumped by drunk sexed-up hipsters.  We are a family with 2 children under 7, and the room we were assigned after a 2 hour delay, was on the second floor overlooking the pool.  As I said, the pool is mostly filled with non-hotel guests - single hipsters who come for the day to hang out, hit on other hipsters, and to order drinks in the pool - so it's not an ideal child environment.  Also, it's loud, and it's open late, so we asked to have our room moved so that our kids could get to bed early that night for our 6am flight the next morning.  There was no offer by the front desk to help move our luggage into the new "quieter" room.  we had to come downstairs to fetch the new room keys and turn in the old keys.  The new room seemed fine - nothing special (small and uninviting, but there were the basics - 2 beds, a tv...).  We could hear some noise, but it wasn't too loud, and we assumed that the noise was from the room below us, and that it would die down by evening.  So, we went to dinner.  When we got back to the room we watched a movie together.  After the movie, the kids went to bed.  As soon as the movie stopped playing, we could still hear noise from downstairs, but it still wasn't too bad and the kids were quickly asleep after a long day of travel.  The problem arose when, after many hours, the noise not only did not go away, but got much, much louder.  It turned out that the front desk person, who was so kind as to move us out of the loud poolside room, so that our family could get to bed early for our flight the next am, had moved us into a room directly above the very popular bar/restaurant.  The kids were asleep, so it was too late to call down for another room by the time we realized how the front desk person has screwed us.  So, my wife and I were kept awake until well after 1am by the increasingly loud noise from the bar/restaurant directly below our room.  We fell asleep sometime between 1 and 2 am, and then had to wake up just after 4am to catch out flight the next morning.  This was the worst night either my wife or I have ever had in a hotel.  We felt trapped, cheated, abused and completely disregarded as guests of this hotel.  In fact, this really isn't a hotel.  It's really a restaurant/poolside pickup bar, which also happens to have rooms with people trying to sleep upstairs.I think that anyone looking for a hip, singles, pool/bar would probably enjoy this place.  If you're an actual traveler, or a family passing through, then by ALL means, look elsewhere.  This place does not care about you or your family, and they are not catering to your needs.PS - When I called down to ask if the hotel had rollaway beds or cots, the front desk person literally told me that she had no idea what I was talking about.  Rollaway beds are an amenity found in a majority of hotels, but for this hotel to not even know what a rollaway bed or cot even is says a lot about the fact that they have no interest in catering to families.UPDATE - To their credit, the owner of the hotel called me after I emailed my review to  the hotel.  He was very gracious and offered a full refund due to our poor experience.  So, for the follow up of the owner, and his apology, I'm giving the hotel 2 stars instead of the original one star review I left.  However, I still don't recommend this hotel to families.
1	Horrible HORRIBLE SERVICE!!!! Zero stars across the board for service. How can such a place stay in business this long with such aweful service?? Don't get me wrong the restaurant downstairs was amazing the best tacos i've ever had and the wait staff was great but the hotel staff themselves were beyond rude. It started at Check-in when the very unprofessional concierge was explaining certain rules and stating how "stupid" guests are by thinking if they open something or break something the hotel wont track them down and charge them double. The WORST WORSTTTTT part was one exhausting evening we arrived back from a friend's wedding to find our room wasn't cleaned and there was this gross disgusting smelly dirty rag on our coffee table till this day "no one" knows how it got there. I called the front desk to complain and I was treated like a god aweful criminal that apparently travels around with dirty rags in my bag and leaves them in hotel rooms. The concierge I believe his name was Denny, made it seem like it was all of our fault and that the hotel could do no wrong. On top of what I would call..hmm whats the complete OPPOSITE of great service?? He offered to clean our room himself which in it's self was extremely creepy. He became very defensive and made me feel extremely uncomfortable. I packed my bags and left. We stay at the PALOMAR btw and that my friends is what I call great service.
4	Artsy independently owned hotel. The people at the front desk was super nice and helpful. The hotel itself needed a coat of paint and fix a couple of things, but its not that serious. FREE water and snacks (chips, cookies, candy bars... vending machine stuff) which was amazing since we had a long car ride to Sedona after our stay. The restaurant apparently is really popular with the locals so it can get pretty busy at night. The bar has a great cocktail selection too and great breakfast!The room we had was spacious and tidy with a king bed which is AWESOME! The bed itself was good with nice sheets and I slept well.
5	This place is fantastic! Amazing rooms decorated with pop art, unlimited otter pops and bottled water, and extremely comfy beds. Also has a restaurant with local, made-from-scratch food. A friend mentioned that the owner of the hotel is gay, which explains the amazing decor and ambiance. The pool area is awesome, with a water wall and underwater speakers that play different music than above water. A little gem in Phoenix, I highly recommend!
4	This place is super fun. We bought a Groupon to stay here for our friend's birthday and I'm really glad we did. It has sort of a retro feel to it and it's bright with colorful and artsy decor. The rooms have paintings that slide over the windows and work almost like blinds which we loved. Also, when you walk into the room they have your little radio thing on and it's playing the best room/hotel/elevator music ever. I'm not being sarcastic. I wish I would've Shazaamed it. The rooftop bar is awesome you can go up there and hang out and get a view of the city. Also, the pool and hot tub are nice. The hot tub is a long rectangle which in my opinion is a way better shape for a hot tub. No weird toe/leg touching going on like there is in a circular one. We went in December so it had some cute holiday decorations up and a fun holiday-ish feel. Also, you get FREE SNACKS from the front desk. What a nice perk! Pop, candy bars, etc. That definitely makes this place unique. I think it's close to some cool bars downtown but I can't exactly vouch for that because we didn't quite make it out of the hotel that night! I have recommended this place to several friends and all who have stayed here really liked it too. I'll definitely be going back!
4	mexican food is different but its good. the environment is what makes this place fun to be at...
4	This hotel is awesome! Courteous staff, stylish design, chick and elegant. I'm not giving it a five star only because the free Internet did not work on any of our devices. It was too slow. Also the gym is pretty basic
5	The staff at the front desk were super friendly, take our bags to the room and decide to visit the restaurant down stairs before the diamond backs game drinks food and service were in point! Pool  looks like a great time didn't get to visit due to our short stay but will come back for it among other things. To the negative yelpers on this place, please start using this site prior to staying at this location. It may be a little on the loud side but us "some what" young kids need that!!! Just don't stay here, you were young once aswell
3	I've only been here to check out the food at Gallo Blanco so I haven't had an opportunity to view the amenities or the quality of the rooms. Everything outside seems to be under construction, the elevator doesn't work so thankfully I'm not staying here with baggage and it has this nice ran down feel to it. It reminds me of Rocky point, they even supplied humidity to make sure it's got that not so fresh feel. Bathrooms are the same quality of what you can come to expect in Rocky point. Overall, I wouldn't think twice about staying in this place. First impressions are everything
2	They are remodeling right now which I wasn't aware of the extent of the remodel when I booked. 830 am Saturday we woke up to the building being sand blasted so loud you couldn't sleep in or be at the pool. Pool was small and packed with people. Looked bigger in the picture. Room was on the second floor. Elevator was out. Each time the door opened to the hall the window would shake and rattle. Pool noise was loud for afternoon naps in the room making it impossible along with the rattle of the window each time the hall was entered. Bed was small and uncomfortable. Wish we were told about the extent of the remodel. The weekend was a birthday gift to my husband who didn't want to stay after the first night.
1	Horrible stay. Decided to stay here after surgery to recover and relax. Awful beds! I slept worse here than in the hospital! Upgraded to a nicer room upon check in, but I reaped zero benefits from that. Called the front desk multiple times to get reg. coffee for the coffee maker and they told me that I needed to go to the restaurant if I wanted that. They never replaced the toilet paper in the room so i resorted to using kleenex. The hotel claims to be a 4 star establishment, but in actuality it is just a spoofed up motel. I will never stay here again and I am beyond disappointed by this establishment and the staff!
5	My wife and I make it our priority to stay at the Clarendon for our anniversary every year and this tradition will continue. The Clarendon is a great example of how the little guy can really stand out when extra effort is put in. I own a small business and when I am on the road, I am always looking for good value to go along with a quality product. The Clarendon delivers.Rooms are super clean and look great. One of the most comfortable beds in town. And the pool!!! We head here in the summer just to hang out there and at the rooftop patio. I tell all my friends to come to the Clarendon!!!
4	The new roof too is beautiful, limited bar, and only one bartender which made for slower service, but it was a good starter for the night. Drinks were very pricey, I left with a 100$ tab. Will go back just gotta drink less next time. Gorgeous views, laid back, and fun. Wish there was louder popular music. Could be good with a few tweaks :)
5	Best hotel ever. Artsy decore makes for amazing scenery. Front desk service alone makes you want to come back.  Lots of amenities even have free beach cruiser for two very fun things to do with your significant other. Can get a very good deal going through Expedia or other travel sites. The rooftop view is amazing and the long hot tub very relaxing. One of my favorite places to stay.
4	Me and my boyfriend just got here yesterday for his birthday weekend (I took him to see Daniel Tosh), the last time we came out we stayed in a dingy hotel with broken sleep number beds..it was pretty tragic. So we had high hopes for The Clarendon. Neither of us are hipsters so I knew this was a hipster hub and was a little nervous of what I was getting myself into. But the staff was friendly in the days leading up when I was psychotically checking our reservation and were never rude to me. Once we got there, the staff was super helpful, there was a film crew there which means they must be getting some kind of credibility from somewhere, that made me feel better. There were people lounging at the pool and some even doing homework, super relaxed setting and some good music going. I was relieved (some of these other reviews make it sound like a frat house at the poolside!). We take the elevator to our room and open the door- hello beautiful!! Minimalist, art on the walls, simple design, spacious room, king sized bed, and a keirug coffee maker? No way. They even have a gift basket with hangover remedies in case you forget to bring your own (outrageously priced, but sometimes it's worth it). Instead of little plastic bottles that pollute landfills for shampoo and conditioner they have a dispenser that mounts on the wall. I was impressed with that. Mirrored closet so I can get ready with a full length mirror, they know what girls need! Also, radio with iPod and aux hookup which is nice because the radio stations in Phoenix are awful and we only brought one phone charger. The concierge desk called a cab for us, and when we got  back they had snacks and candy out for us, which was nice cuz we spent our dinner money at an awesome bar downtown (I'll review that later). THIS BED IS AMAZING. Hands down, best hotel bed I've ever slept on. Do not underestimate the power of a good hotel bed. This is much needed luxury for us and I'm very happy with it. Oh, did I mention happy hour at Gallo Blanco? Seriously, don't forget to go there. They make awesome sangria with way too much liquor (which I love) and their homemade salsas made from local ingredients is to die for. Don't even bother eating anywhere else. We haven't gone to the pool yet but so far I would rather stay here than any other hotel in the city. Then again keep in mind me and my boyfriend are young 20 something's here for a fun weekend and to unwind a little. We are not a family of four, the things we find important differ from others. If you're looking for a nice hotel with comfort and style and makes everything extremely convenient and keeps it fun, stay here and fall in love with it like we did. Keep up the good work, Clarendon. You're rocking this gig!!!
2	Verrry Expensive! Two nights in beginning of November average cost per night = $245+ )-: I love the contemporary art vibe.. but what matters the most to me is a quiet, elegantly appointed but simple and comfy place to stay in while I am away from home. I do think this very hip place is perfect for partying and entertaining. If you are like me who truly just need a nice comfy bed to crash on after a full day's worth of work or travel away from home, the Clarendon would probably be a bit too busy and noisy. The staff is very nice though! Greg at the front desk was friendly and approachable and made sure I got the lollipop with a scorpion inside replaced in my room's mini bar because I wanted to see one. By the way, the Gallo Blanco restaurant is right next door. I gave the restaurant 5 shiny stars! See my separate review of GB on yelp.
1	It may be cool and trendy but the service is not all that great the lobby is kind of dirty and the glass that separates to the bar/restaurant to lobby is kind of dirty the only thing it's really spectaculars  is the pool and then the view from the top of the roof that would be about it.
2	I really wanted to like this hotel. It looks great on first glance. The layout is beautiful. The rooms are huge. Free snacks, water and internet are great (almost). The green concept of not running the AC without guests is appreciated. And the front desk staff was just unbelievably charming and efficient (5-star grade for the front desk). The knocks: * For $246 per night on hotwire.com I expected better* The carpet floor colors made poor vacuuming obvious* The bathroom is unbelievably tiny (smaller than in a NYC budget apartment)* No room to hang a towel close to the shower* The plastic molded tub wouldn't be good enough for a Motel 6* Water was leaking from the ceiling* The bathroom fan had a deafening roar* The time of the in room clock radio was off by one hour (and could not be changed)* And finally, if you are hip and green, why are your snacks are  the worst junk food? Grapes, apples, bananas, etc would be a better touch.
3	Urban, fun and eclectic hotel. Wonderful staff, really cool center court area, and so cool to be next door to an amazing and very cost-friendly restaurant that features Mexico City-centered menu items (get the tacos!). The roof is such a fun element, but they've got some serious work to do to it yet to make it more of a sunset lounge (only current seating is a long narrow bench that runs the length of the roof; perhaps they will add lounge chairs or even chaise lounges...hint, hint). Rooms: comfy bed, nice to have the fridge. Light in bathroom went out, soap in shower dispenser never got replaced, coffee didn't get replaced each morning...seemed like that could have gone better. Had to go down to front desk to get ice (odd). Snacks were a great idea, but they were all junk food (would have enjoyed fruit ten times more). Staff gave excellent recommendations.
1	So glad we did pay full price for this hotel .Shabby/tacky/ghastly decor. Maybe chic to some but crap to me. Our red room left me feeling cold and depressedI'm not a naive traveler. Been around the world so I've seen a lot.We purchased this on a living social deal for one night before our departure. Thought it might be fun and was recommended. We were weary from traveling all week and just wanted to rest. Was not in the cards as piped in music was playing around the hotel at a pretty good volume. Wasn't even that good to my taste. Adult pop Enya inspired. Went til around 9:30. My wife had complained earlier in the day and asked when it might be turned off. Front desk said around 10 so maybe they capped it early.Early evening after we went out to eat we came back to workers drilling/hammering somewhere undetermined but certainly in the hotel somewhere. Not cool.We did not try the restaurant so I have no experience with the food.Maybe our experience would have been different had we bee there under other circumstances; perhaps in the summer when there was less construction around.Honestly, I would have preferred a Ho-Jo.
4	We stayed at the Clarendon for my 30th birthday (ack) celebration a few weeks ago for a fun "staycaish" kind of night.First impression: THIS PLACE IS SO CUTE. Second impression: FREE PARKING AT A HOTEL, AMAZING. So basically, I was pretty dang excited walking in to check in.The lady at the front desk was super nice and welcoming and got me excited for my birthday. They said they were out of the types of room I booked so we got an "upgrade" which I think was just at a higher level of room because it overlooked the pool. It was too chilly to take advantage of the pool but I can see how this would be an awesome spot for swimming, tanning and boozing in warmer months.Word to the wise: If you have any allergies or are sensitive about smells, I recommend unplugging their electronic candle/air freshener/smelly thingy as soon as you walk in. Our room had an EXTREME odor of...almost a mix of baby powder and cologne. I don't know. It was pretty unpleasant, but went away with time.BUT, that aside, our room was cute!!!! Retro mixed with modern mixed with clean mixed with funky accents and decor and a REALLY comfy bed.To be honest, I think the price is a little steep. $198 in total (including taxes, fees, etc.) BUT hey. If you're not going to splurge on your 30th birthday, when the hell would you? The friendliness of all the staff, the amazing views on the rooftop patio (We hung out there both at sunset and after we came back from dinner) and...did I mention FREE SNACKS AND DRINKS at the front desk? Those all made for a really fun start of a new decade!
1	Horrible. 1. Loud noise kept me up past 4am! I thought the thumping bass was bad UNTIL they started breaking down the party. Slamming doors, moving metal carts (in stereo -outside the window AND door), loading the truck literally until half past 4am.2. Management apologized over and over but did nothing. Said they would call to discuss compensation but never did.3. There's a $20 service fee which amounts to chips and soda and it's kept behind the check-in counter.4. Incident in restaurant below had people running from building. Firefighters, sirens and police everywhere. Sounded like shots ringing out. Phone in room rang and assumed we had to evacuate. People thought there was a shooting but apparently it was firecrackers and rocks being thrown into the building. Not relaxing. Did not feel safe. It was literally featured on the local news that night. I shared a very similar experience to Barbara N. I actually heard a guest at the front desk leaving say: "I want to stay at a hotel not a club." In fact, this hotel does feel like a cheap, cheesy, club. Think Tampa - not upscale Miami. Also, the one and only elevator is slow as molasses and most people used to stairs even when carrying luggage. I would NOT return to this hotel or recommend it to anybody I know.
5	Very pleasant expierence here! I would recommend this hotel
4	the clarendon has one of the best happy hour restaurants we've eaten in. great fish tacos!we spent our new years eve hosted by the clarendon. it was very inexpensive, at only 25 bucks. they hosted a Gatsby theme and luckily, most everyone showed up dressed to the 9's!the party was held at their pool lounge area which had plenty of heat lamps and lots of room to move. or you could head up to their roof top patio which has amazing city views. there were heat lamps also. cash bar and a DJ for the party. it was nice to be able to move about so freely without constantly bumping into other party goers. a couple of things to consider: the rooftop patio is floored with wooden planks with gaps in them. didn't bother me, but i noticed several women in their high heels get caught up several times in the gaps. the DJ was ok i guess, but i did not care for his music. only towards midnight did people start dancing and he didn't interact with the crowd at all. all of a sudden, we just hear "10, 9, 8,...." and that was it. lastly, the wine pours. very inconsistent. i believe a drink is 5oz, but the bartender only served us 3oz. later that night, i got a completely full glass. good for me?but that's nitpicking. fun night and lots of taxis lined up outside to take you home!
5	I always stay here when I'm in town.  Great Staff (Greg and crew).  Great restaurant and pool!
5	I LOVED this hotel. The restaurant in the lobby was awesome.  The huge saltwater pool and hot tub were both amazing as well.  A Keurig in every room?  YES PLEASE!  I stayed on the 4th floor in the very corner of the hotel so it was very quiet and the room came complete with an awesome Thelma and Louise art piece.  It was a little piece of awesome culture.  I will stay there again!
4	Great hotel with fabulous services and restaurant - just what Phoenix needs!We stayed here for a few days after trying to find a place to stay in Phoenix that WASN'T a chain or a massive resort for a decent price and were very pleased to find the Clarendon Hotel.The room we stayed in was CLEAN, large and comfortable, and the bed was fantastic. The Keurig in the room was a great plus along with the provided robes. My only complaint about the room was the tiiiiiiny bathroom. However, the great pool and hot-tub in the main courtyard really made the stay even better and we enjoyed chatting with other guests while enjoying a cocktail or beer from Gallo Blanco (which incidentally, is also fantastic!).My biggest issue was the "resort fee." I really deplore the addition of the resort fee tacked on after you check in - PLEASE just include this in the regular price of a room when you check in...but also, this isn't reaaaaaaally a resort, so why such an outrageous "resort fee?" Still, fee and all, the Clarendon Hotel is worth it, and provided us with a great place to stay in Phoenix.
3	This hotel is just okay. The room felt dirty (carpet was stained and there were still crumbs on the floor) and my blanket had what looked like dried up bodily fluids so I had to ask for a clean blanket. The amenities are basic. The hotel itself is trendy, cool and hip but not nearly as nice as the Palomar. Also, not much within walking distance. The restaurant was good and the customer service was also great. Also, the doors do not close on their own when you leave--it is necessary to make sure to pull it all of the way closed. For these reasons, the hotel gets 3 stars.
4	Lots of character, lots of uniqueness, in a great neighborhood. I didn't pay for the room so I don't know how the prices are.
1	One star is waaay too much for this place and it wasn't the place that was the problem, it was the service and the owner/management.     The company I work for had a Christmas party.  It was raining that day so we had to use the only elevator to go back and forth (we had it on the patio) from the patio to the bar.  We hadn't even started drinking alcohol yet.   Long story short, Denny, the desk boy was extremely rude.  He required us to allow the guests to get on the elevator first (weren't we guests?) only to have to get off the elevator to allow their 'guests' to get off on their floor.   That was fine, I dealt with his ignorant, controlling, little man syndrome.  The elevator was full of the people in my office and I made a comment after those particular guests got off the elevator and the door closed (I was trying to be funny) and Denny started yelling at me telling me they were guests.  He proceeded to tell me that we were also guests while he continues to yell at me.  Basically, we get into it because he wouldn't shut his mouth.   Later on, I went down stairs to complain about his bad behavior after I had lengthy discussions with the other folks that had been on the elevator.  He was behind the desk and after I asked for the management (which, of course, wasn't there) and he proceeded to tell me to get out.  He tried to kick me out of my own Christmas party.   Remember, I didn't do anything at all.  I was shocked.    I didn't leave and I went back upstairs.  Then, when it was time to leave, we started walking out the door and Denny points out the owner to me who was standing right there.  Obvioulsy, after my experience, I am done and we go out to get a taxi.  Then, the owner comes walking out and says he is calling the police on me.  Now I have my whole office waiting outside and the guy is calling the police on me!!  This was witnessed by multiple people including the fact that I did NOTHING at all.  Then, the other desk boy, Jesus, starts yelling at me.  I was absolutely baffled.  I had Canadian clients with me trying to understand what he was calling the police for.  Mind you, the owner never even spoke to me about what had occurred early and clearly didn't care.  The mother of the owner (I guess she also owns it) came out and started asking what occurred and she actually listened to me, but it didn't do any good.   Then, the guy who was calling the police says he is going to tell the police I was going to drive...?  What a horrible, horrible guy/company.   This place is a dump.   Management is as bad as their service.  Trust me when I say, they are TERRIBLE.   I will let everybody I know and will make complaints everywhere I can to alert to the terrible behavior.
2	Sooooo I think I was expecting more but I really didn't dig the whole concrete floor with thin carpet feel and the tiny bathrooms. And also no room service. It was a bit chilly the night we were there and I had to brave the wind to run downstairs to order food for take out. Such a hassle. The heater was also very loud. The last disappointment was I thought the heated jacuzzi was a small lap pool so we ended up not going down to enjoy the heated jacuzzi at all. I do like that it's locally owned. Will come back to give this place another chance but I think during the summer when the pool scene is hopping!
3	Quick tip.  I liked the hotel but feel the $20 per night "service fee" is dishonest.  Whatever rate you book at folks, its actually $20 higher when you check out.  Why can't they just be straight about their rate like every other hotel?
1	This place was A dump transformed by a paint job and some trendy fixtures. Reminds me of a motel 6 with a better mattress. And literally it is a motel!!! The pictures posted on the website and yelp are professionally photoshopped to enhance the actual look and feel. Smells like 20 years of chain smoking in the lobby and elevator. No ice machine on every floor??? I have never been to a hotel... Motel 6 included... Where u had to ask for ice at the front desk!!! Are you kidding me!!!! This was a valentines weekend dud!! Room service charges 20% gratuity on top of a $7 delivery charge and only open until 10pm?? This is highway robbery on top of lunacy!!!! The bathroom consists of a toilet and bathtub... The kind of tub I have at my house... 4 star rating???? I expected some kind of luxurious feel for $200 a night!!! I can hear the neighbors bathroom fan vibrating the walls and every time they flush their toilet or turn on their sink i hear the rush of water through the pipes!! Maybe the owner of this hotel should spend some time at a real "4 star hotel" so he can see what it is supposed to be like. I should've booked the Hilton!!!I am thoroughly disappointed in my decision to stay at this hotel and do not recommend it to anyone!!!! I am going to post some REAL pictures of the conditions of this dump so you will be convinced that this place should be condemned!!! BUYER BEWARE!!!! Stay away from this motel!!!! BTW.... Poop stains in the toilet!!!!
3	First, let me get this out of the way. Gallo Blanco Cafe is a good place to eat. The restaurant gets very noisy at night and the wine list leaves something to be desired, but the Mexican food is prepared well. The staff at the front desk was also very helpful at all times. They could not have been nicer.Now on to the hotel. I stayed four nights and was charged $139 to $169 for the first three nights. On the fourth night, a Saturday, the rate inexplicably rose to $399 on the pretext of rooms being scarce in Phoenix because of an extraterrestrial convention. Now Clarendon, if you want repeat customers, don't gouge the customer on the pretext of aliens. On to my suite. How is it possible that a room can be so dark? The hotel is surrounded by big sky, yet the suite had only two very small windows: one that faced a parking lot; the second a walkway overlooking the pool, so the curtain had to drawn for privacy, plunging the room into even more darkness. The perfect abode for Dracula perhaps, but not for a New Yorker seeking western views. Finally, be warned that the hotel doesn't serve expresso. You get instead a mug of tasteless, watery airline coffee. Fortunately, there is refuge a few blocks away and the route to Starbucks became a morning ritual. Would I stay at the Clarendon again? Quire possibly, if I don't have to pay $400 for a view of a parking lot - and there are no extraterrestrials in the area.
4	So very nice. I really like the design and feel of The Clarendon. The room we had was large, spacious, and well decorated. Lots of amenities, including a nice Keurig machine in the room, and plenty of products available for purchase in case you needed something (mouthwash or Redbull, anyone?).The view of the pool is really nice, and it's always packed. I'd like to stop by sometime when it's warmer. The rooftop bar looks great, too. There wasn't anything going on when we stayed but I think we'll definitely be back.
5	Beautiful hotel with unique and inspiring decor.  Wonderful pool.  Super friendly staff.  Every detail done perfectly.  One of a kind experience.  Worth going back to AZ for!
5	This review is for the pool and roof top only. Roof too is open for non-guests (us included) and offers heaters, bench seating, and a lovely view of the pool and city. The pool is surrounded with cabanas and lounge beds and chairs. At night, the bottom of the pool is covered in color changing star lights. The jacuzzi is large. The only downside to the pool is that it's in the courtyard and the sun is only on the pool around noon.
4	Here for one night with my family before flying back home. Fresh, fun and inviting. Loved the pool and friendly staff. My daughter loved the free snacks and photo machine in the lobby. Gallo Blanco next door is amazing - went for dinner and breakfast!
3	Place has some cool vibes at the pool. Somewhat hip crowd. But the hotel itself is nothing special and way overpriced.
3	I truly wanted to be able to give a 5 star review for the hotel, but I just can't do it. I had been to The Clarendon on several occasions as I am a huge fan of Gallo Blanco, but this was my first time staying at the hotel. There were several of us that stayed at the hotel for my sister's bachelorette party, so we ended up booking four rooms total. I had called weeks in advance about getting a discounted room rate and one wasn't really available for a group our size. (I think they require 9+ rooms for a group rate which seemed pretty standard with all of the hotels I had checked in with). 3 of the rooms were ready upon our arrival around 1 PM. My parents came later in the day, around 4, and their room was not ready. They had to wait over an hour for the room to be available. We booked a cabana for our stay, and for the $200 it cost, It was absolutely not worth it. The seating area was decent size, but there are no lounge chairs around it and minimal sun. All of the lounge chairs on the opposite side of the pool were already taken, so there was really nowhere to lay out. In my opinion, there should for sure be dedicated lounge chairs if you are paying to reserve the cabana. Water, soda and ice were included with the cabana, but there was only one person working the entire pool area, so requesting these things was rather difficult. The poor guy that was working the pool area did his very best, but one person simply wasn't enough for all of the people out there and drinks averaged about 30 minutes to arrive. To me, this is totally unacceptable. The rooms themselves were okay. We had two beds in our room and these were rather small. I believe they were doubles instead of queens which resulted in my bf's feet hanging off the bed. The single rooms are kings, so just be prepared if you need two beds that they will be smaller. The room came stocked with a Keurig and Philosophy bath products as well as robes, so those were all pluses. The biggest issue was how warm it was. We were in a room with high sun exposure and the wall mounted air conditioning unit just wasn't cutting it. We were sweating all through the night and it made sleeping super uncomfortable. All in all, Clarendon certainly wouldn't be my first choice for a stay in the downtown area, but  it was decent. I just think the $200+ a night stay was wayyyyy too much for the quality of the room and service we received.
3	Cute hotel - very retro and the pool area was really cool. Don't pay for a cabana - so not worth it. The hotel staff were friendly. The one downside to the hotel is the location - it's in a really seedy area. Like, guys drinking out of paper bags at 9:00 a.m. while eyeing your purse seedy. I highly recommend renting a car so you don't have to walk around, especially at night.
2	This place is a dump...the "lobby" as you can see from the lack of photos is non existent and the hallways are bare and stink from the disinfectant that they spray all over the place.  This pool is populated with all the young tatoo'ed crowd, with backward baseball caps.  The bedroom is fine, nothing special, and the bathroom is super 8 special.  this place is so far from a 4 star that Priceline is not ever to be trusted again.  This place is one block from Pawn Shop capital of Phoenix, and other similar low class businesses...you won't want to take a walk at night around this place....the only good thing about this place was the great Mexican restaurant that is on the first floor...original Sonoran recipes that are great for breakfast or lunch.  We were in town for a wedding and thought we would stay near the Biltmore where the activities were centered.  While only a 10 minute drive it was an embarrassment to invite anyone over for a drink.  College kids on spring break love it, and families with loads of little kids they can put on the floor of their single bed room just loved it.  Their staff was pleasant and helpful, so don't take this condemnation as any reflection on them---but these rating travel sites must be getting paid off to overrate such a place.....$125 a night for this on Priceline was no deal.marty from Carlsbad, CA
5	We stayed here last year and I never got around to writing a review. Shame on me! This hotel is so cute and so fun.We arrived at the hotel, parked near the front in arriving quest parking and got checked in quickly. They have covered parking for guests. Such a nice feature. The hotel has a Melrose Place vibe, with all of the rooms facing the pool. This would definitely be fun when the hotel is full of fun people using the pool.Our room was a two room suite and it was so nice! The living room area had the cutest red couch and chair, coffee table, tv, fridge, Keurig coffee maker, and a little table with a basket of purchasable items like local treats and items you might need. The bed in the bedroom was so wonderful; soft linens and a super comfy bed. The sink is cool and modern and the bathroom was so pretty. We absolutely loved our room! I have included three pictures so you can check it out. :)We enjoyed happy hour in the bar at Gallo Blanco - great bloody marys - and sampled the pork and regular quesadillas. Yummy! When we were there you could rent bicycles to cruise around town. It was a little warm that day so we didn't do this but it would have been fun. I think they still offer this. We found out the hotel offers free soda, water and munchies. All you have to do is ask the front desk. It is included in your resort fee I believe. We took advantage of this a couple of times.After happy hour we decided to hit the spa and pool. The spa is huge and the tile work on the spa is simply gorgeous. It was so relaxing. They have cabanas you can rent or you can lounge on one of the padded loungers they have poolside. They had a guy on site giving foot massages and he came out to the spa and asked us to stop by for one. My feet are way too ticklish so we passed by that was a nice option.The pool is the coolest part of this hotel and deserves its own little paragraph. The pool is a salt water pool I believe. It feels really nice on the skin. They have music playing in the pool area while you swim, music I enjoyed greatly. The cool thing happened underwater. I'm swimming along and dive under. All of a sudden I hear angels singing, or at least that was what it sounded like to me. I popped my head above water and the music was nothing like I had just heard. Down under I go and I hear the voices again. Am I having a psychotic break, LOL? No, they actually have music playing under the water. It was SO COOL! They played new age tunes and beach themed songs from the 60's while I was swimming. I've never been at a hotel that featured this. Such a treat! Worth a visit just for that!Clarendon has a roof top patio that you can access to see our gorgeous city. Sadly it was being renovated while we were there so we missed out on that but it was to be opened a couple of weeks after our stay. We definitely need to go back for that and for all of the fun.This hotel is a nice treat right in the heart of Phoenix. It is a short distance from everything fun about Phoenix. It's not far from our awesome light rail which takes you to cool spots like downtown Phoenix and downtown Tempe. LOCAL TIP: Ride the light rail from start to finish. It is so much fun! An all day ride is only $4.00 and the Park & Ride is only 3.3 miles from the hotel. Park at the Park & Ride at 19th and Avenue and Montebello, just south of Bethany Home Road, and ride the light rail east to check out both of the downtown areas I mentioned. It is a nice trip with fun places to check out and if you go to Tempe you ride right over Tempe Town Lake. It is super pretty at night. My hubby and I do this all the time just for fun.Clarendon Hotel is a true gem in Phoenix. They really care about making your stay memorable and enjoyable.
2	I really, really, really wanted to give this a 5 Star review but I just couldn't find enough to warrant it.   I stayed here overnight on 4/26/14 for my birthday and overall was really disappointed by it all. I agree with what others have said..the price of the room is wayyyyy overpriced for no more than it is (And I stayed in a "suite").     This was my experience...Upon checking in, I was asked to wait because they though the room was unavailable, then about 10 minutes later, they came back and said it was?!  The staff working the front desk were friendly enough, however not having ever been there, they really weren't the most helpful. I'm assuming there isn't a bellhop, because I wasn't offered one, and had to guesstimate where exactly to park. (The parking lot resembles one from an Apartment complex with no signage). Upon entering the room, the place reeked like disinfectant and all of the carpeting was damp. I'm guessing they had just cleaned them, but a warning would have been nice. The refrigerator in the room, which the website stated was stocked full of unlimited snacks, sodas, etc. actually wasn't stocked and all and the refrigerator didn't work. They charge the guests $20.00 for a "resort fee", however anytime you want that soda or snack, you have to go down to the front desk to get it ??! I checked in about 5:30, went down and let them know about the broken refrigerator, and about THREE hours later, they brought another one. Seriously three hours???? By the time they finally brought it, I just didnt care anymore. I was woken up at 8:30 the next morning by some staff member pounding on the door who had very broken English, had a cart and 2 AA in his hand, muttering something about he was there to replace batteries in something or other. Then went knocking on the next door. Please invest in some Do Not Disturb Signs. Overall the room itself was eh. The bathroom was very, very tiny. I had booked for two people yet there were only enough towels for one. And again, the whole I have to go to the front desk every 20 mins, kind of got old. The pool area, although very pretty, was full of locals "just hanging out" and the rooftop bar was inaccessible due to a wedding reception. These "amenities" they mention and a guest pays for seriously are virtually non existent and cumbersome. Upon Check out, I had a Gift Certificate to put toward the balance, noone on the staff knew what to do with it, and was going to charge me for the full room amount. I had to remind them AGAIN of the gift certificate. The front desk stated they needed to get a hold of someone with "More authority" so they would have to email me a receipt....I'm still waiting for that. Seriously, do yourself a favor, if you are gonna be staying in downtown Phoenix, there are much nicer places to stay that are worth the price you are paying. The Renaissance, The Westin, The Westward Ho..Just do yourself a favor and skip this...this certainly was NOT worth more than about 80.00 a night..let alone 200.00 plus.
4	Loved the bar at the rooftop! I wish it had a bit more to offer in terms of cocktails (I went through 3 before getting one he had the makings for.) Lovely views! I really enjoyed the tribute to Don Bolles. I knew the story but didn't really remember where it happened. http://www.ire.org/about/history/Looking forward to my next visit there, especially the downstairs bar.
2	This place is just kind of sad.  It's a place that wants to be a hipster-cool-kid kind of hotel, but ... isn't.  It's not retro -- it's just old.  It's not chic, it's just tasteless.Parking=========One of the first things you'll notice about this hotel is that it's on a small lot.  So small that it doesn't actually have a place to pull up in front of the hotel and check in (like many traditional hotels do now).  I'm sure hipsters would call this 'charming'.  I call this 'thoughtless'.Lobby=========The lobby is spartan.  It shares an entryway/hallway with the very popular 'Gallo Blanco' restaurant.   On a busy night, you'll be toting your luggage in or out of the hotel past folks waiting to get into the restaurant.  Rooms=========Many rooms open directly outside.  Think 'dressed up' Motel-6.  This is not a 4 star hotel by any stretch of the imagination, and simply saying it over and over again (like their website does) doesn't make it so.  Walls are paper thin.  Music plays almost constantly from the pool area.  Our shower didn't work (at all) for us -- we had to call maintenance to come look at it. Our room had a badly pixelated screen cap from the movie 'Tombstone' as 'artwork'.   If you came for a romantic getaway, you picked the wrong motel.Spa=========Non existent.  This is false advertising on the part of the hotel -- they advertise as a spa, even though the website clearly states it will be 'opening in may'.  When they do finally open, don't get your hopes up, it looks like they will only be offering a few types of massage, tea, and spray tanning(!?)Room service=========Non existent.  Again, this is apparently a four star hotel.  They will (for a $20/day fee, of course) provide all the wifi, soda and 'snacks' (think 100-calorie packs) that you would care to ask for from the front desk.  Since I booked through Expedia, this was included in my hotel stay.  Stay classy, Clarendon.Summary=========Stay away.  There are many other (actual) 4 star hotels in the Phoenix area.
4	Not a bad place for young single people. Great night life close to downtown. Not too kid friendly though.Free wifi-slow but free.
4	The hotel is cute; a litte retro and comfy.  The restaurant is wonderful.  The hotel staff are great.  Helpful, friendly and accomodating.  When I am In Phoenix, this is the place I like to be.
5	I love The Clarendon Hotel! I stayed there several times previously before relocating to San Diego. Upon returning to Phoenix, I stayed a week while my home was having some work done. I was amazed at the number of upgrades in such a short period of time. The pool, the restaurant (and food), the rooms, the staff are all wonderful. I highly recommend The Clarendon and am looking forward to future "staycations" there. Very hip with a very cool vibe.
3	So my company booked a few rooms here over the weekend for the phoenix comic con in downtown.  The location worked out great for us.  There was plenty of parking and street parking for our RV, grocery stores and drug stores within walking distance (less than 0.25 miles), major banks and atms also within walking distance.  There are a few food places near by but the selection is limited.Overall the hotel was clean but the place is a bit older.  The bathrooms are a little small but the beds are decent.  There is a krueig coffee maker and a fridge in the rooms.  Also the hotel provided free bottled water, soda and snacks.  Staff is super friendly and nice.
1	There are several lovely resorts in Phoenix. This isn't one of them. But they pretend to be and try to get away with charging $25 PER person to use their pool?! What!! That's the most ridiculous thing ever. Go to the hilton at squaw peak only 20 each and they actually are a resort with lazy river, pool service, water slide, etc. this place is just a pool with a very rude front desk.
5	This place is one of the coolest most hip boutique hotels I have ever stayed at. The decor: hotel, rooms, pool, and music all works.  This place just works.Happy hour in the bar with a Mexican beer and their guacamole is a must.Both the pool and the rooftop are just icing on this overnight cake.  Nice alternative to chain hotels and keeping it local.
1	Really disappointed with the staff and hotel. Had booked two rooms - one king and one with two doubles. When we arrived, I asked the front desk if we could have two rooms near each other. The clerk responded "I can't guarantee that."  Clearly, she never got the customer service training. When we went up to the rooms, they both had one king. Went back to the desk and was told by the same employee that I had told her I wanted two rooms with a king. I must have fallen asleep during that part of the original conversation since I have no memory of it - but, the employee is always right. Then she proceeds to tell me that if I want two beds, I will have to pay an extra $25. This strikes me as odd since the rooms were prepaid and she is telling me that she asked me when we arrived if one bed was okay. Well, tonight there will be an 11 year old stuck sleeping in between his parents ( did I mention they don't have rollaway beds). Looking forward to hitting the road tomorrow at 6:00 am.
1	I am a local and I feel it's ridiculous to pay $10 to get into a pool that you then have to get up get out and walk to another part of the hotel to get your drinks. If your charging a cover to get in then have a server around the pool!!!! And the lady that informed us of this at the front desk was extremely rude.
5	I had a terrific experience at this hotel. The staff was nice and friendly. They even let you have free snacks at the counter. The hotel has a nice cozy atmosphere. There is a rooftop that is spacious and great place to hang around. I never used the pool, but I can tell they put a lot of effort making the area look cool. The rooms are large and super comfy. They had music playing from the clock radio when I entered the room and it just made me so happy. Everything about the place worked. Overall, I had a great time during my stay. The restaurant Gallo Blanco is also superb and I wrote a review for that place as well.
3	When we first walked into our room it smelled like old motel,  so I was put off by it.  Once we turned on the AC it was better but it still smelled every time we walked in. On our 2nd night, when we came home we realized our door was not locking and could be opened from the outside without a key card. We called the front desk, they couldn't fix it til the next day so they nicely offered us a suite for the rest of our stay (2 more nights).  We accepted the upgrade. The suite didn't smell. It was bigger, but still had a tiny bathroom.  The hotel charges a daily $20 resort fee, which sucks because we didn't use any of those services but we made sure we got all the "free" snacks we could. They offer chips, crackers,  bars, candy, and water bottles.  The hotel is near stores and it's a convenient location. Overall,  not bad but next time I'll stay elsewhere.
5	Coolest hotel ever. Free snacks at the front desk, music underwater in the hot tub and pool, fountains shooting water, a light filter on the pool, a sparkly bottom, and a rooftop lounge. Simply amazing :-)
5	This place is amazing!!! I travel to Phoenix often and I make sure Im staying at the Clarendon. Melly and Ben are super amazing.
5	It's a trendy boutique hotel with the kind of customer service that you should have!  I can only imagine how much more fabulous this place will be after their remodel is complete. I would like to commend the staff especially Denny, Cecilia and Philip.  All three helped to make my stay pleasant and welcoming. Their kindness and generosity made all the difference.  It speaks volumes about a business by the people they employ and these are the tops in their profession.  The hotel itself is modern, the rooms are clean with paraben-free toiletries provided.  The cellular darkening custom blinds are something reminiscent of Vegas as is the pool complete with rentable cabanas.  Huge parking lot and centrally located in Phoenix.
5	Spent a hot Phoenix day at a poolside cabana with some local bartending friends... what a fantastic 'staycation' escape!  Clarendon's undergoing a little facelift, and it's fun to watch my favorite neighborhood boutique hotel evolve into a spot that *sparkles* and only gets MORE hip with each passing year!  Kudos to Ben & Staff for a fantastic local experience!!
5	Wonder experience staying here. We were treated great by the entire staff during our week long stay. They went out of their way to see that all of our needs were met completely and promptly. Restaurant was fabulous as was the pool and rooftop deck. No complaints here. Will definitely stay here again.
5	Such a great place! The staff is so courteous. The rooms were kept very clean and smelt great. Loved the older hotel redone to be great again. The pool is salt water and very cool to hang out at. The roof top deck offers amazing views. The restaurant is some of the best salsa in all of Arizona!Great that this is a gay friendly hotel as well!Will be coming back here for sure!
5	I have stayed here twice, both for business.  On the first trip they didn't have the room I'd reserved and upgraded me to a suite.  On the second trip, I had a regular room.  Both were nicely appointed and comfortable.  In both rooms I had a lounge-tastic bed, a comfy chair, an extremely usable desk, and easy access to outlets.  In the suite I also had a swank couch.  The bathrooms are on the small side but well-lit and not claustrophobic.  I had no trouble with the wifi.  Staff were all friendly and helpful.  I was there during a heat wave, and was offered a bottle of water pretty much every time I passed the front desk.  There is music playing in the courtyard, but I wasn't bothered by it at all inside and it's reasonably well-chosen.  The hotel restaurant is decent.  Be aware: there is a parking fee and hotel taxes.  I believe they also rent bicycles, which is something I have wanted at many hotels and never seen before.
3	This place was awesome I give 3 stars cause the towels they put in your room are not very impressive compared to the rest of the hotel and we had to switch out the blanket on our bed it was covered in stains other than that it was awesome
4	I haven't stayed here however I have visited a few times for rooftop yoga. The first visit was in the morning. After yoga we went to the pool and were able to order some food. (Tacos were delicious) and they also served drinks at the pool. There were plenty of kids. I would definitely consider it kid friendly early in the day (noon-ish) The second visit was in the evening. The elevator was not working that day so we had to take the stairs to the roof. (The reason for the deduction of a star). It appears as though the construction is rolling along and I'm seeing great changes. Can't wait to see the finished project!
5	Summer visit. First stay at the Clarendon. Three nights. Staff-5 stars. Resturant & bar-5 stars. Bed-5 stars. Pool/hot tub-5 stars. View from rooftop-5 stars. Sleepability? 5-stars because I never heard neighbors.  Yes bathrooms are on smaller side. Couldn't get AC to crank ON so asked front desk to have it checked out. Went to eat in hotel resturant...came back to room...nice cool room and AC working well. Our hotel "litmus test" is..."would you stay here again?". YES we would and yes we will. I have stayed in many a five star hotel. No this is not the Waldorf Astoria and neither are the room prices. Centrally located. We had to attend a function at Convention Center and also squeeze in a job interview at a local hospital. Easy access to all parts of greater Phoenix Metro. See ya next time you adorable boutique Clarendon Hotel!
4	So My husband and I were driving cross country from New York City to San Diego,CA and we decided to stop at Phoenix for a whole day to relax and catch some good sleep. The staff were wonderful. We stood by the pool pretty much all afternoon and ordered food and it was super cheap and affordable. The margaritas were great. The room was big and spacious. Very clean. I just hated the shower. They had a tiny glass with no shower curtain and you basically froze in the bathroom while showering and the water went everywhere. But the bed was very comfortable. We used their free bikes that they let us use until sun down. The whoe atmosphere of the hotel was very young and vibrant. If I come back to Phoenix I would def. stay again !
3	Nice hotel that wants to be a swanky hotel but just falls a bit short.   Rooms were very comfortable, with nice linens, soft mattresses and cold AC in the summer.  The pool looked very inviting, but was terribly crowded with families having fun (not bad if you're one of those families).  Everything was clean.  I would stay again, but I don't know if I'd give it the four-star rating that Expedia assigned.  Rooms were kinda small for the price, and there were just too many little details that drew my eye (bad paint jobs, mis-matched materials, etc).  It was almost like they were trying TOO hard...
5	Super nifty boutique hotel!  The shower had multiple spigots!  I use some just to wash my boobies!  There was a nice smelling candle that looked like a glass of water!  Friendly staff!  Shwank pool!Ok, so the towels were a bit rough and overwashed, but otherwise, this place was delightful.
2	Nice hotel and delicious restaurant (Gallo blanco)! However, the service at the pool is terrible! Waiting 40 mins for a drink and another 20 minutes to close tab is pretty ridiculous, specially when cover on weekends it more expensive than cover at some pool parties in Vegas. The pool is really nice, but I wish service was better and  cover cheaper.
5	I would originally rate my experience 2 stars, but because of Aaron & Kyle it turned into 5. I had a sour taste in my mouth due to an experience I had had recently with a bachelorette party staying here, and the hotel completely messing up our reservations. Upon arrival it turned out that our reservation was lost. So I had to call the third party booking agent and discuss (all while expressing to Kyle my previous frustrations) once all figured out Kyle and Aaron went above and beyond to make the best of the situation. I am thankful for the incredible customer service, free snacks and wine, and the food next door at Gallo Blanco is incredible! (Although the service is somewhat slow- but that's another note) as for the hotel, so much fun, great decor, comfortable bed, close to everything and central! Great front desk staff.
4	Great staff and great complimentary drinks and snack at the front desk. Nice little boutique property in the downtown area close to several local haunts. Stayed just one night with my wife but will definitely return for future "escape the kids" events. This place is only going to get better with further investment in the rooms and common areas. You can tell that the place isn't a truly finished product, but it's well on it's way to being a very nice property. Kudos to ownership and staff for working towards a fun and trendy property. Looking forward to our next stay.
4	I stayed here for 1 night atmosphere is great especially on fridays and saturday nights, the bar is crackin and so is the pool and roof top the staff is friendly and the hotel is clean and modern looking. I would recommend this place to couples or single people not much for families just cuz its got that bar patio vibe to smoke and drink.
2	we stayed here on 19 sep 2014, the lobby was unimpressive, the  elevator was small, the building was old 50's style with an upgraded  facade.  the bedroom and living room that we had was nice and large, nice tv's and refrigerator.  the bathroom was small and the shower head was cheap, the shower never got hot.  there is no way that this is a resort, but they charged a resort fee under the pretext that they provided parking, snacks, water, sodas and a 5 to 6 pm wine tasting with management.  we probably got the resort fee back as we ate a lot of snacks and drank a lot of soda and wine. the bed was great and comfortable. this is a 70 to 100 dollar hotel.  The toilet paper was single ply maybe 3 inches wide, would be expected to find in a truck stop instead of in a resort hotel. Lucky that you got 2 stars, if it had not been for the bed, it would have been less.
5	I stayed here on saturday night since we were going to a show in downtown phoenix and found a great deal on hotels.com and groupon.  We had the junior suite with the double beds and a pull out sofa.  The room was so nice I wish i could have remembered to take pictures to show everyone how quaint it was.  The beds were not that comfortable according to my boyfriend but I didn't have a problem with them.  What I loved most about the room was that you could separate yourself from who ever if need be that is watching TV or hanging out in the first room with the pull out couch.  What REALLY got my attention about the whole stay was the Great Customer Service from the front desk and the fact that there is NO weight restriction when it comes to dogs!!  Now its not exactly my favorite thing to do is to travel with my dog but it has to be done since we do not have a babysitter for him or a place that we feel safe dropping him off at.  Obviously since he is a pitbull mix everyone's eyes go big when I had to take him out to go across the street and relieve himself which is a personal problem since I cant stand ignorant people judging my dog like hes an evil crazy dog when hes exactly the opposite.  Anytime we want to do a stay-cation we will be coming here from now on just need to find a way to get a babysitter for the dog and it would be even more fun then it already was.   The hotel fees come with awesome complimentary items such as soda, ice, candy bars and other snacks.  Now these are not normal things I do not normally eat or drink its just nice to have that option as complimentary.  This is not a crazy gorgeous place to stay like staying at a suite at talking stick or four seasons but its cute quaint and worth the amount we paid for.
4	Due to a fire at our house & an insurance claim that took forever, we lived at the Clarendon for 3 weeks. We love the vibe of the place & the staff are super hospitable. We live nearby & go swimming all the time in the summer & eat at The Gallo regularly. It's truely an institution. The urinals in the men's restrooms are hilarious.
4	Stayed here for the Labor Day weekend and it was a very nice place. My friend and I found the place easily but parking was sort of a hassle since there seemed to be not enough. The outer design is very hip and modern and when you walk into the lobby, the same goes. There's beach cruisers to rent to ride around and there was a coupon for the Uber service which was nice. Need a snack? They have a variety of yummy complimentary treats and water for the guests. The room I had was very spacious and the bed was super comfortable. However the bathrobes weren't as plush and comfortable as I thought they would be.The pool. There's a reason they are voted one of the best pools. There was a hot tub and there was a ton of lounge chairs and these cocoon type things to sit in and relax in the shade. There was also these cabana areas that I'm assuming you can reserve that comes with curtains. Need a towel? Just go to the front desk and get a giant orange beach towel.Overall, my experience at The Clarendon was great. I would for sure go back there for a stay-cation by the pool and to enjoy the night life that's around the downtown area.
5	Love this little hotel. Would love to see an expansion. Restaurant, pool, roof top and interior design are amazing!
3	The Clarendon Hotel & Spa is fairly comfortable place with a nice vibe; cool atmosphere; and I like that Gallo Blanco is attached - fresh Mexican food always - but I felt dooped by this place. Overpriced for a hosh-posh style but it's managed more like a motel: one second bottles of water from the front desk are free then they're not and I was told I'll be charged $20/day in addition to the rate I committed to online for wifi, water and snacks. Oh, and by the way, the water isn't free anymore. Welcome to The Clarendon, Chump. Um, where's the spa?
5	This place is fantastic. It was probably built, or remodeled in the 70s, has a nice pool and hot tub. They said that they usually charge $25 to use it, but only charged me $10. They play great music and have beautiful, progressive art painting about. The west wall of the pool is reflective and has water running down it. Plus, there's a rooftop patio I haven't been to yet. They also have live jazz on Thursday nights for free. I will certainly be back here soon!
2	I can only give this place two stars because it seems to have some history in Phoenix (I'm not gay, but they are evidently extremely gay friendly. Maybe if I were gay the reception would have been better). The service attitude was one of indifference at every turn, with the sometimes exception of "what, do I owe you some favor?" Decor (nothing special) does not make up for cheap mattresses, a standout from when you stay at almost any other hotel ever. The first order is to make sure your customers sleep well, but these were exclamation marks of cost cutting as soon as you lay down. Nice pool area, the upstairs deck screamed of doing as little as possible to make it habitable. The entire place seemed like putting a coat of paint on a neglected run down outhouse so you can charge people for the dubious privilege of visiting. For the rates, find something much better and maybe come by and walk through if you can't find anything more interesting to see in Phoenix. (FYI you can easily find some better place to visit anywhere you are in Phoenix)
4	Stayed here on my last night in Phoenix before heading home and it was a very pleasant stay. Staff was nice in the lobby and very helpful with where everything was.The attached restaurant was alright since I only had a margarita and some of the orange cake that was on the menu. Staff seemed kinda bored though..Our room, spacious very well kept but sadly our window faced a very ugly air conditioning unit and a grimey wall. So that meant keeping that shut! Nice bathroom, and very well decorated.Pool is ace and we spent a good deal in it til about 9pm, a great way to cool off from the wretched heat!Parking was convenient and everything went smooth otherwise!
4	I thought this hotel was super cute and trendy. It happened to be about 95 degrees when I was visiting Phoenix last week so this was the perfect place to cool down with a swim for the day. I was shocked at the lack of day passes available for visitors at the resorts in the greater Phoenix metropolitan area so I was relieved to find out that this place offered day passes starting at $10. It's $25 on weekends. There's a free parking lot that is located right behind the hotel. The front desk staff were very friendly, which was nice since we weren't even hotel guests. Our day passes came with towels.The pool area is nice and cozy but very modern and relaxing with the music and water wall in the background. There is a large spa that had warm water and a pool that was really cold. There were also cabanas and these awesome shade chairs to lay in.Overall, we had a great time lounging here. It was super relaxing, clean, and enjoyable. This is definitely not recommended for families or small kids--it's for the twenty and Thirty something crowds.I would recommend this place if you are looking for a little getaway and want to relax for a few hours in the sun.
4	Fern at the check-in desk was awesome!! She was calm and listened well to the threatening patron before me, not to mention very personable and helpful for me. A consistent concern throughout our 2.5 day stay...a lot of cleaning and repair that could probably be done in different or off hours. Housecleaning at 4:30pm? That is prime time for getting ready to go to evening plans. Someone should consistently be food/drink servicing the pool area!I'm guessing this is just something for the establishment to iron out. Major pluses: free snacks and candy, amazing restaurant, beautiful pool and hot tub, fantastic roof top view, and happy hour in the lobby. Staff were always very nice, helpful and accommodating. I can't wait to go back!
5	The Clarendon hotel... My boyfriend and I stayed here for 3 days and 2 nights. Our stay was not only relaxing but fulfilled with nothing but the best service. Fern (the front desk receptionist), was amazing and her knowledge of the area and entertaining ways were very helpful.. Our room had a great layout and decor very artsy and homy feel. The beds were comfy and clean all white linen with 4 huge feathered pillows. The coffee was complimentary in the room, from the  Keurig (both easy and convenient). The restaurant served amazing margaritas at dinner which accompanied my  mouth watering tender ribeye steak burrito my mouth has ever devoured. I add the home made corn tortilla chips w four salsas to choose from were Devine. My pallet is salivating at the thought.  And service was friendly and attentive.  Breakfast was also impressive our overall experience was superb and all amenities greatly appreciated. Our visit was for an NFL game, and we don't have reason to travel to the area otherwise, but if we EVER come back to the area, this will certainly be our hotel of choice. Finally, the rooftop bar and view was another pleasing feature of the establishment. The mosaic tile in the pool/jacuzzi was beautiful, and water/mirror display was cool too. I'd recommend this place to anyone. Too bad we live so far away. We miss the place already.
2	I don't really get this place... how can they market it as a four star hotel when it is clearly a crappy old motel with a few trendy updates? Also, I booked on hotwire because it was listed as having free WIFI and parking but they actually charge a $20 daily fee for parking, WIFI, etc. My other complaint was that their delivery trucks came before 6am and were super loud even though were were on the 4th floor. It was so loud I couldn't sleep but also had a hard time carrying out work calls. Saving grace? A seriously delicious Mexican restaurant attached to the hotel. It was awesome to be able to enjoy a pitcher of margaritas and walk back to our room. The pool also looked cool but we were there in November...
4	I've stayed at quite a few hotels lately, and the Clarendon Hotel was a nice surprise. Yes, there is a $20 "resort fee," but you really get a lot for that price: free soda and snacks (at any hour, cans of pop and snack bags of chips, granola bars, fruit snacks, etc.), courtesy bikes (nifty pastel colored), the pool, hot tub (surprisingly large), covered parking, and a neat photo machine that sends you digital copies without logos or branding. The room was very clean! The room smelled a little like cleaning products, but the smell went away quickly. The air conditioning did a great job, but I would've preferred a louder fan for white noise. I had requested non-feather pillows in my reservation, and the front desk staff fulfilled that with a smile. Speaking of them, the front desk staff was incredibly pleasant, informative, and friendly. The shower in the room wasn't working correctly, and maintenance came up at 10pm (just five minutes after I called the front desk) and had it fixed in no time flat. They even brought replacement parts with them so they didn't have to make a separate trip. Overall, I'm very pleased with the location (safe, 12 minutes to PHX airport) and the quality of the room.
1	The Clarendon touts itself as "A four star boutique hotel in the heart of Phoenix, Arizona." I'm going to call BS on that statement right now because I'm not sure who exactly is giving this hotel 4 stars but from my experience this weekend it can't be anyone who has ever stayed there. My boyfriend and I wanted to spend some time by the pool this weekend since it was so nice out, and I suggested the Clarendon because I had enjoyed their pool before. We decided to make a weekend out of it so we booked a room. All of this spontaneity did not result in a good time. We arrived on Saturday at 3:20ish, and I was really excited to lay out for a bit. However, check in took forever. I'm not even sure why because it seemed like we simply went through their standard process of signing our lives away and placing a card on hold for "incidentals." It was well after 4 before we even got to the pool and then we had to wait at the front desk again for towels which was super annoying. I ended up just taking a towel that I found because I really didn't want to spend any more time in the lobby. When we finally got out to the pool, I began noticing that the hotel is definitely a run down establishment. All of the pool furniture is falling apart and stained (like really gross stains too), and the pool itself is missing tiles and has dirty plaster. But whatever, I just wanted to hang out so I covered my chair in the towels that it took my boyfriend 15 minutes to get from the front desk, and I tried to go on my merry way. That was the point that I started noticing something else about The Clarendon; there are employees everywhere and they are watching you. For example, while my boyfriend and I were by the pool, I noticed some guy employee pointing at us to one of the front desk girls. She then came down to where we were sitting so I made my boyfriend go back up to the room with me right away. It was weird and I really didn't like it. Later that night we also saw this random security guard on the roof harassing this older lady. She was hanging out up there with some drinks, and it didn't really make sense. We also had to wait another 20 minutes at the front desk to get ice. We were told "the owner doesn't believe in ice machines." Hmmm so let's inconvenience our guests and make them wait even longer to get a basic hotel amenity. It is now 9:21am on Sunday morning and I am typing this review on my phone while I listen to housekeeping bang around the hallways right outside of our room. To say that I'm a little frustrated is an understatement. I will certainly not be back to this hotel, and I also have no idea who would give this place four stars. Obviously, not very many Yelpers since they barely have an average rating on Yelp.
3	This hotel is advertised as a four star hotel, but it is more like a three star hotel. The lobby is quite nice and grand, but the rooms are not up to par. Our room was very small and immediately opposite the elevators not ideal. Somehow, we were also given a handicapped room and the shower was not separate from the rest of the bathroom, which lead to flooding. We were only there for one night because we'd found a good deal, but wouldn't recommend it for any longer. Check in late at night was easy, which was a plus and check out was a non-issue.
1	Completely and utterly disappointing. 4 star hotel? No way. I travel and love boutique style hotels. Online this place looked amazing. The reviews sounded good and I even called to make sure they had an exercise/fitness room. (That's important to me.) Driving up, I got a little concerned. It's in an older area of Phoenix. That's okay. I actually love older feeling neighborhoods, so I looked past it and went inside. A man at the desk didn't look up, but a nice girl helped me and was very outgoing. She told me that they were undergoing construction on the pool, but no one mentioned this when I called the day before? Got up to my room and it had a funny smell. The decor was cute, but obviously a very old hotel with decor to make it look better than it really is. The smell, some sort of oil warmer gave me an instant headache. I decided to get dressed and head to the gym. I've been traveling and working all day, so just wanted a workout and some food.The fitness center shouldn't even be called that. There's a treadmill that doesn't work and it smelled so bad in there. Looks like is hasn't been cleaned in months. I ended up finding an LA Fitness instead.I could go on and on, but this place is terrible. I checked out. The walkways to the rooms are dark and really kind of creepy. I could also hear the men in the room next to me as I was packing up to go. Thin walls, crappy gym, rude front desk (except for the sweet girl who tried to help me) and a room smell that made me physically nauseous. Don't stay here. Pay to stay at any of the hundred nearby hotels. How does this place get 4-5 stars? They must be rating the hotel for the restaurant. That's the ONLY good part.
3	Overall my experience at Clarendron was mediocre. I definitely would not rate this as a 4 star hotel. I think based on amenities, quality of room and little perks this is around a 2.5 to 3 star hotel. There is no spa (misleading name), no valet, bare bones room service, and the room is no where near 4 star plush. The room smells and feels old. The modern touches feel out of place. The "fitness center" is horrible. One treadmill, scant free weights... Other four star hotels have almost full functioning gyms- this was very disappointing. Also location is a little sketchy. More details:Location: this hotel is in an older part of town. When first driving up- you may be apprehensive. Also parking for the hotel is weird. There is no valet, and the parking lot is off to the side of the hotel. Lobby: well decorated, although you can see where some of the details have slipped. Shares entrance with the Mexican restaurant  Gallo blanco. Can be busy at times. They offer sodas, chips, candy for free. 4$ Fiji water bottles available in the room. Ice must be obtained at the front desk- no ice machines.Rooms: some rooms are outdoor facing. Mine was indoor and had a slight mildew smell. The rooms are very spacious and the bed is pretty comfortable. The furniture looks old and beat up- and not in an aesthetic pottery barn type manner. The bathroom is small with zero counter space, however there is medicine cabinet behind the mirror that offers storage. Bath products are Philosophy which was a nice touch. The tub in my room was not cleaned properly. Will stay somewhere else next timeI'm in Phoenix.
4	Wonderful, very good location, extremely comfortable, as few have ever had the opportunity of staying. It really is an excellent standard hotel does not disappoint regarding expectations.
4	We had a The Clarendon Hotel  in AZ  and decided to spend the night. We found the Hotel online and the price was competitive with others in the area. I was a little concerned that there were no recent reviews, but the reviews were positive. When we arrived the person at the fron desk was very friendly and helpful. That was the highpoint of the stay.
5	This is one of many photos we have of this hotel. We travel many times a year and have family here in this area. I wish we would have found this hotel years ago. The customer service is hands down the best we have every had at even 5 star hotels.   I could go on and on about all the staff here will do to make your stay perfect. When we first checked in the room was great but we wanted something that would give my husband and I a bit of privacy from our son they were more than happy to help us find a new room, they even showed it to us before making the change. Every time we meet a staff member they smile, say hello and ask if we can do anything for us. Next time we come out here this is where we will be. I really just can't say enough. Oh and the price is great and they allow dogs, we don't have one but we see them all over the place. It's also non smoking if that's something you are sensitive too.
5	My friend and I spent months trying to find the perfect hotel to stay in for another friends surprise birthday getaway, and I'm so glad this is the one we chose! When we checked into the hotel (with their immaculate lobby!), they upgraded our room to a suite for her birthday, the room was very clean and amazing! They had complimentary wine hour, so we grabbed some wine and headed to the roof top patio where there was a beautiful sunset, comfy hang out spots, and a live band. They had 24 hour complimentary snacks, water, and soda. The pool was also amazing even though we never got a chance to swim while we were there. The staff was very helpful, professional, and nice. If we ever decide to go to Phoenix again for a getaway, this is definitely where we'll be staying! :)
3	I was so excited to spend NYE in Phoenix with my sister this year. She convinced me to stay at the Clarendon Hotel - advertised as a 4 star boutique hotel - they were even having a Gatsby style New Years Eve party! Woooo fun! I'll start with the positive stuff, because that's the kind of girl I am:1. It's pet friendly. Granted, I didn't bring my dogs, but still. I could have, and that's awesome.2. The Photo Booth thing, it's so freakin fun!3. Pretty awesome NYE party (cold, but that's not their fault... more on that later)4. Friendly staff.5. Large rooms, which are nicely appointed.6. Hip looking decor with groovy music streaming in the gathering areas.7. Gallo Blanco is the restaurant that is attached. It has a nice bar with lots of different tequilas. Mmmm... tequila..... And now for the things that could use improvement:1. Housekeeping. The first night there, we noticed we were missing a few nice-to-have things that housekeeping would normally replenish when they clean. My travel companions noticed some kind of slime (lube, perhaps?) on some surfaces in their room.2. Shower faucets. Omfg, the shower faucets couldn't be any cheaper! I couldn't get hot water the first night, and the guy who came to "fix" it said that the hot is cold and the cold is hot. Uh... ok, fine. But the next night, I couldn't adjust the temp at all. My sister in her room down the way had the same problems with the shower faucet. It seemed like the maintenance guys were a bit annoyed with the faucets too. Hey Ben: time to upgrade those faucet handles. Seriously.3. Heat. Ok ok, I *know* it's Phoenix, but it gets damn cold there in the winter, especially at night! We had to close the bathroom door so that the room would warm up. This made for freezing cheeks when sitting on the toilet! Brrrr!And as far as the New Year's Eve party - there were REALLY limited places to hang out outdoors where there was a heat lamp. I wished they would have planned this a little better - we couldn't enjoy the entertainment as much because we had to keep running back indoors to warm up.So that's that. The NYE party was pretty fun. They had fire dancers/breathers as entertainment, and they handed out champagne and a sparkler to everyone just before midnight. There was great people watching (the outfits people had were fantastic!) and great music too! A-OK! I'd visit again.
