4	I love Arran Aromatics products they are just so yummy! I used to work in Princes Square in Glasgow and sometimes Arran Aromatics would give little mini toiletry gifts to the other stores to let them see what they were missing out on. From the first moment I tried a trial bottle of the coconut scented Laurel body lotion I was hooked and have never looked back. Since then they've discontinued Laurel, much to my disappointment, but luckily I stocked up when it was still on offer. My favourite range now has to be their After The Rain collection which is very fresh and clean smelling. Stocking body lotions, perfumes, candles, and a range for gents including shaving kits and aftershaves. This branch in Edinburgh is beautiful organised, and beautiful presentation is definitely their things. All the packaging is beautiful, the displays are lovely and you can even get your purchases gift wrapped or put in Arran Aromatics boxes with ribbons if they're for a gift. The result will look beautiful and save you from having to wrap it yourself!The staff are very friendly in this branch and are very knowledgeable about the collections and if you're looking for something in particular they're always happy to help and easy to approach. Thumbs up Arran Aromatics, you rock. I just wish you'd bring back Laurel!
4	I first heard of Arran Aromatics on the Isle of Arran, where my friend's mother lives, and where I spent Christmas this year. There were three things that my friend said her island produced: Arran cheese (oh my lord, they make good cheese), Arran Aromatics, and Arran honey mustard (also very very much to die for). I've never been much into scented candles and face scrubs and special soaps, but there's s vulnerable part of me that likes just standing in the middle of the smells. Arran Aromatics is a posher, better version of Lush and it's less abrasive on the nostrils. Also, there's always something comforting about a business that starts in someone's own house and becomes something that can keep itself above water on George Street. Kudos to Arran Aromatics.
4	Like Lush but hate the overpowering smells wafting and the sometimes aggressive staff? Head to Arran Aromatics for a refreshing fragrance change of pace. Good range of scents and products available, plus I think they offer massages if you're worn out from tripping around Edinburgh. If not, grab one of their fabulously scented massage bars and self-administer! Great souvenir to bring back since it's a local product. Located down a set of stairs from the main street so look carefully if you are trying to find it.
