2	Wow, I can not believe I walked out of here paying $500 for my cat to feel better.  I know I could have spent less, but we had just moved to the area and I didn't know where I could get a vet quickly.  So I went.  They were slow and slow to examine.  I knew the only thing wrong with him was a UTI, but they wanted to sell me on everything in the book.  Finally, they tested him and kept him for the rest of the day for monitoring.  Give me a break.  I only spent this much and put up with all of it because they were guilt tripping me into it.  Then, for an entire year, I get numerous phone calls from them asking me to make a follow up appointment.  I had even asked them to stop calling.  Ugh.I will never let another vet guilt trip me like that again.  I can't afford $500 and had to put it on credit.  I never do that.Yes, the cat got better, but I wish they had listened to me and just tested really quick and given me the meds for him.
1	Presented me with an expensive and invasive treatment plan.  Did not work well with my dog.  I contacted the company to express my concerns.  Awaiting their response.
5	Our dog snagged his nail on our carpet last night (Saturday) & it was bleeding pretty bad. Of course all vets were closed so we did our best to stop the bleeding at home and began to search for somewhere open Sunday. Thus we ended up here! Love that they are open 7 days a week! They got us in on short notice and only charged us a vet visit to fix up the nail. $55 but hey, its Sunday! Happy to pay it to know my pup isnt in pain. The vet was really nice too.They did show us the "buy our wellness plan" video, but weren't pushy on the sales end beyond that. In fact for how many times we go to the vet (as first time pet owners we may be a little more paranoid) it almost seems like a good deal!Would recommend for weekend needs and for individuals who would consider buying the wellness plan.
1	Brought a perfectly healthy pet in for a comprehensive exam and dental cleaning. We brought her home nearly 12 hours after our drop off and she has not been well ever since. The vet was not terribly kind, brusque really in her follow up care. I was told there "wasn't really a place for her (our dog), but the doctor will make time" when we asked to bring her in to be seen after a long night of throwing up and retching/coughing. Her post-procedure vomiting and dehydration were addressed well enough the day following, but no real recovery to the same health despite our continued efforts at home. Later in the week, with vomiting and inability to keep food down a problem, asked to come back in. Only this time, I requested fees to be waived as these issues were caused by her dental treatment earlier in the week. I was told by an otherwise very kind front office rep. that she would call me back. Nothing. No call back. No concern for my pet who was made ill through their care. Had they at least called back with an estimate of costs that would have been nice. Is it so bad to ask for costs to be waived or reduced for care that is needed to correct problems that the same vet created? Instead I called our pet's former vet (who had left Banfield last year--should tell you something) and she received excellent supportive care with instructions and supplies to continue her care at home. Our dog is still not well, but at least we have the tools to help her and the confidence that our new vet actually cares about her well-being. When we picked up our pet the day of her teeth cleaning she looked awful--bile and drool on her face and paws, what appeared to be excrement on her tail end, and watery, weeping eyes. We were told that she had gotten sick after her wakeup from anesthesia, however the state she was in was inexcusable. This office needs to pay more focused attention to their clients instead of treating them like they are on an assembly line. We will no longer be visiting this facility and discourage anyone from bringing their furry loved ones here.
5	We love this place and have been with Banfield for 13 years in locations in AZ and CA.  We use the Wellness Plan which saves us a lot of money, covers regular check ups and additional care when needed.  I love the staff here!   Banfields at Germann is the best vet facility we've been to so far.  We had to put our beloved Bruno down and felt very supported by the whole staff.  The receptionist even stayed late just to give her condolences.  Our new puppy is also now with Banfield on Germann loves to go to the vet and we've received some helpful input about puppyhood.
5	At my dogs annual check up I mentioned that he'd been throwing up on a regular basis. We recently had our backyard done with new plants and there was one in particular I noticed he was eating. The doctors looked up that plan and let me know that it was toxic. After a very thorough 2 1/2 visit they identified the issue and they had a plan on how to get him healthy again. They're extremely thorough every time we visit and always make effort to call and check up on my pet afterwards. I highly recommend the vet's and staff and really appreciate the way they go above and beyond!
