1	In the end they had bait and switch scam with Groupon. No good at all. My wife set it all up and I was happy through the experience until she told me what was really in the deal which was $50 towards contacts. Then they said I had to buy a years worth of contacts to get the $50 credit.  Nowhere was this mentioned in the fine print or anywhere in the deal. They won't last long trying to deceive and be dishonest with their customers.
2	If you have your eyecare done by Siems Eye Center (very good!), be smart and just get your glasses prescription and take that somewhere else to get the glasses.  iDocUSA will tell you your glasses will be ready in "x" number of days and they'll call you.  #1 - they are NOT ready; #2 - they do not return calls from you; #3 - they have more excuses than carter has liver pills (old saying).  We will NOT get our glasses from this business again.
1	A couple months ago, I purchased a LivingSocial deal (that appeared to be the exact same as this Groupon deal) for an eye exam and $50 credit towards contacts or $150 towards. I had the eye exam, but then the company refused to give me $50) towards contacts UNLESS I PURCHASED A YEARS WORTH OF CONTACTS.....which isnt stated ANYWHERE on the Groupon, including the fine print, which I carefully read!!!!!!!!!!I called idoc, and spoke with two people, including a man named Ernest, who told me that the company couldnt make money if they gave me $50 bucks towards the amount of contacts I wanted to buy. Essentially, he told me I had to buy a years supply of contacts if I wanted the credit, according to him and the polite young lady I spoke to prior to him, who had told me the exact same info Earnest had. I will give them that: they were both polite.But hey, polite or not, I still expected and deserved my $50 contact credit, so I pressed on: I told Earnest that IDoc set up their own LivingSocial deal, and exactly what they had relayed to LivingSocial when they set up the deal with LivingSocial reps wasnt my concern. Nor was it my concern how much money they would/wouldnt make from the deal. Simply stated, I told Ernest I was trying to redeem my coupon exactly as it stated on the deal; otherwise the deal was FRAUDULENT!".....um.....hem,haw"......etc, was his response. Then Earnest asked me what I did for a living.....What?! You heard right, he asked if I was a writer for a sports magazine. I asked him what bearing this had upon me redeeming my LivingSocial deal."Oh nothing," he said " I was just trying to remember clearly who you were."  Okey-doke.....So I redirected Earnest back to the issue at hand, and asked how this issue could be resolved.Ernest told me there was nothing he could do; that the doctor would call me to discuss the situation........I never got a call back.Companies need to set up the specifics of their deals clearly and honestly; otherwise deals like this will get a bad name and lose the trust of consumers. Thank God for Livingsocial customer service, though, because they were kind and helpful, giving me a refund for the Idoc fraudulent deal; Livingsocial stood behind their deal.......even when iDoc themselves didnt! My hat's off to LivingSocial.I just hope that anyone buying a deal similar to the one I purchased with any other company (Groupon, Yipit,Amazon, etc) will stand behind their deals with idoc, and refund customers if/when necessary........ because it looks to me like iDoc is putting the same deal I purchased on different sites.Good luck friends and savvy consumers.
5	I used a groupon and got a great deal on exam. They just moved to their new office. Everyone was great. I didn't have to wait the Dr. was very thorough. The staff was helpful and friendly. I am glad I did not read the other reviews before I went because I had a great experience. I wasn't surprised about having to buy a years worth of contacts to get the 50.00 off.  To me that was a given. I will recommend them to everyone.
