5	Got my wife a bike here. Good service, quality setup, they know their stuff. (it was cheaper than other bike shops too, I mean for a good road bike)
5	Great service, they know their stuff. Awesome prices. Ask for one of the Rays. He loves his wife!
5	This is the best bike shop in the west valley quite possibly the entire valley! Ray is the man. Personable and fair, no elitist who's or attitudes. I went in for service on dare I say a wal mart bike, and got no attitude just honest help and spectacular service. They also have a huge selection of bicycles and gear. I was not disappointed and you won't be either. Definitely my long term local bike shop!
5	This place is awesome!! I brought my two bikes in to get tuned up and when I picked them up they were like new. The people working there were great, it was just a great experience. Highly recommended.
4	Just got my bike all tuned up and ready for 5 more years of riding. Great service from the folks at AzCyclery. Good balance of high end and hobbiest needs.
5	These folks are awesome. I have purchased 2 mountain bikes here and have had servicing on my road bikes too. These guys take their time and make sure to meet the needs of the customer. One thing that surprised me is the lack of upsale. What I mean by this is when my wife and I were looking for Mtn bikes last year, we looked at several stores to include trek. Everyone was trying to sell us something we didn't need. ester at AZ cyclery provided us exactly what we were looking for and gave us the right price. I love this place and will 100% go back!
4	I brought my bike in with a pretty bent up back rim and, as I learned, a couple of broken spokes. The staff was very courteous, fixed everything and the cost was great. My only complaint, really, was the time. I get they were kind of busy, but I would've expected it not to have taken 6 hours. Still. I'll be back.
4	This store seriously needs to expand to a bigger space.  Floor to ceiling bikes (3 high), merch hanging from every conceivable part of every wall.  If they stuffed any more items in there, you wouldn't be able to get customers in.  As it is, good luck standing next to someone, you'll have to go single file through the whole place.  With that said, good selection of bikes and gear, prices aren't out of line, and the people are friendly and helpful.
