5	I've been going to HSM for about 6 weeks and absolutely love it. Unlike some barre or pilates studios, HSM is a friendly, welcoming atmosphere for all. The studio is owned by Liz and Clary, a mother-daughter duo, who also teach some of the classes. Lee teaches the others -- all three women somehow remember everyone's names and play really good music while cracking jokes in between squats and bicep curls. The one complaint is that there aren't very many class times for us working folk (only two 6am classes), but rumor has it that they're adding a few more morning classes into the mix.Anyway, the classes start with 20 minutes of arms (with many squats and lunges mixed in), followed by 10 minutes of thighs, 20 minutes of glutes, and 10 minutes of abs. No two classes are identical (as far as I can tell) which prevents the workouts from being boring or repetitive. Yes, it's pricey, but I really think these workouts are worth it AND there is a long period to use them (I think they expire a year after purchase? I could be wrong). Moral of the story: try something new and head to HSM for a killer workout.
5	New instructor Meg is also amazing!! This place keeps getting better and better!
4	I love this place and I am both a beginner and "larger" woman (if by larger you meant not a size 4, which appears to be the average size of the rest of the clientele). It is a kick butt workout in an extremely nice atmosphere. Equipment, mats, towels, etc are provided. All of the teachers have been very welcoming. Most of them introduce themselves to students they don't know and then make a real effort to remember people's names from one class to the next. I started going once a week a few months ago and have recently tried to up the frequency to 2x or 3x week because I noticed changes in my strength and body with the once weekly classes. I hate to work out, so if I can reshape myself in less than 3 hours/week, I'm all in. And i haven't made a single change to my diet, so any changes are from working out. You choose your own weight levels and although they encourage you to push yourself, no one calls you out when you try a modification or drop the weights. And they practice what they preach, I often see teachers taking class. I tried Purre Barre and hated it. The classes were always exactly the same, super crowded, class was at a breakneck pace, and when I did try to modify, the instructor rushed over to tell me I needed to step it up a notch. Uh, no thanks. And I have taken The Bar Method in other cities. I like HSM better.My only complaint is that I don't particularly like the workout playlists and the beginner classes are not at all beginner level. But I always get a great workout!
5	Hilliard Studio Method (HSM) is by far the best full body workout that I've ever tried. Additionally, the classes are incredibly dynamic in that they're intense but they're also always evolving and changing which keeps it from ever getting boring. Attending HSM regularly for 5 months has changed the tone of my body immensely and helped me recover from a running injury.  I practiced ballet for 14 years and HSM is also one of the few barre classes that I've been to around charlotte that actually gets into properly aligned ballet positions - and the teachers will help you get into position if you're having trouble; tons of focus on form and alignment (not just going through the motions). It's amazing. I'm moving to the west coast in a few weeks and I genuinely think HSM will be what I miss most about charlotte. Definitely a must if you enjoy barre/pilates (or a thorough but amazing workout in general).
