5	I just had a beautiful trip down memory lane. Delicious peppery curried goat, rice and peas, stewed cabbage and early 90's dancehall Reggae on the sound system. This spot has been know by many names in the past and it looks like it goes by Impressionz now. But trust me, the food is authentic. Not fancy, but the true Jamaican experience. I haven't tried anything else on the menu, but I'll be back.
3	Not very vegetarian friendly, but friendly nonetheless. We tried the only veggie entree we saw on the menu and it was pretty good - with lots of yummy beans and fresh vegetables including some delicious variety of squash and corn on the cob. We thought it looked overly expensive on the menu ($14 entree in a sorta hole in the wall type of place), but the portion size ended up being big enough to feed a family of four. It came with rice and peas, sauteed cabbage and plantains. I was a little afraid of the sauce because I could not identify its contents, but I have picky dietary quirks. I would have liked some sort of scotch bonnet hot sauce to add to the dish, but they only had Red Hot - Wing style version, which is gross. I think meat eaters might love this place if they knew it existed. I have lived around the corner for years and only recently discovered it - it's hidden! They carry a good selection of sodas, made with real sugar, such as Ting. The couple who now own the place are extremely nice and their daughter is a wonderful dancer. Meeting them and their children was seriously heartwarming. FYI: Cash only. BYOB.
5	First off - this place is definitely NOT closed, we just went there yesterday.  Second, it's cash only.  Third, you should definitely hit up an ATM and go because it's delicious and run by very inviting and friendly people who seem to take great pride in their work!  We had the Ox Tail and Chicken Stir Fry.  The Ox Tail was extremely good, I'd never had it before and although the idea kinda tweaked with me a little I gave it a try and successfully ignored the weirdness factor until it was well established in my brain that I loved this dish! ;)  My wife got the chicken stir fry and loved it (I tried a small bite or two and confirm it was very good.)  We also got a special home-made Jamaican drink which I can't pronounce (but it was good) and a slice of rum cake to-go (my **favorite** of all the cakes!)  All in all we both filled up on a great meal and took home enough for a good sized lunch!  We'll absolutely be back!
5	If you've been missing Jamaican food, prepared perfectly, this is the place. Cecilia is a lovely person, you will feel welcome in her place.The curry goat was as good as it gets. If you love goat, you'll love this curry. If you don't love goat, skip it.The stewed oxtail is another less familiar preparation, but one well worth a try. Unctuous, flavorful, delicious!
4	Returned on June 19 with friends from Arizona, and they were thrilled by Impressionz. This time I tried the curried chicken, which I loved. And the side of cabbage was delicious. As we left the owner came over. Not only did she remember us from last time but she even remembered what dishes we ordered! Love this place.
5	I went here with a few friends including one from Jamaica.  She's been looking for a place where she could get some authentic food, and we found it. The food was great.  We ordered jerk chicken, oxtail, curry chicken, and curry goat.  Everything was delicious.Cecilia was my favorite part.  She is such a warm genuine person.  It was refreshing, and I can't wait to go back again.
5	This place has AMAZING food, and all of the employees are simply delightful. Don't be fooled by the fact that it looks like a hole-in-the-wall from the outside. Cecelia, the owner, was super attentive and had our names memorized after we said them once. I had the jerk chicken (small) which was huge and delicious. It comes with cabbage, rice and beans, and two big slices of plantain. My vegan friend had the rice and beans with the jerk sauce. They also have a vegetable medley that we didn't try this time, and are more than happy to serve any kind of veggie you like in a curry or with jerk sauce. There's plenty more for a vegan or vegetarian to eat than you would think from reading the menu.You should definitely try this place out!
4	This is just a couple doors down from AlphaLab Gear and I've passed by many times without thinking much about it. But one day, I said "Let's try that random Jamaican place," and I'm happy I did. We met the entire family and they chatted us up for a while as we were deciding what to get. Really such lovely people!We got the jerk chicken and it was a HUGE order with a side of cabbage and plantains. It was nice n spicy hooohaaa, my mouth is watering just thinking about it. Definitely give this place a chance if you're looking for something a little different in the Pittsburgh neighborhood! Also I love the name of the place... ~Impressionz~
4	The large Curry Chicken plate is great! The rice and beans soak up the curry juices and taste wonderful. And the cabbage and carrots are a nice light delight. I'll be back soon!
