5	I made an appointment with Kay for today based on the recommendation of my best friend who has had Kay (and Arizona's Pet Stylist) groom her dog. After years of listening to my husband complain endlessly about my cat's hair being all over the place, I decided to throw down some money to get him bathed and shaved. It wasn't cheap ($85), but to have peace in my house and less hair to clog my vacuum, it was WELL WORTH IT! Plus, i didn't have to take my cat anywhere (he gets sick in cars) as this is a mobile groomer who comes to your house.Kay was on time for the appointment and got to work promptly (and without fear of the hissing, violence-promising cat). Less than a hour later, I had a ridiculously adorable cat delivered back to my front door. While my cat appears to be less than enthused about his groovy Lion Cut, I think he'll be loving it once summer hits. I know I'm thrilled!I would highly recommend Kay and her service if you don't have the time to take your pet (dog or cat) to the groomer. She does a fantastic job, is super professional, and your pet doesn't have to wait in a kennel for their turn so no unnecessary trauma!
5	I wanted to find a mobile groomer because my Shih tzu Marley had been having issues with groomings since he got attacked by a pitbull.  The pitbull attacked his head so he would be difficult to groom around his head.  I found a great mobile groomer out in San Diego that he did well with but most of the groomers here kept trying to convince me my dog was bad.  It was hard for me to believe because he is such a sweet dog.  I felt like if he just got a little more love and patience then it would be fine.I searched around online for different mobile groomers.  I was impressed with how informative their website was and after having a conversation with Kay the owner regarding my concerns, I felt it was worth a shot.  Ashley was the one that ended up grooming Marley.  She was pretty quick, about 30 mins.  I was shocked cause his groomings always take forever.  I was shocked to see how happy Marley was after his grooming.  He even followed me back into the trailer when I was paying Ashley.  I have never seen Marley so happy and comfortable with any groomer.  Surprise surprise...Ashley said Marley was no problems whatsoever.  This leads me to believe that I was right.  If a groomer was just more patience and caring with Marley, he would be just his usual self, which is super sweet and loving.  For all you dog owners who may have a similar issue with their groomers, don't believe them.  It's really on the groomer.I highly recommend Arizona Pet Stylist to any dog owner.  Both Ashley and Kay are a pleasure to work with.  And most importantly Marley had never had such a great experience!
5	I had my long haired cat groomed by AZ Pet Stylist, and it was wonderful!  She was on time, professional, and very caring. My cat is older and I was afraid he would freak out.  She let me come in the mobile unit and help hold him and pet him while she gave him a Lion cut.  Tuff seemed to like it, and I would definitely use them again!
5	I made an appointment with Arizona Pet Stylist for my 6 year old Labrador/Newfoundland mix. We had just gotten him from a rescue and did not know how he would react to being groomed. He's a bit aggressive with other dogs, so the mobile aspect was a bonus.  Kim R. did a fantastic job with my dog even though he was very difficult since he was afraid of basically everything. I would highly recommend AZ Pet Stylist and Kim R.
5	This is, hands down, THE BEST grooming service I have ever used. I have had pets for nearly 60 yrs, and over that time have used many groomers, in various states. AZ Pet Stylist rocks. They are mobile, and came to my house. Wonderful that my grumpy cat didn't have to be in a shop with dogs barking. The stylist, Kim, was friendly, knowledgeable and polite. I will be using this company for all my kitties. Not only am I referring all my friends who have pets, I even share them with non pet owners. You will not be disappointed!
5	This is as good as it gets! I have never taken Curly ( a Bichon poodle) to any other groomer so I can't compare but she is my first puppy and I didn't know what I was doing. Her fur was a mess as she'd been in the pet store far too long. Marley made her so comfortable that she now loves when the trailer pulls up. She's had the spa treatment every month for the last year and I think it is well worth the money. She comes back smelling lovely and adorable style. Always a cute bow or bandana on to complete her look. I see Marley treat my puppy like it was her own dog.. she gives her so much love and attention! I highly recommend this company to all my friends!
5	I've been using AZ Pet Stylist for the last 2 years for my beagles.  Love the convenient service and the grooming quality and attention to detail is great.  Both Kay and Ashley are wonderful with Sophie.  I've recommended them to friends many times.
5	These guys are great!  Taking 3 dogs to a traditional groomer is stressful for both me and the dogs.  Mobile service is the way to go!  And there is no sacrifice on quality either.  Our dogs look and smell great after every service.  Top marks from this family.
5	We have been with Kay and her wonderful team for 1-2 years and absolutely love them!  Our black lab Chino has a few health concerns and the groomers are always very sweet and gentle to her. Buggy is our American Eskimo and it took us years to find a groomer that was able to clean and trim her crazy hair, but Kay and her team make her look so cute!  They do a great job with both of our dogs, always on time and work with our schedules - you will not be disappointed!
5	I've been a dog owner my entire life and I've never used a mobile groomer. WOW! Is all I can say. My two yorkies are happy, smell good and look great!!  Kim was just awesome! I signed up for automatic appointments because I thought the experience was so good. I'll never EVER take my furkids to a traditional groomer again. They are always nervous and can't wait to leave, but this is not the case with AZ Pet Stylist! They got natural treats and were so darn happy to be home already right when they were done. And I really like the fact they use natural products, that is very important to my household. Thanks so much!!
5	They were awesome! Showed up early, friendly, quick, and did a great job. HIGHLY RECOMMEND!!!
5	I love that they can shave my cat down and bathe and groom my dog in a short time and I do not have to leave the house or mess up my vehicles!  My mother also uses these guys and her dog has never been so soft and fluffy:)
5	I've been using AZ Pet Stylist for almost a year for my poodle mixes, Ruvo and Harry, after having a negative experience at a large chain groomer. The Owner and staff are so friendly, and always do a great job with our boys.  Won't use anyone else!
5	Wonderful groomer!Kay is very customer service oriented and you can tell she loves her job! We had a couple of her other groomers the last time and they did an awesome job. Nice to have such great work and customer service these days!
5	I have a total of 5 pups, some more challenging than others.  I usually groom the pups myself but had slacked off because of my schedule and I wasn't up for the wrestling match.  A friend of mine treated me to the grooming session with Kay and Allie.  Although I was initially apprehensive about the stress level of the pups since I've been their groomer for so long, I have to say that it was an exceptional experience all the way around.  I handed them off and waited to see who would win the wrestling match.  Coming back into the house, I sat on the sofa and looked at the brochure Kay had given me before the hand-off.  Among the list of included treatments was a blueberry facial.  I couldn't help but laugh.   I was pretty sure this wasn't going to be an average experience.  I was right.  There's nothing average about Kay and her crew.  Not only did the pups come back looking perfect and smelling wonderful, but if they could talk I was pretty sure they'd thank me for the spa day.  Rocco, who is Mr. Picky when it comes to treats, devoured the cookie the girls gave me, only after asking permission if it was ok.  Rocco and Oddie were happy. . . and the fact that Rocco looked forward to his cookie after grooming was 100% proof positive that these are professionals with a compassionate touch that animals recognize and trust. I've got to find out what those cookies are. . .My grooming days are over.  Thank you Kay and Allie.
5	They are wonderful. My black lab is 12yrs old and has cancer with lumps on him. They took their time, shampoo, cut and brush with nail grinding. He looked great! Bonus... I didn't have to transport him to and from a groomers. I will absolutely use them again. I have 2 other dogs and I'm going to start using them for my others as well. It's a little bit more expensive but when you consider your time, transporting them and gas it's well worth the extra cost! Thanks again
5	What a great experience from beginning to end.  When making our appointment the person on the phone was terrific.  She took her time and answered my many, many questions.  We have a 12 week old Havanese and were nervous about finding a groomer.  I had heard horror stories of people taking their dog to other groomer's place of business and their pet being in a crate for hours waiting to be groomed and pets being hurt.  Heather from AZ Pet Stylist showed up to our front door right on time and was extremely kind to our puppy.  She also answered my many questions. We got personalized service with no wait time for hardly more than the stand alone stores where you have to leave your pet.  Our puppy came back into the house so happy and looking just adorable.  Outstanding service and we will definitely be using and recommending this company!!
5	I love love love this company! We are MN residents and come to AZ to escape the winters. The day we get here I am on the phone with AZ Pet Stylists to get on their schedule for our schnauzer mix that arrives with a full MN winter coat. They are so professional and extremely calming with our dog. The cut is always perfect and he comes back to us so happy! I highly recommend using their service.
5	First time users of Arizona's Pet Stylist and we are very happy we found them. We used them because of their good Yelp reviews and we wanted to add 1 more positive review. Izzy (Dog) was timid at first but Deon (Groomer) and her assistant Mitch took their time to warm Izzy up to them and get her relaxed to make it a pleasant experience for Izzy. We will be using them again and it was a great experience for our dog that doesn't really like groomers! Thank You!
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE! I have used many mobile pet grooming companies but this one is, by far, the BEST! My dog (Mocha) is a golden/chow mix and they did the best lion cut/groom on her. She loved them! They were on time and each groomer was very nice and professional. You can tell they love what they do! Don't waste your time shopping around since this company is the best!
5	I just got my Sophie groomed for the first time with this company and I'm very pleased! My poor girl was so dirty and matted and she needed help! Michelle ( I believe, I made sure to ask her name and then promptly forgot,) was so friendly and Sophie was very comfortable with her. There was no saving Sophie's matted fur so I have a sweet smelling naked dog now! She looks great and smells good and came back happy and acting like a puppy : )I love that it only took about an hour and that I could answer the door in my pajamas and take a nap while she was groomed. Way, WAY more convenient than taking her to a  pet salon and then driving back home and waiting 4-6 hours for a call and then driving again. This is much better!Very reasonable /competitive prices.They arrived in the time window they said they would and completed the grooming within the time they said they would.I am very happy with this company and will use them again, for sure!8/1/14 Still happy! Sophie has been groomed 2 more times and one of our cats and I look forward to our next appointment.
5	We LOVE our groomers Arizona's Per Stylist!   The dogs get groomed in a special trailer right in our driveway- a million times easier than trying to get two dogs and a toddler to/from a groomer.  We are very loyal to our regular stylist Jaymie but when she was out sick they were able to send a backup and kept our appointment- so now we also love Sue! We have a mini golden doodle who likes to swim in the pool so we keep her fur pretty short and our other dog is a long haired chihuahua-Pomeranian mix so we keep his fur short too in the summer. The dogs get bows or bandanas, a special "paw-gress" report that notes any special conditions and cleanliness of their teeth, and then a homemade cookie treat at the end of the grooming.  Highly recommend!  They also give discounts for Facebook posts of your dogs and referral credits so if you like them once you get started you can refer your friends. There is also a multiple-dog discount so it's a better deal if you have a couple pets being groomed at once.
5	Oh my goodness! I  had to see it to believe it! ! My four month old puppy looked like a ragamuffin and now looks ready for the red carpet!  Angela was right on time and my fur baby went right to her..no fears at all. Angela did a beautiful job on her and I will use them again and again!   Thank you Angela!
5	LOVED LOVED my experiance! My poor Schnauzer was such a mess! I have been looking to find a groomer since I moved to gilbert/seville and couldnt find one I liked. So thankful I listended to my fellow yelpers. It cost about an extra $25 than the normal groomers but so worth not leaving my poor old dog in a kennel for 5 hours like other groomers. The groomer did such a great job on the cut I signed up for auto-rescheudling!
5	I just wanted to thank everybody at Arizona pet stylist that came together and helped my 15 year old Jack Russell Zeke look like a million bucks. He's getting old but he felt pretty young yesterday. There was some miscommunication and your company fixed it all in one day I appreciate it. I highly recommend this company I've only had my dogs hair cut twice but loved it both times.
4	I use this company to groom my cat. (Chaz)  they do a fantastic job, and are very professional and courteous when calling to make an appointment.
