5	Besides the copious amount of alcohol I consumed during my recent Las Vegas trip, The Fudgery also contributed greatly to my weight gain. Upon walking in you are immediately surrounded by the delicious aroma of chocolate, chocolate, chocolate. I told the lady I had died and gone to heaven. She immediately blessed me with several samples of the varieties of fudge: cookies and cream, chocolate chocolate, chocolate with nuts ... all were amazing. She told me that the fudge does not melt until the temperature reaches 110 degrees. I was not sure I believed her but decided that before the temperature rose that day, I would have consumed all the fudge anyway. It is pricey. Each slice is 1/2 pound and it is 7.99 for 1/2 a pound. I purchased one. Then my daughter conveniently wandered in and so I bought another. Then the lady told me that I got one free. Like I needed it but I wanted it. So we walked out with three. One disappeared before we arrived at our hotel. The others traveled with us and as the weather became sunnier and warmer, I was concerned about my candies. I felt the package and they were as firm (shush...) as they were when I bought them. The lady had also told us that this was the only fudge that did not hurt her stomach. As I have experienced the aches and pains of too much chocolate, I was intrigued. Considering how much fudge I ate, she was indeed correct. I loved this place but am happy there is not one around here only because it would be my demise.
5	I actually have never been here before but after eating their fudge that someone bought for me, it feels like I know this place all too well.  Basically, I'm rating them for their fudge.  It's the best kind I've tasted so far.  It's so rich that health nuts would freak out just looking at it -- I love it!I look forward to visit this place one day to try other things they sell, if any, which I'm sure would be also good.
5	My Dearest Fudgery, You had me at hello. Your drool-worthy, chocolate perfume greeted me at the door, and I was ready to shed my clothes and drop my money on your counter. Why do you flirt with me so, and make me watch the fudge being folded over and over and over again before me. I thought only women were capable of multiple o's? You heat me up when my lips whisper your name . . . Fudgery . . . ah yes, yes Fudgery . . . don't make me say it again. I am at your beck and call. I love to steal away with you and fill my mouth with your creamy goodness; you are my afternoon delight. My chest heaves and my breath quickness when I see you. You make me weak in the knees and I have to cross my legs when you are not there to satisfy me. I should hate you for giving free samples to any that ask, alas, I cannot hate you. You complete me . . . dammit. I love to hate you. Ever thine, ever mine, ever ours . . . your Immortal Beloved.
4	Strategically situated across from the Food Court, we sometimes walk past this place as we make our way to the other side of the shopping center. Usually we don't pay it any attention. But recently we got a chunk of fudge here- chocolate peanut butter. It's weighed individually. The pieces are huge! I think our block was around $7.00. I'm not a chocoholic like my husband, but I still rather enjoyed it- creamy and rich. (FYI, I love the chocolate and peanut butter combination. It's my favorite.) The looks on people passing us while walking and eating bites of the scrumptious fudge, was pretty funny; y'know that they wanted some fudge, too! It was a nice indulgence- you gotta treat yourself sometimes, right?The store itself seems small from its appearance on the outside. But once inside you will see that there is seating on both sides of the store. There is such a large variety of different kinds of fudge. They are generously cut and individually weighed. Also serves other sweets and drinks. Even towards the end of the night, the cashier was pleasant and friendly.
5	The Fudgery is an evil seductress, who some times opens its door to let the aroma of happiness (chocolate) whiff through the food court of the outlets to lure you in. This is a chain with interesting franchise pictures of an old man who looks like Santa Claus holding the fudge in pun-tastic posters.You should definitely come here and just buy/pick 1 chunk, ~$8 kind of pricey, but enough to pick at eat for 1-2/weeks/days... depending on your mood :P A delicious terrible indulgence just like the rest of Las Vegas. The fudge is a little too much, so just try not to eat it all at once or you'll get sick as with any hunk of sugar.What I love most about this store, is this one blonde girl who works there who really believes in the fudge they make. When I first visited this place many years ago we just wanted ice cream but she "forced us to try the fudge", even giving us the ice cream for free if we bought 2 pieces of fudge. She changed us forever and I love her confidence and love for the store! I wonder if she's the owner/related? If not, that's impressive how fun and happy she is. I usually get the Rocky Road fudge. She always gives you a delightful speech about how much she believes in the fudge and she's always laughing and managing the other employees well when I walk in. I just wish I loved and believed in my job as much as her :P
4	What a pleasant surprise to find this this little sweetary nestled inside of the food court at North Premium Outlets!The establishment is very clean and the staff are almost bizarrely happy. They provide you with a free sample of their fudge, which is out-of-this-fricken-world delicious. Upon purchasing 3 slices (1/2 lb each) you receive two free if you've purchased a coupon book from the visitor center or 1 slice free regularly. The staff sing renditions of classic tunes altered to work fudgey things into them. So fun!My husband got a chocolate covered banana shake - it actually tasted like a chocolate covered banana. My mouth is watering while thinking about it. I got the raspberry smoothie and was super amped because it wasn't tart like I expected, but it was the perfect amount of sweet, tasted fresh and I want another one right this very minute. I'm recommending a stop here to everyone shopping the outlets. We'll definitely be back.
4	Delectable. Rich. Delicious. Whenever I go shopping on vacation and see a sweet shop selling fudge, I feel compelled to buy a few slices! The Fudgery has various varieties of fudge, including some sugar-free varieties. The fudge is sold by the slice, and each slice is about 1/2 lb. At $15.98/lb., it's a little pricey, but a slice is quite sizable and can last for a lot of servings.They currently have some specials, where you get a slice of vanilla fudge for free if you buy 2 slices, or you get to pick your own slice for free if you buy 3 slices. Some varieties include dark chocolate, chocolate peanut butter, pecan praline, chocolate caramel, peanut butter, and milk chocolate. They will give you free samples which is very helpful since each slice is so big, you don't want to get a flavor you can't snack on for a long time! I tried a variety of flavors, and preferred the dark chocolate flavor the most, followed by the chocolate caramel. I tried a sugar-free chocolate walnut fudge, which tasted good, but didn't have the same richness and depth of flavor as the sugary versions.Service was friendly and cheerful. They are very good at trying to get you to buy more slices with their special deals though. I came in wanting just 2 slices and ended up taking home 4!
