4	The food was great!  Mostly Asian customers which is a good sign.  Highly recommend the spring rolls.  The entrance was dirty and we were almost afraid to go upstairs but we're glad we did!
5	I've always considered restaurant Foo Lam comparable to Chinatown, it's a bit out of the way, but at least you don't have to compete for parking. They have a pretty eclectic menu - as it has Thai and Vietnamese items on the menu. Not to cause any confusion, they have different chefs in the kitchen that specialize in the different cuisines. With live seafood tanks in the dining room as well as a bunch of tis showing different news stations in various Asian languages, the atmosphere is a bit unique. Restaurant Maison Foo Lam shares the same entrance as Sharky's Pool Bar, so fret, just follow your nose.
3	Someone I know asked us to meet here for brunch, which I thought was weird because I usually think pancakes and eggs for brunch, not chicken feet and fried squid, but whatever. I love Chinese food so I didn't really care. The place is right next to Shish Taouk on L'Acadie (amazing place btw) and right next to Sharky's pool hall (not amazing at all). It looked like a run-down, decrepit banquet hall for Chinese welfare recipients, but when we got there, all the tables that were occupied had Chinese patrons. Not a white person in sight. We took that as a good sign and sat down. A trolley loaded with tons of little dim sum/eggplant/rice/etc/ baskets comes around every few minutes so you can just take whatever and stuff your fat face like a Roman emperor. They tick off everything you ate on a scoresheet in the middle of your table.By noon the place is in full beast mode - lineups of Chinese families and couples are forming at the entrance and the staff are zipping around like crazy to keep the masses eating.  Still no white people. The food was hit or miss - the dim sum was pretty good, the fried calamari was amazing, the spicy buns were awesome, the fried noodles tasted like crappy oily cardboard, and so on. It didn't matter though, because all the dishes are cheap and small, so if something sucks you just toss it aside and get something else. When you get close to finishing, the staff start getting antsy and really push you to finish up and leave. They were exchanging the tablecloth/cover and forks/knives on our table before we had a chance to get up and stretch, which was irritating as hell. Also, no one in there speaks English or French, so if you don't know what you're ordering they won't tell you what it is.Overall average. I think the usual spots in Chinatown are way better.
