5	All the meat, soup, and noodle dishes I had were pretty good. Definitely not the best I have had (considering I have been to Korean about 20 times), but by far the best in Arizona hands down (I have been to Cho Dang, Takamatsu, Hodori, Gogi, and Korean BBQ). This place just opened up a little over a week ago, so I am writing this review based on my three experiences there. The staff is friendly, the service is good, and the decor is... Well, let's just say that the food definitely makes up for the decor; keep in mind that it is a restaurant, not an art gallery.
5	You can't go wrong with anything there. Homemade recipes with one of the largest variety and portions of side dishes.
5	The food here is authentic. I ordered bulgogi for lunch and it was fresh and flavorfull.  I have only found food better in Korea.
4	It was my first time here, and the service is a bit slow when it's busy, but very nice people and friendly! There Korean short ribs are delicious! I would come here again, the only thing is .. They should have more sides because when I came in they ran out of mostly everything.
5	Excellent Korean food by Arizona standards. Side dishes are great and the staff is polite. The menu could use some work as people completely new to Korean food may not know what Yukgaejang is, but for those who are already familiar this is the best Korean food I've had in the valley (and I've been to all the major ones, Chodang, Hodori, Gogi etc). Highly recommended, don't miss this place! Got the Spicy Chicken Filets dinner plate, very tender and delicious with the side dishes.
5	Finally. Some good Korean Kalbi. Good portion and lean meat.  My wife had some spicy octopus. She said it was good. Price was reasonable. Hope they do well.
1	I adore Korean food, This was my least favorite. For a new restaurant it was dingy and used looking.  Very sparse. The menu was deposited on the table, no drinks were offered only a lukewarm water glass.  We ordered the combo, chose the spicy pork bulgogi, and the short ribs.  What a disappointment. We always patron Takamatsu's but decided to try this as it was new and the ratings were good.  If you are not Korean, the  portions are pathetic, for 21.99 we were given what I would expect as a meager lunch portion.  I noticed that others that ordered the same dishes were given much larger portions, and also given much more personal attention.  We stated that it was our first time, but it made no difference.  What a shame as when we love a restaurant we spread the word.  The same is true for when we do not like a restaurant  only we tell more people.
4	The restaurant is kinda hidden in the plaza on Dobson and Guadalupe. The place is small but clean. Service was good and we didn't have to wait to long for the food. We ordered some Gogi, spicy chicken, tofu soup and some Korean street tacos. Everything tasted delicious and the portions were generous. I highly recommend the Korean street tacos!
4	With a name like Ban Chan, you should expect nothing but freshness and high quality with the ban chan they offer. The name does live up to the hype, as they make their kimchi fresh, and all the other ban chan they offer is very flavorful and goes well with your meal.I've been here a few times, and the service can be spotty. It seems hit or miss based on my experiences. Our last outing here, they forgot about one of our dishes that we had specifically requested to bring out before the meal as an appetizer, and also did not put in one of our orders. The food though, is good. I've had the meat jun, spicy chicken, pork and kimchee pancake, and the mandoo. All have had great flavor, and have been prepared well.Also to note: If you order iced tea and ask for sugar packets, they'll give you a covered bowl of sugar since they don't have packets of real and imitation sugar.
1	If all you care about is taste, this place is good.But I can't get over my horrible experience last time. My boyfriend and I ordered one dish each. I got my dish kimchi stew about 15 mins later. And we kept waiting and waiting for his food to arrive - which was bulgogi btw. When I saw the huge group who arrive much later than us getting their food, I had already finished my food. I asked the waiter about it and he told me we didn't order the other dish! That really pissed me off. I distinctly remembered ordering his because my bf fumbled on saying bulgogi and I corrected it. That shameless man cannot get 2 orders right and tried to act like he did nothing wrong...AND made us wait another 20 mins before it came. Zero apologies and absolutely horrible attitude.
2	Last time I went, we were given poor banchan while the two tables next to us received much higher quality banchan (?) We got beans, potato and some cabbage, while they had kimchi, kimch radish, spinach, bean sprouts, etc. Why???? Also kept hearing the lady in the kitchen that she "found the meat" after overhearing the waiter tell the table next to us that they were out of spicy pork. How do you lose the food in your kitchen?! I had apparently ordered the last order for spicy pork, but I was extremely dry and overcooked.The prices are also a bit unreasonable. The nengmyn-kalbi combo comes with a good portion of noodles but literally 4 pieces of meat. Probably won't be returning here for a while.
1	i was excited to see that a new Korean restaurant opened up and decided to drive over for dinner. Both the food and the service were very disappointing.The service was beyond terrible. I walked in and had to seat myself because no one gave me any direction. I sat there for five minutes and no one came over, so I went to get a menu myself. I waited for 10 minutes and still no one came over to take my order. There were two tables right next to mine, and the female server brought items to their tables while I was sitting there trying to get her attention. After 15 minutes of just sitting, eventually the male server came over and took my order.For a place called "Ban Chan", their ban chan is not only very limited, but gross. There were a total of 4 side dishes, 3 of which were odd and inedible. The cooked turnip had a very fishy taste to it, then there were the mushy/flavorless collared greens, the picked vegetable and pickled turnip were just not good. All of the side dishes were lukewarm.I ordered Haemul Pajun (Seafood pancake); it was thick and full of undercooked green onion.The Kalbitang was very salty.It was a very disappointing meal.
5	I had Stone Bowl Bibim. I thought the bowl, the side dishes, the soup and service was excellent. I took and showed menu thinking I was letting know about. The immediate response was Ban Chan is very good. Usually people will say Az Korean not the best. This evidently was the exception. All I am sure of is that otvwas a highly rewarding dining experience fot me.
3	(Lyrics - Def Leppard - Love Bites)I really wanna try your cuisine Ban ChanCause eating food from your menu drives me crazyI know you think that Kim Chi is the way you make itSo I don't wanna be there when you decide to make itOh!Bo Bites, Ban ChanIt's bringin' me to my knees Bo Bites, Ban ChanIt's no surprise Bo Bites, Ban Chan It's what I need I rather enjoyed visiting this place.  It's definitely a family owned restaurant.  I totally dig the 80's pop music playing in the background of the restaurant!I attended with my buddy and his wife.  I went for the usual Tofu beef stew while my friend went for their special kalbi beef stew and seafood pancake.  I regret not getting their special cause my tofu beef stew was pretty bland in my opinion.  It came along with some vegetables mixed within however, it just didn't work for my taste buds.  The seafood pancake was okay at best since it was overly done with scallions; like way too many!  The star of the night for me had to be the Kalbi beef stew; man why didn't I get it!  I had one bite of my buddies to try it and right away I knew I made a mistake in my ordering.  With similar ingredients as my mines, but it had that salty sweet kalbi beef taste along with the stew.  The aroma itself was strong enough to make me saliva!In the end, Ban Chan is lovely homey spot.  I definitely would return to keep trying out their food and just to listen to some good 80's oldies! - Enjoy!
5	Refreshing to finally have good korean food in Arizona. It is clearly a family owned mom and pops business which is what keeps good home cooking alive. The service is typical of Asian restaurants and the good was great. We had the spicy chicken and neng myun. Both great. Definitely coming back.
