5	I've been going to this particular location for nearly three years now, and they've always been good in either helping me landscape, get equipment, and now that I have a house, helping me rebuild my lawn.My lawn is sorry.  A barren, dead wasteland that I have fought all year with.  No joke, you can pour water on the dirt, and the water will actually bounce off and leave the ground completely dry.  This isn't a "tall tale".  It's disturbing.  Not to mention it's rocky, full of clay, foxtails....  You can imagine my Spring and Summer.I get one of their "Dr. Q" letters in my mail, so I call the good doctor.  Turns out he's just a fictional character, so on a scale of 1 to 10, rate me one "Shattered Dreams".  However, the gentleman who DID come out spent over an hour going over my lawn.He told me what to do, how to cultivate the dirt, save my still living plants, what to do with my irrigation.  The man was thorough.  All of this for $60, plus a $10 gift card, PLUS a free water wand for my hose.I've already tried a small sample of dirt based off his advice, and I've actually seen a little greenery shoot through.  This doesn't mean that my yard is now full of forests and hummingbirds and unicorns and rainbows, but progress is progress, and at least I feel that I have a feasible chance in having a pleasant looking yard.I'll personally vouch for their lawn care specialists, their dirt and stepping stone quality, their plants, and their tools.  The staff is always nice and is there to help me instead of me having to track someone down, and is always polite, friendly, and knowledgeable.  Since no one has reviewed this location, I thought I'd give appropriate attention to an excellent staff and store.
5	Love this location and everybody is so friendly.  They always say hello and ask you if you need help, and the undocumented day laborers who stand outside always wave to us!
5	I stopped by the other day to buy some plants that I had a hard time finding at other "big name" nurseries. As soon as I walked in, I was greeted and asked if I needed any help. I was guided to the information desk where the lady guided me to the infamous plant and guided me through its care. BEST PART? Radioflyers as shopping carts!! It made me feel like a kid all over again. There's also some "help" hanging outside the nursery if you have tons of landscaping to do. Highly recommend this nursery!!
4	We wanted to spruce up the yard and decided to stop in and check out what Star Nursery had to offer.  We had gone to a free seminar last spring for rose bushes and small tree pruning, so this was a revisit to gear up for the spruce up.The staff is always friendly, eager to help, and know their stuff.  The store is modestly stocked with every type of fertilizer, seeding, landscaping equipment and even drainage and sprinkler systems.  The back is full of plants and trees of all kinds.  I have a very precious plumeria tree grafted and given to me as a gift, we keep in a pot and it's taken off and grown into a huge tree, we still protect it.  I asked the staff about it's care and it was a surprise to me that they even knew how best to care for it!Great plant nursery, friendly, knowledgeable staff, good variety, prices what you'd expect.
5	I have to agree with the other reviewers, I find this location to be very convenient, and the staff very helpful. They could use to upgrade their antiquated computer system, and leverage online ordering and communication.
5	So many useful tools/equipment and so much more, inside the store. Then you walk outside. I found everything I needed and some! With great assistance from people that work there and a very satisfying feeling when leaving.I've been there three times this week, scouting different green life. I'll be picking up two more African Sumac tomorrow. Great deals! Discounts on all sorts of trees, plants, and flowers :)
5	Yelp 100 Challenge * 51/100Came here with a friend on Saturday to get some soil for the backyard garden veggies and check out some other possible seeds for planting. Dwayne, our friendly star nursery staff, gleefully helped us find what we needed and walked us through the plants, giving us gardening and maintenance tips.The garden at the back is also quite a sight to see, especially now that the plants are in full bloom. Smelt heavenly too!
1	I just called from Calif.to buy an anniversary gift for family in Summerlin and was put on hold by the manager listening to lame elevator music for way too long.  This is not good customer service.  Hope they're better in person.  I'm taking business elsewhere
4	I normally avoid larger chain businesses...even when it come to my gardening needs.  But, it's hard to pass by Star Nursery.   For the record I'm not a gardening expert...without help I kill my plants like Death Row Records rhymes. Their prices at Star Nursery are better than most, but the real clincher for this location is the staff.  I have been in a half dozen times over the last couple years and every time the advice and customer service at this location has been spot on!  The only knock is that this location does not quite have the space to have as large of a selection as some of the larger stores, but for the price and customer service alone I'm sure I'll be back!
4	I like star nursery but was upset to see how they allow the illegals to flood the parking lot harassing you.  It is like this at Home Depot, Lowes, etc.... but I would expect more from Star Nusery.   I don't understand why any of the business allow it. It hurts legitimate businesses trying to make a living and these people are driving down labor cost and do a shitty job. Help keep Americans employed and use legitimate American businesses.
1	My husband and I bought a plum tree and rose bush this past weekend and spent over an hour picking them out. We paid for them and set them up for will call so our landscaper could come with me to pick up in his truck. We showed up the following Monday and first they couldn't find the paper work then they couldn't find the plants. One of the sales people told me to go find my plants with him since no one knew where they were. We found them outside in full sun dry as a bone. He then told me to go ahead and take them with no offer to help or water them before we left. The process took a half hour and the attitude was so what. They also never gave me my copy of the receipt back. Plant world may be slightly more costly but the service is 100% better and they treat customers with respect. My landscaper told me that he has had problems picking up plants before at star. They lost a customer.
