5	It's not often anymore that you find a reliable A/C professional who is on-time, honest, dependable, and patient with his customers.  Mike and his team quoted a job for me and went the extra mile to see that it was done right, and on budget.  They knew about my construction deadlines, and worked until 10PM on a Friday night in order to keep me on schedule.  I would highly recommend Affirmative Air for your air conditioning repair needs, or in my case, a quad-zone mini-split install.  A+ in my book.
5	I am very pleased to say Mike and his team at Affirmative Air did everything right! I called my home warranty folks and they called Mike. Within 30 minutes Mike called to say he could come to my home THAT DAY and would call me when he was 30 minutes away. Great service! I was able to run to the store for last minute Thanksgiving dinner items. Mike called when he was about 30 minutes away (awesome) which really helped me. When they arrived they spent the needed time to make all the diagnostic tests to find out what the problem was with my heater. After replacing my thermostat and transformer, my heater now works properly! I was so pleased that there were no surprises when it came time to pay. Nope, no surprises.  I will say Outstanding Customer Service, polite and I would highly recommend Mike and his team if you need service...really great service....Thank you guys!Ann D.Phoenix, AZ
5	My home warranty set up the service call for me and I got a call back within about an hour on a Saturday morning and they showed up about an hour later. So the response time was amazing. They had to order my part and came back out as soon as it was in. I didn't have to sit around waiting for a 6 hour time frame. They came right when they said they would and they are very friendly and you can tell they want to leave the customer happy with the work they did. I'll be using them for all my AC needs. Great job!
5	This business went over and above the call of duty to get our A/C up and running.Our home warranty contacted Affirmative Air after another business showed little knowledge and was unsuccessful at repairing our A/C, along with providing surly customer service.  The guys from Affirmative Air came in and worked tirelessly at repairing a complex problem.  They worked within our schedule and coordinated with an electrician in order to get the problem repaired correctly.  They worked with positive attitudes and were very professional.  If I could give more than five stars I would!A very happy customer in Cave Creek, AZ.
