4	The soups are excellent and the vegetables are fresh and delicious.  Actually the soups are better than excellent, you'll slurp too much of them.  Soupe Citronelle!  The only real knock is that it can get really loud in there on a busy night
3	Nice neighborhood Vietnamese restaurant on Duluth. They have a terrace for the warmer weather. The food is your pretty standard Vietnamese grill fare. The specialty is definitely the grilled meats, but the pho is actually a better bargain. Moderately priced and definitely makes for a good night out.
4	Tay Do is one of my favorite inexpensive bring your own wine restaurants in the Plateau. I've been going here for years. I'm giving it a ranking of 4 stars simply because it's inexpensive. It's perfect for those Tuesday nights when you just want to get out of the house and have a quick bite and a glass of wine, without breaking your weekend restaurant budget. I've given it a 4 star ranking, but please keep in mind that I'm comparing it to other restaurants in the same price range.They will also accommodate large groups. It can get a little loud in there at times. But all and all it's a safe bet for around $20.
5	I have absolutely nothing had to say about this place. A cheap, bring your own wine schezuan place where the food is TO DIE FOR! I love it!!! The portions are big and soooooo tasty!! I usually get the "combo A" which comes with a soup and chicken with vegetables on a bed of noodles and it costs about $15. Totally worth it!! Why even consider going anywhere else for schezuan??
4	Nice little restaurant with some nice Vietnamese soups and spring rolls. We often buy extra spring rolls to take home from here. The service on a Friday night was a bit spotty, being difficult to get the attention of wait person. The seats at the front have an advantage/disadvantage. People who are in a group who smoke will often go out and hang around the window while smoking. If you are smoker or a group that smokes, then it lets you continue to hang out while smoking when the window is open. But if you aren't a smoker, you do get wafts of smoke through the window from those who do this.Fair warning about the desserts, the carrot cake was stale and they drizzled chocolate over it to hide it. (They would do better to just not carry it, if it is going stale.)
5	Really a treat for the savy eater!  From the outside, it looks like a corner dive with a nice sign.  But when  you walk in, it's actually quite large and quite crowded.Unfortunately the staff doesn't communicate too well in English, but I was with french speaking Quebecois and they translated. So make sure you have your french speaker!I'll start with the soup Tonkinoise.  AMAZING.  It's like a little bowl of rare flank PHO. A thin broth packed with flavors.  The noodles were cooked perfectly and it just complimented the meats and chives.  Definitely a must try.I also had the egg roll...  releau?  something like that...   it was whatevers.  wasn't too crazy about it.The General Tao is one of their specialties, and I can tell you why...  It's a lightly battered chicken morsel fried and covered in a red tomato sauce. The sauce is sweet, but definitely tomatoe based. Like a sweet ketchup.  It's freakin amazing.  Coupled with rice: it's definitely worth the trip.I also had the pad thai: I was craving thai which is how we ended up here.  I however, did not get my thai fix.  The overall color of the pad thai was pinkish.  And it lacked that nutty cashew flavor found in more authentic thai versions.  But, this is a Vietnamese spot. So whatever.  The over all taste was pleasant, the noodle was nice and gummy with a sweet after taste.I tried their shrimp on a skewer.  Sweet.  a little stiff, lack the pop fresh grilled shrimp has. but it had extraordinary flavor.This is definitely a place I recommend to any foodie looking to eat something different in Montreal.  They have plenty of dishes to taste, and  you can bring your own bottle of wine!!There's a wine shop around the corner, with an extensive collection.  Enjoy!
2	Seriously?Cheap 'Vietnamese' food with a Plateau price tag. My friend ordered the Pad Thai, and then remembered she needed to ask about any nuts in the sauce due to an allergy and they just brought us out the jar of sauce, complete with price tag of $2.99.  Maybe lots of places do this, but it's pretty disappointing.  I had the lemongrass chicken, and it tasted just like any other miscellaneous asian stir fry with the same mix of peppers and carrots in a fairly good portion size.  I haven't had their soups, so maybe they are amazing, and the spring roll was ok, but everything else on their menu is basically veg mix + meat + (jar?) sauce. $15.95+tax gets you curry, rice or noodles and spring roll or soup.  This is definitely not Schezuan.Also, strangely enough: we had a reservation on a Saturday and were seated right away but the same 3 groups of people were waiting to be seated from the time we arrived and throughout our entire meal even though we were sitting there facing three empty tables? So, make a reservation, I suppose.
5	We happened upon Tay Do because other options either were closed or couldn't seat our group of 6 together. What a lucky break we caught. What a wonderful meal. Ordered Combo F, and the house soup that started me off set the tone for the meal. Simple look, excellently done, and very flavourful. I normally add soya sauce to all asian soups, but thankfully I tried this one as served. Delicious!The main dish came and I loved the simple but smart presentation. The spring roll was excellent, the sauce was great, the meats and shrimp were cooked perfectly, and side salad balanced out the dish really, really nicely. After 2 memorable dishes, I was compelled to have dessert - fried pineapple. At $3.95 for 2 pieces of battered and fried pineapple, it's expensive for what you get but a comparatively inexpensive dessert. Best part was, I enjoyed every bite. I wouldn't have been happy paying any more for it, but it was a winner in my book.3-for-3! Win, win, win. Simple, traditional meals cooked to perfection. No need to reinvent the wheel, just build it really well. That's what Tay Do did. And I tasted a friend's beef soup which was also really tasty. Yum, yum, yum, go! You'll love it, and I'll be back to love it again and again.
1	Wow! I went with my husband, we both are unfortunately allergic to onions. They not only gave us food with onions after we explicitly told them no onion or green onions on anything, they also got hostile with us saying we must pay for the dish we barely touched. Never going back and will let anyone know its terrible service and attitude there. Oh!!! Forgot to mention they threatened to call the cops on us, so we called for them because they were obviously bluffing and we knew we were in the right. Thanks for trying to make us pay for trying to hospitalizing us.
3	Overall the service was timely, the atmosphere a bit loud, and the food decent. They do a nice birthday celebration for anyone with a birthday coming up!
