1	The rooms are nice but my property was stolen from my room. 1 Wacom tablet and mouse1 button down shirt (yes a shirt!).  only noticed the shirt missing then when I returned home noticed that my Wacom tablet was missing as I needed to edit some images. I only had one bag for my trip so it was always with me (it's a messenger bag). Waiting to hear back from the hotel...if it's not what I want to hear then I'll file a policy report. I fault myself for not noticing right away but I've never ever had this happen to me before. Not good times.
3	I stayed here last year and wasn't yelping that frequently, but from what I remember the rooms were okay. Not much you can expect from a hotel room that you're paying a corporate rate for, but I remember that there weren't any scary bugs or dirty linens or anything traumatic. That makes it A-OK in my book.The main reason I'm reviewing it now is because I was staying at their "sister hotel" next door, the Holiday Inn Express, and while the Holiday Inn does not have a restaurant, the Hilton Garden Inn does! I was extremely surprised by the quality of the food in the restaurant, I was expecting mediocre hotel food but it was actually really good! Unlike most hotels who provide plain food for people desperate to eat, the Hilton Garden Inn has actually gone a step further and incorportated a full style restaurant into their hotel. It has a bar area and a seating area, very beautiful spanish inspired tile, and really good food in a variety of styles!I ate two meals here:-First meal was a bacon and swiss hamburger which was DELICIOUS, their french fries were also well seasoned and I was sincerely surprised that it tasted so good. After being stuck in the airport I was very grateful for the good food.-For one of the meals we had their french-fried onion coated green beans which doesn't sound too appetizing but they were actually very addictive! We ate every one of them on the plate. -Second meal was a cheese tortellini in alfredo sauce. Not amazing food, but the tortellini were actually seasoned and tasted good, the alfredo sauce was most definitely canned but didn't taste bad. I did love their garlic bread pieces though!Overall, for a hotel, they knock it out of the park, but that doesn't mean I wouldn't suggest going out to experience Phoenix's more established restaurants!
2	Definitely not one of the nicer Hiltons I've stayed at, but close to the airport...so its convenient and the inside of the place is nice enough.  Not the place you want to leave ANY valuables in your car though...the parking lot is dark in a lot of places, spaces can be finicky finding depending how busy they are and it's not in the greatest area of town.In fact it was kind of comical...I left the hotel in the evening to grab a bite to eat...and less than a mile down the road was strip club after strip club...if that's any indication of the area.Next door is a Holiday Inn and honestly I would recommend getting the rates on both and just staying at the cheeper one.
2	For a two day business trip, I stayed at the Hilton Garden Inn. I wish I could say that the friendly service offset the shortcomings on the rooms but I cannot. The bulk of my complaints concern the bathroom. From the ever-running industrial fan to the unfortunately positioned door (flush with the bath tub AND toilet) and the tub plunger that does not plunge (or provide a seal for a bath) I was really, really disappointed with the bathroom. If you're like me, and look forward to hotel bathrooms more than anything else, then you'll definitely want to pass on this hotel. Another drawback is organization of the rooms in relation to the lobby. There are two major, long wings and my room was at the farthest end of one of those wings. It reminds you of the Shining in that respect...an endless, drab hotel corridor that feels like it'll never stop and when you do arrive it's to a heinous bathroom.Lastly, the food is very generic and barely a step above plane-quality. Overall, the hotel has generic, but clean, decor; unfortunate layout; poor food; situated in a business park ; and has annoying bathrooms. There are worse hotels in the universe so I'll give this one two stars but I'd be hard pressed to ever find myself returning.
3	The breakfast is suitable. The pool is adequate. Nothing really wowed me.Oh, one thing that sucked was that they allowed someone else in my party to change information on our reservation when the reservation was on MY card.  AKA WITHOUT my permission. So, that was pretty sweet.
4	It was decent for the price - it was cheap, but clean and quiet.  Travis at the front desk was quite helpful and understanding of our unique situation.
1	I like to stay at Hilton Hotels, because I have an expectation for accommodations that are a little more upscale.  Well, skip this one.  In all the hotels I've stayed in this was the WORST mattress.  Didn't sleep at all.  I would have been better off going out to my car for sleep.  The room was what you'd expect in a less expensive place....old thin linens, furniture that needed to be replaced badly.  Then there was the restaurant.  I'd traveled all day and decided to go pick up a sandwich at the restaurant.  I figured they could do the least amount of damage to a club sandwich.  I got to my room....couldn't even eat it.  The white bread (not toasted, but totally dried out was also MOLDY.  There was no mayo on it, not that I would have eaten it if there was.  Yuk.  I fly out of Sky Harbor often, but will NOT try this hotel again!!
3	I was there for business and they provided the basics but not much more. The outdoor seating by the pool was nice to be able to get some work done in a nicer setting than an office but had to get a maintenance man to go behind the bar and get us an iced tea. He did offer when we asked if the bar was open so 5 stars to him for understanding hospitality! The bed was okay but the noise was awful. Couldn't believe how many doors I could hear slamming in my hallway and how clearly I could hear the walking above me. Barely slept while I was there. In spite of the basics I would stay there on a future trip as its very convenient to the airport and other attractions in town.***Much better than the location in Austin, Texas (downtown). The Austin location's valets dented my bumper on my Jeep when I valeted my car on my wedding night and refused to accept responsibility. Steer clear!***
2	Disappointed for a Hilton. While room was large and spacious, bathrooms were dated. I can hear every move the people upstairs make since they checked in around 130am and then unpacked for 30 minutes. Air is loud and noisy as well. Just disappointed....
4	Very nice HGI. We stayed here on two different occasions, and the service, breakfast and rooms were all very pleasing. Very close to the airport, and there's a Waffle House right next door. But try the breakfast here, because Raoul can really make an omelette.
2	The service in the bar & grill was great. My server Mitch took great care of me... however the food.... I would have been better off with a Carl's Jr $6 burger. The hotel staff in my hotel even told me their burgers were great. Far from the truth. The Black and Blue burger gave me a black eye! ouch... The fries a double smack in the face.
5	Took a road trip to San Diego for the holidays and stopped in Phoenix after 13 hours on the road from Denver. This hotel welcomed me with extremely fast and friendly service. The room was extra clean, and I loved the way it was set up.  The furnishings were really nice (the desk was very stylish) and the room was bright. I ended up sleeping like a baby on both visits (I returned on the way back to stay away from the always icy Rocky Mountains).  Plenty of amenities that everyone loves, including an exercise room, business center, restaurant on site, etc. On the return trip, I had dinner in the restaurant, and the customer service was fast and friendly. I have joined the Hilton Honors club and will stay in Hiltons from now on. Great job everyone!
4	I usually stay at the Hilton Garden Inn on Van Buren, but they were full.  I had never stayed here before but was pleasantly surprised.  The facilities were nicely kept.  I took advantage of the Jacuzzi in the morning along with nice complimentary coffee.  I was very happy with my room.  It had dinning and sitting area and separate bed room.  I much prefer that.  Most importantly, the manager, Scott Chu, came and helped me out when I had an issue at check in.  Thank you Scott.  I will be back.
3	I stayed here for 5 nights while on a business trip, and  was really happy.The  rooms are a good size, and the ones we got have a desk so I can work easily. I also like that the desk faces the TV, it is small detail, but one that makes my stay more enjoyable.The rooms have free wi-fi, a mini fridge, a microwave, and a Kurig machine for coffee. The beds have adjustable firmness, which is nice, and  our rooms had  couches, a coffee table, and a easy chair.The rooms were clean, the staff friendly, and their morning breakfast buffet was good. They also have a mini pantry downstairs that sells snacks, and most importantly, redbull.They also have a business center, which you can print to from your room, and that has some desk space and computers for guest use.It is a great balance between cost and comfort, and exactly what I needed for this trip.
3	I stayed here for 3 nights and leave tomorrow. It's not a bad hotel but just a little worn. The carpet is old in the halls and my room. Then gym is also very small and not easily accessible - you have to go outside into the pool area to get there. And the pool area is fenced in so you have to reach over the fence to pull a lever to let yourself out. It's actually not that easy to get in/out. The gym is in it's own building, a very very small building. Not much room to do much of anything and not well ventilated, which is portmanteau for a gym. However the service is friendly and breakfast was pretty good too. For about 12 bucks you can get an omelet packed with everything you can imagine. Good stuff!!
3	Pros:  friendly, helpful staff; clean facilities despite being somewhat dated; easy access to freeway; Waffle House in parking lot.Cons:  something up with the water (too much softener?) -- felt like I could never quite rinse all the soap off; surrounding area not the greatest.
5	This hotel was awesome! I am absolutely making it a point to return to the Hilton Garden Inn at the Phoenix airport because I had such a great experience. When I arrived they had an assortment of welcome beverages including flavored water. The hotel room was in fantastic condition and there was a Keurig!  I ate at the hotel twice because the food was very good and the staff made me feel very welcome. Paul and Olivia did an exceptional job delivering A++ service, and I would highly recommend this hotel because of their service.
4	For more than a decade I've been loyal to another brand but booked this Hilton for convenience. Very pleasantly surprised! After a week in my usual brand, the room at this place was much bigger, more features and more comfortable. The room itself was better in every respect. I chose it for proximity to the airport and their shuttle service and both met my expectations. Next time I book I'm going to consider switching brands.
3	Clean and comfortable. Nice hot breakfast available - eggs, bacon, oatmeal, fruit, pancakes, cinnamon rolls, yogurt, biscuits and gravy. Also has a small (somewhat dated) exercise facility and outdoor pool.AC made some screeching noises at night that woke me up. Otherwise a nice stay.  Shuttle to airport was handy.
1	When I made the no refund reservation there was no mention of construction, but the courtesy reminder one week prior to my stay  informs me that there is construction for the entire month. Fire alarm at 3 am. Fire alarm at 4 am and the person at the front desk when I check-out at 530am asks how was my stay. What planet was he on?
2	Luke warm water; low water pressure; tub needs to be replaced (looks dirty).  Workout facility is mediocre.  This is the worse HGI they I've stayed in.  Checking out to and going to a different hotel.  Staff was nice. Breakfast was good.
