3	Quick sandwiches, burgers and fries in the Southpark mall food court. The other options are three different places offering chinese food (bourbon chicken), pizza and Subway.The "Great Steak & Potato Company" never seems to have anyone there.I had the chicken pita combo, which was two medium sized chicken breasts on a large pita with lettuce and tomato with a small tub of fries. It was good fuel, but nothing special. The cheeseburgers (and double-cheeseburgers) that my colleagues had looked good. All were prepared fresh and quickly.Drink choices were limited with a pepsi fountain. I didn't see a diet non-caffeine option so I ended up with a bottle of water.Would I eat here again? Possibly. The Bistro 7 (also in the food court  and reviewed a couple weeks ago) was a healthier and tastier option.
3	There really are limited options in the SouthPark food court. You've got your typically delicious Chick-fil-A, your myriad of Asian inspired fast food, a few sandwich options, and Showmars. I'll agree with Jeff S that this location also doesn't have the full effect of the standard Showmars Restaurant. But no worries. The Good: The order takers are friendly, food comes out lightening fast, there are typically daily specials, they now have whole wheat pitas and they seem fine with substitutions (fruit for fries, hooray!). The Meh: The gyro is fine - it's nothing special but certainly fills the void, the tzatziki could use a kick and the quality of the food suffers just a bit as it's in a mall food court. Overall, if you're a starvin' Marvin in SouthPark mall, Showmars will suffice just fine!
2	My french fry barometer registered a "what the what?"  I know I sound a little pissy, but there is no excuse for lukewarm fried food ever, especially at noon in a food court. Jeez, I get a gift certificate every year from one of my many jobs and while I appreciate the gesture, I think I would appreciate some proper fried food more. Cold onion rings....... you know my panties were in a wad.
3	It is alright.Ordered a chicken pita sandwich. The pita bread itself was good, wished more of the cucumber sauce, and the chicken was thick and enough - to make your money's worth. Just needed something else to give it a 4 or 5.Of course there are plenty of other options to go to, if not feeling for chicken pita sandwich.
3	Not a bad pita wrap for a food court
1	If you have any respect for your taste buds and stomach...don't just don't even try this place because the grease and soggy ness will knock you over and kill the rest of your mall experience
2	Normally I would give this a higher rating because I have never experienced a problem here like I did today. The food was fine, but the girl  that gives you the food was very rude. I ordered a baked potato and when it came up she gave me one butter and one sour cream. I gave her the sour cream back and said I needed alot of butter. So she hands me one more, I said again, I need alot of butter, so she hands me one more(now I have 3). I looked at her and said how many more can I have? So she hands me two more(5) and smart's off "if you need anymore, I will have to charge you for them". WTH? Really?? It's a small pat container of butter. I have NEVER been charged for them in any of the Showmars restaurants. And usually they give me so many I have to take some back. She acted like I was taking something personally from her. I can understand with the dressings, if you get more than 2 they charge you. But this is butter for crying out loud. That's like charging for ketchup packs. "Some" people just don't need to be out front in a customer service setting. Maybe the back area is more her speed.
