4	InnSuites is one of our personal favorite hotel/motels. In fact, they have quite effectively spoiled my kids for anywhere else. They have pleasant, clean rooms, but that isn't the real draw. It's all of the "extras." Such as: microwave (so pack popcorn) and a mini-fridge, complete with water bottles. Free newspaper. Nice private pool and Jacuzzi area. "Happy hour" in the hotel restaurant each night includes 3 free drinks and popcorn to go with them. They make a fab-o Shirley Temple for the little ones!Maybe the best thing about InnSuites hotel chain is their complimentary breakfast. No day-old pastry here. Just hot, fresh scrambled eggs and hash browns, fruit, toast, cereals, and make-your-own Belgium waffles. This InnSuites Hotel is less than a mile from Arizona Mills Mall and approximately five miles from the airport. It would be a great base for following spring training, about 2 miles away.
2	So even after staying here, I still don't know the real name of the hotel! It's something like Hotel Tempe/ Airport Inn-- InnSuites... with the word Boutique thrown in there somewhere.  But, the hotel is NOT boutique... at all. The price was great--as was its proximity to places of interest--and this is why we stayed here. But the free internet and breakfast was not worth the inexpensive price. I would definitely pay more to stay at a nicer place that feels a lot safer. The hotel is neighboring a strip club and the acoustics are terrible. We experienced this fully when our neighbors next door got into a huge verbal altercation at 5:00 AM, where the police were called :( not fun. The staff are friendly, but the hotel feels like it is under new management or still opening as everything is very unorganized and unfinished.  The lady would not give me a printed receipt for our stay. Another example: they have microwaves in the rooms, but not microwaves safe plates to use. A little strange? There is a Residence Inn down the street with similar amenities that I would be willing to try if I am in the area again.
2	I used one of those "name your price" sites and it landed me here.  Well, the first room I was given wasn't acceptable, it was clearly their bottom of the heap rooms, but after speaking with the front desk, I received the same type of room, a room that was acceptable.The good:  comfy bed, clean, refrigerator, microwave, free internet, and the free breakfast (eggs, waffles, yogurt, fruit, etc.).The bad:  although they are upgrading key elements, you're still better off at a newer hotel chain such as a Hampton Inn, Holiday Inn Express, Drury Inn, etc.It was a shot in the dark, I would not personally choose to return, but it wasn't all the bad.  I would be steaming mad if I paid their advertised rates.
4	We got a two-room suite for a great price. I read lots of reviews before finally booking figuring for the price I could handle lower quality. We were pleased to find the hotel to be very nice. It looks as if it was recently painted and maybe our room was recently redone. Anyway, our bed had the pillowtop mattress...which was very nice. Flatscreen TVs in the bedroom and living room area. Breakfast with eggs, sausage, potatoes, cereal, yogurt, mini-bagels...and my favorite: make your own waffles. Free wireless internet worked fine and was easy to access.  Once you figure out where to turn in, it is easy to get to from any direction after that. We didn't take advantage of the happy hour, but it was offered.
4	Hotel Tempe/Phoenix was our home away from home during a week long stay for our vacation.The hotel itself is conveniently located next to I-10 and the 60.  There's also a Circle K next door, like every other block in Tempe/Phoenix.  I can't forget to mention that you'll be able to find something to eat along Baseline as well; plenty of quick options if the occasion calls for it.As for the hotel itself, here's the good stuff:-Free hot breakfast daily from 6:30-10.  Waffles, eggs, cereal, toast, coffee, juice, fruit, etc.  This was awesome and saved us a few bucks.-Moderately sized pool and hot tub.  These were constantly in use, so lots of people milling about.-Nice, clean rooms with uber comfy beds.-Mini-fridge and microwave.-Free happy hour (Miller Lite or Killian's) each night.  Can't beat a few free glasses of beer!-Free WiFi.-Awesome proximity to freeways, as mentioned above.-Easy on the budget.And the not so awesome stuff:-If you have a room facing the pool/breakfast area, count on it being loud outside of your door until the pool closes around 11PM and then when people start moving about in the morning to grab breakfast.-The walkways outside of the rooms are tiled, so anytime luggage is rolled across it, it sounds like a freight train is moving by.  This really sucks at 5AM.-Can be tough to find a parking spot late at night if the hotel is full.Overall, I really enjoyed this hotel and would probably stay here again.  I'd give the hotel itself 3 stars, but the amenities bump it up to a 4 star place for me.  Thanks for the relatively comfy stay, Hotel Tempe/Phoenix!
1	Technically, I only stayed here for twenty minutes, but it was a memorable twenty minutes!The motel sounds amazing: free breakfast, a social hour in their "club", pool, pillow top mattresses, flatscreen TVs, and a free airport shuttle.  But when you actually get there . . . Let's see: I arranged for the shuttle in advance, giving them my arrival time and flight number.  And waited and waited.  And called the hotel, where they seemed to have no idea what I was talking about.  So they said they would send the shuttle.  The motel is about ten minutes from the airport.  It took the guy 45 minutes to pick me up.  The shuttle was not clean, the seats were split and chunks of foam were coming out, the seat belts felt greasy.  The driver, to be blunt, had not showered in days.  Then we got to the motel, which was clearly a very old motor lodge that had been repainted (you could see faded letters under the paint from the previous name).  Despite having made reservations weeks before, and having just called them about the shuttle, they did not have a room ready for me . . . were not sure they had a room for me at all.  I sat in the lobby for half an hour waiting, while the women at the desk chatted to each other about getting their nails done, which is apparently code for finding me a room.  The lobby smelled so strongly of cigarette smoke that it made me nauseated after a few minutes, and there was ash on several of the chairs.  Two teenage girls came in claiming they had lost their room key . . . after listening to them try to figure out what room they were in and the name of the "guy they knew who was letting them stay there" I'm pretty sure they were prostitutes.  And judging from the conversation of the desk clerks after they left, I'm pretty sure the clerks knew it too, BUT THEY GAVE THEM THE SPARE KEY.  While I was waiting, a friend who had stayed at the motel the night before (we were both in town on business) texted me and said not to check in.  She had had a group of teenagers outside her room all night, playing music and smoking pot.  She'd called the front desk to complain, and eventually the police.  There had been hair in her shower and something sticky on the sink, and she had checked out that morning, exhausted and appalled.  But right then they said my room was ready, so I took the key and went up.  The rooms all had outside doors, which always makes me feel unsafe when I travel alone, and on their website the room pictures are all of inside hallway rooms.  The door to my room was bent and didn't close properly, I had to lean my full weight against it to get it locked, and realized that it was bent that way because it had been kicked in!  The room was tiny and smelled like mildew.  The bed and bedding appeared to be new, but the tiny desk and dresser were very old and scratched.  In fact, the desk was weird in general: being about four feet wide but not deep enough to set a laptop on.   A quick look at the bathroom showed that it had not been cleaned, and there was no wastebasket anywhere in the room.  I could hear every car passing on the street outside and people talking in the next room as clearly as if they were standing next to me.  Oh. Hell. No.From my window I could see the Holiday Inn Express across the street.  I called them, and found out that their rooms (studio suites, no less) were twenty dollars cheaper, and made a reservation.  I gathered up my things and checked out.  They actually tried to charge me, but I just LOOKED at the woman, and said firmly, The room was filthy, the door didn't close all the way, and nothing here is as advertised, and she let me go.  I later got an email from the motel with a picture of that same room, saying Isn't it clean now?  Wouldn't you like to come back?  I said no.
4	I love their free breakfast. The suites are pretty nice!
2	I went to a local hotel after a minor disaster. Until things could be sorted out, I decided a hotel was the best course of action. I went to the Hotel Tempe/Phoenix Airport InnSuites Hotel. Wonderful location, nice amenities, my junior suite was clean and neat with a large Sony LCD television with HBO, a small microwave oven, two-burner cook top and a full-size refrigerator. Ownership, it seems, wants a top-notch facility for their price point. Too bad some of their employees don't feel the same way.The maid was excellent. The housekeeping staff went out of their way for me. It was much appreciated, even giving my long-gone high school Spanish a workout. The maintenance/grounds staff, hmm....The pool is supposed to close at 10:00, the employees lock the gates at 9:15. You can call the front desk, but they are often swamped and take the phone off the hook. You can walk to the front desk and receive absolutely no help from the hotel staff. The houseman, ignoring the obviously overwhelmed front desk clerk, offered to open the pool for five minutes, because "we're supposed to lock it at ten o'clock."Other hotel employees can see the front desk clerk is overwhelmed, but won't even answer the telephones to help her out. How about cross-training some of the night employees so they can at least answer the telephone? The breakfast is wonderful. The "Happy Hour" is a really nice perk. For it's price point, this is an excellent value. However, the attitude of some of the employees will really frost some of the guests. With 8% unemployment, these people should be easily replaced.Hmmph, those pesky guests...
4	Thanks to Hurricane Sandy my husband and I found ourselves in Phoenix, Arizona for an indefinite amount of time rather than home after a two week trip in Vancouver.  Through the magic of the internet we found Hotel Tempe, an affordable lodging accommodation with great amenities and a zero cancelation fee. Only a short drive from the airport, Hotel Tempe is close offers a free shuttle service and is within walking distance of several restaurants and the Arizona Mills Mall which includes a movie theater and an aquarium. The hotel staff is friendly and helpful and the rooms spacious and clean. We made good use of the public washer and dryer, the free Wi-Fi, and the free local phone calls. We relaxed in the outdoor hot tub and swimming pool, indulged in the complimentary happy hour, and enjoyed the vast options on the free breakfast buffet. This place is pretty close to perfect for an inexpensive get away. Should we ever come to Phoenix again we definitely plan on staying here.
2	The rooms are clean and the service is decent, but the walls are thin enough to follow the television programming in the room on one side of your own while simultaneously enjoying the ecstatic moans and mattress squeaking from your neighbors on the other side. Thankfully the rooms come equipped with a refridgerator, and the constant grumbling  of the ancient cooling unit will do its best to drown out the ruckus in the adjacent rooms. If you're not the type of person who is lulled to sleep by the groan of struggling machinery, unplugging it will only give you the peace and quiet necessary to truly focus on the aforementioned activities of your neighbors.If you're checking in here because it's stumbling distance from the establishment next door with women in various states of undress displaying their vertical barre workouts, then this place is for you, and you'll no doubt be either too drunk or too busy to mind the noises coming from the adjacent rooms or your ailing fridge.However, if you're interested in an uninterrupted night of sleep, you'd best look elsewhere. Weeknights or weekends, the pattern is the same. Checking in here is like unwittingly signing a release to take part in a sleep deprivation study.
4	My new favorite home away from home.  GREAT free breakfast - okay, "great" largely as it's FREE, but for free, s'all right.  Comp toiletries, nice kitchenettes, and granite countertops.  Having stayed here 4 weeks in a row, I can say: I have never had the same room once...  which means, I dunno, they renovated each room 3 years apart.   But each one of them was clean and well appointed.  For the price, can't beat it.  PS: it's 6 miles to Mill Ave/ASU, so... there you go.  I've not been able to get to the free happy hour - workin' too late - but maybe this week.  Great staff and all you need for a fair price!(PS: I also don't know the real name of this place, haha)
1	Wow, what a dump, worst one of our trip to Arizona.  Luckily we used airline miles to book this place because it wasn't worth $.  We booked this because we have 2 teenagers with us and could use the extra room of a mini suite.  This room was smaller than the Super8 room and smelled like old cigarettes.  Rude employees.  Noisy location.  The only positive was a decent breakfast.Will never come back.
3	We had a great stay at The Hotel Tempe. We were first given a suite in the area of the hotel that had not been remodeled yet. We requested to be moved, since our previous visit was in the newer Roos and that is what we thought we were reserving. The staff moved us, no problem. The room/suite was very comfortable!  We loved the FREE breakfast every morning too! We stayed her for 5 days during spring training, and would definitely stay here next year!
3	Needed a cheap place to stay for a few days. This was excellent in that regard.
4	This hotel was a pleasant surprise. Stayed one night (weekday rate about $60).Pros:Clean, large king size bed, modern decor, safe area. Large rooms, office desk/chair. Free breakfast. Free wifi.Cons:It was difficult to find a parking spot at 11pm late check-in. Not enough spaces!But overall, I would still return for another stay.
5	Wow. What a hidden gem. The sidewalks are in need of painting and the putting green should be resurfaced however, this place went beyond my expectations. Free Wifi. Free social hour. Free breakfast. Free long distance calls. Free shuttle to and from the airport. Pet friendly. Designated smoking areas. The staff Carlos and Jennifer were I incredible. I'd stay here again as the price is nice.
5	I stayed on September 4th after dropping off my son to college.  I liked the continental breakfast that was included in the price of the night.  The only thing that bothered me was the guest next to me running the shower at 5 am. The front desk clerks were friendly and helpful.  Will stay again when visiting my son.
1	The customer service was rude and refused to refund our money for the night we didn't stay.
1	Thought this place was going to be what it is but however! PLEASE people DO NOT consider staying here at all because the lady "Janelle" with customer service was SUPER rude and just straight up playing dumb games with how I should have checked out at noon when i booked for two nights. She didnt give my keys back and refuses to give me a refund for a room with a broken bed, a tv that doesnt work, pee on the floors and if you dont want random people knocking on your door at night this NOT a place for you. However do please stay at the Holiday Inn Express across the road.
5	I've stayed here 3 times 2 out of the 3 has been in the whirpool suites rooms are a nice size beds are comfy room is clean the jazcuzzi can get too hot at times but enjoyable.  What everyone else says is true when someone rolls past with their luggage it's really loud but I'm a heavy sleeper and I've usually been drinking when I'm in a room so it doesn't really bother me. The front desk can and will be busy around check-in time so make sure you've booked ahead that way you won't be waiting as long. If you are looking for a cheaper jacuzzi/whirpool suite to relax in or a special night out with a sig other this is definitely the place to book a room.
4	their free breakfast is pretty bombdiggitycase closed.okay, for reals now. The staff are all really nice, the shuttle service is good, but you have to call them (the front desk) for them to pick you up from the terminal, takes about 15-30 minutes depending on the traffic at the time. My friends and I used the shuttle service to get us back forth from the metro-link station on 44th and Washington (the stop at the airport / a stop close to downtown)through out our stay there. The drawback to that is however, when coming back to the hotel, you would need to go back into the terminal for them to pick you up (because strictly speaking, its only a shuttle back and to the airport) which i can understand. but with some planning, it's not too hard. the driver on the shuttle is also super nice and talkative (so it a fun ride back and from the airport), and gave us tips and ideas of what we could do in the area, with or without car. nearby, there are plenty of places you could walk to for your essentials. like a Ross, several american restaurants (we went to Joe's crab shack, which was literally right across the street: http://www.yelp.com/biz/joes-crab-shack-tempe-2?hrid=mlQxeVV6SgfcWe-eJWqSAA ), a mall, drug store...   basic toiletries are complimentary. so don't fret if you forget your razor (or even shaving cream).one thing as FYI, is that you have to turn on the fridge yourself. it was off when i came in.
5	Super clean, has airport shuttle from 6am-10pm, extremely helpful front desk (Ozzy was awesome!!!) free coffee & tea in the lobby, and free breakfast buffet. What more do you need?
1	We needed a place to crash for a night since our flight was getting in very late. Wife booked a 3 star hotel on Priceline and when she saw it was this place, immediately tried to cancel with no success. We lived in Phoenix 25 years and knew the area well. Location - next to a strip club. If that's your thing, your in luck. Room - bed was ok, the rest of the room smelled and was VERY tired looking even with a remodel in the last 5 years or so. Happy hour and meals. - couldn't get out fast enough so didn't try. No way this place ranks as 3.5 stars.
1	Redeye from Chicago, I get home & the storm wrecked my AC.  I just need to crash before the AC guy arrives between 3:00-Tuesday. I got a decent enough rate from Hotwire. This place is nothing special but close to home. I arrive 10:30ish & ready to crash. First of all, I'm charged $20 for early check in since check in is at 16:00.....& checkout tomorrow is at 10:00. What?! Strike 1I travel a lot and cant remember being fleeced like this, AND in my own town at that. Fine, whatever. Give me my room. And then Im told that my king room is not available & I get downgraded to a double queen.Strike 2.And then the 3rd strike comes when they tell me that IM being charged $50 for incidentals & it won't be returned to my account until 5-7 days later. Every other hotel just takes a swipe of my card in case I eat any room service. But IM not charged for something I haven't bought up front.Strike 3, you're outRefusal to offer any concessions while downgrading my room for a ho hum place like this......they obviously have not been in the hospitality industry long or know how their competition treats their guests.And then to top it off, somehow they find out that I routinely need 10-15 rooms, several times a year & the sales office rings me as soon as I open the door and tries getting my business...HELL NO.I'll bet I would've been treated differently if I kept my Armani suit on and not in my soon to sleep wear.
4	Not bad for the price. We got the 'upgraded' one with a stove and fridge for $10 and well worth it. It also comes with a little bar,You could fit 6 ppl in this little room for like 80 a night if you really wanted to, it comes with a couch with a pull out bed and pretty spacious living room. I liked there were trash cans all around the premises so if you stayed longer than a coupe days there's other options! The beds were comfortable and loved they gave extra pillows. The AC was wonderful, and didnt hear any neighbors the entire time. Would definitely feel comfortable coming back.
3	I enjoyed staying here for the second time in 2 years. I was here for a baseball tournament and I think, for the price, it fulfills what I would expect to get. The rooms are clean and well maintained and the breakfast buffet is a great addition. The service was friendly as well when I checked in or had any questions. I will continue to stay here.
1	ROACHES!!!! All that needs to be said. I loved this place. Stayed in Feb 2014 twice. Good price-appeared clean etc. Just ran for my life today 11/23/14 because my partner woke me up having killed 2 roaches. Thought she was exaggerating then she woke me again to watch a huge roach crawling in the bathroom. I checked out asap. I got a refund. Added pics.
1	While the Accommodations  are great there are other  issues  that fall short, for example  the lengthy check in process  I have stayed here quite  often and it always takes 20 mins+, The front desk clerk Jordan is rude,  racist,  and more concerned  with shooting  the breeze about sports  than doing his job.  I arrived at the hotel and requested a room, jordan then told me the hotel was all booked up on a Monday  night  which was total BS. The the next day I checked  in with a different  clerk . I spoke to the manager about it who informed  me the hotel was not  booked up that night and I was lied to. I also informed  the manager of an incident  where  during  my stay I went to the office to get the WiFi password  and again Jordan after make me wait 5mins while he discussed sports with the maintenance  man he then took a piece of paper with the wifi password  on it and threw it at me.  I brought all of this up to the manager Curtis who was apologetic but didn't really seem to care.  If you want quality non discriminatory customer service  look elsewhere.
