5	I enjoy ordering my cakes from this particular Safeway, and this past weekend was no different. I was a little worried as I was ordering a very specific birthday cake that I need on Saturday October 24, for a friends birthday party. She basically wanted a strawberry shortcake, cake (you know whipped cream frosting, fresh strawberries in the middle, strawberries  and whip cream on top). When I went to Safeway on October 19 after going to 3 other locations to attempt to order this cake, Miss Frida informed me that they were currently out of strawberries and wasn't sure when they would get their shipment in. All I was thinking was its Monday and I don't need this cake to Saturday and there is a chance that Safeway wouldn't get a shipment of strawberries? But its MONDAY and I don't need it til SATURDAY is what my mind was screaming. Alas I took it all in stride as Miss Frida told me not to worry and that she would call me on Friday if for some reason they didn't get any strawberries in time and that we would work something out. So after having a mini panic attack as I had already been to 3 other places in the last 48 hours and was tired of cake shopping but I was determined to get the type of cake my friend wanted. So Friday rolls around and although I had not heard from Frida, I decided to stop in anyway to see what the progress was. She let me know that that had received a fresh shipment of strawberries on Thursday and that everything was a go. Needless to say my mind was instantly at ease.So fast forward to Saturday, I pick up the cake, which looked fabulous and headed on to the party to finish setting up and getting everything ready for all the guest. When it came time to cut, the birthday girl was beyond happy and let me tell you, that cake was OFF THE HOOK! Talk about fresh. My goodness. Everyone loved the cake and couldn't believe that it came from Safeway. The birthday girl was happy as she got exactly what she wanted and the guest loved it. Hats off to Frida for making one hell of a cake and to Safeway for not letting down!
2	...for selling broccoli at a good price I gave them a chance....for selling celery that was already rotting I won't do so again.
1	The absolute worst management. The people are not happy, no one acts like they care if you shop there or not. They carry only the most basic items, as though it were a poorly run 7-11. I tell myself every time I go, that it will be my last trip... And then I forget since its so close to my home. But today they had there last chance at my money. I am done with them and Safeway. No stars. But I had to choose at least one
4	Love the store here, usually come for cheap dairy products.  Enjoyed talking to different employees, treat you very nice and very friendly.
