4	There is nothing really to complain about here.  This Mortons is like most in other cities.  It's definitely for the expense account crowd.  It's fun to go to a place and to know exactly what you are in for.  I've been to Mortons all over the country and this one stacks up pretty well.  It's like most other high end chain steakhouses (Palm, Ruth's, Capital Grille, etc.).  The bar is pretty lame, but I'm guessing most go here for a sit down dinner.  Capital Grille or Hyde Park bar is much better for bar scene.  But, one thing I definitely appreciate about the bar is  the bar menu.  If you've never been to Mortons and you are watching your budget go to the bar have a cold beer and order the PRIME cheeseburger trio or the Filet sandwiches for only 6 DOLLARS.  Plus, the fries are awesome.  The dining room is really nice with dark wood and lots of leather.  The service is awesome because I'm guessing you have to be pretty good to land a server position that might end up paying you 6 figures.  The food is great.  However, my opinion is that most true high end steakhouses all have similiar quality steak.  I eat here a few times a year and my favorite first courses are the lobster bisque (Very good, but not as good as capital grille) and the tuna tartare.  Stay away from the filet.  I mean it's tender and delicious, but try a steak with a little flavor.  I'm guessing if you're like me you don't go to Mortons often, so try something that  is hard to get elsewhere.  Get the Cajun ribeye.  I can't remember if Pittsburgh location does a bone in ribeye, but if they do I would say a cajun bone in ribeye will be one of the best if not the best steaks you ever try.  I also suggest getting the "lazy" lobster.  There are few things in life more indulgent or enjoyable than having a two pound lobster cooked perfectly already cracked for you.  It's pure indulgence.  The asparagus is great and as big as a baseball bat.  The spinach is great and the hash browns are a must have.  You should definitely save room for desert and there is no better desert here than the chocolate souffle'.  Remember to tell them that is what you want for desert when you order your entrees.  I wish the bar was better, because if it was I'd go here more often.  This place is exactly what you would expect.  And, that's a good thing.
3	We ate here on a Sunday night and it was surprisingly slow. The wait staff was okay, not the best I have had at a Morton's and the same goes for the food. Don't get me wrong, everything was good just not as good as say the Morton's in Portland.
5	The last time I ate at a Morton's was in Houston, TX, so I was very excited when BJ suggested that we dine here Saturday night. Had a 7:30 pm reservation, was greeted promptly and led to a comfy corner booth. The restaurant was very busy. Our server Georgeann was very friendly and hit it off right away with BJ. The two of them kept me entertained all night long! I don't know which one was the funniest. Well, BJ wins hands down. We pondered the wine bible for a bit, but BJ is a beer dude (they have a somewhat limited selection) and I am more of a cocktail girl. Loved the cosmopolitans there. Very delicious. We bypassed the appetizers, we both got Morton's salads, which were huge. I had a single cut filet and a crab cake, BJ also got a filet and bacon wrapped scallops. Both our steaks were very flavorful and cooked to perfection. For our sides, we shared asparagus and a loaded baked potato. We could not pass on dessert. I had to have Morton's Legendary Hot Chocolate Cake and BJ had the Key Lime Pie. The chocolate cake was amazing, I love it. So did BJ.  He ate it instead of his pie.  We got the pie to go and it was also very, very good. Great place for a special occasion. We had a wonderful evening.
4	This place is pretty good. It was my first time at a Morton's. This is comparable to Bob's Steak and Chophouse. Definitely up there. The double filet I had was cooked perfectly and humongous; dayum! The waitstaff and ambiance was nice.
5	I have only eaten at the bar for the "Bar Bites menu which you can't beat! The Colossal Shrimp Cocktail, Petite Filet Mignon sandwiches and mini cheeseburgers are all delicious! The drinks are strong and pricey!
5	Great place  . My favorite steak reaturant in Pittsburgh . The bar area could be bigger . The valet's were professional and quick .
5	For my boyfriend's birthday earlier this week, he told me that he wanted steak for dinner.  Steak he wants, steak he gets!  We did a little bit of research about where to get a great piece of meat in Pittsburgh, and we finally decided to check out Morton's.  We'd heard of it from Chicago, and it definitely has a good reputation there too.So we came in for our 7:30 reservation on a Tuesday.  The hostess greeted us warmly, and led us into the dimly lit room to our booth.  I had told them on OpenTable that it was my boyfriend's birthday, and my mom called ahead to pre-order some things, so the waitstaff knew that we were celebrating.  And wow, somebody told him "Happy birthday!" every 15 minutes!  They all knew about it!  Our menus actually had "Happy 28th birthday, Taylor!" printed on them.  My mom had pre-ordered sparkling wine, which was waiting for us on ice when we arrived.  The sommelier (wearing a tux!) poured it for us.  After we toasted, a hostess came by with a digital camera and snapped our picture.  Five minutes later, she came back with a print out of the picture, and a birthday card signed by various servers.  Wowza!We felt unbelievably welcomed.  We helped ourselves to a slice of the huge loaf of onion-y bread sitting on the table, while we listened to our server tell us about the various menu offerings.  It's a little funny how they have examples of the food sitting under plastic wrap.  It does give you a nice visual for the steaks, but it's a little funny for....asparagus.  Still, seeing the size of the meat helped us make our choice.First, we got the onion soup and the Caesar salad.  The onion soup was served bubbling hot, with a layer of cheese baked on top, of course.  It was very tasty - not the best I've ever had, but it definitely hit the spot for two hungry people!  Something about the broth was a bit too sweet perhaps.  The Caesar was great - they knew we were splitting it so they served it on two perfectly portioned plates - you could taste every single ingredient that goes in a classic Caesar.  You know they made this dressing perfectly - can't leave out the anchovy!  Delicious.We each got the bone-in Ribeye, which was 20 oz of medium-rare amazingness.  Our steaks were unbelievably tender and flavorful.  The meat was pretty marbled, but the fat was so succulent that honestly I ate every bite of it.  The meat needs no sauce - just that luscious char on top and warm tender beef within.  Fantastic.  Loved every bite.  Our one wish was that the plates were warmed - since they were cool, it seemed like the steak was cooling down faster than it should.  But that didn't stop us from loving our wonderful dinner!Mom had pre-ordered two desserts, their classic chocolate cake and the creme brulee.  I didn't taste the cake, but my boyfriend said it was incredibly rich and decadent.  I loved the creme brulee, and somehow finished every bite despite being stuffed already.Service was always friendly, the ambiance was romantic, and truly I felt like we were royalty.  Come here on a special occasion, and you'll see what I mean.  It is a very expensive place to eat, but totally worth it for a special occasion.  With prices that high, you deserve to feel like their most cherished patrons of all time, and we certainly did.  I would very much like to come back the next time we have something to celebrate and want to have a big steak at the same time!
4	Morton's gets a 4 star because they are more expensive than Peter Luger's and not as good as Peter Lugers.However, Morton's is a very good chain steakhouse. I'd suggest going with a group of people so then you can order the porterhouse for 2. It is delicious. They bring it out on a hot place and set it between the 2 people eating it. You are then each given a piping hot plate with hot butter drizzled on it. The server then puts some of the meat on your plate and rubs it around in the butter. Delicious. For the sides, I would suggest getting the creamed spinach. The asparagus isn't bad either. I actually went there for my fraternity senior class dinner with a group of 8 guys and they gave us our own room which was really cool. You just have to put down a cover for each person which you lose if one guy doesn't show up. We all got the porterhouse for 2. For deserts, you need to get the souffle which has to be ordered with the meal because it takes some time to make.After multiple bottles of $60-80 wines, the total tab came out to a little more than $1000 for the table which wasn't too bad.
5	The food is awesome. Nice atmosphere. Come in on happy-hour that you can get oysters for $2 and colossal shrimps for $2.25 at the bar. They are a must-try.
4	Morton's... Well where to start. I took my girlfriend here to celebrate some important events that occured all within a week. It took close to a week to decide where we had wanted to try and we decided first to make it upscale, and secondly about steak. Well we had our clear choice to be Morton's. We enjoyed the ambience and atmosphere that was provided as well as the wonderful and informed wait staff. We had reservations and were actually sat early which was fantastic! I am a big lover of steaks so I chose the porterhouse, while my girlfriend had the double cut filet. We started first with a salad wedge which I found to be tasty, very crisp and fresh. My girlfriend had the lobster bisque which she loved. Our steaks came out after we finished our staters and our wonderful bread loaf. I must say the steak was cooked exactly how I wanted it and I ate every bit of that monster! We finished off with the hot chocolate cake which was devoured rather quickly. All in all it was a wonderful experience and for me very much worth the money.
5	THIS IS THE BEST STEAKS ANYWHERE!!! Great staff as well. It is a go to place for us when we are in the mood for steaks!!
2	I know I'm a steak snob but I found this Mortons perfectly adequate. The service was just okay. We asked our waiter for a recommendation on a side dish and he not only forgot to bring it but also what we ordered!  And you think they were bottling it themselves when we asked for a second bottle of wine. The only saving grace was the chocolate mousse which was a little cup of whipped heaven.
5	This is easily my favorite restaurant in Pittsburgh. The steaks, the sides, the service, and the atmosphere all add up to a great experience. I can understand the high prices being a turn-off to many people that say a good steak can be found at much cheaper prices, but for me, this place is just a great experience in general. I find that it's worth the occasional splurge, and I would go just for the potato pancake alone
3	Morton's. Enough said. Not my most favorite location but you can't go wrong here.
5	Great dining experience if you pay the right price!Dare I say this is the best steakhouse in Pittsburgh?  I've been to several Mortons, and at this location at least 4 or 5 times.  It lives up to any other Morton's I've been to - the experience is pretty consistent across the chain.  They have a great deal on their website called "Steak and Seafood for 2 for $109.99" that includes:Loaf of Signature Bread2 Salads (Morton's or Caesar)Veggie to SharePotato To Share2 Single Cut Fillets (additional selection at additional price)2 Seafood Accompaniments2 DessertsAs you can see, the amount of food is a lot, and it can easily be shared by three. We had the fourth member of our party order Al a Carte and the bill was under $200 with tax and tip out the door. The service is great and the food, unbelievable. No one does a filet mignon as great as Morton's, and their Legendary Hot Chocolate Cake is to die for.So, if the price is right ($50 a person or so), I say by all means, go here! If it's a special event, such as a birthday, etc. they put "Happy Birthday, ______" on the menu without even being asked to do so and take a picture of the entire group. It a great experience and we love going to Morton's!
4	It's Morton's... High end steakhouse with high end decor, service, and food quality. Nothing particularly amazing or different from this locations, but I did find the 3 course special to be a great value. Morton's was just purchased by Landry"s which may lead to even more corporate feel. I could tell (because our waiter told us) that most of the staff is not exactly thrilled about the acquisition. We will see...
3	I can't wait for the day I walk away from a $120/person steak dinner feeling like I got what I paid for.  This wasn't it.
2	I came here for my birthday dinner.  I was not impressed at all.  First off, we sat at the booth near where the host has his podium.  He seemed to be in a bad mood and made us feel uncomfortable.  I did like the nice touch of having my name printed on the menu and service by our waitress was good.  However, food wise, it was just OK and a bit disappointing.  I of course had filet, and I was just so underwhelmed with it.  The flavor was meh and the black truffle butter was surprisingly boring.  After this experience, I have no desire to ever come to this restaurant again.
4	Unbelievable! We were in town for weekend and looked up the reviews in yelp for a nearby steakhouse. Service was top notch, wine list extensive and above all an excellent meal. Would definitely recommend it for a special occasion and great meal out.
5	My wife and I took a friend to Morton's after a Steeler's game 7 October.  I have never been to one of these steakhouses so it was a real treat to experience it in Pittsburgh.  It was absolutely the best steak and meal I've had at any steakhouse or honestly a dinner anywhere.  Everything was perfect...steaks, crab cakes, shrimp cocktail, and the veggies were just amazing.  I literally fell in love with the cream corn.  The manager (Robert) came over and personally checked on us, engaged in a conversation for at least 10 minutes and was just ensuring our experience was perfect.  It was.  The after dinner drinks and desert (a chocolate lava type cake) was beyond words.  This is now my favorite place and steakhouse.  Thank you!!!
2	Morton's, was without a doubt one of the original esteemed statehouse restaurants in America, often emulated by others.  Great they were, with superb steaks, outstanding service and old club style ambiance. This was always a top place for business and special occasion dining. Now it is not as much as it was for my money and taste based on a recent visit.They are taken over by a very large mega restaurant chain corporation. Landry's, who are owners of over 35 restaurants and chains many you would be familiar with now own Morton's too. Morton's no longer has a focus on their original identity, meaning and purpose but are being changed in a modernized way. On my last visit changes were visible. Some changes and cost cutting and commercializing has begun. The menu is changed to include items which will appeal to a broader clientele. Now profits and growth are a bigger part of the strategy. Gone is the famous GM Bill. Bill was as much an institution as the restaurant he ran. Changed too seem to be the quality of the steaks. Our ribeyes were not a recognizable ribeye cut and the taste was not there as we remembered. One of three steaks came out drastically overcooked although the error was quickly remedied with a properly cooked replacement.I just hate to see the continuing commercialization of our esteemed restaurants in America.
5	Great place for date night or any other special occasion.Morton's without a doubt is my favorite upscale Pittsburgh steakhouse. The service is impeccable and the food is second to none.During this visit I took my wife for a romantic dinner for Valentine's Day. We were early for our reservation so we headed to the bar for some "Bar Bites until it was time to be seated at our booth. Once seated Ed was our server and he was great! He brought over the "meat cart" with all of the different cuts of steak that they offered and went over each steak. The cart also has all of the vegetables they offer as well.We both started off with a few cocktails. I had the French Raspberry Mortini and she had the Chocolatini Mortini. By this time the huge loaf of onion bread was brought and placed on our table. Next we both had salads. I had the Caesar and she had the Wedge. For our steaks we both had the single cut fillet cooked Cajun Style which were seasoned and cooked to perfection. Absolutely the best, most tender steak I have ever eaten in my life. It was like steak flavored butter. It melted in your mouth. I added a utterly amazing crab cake to mine and she added colossal shrimp to hers. To accompany our entrees I added garlic mashed potatoes to mine and the wife added green beans to hers.For dessert we shared the world famous Morton's Lava Chocolate cake with ice cream. What a way to end one of the best meals we have ever had.
5	I ordered the center-cut ribeye for entree. It was delicious. The environment is nice and servers are polite. Recommended.
1	We've eaten a number of superb meals at the Morton's in Cincinnati, and were eagerly looking forward to a sumptious dinner at Morton's in Pittsburgh. Oh boy. The ambiance is more like a Wendy's that tries to be upscale: cramped, busy, somewhat noisy. Of the two filet mignons we had (different sizes, medium rare) one was horribly overcooked, the other one a little on the rare side. The meat wasn't special. The deserts were OK but the Creme Brulee was bland in the extreme. Service was OK but occasionally inattentive. For two adults, one child, a check of $150 would have been reasonable for the quality provided. It ended up being $350 or so. Oh well - I rounded up the check to $400 and left with the intention of never coming back again. Imagine my shock when I found that my credit card had been charged with $600! I'm sure this will turn out to be an innocent mistake, but if this restaurant thinks it provides an experience worth $200 per head, they need to call Chef Ramsey.
5	We ended up at Morton's for our anniversary dinner because Meat & Potatoes was overbooked and we didn't want to wait an hour for a table.  What a great decision!  The service was impeccable and the food was delicious.  Yes, it is expensive, but we were able to split an appetizer, soup, steak and vegetable dish for a reasonable price and didn't have room for dessert.  Their portions are certainly in-line with the price.Their Lobster-bisque is basically heaven in a bowl.  Don't miss it!  And the Balsamic reduction on their asparagus was amazingly flavorful and clearly a true reduction and not one of those lousy corn-starch reductions most restaurants are using now.On my way out I slipped (due to my own inability to walk!) and fell, and the response from the staff was very caring and immediate.  I was impressed from the moment I walked in until the moment I walked out.
4	Formally, my favorite restaurant in Pittsburgh. Years ago when I would come here the food and service would be exceptional. However, lately the food quality has really dropped. It is a little disappointing, I came 2 times in the past 2 months and both times I was left wondering what had happened to the ultra high quality food. Full disclosure, one time I came during restaurant week for one of the lackluster meals and the other was a business lunch where the business purchased salads and deserts for everyone. I still like the place a lot. But lately it seems like Morton's is more and more empty than I used to remember and maybe that is the reason why.
4	We used to dine fairly frequently at Morton's.  And THEN, we had kids.  I was happy when my wife suggested we go to Morton's for our wedding anniversary.Morton's was bought out less than two years ago (Spring 2012) by the Landry Group of restaurants who owns a ton of restaurants.  In Pittsburgh, McCormick and Schmick and the Grand Concourse are probably the two most recognizable restaurants in the group.There was definitely a change at the restaurant.  Modernize the menu. Expand the menu. Turn off Frank Sinatra. Brighten the place up.  Gone are the wheeled-around meat carts showing the different cuts of beef. The pewter pig lamps are still there.  The lava cake and souffles are still there.  Thank god some things are still sacred. Oh, and one other thing: prices went up! :)We started off with a few $15 cocktails, and then opted for the Oceans chilled seafood platter which was fantastic.  King crab legs, great shrimp, raw oysters, lobster, jumbo lump crab.  It was awesome.  Served on ice, as it should be, everything was cold and fresh.  We ordered an extra shrimp cocktail because they were so good, and those were even larger than the ones on the platter.  These were 3-bite shrimp, and I take big bites!  Couldn't have asked for anything to better.The warm spinach salad was good.My wife had the filet, which was nice and tender, but was under seasoned and lacked a good hard sear.  She was unimpressed given the $50 price tag on the steak.I had the 22oz bone-in ribeye, which has become my steak of choice, and ordered it medium.  It arrived definitely medium-rare and without the cajun seasoning I had asked for.  Once re-fired, the steak was fantastic.  Great seasoning, great flavor, and I basically gorged myself into a food coma.This did not, however, prevent me from eating about half of the chocolate lava cake and ice cream which was also awesome.We were initially seated at a table where the chairs sat in one of the aisles.  We asked to be moved, and got the normally-less-than-desirable booth by the host stand.  While I would not be happy normally with this table, it turns out that we got some extra attention and the service was probably better than it would have been otherwise.The service was fairly good --- our main server was not as attentive as he could have been, but the maitre'd made up for it.In terms of making our day "special", they did a good job.  They take your picture and then print it on site, and includes a "Happy Anniversary" message (or happy birthday, or congratulations, or whatever) and I think they achieved that.  It's nice to see that this can be the place for us to celebrate.Bottles of wine were available from about the $55 price tag and up, with the majority of bottles being well over $100.My real reservation(har har) in giving this place 5-stars comes from the whole value proposition: Did the customer experience his money's worth of food, service, atmosphere, and so on?  While I think it's close, I feel much more confident at the 4-star level than at the 5-star level.We're used to dining in great restaurants, but this really pushes the limit of acceptable pricing, EVEN for a great meal.  We spent $370 for two, including a few cocktails, a $60 bottle of wine, taxes and tip. (but excluding an on the house dessert)It's an expensive, but a delicious way to celebrate a special occasion.
4	After originally writing this review for Open Table, and not until it was completed was I informed that it had to be trimmed to a brief highlight before it would be posted. FAIL OPEN TABLE REVIEWS!Morton's The Steakhouse, to the average joe, is a special occasion treat. It's prices are out of this world, especially when everything is a la carte. The restaurant-going public at large has gotten used to dining where choosing an entree entitles you to choose soup or salad, a vegetable and a starch. I've been here before, so I know not to expect anything with my steak besides a plate and flatware. Oh, and a napkin (and to be totally honest, bread and a glass, complete with water).However, since the star of the show here is steak, it's almost sacrilege to choose anything else. C'mon, the speciality of the house is right there in the restaurant's name! I went with the "Signature Cut New York Strip." To be totally frank, it is quite possibly the best steak on the face of the planet. It comes with a beautiful char, perfectly cooked to perfection, with nary a blemish to be found. You will be using your knife, but never to cut away grizzle or fat. How does a steak taste this good, chew this well, and not have any fat vein? Not quite sure, but Morty seems to have it down to a science. My companion had the "Center Cut Prime Ribeye" and she agreed with my assessment of perfection.I saw many of the apps and sides being delivered to other tables, but after a soup (which I will describe in a moment) and steak, who could eat so much. The Jumbo Shrimp Cocktail app looked tantalizing, old-school style on a wide-rimmed glass, complete with dry-iced fog effects. The mashed potatoes and mac & cheese looked tempting, and were large enough to feed a group, but I can't attest to the flavor.We started with a loaf of exceptional warm bread with flecks of toasted onion on the crust. It had a wonderful crumb, and I'd buy it from a bakery in a heartbeat. To begin I started with the Lobster Bisque, and my companion began with a Center-Cut Iceberg, or wedge salad. The wedge seemed perfectly adequate, inspire of it's Flintstones size. We both agreed that the Lobster Bisque was sublime! It had an incredible depth of lobster stock flavor. Speaking only for myself, though the bisque is the main attraction, the lobster island usually found floating in the middle is akin to the cherry topping an ice cream sundae. And I save it for the final sayonara spoonfuls. And in this case, it actually took down with it what went before. It was so overcooked as to be inedible, and rarely is ANYTHING inedible to moi. It had the mouthfeel of an underdone sponge, or perhaps soggy cotton balls. What a disappointment! I really couldn't tell if it was over or underdone.So that last payoff, combined with the waiter's never-ending push to inflate the bill with dining accoutrements, were the only demerits from an otherwise exceptional meal!
5	In the words of my father this restaurant is first class all the way! From the valet service to dessert everything was fantastic-you of course are paying for it.  It was a wintery night and $9 for valet parking was fine by us.  The valet was very concerned about my heels getting caught in the grates on the sidewalk! We used Opentable to make reservations although it wasn't as crowded as I expected for a Saturday night. We were seated right away at a side booth which was perfect for two. Our waiter was fantastic and I started off with one of the specialty cocktails and my date ordered red wine. The drinks are pricey so beware-$15 each for the glass of nothing fancy red wine and the specialty cocktails are also $15 each.  It was Pittsburgh restaurant week so I went with the $35 3 course meal which I thought was a fantastic deal.  You had your choice of any salad. I went with the cob salad which was a smaller portion but just right for me. With 4 entrees to choose from I went with the 6 oz filet and mashed potatoes (choice of one side).  They were both fantastic. I ordered the chocolate moose for dessert thinking it was cake rather than a small bowl of rich dark chocolate moose but it was still pretty good. My date went with the $59.99 3 course option that included seafood. I believe they have this option anytime.  He started out with a full size caesar salad which included very tasty homemade croutons. Along with the 6 oz filet you also were able to choose a seafood side. He went with the bacon wrapped scallops (they give you 2 huge ones) and baked potato for his side. What I loved about the baked potato option is they bring out a topping bars complete with butter, sour cream and bacon.  For dessert he went with the chocolate molten cake with a side of vanilla ice cream which was to die for!!  Overall one of the best meals I have had in a while!
5	I love this Morton's. .the staff is great and the food is amazing..the ribeye was great and scallops wrapped bacon amazing
5	Visited Morton's last night for dinner before the show. After we were seated, our waiter greeted us shortly after with the menus. The menu has a perfect amount of options. Not too many and still enough to have a complete variety. Chicken, chops, seafood, and most important, STEAK! For a salad, we started off with the chopped spinach salad. It was perfect, as I am very particular with how my salads are dressed. The dressing wasn't dripping off, it was evenly and perfectly coated. I chose the 6 oz filet mignon, with 2 bacon wrapped scallops and 3 grilled shrimp for my dinner. It was more than enough. The steak was so tender and juicy! I would definitely go back to Morton's again and again for a wonderful meal!
2	This is definitely an old school hang out with a classic menu.   Although my steak was cooked perfectly,  I can't speak to the quality of the ingredients as they lacked natural flavour of meat and fish that I love.   My biggest gripe, though, would be the overcooked scallops.  If you are an adventure Eater or like common things cooked in uncommon ways, I would skip this one.
5	I was taken here for my birthday with my girlfriend on the 24th. It was a slow Monday night so the dinner was very intimate and we were able to enjoy every moment of it. The host took our picture and it is hanging on our fridge right now, (which was never asked, he actually asked us if we wanted it.). Boom, girlfriend is happy. We start by splitting a salad which had a nice balsamic drizzle. Salad portions are nice and not that expensive. I chose the Cajun Rubbed Ribeye. Unbelievable. Changed everything I had previously thought of steak. She chose the filet mignon and I really couldn't decide who had the better steak. Except mine was bigger, so I chose mine. We had the Mac and cheese side, (which I devoured for lunch the following day) mushrooms (whaaaat? I need more) and gigantic asparagus. All amazing. To top off the night they sent out a molten chocolate cake which might have been the most magical thing in my life. What do you guys even put inside that? Unicorn blood? Come on. I'm still dreaming about it. Rich was an amazing server and I will be asking for him again when we return. He was knowledgable and guided us through the meal, and made the experience very entertaining. First time here, and I can't wait to be back.
5	I went to Morton's for the first time on 04/19/2014 to celebrate my boyfriends birthday.  Overall, the experience was exceptional.  The meal started with prosciutto wrapped mozzarella.  It truly was one of the best appetizers I've ever had.  Our salads were served next - one caesar salad and one chopped spinach salad.  Each were good but nothing special.  For our entrees, we ordered the porterhouse steak with peppercorn rub and the 6 oz. filet mignon with shrimp and scallops.  The steaks were cooked to perfection, but my partner thought the rub on the porterhouse was overpowering (I tended to agree).  We also ordered horseradish mashed potatoes and sauteed broccoli florets as side dishes.  Both were amazing.  Morton's Legendary Hot Chocolate Cake rounded out the night (in addition to one bottle of wine and 2 alcoholic coffee drinks).  This was a perfect way to celebrate a special occasion.  Beings that we had never been there before, it was important for my boyfriend and I to try a bit of everything!   We had more than enough food to eat and even had plenty to take home with us.  The cost (including tip) was approximately $330.  BUT, to be honest (and I can't believe I'm saying this), the service made it worth it!!!  The wait staff was better than any I have ever experienced...very personable, knowledgeable, and accommodating.  More than anything (even the taste/quality of the food), the service is what will bring us back to Morton's Steakhouse for our next special occassion.
5	Had another great dinner at Morton s.We like the club atmosphere and the staff is very accommodating. Lisa is the new GM and she is a nice addition to the restaurant. Food as usual is very good. Had the Steak and Seafood special which includes a huge salad, 6 oz filet with crab-cake, scallops or shrimp, one side and dessert which is a pretty good deal. Love the onion bread.
4	This place is great! Went for work and we had the most attentive and friendly wait staff! We were all joking around and having a great time! Completely took over the place with our small but loud group of 4! Split multiple bottles of wine and had many a cocktail, appetizer and entree. So good and definitely better than going to a Capital Grille. If you're looking for a good place to go for a work dinner, I highly recommend. They don't disappoint and have a menu that also caters to those of us who don't like steak- I had their salmon and it was delicious! The apps, especially the tuna tartare, was incredible! Hope to be back next time I'm in Pittsburgh.
5	Refined, classic style steak restaurant, Mortons will not disappoint those who are looking for a traditional upper end place. Yards of linen, tons of silverware, and hordes of waiters make this place a must go in Pittsburgh.Our table of six enjoyed perfectly done steaks and fillets, beautiful accompaniments of vegetables and potatoes, great salads,  excellent desserts, along with an impressive wine offering.  Expect to pay heavily for this experience, it is well worth it.
4	We find ourselves at Morton's about 4 times a year.  The food is rarely a let down.  The steaks have been perfect, the potatoes delicious, and the desserts to die for.  However, the service, or rather the servers, leave a lot to be desired.  To put it bluntly, we have consistently better servers at Applebee's and Outback.  The men who have waited on us at the Pittsburgh Morton's act as if they hate being there.  We often feel like we're prodding them for information because they do not speak to us unless they absolutely have to.  Our most recent visit was three nights ago and we had the worst service to date.  The server was lazy, far too laid back, and truly should not have been working in such an expensive establishment.  We asked him questions about the special (he denied there being one and there was), about a chicken dish (his response to how the Chicken Christopher was prepared - "It's, like, well, ya know, just regular fried chicken"....he could not have made it sound less appealing and it's most definitely nothing like regular fried chicken), about the way a dessert is served (he told me the fruit crisp was absolutely berries, but once ordered what was served was apples), and he was obviously put out by such questions.  The price of the meals and the service are absolutely not in line at this location.
2	Wow, not so much.  I haven't been to a Morton's in years, but was happy to be going back for a business dinner.  I thought the service was exceptional, but the food was mediocre at best.  The filet that I ordered was cooked to perfection, a nice portion, and tender as can be -- but absolutely no taste.  Nothing.  Nothing discernible at all.  I can tell you that with all of the above and no taste, it was all for naught.  Unrelated and not the blame of the server, of course -- again, service was great -- one of my colleagues found a piece of hard plastic in his veal chop.  He thought the veal chop was great, but wasn't real excited about the plastic in his dish, which the server promptly removed from the bill.  I brought another colleague's salmon home with me and heated it up the next day.  Oddly enough, a beautiful piece of salmon -- absolutely NO flavor.  Very strange experience.  I doubt I'll ever return.  Coincidentally, the place was empty on a Thursday evening.
2	How this place got 4 stars when there are so many better options in Pittsburgh is beyond me.  The only thing that was noteworthy about the experience here was the price. The food was bland. Nothing to write home about. The place looks uppity, but really the food is just ok. Go to Ruth's Chris instead.
4	It's been awhile since I've dined here.  I took my ex boyfriend to Morton's for his 30th birthday, and then we went to Cheerleaders.  This is what happens when you tell your boyfriend you will go WHEREVER HE WANTS for his 30th birthday, and follow it up with, "SERIOUSLY, WHEREVER YOU WANT."  : |Mortons was by far my favorite, and LEAST EXPENSIVE part of the evening.  Seriously.So the steak was painfully good.  Like, really good.  We had the filet.  However, what blew my mind was the potatoes.  And the steamed broccoli.  Oh it was soo good.  When we got home that evening, I was like, "Joe, those potatoes were awesome!" and he was like, "What potatoes?"  : |The service was excellent.  I keep meaning to come back here, but I never do.  I think next time I come back I'll make sure I'm not the one paying though, it's $$$ but who goes out for discount steaks?
5	Wow, they know how to cook a steak!I took my husband for our anniversary and he was practically giggling every time he took a bite of his Porterhouse because he thought it was so good!We will be back
5	Came here with my family for my fathers birthday. This place had it right from the start. Amazing menu. I had a porterhouse with lobster tail (same thing my father got) and we were both pleased! The staff was very very good and helpful. Everything we got to eat that night was 5 stars and exceeded all expectations. Cannot wait to go back!
