4	Some times taking a chance on a restaurant with an empty parking lot pays off. Take this morning, for example: we found ourselves with an open time slot and Robert M asked what I wanted to do. Let's eat, I responded, and suggested El Mana Restaurant (truth be told, I just said the restaurant at 15th and McDowell, but that's besides the point). After doing a drive-by and confirming this is where I wanted to eat, we pulled in the empty parking lot and entered. We were soon served chips and salsa. Standard chips but great, spicy salsa. I ordered the huevos rancheros and Rob the rojo chilaquiles. Both were served with beans and rice. I thoroughly enjoyed my meal, with the eggs cooked perfectly and the spice level just right. I found Rob's meal to be a touch on the sweet side, but still good. El Mana is a byproduct of La Luz del Mundo House of Prayer, and all proceeds are donated to the construction of their new church. The employees volunteer their time for this cause. I'm already planning a return trip. Plus, they offer free Wi-Fi.
3	I've been meaning to try this place out, since it's in my 'hood, and was pleasantly surprised.I thought I'd try their carne asada, since they're down the block from the wonderful Asadero Toro. Everything was great... the beans, thick and flavorful, the rice spiced deliciously. Grilled onions. A freshly deep fried jalapeno. Smoky hot red salsa.But the beef... left a little something to be desired in texture, though the flavor is great. The portion os huge, but I'd prefer a more traditional flank/skirt than the eye of round or whatever it is they are using. It's a little gristly but not fatty and charred.However - the flavor and cooking were so good that I'll def be back to try a sopa, torta, or for breakfast. I could see writing a 2nd review with 4 stars. The 3 is only because of the cut of beef used for the carne asada. I photographed my food and the menu - uploading shortly.
1	I walk in and saw a lot of lil bugs running around the floor sorry but i turned around and walk back out....fuck all that ....
