5	Vintage guitar and amp aficionados really appreciate this place, but it probably feels alienating to people looking for beginners gear or those used to shopping at Guitar Center. These guys love what they do and love talking to you about guitar equipment. They have a variety of guitars and amps for those looking for something more unique or special than what you find at most stores.I haven't made a big purchase there at this point, but have talked to the owner at length a few times. I botched a pickup replacement on my guitar (I'm a total electronics novice) and was planning to just take it in and pay them to fix it. But instead, they explained to me what I had done wrong and told me to try again. With their advice, I was able to install the new pickups myself without having to pay a tech. Also worth noting, I didn't even buy this gear from them and they helped me fix it.
5	Wow!  Huge selection of guitars, base guitars and amps. I mean huge! A guitar lover's dream. Very friendly and knowledgable staff. I have heard that "Sid" can fix anything. He worked for Good N Loud music for decades before they closed. This store is not easy to find, but call ahead for directions. Newer chain stores in town might be shiny on the surface, but this place is a gem with depth and character.
5	I love this place, you are free to come in, plug in and play.  Greg is more than accommodating and is a human hard drive of info on vintage amps, guitars & pedals. Prices  paid on trades are fair as are the prices for the guitars and amps.  He had a very diverse inventory,  if your looking for a vintage Silvertone he's got it, or an echoplex, got that two, need a '72 Fender Princeton? Bet he has one or two.  Some crap but mostly real cool stuff.I also love the store music system, 70's classic vinyl spinning on an old  stereo.  I think I'll go this weekend and see if he's got a Rickenbacker in stock.No Bullshit sales lines, no pressure, just the straight skinny!  No ripoffs. Try it you'll like.  You won't be made to feel like a steaming dog turd like at Spruce Tree Music.
