4	Island Grocery and Carribean Restaurant is small in size but very well stocked with all the Carribbean Food Provisions most people would need, and it is a great place to get a cooked meal as well.  I ordered a small oxtail plate with rice n peas and cabbage and 2 codfish fritters to go and was very satisfied with my meal.  It was hot , fresh and authentically prepared.  Their prices on hot meals are subject to change without notice, depending on what they have in stock, so ask before you order.  But the food is great.  I will definitely go back and try their other dishes. And for all my carribean product needs.
5	They have a Caribbean grocery store with a peculiar selection of herbal remedies. That is not what I went there for. The main attraction is their restaurant. A friend recommended the jerk chicken, and he warned me that I wouldn't be able to finish my plate in one sitting. Challenge accepted, I set out on my own personal Man vs Food bout. Long story short, the food won by a knockout. Best guess is that in a large plate they serve about 1.5 lbs of food and for under $10! But this isn't food you could easily replicate at home, their jerk chicken is perfectly seasoned. Enough heat to make you sweat, but not so much that it numbs you. The sides are all solid too, and so are their beef patties. If you're in the area, treat yourself and get a Ting soda, you won't be disappointed.
4	My boyfriend has been wanting to bring me here for a while so I was very excited to give this place a try.The grocery part of the store has a great selection of Caribbean food, seasonings and drinks. But the most exciting part to this store is the restaurant. Which offers a huge variety of Caribbean food that they prepare fresh daily. They have everything here from jerk chicken and oxtails to chicken and beef patties. I let my boyfriend chose our meal and as previous reviews have mentioned the portion sizes here are huge! So you are safe to order something and share it with a friend or two! We we shared an order of stew chicken, rice and peas, veggies and of course a chicken and beef patty.The stew chicken was soooo tender and full of flavor! Mixed with the rice and peas and veggies it was absolutely delicious!!! And those patties were outstanding! I only tried the chicken but it was huge and so packed with filling and flavor, all I can really say is Yum...Yum!!! Highly recommended!I definitely recommend this place but just make sure you are hungry when you go!
4	The best goat roti in Charlotte!
2	I was really looking forward to this place, bc I love Jamaican food and finally found a place near my place. It's in the middle of a strip mall by the interception of albermale and central ave. they have a lil grocery inside and good price lunch special. However, I was not impressed by the food at all.the chicken is super dried!!!!! I was the first customer, bc I called in my food at 9:45am, and they open at 10am. Somehow i feel like they have served chicken from the day before. I mean the jerk chicken flavor is good but the texture is just not good! The filling in the patties are groovy, and there's no meat taste at all. I do want to go back and give it another try before I give up on this place
