5	Where do I start. Okay, I love this QuikTrip - how's that for starters. The employees here are SO friendly and while I can honestly say that every QuikTrip I have been to is friendly, this one beats them all. Employees get my door, wish me a great day and they always say "see ya again soon!" I walk in and feel like I have friends - oh and another thing, they are super quick checking people out and multitasking. Plus their gas is either the cheapest or close enough to pay a little extra for the quality of people. I love knowing my money is going towards such friendly people.
3	Quick trip is clean and has a great fountain drink selection. Individual bananas are pretty pricey at $.59 a pop vs. fresh and easy's $.19 per. They also sell cups of doughnut holes. Why a cup of doughnuts you ask? It fits in the center console and can be eaten easily - WHILE DRIVING HAHAHA. This way you feel as though you're getting away with something and thus the doughnut holes are that much more satisfying, nay, rewarding.So far as the gas is concerned these guys don't charge you a $.45 premium for using a card. A plus IMHO.
5	I know there's not a Quiktrip on every corner like some other places, but do yourself a favor and drive a little further sometimes. They're huge, super clean, with large selections, actually some fresh food, and employees who don't appear bused in from the nearest plasma and/or meth clinic. There are usually two people behind the counter, but if there's one s/he rotates back and forth between the two check-out registers to keep the line moving as quickly as possible. Plus a great gas rewards program...Little things in life can affect the entire trajectory of your day - so I prefer to get gas and sundries from a place that doesn't force me to fight my way through panhandlers to get inside, nor make me run to the shower the moment I get home. I'm looking at you every last Circle K and AM/PM I've ever patronized...
5	I get an italian sub from here practically every day, they're awesome. So are their southwest chicken salad wraps and their cucumber chicken wraps with caesar dressing. And, the chicken salad croiisant sandwiches, though it seems those were just a test run cuz I only saw them for a week or 2. 5 bucks for one of those, a drink and some chips, a good deal and a quick healthy lunch, nothing wrong with that!
5	This QT - like all QT's - Is fast, clean, well stocked, and BUSY AS ALL HELL!  How they keep up is beyond me.  Staff is SUPER NICE and very attentive!  Yay QT!
5	The benchmark for convience stores. Well trained employees. Clean stores, restrooms and fountain drink islands. Gas was typically competetively priced.
5	its HOTin the valley in the summer time and QT lives up to its name- ONE STOP DRINK SHOP! HEAVEN in the summer time and the price is unbeatable!
5	This place is a total lifesaver.  Always superclean.  The service is fast, polite and professional.  I literally stop in for gas and a cold drink every day.  THE BEST !!
5	Use to stop by for the cheaper gas, fell in love with soda fountain!
4	Clean and seems to be in a pretty safe neighborhood.
5	The drink selection here is the best ON EARTH!I love the iced cappuccinos.Every time I'm near QT, I stop in to get a drink.
5	My ritual every morning is to get their columbian coffee with chocolate and nature valley's salty and sweet peanuts snack bar from this place. They have the fastest service ever as they kept the line going and nobody has to wait more than 5 minutes to pay. The friendliest customer service! Woh!
4	I passed by this Quik Trip many times without going inside. I normally don't even have a car, why would I want to buy food at a gas station, I thought?Then I stopped in one day. Boy, was I surprised. First of all, this Quik Trip store is big, clean and orderly.And they have the best drink selection anywhere at good prices. Believe me, this is very important in the desert of Arizona where the temperature can be 48 Celsius in the summer. I usually just buy an Extra Large Unsweetened Iced Tea with plenty of ice, which is huge and only costs $1.29. Then you can get a refill using the same cup for even less money. They also have Mango Ice Tea, sweetened or unsweetened, plus tons of other drinks.Tip: Always get unsweetened ice tea because sugar is very, very bad for you. That's what Jack LaLane said and he lived to 97 and was still performing feats of strength when he was 80!And they also have excellent grilled food. You can get a good-sized hotdog or county sausage, 2 for $2.22. There all all kinds of fixings like sauerkraut, tomatoes, onions, etc. Where else can you get a tasty lunch for under $3?I also buy basics like gallon of whole milk for $3.59 or maybe a dozen eggs.So I am not ashamed to admit I was wrong about gas station convenience stores. Quik Trip provides excellent value for consumers.
1	Very rude cashier named Angela, I believe. Dark hair, glasses, sour face. My daughter, an ASU, student was short-changed $15. Angela  kept giving us the run-around about getting our money back.  In the end, we never did. So we stopped going to this QT.  That's a shame because we were going here twice a day on our way to and from ASU. We still love QT--just not the girl at this location. Hopefully she's gone by now..
3	I love QT for their quick service though this one isn't so quick.  It is always busy, not enough workers & they always run out of iced green tea.  Also, I saw kiss touching the roller food and not buy it.  Gross.  I will always go to a QT first but this one I will stay away from.
