5	This is the park to go if you LOVE outdoor activities. You can do it all here, from soccer to tennis. All that's missing is a basketball hoop and you have yourself a fully equipped outdoors gym. And during Sundays there is a sea of people on Mount-Royal that are taking some vitamin D. Jeanne-Mance park is the ideal kick-it spot for everyone.
4	The original picnic park, we used to meet here along the Esplanade side between the tennis courts and the soccer field where you could sit at picnic tables, bring a bbq and cooler and enjoy the brief warmer summer evenings. People who live in the beautiful brightly-coloured old stone homes that line the park bring out tablecloths and cutlery and lamps and paper decorations for next level outdoor eating. The lower part of the park has the beach volleyball courts, and the west side of the park is where the "mountain" begins... but that's a whole other Yelp review.
4	This park is full of life because it serves the needs of many different kids of people. On the evening I arrive, people are drumming near the statues overlooking the park. Mostly young people grooving on the beat, their own dancing, or just the pleasure of spontaneous music and crowds.The park is a perfect model of integrating passive (lying in the sun, enjoying a picnic, smooching) and active (soccer, football tossing, cycling) recreation. The are also spaces for practical functions, such as community composting.Encouraging passive recreation is especially important in an area dominated by apartments and flats; enjoying Nature without an activity in mind is just what a crowded downtown area needs lots of. Many things illegal in parks are tolerated. The fragrance of marijuana is commonplace. So are fruit ke bobs, from vendors who are chased out of most  public parks.I would say that if pot is tolerated (as it should be in moderation), the same should go for vending of healthy foods and beverages -- an argument I make in my e-book Food for City Building.Parks such as this are ideal places to support healthy food artisans who enhance the multiple functions of a dynamic urban people park.
