5	Shea Village Lanes ROCKS!  The staff is super nice and the alley is clean.  I mean that is really all you can ask for with bowling alleys.  I have never had the food at this one so I can't comment on that.  But I have used the ladies restroom and it was tidy, big plus in my book.  It's been sort of  updated.  Bowling alleys will always be a bit behind in the modern look but I like it that way to tell you the truth.Shea Village is kinda hidden on the NW corner of Shea & 32nd St.  You won't see the building right away but you will see the sign, so look for that.   And have Fun!
4	Cosmic bowling after 10? Yes. Bowling shoes, two hours of bowling and a pizza for $14.99? Yes. An arcade that includes an air hockey table? Yes. A full bar with buckets of beer (mix and match) for decent pricing? Yes. So is this a perfect weekend night activity? Absolutely! The Valley doesn't have many bowling alleys which I find odd, but the ones they have vary. This bowling alley is a good one because it's a little off the beaten path which means you can actually call and reserve a lane at 6:00 PM on a Saturday night for 7:45 PM. The bowling alley is full of hs students, couples and families. It's not shady here and they keep it clean and up-to-date.
5	Did you wake up naked in the driveway again this morning?I know...happens to me a lot too.Your wife warned you about this,  and now she's talking divorce.What do you do?The only logical thing you can do at this point, that is if you want to save your marriage....tell her you're signing up for Alcoholics Anonymous.Only you don't actually sign up for AA, you just tell her that.What you do instead is sign up for the Tuesday night men's bowling league at AMF.I know, perfect...right?Same night as the AA meetings.And, the same duration, 35 weeks. Just remember to take off your "Marauders" bowling team shirt afterward, eat a bag of popcorn to cover the beer breath, and don't get duped into answering any questions  calling for a three or more syllable word in the response when she asks about the meeting. It's those pesky word slurs that'll get you nailed.Well, that and waking up naked in the driveway. One more thing.You'll need to memorize that whole twelve step thing, randomly blurting them out over the next 9 months. She'll get sick of hearing about them, and stop asking so many damned questions.This will really throw her off the trail. You're on the road to recovery my friend...a changed man, and all thanks to AMF!
