5	I love this little place and I swear its not because I know the women who run the store. I love it for the celebration of wine that they continually bring to their little space in the Kierland Commons. They bring an everyday-type of approachability to wine that is currently lost in the fashion-forwardness of wine. Wine, in the last couple/few years, has become a sexy and fashionable commodity.Kathy and Pat have continue to add events to their calendar that keep people walking into their store, forcing their consumer to browse wines based on broad term flavor profiles (Sweet, Bold, Mellow, etc...). Which is a perfect way to approach wine - because not many people know how to describe a wine, they just know what they like when they taste it. What an ingenious way to target your consumer; make it simple. Take the guess work out of it and provide small production/boutique wines a large demographic that is just starting to realize how much fun wine can be and provide your customer base with wine offerings that are not available at Cosco, Cost Plus or even Sportsman's (by the way I love and support all those retailers). Bacchus is committed to providing something special and unique, yet unpretentiously, everyday of the week.Cheers.
5	This was the cutest wine store!  I loved it.I went there for an event, so I really was pleasantly surprised at the atmosphere of the store.  (I thought it was going to be more of a restaurant...I obviously know NOTHING!)  The wine was great, the staff was very friendly, and I just thought the place was cute.  Cute Cute Cute.I also love the t-shirts that were available for sale..."Women Taste Better"  I love it!
4	I was meeting an out-of-town friend that I hadn't seen in 20 years at Kierland for dinner last Thursday and, since we hadn't decided exactly where we would dine at that evening, I suggested we meet at Bacchus for a wine appetizer and restaurant negotiations. I was one of three other patrons when I walked in around 6 p.m. They were setting up for Bunco night, evidently. The gentleman at the counter was friendly and helpful. He suggested a pinot and gave me a taste, when I asked for something a little more complex he came through with an excellent suggestion which I thoroughly enjoyed.As my friend and I sat to catch up and nibbled on the mixed nuts that were delivered to our table, I expected to see a bunch of old ladies file in for Bunco (http://www.buncorules.com/rules.html)... turns out, this is where pretty young women who like bunco hang out! And, when I went to close out my tab I discovered a likely contributing factor: Thursday night is ladies night at Bacchus -- 2 for 1 glasses of wine or 10% off a bottle of wine ( & no corkage fee). They also offer Wednesday night wine tastings and other events, which I plan to check out sometime... http://www.bacchusaz.com/events/
4	I went back for the Wednesday night wine class and had the pleasure of enjoying the company of Donald S. and the Beautiful Carin for my visit. This event is informative and fun for singles, couples or small groups. $15 per person gets you generous pours, a bottle of water (to cleanse your palate) and a meat and cheese tray for the table. Everyone tastes each wine at the same time and each wine is introduced by the distributor/representative who explains the terroir, process distinctions or  trivia about the wine maker.  A great opportunity to learn what you like and don't like about wine, but not pretentious. We were able to enjoy short conversations in between explanations. Reservations are strongly suggested but can be made the day before the event, depending on the size of your group.
4	The Beautiful Carin and I met the adorable Christina P. for a wine tasting event at Bacchus a couple of weeks ago and we had a wonderful evening out (I know, I just wrote "a couple of weeks ago"...I'm late in getting this written...in my defense, and as anyone who has read any of my reviews will tell you, writing these reviews isn't my day job:)Christina had tickets for a Pinot tasting event at Bacchus and neither Carin nor I had been in there before (walked by enough times, I don't know why we didn't stop in). It was good chance to try it out with a friend.It was really a nice event, made nicer  by the chance to get to know Christina P. better and share a little wine and some nibbles.While we just sampled a selection of Pinot's (the Adelsheim Vineyards Pinot was the best, IMHO...Go Oregon Pinot's! :), Bacchus has a strong selection and really good prices! We talked to the owners a little bit and they are certainly aware of the recession and have adjusted their pricing and emphasis accordingly.In addition to the wines, Bacchus provided a selection nuts, chips, sausages and cheeses to compliment the wine (it was real treat being with Christina...she really knows her wines and what makes them tick...she also really knows how to assess how a wine will pair up with a given food...it was really fun to learn some of these things:)We added another plate of cheeses and meats (we were hungry:), including a truly delightful and hearty sharp white cheddar...I could have made a meal of that cheese...actually, maybe I did...I don't remember Christina or Carin getting much of the cheese!After the tasting, we wandered over to the Cheesecake Factory and finished off the evening with cheesecake and cobbler. Wine, cheese and cheesecake...does it really get any better? :)
5	Great wine store/bar.  I have been to several of their wine tastings, and I always enjoy myself.  Cute merchandise, great wine selections.  Very comfortable place.
4	my favorite girls and i gathered here to begin my bachelorette party with a private wine tasting. we sat at the large kitchen table in bacchus, which was thoughtfully prepared with linens, snacks, flowers and more wine glasses than i knew what do do with. i loved that they didn't just give us a brief description and tell us to drink we also had a sheet of paper and a pen to take notes. it was a great take home so i would remember what i loved and why i loved it. suffice it to say our memories were less than stellar by the time we left.bacchus is a comfy place. i felt like our leader was extremely knowledgeable about wines. she answered our questions and suggested which snacks to pair them with. the tasting was really interactive, and the perfect place for 12 girls that all know me, but don't all know each other to start the evening.
5	http://www.digdeeppeople.com Great night out for our networking group and they were great hosts and the wine was very good and affordable.  Especially comparing to the bars in the area!
