5	I just discovered this place today.  It is downstairs from my hairdresser - Preston.  I will definitely go back, and more often than I get a haircut!  I bought tilefish today and was given an absolutely incredible recipe.  I also bought a few scallops to prepare as an appetizer.  Wow!  Dinner tonight was wonderful.  If you want REALLY fresh fish and instructions on how to prepare it, you must try this place.
4	Strolling along Selwyn and my husband and I stumbled upon Clean Catch. It's located in the new retail/restaurant area below the new condos, Tranquil Court, and across from Selwyn Pub and Yoforia. Great location and a great addition to the area. You can park in the back and they have an entrance from the street and from the back parking lot. You pick. When we entered, we were greeted by two guys, who I assume are the owners. They were very friendly and busy! It didn't look like they were fully open, since their wine racks were half full and their menu wasn't filled in, but there were already a few customers ordering. I enjoyed the specialty store feel and the one-on-one service. I didn't buy anything since I was just walking along and didn't have my purse; however, one of these days I'll plan on getting something here. Plan to pay a pretty penny, aka bring your credit card, because it is pricey...but from the looks of it, it is high quality.
5	my wife mentioned the new place the other night as we were driving by. i just stopped there today and met the owner, a real nice guy. i mentioned to him how I like to eat my fish raw off the counter at home and he sliced me off a piece of Walu ( white tuna) GREAT STUFF. The fish is extremely fresh, the board behind the counter explains type, method caught and location. This place is my new SUSHI supply and fish candy store!!!
5	Finally a fresh fish market I can relate to in Charlotte. I had the Opakupaku and some wild tuna loin sashimi from there for dinner last night and both were excellent. Plan on having the black grouper I got there tonight. Thank you Graham and company for this extraordinary fish find in Charlotte & thank you for the great cooking tips on how to cook the Opakupaku. It was delicious!!! Can't wait to pick up the Kumamoto Oysters I ordered next week! I only wish I found this place sooner...
5	Clean Catch Fish Market is a Gem!  It's like no other fish market.  The fish is totally the best ever.  Last night I had the sole.  It was exquisite.   I came from a coastal area where I had fresh fish a couple times a week.  This is equally fresh caught.  They have such choices, it was so wonderful.   Tonight I'm having Trigger Fish and some unusual Snapper.  There is nothing to beat this store.  Please try it out.
4	Great place with a great mission: sustainable seafood.True it's more expensive than the HT (the interior reminds you more of a boutique fashion shop than a fish store), but it's about the same as going to Whole Foods or Fresh market, and you get top quality and freshness.  I got some scallops here recently and cooked them up for the best scallop meal I've ever had, no doubt.When I was there they had Beaufort Oysters as well.Very friendly service.
4	another simple review: (i'd like to give 4.5 stars)best (only) place to get fresh fish of many varieties in charlottereasonable pricingnice servicehours are a little skimpy and being closed on monday me dont likei bought some trigger fish, oysters and shrimp for din last night and turned them into an epic meal.  the fish was near perfect (just a few bones but no biggie there), oysters were amazing and the shrimp were perfect... i cooked a meal that would have cost $100 easy at a resty that could have made it this good and we paid a third for the kid to cook it....no brainer for me.i plan to get fish from here several times a week moving forward.great job clean catch, you guys are a much needed shop in the queen city
5	Sashimi. Environmentally friendly everything. Expert staff (and cuties, too, ladies!)Go here, buy their fish! It's absolutely the freshest you will be able to find anywhere in Charlotte without a fishing pole attached. I cannot sing the praises of their delicious fish any louder. If you're a fan of seafood and don't mind paying for quality, this is the place for you.
3	I, too, have diligently sought  sustainable fish in our area.  Now, however, I am confused.QUERY:  Reviews mention tilefish, red snapper, and sole among others--all of which are listed on the Monterey Bay Seafood Watch to avoid.  Hats off to Clean Catch on so many fronts; but it's disappointing to know  threatened fish are also offered.  Deduct 2 stars.  (We will continue to buy only unthreatened species and appreciate the opportunity to have that choice locally.)
1	Their product gets 5 stars and you definitely pay top dollar for it but it's great. Overall normal day service gets 2 stars as they are generally slow as hell. Today however gets 1 star.  0 or perhaps -1 if it were possible.I drive here all the way from Huntersville and don't mind the drive or their prices because the seafood is fresh. But I always call ahead to make sure what I want is in cause its quite a haul. No different today. Been wanting to make some chowder so called ahead and reserved 2 dozen cherrystone clams. "Do you have them? Yes, absolutely. Ok I'll see you in about 45 minutes." I get there, get ignored at the register for a few minutes and when finally helped. The woman looks at my order ticket, goes back to the back for 3 or 4 minutes and then comes back with an "it will be a minute". Ok. So my call ahead order isn't already ready. That sucks but I'll wait. Literally 10 minutes later, after they see me still standing by the register, one of the guys tells her to go back and "do a count of the clams". 3 minutes later she comes back and says something to the guy. Another 3 minutes go by and he goes to the back. Thank goodness he only took another 45 seconds to come back and tell me   "we oversold and have zero clams". No "I'm sorry." just a "well someone gave you bad information when you called".  You have to be kidding me. As Seinfeld told the rental car company. "You know how to TAKE the reservation you just don't know how to KEEP the reservation... What would have been great service recovery?  "I'm so sorry, how about a half dozen dry pack scallops on the house." Or, "Here's 5 bucks for gas or something, anything...!  Even half an effort like that would have kept me loyal. Instead... It's been nice knowing you Clean Catch.
5	Clean Catch Fish Market is a special place located on Selwyn Avenue in Tranquil Court. The name says what it is--but you do have to go inside to understand just what makes this place a true gem in Charlotte. This one of a kind fish market boasts fresh seafood and the customer service was supreme. I came on a slooowww day, Sunday, but picked up a crabcake. Being from the Baltimore area, I was a skeptic. Let me just say, it was the best crabcake I have had in Charlotte...and it ranks pretty high overall too. Clean Catch Fish Market is the place a chef (amateur or professional) would go to pick up the best oysters (or whatever fishy delight you choose) to prepare a gourmet dinner.
3	Overall the quality and freshness are not matched in by anywhere else in Charlotte. This is truly the only place to get sustainable sources of wild-line caught fish. Unfortunately there are a few things about this place that really irk me as a customer: 1.) The cooler is never fully stocked. Selection is very limited. 2.) The few fish in the cooler are never labled. I know the difference between tuna and halbut, but some people may not. Also there is never a price listed. I dont mind paying 23.99 for the quality, but I shouldnt have to ask what everything is and also how much it is.Unfortunately, I have to deal with this because as of the moment it is the only place of its kind in Charlotte. Increase selection and service and I would come here 4 times a week.
5	If there was a category CL's Best of Charlotte issue for "fish," Clean Catch would win hands down.  As far as I can tell there is really no competition.  The old adage, "you get what you pay for" holds true here, so be prepared to pay for your seafood.  Sure, you can save some money by buying your swordfish steaks at Harris Teeter, but how long have they been sitting there?  If you don't mind a piece of fish that is discolored and tough, go ahead and save a bit of money.  But if you want the freshest, most beautiful piece of fish in town, you should shop at Clean Catch Fish Market.I visited for the second time yesterday and purchased about 14 ounces of marvelously pink sashimi-grade salmon and about 6 ounces of kajiki (blue marlin) that we turned into a beautiful tartare.
5	This fish market is truly amazing!The name of the market is perfect for the quality of fish they sell! It is a true gem of a fresh fish market, and we are so fortunate to have it in Charlotte.
3	I would really love to give this place at least 4 stars, but the customer service was pretty awful when I went.  Granted it was Valentine's so my guess is they were busy as heck earlier in the day and had run out of most of the product.  When I walked in, no one acknowledged us and it wasn't clear where we should wait, so we sauntered to what kind of looked like a line.  People were just standing around and no one was offering to see if what they wanted was in stock or to even acknowledge their presence.  Most of those in line in front of us waiting for at least 10/15 minutes, only to be told they did not have what they were looking for.  Thankfully, we just needed some mussels, which they still had and were already cleaned and debearded (a HUGE convenience!).  Plus when we finally ate them, no sand!.  Also, you can text in an order ahead of time to come pick up (But you'll probably still have to wait).Overall, it is a GREAT concept (sustainable, fresh fish!), and I am really glad this place exists.  I plan on coming back again, but they could really work on the customer service piece...a little more communication could go a long way.
5	Just wanted to recommend Clean Catch Fish Market in the Selwyn area to anyone that isn't aware of it. I hosted a seafood boil on Saturday and I can't say enough about the experience with Clean Catch. Bill from Clean Catch was wonderful from start to finish and the seafood was out of this world. I love seafood and I'm pretty sure that I've been ruined for buying it- ESPECIALLY SHRIMP- from anywhere else. We had shrimp, clams, crawfish, mussels and Andouille sausage-(Oh, my, the sausage was incredible.) Everything tasted and smelled so fresh and everyone thought everything was delicious. I had several people say that the shrimp was the best they'd ever had. It was so nice to buy clams and mussels and not have half of the shells cracked or damaged. I stopped buying shellfish here in CLT because so much of it had to be thrown out because of damaged shells! I thought the prices were very competitive especially considering the obvious quality of the fish. So nice to (finally) have a great fish market in the Charlotte area!
5	Charlotte's freshest fish. I willingly drive 1/2 hour cross town for it! I've seen my kids (8 and 5 year old) scarf down grouper, salmon, mahi, etc.
4	Got a chance to visit yesterday, after many many times of reading their offerings. Fish looked fresh in the case, they received a grade of 101.5 for a fish market which is Fabulous!!!! They were really nice and patient with me, since I was asking alot of questions. Overall I would definitely recommend this place to anyone. FYI: It is pricey but they get fresh Fish flown in everyday which you cannot beat with a stick.
4	Just went here once, bought a whole fish for $15. Haven't have a chance to go back, but I thoguht the price was totally worth it. The fish I bough was very very fresh. Love it!
5	After hearing about Clean Catch from a friend, I decided to check it out. And, all I can say is this is what Charlotte needed.  Since my first visit, I have continued to visit Clean Catch on a weekly basis.  Not only is the store amazingly clean, the customer service is tremendous, their recommendations deem true, and the fish....AMAZING. I have tried everything from the halibut and mahi to the lobster and fish tacos. All have met my expectations.  The one key thing that I love is the owner's interest in telling me his recommendations and cooking methods, which all make a perfect menu.  I wish ALL would check Clean Catch out, you will not be disappointed!
4	I've been to Clean Catch many times.  I signed up for their daily catch list on Facebook and have to restrain myself from texting in my order and racing over their to pick it up.  I say this because I'd be SLAP BROKE if I ate there regularly as much as I want to....but I have diapers to buy you know?  We go every so often and enjoy the crab cakes which are chock full of crab meat and little filler.  I like that a chef owns the place and their recipe suggestions are always spot on.  Everyone always asks for 2 things in Charlotte 1) a Fish Market 2) a GOOD Butcher Shop.  Clean Catch is where I tell everyone to go for fresh fish and a good variety.
4	I had been craving sea bass and wanted to prepare it myself.  None of the grocery stores carried it (HT, The Home Economist) I just couldn't find it.  So I searched the internet and saw Yelp reviews on Clean Catch.  They really mean those dollar signs:  but it was delicious.  :-)  I am happy with my splurge and can't wait to try the crab cake treat I purchased for dinner tomorrow.
5	In follow-up to my previous review, I could not ignore today's experience.  After walking in around 11:30, I was not only greeted by the owner, Bill, but the butchr came out and discussed the cuts available for the day with me. After hearing everything, I chose te Nairagi, an Hawaiian striped marlin.  They recommened a cookng method and I enjoyed it this evening.  Thank you Bill, and your staff! You are a welcome treat to Charlotte.
5	"Clean catch" is a very appropriate name, "clean" is one of the first things you'll notice when walking in.  The fish is hands-down the freshest and best you can get in Charlotte, and you don't have to feel guilty because they only buy from sustainable sources.  Again, this is the best, freshest fish you can get in Charlotte.
4	Great selection of salt water fish. Can order for specific needs. Prices are great for the area. Stop in and check them out! The owner was very friendly and informative. I'm sure they can answer all your questions and if not find you the answer.
5	These guys know their stuff and they prove the statement, "You get what you pay for"Most amazing scallops ever.  I am a Johnson and Wales trained chef with over 30 years in the kitchen.  Clean catch has it down.  Right source(s) and right relationships and you get what is there, everyday.Run, don't walk when you head to Clean Catch.
5	Great place. Clean and beautiful seafood however today was my first day in there. I paid $33 per pound for American Red Snapper. That was alot more than I expected to pay. Is this alot to anyone else. Please advise.
5	This is the best seafood market in Charlotte, hands down.  Super clean environment, super fresh fish, super friendly service.  While it's true that the prices are high, you are getting what you pay for in my opinion.  Follow them on Facebook because they are always posting a link to their blog.  They'll throw out ideas for recipes and what's arriving fresh that day.  I love skimming through it whenever I see a new post!  It's the best way to keep abreast of what's fresh off the boat.  The last time I was there, they had a wine rep giving out samples.  I found a nice Chardonnay that paired great with my triggerfish!  I love supporting these guys, check them out!
2	Yes, you get what you pay for, but it is SUPER expensive. A bizarre practice is that they never have any prices on display by the fish, on the board, nor their mailing list and it is for a reason - people would just walk off with sticker shock the minute they walk through the door.   It is not rare to pay $35-$40 for a lbs of fish.  The fish is super fresh and they do bring hard-to-find items but be ready to pay up. This is one of the rare places where you will end up paying more cooking at home that if you were to go out to a restaurant.  This is a nice location so I imagine their rent is uber-expensitve. Still, if you don't feel like paying more for the piece of fish than your bottle of wine, you may want to try Whole Foods down the road (yes, it is cheaper).
5	I had a groupon for Clean Catch that brought me down here, but I had been wanting to try this place since it opened.  I am really kicking myself that I waited so long.  It was a little confusing walking in, because they have a big board with several dozen fish and shellfish options while there was only 8 to 10 options in the display case.  It was explained to me that the board represents all the product that they may have on any given day depending on availability.On this day, the black grouper was calling my name, and the wife & I decided to get a crab cake to split with our fish.  They offered us some remoulade sauce for our crab cake and we took them up on the offer.  They also have instructions on how best to cook the crab cake.Both the fish and crab cake were delicious once cooked at home.  I would like to think that I did a good job with both.  They definitely have the best fish that I have bought in Charlotte.  It is on the pricey side, but the quality is there and I would not hesitate to return here.
4	Clean Catch has a lot going for it, knowledgeable/ friendly staff, a really fresh seafood selection, and even some special ad-on's available like flavored oils, smoked woods, and seasonings. Where they miss the mark for me is that for the price I could go to a fairly nice restaurant and actually forgo the cooking and preparation all-together. Yes, you get what you pay for but I have to say as long as I am paying I may as well have someone else do all the work!  I will say the tuna and tiger shrimp we purchased to make sushi with tasted great, however it's not a place we could go on a regular basis.
5	Best, freshest fish available! I frequently buy the fish for my own homemade sushi and the quality is unmatched anywhere in the South due solely to the ingredients. I also agree with the post about the quality of the scallops! I can't wait for the lobster salad w/ creme fraiche to return...it is one of the most heavenly things I've ever put in my mouth and relatively healthy too! All of the staff are extremely helpful with explaining how to cook fish too if you are interested in trying something new. This place is a real asset to Charlotte cuisine!
5	You gotta pay for top quality seafood.Everything is pretty expensive compared to your local mega-mart, but its worth it.  The King salmon they have all the time for $22/lb is 100% worth it.  Better serve this sashimi grade fish medium though at most IMO.  AWESOME for ceviche as well as sushi.  As far as other things go, they normally don't have bluefin tuna, which is my favorite, but there is always something worth buying.Softshell crab season is come soon!
5	Here are things I enjoy in life: Seafood. Doing everything with more effort, expense, and panache than most people would. Cooking and entertaining. As such, when the weather warmed up and it came time to bust open the barrel smoker on my deck and put together the first little cookout of summer, I had no other place in mind to find my delectable grillables than at clean catch. With a shop that is always meticulously polished and lit with a comforting cleanliness and sterility, the moment you walk in the door of Clean Catch you realize you're a few steps above your average fishmonger. As I stood, silently salivating, in front of the long crystal-clear glass of the central counter, I swooned. You can always count on Clean Catch to have certain fish staples, but the real charm of the shop is the exciting revolving nature of the more extraordinary sea-creatures that they get in fresh daily. On this particular occasion, I was faced with deciding between huge filets of dripping sunset-orange salmon, a giant blood-red block of sashimi grade Tuna that looked like the severed tongue of a golden oxen idol, a bowl full of huge rock shrimp, or a selection of the some of the largest scallops I've ever seen - seriously, these things were 3" diameter. Ultimately, I went for one of the fatter Salmon filets. The friendly fishmonger deftly and precisely sliced it into four even quarters for me, then abided my wishes for a pound each of the shrimp and scallops. As he was parting, portioning and weighing my selection, my eye was drawn toward a little silver platter of purplish herbed patties at the far corner of the counter. "What's going on here?" I asked. "Oh, those are some Tuna burgers we put together," the handsome, slender sandy-blonde fellow cutting up my salmon replied. I squinted, deliberated, and my cocked my head in such a way as to indicate I wanted to know more. "We just ground those up this morning. They're full of something something and taragon." I was genuinely listening, it's just that the 'something something' was so exotic I didn't know what he was talking about. Didn't need to. I was sold. With two of those burgers added to my order, I was ready to roll. We skewered and grilled the shrimp and scallops, basted liberally with olive oil and lightly seasoned with sea salt and fresh cracked pepper. The shrimp were easily amongst the best I've had and I can't conceive of a scallop I've ever come across that was as rich, flaky, juicy, fully flavorful and meaty as the ones I got from Clean Catch on this day. Half-full and wild from that simple first course, we then set upon the grill with cedar planks holding our salmon - encrusted lightly with ground pistachios, oil, and a little honey. Whilst those slowly smoked on the top rack, we tossed on those Tuna burgers. Served up on a rye roll with just a little arugula, red onion, and a healthy smattering of Old Bay seasoned Mayo, those Tuna burgers crushed my tastebuds. From tongue to throat all the way down to belly then back up to my face and then out and all over all the way to my fingers and my toes I just tingled at the fishy flavor of that hot-seared, slightly raw tuna falling apart in my mouth. Then, after a few drinks and the sun set behind the horizon, we turned on the party lights up in the pergola, tuned down the outdoor speakers, and fetched the cedar planks from the grill. I didn't think my mouth had any moisture left to water, but that salmon drew from me every last drop. Fat pink flakes sliding off with each delicate wick of my fork, hot pistachio and honey dribbling down each bite, matching the smoked richness of the delicious fish. It all just worked. I can't not go to Clean Catch for all my fishy needs now. I've been ruined for the Harris Teeter fish counter forever.
4	I was looking for a local fish market that would hopefully pull me away from regular grocery seafood counters and get me in front of some seafood I could actually say came from the sea and not some farm in who knows where.I found Clean Catch through Yelp, searching for 'Fish Markets'. I can say I was not disappointed. When you walk in, the place delicately screams 'clean', 'simple', 'fresh'.This is not where fish go to become placed in a plastic wrapped package, and to be sat out for lord knows how long, or frozen and tossed together in an air tight bag. This is where fish heaven must be right? Only the best are chosen daily to be brought to Clean Catch. Only the best are freshly cut to order in front of your eyes. Only the best fish get this treatment.Clean Catch makes it easy for you, with their knowledgeable staff, picking out a fish or other sea creature is a sinch, and asking for cooking instructions is a breeze. They even offer freshly made pairings to make it easier for you to dress your fish or have a side dish.As mentioned before the fish is pricey, but you get what you pay for! Quality service, and quality fish. I purchased two 7-8oz pieces of Halibut (aprox $34) and got cooking instructions from the employees. It was SOOOO GOOD. Flaky, moist, tender, melt in your mouth delicious. I will be back!Side Note: Sign up for their email newsletter to find out what they will have daily in the case, and recipe ideas!
5	This place is nothing short of amazing! We purchased scallops, crab cakes, shrimp, shellfish and my husband picked out a few white fish that I don't even remember the name of. He raved about how good it was. Now, this place is expensive and you will pay for it but it's the freshest seafood place in town!
5	Every city needs a fish market. I just found mine. Bill, whom I had the pleasure to meet last night, owns this spot and it's a gem to the city. He's incredibly knowledgeable about all his offerings and exudes joy that's contagious about his profession. The selection is perhaps the best I've seen away from any shore and as fresh as you could find within a 100 mile radius. I ordered the Halibut and Crab Cakes last evening and they were impeccably delicate. If every city and every man needs a fish market, then this guy just found his in his city.
2	I'm actually surprised by all of the 5 star reviews.  Yes, they have fresh seafood... but it is GROSSLY overpriced.  And if you do a little research, not all that they serve is sustainable.  I guess though they have a captive audience seeing as how there aren't many other fresh seafood markets in Charlotte.I'm not a fan of the huge board listing all the fish with NO prices indicated.  The fish in the display isn't labeled either.  Granted, i mostly know what i'm looking at but it's nice to not feel like an idiot when looking at random pieces of fish.  The service is also just weird... it's not a super welcoming place.  I didn't find anyone particularly rude... just not overly friendly either.The $50/lb bay scallops i purchased were great and i'm sure the rest of their fish is good as well.  But overpaying for fish doesn't sit well with me so i will not return.
5	Clean Catch Fish Market is BY FAR the best fish market in Charlotte. They have the friendliest staff, and are always most helpful. Yes, they are pricey. The quality of the fish and seafood is well worth it, and not something you can get anywhere else in Charlotte. The market is meticulously clean, and it's awesome to see how the contents of the cases change continuously.The fish comes literally from all over the world, and a lot of it was swimming in the ocean the day before it shows up in the Clean Catch case. They only accept the best fish, and I've heard a number of times of them rejecting shipment due to low quality. They truly care about delivering a high quality product and experience all around and it shows. There is an extremely wide range of fish, and they aggressively go after the best catches by season. I've found the most excellent smoked salmon at Clean Catch - ask for their private reserve rope hung smoked salmon; you'll be spoiled and never want another smoked salmon.If you're a seafood lover - and I am - you will be in heaven. Oyster season brings and amazing selection of fresh oysters on a daily basis. Take them home and shuck away, or they will shuck them for you. Shrimp is always in the case, many different varieties and sizes throughout the year. Their fresh lobster meat is untouchable, shipped right from the docks so you can enjoy your own lobster rolls at home! Another one of my favorites, the Nantucket Bay Scallop, makes an appearance in the winter. These scallops are like little pearls of sweetness. Diver scallops are excellent as well; and the sea scallops are huge. All of their scallops are dry packed. Clams, mussels, soft shelled crabs, huge lobster tails, etc. - an incredible variety of goodness.They also employ chefs, who create great in house specialties on a daily basis. Some of the best I've had: Oysters Rockefeller, Ahi Tuna Burgers, Salmon Burgers, an outstanding Vietnamese Caramel Salmon kit, lots of delicious sauces, I could go on and on. :) Their crab cakes are the best, almost solid crab with very little binder. Chowders and gumbo are excellent - they're always trying something new.Highly recommended if you care about the freshness and quality of the fish and seafood you're eating - Clean Catch is the top. You can also join their daily mailer (http://visitor.r20.constantcontact.com/manage/optin/ea?v=001gChwixbboZaWig3Q3C1nxg%3D%3D), which provides a list of what's in the case for the day and also great recipes for the catch. As they say: Respect the fish.
3	A Most Expensive Fish Market.   Prices are sky high--hovering around $40/lb.   Not for the faint of heart.  Excellent fish, but the prices are crazy.
4	I'm only giving it 4 stars because it is very expensive!  With that being said, it is hands down the best fish I have ever had at home.  The cheapest salmon they had was $20/lb but it was SOOO GOOD! and so fresh!  They even gave it to me in a bag on ice to keep it fresh on the ride home.  The guy was really nice and gave me some ideas on how to cook it.  I barely seasoned the salmon and it was literally the best thing ever.  My fiance hates fish b/c of the "fishy" taste and even without a lot of seasong, this didn't have the "fishy" taste.  he loved it!They also had some interesting marinades but I didn't try them.  I understand that the fish has to be priced higher due to their high quality standards but I thought the price on the marinades was too high.  It was a very small amount of marinade and for the same price or higher as a bottle of marinade would cost in the store.  Regardless of these cons, I would definitely go back.  The fish was THAT delicious!  I will also note that you must cook it correctly for it to be delicious... and the crew at this place gives you lots of pointers if you just ask nicely.
3	The fish selection and quality is superb. However the cost is so high that it is not an option I would consider very frequently. To give you an idea, I bought a single filet of fish that weighed about a pound for over $30. I could understand if it was sushi grade tuna or something, but it was similar to a haddock! For that price, I can get haddock at a nice restaurant already prepared for me with a couple of sides. So, in a pinch, when feeding a small amount of people, I will be back, but no time soon.
5	This is the best fish market I have ever visited. Everything is fresh and simply delicious. The thing that stands out the most is it does not smell. The service is over the top spectacular.  I am a regular however each visit supases the last in excellence in product & service!!!!  Keep up the great work guys & thank you!!!
1	Horrible customer service after the fact. While the product they delivered was top notch, getting in touch with anyone after payment was impossible. They were used to help cater a local event. Once my payment was processed I could not reach one person to help me with questions after the fact. I called and texted numerous times, approx. 7. I received 1 return phone call only to be left a message that basically said they were not sure what else they could do. I would not recommend using their services for another event.
2	Fresh?  Yes.  Sustainable?  No. But the owner talks a good talk about it. The fish is good, but it takes more than being fresh to merit the reputation he's trying to sell.  Extraordinarily high prices (not visible anywhere) would be worth every penny IF the seafood offered was what the owner wants you to believe it is.  See the "MSC" certificate (Marine Stewardship Council Certification) on the wall?  NO, there isn't one.  The owner talks the talk well, but his offerings are not what I paid to have.  Despite all his reasons/excuses for having it, when he sold blue fin tuna once we never returned. (Whole Foods has seafood that's fresh AND certified sustainable.  Check it out.)
5	By far the best ocean fare within a 3 hour drive. I'd rather come here than go to many places on the coast. I am a shell fish and sashimi junkie so I'm right at home here. They love special orders and never charge you for scrap cuts. Only the best portion of your order is what you are charged for.   It doesn't get better than this. Day old Alaskan Snow Crab legs, Blue Fin belly meat, Halibut collars, Monkfish cheeks, and the best crab cakes on earth.  Scallops to die for.  My biggest problem is that I haven't always prepared the food perfectly but that was my fault. The staff is always ready to help if you ask.  They are getting much better at having ready to go dishes and sauces but those are usually on the weekends to keep things at the peak of freshness I guess.  Been a customer for 2 years now and have started budgeting visits as a part of my monthly expenditures.  Pricey, but they have to be. Best around.
5	After more than 3 years I continue to be a weekly, if not more, customer to Clean Catch.  The fish is consistently amazing and over the years they have expanded things, offering a lot more of pre-prepared fish selections that can be heated at home and are outstanding.  Bill and Cain and the rest of the staff are attentive to your preferences, honest about how things taste and recommend amazing ways to cook their daily fish.  I am a fish lover and look forward to their creations and daily deliveries.  Recently I have tried their Tuna Tartare, Tuna Meatballs, Shrimp Enchilades, and so much more, all of which I love. And, I cannot forget to mention their homemade dumplings, from the Dumpling Gang.  A few different varieties but are all amazing.  There is nothing like Clean Catch in Charlotte and I will be a customer for life.  Check them out when you get a chance.
