2	So my friends LOVE this place, but I was pretty much less than impressed with it.  I know it's recently opened, the original is in Chicago. We sat at the bar and I guess it was the bartender's first day (she made a comment about it), and I kinda felt like people were riding her pretty hard, which I didn't understand cause she seemed to be a pretty competent bartender.The non-wine happy hour prices are good.  The wine is $5 a glass for the happy hour price (down from their $7-8 glass), which would be ok if the wine were better, but it was just ok.  I have to say they do give you a really generous pour, I received a full wine glass full of prosecco for my $5.  The food is where they lost me.  I ordered the Jimmy's style bruschetta - it was a pile of tomatoes, kalamata olives, artichoke hearts and mozzarella DROWNED in olive oil, surrounded by bread that wasn't toasted and also coated in olive oil.  The whole thing was way to oily, it would have been better if the bread was toasted, it would have been less squishy.   I also ordered the small antipasto salad.  I was amazed by this salad, it was a mountain with at least a thousand calories of mozzarella and salami... I am usually a HUGE fan of both, but there literally was so much I scooped up a bunch of it and donated it to J's salad before just putting the superfluous stuff on an extra plate.  The other problem was the fact that this salad was SWIMMING in red wine vinegar and olive oil.  It was way too much, it took 4 napkins to soak up the excess dressing.  The pizza tasted like a generic deep dish from any major chain.I'm sure this place will pull itself together.  It's a cute place, and the owners seem pretty nice, but there are a few kinks that need to be straightened out... my advice - ask for less olive oil.
3	I recently ate here and had a decent meal.  I ordered an Italian beef Sandwich.  It was good,  but not as good as some other places Ive tried in the valley for Italian Beef (Luke's is my favorite so far).  The bread they serve before dinner was good, although the waitress forgot to bring it out in a timely manner. Bar area looks nice for a casual drink. Ill stop back here again and will probably try one of their pasta dishes or maybe the thin crust pizza.
5	The food is amazing and the staff is soooo nice! Really cool for fun family nights out. They also have a night life because of their bar - They have karaoke nights (sat. 9pm-12am) and tequila tasting nights, really fun! My favorite dish there is their HOMEMADE Cavatelli with Vodka Sauce - to die for! The first time I tried it, they were catering at an event I was at, now I order it all the time! YUM!
4	Jimmy's is a good "hidden" place to eat.  It isn't exactly hiding, there just isn't much near by except the community college, a few car dealerships and a Little Caesars.The restaurant is very nice, the food is good, the wait staff is personable and rumor has it their Happy Hour is good.  Nothing too out of the ordinary, but a good place to try if in the area.  I'll be back.
5	Super delicous!!!! What more to say??? Great Service
4	We went here last weekend after my son's game (which they lost) with a bunch of the other player/families. It's a great place to go for a large gathering (they have a semi-private area that can be a party room) or even just with the family. The atmosphere is nice and they have enough TVs so that you can probably watch whatever game you're interested in. Service was really good and our large party with 5-6 separate checks didn't confuse the staff - they got everything right.Good Italian food - I can't figure out the pricing structure. The Capri salad I had which was only 4 small pieces was $8. For about the same price my son got a cheeseburger with fries and I also noticed the chicken parm is about the same cost too. Most of their dinner entrees are reasonable at around $12. The pizza is good, but I wasn't paying attention to the pricing on that - sorry.We'll be back soon!
4	"Hidden" is almost accurate, it's more...unexpected, location wise! But who cares! This is one of my fave Italian places right now. Mainly because of the food! I've been a handful of times so far, the service is not terrific but usually predictably decent and friendly.But the food has been consistently great! I've had the shrimp scampi a couple of times, the Italian sausage with the spicy Vodka sauce-Fuhgeddabawtit!! Amazing! My guy usually sticks with the classics like spaghetti and meatballs or lasagna, but I've tried both. Yum! Wine of course is average supermarket wine but it complements their food well enough. Bread came out cold one time, but hey, I need to eat less of that anyway! Bar seems to be fun and friendly but there are plenty of TVs throughout. It's always busy when I have gone but you don't have to wait an HOUR like at Oreganos up the street and I promise the food is just as good or better!
4	Last night we went to this ADORABLE little place to celebrate a belated birthday for one of my closest friends.  It was a rare occasion for my husband and I to have an adult night out while our son was at grandma's house.  We got there around 9:00 PM...hungry for dinner but waiting for our perpetually late friends.   We had some beer (which was dirt cheap - big glasses of Blue Moon were about $3 or $3.50..and pitchers were cheaper) and a few appetizers and a salad.   The Toasted Jalapeno Ravioli appetizer was very unique and good.   The wings were good...kind of small and not the best I've ever had but flavor decent...salads and other food that I tasted of our friends when they finally got there were good as well.  We stayed until closing....there was Karaoke, fun, TV, dancing on the bar, and did i say fun?     When we left the super cute owner (I didn't ever catch her name but was told she owns the place) hugged us all as we left....she was cute and super friendly!!!   ALL of the servers and bartenders were friendly and fun.  I don't remember her name, but our main server (a cute young blonde) was GREAT...we loved her...especially for putting up with a bunch of drunk old 30-40 something people!I've never been to Chicago, but this little restaurant/bar reminded me of living back east and those rare cute cozy little restaurant/bars...the type of place I'd LOVE to own if I ever had the guts to go into the business.   Even if the food sucked I'd give it 3-4 stars because the atmosphere and family/fun factor was there.     We will definately visit again for dinner or lunch.....or even a late night with friends again!
4	Anywhere with a Chicago theme... I'm in. So, when we were organizing a double-date night, our foursome (all from Chicago) decided that this was a great place to visit. We were quickly and pleasantly greeted at the door and shown to a very long booth. We ordered some fried mushrooms as an appetizer (not my thing, but everyone said they were delicious). Then, for my main dish, I ordered a meatball sandwich- one word can describe it... HUGE. Needless to say, I had some tasty leftovers to take to work the next day. Overall, the food was good and the atmosphere was nice. It was a quiet evening, and it seemed like the servers were all very attentive to each of the tables. No complaints and I'd definitely like to go back.
3	Not a bad place, but a bit up and down, sometimes really good, others just SO SO. The home made gnocchi has been great on two occasions and just alright on two others, same with the meat balls. The in house vodka sauce, my favorite, always pleases, now if only the pasta followed. The bar staff is quite friendly if a little slow and the beer selection leaves a little to be desired. No local beer? This place could easily be 4-5 stars if they picked up their game just a little. I like it, but would like to love it.
2	Jimmy's of Yelp finds that Jimmy's of Chicago lands somewhere between 2 and 3 stars, probably closer to 3.  Jimmy's of Yelp is giving Jimmy's of Chicago 2 stars because Jimmy's of Yelp feels that Jimmy's of Chicago's reviews are skewed higher by 5 star reviews that Jimmy's of Chicago couldn't possibly have merited.  Jimmy's of Yelp would give Jimmy's of Chicago 2.5 stars if Yelp allowed Jimmy's of Yelp to give half stars but the star deciders of Yelp are not allowing the giving of half stars by Jimmy's of Yelp.Jimmy's of Yelp feels that by giving Jimmy's of Chicago a 2 star review Jimmy's of Yelp is correcting the overstatement of Jimmy's of Chicago.  Jimmy's of Yelp doesn't want innocent Yelpers showing up at Jimmy's of Chicago expecting a 4-5 star experience when they will realistically get a 3-3.5 star experience.Jimmy's of Yelp found the food at Jimmy's of Chicago to be on the good side of average, the atmosphere to be nice and the service to be very good.Jimmy's of Yelp thanks you for reading Jimmy's review of Jimmy's of Chicago.
3	Is Jimmy single?  Cause if he is, I'd like to introduce myself.Nice local Italian spot.  Decent prices.Friendly service. Antipasta salad was great, lots of goodies for the money.  Meatballs and Italian sausage were okay bu the spicy sauce was great.I will be back to try the pizza, get another salad and ask if Jimmy is around.
3	I know it's early to write an update but I had their food again at an event it it was pretty darn tasty, especially the potatoes with Italian sausage, peppers and onion.  Jimmy of Yelp thanks you for reading my update.
2	The wife and I decided we were in the mood for home style Italian food. We had noticed the new restaurant in Gilbert and decided to try it. I was pleasantly surprised that the place was crowded so that was a very good sign to me. I ordered the veal parmigianne and my wife ordered the lasagne. The veal was spongy, chewy, the breading was bland and uneventful. The sauce had a unique flavor but not in a good way. The pasta wasn't al dente it was more like what you'd get at a fast food Italian restaurant like Fazole's. My wife said that her lasagne needed more seasoning and that it wasn't anything special. Our ticket without alchohol was approximately 44.00 with tip. When I pay that kind of money I expect to get something memorable. This was highly forgetable. Also one other thing: Toward the end of our meal one of the waiters came in from the other section and YELLED (I'm not kidding) over my head at another waiter. I was completely put off by the whole experience and won't be back. Thanks but no thanks.
3	I have been here on two occasions...sold by the Chicago style the ad (and name) promises.  It's a fine bar with a huge menu, and while I'm not totally craving their food, they do have something for everyone.They have a large dog variety, and there are tons of appetizers to pick from.  The servers are pleasant, albeit a bit on the slower side, and I never felt as if I wasn't being taken care of.I'm not clamoring to go back but it was fine.  The guy who does karaoke on Wednesday nights is awe.some.
2	I recently was contacted by the proprietors of Jimmy's of Chicago and here is the content of their response to my post. Fair and balanced reporting is what I'm all about so I'm giving them a voice. I have to say that their willingness to address the issue and ask for another chance at my business is admirable and we might just check them out again soon. I'll keep you all posted as to my experiences there. Here is their response in its entirety:Dear Mr. Shields,I am sorry to hear that you did not enjoy your dinner here at our restaurant.  I wish you would have shared your concerns with us while you were here as it is of utmost importance to us that all of our guests have a wonderful experience.  We recieve many compliments on our veal dishes and especially on the lasagna.  In fact, the lasagna is one of our best sellers.  Obviously, people have different tastes and perhaps the items you chose are not made in the fashion to which you are accustomed.  We would love you to give us another chance as I think your experience would be much different.  If you are willing to do so, please introduce yourself to either me (Kerry) or my wife (Zalena). We have many regulars who come several times a week and we hope that you and your wife might become one of those.  If not, thank you for your past patronage.  Sincerely,Kerry and Zalena Kersting
5	Tonight was my daughter's promotion ceremony from 6th grade and following family tradition I let her pick the restaurant and this was her choice.  She had eaten here before but this was the first time for me.We had an excellent experience!  The food and service were both excellent.  I started with the antipasto, which was really good with lots of pepperoni, salami, and cheese.  We also ordered fried mozzarella sticks, you know, for the kids; the sticks were really plump and crispy and there were seven or eight on the plate.  For the main course I had Ricotta Cavatelli with Vodka Sauce and added a chicken breast.  This was really good and the portion was so generous I only ate half.   For desert we shared the chocolate lava cake with ice cream, which was also really good.The waitress was very friendly and attentive and did a great job.  Atmosphere is casual, which is okay with me.  We will definitely be back.
4	Good choice if you are looking for a pricier Italian menu. They feature veal entrees and a pretty good assortment of Italian seafood dishes. Their homemade gnocchi and cavatelli are wonderful as well. The service is typically so-so, but the great food keeps me coming back.
4	Tonight, my dad was craving a meatball sandwich. Instead of just going up to Subway on the corner... we decided to be adventurous and try some place new. Jimmy's came up on a Google search of "Mesa AZ meatball sandwich", and after looking over their menu online we decided to make the trek down there.SO glad we did. I ordered a Chicken Parmigiana sandwich. Super yummy. Also super messy and moderately difficult to eat (the way a sandwich should be!). Dad ordered the Homemade Meatball sandwich with the "spicy" sauce. I stole a nibble of one of the meatballs... REALLY tasty, but I didn't find their spicy sauce to be terribly spicy (not that I mind, since I'm not good with anything that's too spicy). On the way out, we ordered the Baked Mostaccioli for my mom at home... I didn't steal a taste, but it looked and smelled delicious.I look forward to coming back to Jimmy's... I hope their pizza and pasta is just as tasty as the sandwich I had. :)
4	I've had several experiences with Chicago-style food here in Arizona. It must have something to do with all the Midwest transplants who now call AZ their home (we must be doing something right out here!) So when I learned about Jimmy's, I was excited to try my next slice of Chicago-style eating. When I first walked in, it reminded me of a family style restaurant I would visit with my parents and friends on a Friday night. It was cozy, quaint and bustling with happy visitors and friendly staff. We sat in the bar area and I liked to see how locals of all kinds gather here. It's nice to see a local restaurant like this in Gilbert. The staff was friendly -- a little slow, but it was TGIF for me it didn't matter as much. We started with calamari which was just enough to get the metabolism going for a solid meal. The fat kid inside of me begged me to try the Chicago-style beef sandwich and I still wish I had. Next time, Jimmy. But instead, I ordered a personal pizza...which I guess isn't much healthier? Oh well. But, each meal came with a salad which made me feel "healthier." My pizza was good! It was a nice size for one or two and I shared because sharing is caring yelpers. The dough was fresh, the cheese oozed and the pepperoni was spot on. I caught a glimpse of the beef sandwich and like I said...it glared at me for not ordering it. The environment was charming as it was obvious everyone was having a good time. While the game played in the background, I could tell that this is a fun neighborhood restaurant to visit when in the area --- or if you feel like a little evening drive!So in summary, Jimmy's is a family-fun environment, with a bar in case you left the kids at home and true to Chicago cuisine according to a Nor Cal girl, so take it with a grain of SF salt. I just wish the cold weather clothes fit in here in Arizona after all the yummy food I've found!
5	This place is Great!  I took my family there Sunday morning to watch some football and eat breakfast/lunch.  The atomsphere was good and the food was awesom. I know it is an Italian place but I had an omelette with green pepers onion ham and cheddar.  It was unbelieveable and I am guessing it had at least 4 eggs. Kid friendly for football as well.  I would go there again and probaly will on Sudnay!
4	A great representation of a local Chicago eatery, with a menu packed full of traditional Chicago eats.Having just moved from Chicago a year ago, I tend to rate the quality of a  place based on the quality of their Italian Beef sandwich.  This place is no Portillo's or Luke's(in terms of beef sandwiches), but it is still quite tasty.  I recommend a side of hot peppers and a side of beef juice for dipping.Good size clean place with Chicago memorabilia on the walls, and very nice staff.Overall, their rock solid menu and full bar make this place a solid 4.
4	Guess what? Jimmy's serves breakfast! Yes, it's true. They do! And yes, I was actually at Jimmy's early enough in the morning to witness the breakfast menu. And guess what? The breakfast is good! Imagine breakfast with an Italian twist. Imagine an omelet with pepperoni -- toast replaced with Italian bread -- a breakfast sandwich within an Italian hoagie. Do you have a good picture in your mind? Then you've got breakfast at Jimmy's. Here's a word of warning. The breakfast is huge! It's large, delicious and in charge. The omelet takes up the entire plate. The breakfast sandwich is the size of a Philly cheese steak. The breakfast parfait is in a large bowl. But, each bite is delicious. So, next time you're up early, you're in the area and you're hungry for a hearty breakfast, check out Jimmy's!
4	I was there last night and had a good beef/sausage combo. Great staff, very welcoming. And they had karaoke last night, I joined in on the fun with a few songs. There were quite a few singers in the queue. I'll be back!
1	We went here a couple of weeks ago for karaoke and drinks.  I started with the house white which was awful.  Changed to Amaretto Sours and was okay.  The KJ was okay and lots of people sang.  Took about an hour before I got up there from the time I put in a slip.  Seems he doesn't quite understand how to add new people into a rotation.The thing that stuck out in our minds was the staff's unwillingness to step on their own friends' toes.  While we were there, a group of women with a guy were in one room and a group of mostly guys were in the main area.  One of the bartenders (had a Jimmy's shirt on) sat with the group in the main area.  The guy with the ladies got up to sing an R Kelly song.  Somehow or another the guys sitting with the employee got up in the singers face and looked like he was going to hit him.  The singer kept singing and did a really good job of restraining himself.  Not once did any employee do anything to stop the harassment.  The group with the singer left shortly after that.  Then the guy started picking on another singer!  Unbelievable.  I have frequented many karaoke establishments in my lifetime and even hosted for a few years.  I have never had to deal with such blatant favoritism before.  If, as a host, I ever needed help with a patron, the staff always helped out without even being questioned.
5	Two reviews in one here... First, the restaurant is great, the staff is friendly and the food is excellent. On my first visit, I had the Chicken Limone. Absolutely delicious. That meal made sure I'd be back. Fast forward about 7 months and I am home on extended sick leave but trying to plan our wedding reception. Having canceled our wedding plans once due to illness, then eloping, my fiance and I knew there was no way we could cancel the reception too. So...I am at home on the computer trying to figure out where we could get food. And Jimmy's came up in a search. Checked out their catering menu online (thank you SO much for having online menus!) and seeing how reasonable the prices are, my husband and I arranged to meet a friend at Jimmy's to try some options. We chose to try: -- Cavatelli with Vodka Sauce -- Sausage with Peppers and Potatoes -- Eggplant Parmigiana The cavatelli was eyes-rolling-back-in-your-head delicious. I had chosen this to try because I originally wanted gnocchi but that wasn't offered on the catering menu. So I picked this as a possible substitute and it was amazing! I was willing to fight my husband and our friend to eat all the cavatelli we were sampling. My husband's pick was the sausage, peppers and potatoes. He is definitely a meat and potatoes kind of guy and this entree fit the bill. The sausage was mildly seasoned, the peppers and potatoes were cooked just right. Yum! We chose the eggplant parmigiana for a more traditional Italian dish and I'm so glad we did. No bitterness to the eggplant, the tomato sauce was excellent and how can you go wrong with mozzarella cheese all over it? We ended up ordering all three for our reception. The cost of the trays included racks to put them on, Sterno to keep the food hot and serving utensils. For less than $250, we had enough food to serve about 40 people. What a value! When my husband went to pick the food up the day of the reception, it was all ready and waiting for him, in fact he said the staff was right there with it so quickly. One of my worst fears was that he'd have to wait for it and we were on a tight time line to have him pick up the food, the cake, the keg, etc. Our guests LOVED the food. The star of the night was definitely the cavatelli but everything was just wonderful. I was even glad that we had a few no-shows for the reception because we had leftovers to enjoy for a few days afterward. This has proven to me that I could eat Jimmy's food every day of the week and still want more. Thank you so much, Jimmy's!
4	This neighborhood haunt was exactly what we were looking for - Italian cuisine, close to where we live, a casual environment, a bar and good variety on their menu.   The service and staff were above average.   The antipasto salad was very good as was the dinner salad.  The lasagna was to die for and a very healthy portion.  The spicy red sauce was just right - can't wait to try their pizza.   The lunch size of the ravioli was a little small but equally tasty.  They don't automatically bring you bread but will if you ask for it.  Price range was a little high for lunch.
5	Jimmy's has a great atmosphere, a great bar good food and fantastic owners!
1	I've been to Jimmy's a few times and have given up on it.  The first experience was just really awful- like include salad with your order and wait twenty minutes for it to arrive awful.  (Nor were they really busy, so no excuse there.)  The second time I ordered a sausage dish.  The crack brain trust that runs the place basically put it on a dish/saucer that wasn't big enough to move the thing about easily, so eating it was not as simple as you'd expect, nor was it a particularly memorable sausage.  The third time was the best of the three but they simply didn't have it in them to recover the interest and good will that earlier visits had cost them. Avoid.
4	We went in to try some pizza and wings and I was surprised to find a pretty big menu of italian food. Wings were big and meaty. And our pizza(italiansausage, mushroom, black olives) hit the spot. Lots of cheese and I can't complain about that. Only thing was the crust could have used an extra ten in the oven but still good. Plan to go back to sample more of the menu.
4	I've been to Jimmy's 5 times. The Italian Beef Sandwich and Spicy Baked Mostaccioli are awesome. I don't care for the lasagna or gnocci, but that's more personal preference. The owners are great and very friendly! I love the live entertainment and midwest/Chicago atmosphere. I recommend it.
3	Today (Sunday, took my Bride and Granddaughter here for some Chi Town style pizza . We got a large pie with Pep Onion Garlic, sausage. X Cheese w/fresh basil,  and a small pep pizza for the young one.I asked about the style of pie served, and was told they dont deal with deep dish food, so it's Chicago thin all the way. I talked to our very awesome server, who confided in me that just a bit before someone had complained because they were from New York and eat New York Pizza's, which begs the question of why they went to Jimmy's of CHICAGO. I ask these questionsMyself, I love deep dish pies, and had never had a thin Chi-Pie, so was looking forward to something different. I will now approach the review as if it was a middle of the road Chicago pie, I mean sheesh, we are in Arizona after all.Not a bad pie, but overall, I found it sorta bland.A little red paper flakes helped, but there just wasn't any depth to it. and for some reason, the sweated down onions had a weird consistency to me. I liked the people working there, everyone was easygoing, good with my kid, and dealt with my immaturity well. 8^) I found the dough to be bland as well. Perhaps that's the style, and nothing was wrong. They do have an extensive menu, and I want to go back and eat either a Veal Parmigiana or steak and cheese sandwich. Something different off the menu, maybe ask the owner if they are there what they recommend.As for me, the pizza may not be my taste, but with the high level of quality of food, the extensive menu, And the very nice staff, I'm more than willing to go back on a quiet weeknight and enjoy a Chicago style pasta meal and salad.
3	Yelp Eats Week 2011 (50% off!), Take 2:07/13/11Was "in the neighborhood" (Tempe) and thought today would be the perfect day to try an east valley participating restaurant I probably would never even contemplate driving to from all the way in north Scottsdale.  Looking over my list of possibles (whose menus intrigued me online... OK, let's face it-- whose menus offered me a few items I could ACTUALLY eat, due to my food allergies), and I chose Jimmy's of Chicago.  I was sure I'd come face-to-face w/ a dive-y sports bar, but the food photos I'd seen on their Yelp profile begged to differ, so I decided to surprise myself.And what a pleasant surprise it was!  (To those using Navigation app to locate this place, ignore directions saying to turn right on Pecos traveling on Gilbert Rd. off of the 202E and just continue on, making the first right into the complex past Pecos.)  I arrived just in the nick of time, as a couple was just walking out and the elderly man held the door open for me.  Please note that this is one heavy door!  Upon entry, I indeed was met w/ a noisy and dive-y sports bar, but I'd asked to be seated somewhere less noisy and was directed to a room that was reminiscent of a living room filled w/ dark furnishings-- I think there may even be a fireplace in there, but I could be wrong.  This room won't disappoint those who arrive w/ their families, who don't want to, or can't sit by the bar, and yet want to catch some sports action, as I counted 5 (that's FIVE) mounted flat-screens!  On to the food!  I arrived just before 6p, so I was able to take advantage of their happy hour special of $5 a glass of house wine- my choice was the chardonnay.  I decided to go w/ the Frazalle-cheta to start, the homemade ricotta cavatelli w/ vodka sauce for my main course, and the (only homemade dessert choice on the menu) tiramisu to finish.  A serving of warmed bread and butter arrived even before the wine appeared- nice!  It wasn't long before the app arrived, and was it a pretty sight to behold!  A ring of toasted old-style bread, brushed w/ butter and garlic, surrounding a nice presentation of pepperoni, fontinella, artichoke hearts, kalamata olives, and halved grape tomatoes w/ homemade vinaigrette.  The bread felt a bit stale to me, so I mentioned it to the server, who said that the dish is made from an old peasant recipe that calls for day-old bread that is softened and is something they tried to recreate here.  So, I tried to ignore the staleness.  Otherwise, the rest of the dish was very good!  (I was only able to get a photo of the app, as my battery was too low to take pics of the entree and dessert, which actually turned out for the best, as the entree wasn't much to look at...)  A few pieces of bread and bruschetta toppings, and I was ready for the pasta.The entree included my choice of soup (minestrone, escarole and beans, fagioli) or salad, and I went w/ the salad, choosing the homemade strawberry vinaigrette.  If you like strawberries, then you will love this vinaigrette-- it tasted as if I was eating sweet pureed strawberries!  The veggies were fresh and crisp.  It's a good thing I wasn't planning on eating much of it, bec. the bowl wasn't even on the table for two minutes, when my cavatelli appeared- no exaggeration!  As I've mentioned before, the cavatelli wasn't much to look at.  The pasta looked very white and pasty, while the vodka sauce was thick and had a terra cotta matte-d hue going on.  I like ricotta, so I found it palatable, but very bland, so I quickly put the table-side parmesan and red pepper flakes to good use.  A few forkfuls of this and I was ready for something sweet!The portion of four-layered homemade tiramisu offered here originally for $5.99 is very small (around 3.5" x 2.5" x 2.5"), so it's a good thing I paid only $3 for it.  It's very good, even w/o the Hershey's chocolate sauce drizzled on top (I had it on the side).  Loved the strength of the liquors used, as well as the textures of the sweetened ricotta and espresso-drenched chocolate lady-fingers.  Mmm...  I'd like to have another, please!  I may be talked into visiting Jimmy's again before Yelp Eats week is over...  Another table's braciole w/ mostaccioli (flank steak, tomato sauce, and penne) looked good, despite the dollop of tomato sauce.  (Again, what's w/ the sauces' presentation here?  This seriously has to be addressed!)  If nothing else, I'd like to try the stuffed artichoke app and have a go at the Coocizza (you guessed it- your choice of chocolate chip, Reese's peanut, or white chocolate chip macadamia nut cookie w/ ice cream on top).  I also spotted a breakfast menu!  Now, if only I'd get a chance to make it to this area early enough...
3	They were playing songs from the 70s, like: my woman from tokyo.  I hadn't heard that one in ages.  Took me back to pizza joints from my youth.Got the stuffed artichoke app, but they didn't take the thistle out.  You know, that makes for an interesting mouthful of hair like spines.The homemade cavetelli (similar to gnocci) was a hearty pasta choice.  It is thick like a dumpling, so be prepared (if you're not familiar with that pasta type).  The vodka sauce was flavorful.After a few bites, it was obvious that the braciole with mostaccioli was a good choice.  However, after several more bites, it became evident that the braciole was overcooked.The sausage with peppers and potatoes was filling.  The sausage was a bit overcooked, and the peppers and potatoes needed more seasoning.We topped it off with a piece of their homemade tiramisu, which tasted excellent, but would have been better with more ladyfinger (and a homemade chocolate sauce, as opposed to Hershey's syrup).
4	This was our third visit and I have to say the service is impeccable. They are attentive, friendly and helpful. I can't remember what we had our first visit, it was right after they opened and during the awkward stage. The second visit we had pizza it was good, we were looking for deep dish which they don't make but it was good and great service. Tonight we all had different things: Mostaccioli for my older son he was very happy, cheesy and flavorful sauce. Spaghetti and meatball off the kid's menu for the younger boy, sweet sauce and a big meatball another happy boy. Husband had the Chicago Grinder hot and it was gone in a flash and he said it was really good. It looked great on the toasted bread. He also got a salad instead of fries, lots of fresh veggies. I had the Italian Beef with peppers and onions, it comes with Giardiniera and au jus and french fries. The bread was yummy soft yet substantial enough to withstand au jus. The bread was stuffed, stuffed with meat, the peppers and onions were good but the giadiniera made it. It was a really good sandwich. San Tan Brewery on tap - yum.I could give them 5 stars but I've had better Italian Beef though I will admit I'm not an expert. A great dinner and I hope to return soon.
3	My fiance and I were excited to try this place out, it's right by our house and several friends recommended it.  I have to say, it was not as good as I was hoping.  There was nothing really "wrong" with the experience, but there was nothing really "WOW" about it either.  The staff was nice, so that was a plus.  However, I was not impressed with the food (maybe it was our choices).  Both dishes we ordered were bland, the bread they serve is nothing special, there was just nothing that stood out as great.  I was surprised at the prices too, about $45 for an appetizer, 2 entrees and waters (not including tip).  My fiance said he would go back to try pizza or something else, as for me, if I want yummy Italian food, I'm going to Pestos (another place I have Yelped about)!
2	Service was very very good Heather was our server did an excellent job. It's a clean place with a welcoming feel. would come back for drinks b/c i live very near and don't have to drive, but would never order food again the best part of the meal was the ranch dressing on my salad. The pizza was just  way under cooked so much so you could see pieces of cheese slices that had not melted. The crust was like soda crackers the sauce lacked flavor. Food here is very bland. Pizza was the equivalent of soda cracker's with ketchup and cheese for real....
4	Jimmy's is right down the street from us & I love it! So far, the food is fantastic as well as the service. It can get a bit toasty inside the restaurant but you quickly forget about it when you begin eating!
2	Pretty bad. Owner could have cared less to even say hello or goodbye.Italian Beef was far from anything I ever had in Chicago. If you want good Italian beef look to Lukes or even the frozen stuff at Costco. It's better trust me.
5	I love this place. It is my go-to place when I am in the mood for the Italian. So far I've had the gnocchi with vodka sauce (my favorite), pizza, eggplant parm with spaghetti and the chicken parm sandwich. All four have been delicious. The portions are large so I always eat half at the restaurant and save the other half for lunch.The service is also wonderful. Every server I've encountered in very polite and attentive.If you are in the mood for some filling food, this is the place to go. I highly recommend it!
1	This place is just not good.  I have tried it twice and both times have been disappointed with the fact that they cannot do even the most basic foods well.
4	Pretty good Chicago style food from this native's opinion. I had the cheese ravioli with a side of sausage. Both were delicious and huge servings. My husband had the pizza, which was Chicago thin crust, and he said it was the best he has had in Arizona. We will be back.
3	I'm giving Jimmy's three stars because the young lady that took care of us last night was very good (customer service). But, don't go for the salmon salad or the linguine with white sauce. My wife said the clams were pretty rubbery and the salmon salad, while good, was nothing that I would reorder (overpriced and nothing spectacular). The place seems to do a booming business with locals. Maybe the pizza or other things on the menu are what draw folks in. Nice atmosphere and good service but there is better Italian food to be found in Gilbert.Fortunately, we were with friends so the food quality was only secondary to the quality of the evening.
3	It was a meal of highs and lows.  This casual sit-down eatery had no shortage of Chicago memorabilia or senior citizen patrons.  It's like they're going head-to-head against NY54 Pizza over in Sun Lakes.The mussels in red sauce were a FANTASTIC appetizer.  The spicy, garlicky (sp?)sauce was a great complement to the perfectly cooked mussels.  I wish I got the full pound instead of the half.  I also wish they served bread or even another bowl for the shells.My wife's pasta fagioli was not nearly as appetizing.  It tasted like Campbell's tomato soup with a few noodles and cannellini beans thrown in.The house salad was standard, but at least it was fresh and crisp.  The vinagrette was a little tart for my taste.We split a pizza.  The subtle notes of the crispy thin crust and tangy tomato sauce were solid, but they were totally overwhelmed by a thick layer of bland cheese.  Toppings were sparse.The homemade tiramisu was good, but not great.  It was a little too whip creamy, and am I the only one who doesn't like chocolate sauce over tiramisu?  I want to savor the coffee flavor, not the Hershey's syrup.In summary, I'd go back.  Anything in their tomato sauce is bound to be good, especially the spicy version.  Try the mussels.  Pass on the pizza and the pasta fagiole.
3	Don't get me wrong, there food is GREAT. Especially their vodka sauce, its to die for! The atmosphere is the biggest and maybe only complaint i have.  And when I say atmosphere, I mean the manager. At first, I thought she was just mildly loud woman having a good time. I didn't mind this at all until I saw employees approach her every now and then. The FIRST RULE of bar tending is never ever drink on duty. ESPECIALLY if you are the manager or owner. This sets a bad example for the business and is just plain tacky to observe as a customer. As the I was finishing up my meal, I saw her verbally berating one of the employees. I'm not saying that the employee didn't deserve this, but whatever the situation was, it could have been delt with more privately. Overall, I had a great experience. Good food, great service. Christy (our waitress)  was why we will come back (if we do). She was fantastic, and had a great smile/attitude. Its a shame that the management is in the condition that it is.
2	our third time at this establishment: first time the pizza was great, second time, the pizza and pasta were good, the third time (yesterday) the pasta was not that good. My cheese totollini wasn't what I anticipated. And to top it off, I only ate a third of it, and asked the server for a 'to go' box, which he removes my plate to the kitchen to box it up himself.  When I got home and opened it the next day - a significant portion was missing.  The server guy didn't give me all of what I asked him to box up, and what I paid for.   We won't be going there again.
2	We live about a block from here, but for whatever reason I had avoided stopping for the longest time.  Not because of the location as much, but because I hate the Chicago Bears.  So, when I saw a Groupon pop up, I figured I'd give them a shot since they were so close.  On the night we went, they were fairly busy - our waitress was overwhelmed, so my poor rating has little to do with the service.  I ordered the special, which was the tortellini trio - based on the waitress' recommendation.  It took longer than normal, and once the meals finally made their way to the table, it was one of the worst presentations I've seen.  I'm certain I could've cooked better pasta at home, and the "trio" of sauces that came on the pasta were bland and un-inspiring to say the least.So, we waited longer than normal, for food that was sub-par, and when it was time to check out, the process took about twenty minutes due to the Groupon.  Groupon is in my opinion great marketing, because it gets people who otherwise would have never stopped (like me) the chance to try out your service.Combine all of this with the watered down "cocktails" that my wife ordered, with the annoying Chicago ambiance, and here we are.  Don't bother stopping unless you're from the windy city and need hometown validation.
5	Not being from Chicago I can't say that this tastes like the real thing BUT I can say that I was delightedly surprised - everything was delicious! Service was great! Tomatoes in my salad were ripe, red and sweet.
5	We go to Jimmy's almost every Sat for dinner and Karaoke. We also go at other times. Their food is good and a lot like Chicago style food. The waitstaff is pleasant. Our favorite waitress is Allison, although they're all pleasant and helpful. I especially enjoy the Chicago sports memorabilia.
5	A great place to go for a game. Go for dinner. Or go on Saturday night and have fun with Tino's karaoke. The staff is always friendly ( Allison is our favorite). The food reminds me of the neighborhood places in Chicago. GREAT and plentiful. Helen and Cary make a drink that lets you know they want you to come back. And it's fun to see the Chicago sports memorabilia. And old Pictures from home. Like the newspaper from the Blizzard of 67. I always make sure to bring visitors to Jimmy's for a good time with great people. From the staff to the patrons. You always feel welcome at Jimmy's of Chicago.
4	Love this place. It's very unique and not your typical restaurant in a strip mall. The beef/sausage combo sandwich is amazing! It's huge and you get your $'s worth for sure. My fiance loved the pizza, said it's much better than the expensive, classy pizza's i've made him try in the past! :) Shrimp scampi was yummy, but was overpriced. Love the music and atmosphere. Customer service is the best part and request the waitress Allison! So sweet she was! Good variety of good on the menu.  Give it a shot!
4	Pay no attention to the negative reviews! At the same time, there is some truth to this being a small place with limited parking and a postage stamp sized bar.The ravioli is to die for - that's what my lovely lady gets every time. I try to switch it up but I'm in a spaghetti rut. The cool thing is you get to choose from about a half dozen sauces. Not in the mood for pasta? I tried the pizza and it's not bad but... I wasn't thrilled. However, the meatball sandwich? Yum! Good luck finishing that beast!
4	I have missed excellent Italian food since Tucchetti's in Phoenix closed several years ago. Oh the agony! Then I stumbled upon Jimmy's. I may not be a fan of Chicago sports, but I am a fan of Italian food. This place was quite a delicious surprise! I have been back several times and have tried various dishes. Some I like more then others...but that can be said of most restaurants. I recommend (with great enthusiasm) the cheese ravioli with their spicy red sauce. I also give a huge thumbs up to their pizza (I like mine thin and crispy). Perhaps my favorite part of the dining experience is the bread and balsamic/olive oil dipping saucer. I would like to be buried with these items.The prices, admittedly, are a tad high - but the flavor is worth paying a bit extra. It's a mom-and-pop eatery and I prefer those types of places to the chain variety. The food is always fresh and the service has never been a problem. My husband recommends the calamari appetizer and the hot dogs. He's not a fan of their green relish, so ask for it on the side. Oh, almost forgot, order their dinner salad and make sure you request the creamy garlic dressing. It's home made and incredibly addicting. Bone Appetit!
3	A good neighborhood joint with decent food. They could improve the bread, though. Great place for a quick bite. Don't expect much and you won't be disappointed.
4	Had lunch here today and it was good like always! They have different lunch specials everyday and the family atmosphere is what draws me back everytime.
3	Average place.  Food is good, not great.  Service is good, not great...you might get the wrong drink. Overall, good place for food and to hang out.
3	Came in on Friday night around dinner time, but it was surprisingly not busy for a sports bar on a Friday night. In the true sense, this is definitely more of a sports bar than it is an Italian restaurant, but they do have some interesting selections, mostly homemade food, and pretty tasty meals.The service is catered more towards a group of sports fanatics than it is towards Italian food fanatics. We ordered the half chicken; one with steamed vegetables and one with the regular potato side. We were informed that these would take 25 minutes to prepare. We were completely okay with this, as it usually means the food is a little more fresh.The salads came first, and they were just ordinary salads, nothing spectacular, but the lettuce and vegetables were fresh and crisp.Our entrees arrived, and the steamed vegetables were incorrect so we had to wait for them to bring out a new side. Most of the chicken was a little dry, but did have some decent flavor. The half chicken was served in pieces (thigh, leg, breast, etc.) instead of a one-piece half chicken. This might have lent itself to making the chicken a little more dry. The potatoes were nothing special, but the new steamed vegetables that were brought out were cooked perfectly.To finish up we definitely needed to try the Tiramisu. We wanted to make sure it was made in house as the menu depicted, and our waitress confirmed that it was. A bit later the Tiramisu was served to our table. Now normally my pallet is a little desensitized to the taste of alcohol in food and desserts. I normally am not able to pick out the flavors of the liquor in Tiramisu at other restaurants, but this was an exception. I could definitely sense the flavors of the liquor, so if you are a Tiramisu fanatic and like strong and bold flavors, this would be the one for you. The ladyfingers were light, and the mascarpone cream was fluffy, not too sweet, and fairly airy. Definitely our favorite part of the meal.If you don't come in expecting five-star food, but instead expect a laid-back environment with above-average Italian food for the type of restaurant, this is the place. The prices are decent, especially during lunch and happy hour, and the Tiramisu is worth getting. Service was a little lackluster, but the restaurant was clean, wi-fi is available, and this is a good place to bring family and friends to hang out.
4	Just had dinner last night here.  The Pinot Grigio just ok BUT THE FOOD was really good.  I would receomend this resturant to anyone.
2	I was super hyped up since the word Chicago apprears and I am a northwest suburban native.  Don;t expect much if you are from Chi-Town.  Soup tased no better than Campbell's I got the gorgonzola Aldredo pasta.  I would never again.  Tasted like Bertolli alfredo and they added gorgonzola.  I am a Chicago Irishman and I can make better Alfredo sauce.  For $15, i feel jipped.  I went with my wife who loves pasta dn not as critical about pasta and she said hers was very lackluster, baked mostoccoli that i could have made at home.  Again $14, yikes.  The folks at the bar seemed to be having a great time and they had kareoke, maybe I just need to try it again and drink a ton and the taste won't matter much?
5	I really liked the place. Went and got half-priced pizza on a Wednesday. The waiter was on top of the drinks and they had a magician doing some dope magic tricks. The pizza was great in my mind and even better for the price I paid. I'm definitely going back.
5	We've eaten at Jimmy's many times since it opened. Usually it's just my wife and I, but we have had several family dinners there. The decor is "Chicago sports bar", the service is professional, efficient and courteous. The food is outstanding. Much better than the chain Italian cuisine that is abundant in the Valley. This is our "go to" place for Italian food in the SE Valley.
3	Very VERY average. Actually disappointed in the braciole. Kelsey with the pretty smile and form fitting shorts would probably make me think about going back and trying something different.
5	GREAT food, GREAT staff, GREAT atmosphere. The owners are very friendly and they interact with everyone. It is my new goto dining facility!!!!
4	Great salad and pizza deal for lunch!  Always fresh food.
3	I dined here for dinner with friends, and did enjoy it.  Nothing super-fancy, but the service was good, and the food was decent (always a plus in my book).I had a salad, which was fresh, and a personal pizza, which was crisp & tasty.  I thought the prices were a bit on the high end given the type of place this is, but the service & fresh food made up for it..Tasted the chicken parmigiana, which was good, but  not fantastic - I would venture to guess that most of the menu is about like that - You are probably pretty "safe' in ordering just about everything.....It is a busy place with moderate noise level & kids - Not a place for that "romantic" date you've been planning for ages.....3/5 stars - Will go back & try again someday.
4	The food here is quite good. Chicken Parmesan  sub is totally satisfying. The vodka sauce is more like a tomato alfredo, but seriously tasty. They do a fantastic stuffed artichoke. They also deliver!The pasta portion is rather small, but overall a really solid Italian eatery in the East Valley
4	Dropped in for some dessert, CHEESECAKE, and I knew an Italian joint would be able to suit my needs. Waitress was great, friendly & kept checking up on me. Recommended adding chocolate & candied walnuts to my dessert & I accepted. I left fat & happy. Now I just have to drop in to see if they represent Italy to its fullest
5	My husband and I decided to try this place out when he heard that the Blackhawks playoff game was going to be on here and that this Chicago bar would be a great atmosphere to watch the game in. I have to say he was right! We got there a little early and the bar area was already packed. We sat in the dining room and looked over the menu. There are not a ton of selections, which I hope meant that the ones they did have were really good. We ordered the mozzarella sticks to start from the happy hour menu. They were not home made, but were very tasty, hot and cooked nice and crisp. The marinara was tasty as well. For our meals we ordered the chicken Balsamico (the special for the night) and the Italian beef sandwich. The pasta dish has 2 chicken breasts that were perfectly cooked over corkscrew pasta with a sweet balsamic sauce covered in roasted peppers and onions for under $12! It was huge! I ate 1/2 and was full! The Italian beef was also decent in size and for under 10 bucks this place was a great value! The atmosphere was really fun. As the Hawk game went back and forth the whole place cheered and erupted when they scored. Even the owner was at the bar for most of the game. He came over and talked to us for awhile and is a really nice guy! We are glad we decided to try this local joint and we will definitely be back!
4	I've had this place on my radar for a long time, not many place to get Chicken Vesuvio here in Phoenix.  I stopped in a few weeks for an early dinner and had high expectations.  The decor is a bit outdated, the front room is mainly a bar, but we were seated at a table in the back room with dark furniture, the plastic red/white check tablecloths.  Nothing fancy here at all.They run a happy hour daily from 3-7 so we started our meal with 1/2lb of mussels in a spicy white wine sauce for $5.  They are were sooooo good!!  I'd have liked the wine sauce spicier, but it was quite tasty.  I had read another review complaining about the lack of bread, but all we had to do was ask and they brought a small loaf of warmed bread to soak up the sauce. Our waitress even offered more bread when we finished the first.Ordered the Chicken Vesuvio for our entrees and I'm sad to say I was a little disappointed.  I prefer this dish served with chicken on the bone, just has more flavor, but this was served with 2 small'ish chick breasts that seemed more of the "food service" kind than fresh chicken.  The vesuvio sauce was really good and garlicy, although after eating the mussels, it just wasn't the stand out I was hoping for.We finished with a cannoli, and our waitress was upfront that it wasn't homemade, but thought we'd try it anyway.  It was too sweet and sugary and not what a real cannoli should be like.  I was warned, and next time I'll listen!I'm definitely coming back for mussels and want to try their linguine with clams in the spicy white sauce.
4	Glad we found Jimmy's and "Chicago food". I love the Chicken Vesuvio. You CAN get it on the bone--just ask--but it takes longer! I can't wait so the boneless breasts are what I usually order. The vesuvio potatoes and the sauce are great and the chicken breasts are moist and flavorful. Add a side or caesar salad--you won't be sorry--cold and crisp. Their bread is good and essential for "sopping" the extra vesuvio sauce. Good happy hour deals too. Service was very good considering the staff is young--we weren't sure how it would be but it's been great on every visit. They all pitch in and get the job done and are cheerful and friendly but not intrusive. The only flaw--Jimmy's isn't in East Mesa! I detest high top tables and sure hope they keep the regular height tables in the dining room. Iced tea is always too weak so we don't order it.
4	Jimmy's is a long way from home for me. Even my GPS refused to find this place for me. But a quick phone call helped straighten out the directions. This place is owned by a nice couple that used to live in Chicagoland. There was about a 20 minute wait on a busy Saturday night; not a big deal for me.Thanks to Robyn N. for telling me about this place. I was jonesing for some Chicken Vesusvio. I guess Chicken Vesusvio is a Chicago creation dating back to the Depression. So I was excited to actually have one of my favorites since I haven't been to Chicago in a few months.I thought the pricing was fair and the dish itself was good (3 1/2 stars) but not the greatest. I would  probably try some other dishes before I ordered it again. For example, their Pizza looked awfully good as all the families seemed to have ordered pizza. I thought the service was excellent as well.
5	Jimmy's is one of our favorite local Italian hangouts - we come here at least twice monthly. Had another great meal - chicken parm, side salad with creamy garlic dressing and a couple of bud lights...a nice break from thanksgiving leftovers! Definitely try it if you haven't been.
5	Love Jimmy's. Italian beef sandwich is just like what you get in Chicago. Nice bar, too.
4	DISCLAIMER: If you live in mesa, gilbert, or AJ and expect to just walk in to any place with good food from nov- march on sat night....... Think again!We are infested with snowbirds! There will be a wait.Anyhoo... Jimmy's was packed on sat night and we waited 15 min for a booth.The place is set up like a pub/ local bar/,pizza joint/ sports bar. Very inviting with a tv in view for play off football peeping.The prices seemed more than reasonable and cheaper than most italian places.I had the chicago style hotdogs and my girlfriend had the lasagna.Both were tastey as was the table bread / butter / oil.Service was good and the staff had their hands full with at least two 10 person parties.They do happy hour and have daily food specials. I will return !
1	I visited the restaurant on Gilbert Rd and the food was disgusting! I ordered it To-Go. I ordered a Chicken Parm Sandwich with a side of french fries.  The french fries were cold, hard, burned, dark brown, and stale. When I called the restaurant about it, all they said was "oh I'm sorry, I'm saw him cook those fresh so I'm not sure what happend."  Not even a "let us re-do those for you", nothing! So I bit into the chicken parm sandwich and the first couple of bites were fine although I was expecting way more flavor! Once I got to the bottom of the sandwich, the chicken was completely overcooked! The meat was so tough I can hardly get through it. I would have completely thrown this meal away if I wasn't so hungry. I go through what I could but I definitely wish I could speak to a manger and get my money back!
2	Went three times. Wanted to like it but just couldn't. Pizza was bland. Pasta sauce was tasteless. Chicken Vesuvio sauce was way too oily, chicken was a little overcooked, and I just couldn't bring myself to like that it was served with smashed potatoes.
1	I visited the restaurant on Gilbert Rd and the food was disgusting! I ordered it To-Go. I ordered a Chicken Parm Sandwich with a side of french fries.  The french fries were cold, hard, burned, dark brown, and stale. When I called the restaurant about it, all they said was "oh I'm sorry, I'm saw him cook those fresh so I'm not sure what happend."  Not even a "let us re-do those for you", nothing! So I bit into the chicken parm sandwich and the first couple of bites were fine although I was expecting way more flavor! Once I got to the bottom of the sandwich, the chicken was completely overcooked! The meat was so tough I can hardly get through it. I would have completely thrown this meal away if I wasn't so hungry. I go through what I could but I definitely wish I could speak to a manger and get my money back!
2	This place is just ok. I really, really wanted to like Jimmy's but I just couldn't.  Perhaps it's due to the Chicago vs New York food war that has been waged for decades and me being a native NY'er made me dislike it.  But IMO, there are definitely better italian restaurants. It is edible but that's about it. Service was spotty, food was mediocre.  It's even funny when you read previous reviews from native Chicago-ans who didn't like it....that should tell you something.
3	Food is pretty good. Mom and pop feel to the place. Friendly staff. The only complaint is that the service falls a little short. Especially if you sit in the row of booths to the left when you first walk in. Not sure what it is about that row but every time we sit there we go for several minutes with empty glasses and no waiter in sight. Overall its a good place and very family friendly. We will continue to keep this place on the weekly routine.
5	I LOVE their sausage, peppers, and potatoes.  I've never had peppers that tasted so, so good.   The pizza is pretty good too.  It's a lot better then all of the cheap chain pizza places.
2	stopped by here on a Thursday around 5ish.  Grabbing a bite for take out and to have a quick beer with a buddy.  Beer was good, thats about it.  Had the chicken Vesuvio,   2 pieces of chicken, one was a bone in half breast piece.  the other was a flattened breast piece.  looked like they ran out of vesuvio and let me have a marsala piece for replacement.  horrible..
4	Great  food and price , We had calamari for appetizer ,then I had linguini a la jimmy( delicious ) and my wife had the lasagna and she ate it all, and that says a lot .
4	Today was my first time at Jimmy's,  I placed an order for a combo sandwich to go.  It wasn't what I'm used to being from Chicago,  however it wasn't terrible.  I'm used to the beef being shaved,, much thinner than I was served, the sausage was really good, overall sandwich was dry.  The fries were cooked perfect and the giardiniera was better than most I've had in AZ.   I will most likely be back to try something different next time.
1	one word is all that is needed for the food  at Jimmy's of chicago,  "NO!"Service was OK but that was the only bright spot.
4	We've been to Jimmy's twice in the last couple of months and it's been consistent both times. My husband LOVES Veal Parmigiana but has a hard time finding places that do it right. This place does it right! Thin cut, never dry. I've had a smattering of things.Lasagna-Good, not great. I like a drier lasagna and this has alot of sauceGnocchi with vodka sauce-Really Good. Not overcooked, lots of sauceFriends have had: Chicken Limone: This was excellent. Just the right amount of lemon. Wish there were capers, but thats ok. We've had wings(hot)-Very good! Asked for well done and that's exactly how we got them.Fried Ravioli: Just ok. Typical fried foodRapini and Beans: Very Good! I could eat this as a meal with some angel hair pasta. Overall, this is a good place for pretty good food. I don't leave feeling like I ate a brick because it sits so heavy. Also like the ambiance of this place but I'm a Bears fan, so I feel right at home. :)
5	We've been to Jimmy's of Chicago several times.  We are originally from Chicago so we are always searching for a restaurant that makes us feel like we are back home.  Jimmy's 100% fills that gap.  Their pizza is Chicago style thin crust pizza.  It's the perfect amount of cheese and sauce.    It's cut into squares which always makes me smile.   The ambiance is the major reason to come back to Jimmy's between the pictures on the wall, the bar that looks authentic and the clientele during a Blackhawks game, you will forget that you are in Arizona. Plus you can't beat having a red and white checkered tablecloth! I would highly recommend Jimmy's if you are looking for a Chicago restaurant and have a taste for thin crust pizza!
1	2 hotdogs and 2 beefs. 45 minutes and still waiting. Excuse is that they had 3 other to go orders at the same time I ordered. So plan a head. Unreal. Cant grade the food because I haven't received it yet.
5	Great pizza and Chicago style food.   It has the small time bar feel.   Great place to watch any Chicago games.   They also have catering and great food and happy hour specials.
1	So disappointed in the food at Jimmy's tonight.  My wife and I have eaten here before and liked the food.  Tonight was a much different story.  For an appetizer, we ordered the pizza bread with sliced meatballs.  When it arrived at our table, it was about half of what the picture on the menu showed.  The sauce was flavorless, the cheese was...eh, and the meatball slices tasted like they been around for a week or so.  My wife ordered the lasagna.  It did not look appetizing.  She said the sauce, like on the pizza bread, had no flavor and the dish, overall, was just not good.I ordered the Linguini a la Jimmy's.  The chef must hate Jimmy.  The dish is suppose to be linguini with tomato, basil, "fresh" mozzarella, garlic, and oil. The pasta itself had no taste, like they didn't even salt the water.  There were two small clumps of mozzarella that was anything but fresh.  The wilted green stuff may have been fresh basil at some point, but wasn't by the time it made it's way onto my plate.  There were little pieces of what appeared to be leftover tomato...mostly skin.  Perhaps it was what was left after they strained the canned tomato sauce for the lasagna and pizza bread.  There was no sign of garlic anywhere.  I'm not sure what kind of oil is suppose to be in this dish, but whatever it was, I couldn't taste it.  And the linguine was sitting in what looked like a cup or so of the water it was cooked in.  That was it for me.  I almost always clean my plate when I eat out.  If the food is just okay, I still eat most of it.  I couldn't eat more than a few bites of this.  I'm not the best cook by any means, but my pasta is much better than this stuff.  Try salting the pasta water, add some roasted garlic, real, fresh tomato, actual fresh mozzarella (unclumped), fresh basil, quality olive oil, and DRAIN THE PASTA!!  The pasta shouldn't be swimming a pool of tasteless oil water.The only good part of the meal was the free bread with olive oil and balsamic.I'm usually willing to give places a second chance, but I don't think we'll be back here unless it's for karaoke and a drink or two, but we'll eat elsewhere first.***Zalena, Yelp will not let me respond to your comment.  We were there on Sunday, September 21, between 5pm and 6pm.***
3	Stopped in for a quick bite while on the area. As we entered I was unsure if we could seat ourselves or had to wait.  Took longer than expected but ultimately the young lady behind the bar yelled and said we could sit where we liked. I must say I was disappointed by the food.  I had the chicken parm sandwich (and fries).  I chicken was hard and a little burned around the edges.  Not enough sauce on the sandwich and just lacking flavor. My friend said the same about the sausage and peppers she ordered.  The portion sizes were great for the price and the server was very pleasant and friendly which is why I gave 3 stars.
4	Small place with good food. The lasagna and bread were excellent! Would recommend and come back!!!!
4	We ordered pepper jack sticks and they were surprisingly soggy.  The chicken caesar salad I had was yummy but the chicken was cold.  The pizza my hubby ordered (white pizza with crumbled sausage) looked good.  He said he really liked it but they used olive oil instead of alfredo sauce.  The crust was thin, crispy, and homemade.  He stated the best part about it was the cheese and sausage.My mom-in-law had the fettucinnie alfredo and enjoyed it.
1	One of the worst dining experiences I have ever had.  Terrible service.  They forgot to bring out silverware after serving our salads.  They brought out our dinner literally 90 seconds after serving us our appetizer.  Then they brought out a meal we did not order.  Now for the food.  The lasagna was swimming in an ocean of sauce that tasted worse than the sauce you get in a supermarket.  My meatball sandwich had a grand total of one and a half meatballs  (three halved meatball slices) on the entire sandwich and my daughter could not eat her chicken fingers because they did not taste right.  How can you mess up chicken fingers?
4	I have been a patron of JOC for about 3 years consecutively and I have to say that it has fast become my watering hole on some evenings after leaving the office. It has a neighborhood, swanky bar vibe that I really like and the locals that are there make you feel right at home. The staff: A+. They are very inviting and friendly and they are familiar with the menu.The owners: Very wonderful Chicago couple and I have grown to love them dearly. I am looking forward to visiting their new place on Lindsay and Williams Field Rd in Chandler. The Food: Because I eat organic, clean and green I will give it 4 stars. Because I don't/choose not to/can't eat a lot of cheeses and fats I have a limited opinion of their menu. What I have had has been enjoyable. Karaoke on Saturday nights at 9pm. Always fun and exciting.You should try it. Thumbs up!! Natasha
