4	high profile restaurant/bar/nightclub group ... check(pure management  ... other vegas venues: lax, pure nightclub, tangerine lounge, noir bar)celebrity investors ... check(wilmer valderrama, nick lachey, nicky hilton)up-and-coming chef ... check(adam sobel)award-winning design firm ... check(avro | ko ... nyc projects: odea lounge, public restaurant, the stanton social)it seems the company american bistro didn't miss a thing on the "formula for a la/ny-style hip-happening restaurant" checklist. most places that follow this formula are all surface and no substance ... but company deliversservice: friendly (but not "hey bro" casual), fine dining professionalism (minus the crumb sweeping-flatware changing-formal dining antics), informative (w/o the "you're obviously unsophisticated, uncultured and uneducated" condescending attitude)food: an interesting bend on american cuisine w/ fresh and simple ingredients (the wild mushroom ravioli, macaroni casserole, and premier prime fat cap were all super tasty)environment: ski chalet meets uber modern lounge (antler chandeliers, slate stack stone, dark-stained woodwork, aspen tree-trunk room dividers, an installation of antique wooden skis covering a whole wall)next time i'm in vegas (if/when my back account recovers from this last trip) i'll definitely hit up company again
5	Yay, celebrities love new american cuisine as much as we do! Forget about the ridiculosity of the investors (Nick Lachey & Nicky Hilton & Wilmer Valderrama!) - the food here is actually excellent.  It's super trendy & you will be surrounded by people who think The Hills is a documentary but you will feel better after you have some complimentary warm pretzels, a few bottles of Vosse water, some freshly fried felafel, a fancied up Big Mac & some chicken and waffles. 5 stars is probably a little too much, but it was a pleasant surprise and you get to go into LAX for free, which is still paying too much, but it's very easy to make a night out of coming here, which I can appreciate.
3	We came here opening weekend becuase a friend of mine works in the kitchen. There were a few snafus in our service but I'll try to give them a break because they were only a weekend into learning their new routines.Fun fact: did you know that Marcel from Top Chef works here? Granted, this was in November and turnover at Vegas restaurants is so high that may no longer be the case...but still.As I mentioned, our service was very poor. Our server did not acknowledge us for almost 20 minutes and when they finally took our drink order the bar was out of the ingredients to make two of the three drinks at the table. The manager did buy our drinks for us and even escorted us directly into LAX for our troubles.The food was this places saving grace. With chef Adam Sobel and some of the other great line chefs of the area poached from other restaurants, I'd expect nothing less.Its a good place to start bar hopping evening. Hopefully they've fixed the front of house issues.
5	I went to High School with Marcel, one of the chefs here (you may know him as the obnoxious guy from Top Chef, who was cheated out of a win by elan) Either way his passion for cuisine and strive for perfection makes dining here a treat if only for the opportunity to sample one of his "molecular gastronomic" creations!  You have to remember you are in vegas, you aren't going to get a cheap meal, but Marcels expertiese makes it worth every penny.
2	A group of about 15 of us had an early dinner reservation during the week of MAGIC and were fairly disappointed.Let's start with the bad and then onto the good.  Bad:  bitchy service in the bar area as we waited for our party, slow service at our table in taking our orders, over an hour to get our meals delivered, two entrees sent back and most parties disappointed in the taste of their food.  Good:  a few servers were friendly and space is kind of cool in decor as it is a modern hunting lodge theme that we see in LA quite often (7 Grand).Bottom line is the prices are outrageous for average steak house food.  The menu reads somewhat inventive with flavorful combinations, however the execution is dismal.
4	Made reservations for 6:30 so we can make it in time for the "O" show. It was pretty empty since it was rather early. We had the best service. Our waiter was very friendly and we had a great conversation. The decor is trendy and comfortable. It's very spacious and roomy tables. I ordered the salmon and the bf got the rib eye with a side of tater tots. What classic american food right? Great food. Loved the tater tots. My salmon was made just right and tasted fresh. The bf loved his steak. It may have been a tiny piece for him but he loved every bite of it. He said it was juicy and tender with lots of flavor. For dessert we tried their assorted sorbets since it was homemade. Very interesting flavors. I especially liked the banana flavor. I had a lovely experience here and I will def. go back next time when I hit vegas again.
4	i was pretty skeptical about this spot since i never heard of it before.but at the end of the night, i was very impressed about this place. if you dont know what to dish to pick from the menu. i  recommend family style dinner chef's choice if you're in a large group. hell, i'll order family style dinner if it was just myself cause the food was very top notch. had i known there were two rounds, appetizers then main entrees then i would  have strategically be selective. during the first round, we probably had about 10 dishes so we didnt know. pretty expensive but you wont go home disappointed.i recommend this spot over bobby flay's. dont know why ppl dont like the guy but he's pretty good. i will try Nobu's next time.
5	All around, my experience at Company was FANTASTIC.We made reservations as it was Saturday evening, which ultimately were  not necessary, and had me slightly nervous at first, haha. However, I was proven wrong. Our server was fantastic, he was constantly present even though there was other staff constantly clearing our previous courses dishes, filling water, asking if we needed anything, etc. We split appetizers (I wish there was an online menu so I could be more specific: mine involved chicken and an Asian noodle my friend's involved a flatbread and goatcheese combination) and I don't remember what my friend ordered, but I got the pork entree, usually I am boring in restaurants and tend to order the safest dish, aka something with chicken. I am so glad I went this route. The pork was absolutely succulent and flavored perfectly with a drizzle of a balsamic based sauce. It was just right where I enjoyed the meat and the flavor didn't get too lost. The decor was astounding, I loved it!!!!!!! Our server offered us complimentary passes to LAX which was really nice, too bad we had theater tickets for that night.
1	If there was a '0' rating, I'd give it.We made a reservation a week in advance for our wedding rehearsal dinner. We ended up with 17 people and a reservation for 20. (Point being - if you know a large party is coming, have enough staff). The decor is nice enough. After being seated, it took nearly 20 minutes for our waiter to come over. At leat another 15 to get ANY drinks to the table. I didn't get my drink for almost 45 minutes. Our waiter was very rude and disinterested. When we asked if we could get the party split into a couple of smaller checks he said "That would be inconvenient for me and just wouldn't work". When I said he would still get tipped well, he said "Oh, I'll get my tip", (which he didn't, but that's for later). Our food took forever, came out a couple of portions at a time over about an hour. He said "Well, I'm the only waiter here tonight". The only saving grace was that the food was VERY good. I didn't taste anything (once we got it) that wasn't excellent. The menu is designed to have you order two or three 'entrees' and share them between people. But the portions are TINY. TINY. Not enough to be shared between two Ethiopians. The time between the first 'entree' being served and the last person getting his food was about an hour and 15 minutes. We got food we didn't order, didn't get a number of things we did order. I had ONE drink in almost three hours because he kept not bringing them. I can't possibly get across how bad the service was. Probably  the absolute worst service I've ever experienced. It pretty well ruined the dinner. I talked to the manager (the girl who made our reservation) and she was marginally sympathetic. I did talk her into removing the 18% gratuity and he got NOTHING. I've never not tipped (well) in a restaurant of this caliber, but this was well deserved. In all, we were there from 8:45 until almost 11:00 and it was like pulling teeth to get ANYTHING from our server. I would not recommend this place at all...ever. Maybe, maybe for a party of two who had four hours to kill to get served. Maybe.
4	Ate at the Company, as I was staying at the Luxor and seeing the (awful)Criss Angel show there that night. It ended up being an excellent choice. As I cannot tolerate paying $10 for a vodka tonic, I ordered from their speciality drink menu. Despite being completely ridiculous, I chose the Pure Seduction (vanilla vodka, Godiva white, Godiva dark, banana liquor, and half + half). I may never drink a normal drink again. Delicious. As a vegetarian, I had the Gruyere cheese puffs (minus the lobster oil), the CAB mixed green salad, and the miso glazed eggplant. Cheese puffs were a little dry (probably better with the lobster oil), salad was unexceptional, and the eggplant was amazing. My companion had the filet of beef, duck breast and yukon gold potatoes. He enjoyed all. For dessert we shared the persimmon tart and 3 freshly baked chocolate chip cookie (that came with a spiced hot chocolate). The tart was good, the cookies - the bomb. To top it all off, our server offered to escort us over to LAX (where the line had already stretched deep into the main lobby), so we didn't have to wait or pay a cover. Sadly, LiLo was no where to be seen.
2	This was my second time dining at Company. And unfortunately, it will probably be the last. Maybe that's not fair. I'll explain.I first dined at Company back in June. My party of six was seated by a waiter and looked after very attentively by three support servers clad all black pants, collared shirts and aprons. I felt a little under-dressed. The menu was upscale comfort food. My friend Katie gave me part of her delicious lobster BLT. My friend Colton gave me two spoonfuls of deliciously creamy mashed potatoes and the best creamed spinach I have ever had. I had the special that night, which was the jambalaya. It was fantastic. And there was so much of it, I couldn't even finish it all. Overall, I had a great experience and vowed to return.Over Thanksgiving weekend, I found out that a friend and I  would be staying at the Luxor for the Criss Angel show Believe (see that review before you go). I quickly made reservations for Company. I couldn't wait to show off this place that I "knew". And I wore a jacket and nice shoes this time too. The restaurant looked exactly the same as it did in June. Only now the waiters were clad in black t-shirts that had the word "Company" silkscreened across them. The very friendly waiter asked if I had dined here before. I proudly told him "Yes. Last June." To which he said "Oh. So you were here before our concept change." Concept change? Uh boy. He continued his rotely memorized patter "What our concept is now is that we take classic Western dishes and we combine them with Eastern ingredients to deliver small tasting plates with great variety." My heart and stomach sank. "So this is like an East/West tapas menu? Right?" To which he said "I'm glad you said that. That's a very good way of describing it." I checked in with my friend. It wasn't a deal breaker for him. So we soldiered on.The menu is divided into four sections: Sea, Sky, Land and Earth. We both ordered an item from each category.SEA: Seared Tuna w/ lemon, olive oil, wasabi greens - There was so little of this dish, I barely remember it.Lumb Crab Gratin w/shitake mushroom, bacon, leek and cotija cheese- This was really good. I'd like another portion of this. And to top it off, it was served in the same cast iron gratin dish that they used to serve the creamed spinach in. WHERE ARE YOU CREAMED SPINACH?SKY: Organic Duck Confit Potstickers- They were okay. I've never understood why you would hide duck confit in a potsticker that you are going to dip in a sauce.Chicken Breast w/mushroom ragout- The Eleanor Rigby  of this menuLAND: SoHo Kobe Beef Slider- Very good. But their current prevalence on so many gastropub menus didn't make me feel like it was anything terribly special. Filet of Beef w/brandy cream and melted leek- Good. Not really sure what a melted leek is though, either before or after I ate it.EARTH: Gruyere Cheese Puffs w/chive creme fraiche and lobster oil- On the dry side. This was the one dish that remained the longest on the table due to neither of us fighting over it.Chili Garlic Asparagus- Really good. Strands of baby asparagus. Glad it came out with the steak too.Overall, it was good food. After finishing all of the entrees, the waiter asked if we were still hungry. I answered with a qualified YES. He offered to bring the menu back. But I was thinking more about walking across the street to the Dan Marino Steakhouse at Hooters. Now THERE'S fine dining ;-). I capped off the meal with a dessert of Earl Grey chocolate cake with almond ice cream. SOOOOOO TINY. I guess I'd go to Company again. But I'd only bring a certain group of people with me. Their concept change has radically changed my concept of dining there. Good place for foodies to knock off a bunch of plates. Bad place for someone who hasn't eaten since the Chick-Fil-A four hours away in Upland, California.
1	Company is a prime example of what is wrong with the American craze with "Tapas-style dining."  It's an excuse to halve or even quarter the portion and tack on a few extra dollars to the price tag. Those of you who have been to real tapas places in Spain know that while the portions are on the smaller side, if you order a few plates you'll be pretty darn full. Stateside, it seems as if the trend veers towards "single panko-crusted green bean." FYI, that'll be $10. That's exactly what you get at Company: teeny, tiny, uninspired dishes.Now, I'm all for tasting a wide variety of unusual or off-the-beaten-path dishes. If you've got yams hand raised by blind zen masters in the fertile volcanic soil of Mt. Who-gives-a-damn, I want to be the first to try them. You won't get anything so original at Company. Just a bunch of run-of-the-mill, generic tapas dishes. You have duck potstickers? Really? Never had those before! Seared Ahi? Quel surprise!Service was lackluster, unless surly waiters in blue jeans and silk-screened t-shirts are your thing, in which case consider this your Mecca.  They even forgot to bring out our last dish until we reminded them a few times that we were still waiting (and still starving, I might add.)One star for the delicious cocktails in the lounge adjacent, which are half-off during their unadvertised happy-hour (no wonder this place is dead!) Try the Sexy Clean.Take a pass on this one.
4	The Sliders were BRUTAL...... We barely pulled "Away from the bar." The bar-staff.... The Best.
4	This place was great in terms of the food and drinks... I ordered the salmon and a side of mashed potatoes and it was awesome! The mini sliders were expensive but great as well! The shot of Patron I had actually ended up being a double shot which was awesome as well! LOL! I gave them a four because they took FOREVER to come to serve us. We were wondering what took so long since there was barely anyone there...  but anyway, once we got served everything took only a lil while to come out to us.I think we spent about 80 bucks for two people which isn't bad and we got full...!The decor is a little weird and woody but it was cute and different...
4	I recently stayed at the Luxor and was happy to find a deal in Las Vegas - not the easiest thing! They have a brew of the day for $3, which is exactly the kind of deal that makes me happy. The food isn't bad, from the little we sampled, and the atmosphere is cool - darkly lit, dark leather and a stone slate bar counter.
3	I dined here on a recent trip to Vegas.I had the Kobe beef sliders.  They were ok, but not worth the $13 I paid for them.  (Side note:  My friend almost got sick from eating them because they were too rich for her liking.)  I also had their Shichimi fries.  Those were good - nice & spicy.  Also had some Yukon Gold mashers, and those were good too.They poured decent cocktails.  I would probably go here again next time I go to Vegas if I am hungry and in the area.
4	We had dinner there and it was good. It was a bit pricey and the portions small but it was a nice dinner and we got great service. We had a great time.I would return but I would order more food. We underestimated how much we would eat and then drank too much!
4	Twenty or so bleached-blonde, surgically enhanced 'exotic dancers' parading past our table wasn't on the menu, but it did make waiting for our food slightly less painful...We were first allured into this place since it was on the way to the restroom in between watching Greg lose more money at Let It Ride in Luxor.  Minh spotted a sign that indicated a $4 menu and showed what was labeled as crispy mashed potato sticks, or something of that nature.  Basically twinkie-sized tator tots with chives, bacon, and a spiral of sour cream on the outside of them - for $4, YESH PREAZE.After a few more trips and a lot more free beers, we decided to check the place out for appetizers prior to waiting for the rest of the group to arrive in Vegas.  First, I ordered a cucumber salad (can't resist me some cucumber) which was $6 of disappointment.  Probably a half of a cucumber sliced very thin (almost too thin to crunch) with sesame seed oil on top.  That's all.  It would have been fine for $3, but not $6.  Minh ordered the mashed potato sticks, I ordered the kobe sliders, and B ordered the "dirty fries" on recommendation from the hostess.  Mashed potato sticks were basically what they were billed as, although none of us recalled tasting any bacon...  The kobe sliders were actually very nice, I'll definitely use Hawaiian bread the next time I cook sliders too, butter lettuce was a nice touch too!   But the best of all were the dirty fries - cajun spiced fries drizzled with muenster cheese and thick chunks of bacon - extremely tasty.Was enough for us to hit the place back up at dinner with the larger group.  The only thing really out of the ordinary about the experience was the line of what must have been two dozen (we ASSUME) strippers with their dbag escorts at the tables behind us.  They significantly slowed down the service to our table, but most of us didn't mind watching (sorry, Ann).  In the end, slightly overpriced and some slightly over-salted food, but there were a lot of nice flavors and the presentation was excellent.  And come to think of it, we never did see that $4 menu...
3	We decided to eat here for a couple reasons - we were staying at the Luxor, and when you eat there, you get free admission to LAX, the club right next door. There were four of us and we ordered the beer battered shrimp, mac and cheese, kobe sliders, and BBQ chicken pizza. They serve them 'family style' so that everyone can share. The portions were a bit smaller than I had anticipated. But because we had to wait so long for our drinks, we were given free ranch chips which helped fill us up. The food was decent, nothing to flip over, but I enjoyed it. The Jalapeno mayo that accompanied the shrimp was great. Just the right amount of heat to offset the crunchy and sweet shrimp. Dessert was another story. We ordered the cobbler only to be told 20 minutes later that there was no cobbler. So we went with the Bananas Foster. Now, I am a huge Bananas Foster fan and I believe I have a discerning palate for the delicious dessert. It came arranged in a light cookie bowl with huge slices of banana and the sauce was poured over by our waiter. I don't think they ever flambeed the sauce because it was nearly all rum. And I understand its Vegas, and most peoples #1 objective is to get plastered, but I wanted to enjoy my dessert without needing a chaser. We were given free chocolate truffle lollipops for the cobbler mishap, but even they werent top notch. I guess why I'm giving it 3 stars is because I enjoyed my dinner and it got us into LAX for free (normally a $30 cover, yikes)Check it out if you're staying in the Luxor - we spent $30 each on dinner with drinks. Not too shabby!
5	A jewel in the rough (Luxor)!   The dishes are thoughtfully prepared and the ingredients are top notch.  The menu is moderately priced and the wine list is extensive.  We don't expect much from restaurants in the Luxor but this one was worth the trip.
4	The only reason we were in the Luxor was to see the Criss Angel show which was a total waste of money.  Company actually served really good food and the hostess hooked us up with free entrance for our entire group of 10 to the club LAX.  I have to say that the hookup was really nice considering it was me and 9 guys.  No one ever wants to let guys in for free...especially little Asian guys since they can't really drink that much before turning red and throwing up.  The club must be really hurting...but back to Company - food and service were both excellent and I highly recommend the Kobe sliders that came on sweet Hawaiian bread, the spiced fries and the pork sandwich - YUM YUM YUM
3	Great location, good food, great service.  Just a bit pricey, and small portions.  The food was good, just small.  Great Sunday super special too.  Think they need to reevaluate the pricing structure.  This ain't the best place to eat on the strip, but I feel they want to be priced that way.  The whole vibe was sweet, great service, worth the try for a lunch.  Just not maybe the nice dinner you would be expecting
4	My review is a little dated since I have eaten at Company twice and both times were last year.  I remember the first experience at Company being almost perfect.  We had a party of eight people getting hyped to watch Dane Cook perform next door so we stopped in Company.  We had reservations and were immediately seated by the polite hostess.  The waiter was great with the orders and the food was good.  Some minor problems were the pricing at the time.  $9 per Prawn? A little on the high side for certain items.  Second vist was before heading into the LAX nightclub.  Seated at the bar area adjacent to the restaurant.  Bartender was very nice, cocktails were the usual strip pricing :/.  The now have tapas style apps during club nights which are decent and reasonably priced.Overall, Company is a good bistro to visit and try out.  Service and food quality are consistent and top notch.
