5	I guess it's 5 stars.  It's the only one in Arizona.  I assume they stock most of the kits available now, there's a giant wall with bins of parts you can purchase by the cup (2 sizes), and lots on display (behind child-proof windows).  The store is clean and adequately staffed.  What else do you look for in a LEGO store?  Although there were plenty of kids there, they were well-behaved for the most part and engaged, not out of control little lunatics.  My husband seemed pleased-and he's 34.
5	This store used to be the only one in Arizona but this year there's another one open up in Glendale.  Nice store and friendly employees, me and my kids have spend countless hours in this store and not to mention spending a lot of moolah as well :-) Two months ago I bught myself the Green Grocer and then last month it was discountinued. So glad that I pick it up before it went out of stock. They do have some nice PAB but it would be nice if they bring it some new parts every now and then. Overall, I am pleased with this store and give it a 5 stars!
5	My baby boy is going to flip when I bring him to this store.  I didn't know they had a Lego Store at the Chandler Fashion Center, so imagine my surprise when I turned the corner and there it was, building block heaven.  I ended up buying a couple more cars.  My little boy is crazy about building different cars and airplanes with the Legos.  Can't wait to bring him here.
4	Whoa! This place is cool! It brings out my inner child.I went in there a few months back with a couple friends and we sat in there and played with the legos. There are shelves and buckets of organized legos, and things that I never knew existed such as lego girl hair, something that would have really came in handy back when I played with legos on a more regular basis.
5	I purchased the wrong Lego kit, Nick & Mckinzie helped me with the return.  You know the mystery miniatures, they helped me find the two my kids were dying for! They also helped me find the new Hero Factory movie (we almost wore out Rise of the Rookies)!  Thanks guys!
5	I wanted a Lego Portrait for my grandson. I was referred to a Lego artist, Dave Shaddix, by the Lego Store. I contacted Dave, emailed my grandson's picture to him (BTW: my 6 year old grandson grooves on Legos). Dave responded via email with what the portrait would look like. I gave him the go ahead, and Dave created a FANTASTIC Lego Portrait of my grandson. This will be a family heirloom. Dave's contact info:Dave Shaddix602-618-1335http://southwestbricks.com
5	The staff here are always cheerful, friendly and helpful -- even when the place is crawling with people.  The prices are no worse than anywhere else and they have a fantastic stock of kits on the shelves and put together as examples.
5	Who doesn't love LEGOs? Tell me and I'll make sure they do; just playing :P.I love Legos and to be in a store filled with expensive Legos makes me feel like a little kid in Disneyland. If I was rich, I would buy this store in a heartbeat and build everything and anything I want. The workers are so nice -- the first time we got Legos here, one of the cashier gave us this little lego piece for free and that was pretty awesome (well we got about $1 - 200 worth of legos so one little piece isn't a steal, lol). Best place ever if you love Legos!! :)
5	Great store for all things Lego. All Present Lego sets are available at store. Great service.
5	I love this store. I really have no other reason to ever go to a mall besides the Lego Store. They do have most of the sets in stock. Even the ones that according to the web site are hard to find.The staff is always very nice and helpful. Sometimes the store can be in a little bit of disarray but that is because of the herd of little kids that descend upon the place and we all know the state kids leave things in. Props to the staff for trying to stem the kid tide of destruction but sometimes the broom doesn't hold back the ocean. Yes I know it is a children geared store but still. I try and go during the day or early on a Saturday before the tide hits full force.None of the sets are all that cheap, at least the ones worth getting, but at least there is the VIP program. If you buy a lot of Legos do yourself a favor and sign up. The rewards can add up quick and then if you save enough you can get a free set and a good one too. Also several times a year they have a week or two where they offer double points on all purchases. This is the time to go for the kill.Sure kids make the mistake that Legos are for them but we all know they are really for adults. I think it is pretty cool to start with one brick and watch it turn into a pirate ship or a house or a castle. Sure you can order sets on-line but it is so much better to physically see it and hold it and then walk out of the store with it that day instead of having to wait to have it shipped. I do take a little joy in being able to walk in the store and buy one of the larger more expensive sets and see the kids drool over my purchase. I think that's right I have a job and make my own money and I can afford this on my own. *evil laugh*Lego Store is the best store ever. Just wish I had more money. Then again maybe not because then you would see me on the next episode of hoarders up to my arm pits in Legos. Which is probably a bad thing.
5	We want to express our gratitude for store employee Corey for assisting us in finding a rare mini figure piece to allow our 12 year old son Tyler (who has autism and is very specific to his desires) to complete a minifigure with from the build your own minfig station.  Corey went out of his way to find us a piece that we have been searching for online only to find it way over priced by private sellers- we really appreciate his fortitude in making our day very successful (plus it was Mother's Day as well so seeing my kiddo happy really made my day even that much more special) Thank you Corey for a job well done!!
5	What's not to love about the LEGO store inside the Chandler Mall?  The store is always clean and the staff is always friendly and helpful.  I appreciate the way they interact with my preteen kids - recognizing that the kids are the customer and focusing on them rather than on me.  It's obvious that they value the young customers.Never been disappointed!
5	It's LEGO blocks, sets and great scenes built to look through and enjoy - stealing Rachel M.'s line - "what's not to love"?The staff was very friendly and helpful to all the customers and they seemed knowledgeable about what was available and ordering from other stores to get the products people wanted.  It was clean and well kept up despite the dozen or so little ones playing in every bin.  It was really tempting to buy the Star Wars set and relive our youth through building a Millennium Falcon!Overall: A+Toys. Friendly staff.  Nostalgia.
5	Who doesn't love this store!? Came in here for my nephews who love LEGO and I must say they will be very happy with their gifts. Of course the staff was friendly and knowledgable, and of your a VIP member you get even more perks! Got a few sets that were on sale, and even saw some friends Lego sets for my girls! Me and the hubby even got cute little keychains of an ewok and boba fett! :) Will definitely be back here! Either for sets or just individual parts we might need, great customer service and fun always gets the customers coming back for more!
5	What else can be said about this place? It carries every type of lego you could possibly dream of. They have gift sets (so bring a wad of cash cause they are not cheap). The employees are friendly and helpful and they will even help you look for things online if they do not carry them in store. If you need legos, look no further.
4	good place to stop by and let my son play for a bit. too bad they took one of the two play tables out... now only 1 for the kids to play at.
