4	We stopped by this place on our lunch bereak from our very very boring convention which I fell asleep several times.  It was a nice day and we decided to sit on the outside patio and enjoy the sun and people walking by.  I had the sausage which was good.  My coworkers had a burger, a grouper fish and some spaghetti which was perfectly done.  And we all had beer to wash it down.
5	Great flat oven pizza!  Nice decor as well, very clean and new feeling.  Kid friendly without feeling like a family restaurant.  Lots of selection on the menu (of pizzas), so you will please everyone in the group!
2	It was a Saturday around lunch time, my girlfriend and I sat down at a table outside. We were not in a rush by any standards.You could tell that they were very much understaffed on the floor, because it looked like there was only one waitress running around trying to do everything. The restaurant was about 1/3 full.We waited for about 10-15mins for our menus, it took us 5 minutes to choose what we would like to eat, and continued waiting for our waitress to stop by and take our order.I am usually a patient person, but after another 15mins we decided to get up and leave. I was really hoping to try this place and what they offer, but 30mins before our order was even taken. Was enough for me.Maybe next time
2	So today we went back to Pizzadelic to give them another chance. They had to be about 5 tables besides us.I had the Pizza which was good, my Girlfriend didn't really like her Calimari, she said it tasted reheated.Everything was decent, the only thing that concerned me was that there was 3-4 tables that arrived after us who's order was taken after ours, and recieved there food before us.As a client, seeing that can be a little concerning, and being someone who works in the restaurant industry, it's a big no, no.There is other places i will choose, before i go back here.
1	I used to come here with my girlfriend (now wife) back in the late 90's, but I don't know what has happened since - has my taste changed, has the resto had new owners? I don't know, but what was once a good experience has dried up and has blown away. First of all, the Jappy clientele are really annoying and grating to have to listen too while trying to unwind, but what can you do about that? Not the resto's fault, just another nail in the coffin for me though.The server we had was alright, she did her job, but so indifferent and impersonal it was a little offensive. Every time she spoke to us, she would say something rehearsed, but pleasant, but never made eye contact. She would be gawking at another table, anything but us. Rude in any culture.We ordered a pitcher of sangria - not hard to make. But it had little alcohol and was all ice cubes and obviously tasted like water - stale bar water. Returned it as it was $22 and got a little attitude for it. The pizza was alright. It cam on a mozza like bread and had very little toppings. The cheese was scarce as was the meat, and the taste was nothing to write home about. I had to drown it in the spicy oil they give you for it to be any good. It was an awful choice as it was a rare night out away from our daughter and we blew it here at this place. The bill was pretty steep for a pizza that probably cost them a dollar to make, so that was the last time we go to Pizzadelic. All the spicy oil in the world wouldn't make us go back.
