5	Amber owns this hidden, and jammin, gem! Talk about exclusive & personal! I first met AMber when she taught a class at my jammin shop, www.facebook.com/JamminAZ, and realized then how knowledgeable & passionate she was in regards to beauty from the inside out. I went for my first signature facial at Sage Organic Skincare last night & it was jammin! The place is clean and fresh, very anthro-inspired and she is magical! You do not want to miss - tell her Miss Jam sent you!
5	Amazingly relaxing.  By far the best aesthetics experience I've ever had.  I trust that Amber uses the most pure ingredients to find- raw local honey, coconut oil, and well-researched brands that I'd never even heard of.  The next morning my skin was glowing and radiant, which made me oh so happy inside & out.  Planning to go back on a monthly basis if not sooner to try out more of the makeup & sunscreens she carries.
5	LOVE IT..EVERY MINUTE OF IT.  Amber is amazing at what she does, I came in expecting nothing, allowing myself to just move by the moment.  I first walk in to a very quaint beautiful little place, literally feels like you are in La Joya, Ca. very exclusive, very clean, beautifully decorated.  Then you meet sweet Amber, which by the way is stunning, but extremely grounded and humble nature about her.  Next, we proceed to the facial room which had great music playing, peaceful and serene.  All products are natural, she message my arms and feet, which are really clean....LOL. 75 minutes of pure luxury.  Thank you Amber for the wonderful experience.  You have a new customer in me, and I will definitively tell all my friends about your service.  I say to the rest of you... go the one facial I got, is only $65---super worth it.  I got mine from Groupon...but I'm going back cause $65 is nothing for what you get... my skin is glowing!!!!www.sageorganicsaz.com
5	If you are looking for a facial at an unpretentious location in the Biltmore area, I would highly recommend visiting Amber at Sage Organic Skin Care. This self professed "Hippy in Heels" has built a chic, serene salon in the heart of Phoenix. Her shop is just lovely and the facial I received was completely relaxing and rejuvenating. She uses all natural, non toxic ingredients which were gentle on my sensitive skin. Upon receiving such an excellent facial, I immediately purchased a gift certificate for my mother, so that she can feel as pampered as I had.
5	Amber and this lovely zen spot are a treasure!  Her place is a perfect hideaway from your everday stresses.  My facial was relaxing, her all natural products were extremely soothing and her expertise is second to none.  I highly reccomend her services and I look forward to going back.!!
5	First time I've ever had a facial and I cannot believe I've waited so long.  Amber did a wonderful job.  The ambiance is very soothing and relaxing.  I had read a few reviews about the nice music and I really have to agree.  It's not your normal, birds and tropical sounds or waves crashing, it was just nice calming music.  The organic products felt really good.  I did have a bee chase me later when I got home, I think that was the honey.  lol.  But I didn't even care because my face felt great.  The hand/foot massage were a added bonus/surprise.I have already booked my next facial and I have and will suggest Sage to friends.
5	This was the first facial I've ever had and, oh my gosh, it was wonderful.  Amber is gentle, professional, and absolutely knows shat she is doing.  I cannot believe how great my skin looks this morning.  Really.  The atmosphere is inviting and relaxing, the music is great, and the treatment far exceeded my expectations.  I'll be going back every month from now on.  Do yourself a favor and make an appointment. You will be glad you did!
2	Came for extractions - came out with foot massage -not sure what was the facial about :/ not worth the money
5	AWESOME!! I cannot rave enough about Amber and Sage Organic.  Amber is amazing!! She has a true gift for facials.  Her place is a completely relaxing environment! The ambiance is terrific and her technique is wonderful! I went once just to try it, and now I go back every month. I wish I could go every week!
5	Located not far from the Biltmore area and just West of Arcadia, Sage Organic Skin Care is a respite from the hustle of the surrounding area.  Conveniently just South of N. 32nd & E. Camelback Rd. ( Safeway, Hava Java, Dry Bar, Tarbell's, etc.) Amber welcomes you into her sun-filled waiting area that has cool jewelry, excellent organic products and sayings and quotes throughout.  She knows her products and researches each line to make certain that she's comfortable using the products for herself and clients.  The products that she uses include yogurt, honey, oatmeal, Dr. Alkaitis, Raw Elements, and ACURE.  She even sells a local product line (lotus wei by Katie Hess) that is quickly becoming a national and international sensation.  I've scheduled a number of facials with Amber, and each time it's been customized just for me!  Whether I'm needing more moisturizing or exfoliating, I know that I'm in great hands. The aesthetics room is a comfortable and accommodating space that is mainly white with hints of vintage apothecary and nostalgic signage.Her price points, friendly demeanor and knowledge of organic skincare make her a much sought-after esthetician.  Call Amber soon and schedule your organic facial soon.  You'll make a new friend and leave feeling great!
5	I don't know where to begin with this review and the amazing experience that I had at Sage. I am very picky with where I get my facials done, which I have tried many many places, I was hesitant to try a new place on which a whim. When I spoke with Amber I wasn't even going to make an appointment but she was so accommodating and sweet, I immediately felt at easy.Sage conveniently located no matter what part of town you are coming from, but I would drive as far needed to come here again. The space is decorated very cute and feels warm, also is very clean. No worries about cleanliness here.Everything about my facial was amazing.. The bed is so comfortable, all products used are organic and I mean truly organic not just "natural" so no worries about mast chemicals here. I was so relaxed when I walked out. I also appreciated that there was no high pressure sales to purchase all of the products that were used, this always happens at most spas.When I woke up the next morning my skin was glowing.. The facial was very gentle so I wasn't sure what to expect as far as results. I have never had such good results from a facial. All my facials will now be done at Sage. Amber is simply the best!
5	I'll have to write about how amazing my facial was later! PS - Don't wear perfume!
5	I have had many facials and have paid high dollar for facial products, but after having experienced a facial by Amber I can say I can't imagine ever reverting back to those expensive hotel and impersonal places again. You can tell that Amber is very knowledgable about skincare and the organic products she uses to help give me the glowing skin I desired. The environment is both welcoming and peaceful and immediately gave me a relaxing feeling the moment I stepped foot in the door. You can't go wrong with any service offered by Amber. I fully intend to go back as often as I can! Thanks Amber!
5	Really ecstatic that a spa that uses natural ingredients is available in Phoenix! I went for my first facial in years yesterday and now my skin is smooth, soft and supple!  The ambiance is perfect from the moment you walk in, where the lighting and decor is inviting and the fragrance of the natural oils and products she uses welcomes you in.  I see that a lot of people mention not to wear perfume and understand why.  It's not that she asks you not to, because she doesn't. But, if you wear perfume or synthetic fragrances, your senses won't be able to fully enjoy the wonderful holistic environment she's created.  Thanks Amber!  I'll be telling others about Sage!
5	Amber is amazing! Such a welcoming, clean, boutique feeling atmosphere. My skin is glowing. I will absolutely be coming back!!
