5	Great service and very honest. I highly recommend using them for your auto repairs.
5	Being new in town we've been looking for a mechanic to repair my husbands jeep. I called Joel and he answered right away, explained his process and said he'd keep me informed before he made any repairs. When he found the problems he gave me a quote and walked me through everything. He quickly fixed the car to get it back up and running. Joel is very detailed and honest. I will definitely bring our car there again.
5	Very honest and Reliable.Best experience I've ever had with a mechanic
5	I am also new in town so relied on yelp to find a good repairman when my car ran over a tire on the road the other day. I called this Saturday morning and they were able to get me in today with a quick turn around. Joel actually showed me under my car exactly what they did for a very affordable cost.  Very Honest and Excellent customer service!!!
5	By far the best auto repair shop I've ever been to. I originally started going to Joel a little over a year ago for oil changes, but when I had an issue with my (awful) Cadillac Catera I decided to give him a try. I was definitely impressed with the value, quality, and responsiveness of his work and shop. He offers free pick up and drop off services within a five mile radius and has even fixed some of the smaller issues with my car for free.Would highly recommend to anyone in the area!
5	OUTSTANDING!The work done by Joel is exceeded only by his honesty. Great prices and you are always kept in the loop as far as what will/is/needs to be done.
5	Joel is awesome & does excellent work at the best rates i've seen from a pro mechanic. If we lived in a small town, he would be the mechanic that everyone knows & trusts. He's old-school, but on top of everything current. He checks TSB's and shows you the old parts without even asking. I would trust sending my mom to him.
5	Joel is amazing. I love how real he is. No BS. He does a good job, fixes your car right and at an affordable price. I've used Joel several times when I had my older car and needed a lot of repairs and the husband has brought his car here as well. If you need any work done, take it to Joel... he's amazing!
5	What do you look for in a mechanic?Honesty.  Joel is straightforward and will let you know exactly what he did to your car or what needs to be done.  When searching for good mechanics, you want someone that will not only take care of your car, but prevent things from happening.  I have never felt pressured when dealing with Joel.  He has even walked me through during his inspection of my car.Reliability.  I have a Toyota and Honda, and Joel has done oil changes, changed breaks, and performed maintenance inspections to prevent any severe malfunctions in my vehicles.  As a result, if you take care of your car, get your oil changes, perform maintenance checks, your car should run smoothly...only if you have a reliable mechanic checking it out.Joel is from the midwest and truly cares about what he does.  Like I said, I have been coming here for 2 years, and to add some validity and criticism to this review:  the only problem I had was when one of his mechanics did not reset the oil meter in my car after an oil change.  Other than that, my only beef with Joel is he is a Denver Broncos fan.  Coming from Southern California and an avid Charger fan, this may pose some issues.  However, Joel and I can both agree about one thing, we hate the Raiders!Come see Joel if you are in North Phoenix or need a major fix.  Test him out and see the kind of service he gives you.  I have been a happy customer the past 2 years.  We will see you again for our next check up!
