1	Stay away. Flat out rip-off. Grossly overpriced.
1	HORRIBLE, WORST scooter store in Vegas!!! I'd give NO STARS if I could       Rode scooter to this store with starting problem, blinkers didn't work, and front end was slightly not straight. Told him i just installed all performance parts but its been sitting for over a month and before that it was sitting for more than a couple.  First old guy with a wandering eye explains mechanic isn't in shop, he'll look at it, and see what he can do.  I asked him about how much to get blinkers and starting to work better, and he said its $45 for the checking and that it would go towards the fixing price.  I told him I was pretty sure I needed battery and as he's taking apart the scooter tells me who ever worked on it didn't know what they were doing because the "fuel valve" was missing. I explained that I was told some scooters have them and some don't, that it depends on carb having a stopping pin or something like that.  I asked him then to replace the "fuel valve" and hoses and battery and asked about how much was I looking at.. Tells me $150.. I was surprised but really wanted to sell the scooter ASAP so I agreed and left.      Later I get a call from a lady that seemed like she was on drugs, both when I seen her when dropping off scooter and when i finally picked it up, passed the phone to person I dealt with when I dropped off scooter.  He begins to tell me the carb i had was junk so he had to replace with new one.  I said "WHAT!!??? It's brand new, high performance." He revs the gas in back ground and says doesn't it sound better.  I said "no, I'm on my way down there."  I get there and he tells me again he had to replace carb because the one i had was junk and I told him that it was weird because I payed good money for it.  I was really confused about his reasoning, and asked him to explain... He tells me that he couldn't adjust my carb and I didn't understand because its an adjustable carb.  Then he tells me he couldn't adjust the idle. Again, I was confused because even I know how to adjust the idle. I get my scooter mechanic friend on phone and pass the phone to the guy.  I hear the guy say I put a new carb on the scooter, $75... Hands me back the phone and my friend says tell him to put that carb back on the bike and get the hell outta there.  I hang up the phone, and the guy goes to try and show me how good the carb is and the scooter doesn't start.  I said thats the whole reason I brought it in. Then he replies that its because of the "starter bearings". I asked him then why change the carb and not fix the bearings... He tells me if I want he'll put the "old junk one" back on but he wont put the new one back on. Told him thats fine because i didn't want a new carb.     A guy cuts in and tells me to wait out front because they don't have insurance to cover me and he's charging me 2 hours labor and $35 for fuel valve, so my total was $92.50.  I leave and pick up my wife to bring me back to pick up scooter.  On the way I bring up website I order all my parts from and pull up the "fuel valve" and price says $3.95... which is also called a "petcock". The old guy brings out the scooter to showroom and so I asked, "now explain to me what you did."  He says he put on the fuel valve and connecting hoses, so I say that cost almost $100? for a petcock??? I show him the picture on my phone with $3.95 in red under the picture.  I then asked if he fixed the blinkers and he said "What!! you want me to do a wiring job for $150???" I said please pull out the receipt that you wrote out as a quote when I got here and his partner grabs the slip and as I look over to point out the problems were starting, blinkers, and front end alignment.  NOTHING FIXED!!!! The old guy starts to twitch and tells me "take this scooter and get the F@%* out of here and don't come back!!"     I gladly took my scooter and rolled it to the body shop next door, asked them for a jump and was promptly on my way home.  Got home and checked carb and the guy leaves every screw loose (lucky didn't lose one on way), turns idle completely off, which is why I had to keep giving gas to keep running at stop signs on my way.Horrible, horrible, horrible!!!! DO NOT GO HERE!!! Rip off, scam artists... I can tell they are probably going to shut down soon. ( never no customers in window when I pass ) They probably didn't have a customer before me for a while, so they were trying to get as much $$ out of me as possible. I look young so they thought I was some kid that didn't know anything... Excuse me sir, I'm 34 years old! SCOOTER STOP is 100x worse than any other scooter store in vegas!!! Never will I recommend, NEVER!!!! HORRIBLE, HORRIBLE, HORRIBLE!!!!!!
1	I had my back tire tube replaced here and less than a WEEK later its flat again. I walked it there again. Asking if I could get fixed for free because of the 30 warranty, he tells me when he first worked on it, that the tire was balding so I must have ran over a nail. Neglected to tell me that I should of replaced it  while I was already there getting it replaced the first time. His excuse was he wanted me to pay as LITTLE as possible that trip. Ended up costing me close to 200 in total. Not to mention I had to wait 2 days for each trip to get my moped back.
1	Don't ever come here! Worst shop everThey rip you off and are very rudeThey are nice at first I bought this brand new battery from them for about $80 and the thing was dead I had it tested since it didn't work and only had 20% charge a brand new battery can you believe that? I went back to return and get my money back since they sold me a dead battery and claimed was brand new They wouldn't take it back instead they were rude Pleas no one come to this shop ever.
