3	My friends and I had been wondering why any place in the center of a strip mall would be called Crusin 4 anything so I was happy that once I walked into Cruisin 4 Yogurt and understood the name.  The auto shop theme is a different spin on things and I like the containers that the toppings are in.  I am glad that there is a frozen yogurt shop in Surprise but to be honest the yogurt is just ok.
4	The gourmet son and I have been here several times since school started and each time the yogurt is fresh and delicious. The decor is retro and fun with 3 televisions showing old tv shows or movies. Once we even got to watch an old episode of Ozzie and Harriet. The store is clean, the staff is friendly and helpful, and I like their frequent visitor plan--instead of having to keep track of a card that gets punched, they have your phone number logged into their computer and add points to your account. Get 500 points and you get a free yogurt! Not too shabby! Plus for those of you who need fundraisers, Cruisin also offers fun fundraisers as well!
5	Who in their right mind does not like Yogurt?  Well this place takes it up a notch by having a really fun atmosphere with old style tv shows playing and some unique decor from years past. The Yogurt is really the best part...and the flavors really pop here and are quite tasty.  I found even the Vanilla Bean flavor to be more tasty than other shops in the area.  Prices were reasonable and they do have a frequent customer program that does not require a card.  Worth a repeat visit!  And yes, this is five star worthy because for a yogurt shop, this is as good as it gets!
4	Wife took me here after stopping by here on a whim with some friends a few weeks earlier, I don't know what metrics you judge a frozen yogurt shop on but I'll have to say it was quite delicious.  The shop is clean, the yogurt is self serve, they have several machines on the back wall and each machine has 2 flavors w an additional middle handle for swirl, I put like 5 different flavors in my cup and then assaulted it with their generous toppings bar, they had fresh toppings too, but my cup was already looking a little too ambitious by the time I got that far.  for 2 Generous cups of frozen yogurt, and a water bottle approx $10. And I must say the running board walls and classic car theme has to make this the manliest frozen yogurt shops I've ever seen.
4	I'll keep this simple & sweet, just like this shop!The yogurt is good!They always have the basic flavors & they rotate some seasonal flavors so there is always something new! There are good quality toppings.The service is great :)
5	Great place to chill out. The yogurt and topping choices change often so there is always a variety of good choices! Nutrition info is clearly posted for each flavor and an unsweetened choice is always available for those watching sugars.Lemon or green apple yogurt - add gummie bears gets my vote!The owners support community organizations with fundrasiers and host a weekly car show too.
4	In summary, good yogurt can be found here!Pros: They have a great variety of toppings and they keep adding more each time I've been there. There is a 50's theme. They have retro magazines set on the counter and even the TV shows are from the 50's. The service is always great! Instead of having you carry a point card with you and losing it, they track your points using your phone number, so you get earn free yogurt, which I have been utilizing alot!Cons: It's tucked away in a strip mall next to a Walmart Grocery, so you might miss it if you're looking for it.Tell your friends to get great yogurt here and support this quaint little yummy local yogurt shop!
4	The strip-mall location is terrible, but maybe it will lure me into a fro-yo pedicure some afternoon or convince me to enroll my daughter in the dance studio next door so I can eat yogurt on the sly.  I'm thinking about it.The yogurt is the usual frozen yogurt.  The only non-dairy choice I've ever seen there is the pineapple sorbet stuff.  I can't find a list of flavors online and it'd be nice to see a list posted in the window or something so I don't have to wander around the back of the shop to formulate a plan of attack.  The topping bar has the usual add-ons, but the magnetized dispensers seem to always fall off in my hand as I'm trying to turn the handle to get the right amount.  About half of the time, I have way too much in the measuring cup below. What exaclty am I supposed to do with an extra half a cup of Oreo crumbs?  Leave them?  Dump them in my bowl?  Speaking of the Oreos, those dispensers are not a good match for things that are better left in chunks, rather than powder.  Same goes for the Butterfinger chunks.  Another suggested topping would be Mother's Circus Animal Cookies.  Now those, I'd happily take the extra half cup!The 50s and car decor is not my thing, but the kids do love the swivel stools and trash cans. The last time I was there, the cashier did not ask me for my phone number for yogurt points and it slipped my mind as I was wrangling yogurt cups and kids.  Not a big deal, though, because I'll be back again later this week.
4	They r a really fun place to go to on friday nights cause theirs a car show. Thats really fun to see and the yogurt is good
4	I took my son and daughter  to Cruisin 4 Yogurt  as a reward for their good grades.  I'd driven by it a million times when I do my grocery shopping, just never had a chance to try it.  The staff was very friendly.  They had a decent variety of yogurt and toppings.  I took some Irish mint yogurt and pumpkin cheesecake home to my husband.   My kids had the Dulce de leche.  They loved choosing their tops.
4	My family and I really enjoy this fun little shop!  Frozen yogurt shops are all over, but this place is different.  They have a few TVs going with movies for the kids.  Cool race car tables and seats for the adults.  I think they have the other shops in Surprise beat in terms of the variety of flavors, but lack a little in the toppings realm.  Overall this is still a great little shop and always my first choice when the FroYo bug bites!
5	I met the owner, Dwight, through some mutual friends. He and his family offer a delicious selection of frozen yogurts, host a classic car show every Friday, and are very supportive of our community. They provided free yogurt (not teensy samples, regular size!) for 100's of people and enlisted all their vintage car buddies to attend and support a canned-goods drive/community event. I know they are hard to find, but it's worth the effort!
4	It was not bad.  '50s style atmosphere with a friendly staff.  Their prices were comparable to other frozen yogurt shops but their selection and topping selection is smaller than that of Yogurt-ini.  I would more than likely return though.  Check them out if you're in the area.
5	Great service and great yogurt can't wait to return again
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE this place!  Such a nice treat after a long day.  Convenient location and the service is wonderful.  Stopped in today for a treat today and the girl that helped me was so cute.  Sophie was her name I think.  She was wonderful and helpful.  I loved the coffee yogurt she recommended with all the toppings.  YUM!Oh, and at Cruisin' they also have old movies like Singing in the Rain, Grease and on Friday nites they have a car show featuring old restored cars.  Well worth a visit.  :)
