3	Quick and very friendly. They have lots of mags and they do a great job of scheduling appointments and following up.
5	Hard to give a dentist 5 stars but they are on time, easy to get an apmt, great chair-side manner, and profesional results.
5	We really like there appointment reminder e mail that they send to us about our up comming appoinments.  We have been using Dr Thomas for our Dental Care for 3 years now and think that he is excellent.  The location is about 1 mile from our house, his office is very clean and modern, and his staff very friendly and professional.
5	This office is wonderful! Friendly staff, great appointment reminders and a very competent and friendly dentist. I would recommend Dr. Thomas to anyone looking for a dentist! Tammy in the front office is very friendly and has taken the time to know the clients and even helps with my kids while I have my Invisalign checked and changed every two weeks. I can't say enough great things about this office!!
2	The dental assistant was great but I wish I could say the same for the dentist. I may be old school but I like to know the name of my dentist and at least have them shake my hand and maybe even introduce himself. When he was done examining my teeth which took approximately 45 seconds he didn't even talk to me about what he found. Not my type of etiquette. Will be looking elsewhere.
5	This is definitely an efficient business with friendly staff and a timely schedule! Dr. Thomas is really nice and often gives a lot of helpful tips to his patients so it's obvious he knows his stuff and that you're in good hands. They don't joke around here and are serious about treating their patients and helping them. Overall I've enjoyed being a patient here thus far and recommend it.
5	I've been coming here all my life. I wouldn't trust anyone else!!  It's worth the drive even though I live across town. They always run on time and are super friendly. Dr. Thomas keeps my smile beautiful!
5	I can't say enough about this office! I just finished a great deal of dental care and Invisalign which went great. My little girls and I actually looked forward two going every couple weeks for my Invisalign...amazing staff, especially Tammy (who watched over my girls while I was in the chair)...I wish there were a 10 star rating because that's what they deserve!
