4	Located next to *gulp* Pei Wei, I am never able to persuade friends to actually eat food here. For some reason, they get all ADD distracted by Pei Wei and I'm overruled. Part of the reason why I meet my friends for lunch is so I can spend time with them and eat good food. /cry Pei Wei is not good food.At least they agree with me and go to Paradise Bakery for a cookie after.I've eaten a this Paradise Bakery because it's close to friends homes and work. It can be busy and very loud. The soups are not bad.I've eaten several different sandwiches here and tried various breads and there is something about the bread that I do not like - it has this odd, sweet aftertaste to it. I've had their turkey cranberry (I expect it to be somewhat sweet bc of the cranberries), california turkey sandiwch and their paradise roast beef. At times they can skimp on the meat on your sandwich if you're there during a busy lunch hour. Other times sandwiches are so full I have to take some of the meat out so I can get my mouth around the sandwich!Whatever you do, skip breakfast here. It's just not their thing and to make matters worse, it's a bit pricey for microwaved eggs.For me, Paradise Bakery's crowning glory are their cookies. Everything else falls flat. Their cookies are soft and chewey, not overcooked and so crumbly to the point that it leaves cookie residue on your clothing. I'm not a fan of their brownies...they're far too sweet. I can't believe I said that bec I have the biggest sweet tooth on the face of the earth!I like Paradise Bakery.  It's a yes from me!
4	I like to start out any restaurant reviews with I'm a vegetarian so my choice of food is limited. Please take that in to consideration.I've been here once before and had breakfast, and it might have been one of the best breakfasts in the world. I would have given it 5 stars if I wrote my review that day. I went yesterday for a sandwich and salad and thought it was so so at best. I was a little bummed about the instruction, or lack of instruction from the staff on how to order. It appears, and I didn't know this while ordering, that you can pick what ingredients you want to add or delete from certain sandwiches or salads. I got what I got, and it didn't exactly include what I like, or what I didn't. Today I would give it three stars, but since I liked the breakfast so much, I'll mix the review to give it 4 stars. Only fair. I'll go back and give it a try again sometime. I'm in no rush to get there, but I wouldn't avoid the place either. For breakfast, if I do want some french toast, waffles, or pancakes I'll head down to give a second shot for sure!
2	Paradise can join the overrated elite. WAY to expensive for a small sandwich and side. I have family members that think this place is the greatest thing since sliced bread and they are freakin crazy. I will never go here for any type of meal, it is a rip off and doesn't taste like anything special. I will ONLY go here for their cookies, which are delicious and the only reason for the second star.
4	Friendly staff and good food.  They have free wireless access but for some reason it never works for me.  Yes it is expensive but the food is always fresh and tasty.  I don't mind paying more for quality.
4	Their French onion soup is to die for. We like their cookies, their drinks, their soups, their salads, their sandwiches. Really nothing bad to say about this place. The service is good. I always enjoy coming here - really makes the day special. I do wish they had more things my 11 year old would eat. A basic grilled cheese or a hot dog perhaps?
5	This is the best part of our trips to Arizona, I could go here for all three meals of the day.  I would highly recommend their chillie and the cookie
4	The Fire-Roasted Soup and Half Sandwich is a perfectly sized meal that satisfies without over-filled bloated feeling... Elizabeth and I have eaten here at least a dozen times and it is one of our favorite places in Gilbert.  The sandwiches are well made with very fresh ingredients and despite the cafeteria line-up, the service is quite friendly and very accommodating.  I like the turkey bacon club, and their selection of multiple iced tea types and flavors is always a joy to partake of.  Although I generally prefer dining indoors, the outside patio is fairly comfortable and south facing so you will need the umbrellas for shade most of the time.  It is difficult to go wrong with any Paradise Bakery location, but this one is exceptionally nice and I highly recommend it.
4	I'd give it more stars if they brought back the California turkey sandwich.
4	I am very picky when it comes to my bread. I don't buy cheap-looking breads. I either get them at Trader Joe's or here. I happen to be at the mall with a friend when she suggested Paradise Bakery, of course I wasn't impressed since I don't usually eat out. But I decided to order something simple, I decided on a Blueberry bagel. She asked what kind of bagel? Saw blueberry on the menu and I asked toasted. Once I spread the cream cheese on the toasted bread, I was hooked. I devoured it in less than a minute, it was like a vacuum and before you know my girlfriend who was still having her Chinese food asked me if that was enough. I replied nope and she said "have another one, my treat". I couldn't say no, the blueberry bagel was the freshest bagel I've had in a while. Again, i'm not a bread person, well I thought I wasn't, until this experience at Paradise. It did give me a preview of Paradise ;).
2	Hmmm. If you just want cookies then don't come here! 15 minute wait just to be told that we needed to go to the register so the clerk could run back & forth to where we had been standing to get the cookies.  Good thing we didn't order salads or a sandwich.
1	Horrible service, they only gave me one sandwich and I paid for 2. Just a bunch of clueless teens. Waste of money and time
