4	It's been an okay place to trust people with your money. Somehow it feels like going back in time a couple of decades and when it comes to banks I'm kind of into that...even if just an illusion.
5	The reasons why I love Arizona Federal Credit Union1) Local credit union2) Fast & Friendly Customer Service3) Never any upselling of items or accounts4) Never have to wait longer than 6 mins for a teller5) Can save 10% off my Sprint bill for just being a credit union memberI have been with Arizona Federal Credit Union on and off for about ten years, and regardless if it's a Friday night after 4 or a Tuesday afternoon, I have never had to wait long to be helped!  Proud to be a member!
4	Arizona Federal Credit Union is the best bank in Arizona.  I have been with Wells Fargo, Bank Of America, Comerica, and none of those banks come close to the service and the financial products that Arizona Federal Credit Union has.  Nice work AZ Federal, I am impressed.
2	I always ALWAYS get terrible customer service at this location. If the tellers are not extremely awkward, they are being rude. I hate having to come here, unfortunately it is the closet one to my house.
1	Worst banking experience ive ever had, ive been a member since i was 7 years old with my first 100$ in allowance money that i saved. My great grandfather was the president of our local branch and i felt confident in my decision as the years passed to stay with azfcu.  I am now 26 years old, and i have probably paid them over $5,000 in overdraft fees, "account protection fees", too many uses of my card fees.  My first interaction with customer service was actually really good when my account first overdrafted.  I had bought jack in the box late at night and the transaction went pending before my paycheck had deposited and they charged me 70$ in overdraft in a 1 hour period of the jack in the box PENDING transaction.  I called and the gentleman i spoke with understood my frustration and refunded the fees.  the second time this happened was a false charge from someone who got access to my account in maine (i am in az obviously) and charged 3000$ of purchases when my account only had 300$.  instead of flagging the transactions as possible fraud, the proceeded to accept every last one of them and charged an overdraft fee for every transaction.  i went to my bank for help hoping they could resolve this issue and return the funds to my account and report the fraud activity.  i was told that they needed to allow all the transactions to process first and then i can file a report, which takes 2-3 weeks to process, and in the meantime, every day 105$ of overdraft fees were charged.  all of the transactions did go through, and when i went back to them to fix the issue, because i previously had fraud on my account, my account was flagged.  when i asked what this meant and why this isnt being rectified, they said a police report was opened and I WAS ACCUSED OF FRAUD ON MY OWN DAMN ACCOUNT.  needless to say, i got a lawyer, and settled to a 0 balance, losing the 300$ that was in my account, weeks of my life, and gaining more stress than i have ever known.  I will never recommend azfcu to anyone i know and will be pasting this review to as many places as i can.  I have never felt so awful in my entire life and i hope azfcu fails miserably
