3	I had high expectations, but ended up disappointed. It's not a bad poutine, but nothing fantastic. Fries: frozen hand cut fries (there is such a thing). Not quite homemade.Gravy: powder based sauce (not an actual gravy). Like Dave I like the consistency, but it majorly lacked flavor.Cheese: cheddar cheese curds. Definitely at least a day old, and I could tell they were coming right out of their fridge (the curds were cold and were mostly crumbles). Don't go out of your way from downtown or anything. But if you're in the area, it still beats the terrible La Belle Province by a mile.
4	After reading the last two reviews, I thought "well, one of them has got to be wrong". So I tried it.  I pride myself as someone that can spot the real deal, homemade stuff. The sauce IS NOT from a packet, and the fries ARE NOT "frozen hand cut fries". You can actually see the cooks cut the potatoes while you wait if you order at the take out counter... The fries are VERY good, the real, right way: blanched and fried; and the sauce is very tasty, real: made from beef stock, not chicken base or barbecue sauce; and the spices and herbs in it are spot on. Not too salty, not too thick, just right. As for the cheese curds, true, they are coming out of the refrigerator, which WOULD be a real dissapointment if one were to eat them as is... But since they are added to a hot dish, with hot fresh fries and hot gravy which makes them melt anyway, there is no crime here. All in all, as a Montrealer that has eaten a lot of poutine, I'm saying this is a REALLY good one, the best you can get in Verdun. I'm not saying you should cross the whole city to come to the place cause there are a lot of good poutine places in Montreal, but if you are in Verdun, that's where you want to get your fix from.I also ordered the "Normand Special" cheeseburger, and it was a very good burger. The meat was fresh, and the combination of ingredients is just well thought of. I enjoyed the home made mayo and the mix of pickles, hot peppers and bacon. All and all, if you feel like a greasy spoon in Verdun, this is a vary good spot. Only downside is their business hours since they close at 9pm.
5	. This place has been rated by my friend, as the best poutine place in Montreal. I took her to every well known poutine place in Montreal and this was her favorite. A bonus is the friendly bilingual  service, friendly and the kitchen appears clean and clearly visible.
5	A perfectly executed traditional poutine. Very warm and friendly service. Very clean, very well decorated. Great experience.
