3	This is the newest JC Penny in the East Valley. It's also the cleanest store I've ever seen so far. Hope they stay that way forever. The location is really close to where I live and where I eat or watch movie. The only thing bothering me is the selections of Man's shoes. Other department stores carry more shoes. The in store salon has some great products that you can purchase from. Other than that, nothing really stand out from other locations.
4	This is a nice store!  It is well layed out, clean and organized.  The sales people are very helpful and they have great sales.  My sister was looking for something to wear to a wedding, nothing dressy since it was to be outdoors by a lake, but something nice as well as comfortable.  She found just the right thing and the sales women asked if she had the coupon to get even more off the already sale price.  We did not have a coupon so she promptly gave us one.  Score!  We browsed around the store looking at housewares and some clothes for my daughter.  I scored a cute scort and shirt as well as 2 pairs of flip flops for her, all on sale.  The other thing I love about this location is the Sephora located within the store.  This means I don't have to brave the mall if I just need one or two items.  I was looking for some face clenser and moisturizer.  The sales woman was helpful and gave me three samples of cleanser to try.  I grew up going to J.C. Penny and so many of their stores have closed over the years but I'm glad this one is close to me and offers the things I need.
2	Got my hair cut at the JCPenney salon by a girl in her early 20s, who had been cutting hair for at least a couple of years.  She said she attended all the newest workshops and shows to learn the latest techniques.  I told her how I liked my hair, had it shortened about 2-3 inches with long layers.  Nothing too complicated.  She started styling my hair with a roundbrush and over time began using a flatiron to style my hair.  I have realized that stylists do this when the hair isn't coming out as they expected, and the flatiron hides the layers and imperfections from the client at first sight.  The cut was $33 and she gave me a coupon with $13 off, so it came to $20.  I figured I could style it myself when I got home to get the style I wanted.  When I did, I realized my hair was very bulky, the layers were not textured and they didn't lay right.  I won't be going back.
2	*This review is of the portrait studio only.*The photo session was fine, though a little rushed since they were running behind schedule on the day that we went in (which was a Monday.)  The ordering process was OK, but a bit stressful.  I mean, the whole ordeal is quite old school!  Why do I have to order prints immediately following the photo session?  The pictures are available online in case I want to order anything else, so why can't I just take my time going through the shots and putting together a photo package that i want to purchase in the comfort of my home, instead of having to make a snap decision at the studio?  And why do I have to wait 2 weeks to receive the prints?  Is this 1982?  The prints were ok, but even with a 40% off coupon, I spent $50 on an 8x10, 4 5x7s, and 4 31/2x5s.
2	(this review is for Sephora only)Ugh, this Sephora blows.  I didn't even know it was possible for a Sephora to suck so hard but it's completely due to the people that work here.  The only reason that I'm giving this place two stars instead of one is because it's not the make ups fault that it has to be sold by people who hate the world around them.  I've been here several times because it's convenient to just pick something up but every single time, I've had to deal with their terrible customer service.  They act like you're putting them out by trying to pay for your items.  You're better off not asking them any advice or opinions on products either.   Next time I'm in a bad mood, I'm going to come here and take it out on them - return the favor.
1	The womens clothing dept looks as if a frumpy, middle aged woman chose all the clothes. Nothing fits nicely (I'm a size 4-6) and most of the patterns are just down right ugly. After spending more than an hour in the dressing room trying on ill fitting clothes I finally found 3 items that actually fit. Then, after an hour of looking at expensive - even with the sale - cheaply made accessories (and not buying a single one) I went to check out. There were literally 25 people in line and only 2 cashiers! To top it off, the line was not even moving! I could see the manager frantically trying to reach associates to help out, but no one came. You would have thought she might have jumped behind a register??? Plus, you would think they would have scheduled more cashiers as this was a Sunday, holiday weekend AND they were having a sale! After about 10 minutes of standing in a line that was not moving, I walked out. If I wanted cheaply made, ugly clothes I would have gone to Kohls. At least they always have plenty of cashiers!! I blew 2 hours in that store for absolutely nothing.
2	The store is crowded.  And the check out area is always crowded and understaffed.  I miss the sales and coupons.  The selections are okay.  But if you don't fit into the junior/old lady box, then it's hard to find something that will work.  The Jean selection is horrible.  The boys department is small in comparison to the girls.  Better prices can be found elsewhere.
5	I had the best customer service ever at this JCPenney location.  The sales associate and manager went above and beyond to help me with a gift card that I had for a long time and didn't know whether there's any money left on it.  They called the help line and patiently waited for help as well as explained to me what happened to the card.  Also, the store is clean, organized and easy to shop.  Will definitely come back!
4	Excellent door buster sales and great service from Rosa at the registers who even gave me a coupon for an Extra 15% off.  Thorough out the store I was greeted with friendly hellos.
4	I appreciate JCP for the kids clothes and specifically the kids plus sizes.  At this particular location, we've always received good, friendly service.  The checkout area is typically busy, but moves fairly quickly.  The renovations that were recently done were nice.  It's a comfortable store with a good variety of items and nice sales.  The one area that could use some attention is the women's section.   As another reviewer stated, the selections there are pretty frumpy.
1	I picked up my image cd and photo cards at the portrait studio this morning.  They promptly retrieved my items, and they surprised me with a calendar, a magnet and a few other pieces of miscellany emblazoned with images of my adorable newborn baby and dog. All for the low low price of $20.I did not order these items. These items were not discussed with me. JCPenney felt free to print up these items, using images of my dog and my child without my consent.  I felt emotionally blackmailed. As for the rest of the experience, they take 20 images for their copyright free image cd. I understand that they can't take unlimited pictures, but they took closer to 50 pictures and made me choose which ones to get rid of. There is apparently no way to retrieve these images once they've moved on to the next screen, so ask them to warn you before they do so if you think you're human and might change your mind.It is nonsensical and stingy not to simply include all of these images on the cd.The staff is friendly. Some of them seemed slightly confused about the inner workings of their computer system. The manager was much better at the basics of photography than her subordinate. I don't blame the employees so much as Penneys for insufficient training.It took 2 weeks for the cd and cards to be ready. No one from Penneys called when they arrived.
