5	I love this place!!  I was on the hunt for the perfect ring for my woman.  I walked in and was greeted promptly, but it wasn't an immediate "Here buy our jewels" kind of deal.  The folks behind the counter let me come to them and weren't pushy, thank God cause I probably would have left.  They have really beautiful stuff here, some new and some estate.  I found "the ring" several months ago, but didn't make the purchase until after I had a few visits with it.  I wanted to make sure it was right.  They remembered who I was when I first came back, and that means a lot to me. When I made my final payment earlier this week, the lady was almost as excited as me!  I love supporting the local folk, and I hope that if and when you want some new bling you'll give this place a shot!
5	This neighborhood jewelry store has something for everyone. They carry everything, ranging in value from modest to high end.  The staff is very knowledgeable and friendly.  There is never pressure to buy anything. They love what they do and it shows in the way they treat their customers.  I've been very happy with everything I've ever gotten there. There is an ever-changing estate counter filled with lovely baubles at great prices.  Rare is the time I go in there and don't come out with some treasure. There is also a very talented woman working there who creates original pieces, either from her imagination or yours. Ask for Lauren. Can't recommend this place enough.
5	I've always wanted a family friendly jeweler.  Esp. if my at the time boyfriend was going to buy me an engagement ring.  It means so much to me to have the true customer service when buying fine Jewelry, someone I can trust.  And when I found this place one day while I was at CVS I knew I had found a Gem (pun intended)! Peggy really made me and my now finance feel like we were family.  She helped him pick out my fabulous ring and answer every single one of his questions.  I'm so proud to tell everyone where we got the ring from because I think everyone should know about this place!  If your looking for great jewelry with a warm smile, head on over.  They are so excited to help you!
5	I have purchased jewelry and have had items fixed at WR Williams in the past. All experiences have been positive. My last interaction with them was so impressive, I felt the need to share. I received my grandmother's college ring as a graduation gift and needed to get it resized. My grandmother is no longer alive so this particular heirloom meant a lot to me. When I got the ring back (very promptly I might add), there was an imperfection that I hadn't noticed before. I pointed it out to the lovely lady who works there and she immediately took it back to the jeweler to investigate. They figured it happened while sautering the ring, were extremely apologetic and promised to have my ring ready the next day. When I picked it up I was told that the inside of the class ring was hollow, not solid gold. I don't know if a lot of class rings are like this or if it was just what they were doing in 1950. The jeweler filled the hollow space with gold and made the ring look brand new. When I asked if there was an additional charge for the extra gold I was told no. This was above and beyond my expectations. Not only did they make my beloved heirloom better than it was when I brought it in, but they did it quickly and with no expectation for extra payment. The lady and gentleman who work in the front are so nice and extremely helpful, which is just frosting on the cake for the exemplary work they do. I would definitely recommend WR Williams for any jewelry purchases and repairs.
5	I have had several stones changed into beautiful ratings and these were pieces other places said was to delicate to do.... Bought a gorgeous watch for my husband... Peggy is the best and so knowledgeable... She even wrote down watch my hubby picked out so when I decided to get she knew which one... You are true professionals!
5	Had the pleasure of working with Mr. Williams himself on a pair of custom cufflinks. The cufflinks came out great! The craftsmanship was spot on and the price was even better. I highly recommend this place.
5	Fiance bought my engagement ring here and my girlfriend swears by this place. I do now as well. I love my ring and love the service. I brought in some old pieces to be fixed and they did it so quickly and extremely well. They have a great selection so of course its always fun to poke around.
