5	I'm Impressed!  Fantastic Kufta Wrap! Lentil Soup, Tabbouleh, Stuffed Grape leaves, Baklava and Turkish Coffee!  That is what I had Today on my first visit!This Wrap was the Best "Middle Eastern" style Wrap I have eaten in decades!  Here is why I like this one so much: 1.) OVERALL FLAVOR!  2.) The Meat was cooked to order - I was kind of watching him cook it - He said "is Medium good?" I said "yes" 3.) The Bread was something Fantastically Special, Beautiful, Fresh, Great Flavor and texture.  4.) Jerusalem "Salad" was the Topping - I have never had a topping like this for a Wrap and look forward to ordering Jerusalem Salad as a Salad (on a plate) next time!  5.) Tahini Sauce compliments dishes nicely when it is not overwhelming the dish - This was the first time I have ever been served Tahini in ideal ratio (thanks Mars) to the other food that made it a perfect compliment 6.) The Pickled Vegetables were on the side - YES - I like the vegetables and I like them better Outside the Wrap.  7.) It is wrapped in Bread then wrapped in foil so it is harder to spill and in case I do not clean my hands.  This Wrap gets so close to 5 yelp stars I'll call it five!Lentil Soup!  Here is a dish I usually order anywhere that serves it!  This one is Good!  If you are a fan of mild, this is a mild one, similar to most places - I prefer more spice, though few Mediterranean places serve it spicy!Stuffed Grape Leaves are not usually something I order and since they were handing them out to everyone I was happy to taste and see what I though of these and GLAD I did!  These were the ONLY Stuffed Grape Leaves that I enjoyed!  Very Good!Tabbouleh is one of my favorite dishes!  This is a VERY Good one!  Looks and tastes made-to-order the way it is supposed to be!Baklava made the way I like it - DRY! !  !  Many Greek recipes call for Honey or Syrup and many times the end result is a piece of Baklava dripping wet!  At Jerusalem Cafe they have a style closer to a Lebanese version with Pistachios piled in the center of many thin layers of Dough, little or no butter and little to no honey, nor syrup - If you are a fan of Baklava check this one out you may love it like I do!Turkish Coffee!  Yes they have Turkish Coffee and this is a Great one, an Easy 5 yelp stars!  After drinking about half of one serving (small mug - about Espresso size) I'm glad for spell checj because I can not spell anythinj for hours after something like this, Turkish Coffee!  I'm surprised I could drive!  As with most places they do NOT serve it sweet... I asked for Sugar and my server who speaks perfect English (with a perfect American accent) assured me it was sugar - This (whatever it was - I'm assuming Sugar) was incredibly "light" and flaky it was very good and had ZERO aftertaste so it had to be Sugar, right???If you are a fan of Garlic and Mayonnaise you might go crazy for their thicker than butter side of (I do not know the name of it - if it has a name) too thick to be a sauce made with Egg and Oil and garlic - I do NOT like Mayonnaise, still thought this was something special and could be a cure for Vampireism!Small Restaurants are a favorite of mine.  This place has about 26 seats (indoors)!  They were doing plenty of take-out orders while I was here today and plenty of Dine-in as well, the weather is perfect and some were eating outside too!  The entire staff, Both Owners (two Guys) and two ladies were all very friendly!  Each one spoke to me as I entered and approached the counter!  As long as one person speaks to me that is fine, when everyone here is that friendly I really feel welcome.  Both Owners speak English well, one has very little accent and they invite questions about their food and are glad to make suggestions!    I have been waiting for this place to open and it was worth the wait!  I stopped by Sunday night to see if there was a sign of when the place would be opened (the sign was they were having a friends and family night, so I knew it would be soon)!
2	I went in today about 2:30 pm and wanted to eat a shwarma sandwich, but the waitress said that they were out.  So I ordered the chicken wrap.  It was not that flavorful I thought compared to chicken shwarma sandwiches I've had.  I was happy that we were getting a middle eastern arabic restaurant near siskey Y, but saddened that my order was not flavorful.  The sandwich lacked tahini yogurt sauce and arabic pickles that traditional arabic food has.  It was basically grilled chicken with tabouleh salad rolled in khubs (arabic pita).  Not too happy!Entree's are so pricey, for a small 'cafe'.  Lamb and kabob platters are outrageously pricey.  Its not a full fledged restaurant that you need to have prices like this.  1/2 of Lebanese rotisserie chicken costs $10.  I used to buy a full Lebanese rotisserie chicken from Middle Eastern Deli (long time ago on Sharon Amity), for $7.  They should not be out of anything as they just opened!! LOL!I will try again to give them another chance.
3	I ate dinner las night at Jerusalem cafe . The entrees was so pricey for undecorated small cafe . I had lentil soup and kufta wrap . Not bad . Baba Ghanouj wasn't that good . But they have to work on their service . Also the guys who work on that back keep coming out and asking customers  " how was the food ? and answering themselves " Good " . During my dinner they asked at least 5 times !!! Lol
3	JC opened recently close to where I live. It's always exciting, especially in the culinary desert of far-south Charlotte, to find ethnic (regional?) food other than Mexican or Chinese. So, I gave them a try. Spoke with the owner or co-owner (who graciously provided samples of the grape leaves and hummus: Thank You), and I promised to write a review if I liked the food. Well, I liked what I had enough to write this review. GRAPE LEAVES: I'm usually disappointed; however, at JC they are flavorfully cooked and moist, with the rice mixture melding nicely with the leaves.HUMMUS: Certainly better than store bought -- and I've tried a lot of brands. Nice texture. Would benefit from more tahini and oil. FALAFEL WRAP: Above average, but there is just so much you can do with fried chickpeas. Where JC should focus is on the salad element. Theirs is an Arab recipe. I would suggest taking a cue from the Israeli eateries (perhaps Arab restaurants do this as well), which often offer a wide range of raw and pickled veggies to top the falafel. It's fun to "have it your way." The "Jerusalem salad" included in the wrap was OK (not varied), and should have been more generous. Ditto for the tahini sauce. The  wrap does a decent job of containing the ingredients -- vs. the overflow effect one usually experiences with a pita pocket. BABA GHANOUJ: Too much lemon. Not enough tahini. Have had BG in Charlotte with a texture similar to hummus, and prefer it that way, but JC's is passable.I'd like to see this place succeed, and I will go back. They are new, at this writing, and deserve a chance to work things out and improve. It will be interesting to see how they respond to reviews and customers' comments. Oh, and they need to get artwork (something!) up on the walls.
3	Food is good but overpriced for the bad atmosphere & service. Everyone seems clueless about how to run a restaurant. Confusing ordering process. Nowhere to wait for a to-go order. Seating is horribly cramped. The food is good and nobody else nearby serves a similar menu. I feel sorry for the 1 lone waitress that is trying to take care of the tables. There is really no reason to want to eat-in due to a lack luster atmosphere. But the tasty food keeps me coming back, for now.
3	Tucked into a strip mall adjacent to a grocery store and your regular assortment of salons and other small businesses, JC is a rather nondescript and unassuming middle eastern restaurant with talent in the kitchen and grill but badly in need of front-end management.A step inside reveals a large bar which hides the kitchen and consumes major floor space.  Tables and chairs are basic and spartan, with only about 7-8 tabletops.  As others have mentioned, there is no designated space for to-go orders or a hostess/payment station.  While clean, there is little of visual interest here.The menu, however, is much more interesting and holds a host of standard middle eastern fare.  Skewers, salads and all the sides you'd expect are here.  Prices are largely in line with the local market, though a bit more economical.  Lunch is treated no different from dinner, though you do have the options to make your wrap a combo with the addition of fries and a drink.  Their iced tea has some mint flavoring, which is understated, but quite nice.  Kudos for being willing to substitute hummus and pita here, upon my request.  Falafel (self-proclaimed the best in Charlotte) is truly moist and flavorful.  Hummus is smooth and not overly salted.  I liked it.  I also like the picked veggies served on the side, but they would be more tasty in the wrap.  Service, though, has been wildly uneven during lunch times, driven largely by the amount of help on scene.  The owner's wife is typically there serving and, while concerned, becomes quickly overwhelmed if she is the only help for both take-outs and the tables.  When the cooks have to deliver their own dishes to the table, you know its bad.  This is largely not problem during off times, but a full house is both a bain and a blessing, I suppose.  Still, a good middle eastern restaurant is not the most plentiful option in town, and it's good to have another here.  Hopefully attention can be placed on the front of house so the kitchen can continue to show their talents as well.
3	I have mixed feelings about this place. The food was really quite good but the service was below average and the atmosphere non-existent. Our table had two entrees but they came out at least 20 minutes apart. In fact the first entree was finished for a while before the second came. Also the waitress did not come back to check on us much and even when she walked by she failed to notice our empty drinks. Finally, my sister asked and got a refill, but she didn't bring me a drink even though I had asked as well and I had to ask again.  That time my mother asked as well but she never got a refill. Overall, it was a very mixed experience.
3	Had lunch today at 12pm.  As noted in prior reviews, storefront appears quite plain as is the interior decor, but the food...quite impressive.  The Kufta (kofta) pita wrap was delicious and with fried chips and a drink only $8.   My companion had one of the larger kebob entrees that included hummous and tabouleh and said it was very good as well.  Perhaps if they could allow for some al fresco seating, it would bring in more business??
5	We were so happy when this place opened just around the corner from us.  The food is fresh and delicious. The first week we noticed they were open we went 3 times during the first week. They have a nice selection for vegetarians, which we love.  I love the falafel wrap, grape leaves, the salads, and the hummus a lot.  Our meat eating friends said the shawerma was flavorful as well.  The french fries are a must get as they are more like fresh chips than fries.  The staff have always been very friendly and helpful.  I will admit the atmosphere is not something that you would take a romantic date, the colors are warm and everything looks fresh and clean.  I think this place is a gem in Matthews and the Charlotte area.
5	I love this place. You can get an inexpensive falafel for lunch that tastes home-made. Everything I've had here has been fantastic. Grape leaves are the best I've had. I typically am not a fan of them but I tried them out and loved theirs. Their tzatziki sauce is amazing. I get a side of it every time and add it to my falafel it's so good. The tabouleh is very fresh and flavorful, with a bit more lemon than I'm used to, which is a good thing and makes the other flavors pop.And you *** HAVE TO TRY THEIR 'FRIES' ***. They are home made sliced potatoes that they fry up to perfection. So so so good. The atmosphere is of a very nice cafe, and they recently made some interior decorating updates that make for a very nice feel. Some other reviewer had given, in my opinion, an unfair 3 star rating based the atmosphere, I'd bet they would like the place much better now, though it never deserved a 3. I'd love to see them come up with a lunch special, as getting a falafel and a side is a tad on the pricey side, though worth every penny. The family that owns it have been *very* nice to us, they remember us, say hello and smile and wave when we come in and we always chat a bit. I like that. Makes you feel like you're part of a community. Highly recommend for a nice lunch or causal dinner.EDIT: Updated review to reflect new interior decorating upgrades made.
4	A pleasant surprise.... If you're one who doesn't eat meat, their vegetarian options were excellent....  Had the Chicken Shawarma and it was delicious!!!!  They also had a great variety of hummus.  If you're a fan of Greek food, the menu has similarities....
4	Ok, so I have been here multiple times since it opened. I have to say that I am a fan. The food is consistently good and the portions are large. I generally just pick up food to go so the small seating area hasn't been an issue for me. The new server is excellent. She is all about customer service. Great friendly neighborhood 'kabob house.'
3	I liked the food and the people. Ok, so it is a small cafe - if you want a fancy restaurant go somewhere else. Authentic food, tasty. However, it is a little inconsistent. Sometimes fantastic, sometime so-so. I would like to know when they serve an item what it is and if it is cooked from scratch there. I would appreciate what they have to offer. Market yourself to your customers and you will get more business.
5	My husband and I LOVED this place!  This was our first encounter with middle eastern food, and I am so grateful they made it such a wonderful experience!  We had the falafel as an appetizer, which was amazing.  We each ordered an entree (I think I had the Tour of Jerusalem or something like that) and let me just say that the garlic sauce is to DIE for. Seriously, just add it to anything for instant deliciousness.  Char-grilled meats and veggies over rice, very flavorful side dishes... I raved about it the entire night.  Ben says I groaned over my food as I ate, and I must sheepishly say it's probably true.  We went all out and ordered baklavah for dessert, which our waiter made very sure to emphasize that it is NOT as sweet as "that Greek stuff"... lol, cracked us up.  Highly recommend if you enjoy flavorful food and aren't too caught up in whether your table has a tablecloth. Seriously, if you skip this place because the front of house isn't up to your standards, you're missing out on some tasty food. And that would be a shame.
2	I ate at JC for the first time yesterday for lunch and had the Variety Grill. While the portion size was more than enough, I was not impressed with the food whatsoever. The chicken was completely burned to the point that I couldn't eat several of the pieces. The rest of the meal was ok but had hardly any flavor. I had a coupon so I didn't want to complain. Also, the service was extremely slow, esp since we were the only ones in the entire restaurant!
5	Bingo. Now that's what I'm talking about. I walked by and first the name caught my attention "Jerusalem" cafe. I figured it was mediterranean so I snuck in and asked for a menu. Even though this is in a strip mall, you forget where you are once inside. They nicely decorated the place with knee-wall height stone, and the kitchen has stone/wood arches. The doorway to the back has what looks like antique/rustic hewn wood casings and trim. Very nice touch. When someone spends this much time decorating it usually means they work that hard in the kitchen. I was right.I ordered the $29 Grilled dinner for two including Kufta (mediterranean style meat loaf that are sausage shaped) lamb and chicken. She gave me three sides. I chose grape leaves, tabouleh and hummus. Everything was fresh and authentic. I took it home and my family enjoyed it. Even though it was for "2" 4 people with a moderate/light appetite could have been satisfied. From the fresh lamb and curried chicken down to the fresh squeezed lemon for tha tabouleh - everything was perfect. Authentic. If you've never had Armenian, Egyptian, Lebanese food (Mediterranean) it is like aromatherapy. Try it. Wonderful. We'll Be Back!!!
5	This place for an Arab middle eastern cuisine and style has it goin on!  Quaint and cozy very clean and the food we had for the first time was awesome!  We def recommend the falafel, chicken shawerma and fries and the lentil soup!  Having been in ME and eaten most all Arab foods we have no doubt the rest of the menu is equally awesome!  We highly recommend as we will be back to try everything.  Prices are reasonable as well six stars!
5	My first visit was for lunch this past week. Kept it simple and ordered a falafel wrap. Great falafel and tzatziki sauce. The service was prompt and friendly. The decor was nice, not fancy mind you, but a decent spot for lunch or a casual dinner. Will definitely make this part of our regular visits.
4	Diamond in the rough!  This great little mediterranean style restaurant is nuzzled into the strip mall next to the Harris Teeter and Rite Aid.  Decked out in everything Jerusalem, the decor is stylish, and appropriate for what they are and are trying to be.You can smell (and see) the roasting chickens, which immediately helps get your appetite going.  The falafel is really good, I would definitely recommend giving it a whirl.We need to get the word out on this gem - it's a great spot for a delicious meal anytime!
4	We liked this place for the food and that it is convenient to our house. YAY! Very small place that looks more like a take out joint than a sit down restaurant although there are seating available. We were expecting a restaurant and when we saw how small the place it was we were afraid the food would not be good as in restaurant quality Boy were we wrong! And glad it is what it is as I look forward to coming back and getting wraps to go if I am in a bind. I had the gyro wrap. My son had the falafel wrap. He also wanted hummus and lucky for him it was part of the falafel wrap. My husband had an entree which included  tabbouleh, stuffed grape leaves and baba ganoush. Everything was delicious and authentic. Hey, I am not Mediterrean but grew up in NY. I had my share of ethnic cuisine to say that Jerusalem Cafe is the real deal. We also had pistachio baklava after our meal. Excellent as well.
4	I've been curious about this place for a while and finally decided to take the plunge one weekday in the early evening. The decor does leave a lot to be desired, but they've got some interesting artifacts. They seem to get more take-out orders than sit-in diners. I used a BOGO coupon and ordered the kufta (ground seasoned beef) and chicken kabob with hummus and garlic sauce, with a side of baba ghanouj; pita bread was provided as well. The presentation was fantastic. The kabobs were very flavorful and they didn't skimp on the hummus. There were little pools of olive oil and veggie garnish... Yum. The only thing I didn't like was the baba ghanouj. I'd never had it before and, according to my server, the burnt aroma/taste is normal. Oh well!
3	Based on my limited experience.I personally think this remodeling wasn't good planning. The remaining space is too small to fool anyone in believing it's anything else but a hole in the wall feels very confined and I'm left staring at the parking lot - which seems to be the norm around these parts. There's no lunch menu and $7 to $10 appetizers are way overpriced for this venue. Then again the owners seem to be a little confused on makes an appetizer ... EIGHT felafels ?!  Anyway they need to rethink the meaning of the word appetizer At least the Hummus and the Baba Ganush are available as so called  "sides" and priced and sized correctly ($4) as can be seen in picture #30. Nicely garnished with paprika,tomato, parsley and olive oil and they taste very good, a creamy hummus and the Baba had a clear flavor of roasted eggplant - which for me is the whole point of it! The bread which came with this was just triangles of pita pockets, meh. Now offer more choices as a side.I also tried a Kafta wrap which was ok, juicier than usual  but I didn't love it. Mainly because I didn't ask first and as it turns out it's made with ground beef without any lamb meat. When asked the (very) young waitress told me the meat was grilled over an open flame but I doubt it, I thought it was cooked on a griddle. And the Baklava was great, in a nutshell that wraps it up. I'd say it's great if you live in this neighborhood but since I don't this one experience will probably be it.
4	"I love the food here, but I would also really love to see a lunch menu with lunch pricing! My favorite is the cheese wrap. You can't go wrong here - everything is so good."
4	I've been here a couple of times now and I've enjoyed it both times. The food is good but to be honest, I'm not up-to-speed on the types of food on the menu so I'm learning how to order here. Regardless, I've loved the two meals I have had. The last time i was there (two weeks ago) I had the Kufta pita wrap and it was awesome. I still think about how good it was.I've been here two times now. The first time was good enough to bring me back and now I'm wanting to go again (three weeks later). So in my book it's worth the visit.Lunch service is a little slow because they've only had one wait-person but it's not deal-breaker by any means. Knowing that now makes me relax more when I go there.
3	It's so nice to finally see "Mediterranean" food becoming more mainstream because, it's DEELISH and less guilt provoking than some other options. I need to frequent this place more!
4	The food here is flavorful, fresh and tasty.  I'd say it's my favorite Mediterranean restaurant so far. Sometimes the food takes a little longer to arrive since everything is made fresh once ordered so don't get in a hurry.The owner is very friendly but the one waitress I always see is definitely not why I keep coming - she is scatterbrained and doesn't get in a hurry.  She gets on my nerves but the food is good so I tolerate her.  The falafel and garlic sauce is amazing.  I usually get the vegetarian plate but don't be fooled - you'll leave stuffed!  My boyfriend loves the Jerusalem potatoes and they have the best hummus in my opinion.
5	Holy crud was this place AMAZING!!!!!! It came highly recommended, and we happened to get lucky with a groupon. Our server was so nice and great at making suggestions! Our favorite was the foul dip over hummus (not even on the menu). We came home with a ton of food. My boyfriend, who didn't like hummus before he went there, wanted to bathe in the Jerusalem salad is was so good!! We cannot wait to go back!
