3	Stopped in for their grand opening, in which they were giving away ALL of their food for free! My wife and I ordered the #1, #2 and #3, which were the hummus plate, fattoush salad and a falafel plate, respectively. We also got a side of small french fries.Hummus was a nice big size and tasty, although it only comes with one piece of pita bread and could definitely use more (we had to go up and request an additional pita bread).The Fattoush salad was delish! Great combo of veggies/toasted pita chips & dressing.The falafel plate was also tasty. It included 5 or so flattened falafel balls, each with a squirt of tahini on top. I really liked this dish and this says a lot, as I'm a picky customer when it comes to falafel. Many places fry their falafel too much or do something else strange where they turn out dark and overfried. Those types tend to upset my stomach, but not the falafel from Good Fellas! It was good stuff.I do have a few suggestions for improvement. I'd like to see a veggie combo full meal plate, as all the veggie items mentioned above are just appetizers. I'd like to be able to order a side of rice, but their rice contains a chicken base, so it's not an option for us. No dolmas/dolmades? Whassup with that. The falafel plate has a TON of lettuce & tomato under it, but no dressing. Would like to see a dressing or side of dressing offered for that.Would also love to see a vegan soup offered.
5	We tried this place out on a whim and was pleasantly surprised by the great food and service.  The owner, Ninos, was very helpful in giving suggestions. I ordered the grilled chicken sandwich which was lightly seasoned with Mediterranean spices. I enjoyed it, but the real key players were the falafel (slightly crispy and wonderfully tasty), the chicken curry soup, and the sauteed chicken with long grain rice. The chicken was perfection, and I rarely like chicken as most places overcook it until it's dry like shoe leather. Everything was wonderfully flavored and has blown every other Greek restaurant out of the water. We wanted to try some of the pastry desserts but ended up being too full. I will definitely return.To sum up this review, have you ever seen the movie Accepted? My experience here reminds me of this scene:Bartleby: What the hell happened?Glen (who is in a lab coat covered in spices): An explosion of flavor! I'm working with some very unstable herbs.Seriously. Good Fellas sure knows their spices.
5	You will simply not find a nicer place to eat if you're looking for great Mediterranean food.  You're NEVER a number, you're a friend. They've cheefully followed through on special requests I've made on several occasions when I've eaten there and the quality of the food has always been consistant. Even on the two Grand Opening Nights, the service and quality of the food was fantastic as was apparent by the tremendous lines that were forming outside the door!
5	I am such a fan of this place.  Great food, great prices, amazing hospitality.I've now become a regular because the food is so darn addictive.  I've had practically everything on the menu at least once and there hasn't been one thing I haven't enjoyed.I wrote a review of Good Fellas a while back, but it turns out there are two listings on yelp for this business.  So I let yelp know, but it hasn't been combined yet.  Since there are more reviews on this listing, I figured I would add my 2 cents so people go to this fabulous restaurant.This is what I wrote the first time I went:4/12/11I am so excited about finding a great Mediterranean place near me!  It is brand new, just open 3 weeks.  I like Chicago Gyros, but I believe this place is going to be giving it some healthy competition.  The rice was much better, the prices are comparable maybe even less, the sizes are ginormous, and the food was absolutely wonderful.I went in this afternoon (that proves how good it is; I never review this quickly) and I ordered the marinated chicken sandwich, which the lady said was good.  While I was waiting, she served me (free!) soup.  They make a different soup every day.  This one was a curry chicken potato soup.  I've never had anything quite like it before, but I loved it!  I ordered some more to go for my husband.  Then, my actual meal came.  The chicken sandwich was Sooooo good.  It was super tasty and moist, and had a yummy yogurty tzatiki like sauce on it.  It had actually fresh lettuce and tomatoes on a perfect french bread.  I was in heaven when I tasted it.  I could only eat half the sandwich, since I was full from the soup, didn't touch the french fries.  At the same time, the lady who it turns out is married to the owner, brought me a plate with samples of something called sauteed chicken (again, different from what you get any other Greek place, delightful) and a ground beef, tomatoey concoction over rice.  OK, obviously I have done something right karmically to get all this free, delicious food.So the rice is a perfect texture and actually has some taste to it, unlike most other casual Greek places.  I liked both the sample meats. I am also really going to have to go back soon- like tomorrow- to try their hummus and falafel.I have rarely had such nice service and they made everything quickly.  They even double bagged my food so it wouldn't spill out.I ended up ordering a duplicate of my sandwich for my husband, too.  Then I called him and told him I had dinner ready.  He knows that means I brought food in, he doesn't even ask if I cooked anymore.  He loved it, too.  Promised to take me back this weekend.I'm a fan.  I hope they continue to do well so I can become a regular.Then my update on 4/27/11:I've been back several times and it has not disappointed.  You must try:The hummusfattoush saladchicken on french bread sandwichkaftka plategyro platetwo meat combo plate3 meat combo plateall daily made soupsfalafelI just tried the baklava and another pastry that I didn't catch the name of.  They were yummy, too.I love that everything is made to order and is so fresh.  I also love the friendliness of the owners.  This is a must-try if you like Mediterranean food.
5	This new place is not your average fast-food chicago/greek style gyro joint, at all.  It's so much better....This is a fast casual semi-fine dining version of one of those restaurants.  The place is an oasis of clean and cozy considering the strip mall location.  They offer several authentic and freshly prepared choices for lunch and dinner, and use beautiful pictures of the dishes as part of the menu.  This not only helps a person less familiar with the food to select an item, but also ensures that you see SEVERAL dishes that look splenderific, causing you to plan your next visit before you've even finished ordering today's meal !I've had their delicious gyro and falafel sandwiches for lunch, but also the unexpectedly exciting marinated chicken breast sandwich, and sampled a few other dishes.Every time Daren C and I have been in for lunch, they've offered a bowl of soup as an appetizer -- several flavors have all been tasty.The food is really good, 4 - 4.5 stars.  The service is what really takes this place over the top into solid 5 star rating territory.  The husband and wife team running the show are friendly and will chat with all the new customers and 'new regulars' (the place isn't that old, but there are regulars already).  Watch for the little boy, though -- maybe 4 or 5 years old.   This little charmer who hangs out in the dining area is not only super polite, but he is likely to give you a shy "Are you enjoying your soup?", with no prompting from either parent.   While Daren and I ate last week, we heard his dad telll the story of how this little guy suggested they get one of those sign spinners, since it would be a good way to tell people about their new restaurant.  That little dude will be running this place someday.  It's certainly good enough to stay in busniess long enough.
5	OMG not one thing to complain about. The menu is under construction but is ample enough. The potato chicken curry soup is beyond delicious. My hubbie and I both ordered the gyro plate and hummus. The rice was moist and tasty and the hummus had the perfect texture and flavor. The owner is extremely friendly and attentive... Not overbearing . He let us sample the chicken kabob and it was moist tender and flavorful... Definitely ordering it next time. The food here is fresh and made to order. Gryos were good too! All said and done we spent about 25$ for two huge meals, two drinks and an appetizer. The owner threw in two bowls of soup and nearly an entire chicken kabob. We walked out with more than a meals left worth of food! Awesome!! Yum! Everyone eat here so this place stays open... Please! You won't regret it!
4	I was really surprised how nice this place was inside.   The strip mall it's in doesn't give it justice. There are several TVs, nice furniture, & just super clean. The service was incredible too from the time I arrived to the time I left I was asked how things were & they even have a card to punch or scratcher with a chance to win money.  I came here on a recommendation to try their gyro & it was pretty darn good. The pita it came in was fresh & plenty of meat. Only thing I thought was just ok was the sauce, it was a little runny for my taste but still good. Now since my scratcher was 50% off my next visit I will have to come back.
5	After eating here today, all other Greek restaurants are dead to me...The menu is simple enough with large pictures for someone like me who is not yet familiar with all the terminology when it comes to Greek food.  The owner was beyond friendly, and was willing to field questions as we stared at the menu making our decision.  My indecision brought me to the 2 meat plate, both the beef and the chicken were delicious.  Rice was great and plentiful, and we were even brought pita bread for our already enormous lunch.I will definitely be back (with reinforcements).  I was only there an hour ago and I am already thinking about attacking my take-home box in the fridge.
5	Whahht. No review from me yet? Sorry GFG I failed you. Knee Nose and his family are the best. I am glad they decided to park at 19th ave and Greenway. The kids are amazing lil business partners too. Get the lentel soup, 2 meat combo, w/ 1/2 salad 1/2 rice. that is 2 meals for the price of one! Go once a week for at least 10 weeks and try everything. it is all sooo good!PS. Check in here and tell em Daren sent ya!
5	Are you fucking kidding me?  Can I say fucking in a review?  This place is absolutely incredible, like some kind of mirage in the desert--so good I think it won't be there when I return, or else I'm going to go back and it will be an Italian restaurant like I thought it was the first time.  I saw the reviews before eating there, but I nearly turned around when I looked at the storefront.  My god, what a mistake that would have been.  I ordered every vegetarian item on the menu, like the vegetarian glutton that I am, and as a gift she brought me a bowl of lentil soup, which I consumed so quickly and with so much gusto that she brought me another.  Hummous: fantastic.  Falafel: like I just walked out of a shop in Morocco.  It's crazy good.  On top of that, they are lovely people.  I just moved to Phoenix, but I'll definitely be eating here weekly when we get back from London.
5	Ok, first review for me....so here goes.If you're looking for the best Gyro in this area, look no further.  Believe me, I have tried them all.  Before GFG, I was a Chicago Gyro/King Gyro guy for North Central Phoenix.  THEN......I went just around the corner.  The family running it is as friendly as can be and have 2x offered me soup while I wait for my delicious order to go.  Today, the kids even offered a warm "Hello" as I walked in the door to grab lunch.  I know all gyro meat in PHX seems to be "oddly" alike, so usually it is all about the Pita and the filling.  Not so much here.  The gyro meat is amazing.  So tender, so delicious.  Best I've had before.  And then, the pita is incredible, onions thinly sliced, roma tomoatoes......mmmmmm......sooooo good.  I want another already.Fries, which are ever so important, are just ok.  I wish more places would figure out that if I need to wait another 3 minutes for crispy fries, I will wait every damn minute patiently.I will branch off into other items soon, but the gyro is so damn good I will be back repeatedly.
5	Exceptional neighborhood Greek  food!  Please do not let the somewhat battered strip mall deter you, this place is really nice inside.  New, clean and very  spacious.  The owner was so friendly and offered every diner a taste of soup.  I chose to sample the lentil soup and it did not disappoint, just the right amount of spices and lentils were cooked to perfection, yum! I have been there twice now and both times everything from A-Z was awesome.  It is right around the corner from my house which is an added plus, yet I would definitely go out of my way for this place!
5	I continue to be wowed by Good Fellas!!!  Ninos and his family are the nicest restaurant owners I have met in a very long time!  I am now a regular and visit about 1-2 times per week. Trust me on this one, the food, service, and cleanliness of this place is flawless.  I needed to write another review because this place is that good and I want it to succeed! Nuf said, eat at Good Fellas, and no, I am not related nor have any affiliation, just pure admiration for a job well done.
4	Okay. I'm a huge fan of Greek and other Mediterranean foods. When I saw this place and all the five star reviews, of course I figured it was worth checking out (despite it being next door to Chino Bandido - I still shudder when I think about how severe the food poisoning was that my wife and I got from that place a couple of years ago). Before I begin, this review started at 3 stars in my mind, went up to four and then back down to three. Explanation follows.As with so many other Yelpers, I was immediately greeted upon entering the (empty at the time) establishment by a man who I assume was Ninos - and so for the rest of this review that's what I'll call him (even if it wasn't actually Ninos). Because this week I returned to my as-vegetarian-and-low-carb-as-possible diet, I was after something like falafels or dolmas for lunch. Ninos saw me looking at the menu and offered some suggestions. I asked for some sort of vegetarian type thing, like perhaps a platter, and he said he could actually design something for me - falafel on a bed of hummus. I thought of perhaps a little tabbouleh to go with it and he said it might not be able to do that, then ducked into the kitchen briefly - seconds later he reappeared with another dude and they both greenlighted the tabbouleh. The dolmas could have been part of my meal too, but I was advised that these are made to order and I figured I didn't need them that bad. We went with a custom order of falafel, tabbouleh and hummus. Ninos also asked if I liked eggplant, then said he could offer me a small sample of eggplant and potato on the house, which I gratefully accepted.Finally, while I was waiting, Ninos offered me a bowl of lentil soup. At this point, despite the fact that I'm not really into soup (especially in the Phoenix summertime) I mentally raised my rating of Good Fellas to 4 stars. The soup was hot as hell, and not too bad (as lentil soups go). Seems to me that it's more of a wintertime dish, but I'm no soup connoisseur.Several other people started arriving at the lunch hour and then my food was ready. Ninos opened the container to show me. A standard flat square takeout container with the main course, and a housebrick-sized one with tabbouleh (which was pretty much enough tabbouleh to feed at least four people - way more than I was after). Main here (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/CV0knwCFA-x-8jJHot6Few?select=VXmx9i2VaxpYwg5k795Tmg), tabbouleh here (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/CV0knwCFA-x-8jJHot6Few?select=iTuZQ7AB-acpYIbdxaFCrA).The total price came to just over $16. Later on, mulling over this fact is what reduced my final rating. Very much overpriced for what I was after - double my typical lunch cost.Taste-wise: the hummus was very nice and creamy, better than most I've had. The falafels, as you can see from the photo, looked like mini donuts. Strange, but also very nice - did not taste like the store-mix stuff (reminiscent of wet beach sand) that you find in falafels from places like Chicago Gyros or JT Gyros. Tabbouleh was good, but there was simply too much of it. This was supposed to be lunch for one person; I had to discard more than 3/4 of the T. Finally, the eggplant and potato was nice and reminded me of the ep/spicy potato/tzatziki/lettuce/tomato/cheese kebabs that I used to get from Saidoun in North Sydney Shoppingworld's food court. Back when it existed, that is.The price was somewhat my fault, I suppose, for not ordering directly from the menu nor indicating my desired quantity. Breaking it down: Greek Wraps give you two falafels for a buck; six would have been three bucks. Hummus; I can get almost double the amount for about $3.99 from Fry's, albeit perhaps not as fresh. Tabbouleh is cilantro, parsley, bulgur wheat and a coupla other cheap things. I would have been happy with far less of it and a price of perhaps $8-9 all up. Ninos rang up several items on the register so I think he may have believed that I got multiple full-size entrees items but my photos show what I received (minus the eggplant).Whatever. I'll return for sure and next time I'll bring a few workmates. Props to Ninos for being personable and willing to cater for his customers, and for the above average flavor of the food. And thanks to Google I now know why the falafels are shaped like donuts - to prevent getting mealy in the middle. Neat idea. I'll try a meat dish next time; there could well be a fourth star yet in Good Fellas' future..
5	Great service, and Ninos is so nice. He made me some tabbouleh and it wasn't in the menu. The prices were a bit high, but I don't mind paying for great service and good food. Overall a great experience and I'll go back, and it's nice to see this location has a good middle eastern restaurant finally.
5	I loved this place the owner was wonderful took the time to explain the menu he even made us something that wasn't on the menu. The free soup was delicious as well as all the food or feast that we ate. Ninos came over to check on us he really wanted our feed back he also told us about the vegetarian menu he was working on. The next day I was thinking about Good Fellas and it felt like you were at Ninos house for dinner not a restaurant. I recommend that every body tries Good Fellas I know you will be hooked like I am.
4	I'm really happy we found Good Fellas. What a great place tucked away on a little strip mall that doesn't do it justice!We love Greek/Med foods, so it's nice to find a good one close to home. Good Fellas had very reasonable prices, and the owner was extremely nice. The service was just wonderful, and you can tell the owner really cares about his customers' experience. I'm not sure what the other posters are saying in regard to the prices. I think $7.99 for a chicken kabob wrap, crispy hot fries and a drink is pretty reasonable!It also appears that they have cheaper lunch specials.We had hummus to start ($4.99, I believe - also reasonable in my book). It was wonderful and very tasty! The pita that came with it were piping hot, hot, hot! Perfection. I enjoyed the chicken kabob wrap, and my dining partner got the gyro. Both were super yum and cooked perfectly. The owner (Ninos?) offered us the lentil soup and the chicken curry soup for free. They both were steaming hot, and both were very, very good!Our daughter was dining with us, and Nino even offered to make her a special soup that wasn't as hot. He was super nice. I like this place a lot more than Chicago Gyros, which I think is pretty dang good, too. But I give this way more thumbs up for the service, and I also think the food was better. Our food was great, and all of it was super hot - a big plus in my book. We will be back for sure. I highly recommend it! I can see myself craving this place.
4	What a breath of fresh fresh air. The owner of this restaurant actually took my constructive criticism and made some very positive changes based on them. How awesome is that?Regarding the rice, apparently the staff who previously told me that they used chicken stock was misinformed. The owner showed me the seasoning they use and it is all veggie!They're also now carrying a vegan lentil soup daily and it's delicious!The pitas contain no dairy, which is awesome.This place makes some great veggie food and the owner is very friendly and responsive to customer needs.Definitely recommend that you check this place out!
5	OMG, WOW - Excellent great food and service in a clean causual setting.  No frills, just good food from a friendly greek family.  It appears they all work there.  We had the 3 meat combo(very tender and juicy), Tattosh Salad(simple and fresh) and Lentil soup(wonderful unique Mediterranean seasoning).   These were enough to share for two.  As well, they have several Gyro/sandwich, fries, & drink combo's for 7.99.  While eating there, it was obvoius that they have a lot of return business.
4	I've been there twice now. The complimentary lentil soup was just as good this time as the last. The owners are very accommodating and made up a 'junior' plate of the chicken, rice and pita for me. The chicken was moist and flavorful and I'm extremely picky. The rice was aromatic and tasty. It's clean and simple with very good food.
5	Ninos, aside from being a Bears fan, is an absolutely outstanding cook and an outstanding host.  the chicken kebabs and the lentil soup all the way!  Allah Tif this place stays in biz!
5	TASTY TASTY TASTYThe Hinny Beef is like a Spicey Persian Meatloaf.   Awesome..
5	I saw this place about a month ago on my first trip to Chino Bandido (which btw is totally overrated and the food isn't that great). But enough about Chino, this review is about good food at Good Fellas. My wife and I were looking for something different and for a reasonable price. We found Good Fellas and the reviews were great so we thought we'd try it out. Were we ever impressed!The owner, if you haven't read, is a great guy, extremely personable and wants to make sure you are satisfied with your dining experience. He suggested a couple of dishes and we ordered them. My wife had the Chicken Sandwich and I had the 2 Meat Platter. We also ordered the hummus, which came with a side of hot pita. The owner, Ninos, gave us a complimentary bowl of soup with our order.  I thought they were both tasty but I preferred the chicken and potato curry over the lentil.  The hummus was fresh and full of flavor.  When our food arrived, I couldn't believe how much food there was. A heaping mound of rice, a twelve inch piece of grilled beef and 6 or 7 hunks of chicken.  After the soup and hummus, I felt myself slowing down early and I'm usually a big eater.  The food was so flavorful and the portions were awesome for the price you pay.  Our meal was right around $22 and was some of the best money I've spent on food in a while.  I'll definitely be heading back for good food at Good Fellas soon.
5	I tried this place about a month ago and was blown away. The owners were very friendly and gave us soup to try for free and an extra piece of baklava for free. The chicken was so moist I immediately wondered if it was cooked all the way. It is incredible that chicken can be fully cooked and still so moist. The owner told us he has a secret process for cooking the chicken that keeps it so moist. The falafel seemed to taste a bit different than what I'm used to but it was still good. There wasn't anything I tried that I didn't like. I would eat here all the time if I lived closer.
5	My boyfriend and I went to this place for the first time tonight. The gentleman who took our order was very friendly and polite and gave us two servings of soup on the house.     The food was fantastic . The lentil soup was to die for. The hummus was delicious, the chicken kabob was tender and tasty.    The restaurant was clean and well lit and the prices very reasonable. I am new to the area and have been looking for good, locally owned establishments and this fits the bill. I will be going back
5	Don't let the name fool you this place is as good as it gets in this side of town , no no, this side of the world. This is pretty g*d d*am authentic and the prices are reasonable. Owners are Syrian and it shows with the hospitality. I would highly recommend this place for anyone whose been and needs a quick trip back to memory lane. Order the hummus if you don't believe me. I received complimentary soup and it was enough to make me cancel my meal. Thank the falafel gods I didn't. Go and go early and often.
5	Absolutely fantastic food and service. I accidentally found this place when stopping by Chino's for lunch. The complimentary chicken and potato curry soup was fantastic. I don't even like soup but I finished it all. I love gyro sandwiches and this place does them better than most I've had in town. The service, as good as it gets. I went in and got more than I expected to for less money than I expected to spend. You can tell this place really wants the business and treats you like they do. I was surprised and impressed. I will be back.
5	Found this place on accident.As many other Yelpers.. Neno, hooked us up with free samples, soup and made sure we were happy.. he knows word of mouth is the best advertising! we ordered the Flafel salad, chicken sandwich, and i ordered the Gyro dinner with rice. The food was fantastic! the soups were delicious. the price was perfect! portions were out of control! If you go, you will be back, i know I have!
5	Food was amazing! We saw a sign spinner on 19th ave and Greenway that said $1.99 gyro sandwich.... I looked to my right and I saw Good Fellas Grill in the Chino Bandito shopping mall. It was probably the best decision I had made all day, after a 7 hour work day I walked in was greeted, and ordered our two gyro sandwiches. We were given large servings of soup from the owner, my bf had chicken curry potato and I tried the lentil which were both amazing. We received our gyros which were on the best pita bread I've honestly ever had, the gyro was not greasy which I've had gyros that were total opposite, the onions and tomatoes were nice and fresh as well. The facilities were very clean, they had two big screens playing ESPN, which I love, and the bathrooms were nice and clean. The owner introduced himself as well which I find very respectable. I will be going back and I recommend you try Good Fellas Grill, you will be going back for more.
5	What amazing food... every time I have been there I have been greeted with the most homemade soup - it is just warming and makes you feel good. Then the chicken is so tender and seasoned to perfection - yes, I kid you not - every time it has been so for me. But my most fav after the soup is the delirious rice - its a must go to to try!!!! You'll love the family style atmosphere and the food too. Ill be back, time and time again... Thank you for making this one of my favorite yummy places to go to - esp on a night when I don't have time to cook - its always good to know there is quick, nutritious food out there for me to grab. Just go, and you will know of what I speak of for your self.
4	This is good food. I tried the potato curry soup and it was excellent. My entree of chicken and beef with rice was good. The most remarkable thing was the guy who took our order. He was super nice and helpful
4	After a Thanksgiving of savoring the delicious life, with home brined/ baked turkey, honey ham and all the fixings, I had to get something else on black friday while on vacation. So I popped open Yelp and narrowed down my search to four Mediterranean places north of downtown Phoenix.I randomly picked Good Fellas Grill off N. 19th Ave. and W. Greenway Rd. without regret. Service was awesome. Portions, especially for the very well priced lunch specials were adequate and filling. The chicken and meats on the kabob dishes were moist and tender, with the moist rice balancing out the spices and seasonings. The gyro was delicious, as well as the lentil and potato chicken curry soups that came with. Why bother having full sized portions when the junior portions suffice?Price vs. performance as well as service was exceptional. Now only if I could find a good combination of such in the S.F. Bay Area... I'm gonna miss the good fellas at Good Fellas. It's a newcomer to the area (seven months) but it definitely does not disappoint, especially for travelers on a budget, looking for a delicious place. A place I'd go back to, the next time I seek nice winter weather in the Valley of the Sun, as opposed to the dreary S.F. fog.
3	I was excited to try Good Fellas based on the great reviews.  First, the positives: the staff was very friendly and the interior of the restaurant is a lot nicer than the facade would imply.  A couple of patrons were taking a bunch of menus so that they could tell all their friends to try the restaurant-a good sign I thought.So I ordered a gyro and was given a complimentary chicken curry soup. Nice.  The soup was delivered piping hot, a little blah, but it went down nicely none the less.  The gyro arrived a short time later and here is where the disappointment set in.  The pita was stale and the portion of meat was a bit on the skimpy side.  I would have preferred a bit more tzatziki too.  Whaddya want for seven bucks though.Given that my fave gyro place is just a bit further north than Good Fellas, I likely won't return.
4	Went with the gyro combo meal, which has a gyro, fries, and a drink. The gyro was pretty good, but could probably use a little more sauce. The fries were also pretty good, some of them were a little undercooked. Everyone that worked there was nice. The person that I assume is either the manager or the owner offered me soup while I was waiting. The seating area was basically empty, so either it was slow or they don't have a lot of business. I would recommend other to it, I will be going back to give it another shot.
4	Super yummy food and friendly service!!!
5	Great, attentive service. Clean restaurant. A little hole-in-the-wall type place. Got free chicken potato soup and free lentil soup to start with, both of which were great, but we're boiling hot when they came out (better than being cold). I had the chicken and ground beef kabob combo, which comes with rice and pita bread, as well as sliced tomatoes and onion on the side. My boyfriend has the chicken kabob platter. Good portions for the price. 20% off one entree or sandwich when you check in on Yelp or foursquare.
5	Brought my family in for dinner on a Saturday, and we were literally treated like guests in their home.This great, family-run, independant, unique eatery is just what everyone hopes for in their neigborhood.  If you're not in the neigborhood, don't worry, you'll be welcomed whole-heartedly. Drive past as many local fast food gyro joints as you need to on the way, and you'll be glad you did.
5	Sometimes I forget that NOT EVERYONE is a super freak and loves the GFG food. I wonder how this is possible? The realize because I forget to tell you all. Close your eyes and imagine this....well shoot that didn't work...um...ok... err.The gyro bread is a soft, chewy, perfectly flavored, life vest for a quartet of ingredients. Spread lightly, yet enough to know it is there, is a hummus base used to tingle the taste buds in the back of your mouth as the flavor mixes with the fresh and crisp salad/lettuce/veggies mixture that is seasoned and intertwined with the lemon juice and tahini sauce. The charred and seasoned hunks of moist chicken fresh off the skewer are places on top the bed of mouth watering delight happening below. The flavors are meant to satisfy your buds and you will gladly lick the drippings off your wrist as they drizzle down at a constant pace because you never let the sandwich get more then 4 inches from your face the entire time...Damn just drooled on my shirt.  As a freaking devoured the entire thing last night all i could think about was two things. 1. Imagine how good this would be with a bunch of other Yelpers, chatting it up about the quality of the meat, veggies etc. The passion of Ninos and his amazing people skills. The impeccable cleanliness interior, furniture, kitchen, and my gosh the Restrooms...Mom would be proud. 2. How everyone of the Sheeple passing up GFG to go to CHINO BANDITO....and the cheap quality, messy atmosphere, disgusting bathrooms...don't get me wrong I go there but...Eat at Good Fellas and have a cookie at Chino's. Best of both worlds!
5	What a great addition to the area!  Located in an unattractive strip mall at 19th ave. and Greenway, the interior of this eatery is very clean, nicely decorated and a pleasure to eat in.   I usually frequent Chino's in the same mall, but decided to try this place for the first time today, was pleasantly surprised and will be back when I want Greek Mediterranean food.The staff was super friendly and even offered us some free soup to taste while we were waiting which was a nice gesture!  We ordered a 2 meat plate ( my 10 year old loved the savory flavors of the chicken and beef '"kabobs") and a gyros plate.  The meats were delicious and the rice was moist and flavorful - not just plain white rice.  Our entrees came with yummy sauces, tomatoes, onions and pita bread.  Our food really had the feel and flavor of family style cooking, not fast food stuff.   We ended up getting a doggie bag because portions were generous.  their menu also has some interesting non-meat options which looked delicious - little "calzone'" style hand pies filled with a potato curry mixture (I forget the name), hummus, salad, etc. Sandwich and fries plates were also available. Don't know how long they've been open but I hope they're around for a long  time. It's nice to support locally run restaurants that care about offering good food and service.  Check them out!
5	Yelp and Good Fellas  really came through for my family and I while we were off the beaten path looking for some good grub.  Good Fellas is very very good food.  They have a casual and comfortable atmosphere that is just about the food.  Try the two meat combo.  MMMMMM!  The lentil soup is excellant (try it with some lemon juice).  The only thing I did not like about the place is it is not in the east valley!
5	So delicious! Very clean, nice atmosphere, plenty of nice tables to sit at, I didn't feel crowded at all. I like the menu, they have pictures of each of their dishes. The owner (I'm assuming he was the owner) was very friendly and helpful, you can tell he is really passionate about his food. I tried the potato curry soup and it was wonderful, just enough flavor, great consistency. I could tell it was homemade. The Gyro was fantastic as well, and even the french fries were perfect. It's nice to have some real Greek food instead of another hole in the wall Gyro place just looking to make a buck. I'll be back soon!
5	I couldn't quite pinpoint exactly what made my meal so above average...but definitely the flavor, quality, detail and great customer service tornado that I believe had me in awe of my good food stupor Good Fellas Grill put me in tonight.I kept thinking of what that special something was after I had my meal here tonight...The only words that came out of my mouth tonight were:Mmm...sooo good...TASTY...mmm...sooo goooood ...TaastyLentil Soup = BEST soup ever... like  the best creamy chicken base with lentils pureed in.  free.Chicken Potato Soup = ALSO ties for BEST soup ever.  A chicken-brothy soup with moist pieces of chicken and tender potato.  They are sure to give you some chili paste to mix in to only make a great soup even greater.  free.Salad = romaine mix with chunks of tomato and cucumbers with what has to be their own recipe greek-tasting vinaigretteGyro Meat = moist with those perfect crispy edges, a little meat juice.Sandwich Pita = perfection in a pita, perfectly grilled possibly with butter for great flavor.Yogurt sauce = just right thickness major dill  I will be back for this sauce.  It is definitely their own recipe and it is a major star.Chicken Kabob = perfectly cooked, not overcooked, chunks of juicy chicken breast marinated in greek seasoning of some sort and lemon...think lemonpeppergreekseasoned.Rice = again perfectly cooked, not overcooked, large bed of white rice.  They shove another little cup of chicken broth for you to swim your rice in because they think they know what is good... they truly do though... we took home the other 2 cups of rice left on the plate pured that chicken broth all over it and are dreaming today about eating it tomorrow.  That good.Pistachio Bird's Nest = Light crispy phyllo with that good inner juiciness of syrup that pops in your mouth only when you bite into it.Service = excellent son and father that made sure we had anything and everything we needed all with a friendly demeanor that is more often than not non-existent.Go here... I love me some Greek Wraps but this place has it's own special charm and flavor.
4	I really hope the word gets out about this place. Ninos has a really good thing going here.Stopped for takeout dinner and was welcomed by Ninos. He went over the menu and provided us a bowl of soup for free while we waited. Both the lentil and potato soup were delish. This place really knows how to use seasoning right.We ordered the kabob meals and they were really good. Kabobs were fair in size but the rice portion was large, definitely enough for a couple meals. Meals came with pita and a light, almost butter like garlic spread. The spread was so good on the warm pita.The place was exceptionally clean and I would definitely go back to try more on the menu.Wish I worked closer because I would be a frequent visitor for the $4.99 lunch specials.I really loved the combo of good food and great hospitality!
2	I'm confused with the previous reviews. I was excited to go to this place because it was newer and just down the street. But the food experience was not very good. I actually had my husband pick some food up from here. So I didn't go in, however he did say the people were nice and you get free soup while you wait. But the food he brought home was not so good. They did cater to my request to get the seasoned chicken in a pita (rather than on the salad). So kudos to them for doing something different for the customer. However, the seasoned chicken was burned, the pitas were burned and chewy, and the hummus was lack luster. No flavor at all. They actually spread the hummus in such a small layer on the bottom of the to-go container it didn't look very appealing (although the presentation was creative). But it was spread out so much, you couldn't really dip the (burnt) pita in it. So odd!! And its a waste of a large to-go container (not good on the environment) :o)  The food actually made my stomach really upset. However, my husband got the gyro plate and the rice was pretty good from it. (I tasted some and I agreed, it was yummy). He had no real complaints on his meal, however, he agreed with me on the other items listed above.   I might go back, but maybe not for a long time.
5	Good Fellas is the best!!!  My husband and I went in there today for lunch and it was probably our 10th time there and we have always been extremely impressed!  Today just so happens to be the one year anniversary of the restaurant opening... Congrats to Ninos and his family!There is not a bad thing on the menu and it is EXTREMELY well priced.  We keep coming back to this place because it's the perfect combo of everything you'd want in a lovely restaurant.  Think Persian Room food at a quarter (sometimes even more) of the cost with a laid back atmosphere.  They have even added on a whole new vegetarian/vegan portion to their menu.  You can tell Ninos has a passion for what he does and provides top notch customer service and food to every customer that comes through the door.  You will be treated like family here.Spread the word on this place to keep it around for a very long time!  It's places like this that are meant to be shared with everyone. :)
5	Potato soup was amazing, Owner is so friendly great service and fresh food. It's like homemade cocking strate from
5	I was a little leery about eating here during lent but the owner had it covered. Had a wonderfully delicious vegan lentil soup with some kind of curry in it. I don't think anyone in our group had a bad thing to say about it! I also had some type of bread with mushrooms & potatos inside that was kinda like a russian pyroski. As strange as it is to say the rice was probably tied with the soup as my favorite part of the meal. It was vegetarian and had a slight yellow color to it (maybe saffron?). All in all, it was a nice little place with a very caring accommodating staff, excellent prices, delicious food, & large portions.
4	Service was slow, but food was great.
4	I'm from Chicago and I felt like I'd stepped into a place back home. The lentil soup was delicious. Nicest people too and inside was well maintained.
5	Had lunch with Daren and Ryan here last week and was treated like I was part of the family by the owner.I had the 3 meat lunch cuz I could not decide what to get.  Everything was cooked perfect and look forward to coming back.
5	I finally had the opportunity to take the whole family to enjoyed homey greek/mediterranean food.  It was a success.  The twins tried everything and those are some picky eaters.  I love the lentil soup, and I have told before in other reviews, I am not a soup person but this one is so delicious.  I guess I must have become a soup person, but I digress.  My chicken was so tender and marinated to perfection.  My little girl ate all her portion plus some of her brother's chicken.  THey both enjoyed the rice.  I was supposed to be off of carbs this week, but I couldn't pass up this one.  It is perfectly cooked rice.  The garlic sauce that comes with the chicken goes so well with it.  My hubby had a salad with some gyro meat on it.  He really enjoyed it.  The only bad thing is that this place is so far from us.  I could see having take out at least a couple of times a week, if I live closer.
5	I'll be honest, if it wasn't for Yelp (and Daren C), I would have probably never known that Good Fellas Grill existed and I would have never known the deliciousness I was missing! I've eaten here several times now and I am officially a fan! I love Mediterranean food and Good Fellas Grill lives up to my love. Everything here is juicy, fresh and delicious.My favorite meal is the Mediterranean salad with either chicken or lamb. The meat is juicy with the perfect about of marination that makes it tasty with every bite. The salad is hefty and could easily be two meals. The salad dressing is salty and yummy! However, I will say that I'm a sucker for carbs and I love their buttery rice as well. I like to order a side of the rice. Other go-to items are the lentil soup and one of the meat dishes. Good Fellas is a no-frills, homey food style place. It's perfect for lunch on the go, for a casual lunch or dinner with kids or just if you want to grab some takeout! PS - it's right by Turf Paradise, so if you're there for the races, stop by on your way home!
5	I don't like to give five stars to any place because, really, who can be perfect?  Gotta say though, Good Fellas comes pretty darn close!I've been a few times now and tried a number of different options.  The 2 or 3 meat combos are staples of goodness with highlights on the chicken and the delicious garlic sauce that matches it so well.  The vegetarian platter is also fantastic and I have no problem picking it on a number of different occasions.  For sandwiches, the marinated chicken on french bread was just right.To top it off, the service and atmosphere is an example of how to do things right.  I don't think I would have found this place without Yelp, but I'm sure glad I did.  With a great restaurant like this, I can't help but keep coming back!
4	Don't let the location dissuade you. The food is very good, especially the chicken kabobs (part of the 2 meat special). Will go back.
5	A great find! Family owned hole in the wall with best Mediterranean in Phoenix. Large portions, great prices. And yes, free tasty soup!
5	Please, oh please, give Good Fellas a try!  It should almost have a star above it, because the food is heavenly!  We haven't introduced anyone to Good Fellas that hasn't been thankful for "finding" it!  The RICE!  Heavens!  This is GOOD!
5	The gyro was amazing and the lentil soup was delicious! This is a friendly, family owned place that obviously cares about their food and their customers. We will definitely be returning.
4	We eat here about twice a month and the food is delicious every time. The owner is very friendly and accommodating. Once while we were waiting for our to go order, he offered us some of his lentil and potato soup. They were to die for! This place offers the best tzatziki sauce I have ever tasted. The only thing I could wish for is that they offered souvlaki too. We will definitely keep coming back!
5	We love it at Good Fellas. Nino's is very personable and always makes you feel welcome. The food is priced very reasonably and is excellent value. If you like flavorful good Greek food, you've come to the best place!! It's easy to select meal as they have photos. Everything is delicious...We have tried different dishes...the meat dishes taste good and moist, not dry, the rice is flavorful, both lentil and potato soups are very good. Comfortable dining area. We've taken our relatives here and will continue to patronize the restaurant. You will not regret it. Thanks Nino.
5	I stopped by Good Fellas Grill last night after reading all the reviews on Yelp.  I was not disappointed at all.  Ninos is a dynamic restaurant owner - offering everything you'd want in a local hole-in-the-wall restaurant.  He makes you feel instantly welcome with his warm smile and friendly disposition.  I kept thinking about who he reminded me of and it came to me this morning - the Cake Boss.  lolWhile I waited for my meal to be prepared, he brought me some delicious potato chicken curry soup.  It was piping hot, wonderfully spicy, and the perfect way to begin the meal.  I ordered the hummus appetizer and the two-meat platter.  Everything was perfect.The hummus was perfectly seasoned, creamy and rich with garlic.  The pita bread served with it was warm, fresh, and plentiful.  My two-meat platter was tasty, too.  The chicken was tender and juicy (which is difficult to do with chicken breast) and the seasoned ground beef kabab was also very good.  I also enjoyed the mountain of rice - which was basmati (or maybe jasmine).  It was fragrant, light, and fantastic.I couldn't pass up on the little pistachio bird nest pastries by the register, so bought four of them to take home for later.  Like everything else, they were delicious - so buttery and bursting with yummy goodness.My boyfriend is a vegetarian and I noticed they had nearly a dozen vegetarian selections including a veggie platter, falafel, hummus, lentil soup, and much, much more.  I can't wait to go back to try a different selection from their vast menu.  With most of their selections under $10 (some even at $7.99), it's affordable enough to make a regular stop.
4	Yelp helps find another out of the way spot.  This place is in a small nondescript strip mall and I never would have found it.We had the lettuce wrap and the gyro plate.  Both were great and large portions. We got our orders to go and while we were waiting, the man taking orders (possibly the owner?) brought out two complimentary bowls of soup!  Not sure of what the names of the soups.  One was a potato type and I think the other was possibly a lentil curry?  Both were excellent and I'm not a big soup fan.Good food, great service, reasonable prices.
4	I stopped by for some takeout and was not disappointed. There were several vegan options for my wife, including a few things I hadn't tried before. Ninos was so nice, and gave good recommendations, as well as a complimentary bowl of hot soup while I waited. The food was delicious, although a bit saltier than I felt necessary. I can't wait to go back and try the rest of the menu.
5	I am an avid yelp viewer, but not until going to good fellas did I feel compelled to make an account just to comment on this place. Keeping it simple: awesome food, the staff is amazing, great prices too.  Everyone MUST try this place.
3	Since my last visit that wasn't the best experience, the owner reached out to us via Yelp and offered to make things right. Although I have not been able to return to this restaurant to try out a different food item (due to moving out of the area), I thought the generosity of the owner was stellar. I appreciate owners taking the time out to really listen to the consumers. Its not done enough and I appreciate the effort. I have added one more star to my review because of it. I hope to return again to Good Fellas soon.
5	On our way from Sky Harbor to Sedona and needed a lunch break. Yelped and came across the highly rated GFG. Found it in a storefront side-strip of shops ("Good Fellas Grill" is a small part of the bigger sign, so be on the lookout). Could not believe how sweet the owner was or how great the food tasted. No atmosphere, but awesome Middle Eastern food. Excellent lentil soup. Superb hummus that's gotta a great little kick, and baba ganoush with a wonderful smokey taste. We all shared, and they were the perfect precursors to some of the best chicken, gyros, and ground beef kabobs I can ever remember tasting.Dollar for dollar, this place is an amazing find. I'm bummed that it's about a 1,000 miles away from where I usually have to eat lunch, but now that I know where it is, I'm going to add it to my short list of favorite area restaurants so I always know where to get some great food when out your way!
4	My hubby and I were looking for something new tonight, so I went to Yelp and did some digging in our area. Good Fellas Grill came up, so we gave it a try. Out of the reviews I had read, I was excited for two things: meeting Ninos (the owner), and the complimentary soup. I couldn't believe it. Complimentary Soup?! I've heard of complimentary chips and salsa at Macayos, but I've never heard of complimentary soup. We had to check this spot out.We walked in, and the first thing you see is a menu on the wall with pics of the dishes. Awesome! A man came out and greeted us. I thought to myself: This must be Ninos! I didn't say anything because I didn't want to have a Yelper geek out moment and freak him out. He was nice, and helped us out with the menu since it was our first time. He suggested the Meat Combo Plate, so we went for it. He asked me for my name, and he introduced himself and shook my hand. He brought out the Lentil and Potato Curry Soup and introduced himself to my hubby. Throughout our meal he asked how we were, and it was nice, because he cared. You could see it in his eyes! He wanted the customers to be happy. FOODWe had the meat combo and the gyro plate and the complimentary potato curry soup and lentil soup. All of it was fresh, and the meats were packed with sock it to me flavor. The gyro plate was a gyro with fries. The bread the gyro came on was fresh and crisp, the gyro meat was fresh from the rotisserie, and the fries were hot and crispy. The meat combo was a row of chicken pieces and ground beef, rice, tomatos, pita bread and onions. I'm a carnivore, and I've had my fair share of chicken, beef, etc. This location had the best tasting chicken/ground beef I have ever had. None of it was dry. It was juicy and filled with sock it to me spices. Yummy!SERVICENinos....nuff said! He was the service, and he was an exceptional host with a warm smile.Support this business!
5	This place is amazing! I love finding hidden gems like this. When we drove up to the restaurant we weren't really sure what to expect...but as soon as we walked in the service was great and the food was even better. If you like home-style Mediterranean food then I highly recommend this place!
5	Fantastic food & service! When you're here, you're treated like family. Soups and meats are delicious. Highly recommend!
5	Love the food and the owner!  This place is a true gem.  I like how when I asked for some suggestions the owner had a specific dish I should start with.  It was delicious!  #7 in case your wondering.
4	Service was great.  First timer, so the man behind the counter helped with ordering.  Suggested options, offered free soup, recommend dishes, etc...Food was well prepared, tasted good and quick.  In and out in less than 30 minutes.Would definetly recommend this place if you like Greek food and friendly people.
5	Unbelievable Food and Unbelievable prices the service was excellent and i could definitely a place i would add to my regular list!
4	I don't have much Greek food experience but this place has definitely encouraged me to to have try it more often.The place seems to be family/friends owned and run, which makes the services more personable and friendly, which is always a good thing. I've been here a few times and the best thing I've had so far is the 2 meat combo. Seasoned to be strong but not overpowering and when mixed with the rice and pita bread makes for a very delicious lunch. And you get complimentary soup too!The restaurant itself is rather plain, no crazy shit on the walls or anything but that's OK. The food is cook when you order it but it comes out fast enough that its not a hassle so I would just take it to go. In summary, I will definitely be back and when I have visitors for out of town, this and Chino Bandido next door makes for a one two punch of delicious ness!
4	I've been meaning to go here for nearly a year and never got around to it.  Nearly collapsing from hunger after getting off work late yesterday, I stumbled in here half an hour to closing.  I ordered the veggie sampler and had a chat with the owner, Ninos, while I waited for my food.  The complimentary lentil soup was delish and helped me survive the short wait until my food was ready.  Ninos is as awesome as everyone says - such a warm, friendly guy.  A real breath of fresh air with the way most businesses are these days.As others have mentioned, the restaurant is pretty spartan, but it was very clean.  Some of those hole in the wall restaurants have tasty food but have you trying not to look too closely at the tables or study the grime engraved in the walls.  Definitely not the case here - it was very clean and bright.On to the food.  I wasn't all that crazy about the potato cake, but it seemed like the distant Grecian cousin of shepherd's pie, which I can't stand.  That's just personal tastes, nothing against Good Fellas.  Otherwise, my food was very tasty.  The hummus had an unexpected yet delightful smoky hint.  The unexpected star of my meal was the boorack, a delicious pocket of dough stuffed with savory mushrooms and potatoes.  I've never had them before but loved them.I'd love to see a grilled veggie kabob added to the menu.  I was a little surprised that I didn't see one on the menu, although I was looking at the carryout menu and didn't double check the posting on the wall, so I'm not totally positive one hasn't been added.  In the meantime, I'll try to avoid buying a truckload of that boorack; I don't think my waistline would appreciate it.  ;)
5	This place is great. Food was awesome, with plenty of spices and herbs in everything! Athena wasn't sure she was going to have anything (She's not that fond of Greek food, despite her name. I think her anti-fondness stemss from some lame aversion to lamb...go figure).So, the guy behind the counter taking the order suggested the #7 2-meat combo for her, which is expertly seasoned ground beef, and nicely marinated, big ol' chicken breast cubes. She ended up totally loving it, and taking some photos because it looked so nice. (I'll update those later on. )I went with the #12 gyros plate, because I have no aversion to lamb whatsoever. In fact, I seek it out. I took some pix too, but I couldn't figure out how to operate her camphone very well - so not sure those will be upload worthy.Drinks come in those red plastic glasses, which I've always loved for some reason. The fountain is Coca-Cola products - but I won't dock them for that, because there was at least Orange Fanta, and a high-tech kinda brewed tea thingy.We got some soup samples "on the house". Lentil, and curried chicken/potato. Both totally awesome. The place looked fabulous, and was getting better while we were there. They were busy painting an area where apparently a 42"-ish TV had been hanging, so they could replace it with a spanking new 50" LED model. That'll make 3 of those babies in this nicely appointed place. All were tuned to sports networks - so you should be able to catch a game while u eat!Only drawback - no beer or wine. A nice carafe of a decent house red would really put this place over the top - as far as strip-mall gyro places go. I hope they add this option - and get ahold of one of the local brewers (Old World Brewery? SanTan?) to supply them with some #craftbeers, rather than opt for some draft crud from one of the big 3.
5	The hype is true...Food is incredible, Ninos is awesome, price is on point, atmosphere is clean and pleasant.We finally trekked over to Good Fellas last night. I do think the name is deceiving... when I think of Good Fellas Grill, I think of an Italian sports bar similar to Santisis Brothers. Not mouthwatering Mediterranean morsels of joy.Ninos makes you feel like you are stepping into his home. He is warm, friendly, and proud of his food and establishment.I had a difficult time deciding... I love me some falafel but I was intrigued by the vegetarian plate. I thought I knew a lot about Greek food. I have been to every Greek restaurant in my 10 mile radius and my sister once owned a Greek restaurant. But I have never seen potato cakes or the little stuffed bread things they have. My husband ordered the 2 meat plate which Ninos recommended. Ninos also assured me that the rice and lentil soup were chicken broth free. I love how vegetarian friendly he is.We were brought the famous soups to start, lentil for me, potato chicken curry for him. I was weary of the consistency at first... the soup looked thin. But it was yummy. I devoured it in about 23 seconds. Hubs loved his soup too. Dinners were incredible. The potato cake was delicious and slightly spicy. The stuffed bread thing was good and not like anything I have tasted before. I detected a curry taste in them... which I loved. The baba ghanoush and hummus were lick your plate good. The salad it came with was fresh and perfectly dressed. My husband's 2 meat plate had a lot of food for the price. He could barely finish it but he insisted because he said it was so tasty. He said the meat was tender and perfectly cooked. I can't wait to go back...
5	My husband and I were on another of our road trips from Southern California!  We hadn't eaten all day and were in the mood for some homestyle, ethnic, one of a kind cuisine.Well, our search brought us to Good Fellas Grill!  We were in the right place.  Ninos  (pronounced Knee-Nose) Lol :-) greeted us and made a couple of recommendations for the Gyro Plate and the Chicken/Beef combo plate.  He even threw in a couple of soups-lental and a potato soup.  Everything was out of this world.  Not only were our meals amazing but the baklava was some of the best I have ever had!If you are in the mood for great Mediterranean food, a down home friendly environment, and  a place to watch whatever sporting event is the hype of the day.  This is the place to go!Good Fellas Grill It is the real deal.  Not to mention that the quality of the food is awesome and the prices.... super reasonable.  Bon Appetite!
5	Wow! Lentil soup was amazing potato chicken soup was stellar. Real Gyro Meat! Can't wait to come back and my kiddo's loved  it to.I love  a family local restaurant.
3	:/Loved Good Fellas the first time we went, as you can tell by my glowing review. But we had quite a few hiccups last time we were there. Let's start with the ordering. And a disclaimer. Ninos was no where to be seen- which may have something to do with our experience. It took about 5 minutes for the man behind the counter to do whatever he was doing with the cash register before he could take our order. I ordered the vegetarian plate but they said they were out of the boorak. I said that's fine but could I please substitute falafel for the boorak on the plate. They said that's okay... We tried to pay with our credit card but they couldn't seem to work the machine. Which is the same thing that happened with the last customer. I had a groupon to redeem on my phone. He clicked the redeem button on my groupon BEFORE he got the voucher number. (Facepalm) Luckily he still took the groupon value off our order. We get our drinks, and sit down to the bowls of steaming house soup. (Still delicious!) I take a sip of my iced green tea. It tastes like yucky water. I go dump it out and get black tea from their iced tea machine. Also looks and tastes like water. I should have told them, but I was exhausted and weak with hunger. So I get Sprite and return to our table.Our food comes. I am handed a big plate of falafel. (Big sigh) I wave them down and remind them I ordered the vegetarian plate substituting the boorak for falafel. After much confusion and discussion between the two men running the place, he says he will bring me the rest of the vegetarian plate and we can keep the big plate of falafel. Redeemed. Then my vegetarian plate comes out. Just baba ghanoush and hummus. I give him a blank stare. He says "this is the vegetarian plate" with a big smile. I seem to recall the vegetarian plate also had a potato cake which I adored and also was looking forward to. But I was tired, so tired of the back and forth. So I ate the food, which was still delicious and plentiful. My husband loved this gyro sandwich as well.Bottom line- the food is still incredible but I am very disappointed with the service that particular night. I hope it doesn't happen again or we won't return. I am exhausted just from writing this review...
4	I've been by this place a couple of times, and am a bit ashamed to say I haven't been by more, since I literall live within walking distance of this place. This entire plaza actually has lots of hole in the wall gems- Chino Bandido's is most famous, but Good Fella's is awesome, and so is Muffin But the Best. But more about Good Fellas. It's greek, and it's family owned. Each time we've been in it's been the same gentleman manning the front counter. He's soft spoken, so nice, and if you tell him it's your first time here he'll go out of his way to recommend things to you. The husband usually gets the gyros, and I get the gyro or the two meat plate, as I'd rather usually eat with my utensils, versus my hands. The gyro meat is outstanding, and I love the tzatziki sauce that comes with it. Now granted, I'm just a sucker for tzatziki in general, but this stuff is good. The meat is thinly sliced, and crisp, and the rice itself has lots of good flavor. His pita is always soft and fluffy and warm, and they are generous with the gyro meat and the tzatziki. I really ought to try out other specialities of theirs- I'm a sucker for a good plate of dolmades and a nice spanakopita.What takes this place from good to great though- is the service. As mentioned by some others- I'm pretty sure the gentleman manning the cash register owns the place, and he's always comped us a bowl of soup each time we've been in. He even recognizes us. I get the curry and potato, and in this weather it's amazing. Warm and hearty and very curry like. He's ultra nice, and the food comes out promptly.Cons? It's a small operation, so I've dined here before and noticed the tables not cleared away right after patrons leave. Not a deal breaker, but for those of you who are finicky... you may not like that. That and the fact that it's in a crappy little hole of a complex. They're a fairly new operation and clearly renovated before they came in- Chino's is a lot worse, but again. Some of you might care about that. Oh, and they're also not open on Sundays. Bummer when I'm craving nice greek after church.Definitely give it a shot- it's a regular on my list, and not just because of it's proximity.
5	Decided to go for some Greek and Mediterranean food tonight and kind of threw a dart at the board and it landed on Good Fellas Grill. I generally haven't had a great experience with Greek food but boy was that changed during this visit. Walked in, only about 3 people there, presentation of the restaurant was pretty nice. Had that typical look you'd expect from a place like this, very comfortable eating environment. Had no idea what to order so I went with some lettuce wraps and the owner Ninos threw in some lentil and potato soup. Awesome! Food came out within 2 minutes. Perfect! Potato soup was great. Lettuce wraps were amazing. Honestly, I was shocked on what I've been missing. I almost want to travel back for seconds now. Ninos suggested another selection and I'm motivated to come back and check it out!This is how you run a business right here. The customer service was flawless and honestly so was the food. For the price it's worth it. I wish I could give a better rating, so I will 6 stars! Sorry Yelp! I'm breaking the rules on this one.
5	Great food and easy to order. I eat a lot of Greek food. This was authentic and tasty. Eat here. You will not be disappointed.
5	I am not dissapoint! :)I come here all time. Good food. Ninos is good ovner and take care your need. Food so delishus its like have sex with voman. Although I never make sex with voman I sink it as good as Ninos food. One vord: YAMMY!
5	I read so many rave reviews here on Yelp, in fact, was very impressed by all the positive remarks, so I finally came in for dinner.  Hubby made some doubting comment about "Well, if those reviews are valid..."  Our experience was exactly as already described, being greeted by Ninos, getting menu recommendations, free soup, etc, so I won't bore you with all that.  That's an unbelievably awesome way to run a business and couldn't believe he does that with everybody.  Smiles all around, hubby very happy! JUST GO HERE.  The food is great and plentiful.  The restaurant is clean and bright, much brighter than you'd expect from the rather sketchy strip mall location.  Menu is basic (as in no flaming saganaki, ha ha)  but hits all the right notes in terms of Greek and Mediterranean "fast food". We had what Ninos recommended, the 2- meat platter and the gyro platter.  Oh, both soups were good but I liked the lentil better.  My votes would be 1. gyro meat, so tender and good spice, 2. chicken, and then 3. the beef.   Also had the boorack and hubby loved them.  BTW, he ordered baklava before we even ordered entrees!  whoa, and it was delicious; a little dry/flaky, but that's personal preference.  [We like our baklava super sticky with honey!]Please, Yelp seems to be their main advertising.  Run, don't walk, and please keep this place open!   they even deliver, which on this upcoming super-cold weekend (Jan 11-14), wouldn't that be great?   We will go back to make sure we weren't dreaming, and to start working our way around the menu.  We need to try the hummus to truly decide.  Just a nice, friendly, filling, fast, relaxed place to chow down.
5	Great service and the food was delicious. Soup was a bit bland.
5	I was in town for several weeks on business and have already been here four times each time bringing more coworkers. I don't even pick my own order anymore and leave that up to the owners recommendation. Everything has been delicious!  Definitely a win for me, only con is they don't accept the corporate American express card so some coworkers shy away.
5	Great food and personable proprietor. Tried because of good yelp reviews and will definitely be eating here again!
5	Delicious food, Awesome Customers Service,, and Delicious Food.  Oh, I already said that.  lol.  You can go and taste it yourself.  Yummy.  I"m addicted :)
5	Since my last review update, SUPERB SERVICE, has been the number one reason I keep going back over and over and over and over again.That does not discount the DELICIOUS FOOD made with QUALITY INGREDIENTS, least of which is genuine LOVE for serving their customers.Ninos has added numerous menu items to try, and even though I am a loyal fan of the chicken sandwich on garlic bread and the 2 meat plattter, everything else tried has been worth the venturing away from my favorites. I know of at least two customers that are in the restaurant EVERY TIME my brother and I stop in, and after initiating conversation found out that they are there LITERALLY EVERY DAY (one gentleman sometimes comes TWICE the same day, lunch and dinner). Yes! There is enough variety to sustain this kind of obsession! Several times I have gone two days in a row, myself, or dinner one night and lunch the next day.You will not find better food or service at any equivalent place. Sounds like hyperbole, but it's true!
5	My wife, who loves lentil soup, says this is the best shes ever had.  Even though we arrived right at closing time, the staff was friendly and didn't rush us out
5	Wow! I have been a Chino's fan for almost 7 years now and never knew of this place. I found it on Yelp and decided to go and man am I glad I did.I got the three meat combo and a bowl of the potato soup. Everything was amazing. I would even come back just for the potato soup.Location: Location sucks, but I am used to it because of Chino's. Ambiance: Cute. Recently remodeled and it had two flat screen TVs to watch. VERY quiet despite there being two large family members.Service: I had Nino take my order at the counter, he explained everything and even offered to customize the meals. He also followed up with every table in the room. More places should have service like this.Food: Amazing. I would pick this place over Chino's any day of the week, now that I know about it. The food was well priced and had great flavor. I ended up eating all of my chicken and steak, but was too full to eat the beef, though I tried.Complaints: Is too much food a complaint? If so, then my only complaint is too much food. I felt bad leaving that much food on my plate, but there was no way I could eat it all.Overall, I would come back. The soup alone is worth coming back for. Next time I am just getting the steak and chicken so I don't waste too much food.
5	awesome. Great food service and price!
5	While it is completely obvious that I love this place... I want to let you all in on a nice little lunch special. $5.99 gets you a lunch sized meal of 7 of the most amazing things you can put in your mouth. YEP 7 perfectly flavored and seasoned eats!1. Salad with fresh greens, cucumbers, cabbage, tomato's, and dressed with traditional dressing. 2. Bazmatti Rice, light and fluffy with a hint of seasoning. 3. Grilled Chicken kabob 2 hunks of the best chicken ever.4. Generous portion of Gyro meat topped with Tzaeki sauce5. 1/2 skewer of Kefta which is a grilled beef seasoned like no other6. Pita bread, enough to eat with all the meats7. Garlic spread to add on the Pita...gotta try this!8  WHAT YEP A BONUS... if you eat in you will get FREE Chicken potato or Lentil soup. I would like you to show me a better deal at CHINO??
5	Excellent!!!!
5	Excellent, excellent, excellent.The food is fantastic, but as others have said, the superb customer service is the highlight. The owner is seemingly always in a good mood, always welcoming, and always willing to have a pleasant little chat.
5	My favorite item at the Good Fellas Grill is the Steak Shish Kabob. The meat is always perfectly cooked to medium temperature and very tasty. I take the meat off of the Shish Kabob and eat it with the rice. I don't know what kind of rice that they use, but it's really delicious. Their hummus is great and a perfect appetizer before diner. I also love the potato soup that is given out for free by Ninos, the owner of Good Fellas Grill.Last time I was in Ninos had me cracking up as he was explaining how to say his name to my dinner companions (we were there for about 90 minutes). He touches his knee and says "Knee" and then touches his nose and says "noes"(not a typo). Knee Noes. That little skit was worth the price of admission. Everybody that I bring here loves the food. His prices are fair and the food is fabulous.
5	Did a terrific job with our catering order for a birthday party. We ordered chicken and kofte kebabs, with salad and rice. Everything was delicious, and we would definitely use them again.
5	Ate here for lunch...the location is ok but the food is very good.  The owner was extremely nice and friendly.  Everything was good...the lunch special for $6.99 is perfect: salad, rice, 3 different kinds of meat and bread.  The 4 of us each had soup (the lentil and the potato w/chicken) then shared the special, Gyros sandwich and the beef sandwich.  It was weird at first to order a Chicago beef sandwich from a Greek place, but it was excellent.  The owner is  from Chicago and it was exactly done the way my husband likes it (we are also from Chicago so we know a good beef sandwich).  A jem of a place!
2	Came here because the reviews looked great! I was very disappointed! Lets just say $50 not well spent. The only thing I enjoyed was the lentil soup that was on the house.
5	Very good.   Food was good ... service by owner himself.    He even brought us his Lentl soup to try on the house.   Will be back!
4	Excellent food, excellent staff, owner very welcoming, and offers free soups! We had the Gyro plate and the 2 meat platter, chicken and steak.
5	I loved it! The food is authentic. The owner, Ninos, a Chicago native himself spoiled me! Everything was good. The soups, the Kabobs and the shwarma, everything. It feels like home. Thanks Ninos!
5	Best darn Mediterranean food I've had in a long time. My favorite is the Chicken Kabob's and also a Fatoosh salad . I mix the salad with the rice and chicken and the combination is so amazing . I make a similar salad at home , it's so addicting that I highly recommend trying the two together. My husband loves the lettuce wraps , I don't know why but it reminds me of tacos, I like this too , but I feel incomplete if I don't order my usual.
5	This place has delicious food.  The lentil soup is the best I have had.  And combo #7 with chicken...lamb..bazmati rice was superb.
5	This is by far one the of best local eateries I have been to. The service and food are always top notch and the place is always clean.
4	I've been back 3 times so now I think I should write my review of what used to be the best kept at work....we discovered this place a week ago, yes, I've been back 3 times.  Soooooo, I had a lunch date, I've totally dodged this guy for almost 2 weeks and I figured if the date is going to be krappy I'm not sacrificing good food..well no sooner did I sit down when a couple of my coworkers walk in, wtf?? I was trying to hide but I guess since we've bragged this place up they decided to try it out. The date was a dud, as in mr Rogers kind of way, but I still had an amazing lunch with ESPN...over my date's shoulder ;).  I had the hummus, and I added a skewer of chicken and got a side of the Greek garlic yogurt. I think for the money, the lunch special is the way to go, I love the hummus and I love the chicken, however, with a drink my lunch was steep at 14.50. They should make a lunch portion of the hummus with chicken because an order of hummus alone is still way too much for one person. That's the only reason I chose 4 stars, otherwise it gets 5 stars and fireworks!!!  Btw, on my way out the door with mr Rogers , my manager walked in with another co-worker. Word of mouth isn't the best way to advertise, said no one ever!!
4	I don't think I iterated how wonderful the food is. The chicken is THE moistest chicken ever, i dunno what they do to their chicken but it can be cut with a fork and melts in your mouth.I don't eat rice but I will indulge in the most scrumptious rice around. This hidden gem is definitely the best Greek around.I've also had the lettuce wraps, 4 in an order, doesn't sound like enough, right?I only ate 2 and had to take the other 2 to go. They are freakin' awesome! Fresh tomatoes, chicken, and a couple of different sauces make these sooo wonderful!Did I say how yummy this place was!!?Go! now!
5	Wow. Stopped by for a quick lunch and was blown away by the tastes. Nice clean facility... except bathroom. Food is outstanding. Got the lunch special. Chicken very tender...excellent. Salad dressing very good. They provide lentil or potato chicken soup free if eating in... had the lentil ..flavor is outstanding. Gyro is great and so is the ground beef kabob. I will be back.
4	Tasty, delicious greek and Mediterranean food. I'm a huge fan of the gyros. The chicken is excellent as well. Free soup while you wait is a nice compliment. Staff is friendly and polite as well, and the place is rather clean considering the location.
5	Honestly I can't think of one complaint. No matter what time of day, the owner is always there with a smile on his face. The food is top  notch, chicago delicious.I love the plates- chicken, kafta, gyros, or beef (ribeye). The rice is always fresh and cooked to perfection with just the right flavor.The soups(lentil and potato) always hit the spot. Again, very flavorful, delicious and healthy!I used to live down the street, and I'd sadly forget about this place. Now that Moved a few miles away, I keep coming back (twice this week already!)If you're in the area, be sure to stop by!Lunch specials too!I love Good Fellas Grill!!
5	The food is addictive! Sooo good. My wife and I frequent this place often. She actually craves it. Every menu item is spot on authentic. Fresh ingredients and prepared wonderfully. I can't think of a single complaint. Everything is always clean and inviting. Great food for great prices makes this a "must" for anyone seeking a fantastic meal. Would've given 6 stars if I could. Great job, Ninos!
5	I read all the good reviews for this place so I thought I would give it a try.My friend lives close, so I said I will meet you there.To see it, you would never think ,oh this place will be great.It is in a strange shopping center. Right next to Chino Bandito,or something like that. Though I must try that place one day as well.When you walk in it smells divine!My friend was already there and had ordered an Ice Tea.She ended up getting the Chicken lettuce wraps, and I the Gryo dish,which is on a bed of fantastic rice.We each got the chicken Potato soup. Oh my gosh, everything was fantastic! Plus we even got pita bread and they were nice enough to give me hot tea,even though it is not on the menu.I even got 2 Baklava's to go. Which we had for dessert that night.So glad I read the reviews or I never would of known about this place.It is very clean as well, with nice clean rest rooms and lots of parking.
5	A rare five-star rating for the combination of price and quality of food.  Our party of 25 was promptly seated and cups distributed so we could get our drinks right away.  If that wasn't enough, she started us off with their amazing soups!  The orders were all accurate and everyone was happy.  We had a great meal and people were extremely hospitable.  Thank you again!
5	22 miles from my house and worth the trip!  lentil soup, gyros, kabobs, hummus, etc.  Everything is just terrific!  Owner is the nicest guy you'll ever meet.  So are his wife & teenage kids.
5	This is a little gem. First visit, Ninos helped up with ordering and also offered some of their delicious soup (lentil and potato/chicken)...both were amazing as was their hummus!!! This is the best hummus around. The rest of the menu is fabulous. The service is always stellar and the place is spotlessly clean. You could not find a better Greek establishment anywhere in Phx. While the shopping center is a bit rundown looking, Good Fella's is a shining star.
5	Great whipped garlic dip with bread. Rice has a different, good flavor. Tasty marinated chicken.
2	I don't get all of the great reviews.  Yes, the owner is constantly there, that's nice, but its the food that counts.  I did not try any of the soups, which I hear are very good, but if I had to sum up the dish I did get it would be PLAIN.  I got the steak kababs with rice and tomato.  The steak is seasoned with salt and pepper.  That's it.  The rice has "vegetable oil" and some "vegetable seasoning".  That's it.  No Ghee, no saffron.  The tomato wasn't even grilled, just sliced.  The portion of rice was good, but there were only about 5 small pieces of steak.  All this for 9.99.  I think it was the most expensive item on the menu, and certainly not impressive.
5	Better than the ratings suggest. What a great experience, the owner was incredible, the soup, Excellent, the portions, Huge, the tastes, Fantastic!The restraunt was amazingly clean and the people were unbelievably friendly.
5	Excellent world-class food service in a unassuming location; if you want a meal Worth the drive and the money,this is where your car will take you. Very,Very nice staff and the food is Delicious-WOW.
4	I was excited when I saw Good Fellas Grill catering our staff meeting lunch last Friday. We had few trays of seasoned ground beef, marinated chicken, vegetarian dishes, and salad. Food was outstanding as always, so well prepared and delicious. I usually get the gyros and the meat platters when I dined in.  Their ground beef packed with enormous flavor. They sure loaded up on the rice in each tray.  We had plenty of leftovers to take home.  No cooking for a day or two = happy face! ;)
4	Great service and friendly folks. The falafel sandwich with extra tahini sauce was fresh and tasty!  Great place and free soup while you wait.
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE Good Fella's Grill!!!  We eat there at LEAST once a week if not more.  The owners are great and they promised to NEVER lower the quality of food!
3	This place is ok but not the best. Purchased a gyro platter and again...it was ok. Wasn't to thrilled that the sauce was already spread all over the gyro and rice. I prefer to have the sauce on the side. I felt like the rice was prepared early in the day and not freshly made. The gyro itself was ok but not a lot of flavor. Good customer service and very friendly! I guess I'll give it another shot and order something else on the menu.
4	Stopped in on a rainy night on one of our semi-annual trips to Phoenix for NASCAR, when we try to visit a new restaurant each time.  This was close enough to our hotel and right next door to one of our perennial favorites, Chino Bandido.  This family-owned, family-staffed restaurant offers Middle Eastern/Greek/Mediterranean type fare - gyros, baba gannouj, etc.  The BF had the gyro plate, which is the go-to Mid. East. meal for his limited palate.  He enjoyed it very much - thinly sliced meat served with relatively plain rice.  What I liked most about it was the sauce:  not the typical over-tart tzatziki, but a more mellow version containing dill.  I had the tabbouleh salad, which I think may be the best version I have eaten - not overly puckery with lemon, with lots of chopped tomato and onion.  I also had the mushroom-and-potato boorak....and it was SO GOOD!  Four pieces of the pastry, with a crisp brown bread crust, came atop a small salad of romaine and tomato - I could eat that dish all the time.  I'm sure we'll be adding this place to our "regulars" list!  (BTW - one point subtracted for having a leaky ceiling with no bucket or sign or any other warning - I stood underneath the spot accidentally and received a brief christening.)
5	Wow! Didn't expect that. Place looked empty for a Saturday night. But walked in & the young lady behind the counter was as sweet as can be. They even gave up soup for starters on the house. We ordered lettuce wrsps and they were good. Next time i may order them as a light meal alternative. Had the 2 meat combo plate beef & chicken, moist, well seasoned. Rice was perfect. Hubby ordered the gyro sandwich with fries & his meat was cooked perfectly too. Food was fresh and warm. Can't wait to go back.
5	The chicken is always amazing, wish I knew how they did it. The manager always offers free soup while we wait. Our order was taking longer than usual, they offered us free baklava while we waited. This owner deserves your business.
4	Yelpers did it again! The free chicken potato soup while we waited on our gyros was amazing! The gyros were great! Only 4 stars because it is the only time we've eaten there. Don't live here, but would stop again!
5	I cannot say enough about this place, it is as good or better than most Greek places I have been to costing 2x as much, the soups were outstanding as were the kafta and chicken kabobs.  The gyro plate was very good as well. The staff was friendly enough to make you feel you were in their own home.
5	First time today, fabulous food! I ordered the 3 meat combo. The seasonings are amazing and love the whipped garlic dip. Looking forward to trying more things on the menu.
5	I have been coming here since their opening day 3 years ago. We usually order take out but when we feel like an extra treat, we dine in for the full experience. Ninos (the owner) is always in such a great mood, friendly and welcoming - you can tell he takes pride in his food and customer service.My husband always orders the gyro pita with fries, but tonight he ordered it will the Greek salad. Delicious as usual. We had some hummus and pita, and it such a large amount for the price - I have plenty leftover for lunch tomorrow.I ordered the 2 meat combo (served with rice, tomatoes and onions), and while the chicken was tender and flavorful as usual, the Kafta (seasoned ground beef) really  knocked it out of the park. So tender, and seasoned wonderfully. I will definitely get that again. The rice is consistently cooked well - fluffy and light, and so flavorful.The best part of the dining in experience, is that Ninos usually let's us sample his daily soups. Tonight, there were 2 soups - Lentil soup, and Potato soup.  They each had such unique flavor, absolutely delicious.  The potato soup had a nice kick to it on the back end. I love supporting local businesses, and this is one of my favorites. So happy to have Good Fellas Grill in my neighborhood. Do yourself a favor and experience this awesome food. Super family-friendly, great value, and fresh, flavorful food. We love it!
5	Fantastic Food.  I had the gyro plate which had some great flavor.  The rice was awesome as well.  My girlfriend had the steak and chicken meat plate which she loved.  Highly recommend this place.
5	With all the hype and great things said about this place, why wouldn't I try a little Good Fellas Grill.  In addition, I was looking for something a little on the healthy side, and this somewhat meets that criteria.OH MY GOSH!  Isn't that hummus and baba ganoush amazing?  The owner split our plate in half so we could enjoy this excellent dip.  It packed flavor, freshness, and a delicious spread on top of my pita.  The wifey and I were not able to finish it, and I would have to be so bold to say that it even tasted better the following day.  No way?  Oh yes way, my friend!There is a ton of hype on the lentil soup, but I would have to say the potato soup had more flavor and was definitely more hearty than the lentil.  Therefore, I would highly recommend trying the potato as well.The wifey had salad wraps while I had the 2 meat combo.  Since my wife did not share the wraps, I am sure they were delicious, as she kept them to herself.  The 2 meat combo is like the combo punch and kick you would see watching old school batman with the words saying, "bam, pow, or crunch!"  Meaning, the meat, the chicken, with the rice, onions, and tomato make for a treat for excitement.It definitely lives up to its hype and adds on to another great Greek Restaurant in Phoenix!  We will see you again!
5	Found this place on Yelp and decided to try do to great reviews....they did not disappoint. Nino was very friendly and was helpful with his recommendations. My husband and I tried both their potato and lentil soup, both were great. We also had a 2 meat plate and a gyro with fries, which were Delicious. Amazing authentic Greek food at awesome prices.
4	Nicest guy ever, owner operator, helper for Mediterranean novices.  My wife and I shared a Gyro, pretty standard, comfortable fare for noobs, and it was right up there, but the three meat platter was bomb.  Lamb, Chicken and Beef, SOOO well seasoned, rice included that was fantastic.  We also ordered the hummus plate, which was huge, 4 adults sharing it for an app and there was leftovers.  My Bro ordered the stuffed pastry appetizers (traditional Mediterranean, but the name escapes me at the moment), it was delicious, too.  On a whim we got the potato soup and the lentil soup (FEASTED) and it was phenomenal, especially the lentil curry. My bro's 11 month old grubbed on it, too.  I didn't have the baklava myself, but reviews from in-laws raved.  Everything is made in-house and they do it right.  It's way off the beaten path from just about any tourist destination in Phoenix, but totally worth the drive.  It's in a strip mall, which I have come to appreciate as places were people with good food, but not a lot of money hide some very tasty restaurants.
5	Me and wife came her all the time we love the food and all family eat it too and love it
5	I have it to give it to these guys: their food is in a word, phenomenal. I was initially skeptical of all the positive reviews because of the strip mall ambience and the fact that it's a 20 minute drive for me, but once I made that drive I've been going back regularly. I get the three meat gyro plate, and every single component (chicken, kaftan, ribeye, rice, freshly sliced onions and tomatoes) is just perfect. The meat is tender, the rice is pillowy soft, and the onions and tomatoes are always very fresh. This is not just the best mediterranean food in the valley, but also beats anything I have had in new york city.
5	Just happened to be driving by this place, so I looked it up on Yelp on my mobile and decided that It sounded good.  Don't let the outside appearance be your first impression, as once you are inside, it is surprisingly well adorned and inviting.  It's casual dine in, so you order and pay at the counter and they bring you your food, self serve utensils and drink service.  But the fun begins when they bring you the food, they asked me if I wanted complimentary soup, and this time, I turned them down, and I am glad I did.  I had the daily Lunch special, which is a "Lunch" version of their 3 Meat combo, Kafta, Chicken, and Gyro, served on a bed of rice, with a generous salad on a plate filled to the edges.  It was totally filling, and I'm not a little man, this is why I'm glad I didn't go with the soup.  Every bit of the meal was outstanding... Flavorful, just enough spice so that you could taste the meal and not just the spice, the meat was perfectly done and tender.  The rice was excellent and even the dressing on the salad was great.  Not just your garden variety, chopped lettuce with a few pieces of tomatoe either, it had most of the entire garden in it.... It also came with a Pita with dipping sauce, which made the whole meal extremely reasonable and filling.  I was out the door at $8.50 with a drink...  Will definatley be back again and again, maybe I'll try the complimentary soup next time
1	Had takeout Hindy Kabob and gyro platter and when I got home was extremely disappointed in the Gyro meat portions in the platter. GF used to load you up but apparently no longer.I'm not looking for a ton of gyro meat but jeez; 5 strips of thin sliced meat?This has usually been my fav spot in the valley; but have been pleased with George's Gyro/Pasta on 29rh ave S of Rose garden.Think I will stick with Georges now so as not to go hungry!
4	This restaurant is nothing to look at but the food was tasty, the prices were reasonable and the service was pleasant.
4	Went back and ordered same thing and order was fine. Portions good and reflected price as appropriate. I hope the kitchen crew didn't get an ass-chew due to my review, but the output was week, reference my earlier reviewOwner was gracious in his reply to me and offered me free dinner; but i don't take freebies like 47% of the country, so while gesture was nice, I work and prefer to pay for things i order. Sorry, Republican here = no handouts.Most likely won't come back as there are other options N and NW side, but I do appreciate the owner's positive response.
5	I really can't say enough about how good this place is. Unfortunately they don't pay me for reviews in money or free food. I really just want to let everyone know how good it is so they can continue to produce great food at reasonable prices. I can honestly say that I have never had anything bad here or just "meh". Ninos (the owner) has done a great job making sure the food that he puts out is the same day after day. I love this place!   If you're sick, his soups are great for that too!
5	Wow, very good!!! I had the lettuce wraps (low carb), my wife had the gyro and my daughter had spanakopita.  We also has some hummus.  Everything tasted great! The service was excellent! Highly recommend eating here.
5	I put in an order online, walked in around 8:15pm, the crew was mopping, the seats were on the tables, and noticed on the sign they closed at 8. I explained that I had put in an order online and didn't realize they closed at 8 and would just take a refund.  I was impressed with the customer service as I know most places would've have just given me refund, instead the owner told me they would fire up the kitchen and get me the food I ordered and even gave me soup while I waited! I had the gyro plate which was delicious and was a large portion, my girlfriend had the steak wrap and fries which she said was amazing!
5	Well I was headed to get some grub in Phoenix when BAM!!!... Two idiot drivers came together to form a Toyorolet sculpture right in front of me as I came to a stop at a light.This little work of art caused a traffic deadlock but low and behold there was a gyro serving restaurant in a strip mall right next to my only line of escape. LUCKY ME!This place was great and the family of proprietors are amazing.I ordered a Gyro Plate with the whole nine. They offered me some complimentary soup while I waited and I chose lentil. Amazing soup. I can't quite remember what prompted me but something I noticed about the place made me wonder if these folks where fellow Chicagoans and sure enough... The cook/son was a Bears fan... My food was ready but I stuck around for a few more minutes to chat and will definitely stop by Good Fellas for a Gyro whenever I am in town. Also a few other things I was told to try!
5	I reviewed this place over a year ago and it still is a local favorite for my family.  Yummy and fresh food, delicious flavors, friendly service..so nice  to be able to patronize a neighborhood family-owned business that provides high quality food.  It's in a wierd little strip mall, but definitely worth a visit.
5	I was recommended to eat at this place by a friend who is local; during my visit in the Phoenix area . I have visited other Mediterranean restaurants in the past and I must say that Good Fellas Grill has been the best of them all! What I recommend: Soup, Hummos, Baba Ghanoush, 3 Meat Combo, Salad, Grilled Chicken Chopped Salad ( off menu item). if you desire great food and very friendly service then this is your place!
4	I was up on this side of the valley, so I thought I would find some food. This place came up as the highest rated restaurant that was open with 5 miles, so I thought why not? Located in a strip mall, it wasn't much to see from the outside. Once you went in, it looked like your run of the mill restaurant. Clean, but nothing really interesting to see. I came in a little before lunch, so it took them a minute to come out from the back. I had a minute to browse their menu. Pretty normal Mediterranean selection. Started off with the soup. I had the choice of lentil or chicken and potato, and I made the mistake of going with the latter. Chicken was tasty, and not fatty, but the broth was just a simple chicken broth. 3/5As for the entree, I got the 7, 2 meat combo. Portion size was good. Onions on one side and tomatoes on the other. Lots of rice which filled me right up.  As for the meat, the chicken was juicy and delicious. The ground beef had just enough spice and was also quite tasty. Overall, if you live or work around here I would recommend coming here. Not worth the travel outside the area though.
5	You cannot go wrong here. Everything I've tried is absolutely delicious! The owner is hands-on, gracious and sincere. It's simple, casual and spotlessly clean (restrooms too). But come here for the food - it's wonderful. We became regulars after our first visit, and I'm always looking forward to the next time!
5	This place was spectacular. the lunch special came with soup and a drink. I was in love with the gyro. You can have it on a plate or in a pita. I love trying new food and this place did not disappoint. The guy working the register gave us the remote control and we sat there for a good 45 mins watching sports and local news. I just loved this whole experience.
5	The best kabobs in Phoenix oh and also the potato soup is to die for make sure you try it . I come her 3 times a Month and every time it only tastes better .
5	We ate dinner at Good Fellas tonight for the first time, following fellow Yelper's advice.  It was really really good!  I had the chicken sandwich dish and boyfriend had the gyro plate.  We had the hummus appetizer and the waitress gave us two free soups while we waited:  one lentil and one chicken/potato.  Everything was very flavorful.  I was wishing I had more stomach space.  Yes, it's in a strip mall in a sketchy area, but the food is worth it.  The TV was on so it felt like sitting at home.  It was a lot of food at very reasonable prices.  Many customers came in for togo orders.  I will definitely go back.
5	i love this food. the gyro is awesome and the rice is absolutely delicious.  if you are waiting for an order you get some complimentary soup, which my husband just loves.  i will be eating there again.  great food.
5	The stars don't lie! We came here for the first time today and let me start off by saying the food was very delicious. We had the chicken lettuce wraps, two meat combo, gyro sandwich and a piece of their baklava yumm! In addition to their delicious food their staff is very friendly. Nino's (I hope I'm not misspelling his name :/ lol) hospitality was amazing he checked up on us to make sure everything was good and at the end of our meal he came up and introduced himself. We will definitely be coming back!
5	If you've been to (or heard of) Chino Bandido in north Phoenix, you know it's essentially a valley institution.  Whether you come to their 19th Ave and Greenway location for lunch or dinner, you can expect a parking lot packed with Chino patrons and a long line of customers in their restaurant to match.  And yet literally right next door to Chino is a restaurant that might be even more praiseworthy even though word is only starting to get around about it.  As I write this, Good Fellas Grill is currently ranked as the 9th highest rated restaurant in the entire Phoenix metropolitan area.  Higher than Chino Bandido, higher than Postino, higher than all but 8 restaurants.  96% of reviewers to this point have given this place 4 star ratings or better (72% of which have given them 5 stars).  That's my cue to come here during lunch on a Friday.As expected, the parking lot was packed when I arrived.  I expected at least some of the traffic to be flowing into this place instead of Chino, but nope.  Almost completely dead with just four other customers there.  It's a pretty simple setup with seating for probably 40-50, some TVs showing sports channels and some Mediterranean artwork on the wall.  Here you just walk up to the counter, order, and seat yourself.  Always the one to go full throttle at a new restaurant, I ordered their biggest dish:  The 3 meat combo.  A huge plate of rice with skewers of chicken, ribeye, and rolled ground beef.  Comes with tomatoes and onions on the side and you get pita bread and tzatziki sauce to boot.  To my pleasant surprise, they offered me a free bowl of chicken potato soup with my order (you can also choose lentil).  Total cost for the food and a fountain drink came out to $17.  Most of their menu items here are $10 or less and they have lunch specials on sandwiches and salads for about $5.Food came out to me in less than 10 minutes.  First off, the soup.  Came out hot, but not spicy.  It had some decent chunks of chicken and potato and some various seasonings that I could pick up on.  Very refreshing soup.  Not a thick soup like chicken and dumplings, but hearty with a tasty broth.  Next, the main event.  A plate full of meat.  Like the soup, the meats weren't really spicy, but had some great seasonings and I'm pretty sure all the meats (as well as the rice) had a nice dousing of olive oil.  The pita bread was very fresh and the tzatziki was a cool, clean, refreshing compliment to the meats.  I actually wish they had given me more of that sauce.  My favorite meat in the bunch was unquestionably the chicken.  Nicely cooked with just a light char and great seasonings.  The ground beef log was a little odd looking as it wasn't quite a sausage but not quite a burger.  Still a very tasty dish and both it and ribeye went great with the tzatziki.When all was said and done I was in and out in 30 minutes and left stuffed and happy.  One tip for Yelpers is that they actually have a pretty expansive vegetarian menu (far moreso than their website advertises).  When you walk up to the counter look up and to your right and you'll see the long list of vegetarian menu items they have near the ceiling.  The guy who took my order spoke just enough English to take my order, but just bear in mind that there might be a little bit of a language barrier.  The staff there was very friendly and professional so it didn't hinder the experience at all.  And trust me when I say this place is nothing like Pita Jungle.  Some of the same foods are served here, but from my experience the quality (and the price) is even better at Good Fellas.So bravo Yelpers, you win again.  I have yet another lunch spot near work I can call my own.  Next time you're there, just be sure and get a double order of that tasty tzatziki.
5	My friend and I come here often and it has been consistently delicious! The staff is extremely friendly and the portion sizes are perfect. Food comes out quickly, and is always fresh. We usually get our orders to-go, but recently found out that if you dine in you get a complimentary soup. Fantastic!
5	My wife & I decided to come here on a spur of the moment; whipping out Yelp, we saw the high ratings and headed over for dinner.  The guy taking out order was exceptionally kind & energetic and explained in fine detail the unique elements of each dish.  I got a kafta & chicken plate while my wife got the gyro plate.  And then we were surprised when he said he would give us a couple bowls of soup (potato/chicken/curry, and a lentil soup) for free!  (This was before he even knew we came in off the yelp review).  Turns out this kind guy taking our order was also the owner and his name is Ninos.   What amazing service!!!And the food??  Absolutely delicious!!  Highly recommend!!!
5	Still just add great as the first time I came in!  Even if you don't want Mediterranean food, they have great chicken wraps, Italian beef subs, and phenomenal burgers! Charcoal grilled burgers!
5	I came here because of the other yelp reviews.  The place was clean, very courteous staff, and now the food; so darn goods. I had the lunch special, which mind you is $5.99 +tax. It came with a soup starter, pita, and a plate full of rice, salad and three samplings of meat: gyro, chicken, kofta (I think that's what they are all called).  This was just unbelievably good. Great smell, taste, spice. The rice is magical, the portions were ample. If I were going to be in Phoenix longer id go again. I overheard some other patrons say 'so what'd you get yesterday again?' The people here know what's up. Ps, clean bathrooms and a soda fountain machine too.
4	Stopped by for lunch and picked up the three meat lunch special with rice, salad and complimentary soup. The meats were really good, juicy with plenty of flavor. I especially liked the kabob chicken. The rice and pea soup were good but nothing special. That salad was extraordinary! They have a small selection of bottled drinks or you can get soda off a soda machine they have. Went to the restroom and it seamed like the faucet was gonna fall off and the staff was ok. Besides that pretty good place. Would definitely come back.
5	So I live in Scottsdale but I was out in these here parts for work and it happened to be lunch time, so checking my hand dany yelp revealed to me this little hidden gem. I am middle eastern and was raised by a mother who cooked three delicious, lavish meals every single day for us kids so I am very very picky when it comes to middle eastern cuisine, and I am happy to announce this place blew me away. I went with the 2 meat combo (#7) and oh man. The Lentil soup was delicious and insanely flavorful. The kebab meat? perfectly seasoned and tender, most places over tenderize which leads to stringy meat and chemical taste, but not here. The chicken kebab? My entire life, the thousands and thousands of chicken kebab I have enjoyed, this place was the second best (sorry guys, my pops still makes it the best, but I am biased) Excellently grilled and seasoned. The rice was delicious and reminiscent of persian rice with a raw egg stirred in. I wish I lived closer, but I will definitely be back. I can see why this place is ranked top 10 of all restaurants in the valley. Thanks guys!
4	Lunch special....gyros, kafta, marinated chicken, small salad and lentil soup for 5.99.  Everything was fresh made to order and very good.  You cannot beat that price.  the other gyro place in the old circle k parking lot on union hills is not as good and more expensive.
5	If you haven't been here you need to do yourself a justice and eat here. The chicken is perfectly marinated and cooked to excellence, literally melts in your mouth. The beef is tender juicy and coked to perfection. Hummus and pita is excellent. I have been searching for a place like this for a while. Not to mention nenose(not sure that's how you spell it) is the nicest guy you will ever meet. Treats his customers like friends and is a genuinely happy great guy. I highly recommend this place
1	The 10 am open time is a lie. It's also listed on the door sign as open at 10 am. Will not eat a a place too lazy to update the hours and I'm not waiting an hour for any food. Funny thing is seeing several people inside sitting around waiting for 11 am. It's 1015.
5	It's my first time writing review on yelp, I feel like this place deserves 5 star!Great owner,  clean, and best of all awesome food!I'll definitely be back!Thank you, keep up the good work!
5	You must try Good Fellas! Best Mediterranean food! Try the lunch special so you can try 3 different meats. The chicken kabob is my fave. Free amazing soup if you eat there. Yum
5	Wraps were terrific, as was the two meat plate and the soups were outstanding! AND the service was friendly, not obnoxiously so, just genuinely friendly.
5	This place is a hidden gem.  A friend and I made our first vist last week and were delighted. Food is fabulous, prices are reasonable and Nino, the owner, made us feel right at home. The place nothing fancy but very clean.  We tried the lunch special, which consisted of three meats, (chicken, gyros & Kafta), rice, and a salad. At $5.99 it was a bargin plus Nino gave us complimentary bowls of soup because we were first time customers.   Everything was delicious.  It was so good that my friend got another order to take home for dinner.  We also enjoyed a piece of baklava;for desert. It was very high quality - we could taste the butter.  Just thinking abour it is making my mouth water!
5	Now don't expect a lot of ambiance, but clean is my perfection and this place is IT!  Plus the food is wonderful...it is family owned and run, the recipes are family through and through.  If you like Syrian/Mediterranean dishes, this place is for you.  Everyone on staff are there to please you in every way.  Food is freshly prepared to order.  It is served to you quickly if you dine in and soup comes complimentarily with your entree (I recommend the lentil.mmmmmmm).  Even the American style burgers and fries are great.  Sometimes this is a craving that becomes a fix I need to eat!
5	Love this place. Great quality food, great service and great value. Been going there since it opened and it's always been consistent. Gotta check it out if you haven't.
5	This place is great. We had the chicken and potato soup (on the house because ninos the owner is one of the nicest guys around), babaganouj, and three meat combo plate. Everything we had was tasty, homemade and fresh. The meats were seasoned well, the rice was great, the pita was hot and we were very very pleased with our dinner. Thanks Ninos!!
4	The soups were very good. The meat platter was wonderful. The salad dressing was amazing. We are so going back! Just wish they had a waiter/waitress.
5	Delicious potato soup and tender chicken! We loved everything. Our new fave Mediterranean place.
5	Pretty clean & friendly place! Large portions & ordered to your choice. Enjoyed this place !!! Much much better that fast food. This place in between fast food and restaurant . Definitely I would recommend.
4	This is a place for really good Middle Eastern cuisine. Not fancy, but well cooked with good spicing and ample serving size. These folks from Syria are friendly and the service is efficient. The menu offers a good range, and the wary child can get a burger and fries. The ambiance is pleasant but informal; don't expect too much by way of decor.
4	Friendly people run this place. The food is good if a little americanized.. would have liked more flavour. .I had the chicken kabob sandwich and chicken potato curry soup.. It was all under $10.00 even with a soda..I'll be back. .
5	You cannot beat the everyday lunch special for $5.99Not just a weekday special either! 3 meats, rice, salad, pita bread with garlic sauce and a bowl of lentil or potato soup. Food is excellent.  Restaurant is clean and service is good.
