3	I was forced to come here by a friend who was craving the food....yes...that's right....forced....The usual chain restaurants aren't my cup of tea to eat at but I guess that's what friends are for.The food here....ehh....I have definitely had better!!The Kung Pao Shrimp left something to be desired and the usual chicken lettuce wraps which they are famed for left a little funny taste in my mouth. Not to mention the lettuce was very dry and the chicken wasn't flavorful!! Icky!! Definitely won't be first on my list of places to go when I am in the mood for Chinese. Oh, well....at least they had a great drink list to satisfy my palate!
4	This place is far better than most of the neighborhood places around your house. The menu is priced just right and you get alot of food for a small price!!!  The BBQ ribs and crab puffs ---(are to die for) and last but not least..the cucumbers for appetizers were just the ticket!!!  For dinner, you have to go with the beef & broccoli. Another good choice is the honey chicken.----(my personal favorite) Other good plates are moo goo gai pan and lo mein which I have had at one or more times. If you like oriental food I suggest this place.
2	This place has a great look.  You feel like you are entering a very nice restaurant, but that is where the illusion ends.  I will admit that the food was good, generic, but good.The hostesses seemed put out that we had come in and placed us at the worst possible table, right at the entrance, although there were plenty of empty tables.  It took almost 20 minutes for our waiter to show up and take our orders, and another 10 minutes to get us some water.  I had the Schezuan Beef, which was good and spicy, but I only had a single drink to last me the whole dinner since after our food came out he was MIA.Even after our food was clearly done with plates stacked it took an additional 15 minutes for him to give us our bill.  I felt like there was no respect for my time and little care for what experience I had.There are other places to waste your money.
4	SInce my girlfriend is a huge fan of Chinese food, I have found myself eating at this place on more than a few occasions. PF Chang's is essentially a large chain of Chinese dine-in restaurants, but they try to set themselves apart from the competition with their somewhat upscale decor and diverse food choices. For the most part, they succeed. I believe they have 4 restaurants in the Vegas Valley, give or take, so there should be one not too terribly far from you regardless of where you are. If you're a fan of Chinese food but sick of the same old stuff everywhere you go, PF Chang's may be the breath of fresh air you need. From traditional choices right down to some unusual stuff you never would have dreamt possible, they cover all the bases. I don't think I have honestly ever came in here and not liked my food. Soup, appetizers, entrees, they have choices galore and i have never had a bad one.The atmosphere is a little more luxurious than you are likely used to in a Chinese restaurant, but it still tends to get a bit loud during peak hours. Every time I have come in here, the staff have always been friendly and good about making recommendations. If I have one complaint, it is that the prices are a little higher than other Chinese dining options. However, it is definitely somewhat justified for the level of diversity you get here, compared to other dining experiences in the area.In the end I have to strongly recommend PF Chang's, even if it does get a little hectic during peak hours and you have to pay a little more for quality food.
3	This is not real Chinese food. California Pizza Kitchen goes to China.
2	I'm a huge fan of Chinese food, but you are seriously paying for the decor and cougars that grace this place (lord knows I love cougars)! The food is sub-par at best and could easily be replicated at Panda Express for less. I still contend that some of the best Chinese food is located in the hoods of Las Vegas...just dont go there too late at night! LOL!
2	I have friends that love, love, love P.F. Chang's... I've tried it three times, and have never been impressed... While they have vegetarian items on the menu, I think they just don't pay a whole lot of attention to the taste in their meals.  I've had a couple of versions of tofu and vegetables, and while you can't go too wrong with fried tofu, the sauces were just flavorless... With vegetarian meals, spices and flavor is essential... Few folks want to pay $14 for a pile of steamed veggies in a barely flavored goo... On the flip side, my friends love their Orange Chicken, and cream cheese wontons (which I agree are awesome, but fried dough and cream cheese is always awesome).  I've never had anything here that made me say "I can't wait to come back and have this again", so I say "meh".
4	Ok, yes everyone knows that this is not authentic Chinese Food- kind of along the same lines as Cheesecake Factory- a known chain restaurant- nicely decorated, with good eats (reliable for lettuce chicken wraps, mongolian beef, and lunch bowls, anyway). The only other exception is that there is a Happy Hour menu everyday. We came here to celebrate Christmas Eve dinner with my father-in-law and his wife (my husband's step-mom). We had a reservation for 6 pm- although there were two parties ahead of us. The lobby was packed. We ended up getting a beeper and sitting at the bar- no smirnoff ice, no mango martini- those were my first choices, but I ended up getting a glass of merlot. We requested a booth (there was one available BTW) on our reservation but got a table (Richie was the server)- we let him know and the manager was sent right over. She told us that unfortunately they can't hold the booths, and apologized, but as soon as the party (two senior ladies) behind us would leave the booth, we could have that one (we waited a half hour before getting the booth finally but had ordered in the mean time). Mid-appetizer (lettuce chicken wraps- could've used more lettuce leaves- and watch the water dripping off (a warning) & steamed pork dumplings- delicious), the party left- so we moved, and since we used the other server (the booth was his station), we were happy to finally get the booth. Kudos to the two servers (my husband tipped the initial server because he was sacrificing his table) and the manager for getting us the booth. We ordered chicken fried rice, chicken in black bean sauce (I didn't get any beans in my portion- maybe dropped to the bottom of the serving plate), mongolian beef, and changs spicy chicken- family style. I wanted a dish with some vegetables but majority rule was against me- but my husband said it was not at all intentional (not counting the rice). I should mention that two small bowls of rice (one white, one brown) were also part of the entrees. The mongolian beef (very tasty), although not as spicy like in traditional chinese cooking (but I added some chili sauce on my plate)- everyone agreed on the beef. I liked the chicken in the black bean sauce better than the other chicken dish though. The portions on the entrees were small. The fried rice was huge in comparison. The servers were all very good- taking plates away as soon as he noticed that we were done, and filling up the water glasses. He wrapped up the leftovers, presented us with fortune cookies, and left the check. We didn't want to linger (my father-in-law loves to talk afterward) as the restaurant was very busy. Our reason for coming here was to celebrate with dinner and walk across to the District to walk around (but the stores were all closed except the sports store and the restaurants).
4	I have been here several times and love the food! I happily eat the ma po tofu every time:) We went for dinner and tried the crispy green beans...they were crunchy and came with a yummy dipping sauce...must try!My friend had sichuan chicken flat bread which was also good..and the schendu(?) lamb which was good. From the description on the menu, the lamb sounded indian as it had been marinated and then cooked in cumin. Indian tasting chinese food doesn't sound appealing..but he assured me it was yum.We also tried a desert cup which is a perfectly sized desert in a shot glass...both the choclate cake with rasberry sauce and the rasberry cheesecake were good..The waiter was attentive even though the place was packed and dinner was yummy!
2	My brother insisted that P.F.Chang's has some goof stuffs so we decided to head over for Friday lunch. I've been to P.F.Chang's for the first time about 6 years ago so I did not remember anything about this place...We walked in, and I have no Idea why, but we had to wait for 10 minutes or so. It was 12pm and they had a bit of lunch rush going, but still, 10 minutes? But that's wasn't a big deal. I liked the ambiance of this place though.Now, our server wasn't too bad. He had good attitude and he was trying his best to do the whole "suggestive selling" thing... BUT I couldn't help but to see other servers who obviously weren't trained properly or didn't have any experience in f&b. At one point, I saw a server reaching across someone to serve, while the person quickly dodged her arm frowning unhappily... really?and the wait for our food was excruciating. I was hungry to begin with when I walked in the restaurant but it took good 40 minutes for our food to hit the table... 40 minutes during lunch when there are not that many people in the restaurant? the food wasn't even that great. I got sesame chicken lunch bowl and although I liked the fact that it had a lot of vegetables, it was too salty. In fact, everything we ordered was a little bit too salty, from soup to our entrees. Maybe it's the kitchen at this location? But I'm not going back to this one if I were to go to P.F.Chang's again. Oh yeah, and a bit overpriced too, but that might be because of the restaurant's fancy looks.
3	Basically, this is Chinese food for the non-adventurous. Very familiar flavors without the "what the hell am I eating" component that you get with most authentic Chinese places. You're going to get very safe food that caters to the cautious eater.Service was good. I got my refills as well as menu recommendations for my first time visit.Environment is also very welcoming for groups, keeping it trendy, somewhat upscale, with a mix of casual.As for the food...-Tofu lettuce wraps: Decent. Sauce was overpowering enough that I could barely even taste anything else.-Crispy Honey Chicken: This dish reminded me of something I could get at Panda Express.. with 25% more meat.-Sweet & Sour Chicken: Also another dish that tasted like food court food, but double the price.-Mandarin Chicken: A sort of chicken stir fry. Nothing impressive about this basic dish.Maybe for happy hour dim sum, this place would be an okay stop after a day of work. For dinner, it was a huge disappointment. You're pretty much paying for the atmosphere, not the food. I would probably come back if I were invited, just because it's a nice place to kick back and relax with friends. I definitely wouldn't go back on my own will though.
2	I've never been a PF Chang's fan.  I like maybe one dish: the fried calamari, which is pretty hard to screw up anywhere you go.  I went recently because of a business dinner.They get two stars instead of the normal one I'd give them because the service was friendly and attentive, and we got a private room for no extra cost.
5	Pf changs is always very consistent and great value and service
1	This place sucks! it is always crowed and very expensive, they have you by the balls, because it is located near green valley casino.
5	I have been a P.F. Chang fan since I lived in Texas many moons ago.  This one is no exception.  Complimentary valet will win me over time and time again and its location is wonderful if you want to walk across the street and walk that meal off!  Or...sit on a nice bench.  Haha.Every single time I have been to this location the service has been nothing less of stellar.  I order water a lot when I go out (I don't really do soda) and automatically get stereotyped as "poor college student that won't tip" (which, by the way, is untrue) so I get the cold shoulder service.  Not so, even in a place like this.  It's not Morton's but it's still upscale in comparison to Chili's and even Carrabbas.What to order: Chicken lettuce wraps, Kung Pao chicken (ask the server for extra spicy...if you can handle it!), P.F. Chang's fried rice with chicken (add cashews), and their diet-melting-but-to-die-for dessert spring rolls.  Yum yum yum!  Great atmosphere to de-stress, get a martini, and munch on some awesome food.
4	I've not had anything bad or poor quality at Chang's. This visit and location included. This trip I decided to munch on the lettuce wraps, pork dumplings (steamed) and some new happy hour tacos. Fortunately one order of the tacos were wrong and I got them free. I had shrimp and mahe-mahe. While they were both of good quality, both were skimpy on size and flavor. In fact, they were quite plain. I would avoid these fill you belly with something good and flavorful. The dumplings and wraps were as good as ever. We had the "great wall of . . ." chocolate cake. It's a multi-layered piece of dense chocolate cake, chocolate frosting, and chocolate chips (which I could do without). It's served with delicious raspberry sauce and berries (blue, ras, and straw). Delicious. Make sure to share.
4	Really Sang? PF Changs? EVERYONE has been there...Aha..I can challenge you on that! One of my friends has actually literally NEVER been to PF Changs so after hearing that blasphemy I carted her away to this location  for her to try the wonders of massacred Chinese food. PF Changs is not Chinese food. It's American food. I don't even think they are trying to elude that their food comes from the Fujian or Yunnan provinces. It's just food that tastes good. And for that, I like this place. It's dependable with it's dark woods, lightings, concrete-looking horses, decent service and reasonable prices. I get their Ma Po Tofu but instead of steamed broccoli that usually comes with the dish, I substitute with eggplant (yes, the same eggplant in their spicy eggplant). It's like I get 2 dishes but don't have to be a glutton and can practice portion control! Voila! Also, they don't charge me extra for this ($8.95). Their side dish options come in 2 sizes. The small sized options (about $3) easily satisfy 2 people. I enjoy the Crispy Green Beans, Spicy Asparagus and Shanghai Cucumbers. So when me and the hubs pander over here, we get the Ma Po Tofu (note eggplant sub) and 2 small sides. Cost of meal? About $15 bucks. Ummmm...for a sit-down place that's relatively nice, that's a steal! And our tummies are always happy after!There are more "interesting" places around and yes, it's not independently owned and really a blasphemy for true Asian cuisine. But it's my guilty pleasure...good food, nice surroundings, sensitive to people preferring smaller portion sizes and impeccable service. 'And I'll even admit that after getting denied entry due to the size of our group at our favorite Austin, TX restaurant, PF Changs was the site where my bachelorette mayhem began. I'm not going to be pretentious today and admit that I like this place. Lots!
5	I love this place always has great food
3	PF Changs is always a good fall back for me. They menu is pretty typical- standard chinese food fare, really no surprises. To be perfectly honest- the service has always been pretty slow, so I stand by ordering take-out. This is FAST, and the only way I go PFC. I ALWAYS order the Ma Po Tofu. I am not a vegetarian- I could never swing that way, however this is my all time favorite dish from this established chain! The tofu is silky and melts in your mouth. It's dressed with a slightly spicy sauce that sings with garlic! Served aside a mountain of broccoli- I am sure that I am doing good things for my body when I eat..... lets be honest, devour this dish! Even if you aren't a tofu fan, I encourage you to give this dish a try, it changed my mind!
4	Good customer service. All the staff is very nice. I love coming here when I'm in Henderson.
4	Great chain restaurant. Love the selection & have never tried something I didn't like.
4	Love Love Love this place :) My love took me there my first time for our anniversary and it was amazing!! I was a little stunned at how busy it was and having to wait about 45 minutes for a table and it was pretty crowded. We were sat at a tiny table for two which ordinarily fine however with the plates and sauces that they serve there was barely room to eat. The wait staff was amazing and the food was the best! We went again for my birthday this year and the experience was even better. We got a booth this time and plenty of room for everything. It can be a little pricey but if your looking for a great romantic dinner with amazing food, this is the place :)
5	Everything here is excellent.
2	First time here and all the booths were taken.  The hostess tried to seat us right next to the kitchen door.  Since we were there with family and wanted a quieter spot she then put us in the corner.  Of course the music playing, we were right under a speaker.  This made it difficult for us to converse especially when you have someone with a health condition that makes it difficult for them to talk and talk above the noise.  During the meal we asked if they could turn the volume down and the waiter said he told the manager but we couldn't hear any difference.  PF Changs is your basic starter Chinese restaurant.  Food was filling enough and the waiter was pleasant and prompt.  Not sure if I would come back.....
2	I've been to this location multiple times when visiting my folks in Henderson. Recently we made reservations for 8 at 7PM on a Saturday. The reason I'm just giving it a "Meh" is because of the wait time...although we had a reservation, it didn't matter. I notice in other restaurants there's usually a "reserved" sign on the table. Wondering if it might work for PF Chang's?The staff was nice, food was good especially the cumin lamb, but the wait time was super irritating. Noticed other parties who had reservations waited a long time. At least the small parties could sit at the bar. Would I return? Only if my parents really wanted to visit again.
3	I generally like PF Changs food, but the service at this location has been poor on too many occasions to warrant more than 3 stars.  For example yesterday I went in for lunch (party of 2) and while we were seated in the half-full restaurant right away we never, ever saw our server.  After I warmed up two seats- the first was under an air duct so I switched to the other side of our table- and both of us had picked out what we'd like for an our entrees, along with the lettuce wraps as an app, we still hadn't had a server acknowledge our existence, let alone take a drink order.  We gave him/her another two minutes, and then left.  This isn't the first time I've had really slow service here, but it is the first time I've walked out of the place.With that said, I generally get the lettuce wraps here- but ask for extra lettuce if you need it instead of cramming everything in the few they give you (other locations I've been to have their servers do this automatically- after all lettuce is cheap!), and they have a pretty large gluten free section for anyone in your party with wheat allergies.
4	Love the crispy green beans and dynamite shrimp.  My hubby like the General Tao's.  Service was good.  YUM craving crispy green beans now.... may have to go for lunch today :)
3	Slow service
3	I would rate this higher because my dish was definitely a 4+. Problem was it took me a long time to even get it ordered. They have gluten-free menus & vegetarian/vegan menus but the two do not combine unless you just want rice & a side of steamed veggies which was not what I had hoped for. Eventually the server had a manager out who then got the chef out & he cane up with a great tasting tofu dish. Meanwhile the rest of the large party had already finished their food & I had to try a few bites of my dish & get it packed to go since I had an appointment to get to. Fried tofu always tastes best fresh. But it was very good. I appreciate that the chef did come out to discuss the options & then make something special, Wish it hadn't taken the server so long to get others involved. This could really be resolved by having just one entree on the menu, but most of the sauces are pre-made which is why I couldn't get the tofu lettuce wraps.
4	I have been to P.F. Chang's many times and always had a decent experience but it was never at the top of my list until I enjoyed their Happy Hour menu.  My husband and I have now been quite a few times and have tried many of the items.  My favorite would have to be the well known Chicken Lettuce Wraps. You can never go wrong with those and even better when they are at the cheaper happy hour price.  I enjoy the selection of street tacos that they have to offer, my favorite being the Mahi Mahi tacos.  They are served in twos and actually have two pretty substantial pieces of fish on each.  I was happy to see their Crab Wontons (which actually have a good amount of crab in them-unlike some places)  made it onto the happy hour menu as well. Probably my most notable find was the Coconut Lemon Sour on the cocktail menu. Not too sour, not too sweet and perfect for the hot Vegas summers.  On a non food note, this location added some additional booth seating to the middle of their dining area instead of tables and chairs. My party and I found them be much more comfortable then the previous set up.
4	Excellent service. Great happy hour, loved the mojitos, tuna crisps and mahi tacos. A good PF Chang's experience.
4	I haven't been in a while and i really loved it again. The food is not fast to your table but is as tasty as ever and the service was pretty corteous. I'm glad i came back.
1	Disgusting fake Chinese food is all I can say. This place is for people who want  to valet park and drink wine. This is a place for people to think they are eating Chinese food when they are not. This restaurant disgusts me. The reason I came here was because I was invited as a guest. I would never come here on my own accord
5	Very good customer service, very intimate, the staff are very friendly and hospitable, and the food came out on a good timely manner.  I noticed they are very clean and fast paced and they come and check on you frequently which I liked the atmosphere is very nice and trendy and people are not loud.  If you like a nice quiet dinner this is the place to go.  I came on a Wednesday with my partner at 8:30pm
1	Horrible food. Frozen, fried, poisonous. I ate a salad and Buddha's feast and still felt like my brain and body went into chemical override that didn't leave till the next morning. I went because I had a gift certificate but severely regretted not just throwing the GC away. The fish tasted grainy and old, the other stuff tasted freezer burned. Just gross. Not food. . . yuck. Our server was awesome!
5	Anyone who criticizes this place for not being healthy or REAL Chinese food...DUH (thank you Captain Obvious!) That's like downgrading Coldstone for not being homemade or healthy ice cream!  To each their own I guess but I've never come here to feel like I was in China or eating clean, healthy food.Now, to the service...I have NEVER had a bad experience here with service.  The staff is extremely friendly and nice.  They ate attentive (never have my ice tea empty, etc). This place is great!  The food is awesome! The decor is nice!  The staff is friendly and attentive.  I come here three to four times and a month and will continue to do so!
2	The waiter came up and greeted me ad if I was a friend by saying " what's crackin?" Really?! How is that professionalism. Not only that but my mojito was basically lime juice and water. The worst cocktail I've ever had in my life. Every restraunt I've ever been to the manager stops by to check on guests, I'm guessing the manager either doesn't care or knows how  terrible it is there since I never once saw him go to any table.
1	I've had good meals and service here in the past on annual trips to Vegas, but not this time. Drinks sat empty waiting for refills, the server walked away without mixing the sauce for lettuce wraps and didn't return til we'd given up and attempted to mix our own. The salad was inedible, the meal wasn't much better. Undercooked rice, no flavor. No sign of our server for at least 15 minutes while we waited for our check. It was lunchtime on a weekday, not very busy. We went here as part of a long standing family tradition, but won't waste another Vegas meal "time slot" on this place. Try Kung Fu at the other end of town.
4	I actually like it here. I agree with Jon K, not sure why people who come here actually expect real authentic chinese food and then rate it a 1-star. So maybe PF's needs to do a better job of explaining themselves? The steamed potstickers with shrimp are super yummy. The mongolian beef is good, but a little greasy (especially if you heat it up the next day), Their fried rice is tasty and whether I've eaten in or gotten take-out, the service has been really good and the food consistent in looks and flavor.Maybe I'm also getting lucky and not ordering their freezer entrees? I'm sad others had such bad experiences, but it won't stop me from going back.
1	I love pf changs. I just moved to the Vegas area and decided to order togo after work. Granted it was busy, but the service I got was horrible. When I called to place the order, after collecting my order, name and number, I asked how long it was going to take, I got hung up on. Ok, no biggie, called back to ask, was left on hold for 7 minutes. I decided to drive down there And do a curbside pickup. 35 minutes later I was still waiting in my car. I called from my car again, I was told they were going to inform someone I was waiting. Still nothing. I went in, and waited for another 20 minutes, i was told they were going to check on my order, no follow up, nothing. I left after an hour.. Waste of my precious time. Didn't get to try the food, the service sucked.
2	P.F. Chang's In General to me has always seemed like a Glorified, Overpriced Panda Express with a crappy bar that floats every drink and skimps on the liquor. Nothing really stands out on their menu.. Changs "Spicy Chicken" Is a joke, it is ZERO Spicy, They used to have the Asian Grilled steak with grilled asparagus that was pretty decent.. But of course its gone now, And A lot of the items on the menu are run of the mill Asian fast food on fancy plates in a fancy setting.. Pretty much FAIL.. I would recommend avoiding.. Too Many good chinese places in Las Vegas to waste your time on these clowns. Although I must say the service is always on point at this location, They have some servers that should be working in a real award winning restaurant.
2	Worst part about this meal was length of wait.  Took quite a long time for the waiter to greet us once seated and he was only prepared to take our drink orders. In total probably took close to 1.5 hours for lunch and we got there around 11:45 am [so not busy time]. We had been sitting outside long enough we already knew what we wanted to eat.  Ordered an ice-tea, had to remind the guy twice that I would like some sweetener with my tea..awesome.I also just realized we NEVER GOT OUR SAUCES at all, like they didn't even make it to the table.My co-worker wanted to start off w/ the salt n pepper calamari.  I would skip this. It was over-breaded and maybe undercooked? I think the oil they fried it is was not hot enough. It was missing the golden brown color you would typically expect from fried food, it was on the pale yellow side. And it was pretty greasy.  We didn't finish it.Got huge salads [these were very good] I also asked for the dressing on the side, as well as,  the lime dressing on the side too [saw it was lower in calories on their nutrition facts]. Lime dressing never showed.  Ate the salad right up, maybe the best part of the meal.I ordered the sweet n sour chicken, which on the nutritional info on their site says it's lower in calories and fat. It came out fried.  My co-worker ordered chicken n broccoli [a very healthy choice] it came out not fried. I think I would've preferred mine to be not fried chicken [it didn't say it was fried on the menu] and add more veggies.They do have outside seating...so if this makes you happy, I'd sit outside order drinks and stick w/ 'safe appetizers' like the pot stickers or lettuce wraps.I don't think I have to go back to this location.
5	I don't quite understand all of the the negative reviews on here. I understand each experience is different but I have eaten at PF many times and it's always consistant and good. Is it a $$$$ Celebrity Chef owned restaurant on the strip? No but the food is good with good value and the service is fantastic. We had the Flaming Red Wontons, Chicken Lettuce Wraps, Salt and Pepper Prawns, S&S Pork and Sizzling Asparagus. I asked about the SP Prawns before I ordered them and the server gave me a quick description and said they were really good. She was right! They were excellent, perfectly prepared and tasty. She recommend the Flaming Wontons again nice dish with a kick to it. My wife only had one because of the extra kick but hey more for me. We went at 8pm on a Saturday night and waited maybe 15 minutes....no biggie time for a Sam Adams at the bar. Our servers were Brandy and Brandon. They were super attentive and never missed a beat. She new the menu made smart recommendations and was very nice. In all honesty it is a 4 star restaurant but they need a little help to get back up where they deserve to be.
5	Great gluten free menu.  Great service.  Extra star for it being in my neighborhood.
2	Great food. Horrible service. Planned a date night and was going to eat then catch a movie. Unfortunately our waitress only had time enough to take our order. She had a big party in a separate room and was able to tend to their every need but never made it over to check and see if our food was good or if we needed a refill. After an hr and a half... And 30 + mins after we were done with our entree we had already missed our movie time and were fed up. Even after getting our desserts to go we waited another 10 mins without her giving us our check. The manager was nice enough to take some stuff off our bill, but I will not be going back to this location. I don't normally like to complain and know things can get hectic on a Saturday night, but I feel like she could have at least gave us a refill. We would have given her a fat tip too... Oh well.
5	I have always received great service and food here. Clean, organized, and excellent presentation. If you enjoy trendy Chinese food, eat here. Call ahead to make a reservation, this location is often busy, which also makes parking a bit tough in the District's parking lot.
5	What a great place. Great food( especially for us gluten free people), great atmosphere and great service. Every time I come in I get seated , greeted and served quickly. I love their gluten-free menu. The chicken lettuce wraps and the fried rice, Delicious! They also have great herbal tea. We've been lucky enough to be served by Chris ( who is fabulous and always remembers us) and Brenden who was oh so kind to us. I would suggest asking for either of these guys. Nice place to go on a date, hangout with friends or spend time with family. Love this place.
5	I love the great Gluten Free Menu and the fact that the staff is educated on what gluten free actually means.  My stomach thanks you PF Changs, but my wallet doesn't because I'm there 3 times a week!!  HAHAHAHAHAHAHA  Totally worth every single penny though.
4	They have gluten free and Vegetarian options, sweet meat!! Sean was super nifty, he's a great waiter!  We'll be back again fo sho!
1	Thank you to the wonderful (sarcasm) James I did not eat dinner tonight. After waiting an hour because the restaurant was short staffed in the kitchen I finally get my food and it looks like _____! I asked for the manager twice and 10 minutes later he comes to the table and tells me that is Chang Chicken. I eat Chang's Chicken all the time and it was not Chang's Chicken it was some crap they cooked back in the kitchen under the wonderful supervision (sarcasm again) of James. I know why the food sucked and they were disorganized tonight it was because James was leading (sarcasm again) the crew. It will be a while before I revisit this PF Chang's or any PF Chang's. Thank you for screwing up my wives birthday dinner James. Call before you go, if James is managing don't waste your time!
2	Been to this location multiple time...as always great food ...BUT...the last experience at this location was not so great......waited over 45 minutes for an appetizer and only recieved it after I asked a couple of times .... was pretty disappointing visit to say the least
4	Great chain restaurant. Love their special 3 course menu for 2. Plenty of food for two meals for each of us.
3	Years ago they used to do sauces at the table and had variety of tea. Now tea is just what they give you. No sauces. Wait at the front always seems so long despite open tables seen. Kung pow chicken is my husband's fav but I do not eat rice but found a salad with tuna that was tasty. I guess I find this restaurant overpriced for what you get. Service is awesome that much I will give them! But for real Chinese food I will head to Spring Mtn
2	I am so dissappointed that PF Changs has removed the Salt & Pepper Prawns from the menu. My husband and I went there specifically  for this entree'. Too bad..... Not sure if we will return. We usually order the orange chicken with the shrimp. I guess we can get orange chicken anywhere.
3	I only go to PF Chang's because someone else wanted to eat here. As for me, I would not really go here by choice.Brad T. and I have gone here a couple of times for the happy hour and at first I really enjoyed their food.  However, after a few bites I'm kinda over it and want to barf.  Their happy hour menu is a variety of dishes you can try and recommend it to anyone wanting small portions.  The entrees that they serve is a good size but the quality of the taste is not wahhh wahhh wah..The service is great and they all seem very friendly. The are fast and efficient with getting out the dishes for you and consistently checking up on you.  Overall, it is literally A-OK.
1	RAW PORK DUMPLINGS @ LUNCH:  So this wasn't a case that the pork was undercooked.  It was bloody raw - I had a to-go order for lunch and was eating while typing on the computer.  I didn't realize until after I ate a few that they were raw.  There is never an excuse for raw Pork or Chicken to leave a kitchen.  Disappointed and Disgusted.
2	The only reason I'm giving PF Changs a 2 star is because of their egg drop soup. It was the only good thing my hubby and I ate. My husband ordered the Beef with Broccoli and said it was WAY too salty. I was excited to finally find a place that did lemon chicken the way I like it, but the lemon sauce was absolutely overpowering! The lemon sauce shouldn't be the only thing I taste, it should only enhance the taste of the chicken and broccoli. My husband and I didn't feel well after eating here, and will not be returning.
4	We normally sit at the bar for our service since there are only two of us but on 4/10/2013 we were sat at a table.  It was a great experience.  Neal our server was top notch and he even spiced our one of the dishes we got which was pretty bland.  I gave it 4 stars due to having to send food back that was supposed to be spicy.  Still would go again. Dessert selection here is great too!
1	Place is garbage. Food is horrible. Service is horrible. Wont be back.
4	One of my favorite restaurants, never go wrong with this place. The lettuce wraps are a MUST TRY, even if you're not a huge fan wraps, this one is amazeballs! The Orange chicken is amazing! This location in particular is pretty quite, not too much traffic and wait is normally not as long as others in town. If you love fruity, blended drinks, try the Nutty Uncle w/whip cream-SHIT"S THE BOMB! It's no longer on the menu but they will make for you if you ask. ;-)
4	Stopped in last night for happy hour on our way to a movie. We went straight to the bar. Been here about 5 times in the last 6 months or so, always for HH and have never been greeted by the hostesses. It's funny too, because there is always 2 of them standing there, usually talking to each other. Last night I commented, oh yeah, the service here sucks. Oh well, we continued to the bar and found a seat. It was about 5:30. Happy hour ends at 6:00 so we had plenty of time to get an order in. We sat for a few minutes and still not acknowledged so the husband went back to the hostesses and picked up a menu from their station, while they were standing there. The waiter we had, however, was very prompt to take our order and bring the food and check on us several times. He gets 5 stars for his service. For the food: it's always consistently on the money. And the HH deals are great. We get the lettuce wraps (my fave), spring rolls, the ribs with the dry rub (they are fantastic), dumplings and the green beans.  Everything is fresh and tasty. After the meal, we left, walking right by the hostess station without a peep from either one of them. I really wonder if they are trained that way because I've never seen them any other way. If not for the hostesses, I would give it 5 stars.
3	Love this restaurant and love Sean, the waiter.I've been to other PFC's in the past but there's just something special about the hospitality, location and food in this one. You'll need to try it to believe it.
1	Went out to dinner with my boyfriend and we decided on PF Changs in Anthem. Service was horrible. Couldn't get a refill to save my life. Food was "ok". Only thing remotely good was the Dynamite Shrimp. RICE? Tasted like it had been microwaved left overs from 3 nights ago! I cook better rice at home! Very, very disappointed. After the shitty service from our overwhelmed waitress who only had 3 tables in her section, the mediocre food from which we had high expectations from, we definitely won't be returning to ANY Pf Changs location unless it's in a new city... and thats being nice.
2	Letttuce wrap, and hot and sour soup was good. My Vietnamese crab salad was neither Vietnamese nor a salad. It was cold stale noodles with hardly noticable crab, spinkles of fruit and no sauce, yet it was almost the highest priced lunch item. A restaurant with real vietnamese food wouldn't be caught dead serving such fakery. Please take it off the menu. Worse than cafeteria food.
5	PF Changs was great!  I am usually a big fan of mom and pop shops.....love authentic Chinese food.  But I was talked into going here one day and I have nothing but good things to report.  The lettuce wraps were awesome, and the Mongolian beef was very tasty.  Our waiter, Jeremiah, was knowledgeable and available for whatever we needed.  My ice tea was always full! (love that).I definitely recommend this place.
4	Maybe not authentic Chinese, but the food here is consistently good. Service is wonderful and though the ambience leans toward a bit noisy we had no problem having a conversation at our booth. My friends had the crispy green beans and lettuce wraps, both seemed to be the signature dishes. They were happy with their order and couldn't finish since the portions were so large. They felt the next time they order these dishes,  and they will order them again, they'll probably share.I tasted the green beans and they really were delicious. Crispy, perfectly done, and served with  an  excellent remoulade dipping sauce.  I also had Mandarin Chicken, which came out very hot, with an intensely flavored sauce that was truly delicious and a bit on the spicy side which I really liked.  We come here often because the food is always good and so is the service.  Ask for Sarah if you want top notch service, we really liked her.
3	More of an American restaurant with Chinese dishes.  The Dan Dan Noodles (Mien) were truly "ma ma-hoo-hoo" (so-so in Mandarin) with some of the noodles still stick together from the packaging.  Not so good!  The flavors were not bad and the sliced cucumber is a nice addition.Nice wait staff.  Pleasant dining room.  Cool Happy Hour.  So they get 3 stars for effort and ambience.  I'll keep trying the dishes and report more later.  For LV residents looking for Chinese food, go to Spring Mountain!
4	Try the Pan fried dumplings!
4	If you've been to one P.F. Chang's, you've been to them all.  Slightly overly helpful wait staff, an Americanized Chinese menu, and above average food quality.   When you're doing a business lunch in Henderson, you can definitely do a lot worse.
5	Beautiful beard + delightful coconut curry vegetables  = cats with yarn.  They just go together.
3	I mean, it's PF Chang's. The crispy green beans are the only appe-teaser you should be ordering. I always try something new for the main dish. Everything is pretty tasty. The only down fall is the size of their proportions.
5	Pumpkin wontons are delicious!! Organic agave margaritas and Mongolian beef never disappoint. The managers Christi and victor stopped by and really made us feel like royalty! We will be back time and time again. Love this place!
4	Awesome kung pao chicken!!!!  The dynamite shrimp werent as spicy as i had hoped, but still good!  everything served family style, so order to share!
5	I enjoyed the ginger salmon with green beans instead of bok choy and mushrooms, it was definetly yummy! Shanda did an excellent job of making everything timely and just the way I wanted it.  The kale salad was excellent as well for a starter.
4	This has been the 5th visit for our family.  Obviously its really great or we would not have come by again.  We always start out with the Spring rolls, Egg Rolls and Hot tea.  All very good.  We visited recently and liked our "usual picks" Chang's Spicy Chicken, Sweet & Sour Chicken, and the Chang's for Two. Egg drop soup is always god too.  Planing to go back again soon.
2	If you want this type of Chinese food, buy Panda Express, purchase some cheap wine, go home, turn on 94.1, dim the lights to almost pitch black and light a candle. Viola! You're in PF Changs! Kinda! You'll save a ton of money and gas, for sure. But seriously, the food was fine but portions were small and not meant for sharing. The only standout was the chicken lettuce wraps (buy them during happy hour!). At least our waiter was fun. Super sassy and friendly, Lawrence was a joy to be around. Ironically, he reminded me of another Lawrence, the no nonsense best friend on the Real Housewives of Atlanta. But I digress, stick to Panda Express or Pei Wei if you want this kind of food.
5	This is an update to review I posted a while back. Several friends and I had lunch today at PF Changs and took advantage of their seasonal menu. We also had a couple of appetizers that are not on the regular menu but they certainly should be. The appetizers were crispy chicken wings, served lollipop style. The wings were crunchy on the outside juicy and tender and extremely flavorful on the inside this is really a delicious dish. The other appetizer was the Shanghai Waldorf Salad.  An unusual but delicious salad of kale and several other ingredients and topped with a delicious miso dressing.The others in my party had regular menu items like Spicy Chicken which I really like but could be spicier. Although my friend did put some chili paste on her plate and use it as a dipping sauce.  My other two friends had Moo Goo Gai Pan and Mongolian Beef -  still as good as they always were. I opted for the Vietnamese Noodles with Steak and Shrimp. This was one of the best dishes I've ever had at PF Changs. Angel hair type noodles, loaded with shrimp and tender pieces of steak. The sauce was truly memorable. Since this is a seasonal dish it won't be featured on the regular menu and that's really too bad.  I also had to have what I always have when I go there-  a cup of wonton soup which this time was flat and bland. The service here is always impeccable and this time it was no different. We've been coming here for over 10 years and have never had a bad meal.Photos
3	Hello again fellow yelpers!! So me and my boyfriend went to this location a couple nights ago to eat dinner and boy oh boy has the service changed!! Or maybe it was just our waiter, I will give the restaurant the being it of the doubt and say it is just the one waiter. I am going to also give the waiter the benefit of the doubt and not say his name even though I really want to (he he) but we are adults so I will not, nay!! Shan't not haha. Anyway so we sat down and the guy was just rude from the start which was fine maybe it was just an isolated incident but oh no not even close. He takes our drink order and as we wait I am looking at the menu and my most favorite dish wasn't on the menu!! So he comes back with our drinks (I got a pot of hot tea) and I ask about the menu item in question he says that no it's not but they will still make it for me so that was really awesome. We said we needed another minute but that I would like some sugar. Without even acknowledging the fact that we said anything to him he just walks away! And just to put the rest of the meal into perspective for you he did this every time we said or ask him anything. So he comes back to take our food order and he never brought me my sugar. I probably sound like a crotchety bitch but I'm sorry I'm not down for paying good money to come eat at your place of work and you treat me like I am an inconvenience of some sort. The only reason they are even getting 3 stars is because gosh darn I love there food, it is so delicious every time  and it doesn't treat me like I don't exist lmao. The only reason they lose 2 stars is for that crappy waiter!!! Honestly he was really bad, my boyfriend and I just started laughing about it because he basically took his potentially bomb diggity tip and tossed that shizz straight out tha winda. Basically go eat here it is worth it and the food is o'mazing just pray you don't get helped by he who must not be named
1	The food is really good and the prices are reasonable. The reason for the 1-star is the service which to me makes or breaks a restaurant. Firstly, I called to reserve for a party of 18 and when we got there, the table setting was only for 12. Secondly, I was the first to order out of 18 people and ordered dumplings as appetizers - those came 45 mins later. Thirdly, when we were trying to get the attention of our server (her name is Bri), she just kept ignoring us and was not accommodating at all. Finally, when we ordered a "surprise" Great Wall of Chocolate for my sister's birthday, it didn't take her five minutes before she went up to my sister, told her "you didn't tell me it was your birthday!" and asked her for the dessert that she would like to order - after I'd ordered something specific.
1	The food is packed with sodium.  Very salty.  I think it must be pre=prepared - not fresh.
1	The food here is decent but they need to look at improving their business model in how they manage their take out service. I understand that when your busy challenges arise however when you give us a conformation number and lose the order and then find it then when your inside trying to pick up and pay for the order and then are delayed because the employee is outside looking for you and once you connect the order is completely wrong does not make me want me want to use this service or eat at your restaurant again.Other chain restaurants have a better operating plan for this type of service.
5	Make sure to get the lettuce wraps, they were awesome! Excellent service, our server was friendly, prompt, and courteous, we're giving her & the others that served us 2 thumbs up! The food did not disappoint us & the price was reasonable for the quality & presentation. Will definitely come back! Oh, just a tip - make a reservation!
5	I love the food here.  We went with a group for lunch and had Jeremiah as a server.  He was funny and a great server.  The lettuce wraps are mouth watering and the candied shrimp were amazing delicious!  I've never had a bad experience here.
4	Used to be fav. They took chicken w/ black bean sauce off menu. May not come back. Shame on you Chang's. 1pm for lunch. Almost empty room and bar. Figures. Updated May 24th 2014. back to 4 stars because they will make the chicken with black bean sauce which isn't on the menu
1	So I was eating my leftover wonton soup today & found a nicely trimmed finger nail twards bottom of my bowl of soup. Thanks Changs but next time let me know you added extra ingredients :)
4	The hot and sour soup was very warm and fresh. They say it is made daily from scratch. It is much better than the boil and dump dry soup I try to make from home. The vietnamese crab salad was not sour as described. The papaya is ripe and not green so the flavor is dulled.
1	Disaster! We were three.  We had a 5:45 reservation but we were seated at 5:40.  This was all good because we had tickets to a show and we wanted to have a nice leisurely dinner.  Within 5 minutes of being seated, we ordered our meals.  Within 5 minutes of ordering, we had our ice tea.  So, now we're still foodless at 30 minutes past ordering our food.  Now it's 40 minutes, no food.  What's up, we ask our server. We have a private party in the private room and their order went in before ours.  But your order should be out in 5 minutes.  After 10 more minutes, still no food, we got up and left and got a less leisurely meal elsewhere prior to our show.  If the restaurant had a private party coming in on a Saturday night when the place is crowded and people waiting to be seated, they should bring in additional cooks, kitchen staff, and a waiter or two.  And to make matters worse, I couldn't take advantage of my P.F. Chang's gift card.
4	I liked the gluten free spicy chicken.  It's the perfect portion for lunch.
2	My family (wife, kids, and parents) and I have never been to P F Chang's and decided to try it out since most of our friends like it.  We really like Chinese food in San Francisco CA, but I decided to come without super high expectations.Why the 2 stars?  It's a combination of reasons.  Even though I did not walk in with super high expectations there is still a certain par level for a restaurant that prices Chinese food that high and claims to "create great, crave-able Chinese food that guests cannot get anywhere else."  What a claim!  So I guess you can say that I did have a level of expectation based on their own claim.  I ordered the shrimp with candied walnuts lunch plate with fried rice.   The flavor was really nothing extraordinary, it was rather bland.  The sauce was tangy and the melons sweet but the shrimp had no savor.  The shrimp was also chewy.  The fried rice was, how do you put it, fried rice.  The hot and sour soup, on the other hand, had great flavor.  It had just the right amount of sour and spiciness to it. The rest of my family didn't have anything wonderful to say about their lunch dishes.  My wife had the Chang's spice chicken and my parents shared the wonton soup and Chang's chicken lettuce wraps.  The kids didn't complain about their dishes and they rarely rave about food anyways, so their reactions did not contribute to the rating in this review.  However the kids' food, and sauce that came with it, came out piping hot (it was too hot to handle with even our fingers).  My wife and I had to blow on their food for several minutes so that the temperature was palatable to their young sensitive mouths.  Mind you that we understand that food comes out hot at every restaurant but this time it seemed like the food was taken straight out of the fryer and sent directly to our kids. This event DID contribute to the rating in this review.  The service was ok... nothing great and nothing bad.In conclusion, PF Chang's China Bistro did not create great, crave-able Chinese food that guests cannot get anywhere else.  They certainly did not create it with my shrimp dish nor the dishes that the rest of my family had.  This experience certainly does not scream "lets go there again!"  I often have a craving for Chinese food from a few other smaller restaurants in Henderson.  On top of that, they are inexpensive compared to PF Chang's.  We will not be coming back.
3	To end the weekend, I decided to meet a friend I've never seen in a long time, for dinner. We agreed on PF Changs as we both love Asian foods. Years back, I worked for Lucille's restaurant around the corner. During those days, I would frequent PF's because it was convenience. Since working there, I haven't been to PF's so I was excited to wine and dine!Located in the District, once you exit the 215, turn down south on Green Valley, make the immediate right and you'll see PF Chang's. As a stand alone building, you have the luxury of private parking, but be advised, it isn't big. On busy nights, you'll have to park in the main district parking. Approaching the restaurant, you'll notice an outdoor seating area, left of the front doors. Once you enter, the main focal point is a hand painted Asian mural, which looked super cool and depicted some form of historic event. The main bar is located underneath the mural and most of the dining area is to the right. As we were seated, I noticed the mural continued throughout the dining room. There were other Asian artwork and Chinese statues solidifying the type of restaurant. The larger ceiling lights weren't as bright as you would expect and coupled with the dim red lighting on the outskirts of the dining room, it made for a great date night spot. For dinner, our server was super nice. She was accommodating and ensured our orders were correct. That's one thing I was appreciative of. She kept asking questions and I definitely felt our needs were being met. Now that's good service!For dinner, I wanted to start with an adult like drink. I chose to go with the 2012 Estancia Pinot Grigio for $8 a glass. I actually liked this brand. I felt the wine was super crisp, with a fruity taste with a tangy/zesty type finish. I would recommend this wine again! For dinner, I decided to go with one of their signature appetizers, the Chang's chicken lettuce wraps for $8.95. As described on the menu, wok-seared chicken, mushrooms, green onions and water chestnuts served over crispy rice sticks with lettuce cups. The chicken and mushrooms had the same texture so I'm super glad they chose the crunchy chestnut texture. The flavor was jam packed in the dish, kind of borderline salty. The rice sticks were good and crispy. I felt though, the oiliness of the sticks and the oil from the sauce was a little much. I was hoping for more of a health conscious dish, but there was a little too much oil to consider this dish healthy. I know, I know, I should have gone with a salad. I just wanted to try something else! At the end of the day, my meal was definitely OK. There's no reason for me NOT to return. I think PF Chang's offers a lot of great dishes. This one was just not the best I've had, but I know I'll be back to check something else out in the near future. Great spot to hang with some cool friends!
2	Haven't been to PFs in a while so my cousins and I decided to check it out over the weekend. This particular location is over in the District in Green Valley Ranch. The whole area preys upon dinners who want semi-upscale chain restaurants. I'm pretty sure the reason people even patronize PF Changs and the like is because they are expecting a uniform and consistent experience.I know what to expect at Changs: glorified Panda Express at 3x the price, and if I had gotten that I would have been A-ok with it. Instead we got served up slop with a snooty attitude and terrible service. Our large party decided to order a few of the '2 for $40' Chang's feast specials. Pretty much you get soup, an app, entree and small dessert for two people for $40. Our party of eight told our server that we were doing the Changs Feast and his heart just sank. He probably wanted us to order a la carte to jack up the check, but after he took our orders he disappeared. We had to wave down bussers and other servers to simply get refills.The food showed up in two waves, half the table got their food in a reasonable amount of time, the other half (including me!) had to wait another 20 minutes. The food that we did get was cold and we had to send it back and wait even longer. How the hell do you bring out undercooked Orange Peel Chicken? Its probably the most popular dish in the entire spot, y'all should be cooking it up in bulk considering how much of it you move on a busy day. This is probably a great example of why I hate auto-grat. Way too many servers simply don't give a eff because they know they are getting their 18% and want to do the minimum.
5	P.F Changs has been one of my favorite places to eat for a while now. They never let me down. They have great regular happy hour specials and great dinner specials as well. I always order the lettuce wraps I think they are amazing especially when topped off with the Chile paste they give you. The combo Lo mein noodles are what I normally get and its always great. Costumer service has always been great which makes it that much better. Would definitely recommend eating here if your in the mood for some good food!!
4	Was treated to dinner by a friend who wholeheartedly recommended the Chilean seabass. Surprised to see that it was available, I decided to have it. This entree came in a bed of sauteed spinach and a side of rice for $26. The service, presentation and entree were excellent. However, I later searched the Internet for Chilean sea bass and learned that it is not only an endangered fish but contains such a high level of mercury that pregnant women are at risk to eat it. Just saying ... not a cool thing to serve the unknowing public.
5	I had the Pad Thai. It was amazing!!! We ordered the spring rolls, fried green beans, and lettuce wraps. It was amazing!!! We couldn't handle the dessert so we took it home but it came highly recommended!
1	This place sucks A$$!!  Service sucks, management, and  atmosphere!!  See ya, were staying clear of here. Rather go eat the buffet at Green valley ranch!!
2	Food was okay, but service was horrible. Appetizer plates were never cleared, entrees arrived but we didn't have any silverware and had to take them from the table next to is, water was never refilled, server gave us our check before we even got our dessert. Don't think I will ever come back
4	Lettuce wraps and spicy orange chicken my fav the atmosphere loud food great tasting service nice mainly for a group though for romance there are other places but very clean drinks are reasonable
4	BEST CHINESE FOOD IN LAS VEGAS.   Okay clearly that's not the case, but what can I say, I'm a sucker for the sodium laden dishes PF Changs has to offer.  I usually do take-out which will normally consist of the Changs Chicken Noodle Soup.   Full of pin-rice noodles, chicken, cilantro and tomatoes (and like 4 gallons of sodium), it's spicy and just what the doctor ordered on a cold night.   I actually order it no matter the weather but I imagine it's even better on the 3 cold nights we get here a year.For appetizers I usually stick with the classic Salt and Pepper Calamari, but this last time we tried some new Edamame preparation they offer which had orange peels and chili flakes and found it fantastic.  The orange peels add a new taste to an old favorite.  We also had the crispy green beans which were nice yet un-extraordinary at once.  The bastards at corporate (presumably) recently removed my favorite entree from their regular menu, Dali chicken, so I've been doing some experimenting and the last two visits I tried items from their current Summer seasonal menu, the Thai Chiang Mai Curry Chicken Noodles and the Korean BBQ Chicken Stir Fry.   Those PF Changs cooks are masters of all Asian cuisines apparently.  The stir-fry was good, but not something I'd be devastated if it never came back once Summer ends.  The chicken was reminiscent of how Changs does most of their stir-fried chicken dishes, but just with different veggies mixed in and topped with a "kimchi slaw".  None of the flavors they tried to emulate really stood out to me which would be impossible if the kimchi was anything like traditional Korean kimchi.  Overall it was still tasty and I was able to finish it all.I enjoyed the Chiang Mai Curry Noodles with Chicken a lot more.  I prefer the sliced chicken breast preparation of chicken over the other kinds at PF and that's what this features.  The broth is infused with coconut-curry and as a huge Thai-food fan, I was shocked how much it tasted like something I'd be happy with ordering at any of my favorite Thai restaurants in town.   I asked for it to be extra spicy and of course it didn't come close to matching the highest levels you can achieve at a more traditional Thai joint, it still did the trick and the mix of sweet from the coconut curry and spicy was that perfect balance I look for.   I'd definitely order this again.I've always found the service, from the curbside takeout staff, to the hostesses, bartenders, and waitresses to be courteous.  4 stars, deal with it haters (and by haters I mean my blood pressure)
1	Just wanted to have some decent chinese food this weekend nothing too authentic because it's not available in town. So Pf Chang's right? Wrong. Steam rice was dry,Orange chicken not on the menu, sweet & sour pork was not crunchy and something new on the menu, Curry noodles of some sort not so delicious. My kids were hungry so didn't even bother to complain just ate really fast. Been to pf Chang's a lot but what is going on?
4	We stopped here before heading out of Vegas to Phoenix.  The waitress we had was great; her name was Gayla.  We got our usual; chicken lettuce wraps and lo mein. I got my lo mein with shrimp and my husband got his with chicken. The food was fabulous (as always) and the portions were so big! (Way bigger than what they give us in Phoenix). The wait time was a little longer than normal, but we weren't in a hurry.
2	Very disappointed. Haven't been there for several years and won't go back again. The service was horrible - food came out timely but the quality of the food has significantly deteriorated. Had chicken in my stir fried rice - it was literally small narrow strips of chicken. The crispy honey chicken is soggy and has no flavor - I even questioned if it was the correct dish. The waitress could not get anything straight - we had to continuously request the same things over and over. Will not be going back and would not recommend - save yourself some grief and go to panda express if you want chinese.
1	I received a gift card From PF Chang's and was excited to have a nice takeout dinner.  I loved their food years ago but for some reason ALL of the food was very bad, too salty and barely edible.  I'm not exaggerating and have only complained about food twice in my entire life.  I called the manager to let him know that I had used my gift card and was very unhappy.  He said he would call back, location in Henderson, but never did.  Also, take out does not have everything on the on-line menu so my choices were slim.  Never again.  What in the world happened to their delicious food?
4	"Tastefully Expensive" is how I would describe this restaurant. Their food: amazing. Love it every time. But very pricey in my opinion. The whole atmosphere is nice, best for business lunches/dinners and maybe some classy dates. Although, the hostesses need to learn some manners. The waiters/waitresses are usually very friendly and talkative, but the ladies at the front need to be less cold towards the customers. Once for lunch, my friends and I went in dressed with flip flops and shorts. The woman at the front shriveled her nose and looked at us up and down, placing us in the very back of the empty restaurant (we moved ourselves to a nicer seat after she left) and the waiter was apologetic. Other times I've overheard the hostesses whispering to each other, complaining about the children in the place, or even making fun of some of the customers. I get that its supposed to be a "high-end bistro" but those ladies could learn a thing or two from the much friendlier waiters/waitresses. If you're going to complain about your job, do it on Facebook, not within earshot of your customers.
2	I'm giving two stars for the food. Otherwise the service was absolutely terrible and so is the management.-Forgot drinks-Waited 20 minutes at a time, for anything.-The restaurant was empty, yet our food came out at different times or not at all.-Called the manager after our service to inform her of our dinning experience. WAS NOT looking for anything free and said so. She did not listen to a word I had to say and defended our terrible service. Then spoke over me to tell me she will give me a free dinner. FYI the customer is always right. That will be our last birthday dinner at PF Changs. All of us are in the industry and know what good service looks like. So disappointing.
3	I guess I don't get all the fuss about this place. Went about 3Pm on  Saturday afternoon. Not crowded at all. Service was great.Started with the crab wantons. Was very good. The home made wan ton sauce was to die for. Then went on to the egg drop soup. Again, a wonderful choice. It was outstanding. I ordered the mongolia beef and upgraded to fried rice for $1 extra. The fried rice was nothing remarkable. Just so-so. The mongolian beef was worthless. It was nothing. The onions added nothing. It was very disappointing.The extras were all good but the main entree dropped the ball. Service was very good. Overall rating, not worth the high $$. Even Panda Express's beef is better.
4	Fast takeout service and quality food is what this place is all about. My order (Moo Goo gai pan) was ready before my chosen pick up time. The food was fresh and they add a good amount of shrimp & chicken. Their fried rice is also very good. A lot of restaurants give you the worst bag for your takeout, but notPF Changs! A sturdy paper bag with handles is more than appreciated.One negative may be the parking. Their lot was pretty full, and there's a sign that directs you to additional parking across the street. The restaurant does, however, have designated spaces for takeout and you can use their curbside pickup! I do not use that, it seems cheesy.Parking at The District can be tricky, so keep that in mind.
5	I love the lettuce wraps! I love the lettuce wraps. Mmmmmmmmmm. Great place for a date.
5	Great food, friendly staff, great service. I highly recommend their restaurant.
1	Just a little disappointed with this restaurant... The last time we came here was about 2 yrs ago, we ordered take out and the server decided to add a tip on our bill without our knowledge then we caught it later.  So we eventually received a gift card and we didn't use it until tonight.  We must have had the slowest waiter who made us wait super long for our bill and then gave us big bills for change.  So sneaky, then I had to wait up front to try and get change then low and behold it was the same darn waiter up front who ended up giving me the change.  So disappointed because we tried to give them another chance with no prevail!!!
1	The service and food is horrible at this location.  I have eaten at a number of P F Chang"s at different locations and never had a problem.  We arrived at about 3:30 for a late lunch and there were only about 10 or 12 people in the restaurant.  The service was terrible and the food came out cold.  If you decide to visit this location, just remember, YOU'VE BEEN WARNED.
4	As always I get my favorite dishes. Mongolian Beef and Chicken lettuce wraps! Service was great. Friendly but a little forgetful. But it is all good. I am full and happy!
2	The service was great, prompt and friendly staff but the food was mediocre. The chicken pad thai was not done well, overcooked noodles and fairly bland overall.
5	I like to grab the wonton soup and some chicken lettuce wraps to go.  Always neatly packaged to-go food which is always hot when I reach my house.  Love the friendly service.
1	I went to this location on 1/1/2015 and my experience was not pleasant. The waiter 'Bri' was very unprofessional and was rude. She made my birthday dinner horrendous. My food was taken from me without being asked if I was finished. My friend also said she wanted to box her own food three times but Bri went ahead and did it anyways after we told her not too. We were trying to make this birthday dinner special, but we felt so intimidated by Bri that we didn't even tell her that it was my birthday. She knew we were dissatisfied with the service, but when she gave us the check she told us she went ahead and added the 20% tip. I was appalled!
