3	The name of this restaurant is a little deceiving... although they do have Thai food, it is not traditional Thai food and they do serve other Asian food as well. They are very upfront about this, i.e. the waiter explained it all before I ordered... but I didn't know until after I had sat down.When going to Thai restaurants for the first time, I usually use pad thai as my yardstick to measure quality. Although the pad thai was quite good, it wasn't exactly what I was expecting. The regular pad thai seemed to be cooked in a curry sauce, and I could have used it a little spicier... which is my own fault, as I didn't realize that I hadn't been asked how spicy I wanted my dish until it was sitting in front of me (another thing I thought odd for a Thai place).I would go back... but I'm going to to do it  when I'm in the mood for "Asian" food as opposed to "Thai." There were definitely other things on the menu that seemed enticing.As to the decorum, service and price, Thaifoon definitely has the "upscale" feel one would expect for the neighborhood in which it is located. The one thing I feel is worth noting is the waterfall behind the bar that is, for lack of better adjectives, "really cool."EDIT: In retrospect, no surprise this place went the way of the dodo.
2	The service was good and the decor cool but I found the food to be disappointing. It was mediocre at best.   The pad thai tasted too limey. The curry peanut sauce for the princess tofu didn't have much flavor.  The firecracker fish is spicy so watch out.  There are better restaurants out there.
2	this place had an issue w/ holding a reservation.  my buddy made a reservation and each time he called to confirm it, they said it they never heard of our party.  that's shady.  anyways, when we finally got there, there was a reservation but we really didn't need it as it was really empty and it was a friday night.  we sit down and we got some really slow and lazy service.  we sat on down and ordered our food.  the meaties had the orange peel chicken, red curry chicken and honey walnut shrimp.  the veggies had pad thai and i'm not sure since i didn't really have anything from those selections.  the red curry was good, orange peel was decent and the walnuts in the honey walnut were over caramelized and got stuck in my teeth.we got a crappy sake recommendation that literally tasted like bitter water.  yuck!  we did get some dessert but that wasn't decent at best.  one was a rich chocolate cake and the other was a "heavenly" white cake.  sounds good in theory but just alright.the place felt like it was trying to be a PF Chang's but doesn't come close.  the weird thing is that the place tries to push thai food as its specialty but it's really not and has a lot of chinese plates.  so a confused restaurant w/ a schizo menu.  find some place else to eat...
1	THAIFOON IS CLOSED!I heard rumors, but I drove by tonight just to see for myself.  Sure enough, sign is down and space is completely empty.  Do you think it was because of the 2 star yelp reviews?On the other hand, DISH is open!  Review on that coming soon :)
