5	I just have to say LaShawn is the best!  She has been doing my hair for a  few years now. She is sweet, professional and most importantly great at what she does!  I definitely recommend her! !
5	I absolutely love La!I had searched for years trying to find someone who actually listens to what I want as far as hair color and doesn't turn it orange. She is attentive and honest! she is always listening to you carefully and suggests the best options for your specific hair.La has been doing my hair for a couple of years now and I wouldn't have it any other way! She is a hair color goddess! I get perfect blonde high lights every time! She gets the perfect color instead of it looking brassy.  I couldn't imagine going to anyone else! I always have a fantastic experience!
5	I found LaShawn through Yelp when she was at another location. She had good reviews and was noted for her color correction. I had been going to the same person for years and I was no longer happy. I asked her several questions about the type of products she used, styling techniques, typical availability, and if she double-books. To my satisfaction she passed my questions. I have been going to her for a few years now and am very happy I made the move. She has never double-booked me. She is very flexible in scheduling and more often than not has time open when I need it. She uses name brand products and styling products. She also takes her time and does things correctly. I have long hair and its hard to find someone as patient as she is to make sure the color is correct. She has NEVER made a mistake. I am not the best with hair ling-o and sometimes it amazes me she knows what I am looking to have done with my limited knowledge of hair. She always gives me great tips and advice for styling and taking care of my hair so that it stays healthy. I think the best past about finding LaShawn was the fact that she really does care about what she does. She is always happy and friendly, very easy to talk to, on time, makes sure that you are satisfied with your hair and she is nice! I have never been to a salon where if they were getting a coffee or lunch, they offer you something. Have you? She brings customer satisfaction to a whole new level. If your shopping around for a hair stylist, you found a winner. Your welcome. ;-)
