2	I was working late shooting a bodybuilding show for Muscular Development magazine and got back to my room famished and there were only Dominos Pizza flyers in the lobby but I wanted to try something local instead so called up Vocelli's to have a pie delivered.Well the pizza arrived fairly quickly but man it was super greasy!  It didn't actually taste too bad but I guess greasy stuff can satisfy the munchies.  The price is right though and a good deal, but I'd suggest other options if I knew of any.  Not the best, but if you are starving and want something delivered this is one option...
3	I expected this pizza to taste a lot better than it did for how much I paid for it.  I really think papa john's would have been better (and cheaper!)  Two factors elevate it from 2 stars to 3:1) I love any pizza place that lets me put feta on my pizza and2) the delivery was ridiculously fast for a friday night.
1	I'm not a fan of the Vocelli's chain in general. They make mass-produced, cheap pizza. I suppose it's acceptable if you're planning a large party for starving people.This review is based on a specific order. Some of my lovely coworkers ordered boneless hot and boneless garlic wings for lunch.See my uploaded picture of what they received. That's right. Breaded chicken breast (cut in halves) with some red-hot dumped on top. Talk about lazy! Moreover, the garlic boneless "wings" tasted like chicken-flavored salt. Really gross. There are many other reasonably priced Italian pizza places that I would rather patronize.
5	I was on a business trip and after along day of traveling I just wanted some food delivered to my hotel.  I ordered a small Quattro cheese from the menu which was a 10" 6 slice pie. It was delivered fast and I was pleasantly surprised how fresh the ingredients were. The crust was cooked perfectly and The pecorino cheese made all of the other ingredients that much better. After a long day Vocelli's gave me a perfect  ending to a long day and one of the best pizzas I have had in a long while.
2	This is a good place given a very narrow set of circumstances. I'd recommend getting pizza here if you're on foot, and in between bars downtown, and want a quick refueling slice. But this is a D) all-of-the-above situation. It's not "quality" pizza by any stretch -- too doughy for my taste and a bit too oily. That said, it does provide a wealth of calories if you're in particular need. If you are in a situation where there are other pizza choices, though? If you're ordering delivery, for instance? Seek sustenance elsewhere. There are better pizza joints that will come to you.
1	below average pizza and below average customer service...........
