3	Came back for the holidays, and stopped by Beto's.  The pizza hasn't changed a bit, and it remains in my top three in the town.  However, can someone please teach the kids working there how to keep up an establishment?  Not once did I see someone clean tables or remove the number tags from the table.  We had to clean our own table.  The floor was littered with straw wrappers and napkins, especially under our table.  The bathroom was in shambles and my friend mentioned that the ladies room was out of tp.  Therefore--three stars, with the pizza saving the review from total damnation.
3	Being from Chicago, I'm a pizza snob.  Yeah, I know, it's like comparing apples to oranges, but still...this is my review for Beto's.  Anywhoo--this was a unique experience...the pizza comes out of the oven with just sauce, then mozzerella is piled on for a semi-melt addition.  Who would have thought of this!? The pizza itself was good, and the sauce decent, but the whole semi-melt, I'll have to get used to.  :-)  I'd be back for a second shot at it!
4	Square Pizza is a great Pittsburgh area thing that alot of people just don't understand Beto's is new to me there is Tons of Cheese and Pepperoni and great Sauce very generous with toppings a little expensive but well worth it.  If you like this pizza try Osso's in Washington PA.
5	Some of my favorite pizza on the planet. If you haven't had it remember, it is unique, don't walk in expecting 'factory' pizza. It is square cut and the cheese is put on after the crust and sauce are cooked. MONEY!If you are taking it out get the cheese on the side, we even get 'extra cheese' a lot of the time.Toppings: most toppings on the pizza are put on after it is cooked also. I usually go straight cheese ( not a fan of cold pep or mushrooms) The sause is old school nothing fancy but darn good, nice chunks of tomatos in the sauce.  If your in town worth the experience, if you live near by...lucky you!
1	From reading other reviews and dining guides, it looks like this is very much a hit or miss place. Either you love pizza with toppings thrown on after cooking, or you don't. I fall into the later category: I didn't like it at all.I ordered a slice of cheese pizza and a grilled chicken salad. For the pizza, the crust was salvageable after I pushed aside a good quantity of cheese (most of it). The salad was...nothing short of horrific. Overloaded with fries and (big surprise) more cheese, getting to the lettuce and other toppings took some digging. Eventually, I found bland tomatoes and shredded iceberg lettuce hidden far below.I don't get this place.
5	Beto's is a love or hate place.  I love it.  Great crust, lots of topping, sauce with chunks of tomato.  If you want a "classy place" go somewhere else.  If you want high-end pizza then go somewhere else.  If you want good blue-collar pizza that is tasty and cheap this is the place.By default the toppings (cheese included) are thrown on after the fact and come out raw.  That's OK with me but if you add the magic word "baked" as in "I'll have three cuts pepperoni baked" they will put the toppings on and put the pizza back in the oven until it melts.  It is still awesome.the italian sub is also great.  Ask them to add pepperoni, it's worth it.  I've been going there since 1994 and am indebted to the guy that took me there for lunch. If you think it is a dive now, you should have seen it then.definitely worth a stop if you are doing a pizza tour of Pittsburgh.
3	I'm a N.Y. thin crust guy.  This pizza is the antithesis of N.Y. style pizza so I didn't really get it.  It's just not my taste but it may be yours so read on.I went with a born & raised Pittsburghian who hasn't lived in the 'burgh for a decade.  He had fond memories of this place so late one night we set out for Beto's.  He was surprised to find that the place is now housed in a fairly new upgraded building giving off a somewhat upscale vibe.Even though it was after midnight, they were still serving take out... so hooray for their late night hours.  We orders some "cuts" (Pittsburgh's way of saying "slices") to go and ate them in our car in the parking lot.For the former Pittsburgher, the place may have changed, but the pizza tasted just as he remembered.  Tangy sauce, cuts in rectangular shape, crust was bready but had some crunch on its underside.  The unique thing about this pizza is they take it out of the oven and then add the cheese... and alot of it.... so its not altogether melted when you eat it.  My friend loved it.To me it was unique but just okay.  I like a thinner crust, cheese melted and cooked all the way through, crust less bready.You may like it.  However, You just may need to have eaten it as a kid to truly love it.
4	Beto's is one of the childhood memories I'm most fondest of. I remember dear old dad and me getting in the car, driving to Banksville road and getting a few slices. I remember that crusty bottom crust, the simple sauce of just tomatoes, the cool cheese on the top, and gooey cheese closer to the hot crust. This is a unique pizza. You get crunchy, chewy, warm, and cool in each bite. Now if you take it home the cheese will melt,(by the way this is the best cold breakfast pizza you'll ever have!) but if you do like locals do, you'll eat it there and enjoy it the way it's supposed to be eaten. The bread fresh from the oven, cold, full fat mozzarella spread on top. Then when you order a slice or two, some very nice Beto pizza chef with a heavy hand will put at least a quarter pound of cheese on each slice. I must get to Beto's soon and have a slice or two and think back to childhood memories and dad.
2	Sorry, but our pizza was cold.  All nine cuts of it.  And the garlic wings didn't taste like garlic.  Maybe it was an off night?
2	There are only so many ways to make the American bastardized version of a pizza, but for some reason there are as many "pizza shops" as there are stars in a clear night sky. As they may be stunning to behold, from afar each one is pretty much the same thing. This shop is another place that tosses sauce and cheese on bread and serves it to their patrons. Ok, so they DO have a slightly different take, throwing the cold shredded cheese onto the pie as soon as the dough is out of the oven. This does not melt the cheese, and I do see how the pizza would be cold after heaping on the cheese.  Some customers may like it, me, not so much. I tried the Italian hoagie.  It was a good size and the meat was flavorful. But that's about it. They put oil on the sandwich, but no other dressing. I expected a nice tangy flavor to compliment the meat but was disappointed. My date ordered a hot sausage hoagie. I didn't sample it, he liked it, but it was way too messy. The bread got soggy and the darn thing fell apart. It looked more like tomato soup with sausage than a sandwich.  The staff did seem pretty nice, even trying to keep a smile while dealing with the stress of a busy crowded restaurant. The dining room is also a bit cramped. There are plenty of booths, but the tables are rather close together and hard to maneuver between. Hungry patrons also are constantly getting up to visit the soda fountain. When they are busy, it is a claustrophobic nightmare.
4	This is my Man's favorite pizza place.  When he has visited Pittsburgh in the past without me, he sends me picture messages of his slices.  On the plane ride coming into Pittsburgh last week, all he could talk about was Beto's.  So, when we landed we of course drove right over (after being awake all night on a red eye flight) so that I could taste all that is awesome in Beto's pizza slices.  It was very good.  We ordered the simple extra cheese pizza.  For those of you who are like me (from Oregon where I guess NO pizza is good), this pizza was hot crust, sauce, and minimal melted cheese, with fresh cold mozzarella piled HIGH on top.  I have never had a slice of pizza put in front of me with so much cold cheese piled on it before.  I wasn't exactly sure how to eat it, but figured it out, and it was very good, different but good.  I would take Beto's pizza over Oregon pizza any day.
1	This was just bad pizza.  For the money I expect that the toppings will be cooked on the pizza.  The cheese and pepparoni were added after the crust came out.  Also the mushrooms were out of a can.  Do not waste money here.
5	I was out with lesbian friend of Joe D the night before new years eve. Note to self: veggie burgers are not a meal for a man. After seeing Harry Potter 7.1 at the theatre we both proclaimed we were hungry for abnormal pizza. Let me explain, we didn't want to order generic, neighborhood delivery pizza. Pretty much I'm tired of tasteless, no crust pies that lack nuance. Since lesbian friend of Joe D lives in Dormont, Beto's was a natural. She's never had the beto's experience. So I told her to follow my lead, I ordered two slices, one with black olives, the other was plain, small drink. She ordered two slices , extra cheese and pepperoni. I forgot to tell her, nay, I purposely didn't tell her about the cheese because I knew she'd turn her nose up at it because the idea of cheese not melted on a pizza would surely upset the planets and cause disruption in the space/time continuem. But it backfired on me and the one thing I didn't expect was her to order extra cheese. We sat down and I explained to her the total stupidity of ordering a large drink in a place that offers free refills. Order a small, it's way cheaper and this really sounds like a scene that could have played out on an episode of Seinfeld.Pizza time! The look on her face was one of shock, like mine when I realized that America was indeed stupid enough to elect George Bust for a second term. The cheese was piled high, and no visible evidence of anything under this massive mass of diary goodness. Like a trooper she picked up a slice and dived in. She liked it!After we downed our slices I told her how sitting here has brought me back to my high school years. The pizza still has that same texture, creamy cool cheese, warm crunchy crust, and wonderful smell. Beto's is still my choice for best pie in the Burgh
2	This is the kind of pizza where the toppings are added after the crust is cooked. Cheese included. It's a novelty, and for some folks it's their favorite pizza. The taste is good, if a little weird, but for me, it didn't satisfy my pizza craving.This location was crowded and the wait was long, but the people were nice.
5	I love Beto's! Having said that, I acknowledge that their style of pizza is not for everybody. Do you love cheese? Do you love it so much that you want it so thick that it doesn't melt? I do! The sauce has chunks of tomato in it and the crust is thin and square cut. It tastes like no other pizza, but if you grew up eating it, nothing else is as good!
3	Blah blah blah, cold toppings, piled high cheese, yinzer childhoods, etc. Beto's gets three stars because it is inconsistent - and they themselves admit it. I've had pizza from here that is outright bad, I've also had pizza here which nudged against my all time top pizzas list. Usually there will be a cycle for me where I will have a really good slice, and convince myself I have to go back there - sometimes in the same week. Then I'll have a bad slice and forget about it for months, maybe even years. Then I'll be in the area again and the cycle will continue. The cold cheese doesn't bug me because you get so much (portion size here is far beyond ample. $1.25 for each slice - 4 is well beyond my maximum - gets you about a 1/3 of a bag of mozzarella, an extra $.50 will get you as much of whatever topping you feel like having). If you get take-out, it'll pretty much melt by the time you get home if you leave the box shut. One thing to note - this is my favorite place to get black olives on a pizza, since they don't go into the oven.
5	I absolutely LOVE betosWhen i first moved to Pittsburgh i actually hated it and refused to get the pizza, so i would just stick with the Italian Hoagie..... Yummmm it is probably the best hoagie in the burgh, no jokes.The pizza i grew to, and i assume that some people have to do the same. But boy did i grow to it fast once i did. I remember one day just trying a slice and was in love with it. I think it has to be the sauce, it is so so so so sweet and just abosultely amazing. The cheese is also amazing because it makes the hot cold sensation just that much better. I always get 2 slices, 1 mushroom 1 plain and an italian hoagie with lettuce pickles mayo I truely cant wait to get back to the burgh to have some betosA down side to betos is it gets pricey if you eat alot. But hey if thats what good pizza costs then so be it, im happy with it
5	Say what you want about Beto's but it is certainly unique. You either love it or you hate it. I love it. But... this wasn't always the case. When I first went there, after hearing my boyfriend rave about it for years I was nervous to tell him what I actually thought. Cold cheese? What is this nonsense. But after the second trip it grew on me. Now I'm hooked. Like other people have said when you want pizza you get pizza. When you want Beto's you get Beto's. If you're in the mood for a typical Friday night quick pizza place this isn't going to do it for you. But, if you go in expecting it for what it is you may just enjoy it. Now it's always busy. If you want carry out call it in, as I've found myself waiting 25 minutes when I thought I'd swing by and pick up a few slices. If you want to eat in prepare to wait for a table at peak times. Then try to awkwardly make a mad dash to the next available table while competing with 4 other people.  Since I've been going in there most of the people working are nice. There's one bad apple who seems to be a total snot and I can't stand her waiting on me. But, there are a bunch of other nice ones to make up for her 'tude. I've heard the other food is great. I've only had the onion rings and they are awesome. So try it out if you don't like it you're not alone but if you love it you're a member of the cool kids club.
2	I tried the "cold cheese and toppings" slice that Beto's is famous for.  If you have heard about there style of serving pizza, and are wondering what the punch line is, there isn't one.   They make a big square tomato-sauce pizza and throw cold shredded cheese and other cold toppings on it, and that's it. There's no secret ingredient or special something  that makes it tastes like anything other than what you would get it you grabbed pizza fixings from your kitchen and forgot to bake them.   I guess a lot of people like it, and more power too them. But I don't get it. Ramblin' Boy didn't get it. I see zero reason to agree with people that say that this is the "best" pizza in the region.  Maybe their hoagies will be better.
3	I guess for what it is, a thick crust with a canned tomatoes and uncooked mid/low grade cheese, it was fine. It's just not my style of pizza. They do have some of the hottest wings I have every eaten, the very aptly named "after burners". The sauce is very tasty with an INTENSE slow burn.
5	You have to be goofy to not like this pizza. Their sauce is tangy and delicious, probably the best I ever had, and The crust is perfectly crunchy not doughy and chewy which I cant stand. Truly unique and worth a try. I will be back.
4	Beto's Pizza is definitely my go-to pizza in Dormont, even though I have to hop in my car and drive down there. Trust me, the drive back always seems like it takes forever, because I feel so weighed down from their delicious pizza.Beto's is a little unorthodox when it comes to your traditional pie of pizza. First, they sell pizza by the square slice ( which isn't so unorthodox, I know) and second their pizza comes out with the cheese uncooked on top of the hot crust, along with any other toppings you might fancy. So, yes, you will eat your pizza with uncooked cheese on it. And yes, YOU WILL LIKE IT.Beto's breaks the holier-than-thou commandments of pizza with their methods of pizza production, and while indulging yourself with their pizza, it never felt so right.Try eating more than four pieces, I dare you.
2	Canned green peppers!?! Way too much cheese. The yinzers seem to like it. The average BMI in that place was probably close to 30 and no wonder; the food is incredibly unhealthy. The pizza crust tasted like Pizza Hut. Maybe this place gets good reviews because it's a unique twist on unhealthy; loads of uncooked mozzarella.
2	Wow, just wow. That was without a doubt the worst "pizza" I've ever had in my life. Maybe you would like it. Do you like all of your toppings out of a can? I didn't even know you could get canned green bell peppers. Do you like your slices of pizza to be covered with a huge several inch thick mound of uncooked mozzarella cheese? If answer is yes, then maybe this place is for you. It is definitely not for me.
4	Ok , I have lived here in Pittsburgh most of my life , And I LOVE Pizza.Beto's is a Pittsburgh Icon but defiantly nowhere near the top pizzeria.But you have to have your Beto's "FIX" once in a while.I usually get 4 cut's with Pepperoni , and you  get your money's worth. Plenty of Pepperoni & Cheese. If you do not like the un-melted cheese , wait a little , it will melt.As for you pretentious types , Pizza is NOT a health food. If you need a Salad , maybe go back to California and eat your wheat grass.I Like Beto's and I will recommend it to folks , Just not every week !
4	Some people don't know that Beto's Pizza is identical to DiCarlo's Pizza.  The big difference is that DiCarlo's Pizza is much less expensive.  The DiCarlo's Pizza in Elm Grove on the SE side of Wheeling is very good.  The very best DiCarlo's Pizza is in Steubenville, out near Wintersville.I've never thought the people at the counter at Beto's were very friendly.  It's also hard to find a table because the waitresses are very slow to clean off tables after other customers vacate them so someone else can use the table.
3	I'm a fan of Betos. I like the fact that the cheese isn't always melted. The slices are square and the prices are reasonable. Ranch dressing or bleu cheese and you're good to go! The pizza itself is simple: crust, sauce, and cheese. I'm pretty certain that you have to go pick it up, or that's just been my traditional order of things. It's been a while since I've had their pizza, but it's definitely worth the trip.
4	Not like any other pizza you have ever had. The crust is crispy and the cheese is uncooked. I hated it at first...but now I live it!  You might have to try it a few times. I will keep coming back. And the price is so cheap! $1.45 for a slice? Kidding me?
3	So on our first night here in Pittsburgh it's getting late and we are hungry. Everythings closed at the point and it's only after 10 pm on a Sunday. We accidentally end up at Beto's and plan to get a medium pizza. They inform us the sell pizza by the slice and it come different from traditional pizza. The pizza crust is cooked with sauce. Once removed from over COLD cheese is put on top with cold topping of your choice. At this point I'm thinking about a sub! My wife decides to try the cold and they tell me they can make them hot if we wish so I get 3 hot ones...I decide I atleast need to bite hers to try this out. We are from Ct...and are accustomed to not only the best pizza in the world but it also being hot. I try my hot version of their pizza and it's just ok. Then I try the cold slice they are known for and it's pretty awesome. I finish my hot slice and we get 2 slices to go...the way they make them normally. I have to confess I should have gone with my first instinct which was just to try it the way they make it....after all it's kinda the point of going to new places...you should not only experience the culture but the food aswell! A must try if you passing through and have never had it like this before.
4	My first half cooked Pizza!So I have heard about Beto's for quite some time now. From my main man, and Dormont's own Anthony Pecora (now), to my other main man, Nick Rockwell, who used to play at Dormont park and eat the pizza as a kid.My first imprecision, "Damn, they didn't cook my pie!" I have heard a lot about this pizza but know one has ever said anything about a "Raw": slice of pizza! But to no avail, it was an illusion. It seems as if they cook there pizza and then top it with the toppings....? Strange..? Well, yes it is strange to this jedi, but Beto's knows what they are doing! The crust is in word, umm, ahhh, AWESOME! Nice and crunhcy, light and flaky, and also has the moistness of a biscuit.......if that makes any sense. Sauce is also good, nothing crazy, just good ole pizza sauce. The sauce reminds me of Kiddyland Pizza at Kennywood, or it has the feel of Della Sala's Pizza (Verona). I went with my favorite pizza combination, Mushroom & Onion. I was excited because they use canned mushrooms and loaded them on. Call me weird, but i love canned mushroom on my pizza. Another delight, the onion was sliced into rings. Onions HAVE to be sliced into rings for pie....plain an simple. Diced? One pissed of jedi! Like I said before, raw toppings, so it was a shock to bite into raw cheese and onion. The raw onion went well with the whole Beto's thing they have going on. I was pleased.I will be back to Beto's and it is a great change of pace. I do not know if it is blaspheme to order the pie "double cooked", but I would like to try that. It would definitely be a knife & fork pie.  * JEDI APPROVED *
1	This "pizza" was the worst food I have ever eaten.
5	So you walk in and proceed to the counter.  You order the pizza with whatever toppings you so desire.  You get handed your drink cups and a number to put on your table and try and find a seat.  Maybe a 15 to 20 minute wait for your pizza.  Your pizza comes out and...... "what the hell is this?  Take this back!  My cheese ain't melted and the pepperoni ain't cooked!"  Chill my man.....take a few deep breaths....it'll be ok.....just TASTE it......there ya go.....holy cheese right?!  What a blend....It's all over the place and people actually order extra!  That sauce, nice.....sweet and chunky....yummy.  And the crust....the crispy, chewy wonderful foundation that holds it all together.   It's a bit different.  But different in the best way.  There's some great pizza out there.  Different styles and different tastes.  Do yourself a favor.  If you're in the Banksville Rd./ Dormont area stop in this place....it's just delicious.
2	I don't get it. Cold cheese and cold pepperoni on my pizza? Why does Pittsburgh have to be so weird? I just got accustomed to fries and coleslaw on my sandwiches but a guy has to draw the line somewhere. And what's with everyone bagging up their extra cheese and taking it home? My gut tells me this would be an awesome pizza if only they'd cook it.
4	This is a place you either love or hate   I love it!  every time I am in Pittsburgh I have to stop in and get enough so I have take home.  The pizza is sold by the square slice.  The sauce is chunky tomato based and baked with cheese. period. after it comes out of the oven it is sliced and heaped with more cheese and what ever topping you want.  I suggest just sticking to the peperoni.  The toppings are not cooked, the cheese melts a bit but not all the way and the peperoni is lukewarm at best.  My mouth is watering while I write this.  You probably will not see 3 stars on any reviews.  Give it a shot
5	I love this place.  Every time I am town I have to stop and pick up a couple cuts.  I even take them home with me to Baltimore.  They are great even days later.  Coming to town in a couple weeks and am I definitely taking some home to my fiance.  Cheese cheese and more cheese please.  This is my favorite pizza ever.
5	You will either love it or hate it.  As a Pittsburgh native, I absolutely love it and it's my favorite pizza.They cook the pizza without the cheese and when it comes out of the oven, they put the cold cheese and toppings on the pizza. If you are eating there (and the pizza is best immediately out of the oven), the cheese will melt in your mouth as you are eating it.  The slices are big and they really load them up with cheese. Also, the sauce has huge tomato chunks in it, unless you ask for it without.As far as the actual restaurant, they made a major upgrade a few years ago and it is much more accommodating than it was before. Prior to the renovations, it was tiny with a few small booths and very little standing room.I believe this may be a strictly Pittsburgh thing because I have found nothing like this (other than a chain in West Virginia) that makes pizza this way. That being said, every time I visit Pittsburgh, Beto's is my very first stop after leaving the airport.
2	The pizza was fine. My issue is that, if you aren't like other pizza places with your pricing, you should maybe tell me that when I call to order a medium with two toppings. We ended up with a $36 pizza that will take us days to eat, when I THOUGHT I ordered a medium with pepperoni and sausage on half. All young kids working there. No professionalism. No explaination of anything. 50 cents per slice for every topping? Well yeah we got 14 slices, so do the math. NOT a medium. Boxed up horribly, so on our 3 minute ride home, the box was leaking grease out of the corner. I was so upset over spending nearly $40 on something that I thought would be cheap and easy, I couldn't even enjoy the pizza. Its just whatever pizza anyway. Save your money and go to Slice on Broadway. 1/3 of the price,  staff is wonderful,  and they have a liquor license and fair prices. Slice should get half the publicity this place gets. Never mind that I've lived in Pittsburgh all my life and have never heard of Betos until I moved 3 streets behind it. NOT a "Pittsburgh institution."
4	Great food and great pricing.
3	It's like fruit cake either you love it or hate it, very different I must say. I am so not for the cold uncooked toppings on my pizza, sorry I need melted cheese and hot toppings to please me.
1	No way. A ton of cold shredded cheese thrown on top of pizza? No no no. No beer either.
5	Been going here for years, and will continue...I agree with some of the others, you will either love it or hate it.. It's just different, but classic in its own way... Square cut pizza with cold toppings... So frigging good...just let the cheese melt.....
1	I knew the original owner of Beto's and she would be furious for what is being done to it, now.  If the pizza slice gets any smaller, you'll have to call it a breadstick.  There was almost NO meat, on my Italian hoagie, which used to be the best around.  Whoever recently took over, should be ASHAMED.  Betos now STINKS.
1	Worse than store freezer pizza. What with the cold cheese on top of hot pizza? Terrible. If you want quality; Fiori's is a few miles away.
4	I had not been to Betos in many many years.  Boy has the place grown up.  Still the same pizza that you will either love or hate.The Pizza here has the chesse and topings put on after they cook it so it melts some while you eat it.  Tastes really good.  I also has the apetizer sampler which was a lot of food for two people.Was not to crowded, but full Saturday at lunch.Highly recommended.
2	First off, had my boyfriend not told me that every topping on the pizza was cold (including the cheese!), I would have never known. They should really have an illuminated sign that advises the customers. I'm sure you have gathered that this pizza is kind of presented exactly like frozen pizza from the store except the bread is cooked. I think the appeal to this place is that it is different - Some people go to restaurants where you can cook your own food because it's different but the fact of the matter is that when I go out to eat, I don't expect to cook it myself and I don't expect it to come half cooked. Had this pizza been cooked, I feel like it would be subpar. The crust was very crispy and the sauce was a standard tomato (no extra hints of basil or pepper). The peperoni reminded me of the peperoni that comes in Lunchables - actually the whole pizza reminded me of a Lunchable (except a pie made of 28 cuts is $35.28 with $.50 per topping a CUT!) To be fair, each cut is $1.30 and you only need 3-4 to really, really be full.  They really lay on the toppings - about an inch of cheese, 20 slices of peperoni and a handful of banana peppers for just two cuts with toppings. I feel that you really need to be in the mood for Betos before you go there. When I am in the mood for pizza, I am heading for the flowing, stringy cheese and the flavors melting together before it hits my mouth. I would eat here again if I get the craving - some people in the restaurant had ordered other menu items that looked to be pretty good. I wouldn't take somewhere here as a Pittsburgh Destination though. There is about 10 tables in the restaurant (booths/tables) ... clean/reputable.
4	The thing about Beto's is you either love it or you hate. I personally love it. The uniqueness of the cold toppings on the hot pizza is something that Beto's does perfectly. I've been a loyal customer for 10+ years and have continued to order 3 cuts with extra cheese every time. One of the biggest perks to Beto's is that it's family owned by a great group of people. This place is sure to not disappoint.
4	The pizza deserves 5 stars, it's not like any other pizza on the planet. Nice hot crispy crust with cold cheese& toppings thrown on at the last minute before serving. Definitely an awesome experience, but the bad... I've had the steak hoagie which cannot be more straight forward, steak-um(unseasoned) LTO and cheese. Just stick to the pizza. You won't be disappointed
5	Ohio valley square pizza by the slice...or cut(I should know better!) Crispy crust, chunky piping hot tomato sauce, cold cheese....but you have to eat it there! Loses its appeal if cheese melts and crust gets soggy.My family has been eating here since they ran it out of the old building next door! A real craving-type pizza with an acquired taste. Also a family of 4 can get out of here for around $25.
5	I've had a rough day. A really rough day.  I'm not even hungry. I really want to do nothing but sleep. But I CAN'T. You know why? Betos pizza is down the street! I can't miss out on the amazingness that is betos. This has been a staple in my family for several generations, and i try to stop here whenever I can. The secret to their pizza- a combination of regular, melted cheese and then a whole bunch of cold cheese on top. It creates a beautiful harmony of dairy delights. This is deserving of a normal picture.
4	A different style (love or hate) pizza. A square cut thicker crust with cold shredded cheese on top. It's different enough that it is a good chance of pace to your standard pie.
4	Good pizza as well as other great menu options.  Good prices too.
5	I have been eating Beto's pizza since i was a little girl.  Our family would pick up 4 cuts for carry-out, but we werent allowed to open the box until the cheese had melted a bit.I make it a point to stop by whenever i am in town.  There is something about the fresh cheesy goodness, the crispy crust, sauce with big chunks of tomato and pepperoni ( even though it is not cooked) that makes my tastebuds and my heart sing.  Either you love it, or you just cant figure out what it is because it's so unlike any other pizza you will have eaten and you will hate it.  To be clear, they bake the pizza and sauce and when it comes out of the oven they load on the cheese and any other toppings.  The cheese melts a bit, but not entirely.  There is a lot of cheese - no need to order extra cheese!  Good subs as well.
4	Tiny little ordinary looking Beto's somehow manages to be an interesting pizza place. How? Well, remember the pizza lunchables you used to get as a kid, where you put all the cold toppings on top of your little pizza shell? That's essentially Beto's pizza, only about 50 times better obviously. It comes in massive slices with cheese and toppings spilling out all over the place. Their sandwiches are massive and delicious. (They will toss those in the oven to melt the cheese.) The place is super tiny, and it can be difficult to find a table, but we've never been left standing, and I've been there a decent amount, normally with the Sunday lunch crowd.
2	Didn't live up to my expectations at all.  Waste of time and money.  Sloooooow service.
3	Odd.... I'd say it's not bad, but it's not good either. Super sloppy and there's far better pizza elsewhere. The dining room atmosphere is weird... It's like where Sugar Bear took June on their date to the cafeteria but without fluorescent lights. Plastic forks, plastic knives, and paper plates with crying kids and no beer.  I'll pass next time.
5	We only moved to Pittsburgh last year, so we are far from locals, but it only took one visit for us to become devotees of Beto's.I understand the polarizing nature of a Beto's style pizza, but we definitely have established ourselves at the far THUMBS UP end of the spectrum.By not cooking the pizza with the toppings, it preserves the fantastic crust, by not allowing the oil from melted cheese to make it soft and gooey.  Instead the crust remains fresh, firm and flavorful.  They sauce is deliciously fresh and tangy, with lots of nice chunks of tomato.  And the toppings, we get either just cheese or cheese/pepperoni and generous and delicious.It may take a little getting used to, and you may have to wait because of its popularity, but Beto's is worth it.  As someone who has enjoyed NYC and Chicago style pizzas at their best, Beto's has redefined great pizza for my family and me.Enjoy!
5	As a lifelong devotee of Chicago deep dish pizza, I was a bit skeptical when my uncle took me here on a trip to Pittsburgh a few years ago. "Cheese is supposed to be melted", I thought. Sure enough, the pizza was great. Enough to win me over, even. The crunchy crust combined with the warm sauce and cold cheese piled high was like nothing I've ever had before. When I came into town again this past month, Beto's was my first stop. Do go here.
5	Thinking cold toppings is going to tast great sounds odd....... But, this is great pizza. When you commit to doing something as odd as cold toppings you are going to strike out or hit a homer. Betos hit a Grandslam. Please stop in. It's a dive but it's outrageously good!!!
3	The pizza is ok. The tomato chunks are delicious and the pepperoni too. But they don't bake it and the stuff all slides off the crust. Overloaded too much with cheese . Not horrible but certainly not the best.
5	This is a place where people either love it or hate it. Beto's offers thin, square cuts. They bake the tray of pizza with a handful or two of cheese. When it comes out they pile fresh cold cheese and toppings. If you eat it right away you get the unique flavors of warm crust, hot sauce, cold shredded cheese & cold toppings. It's a unique style & in my opinion ranks Beto's in the top 3 pizza spots in Pittsburgh.In addition to their pizza, I think Beto's has the best Italian hoagies in Pittsburgh. I believe their cheese is what elevates their food. Absolutely amazing!
5	Okay this place is freaking wild. If your from my generation than you can remember Ellio's rectangular frozen pizza. This place brings me back. Any place that goes there, then you know they're doing something right. If you go here you will be in cheese heaven. I agree with the other people's review that you will either love this place or absolutely hate it. I'd have to give it a thumbs up but instead of calling it pizza, call it beto's raw cheese baked bread haha. They cook the bread sauce/tomatoes and then throw a heaping cheese pile after your meal is cooked. Then they throw on any toppings. I call it raw cheese pizza. It is good. Crust is crispy and the sauce is delicious. Eatability I'd give a 2/10. The whole point of pizza is that you can bend it in half and then stuff it in your face. Here it's more of a fork and knife operation. The cheese falls right off because it's not melted so you end up slurping it up like spaghetti. I dig it though. Good job beto's. Way to stand out from the mediocre pizza that plagues pittsburgh.
5	Best pizza in the land (Steeler's Nation that is), enough said.  Eat it there for the crisp crust, if you like crust a little more forgiving get it to go and let it soak up the juices from the San Marzano tomatoes.  Another bene to having the pizza on premise, the cold sprinkled cheese.  To die for.Coming at peak times is risky, as the dining room is small and seating is first come first served.  I love this place, and have been eating here for 25 years, since I was a little guy.  I would say Fiori's is a close second, but when I am in town and have limited time...Beto's it is!
5	Good stuff. It's places like this that make me almost interested in moving out of sunny Southern California and into Pittsburgh. We don't have pizza like this here.I've been to back to Pittsburgh like 10 times and I've stopped by here every time.A couple cuts of cheese pizza will fill you up. Yummy,Don't order extra cheese. A normal cut will have more than enough cheese.
1	My husband and I had this pizza for the first time last night.  He suggested it after hearing recommendations from friends.  This was the most disgusting excuse for a pizza I've ever had! We ordered pizza for pick up.  The girl told my husband 20 minutes and he picked our pizza up in a timely fashion.  The best thing about this pizza was the crust.  That was it! It was cold! It was not even warm like it had been warmed up before my husband picked up our order.  We got two extra toppings, which were just heaped in a pile on the middle of our slices.  These were cold too. And mushrooms from a can!!! Why am I paying extra for disgusting canned vegetables.  The sauce had absolutely no flavor and was completely cold. I would never go to this place ever again.  It was a lazy excuse for a pizza.  Who gives someone a COLD pizza for pick up?!?!?
5	Nowhere else quite like betos. If you love cheese and like trying something different this place is awesome.  I grew up in Pittsburgh and get back rarely,  but when I do I go out of my way to grab a couple slices!
4	I love Beto's pizza! It is not always the same though. Occasionally you get a day when it's off. It is also not for everyone. Tons of unmelted cheese, whole tomatoes, very crispy crust. If your up to try something different, Beto's is it. Their hoagies are also very good. They aren't super expensive, and I like how you can get as many cuts as you want. Sometimes I just don't want a whole pizza!
5	I really enjoy Beto's Pizza because it's truly unlike any other pizza you've had! The dough is hot and the toppings are placed on cold! Be careful, the car ride home really can make the toppings all melt together, which makes the pizza still very good, but not as good as the unique tasting cold toppings that you go to Beto's for! The pizza can get pricey with additional pricing for many of the toppings, but it is totally worth it! The ingredients are so fresh and the pizza is so yummy!
5	The best. Not as good as it was in the early 70's but still love it.
5	One of my favorite pizza spots in Pittsburgh.  Been coming here for years.  The only downside is if you go and they are just putting a pizza into the oven.  The wait to grab your cuts can be a long wait.  Well worth it because of how damn good it is.
5	Addicted to this place. What a unique burst of flavors when you bite into a slice of Beto's pizza. Cold cheese, hot sauce and crunchy crust truly speak to my mouth's palate. I always find an excuse to stop her. Last time we had a steak hoagie too. It was big and full of flavor as well. It's no wonder they have been around for a long time. LOVE. LOVE. LOVE BETO'S. ~ Dionne Malush, Pittsburgh Realtor
5	Either you get it or you dont.  The cold cheese might sound weird, the toppings being cold might not sound good, just shut up and try it.  This pizza is unlike any you've had before but if you like pizza it is a must have.  I dont make a trip to Pittsburgh with out stopping by Betos.  The toppings are plentiful, the cheese is ridiculous and the crust is super crispy.  Love this place.
4	Love the food... Service could be better, waited almost an hour for two cuts of cheese pizza, but it was great
