5	Big clean well groomed park.  Some rude dog owners don't pick up after their animals but otherwise a great addition to the feel and ever-growing charm of downtown.
4	Fun place to take the puppy.
4	Love this park! it's a nice green space in the midle of downtown. every afternoon you will find runners jogging the path around the park, kids and parents playing on the playground, people playing volleyball on the sand court, and people walking their dogs. compared to where I used to live in Austin, dog owners here are VERY responsible. I rarely ever see someone who doesn't pick up after their pet. (note: the park does not have stations that provide doggy poop bags, you have to bring your own)only reason this park doesn't get five stars is because there are quite a few homeless people who use the area for sleeping or hanging out. if you walk under the bridge toward the library you walk right into a HUGE crowd of homeless people hanging out outside the library. it can be a little intimidating.there are two shaded ramadas in the park which you can reserve for parties or other events for a fee. the information for how to reserve one is posted on the ramadas themselves.
4	For Phoenix, this is a pretty sweet stroll with a view of downtown and Phoenix Public Library.  Felt great to get away from all the concrete. The grass felt like luscious British grassy hills. Although, a bit sketchy since it is downtown and some stragglers here and there. Still felt safe.
1	Went to take my dog to the dog park.... no signs saying where it was. Walked around,  saw lots of homeless people and finally found it. I have a lab mix and the large dog area was closed due to flooding....really?? So it was early and I was frustrated after trying to find the place and to see it was closed, I went to the small dog area... only 3 dogs in there. Everyone was fine and a couple larger dogs came in. Then the management comes an posts a nasty gram saying no large dogs in the small dog area....I get it but it was rude and the dogs were sticking to either their owners or to 'their kind' (small with small and large with large)  first and last time I will ever go there.
3	I come here every October for the annual Oktoberfest German Beer Festival.  There are ample parking, but if the parking by the park is full, you will have to park somewhere far and walk over.  It's also within walking distance to the light rail station near-by.  Try not to be in the park after sunset as there are a lot of homeless people sleeping near the park.
4	I don't know how it feels in summer, but now it's great. I love the thick warm air with a cooling wind in the evening. It smells like blooming flowers and fresh grass. It's very romantic. We love to walk and talk about different staff with my husband. The only thing I hope they'll change - absence of the benches.
4	I love a good dog park - and this one has quite a lot to offer.  Lots of bags for the poop, drinking fountain for dogs and humans of all sizes, shade for everyone when it gets too hot - and a separate park for large and small dogs.  Other than that, trying to maintain the grass and keeping it clean are important and neither were a problem here.  While looking for it, I stumbled upon the Japanese Friendship Garden - which I immediately added to my list of places to visit without a doggie in tow.  I will be back!
