4	This is my favorite of all the Expresso Royale locations I have been to. It is in a lovely Spanish-style building and the interior has beautiful arches as well as all sorts of nooks and crannies for studying. The drinks (hot chocolate, coffee, etc.) are almost always good and they have all sorts of treats as well. At night it is sometimes filled with the aromas of baking pastries. Caveat- it can get darn crowded and during peak hours it can be hard to find a plug for laptops.
4	Not a bad coffee shop on the UIUC campus, just across from the Krannert Center. I guess there's nothing really too special about it, but they have a pretty large selection of coffees (including fair trade ones), and their espresso drinks are good. They also have a good pastries (the scone I had was tasty). Plenty of seating and a pretty nice interior makes a good place for hanging out for a while or studying.
5	I'm a coffee drinker, not all these crazy half-cap-blah-blah,etc. So, the coffee is not bad (cheaper, maybe better at Krannert), but the nice thing is the actually shop. The decor is cozy. Decent number of tables, comfy chairs and couches. Really convenient if you're in the Science buildings on campus. And free wifi, which at the time I thought was normal, but have since found to be a bonus. I pretty much wrote my thesis hanging out there, so much better than an office or library. Didn't appreciate it until I moved to an area dominated by Starbucks.
4	"IF YOU HAVE TO POOP PLEASE USE THE BATHROOM UPSTAIRS," screams a hastily chalked up message on the blackboard in the men's room.  "THIS TOILET CLOGS EASILY AND THERE WILL BE POOP WATER ALL OVER THE FLOOR.  THANK YOU."That is reason alone to give this place four stars, for upfront yet not bitchy messages in the john, courtesy of the ER staff.  This ER I like a bit more than the others, it's closer to classes, has a little hidden (yet kinda dingy) nook upstairs for studying (and apparently pooping, if you're a guy), and super-friendly baristas.  The fruit smoothies are good, the space doesn't feel as cramped as others, and the overall vibe is friendly and inviting.  You'll usually find me here catching a half hour break between classes and nursing my second commuter mug of coffee of the day.  I make no bones about my frou-frou, bourgeois need for caffeination.  I'm a grad student, and I will cut you if you deny me my cafe, capiche?
4	my favorite of the espresso locations by far.  and i have my sanskrit teacher to thank, who purposefully holds her office hours here to fuel the buzz.  this is perhaps the only coffeeshop on campus where i can get a good study groove going, poring over vowel and consonant noun declensions over a $2 pot of english breakfast tea with a skoch of hot milk and honey.  the coffee is good too, you can tell the staff here actually cares about the way they brew their coffee, unlike other locations!!i also enjoy the loft space up the precarious stairs - dimlit, lumpy couches, awkward bathrooms. win win!
4	Nice atmosphere, and right next to the beautiful Krannert center.  Also, they have $2 lattes on Wednesdays!
1	Manager, "K", should do a better job of providing customer service--particularly in handling customer complaints and ensuring the safety of her customers' "lost/found belongings." Left my scarf here three days ago on a weekday at 4 pm. Called at 5 pm. Talked to a female staff member on the phone. Described the table and chair where I had left the scarf.  The female staff member said that she saw it and assured me that she  would hold on to it. For the next three days, I ran around trying to retrieve that scarf, visiting the coffee shop three times and leaving 2 phone messages that were not returned by the manager. Later, when I finally managed to get the manager on the phone from the store, she told me that it had all been a "mistake"; they had never found that scarf. Didn't bother explaining the discrepancy between a staff member saying that she had found a scarf matching the description right where I had left it and later the scarf "magically" disappearing. Been going to this coffee shop for 4 years despite its mediocre coffee and dingy (actually dirty) interior because of its prime location but no more.
2	The employees here are incredibly rude.  They act annoyed when you place an order, like why would you do such a thing?  The baked good I ordered had to have been a week old.  When I went told the guy at the register, he told me I could pick a new one.  Unfortunately they were all blocks of cement. He simply said sorry and watched me throw mine away.  Luckily he was kind enough to give me a refund when my fiance went back up and demanded it (despite angry mutterings by the nearby barista).  Because of the good coffee and atmosphere, I'm giving two stars, not one.
5	Dear girl working at espresso,I am so sorry I barged into your store a half hour before you opened on a Saturday and practically demanded you make me a large vanilla latte so that I could make it through 11 hrs of volunteering. I'm not very good without caffeine before 10am, hence my inability to read a clock correctly. You were nicer than you should have been and your drink helped me get through two lectures on nuclear science with a room of 20 young boys.  Thank you so much.
4	This was my place for studying/pre-class caffeination/awkward first dates back when I was in college, so this review might be a little nostalgia-biased.  But still, these three facts remain:Decent coffee: Check.Reasonable prices: Check.Abundance of seating: Check and mate.I haven't actually experienced any rude baristas here, and I gotta say, their sandwiches are pretty good if you need to grab lunch in a hurry.  Keep on keepin' on, Espresso.
5	This location has really stepped it up over the summer. I went in for the first time since being away for the summer and all of the tables were suddenly painted with interesting/quirky/colorful designs. Also the mood lighting added to the patio combined with the flowers make it a cozy place to chill out on a summer/fall night. Keep up the good work.
1	I can't believe that people are so in love with this place! It just goes to show that most people have no idea what a good cup of coffee is. While Espresso Royale has a good environment the actual drinks are absolute crap. It took them a minute to make my burnt Americano. Believe it or not, Americanos should never taste burnt. They have no idea how to make lattes, they just warm the milk up and pour in tons and tons of syrup...It pains me sooooo much that Espresso is basically the only convenient place on campus to get a cup of coffee... I'll admit that I walk in their with my head down but I cringe when I drink their coffee...Basically Espresso Royale is barley a step above Starbucks, and that's only because they have a really good tea selection. They have a complete monopoly at U of I... overpriced pastries and shit coffee... *sigh*
4	I absolutely LOVE this espresso.  The atmosphere is perfect for meeting a friend, studying, warming up with a cup of coffee and a good book.  The prices are a bit high but I think the overall experience is worth it.
5	This Espresso is definitely the best Espresso Royale at U of I. The baristas are AWESOME and have GREAT senses of humor. The new manager has really stepped it up in terms of making it a really interesting and charasmatic place to be ( if a store could be charasmatic). If you're used to starbucks and their sweet sweet coffee, it'll take some time to get used to the drinks but in the long run its what coffee should taste like. The enviornment is worth it in itself and the pastries are baked and sandwiches are made fresh everyday. Plus their soups kick @ss. love it.
4	Let's see.. I have very mixed feelings about Espresso. I would give it a 3.5 stars if I could but I'm feeling generous today so 4 stars it is. This is definitely a "I'm in a rush.. gotta grab something quick" type of place.. Wouldn't be my coffee shop of choice. The things I like at ERC:-Lemonade-Turkey Pesto Sandwhich- Croissants (Flaky on the outside and nice and moist on the inside ;])-smoothies (love forbidden fruit)-Tea Bread.. and I'll just say the rest of the pastry because I've never been disappointed with any of it-Passion Fruit tea-Regular house blend coffee-Italian soda!What I don't like at ERC: - Lattes. I always feel like they burn their espresso. the taste is just wrong sometimes- chai latte. A little too milky for my taste- matcha latte. Not enough Matcha.. too milky again and it has this weird sweet after tasteI guess, from looking at my list, stay away from the lattes and everything else is fine! I love love love lattes so it's disappointing that I can't enjoy their lattes when I go to ERC.
4	Good place to get a quality cup of joe.  Not my fave, but certainly good for a chain.  Lots of tasty pastries and baked goods (some made in-house, others by a local bakery...all usually very good), sandwiches, soups, parfaits, and packaged goodies.  The brewed coffee is maybe a little weak for my taste, but I also like my coffee particularly strong so I usually just get a red-eye to up the ante.  I especially like their Wednesday special...$2.25 any size latte (50 cents for a flavor)...and if you ask, they will give you the full 3 shots in any of the sizes.  I am particularly fond of a small 3 shot latte for my Wednesday afternoon seminar!
4	I have spent way too much time and cash at this Espresso Royale.It's pretty solid for what it is.  It's a good place to grab a cheap coffee, wrap, pastry, or soup.  Cafe Paradiso used to be my go-to for coffee, and I would walk further to get it, but I was disappointed the last couple of times I went there.  Espresso's coffee is good enough and decently priced.  Especially when teaching, I appreciated the cheap latte Wednesdays.  The special lattes are a bit too sweet for me, so I usually just drink the coffee of the day or plain ones now.  The pastries are pretty good and are really big.  The wraps are also fairly tasty.  The soup is surprisingly good, even though I think it starts as a frozen block each morning.  Oh well, the majority of the soups are tasty and they have a big variety.  In fact, for price/tastiness value, I prefer their soups over the Bread Company next door.  The jerk chicken is really, really good.  The red pepper, the mushroom, and the lentil soups are also good.  Chili's no bad, either.  There's a few soups that aren't as good - I don't really like their gumbo - but it's pretty cheap for a quick food fix near campus.There's good study space in the back here, and I spent a lot of time doing homework or studying my first year in grad school.  It is still a good spot to grab a few minutes' break from lab and some caffiene.  Music is usually alternative and not too distracting.  Service is usually quick and good.  It gets busy in the morning and around lunch, even so.
4	I need to revisit my review for Espresso Royale. Maybe I've gotten a little softer during my time in Chambana, but it's growing on me, the baristas are friendly enough and the drinks aren't crazy expensive. $2.00 lattes on Wednesday are pretty nice too! Sometimes they try to make a heart in the foam, and that gets me every time.  If you can actually get a table here, you'll find that they are painted all whimsical like. Upgrade to 4 stars!
4	Wonderful atmosphere to study and meet with friends. Lots of seating and a great location with good drinks. I'm giving it 4 stars because I've had problems with the workers not greeting you up front and having to wait or going to find them.
4	I used to work here. It's a great place. I've tasted a lot of combinations and miss my caffeine fixes without having to pay. This is a great place to study as it's open late and has lots of snacks and drinks!25 cents off if you bring your own cup. There are monthly and weekly specials to look out for too.My handpicked items that I love:- raspberry almond scones- chicken salad sandwiches (love the grapes in them)- blackberry mochas (iced or hot) monin blackberry syrup is to die for- yerba mate latte (I get it iced with a dash of sugar or syrup) WHERE ELSE CAN I GET THIS? Nowhere that I've found...so I make my own.- chai latte (by far the best place for chai, so much honey and spice)- their huge selection of tea - free refills of hot water by the way- fresh baked zucchini bread- pumpkin spice / pumpkin pie latte - this is the stuff. Make sure it is monin syrup, not davinci or torani.Other people seem to love:- flavored iced teas (peach, mango or any of the bazillion flavors available)- the free donut or pastry handouts at the end of the night- arnold palmers- iced coffee (it's basically made from a whole lot of espresso and added water if you didn't know)- blended drinks (vanilla, coffee, fruit smoothies)- spanish latte (sweetened condensed milk with your latte)
4	Decent coffee. Fine service. Nostalgia in the worst way. A buck off for having to stand around because someone was chatting outside is reasonable. Nice seating outdoors. OK cracked seats and biting flies but so what. This is my coffee spot and I'm stickin to it, never mind that I live 1500 miles away.
3	I am going to knock my previous review down to three stars for Espresso.  The reason is that their coffee has been declining in quality in my opinion.   Back in the summer there was a little note about how their prices would be increasing to keep their usual levels of quality up.Well, the prices went up, all right.  The coffee now has even more of the burnt taste that Espresso Royale had before - I've noticed it with multiple coffees of the day.  The pastries are still pretty good overall, but the cinnamon rolls are very dry.  Soups are still really good and a decent value for near campus.
4	A staple in Champaign. Came back to visit... coffee wasn't as fabulous as I remember, but I got my coffee fix so I was happy. I'll always be a fan unless they get a lot worse.  But great location, cute interior, all the usual happenings of a nice coffee spot.
5	My friend took me here once because it's her favorite cafe. I completely understand why. The interior is beautiful and extremely comfortable. I wish there was a place like this by my house.
5	The fifth star is for sentiment. I can't even guess how much of my formative years I spent here with my high school friends, drinking tea or hot chocolate, eating baked goods, and talking. We would come here after school. We would come here during lunch. We would come here between exams. We doubtless irritated the actual University populace, but we definitely looked at Espresso Royale as our clubhouse.This is not one of those cafes where silent people with computers dominate the tables. Nor is it somewhere where someone with a paper to write would be driven out by chatter. There's a healthy balance among the customers between people who are there to work and people who are there to socialize. There's always interesting music playing and there's generally a comfortable hum of conversation in the air.Many of the cafes I've been to since moving away from Champaign-Urbana for good have (with noteable exceptions) paled in comparison. There's nothing like your first comfy chair and functional table hangout. Speaking of which, they have the perfect balance of seating options here, too. This is so important. Sometimes you want to sit at a table, but sometimes all you want to do is sink into a well-used cushion without fear. Other places have yet to understand this.So thanks, Espresso.
5	Ohh, ER, how I heart you.If you love vegan burritos and a good cup of coffee, you should definitely stop into espresso Royale. Oh wait, did I mention that you will have to drive through the corn fields to get there? Well it's worth it. Lucky for me, I live in the corn fields... but for the rest of you folks... you'll have to drive. Other goods - the best thing on the menu, in my opinion is the cheese and avocado sandwich. Make sure that you ask for it to be panini pressed for you. Best coffee in town.
4	Great place to either study or people watch.  Don't expect to get super great coffee but don't expect the worst either.  I went on a Sunday mid-morning and I was delighted.
4	While I"m not a big fan of a lot of their food options, I really love this place, for the most part.  The coffee is reliably nice, the tea is good, and there are lots of nice nooks and tables for getting work done if you are a student.  They have better hours and a nicer ambiance than some of the other ERC locations.  The only downside of this place is that they BLAST the music sometimes at night, and every now and then it's something really bizarre - the other day they were literally playing the sound portion of one of the Star Wars films at top volume at 8 PM while a bunch of students tried to work, which was a bizarre choice.  All in all, though, I'm here a lot, the service is great, and I enjoy the coffee and tea.
2	Increasingly unreliable wifi here at Espresso's flagship location is making it harder to choose it for study or work or even group meetings. More than half the time I show up I simply can't get a connection. Others will ask me if I've been able to get online when they can't. When it does connect, prepare to wait for webpages like it's 1998.Behind the counter folks may be friendly about it, but aside from "resetting it," (often doesn't work), are clueless.It's too bad, because this Espresso Royale used to be one of my favorite destinations. If you need to get stuff done, look elsewhere.
1	Overpriced drinks and food. Rude to mean staff depending on your definition of customer service. Ordered hot chocolate and latte was nine bucks for alright drinks. Cinnamon buns are 8 bucks here. They are into the fair trade sentiment that is great maybe make your prices fair to the customer. On a positive note, I liked their decor
4	Used to be the place that I go everyday before I went to a really tedious class.Not crazy about coffee but also like it sometime so this place is just a less popular version of starbucks. Like their muffin and apple fritter better.
3	I have mixed feelings about this shop. Been here a few times, and I have never been 100% satisfied.Pros: Spacious- indoor/outdoor/upstairs seating available; inexpensive; outdoor seating area is nice; some comfy chairs inside (you have to snag them quick though!); baristas seem pleasant.Cons: I've ordered the same drink every time I've been in, and it's been made different every single time (not really sure why they are inconsistent); not enough electrical outlets (hardly any to plug into!); because it's on campus, it tends to get over crowed quickly.
1	Just called to ask how late the cafe is open today, since tomorrow is a holiday. "I don't know," said the guy who answered the phone. "Can you check?" I asked. "No, I'm super busy," he replied. A+ customer service there, ERC.
