5	I am an Italian food lover and I demand authentic food. This restaurant is own by an Italian born chef and the food is delicious!!!! I recommend for everyone to try it. I live in north Phoenix and I would not mind driving to mesa for lunch or dinner. If you are in the east valley, you MUST try this place. It is family owned and the service is friendly.
3	Alright so in general when it comes to Italian food I am indifferent - even Olive Garden makes me happy. However, on a trip back from up north I stumbled into Gerardo's in Payson. Ever since then the bar for Italian food has been set very, very high.So about this place. It's new. As in new enough to not even have a sign that lights up or any decorations new. No fear, I don't need a circus to entertain me. I simply mention this because if atmosphere is something that matters to you... then you may want to wait.The service. The staff is new. They either come by too often to ask how you're doing or they seem to be off doing something in the back. But I say this as someone who kind of dislikes people being at my table too often - I guess this is my German side of me where I just want to enjoy my meal in peace. Time may improve their service. It was nice to meet what I would guess is the owner and lead cook.The food. I'm not an Italian and I couldn't tell you what is "real" Italian and what is not. I got my staple, chicken alfredo. What was my impression? Meh. I felt like I could have cooked something on-par with what I got... and I'm no cook by any means. There was nothing that really smacked me in the face and forced me to call my mom about. I like my alfredo as thick as you can get it and this was a little oily. Don't get me wrong, I woofed it all down.With that in mind when I think of Italian food I think of gluttony (no offense). I think of ordering a meal and getting it and going "oh shit, I have to eat all of that... and then have seconds... and then dessert?" This was not the case here, I eat like a bird and I ate it all and was still hungry... then I ate my kid's pizza... and was still hungry. Maybe I was just extra hungry but again I compare this to Gerardos where every time I've been there I've made 3 meals out of my order.We did order the bruschetta and according to my girlfriend (and bruschetta lover) it was pretty good. She gave it a 7. I gave it an 8 because I generally don't like bruchetta.Would I come back here? Maybe. I think it has some growing to do, but this is coming from a non-expert Italian food eater here so take it as you will.
5	Delicious! This new mom and pop Italian restaurant is going to be a local dining spot for families to enjoy any night of the week! The chef is originally from Brooklyn and has brought his grandparent's parent's recipes all the way from Sicily, so you know it's a true home cooked Italian meal. I ordered the Chicken Parm and the sauce and chicken blended perfectly! The chef hand picks all local produce and nothing was deep fried! I tried my friend's Alfredo and it was equally delightful! The meal came with warm bread so I was stuffed by the end! I recommend trying this lil' restaurant if you enjoy supporting our local economy over the corporate hot spots that charge an arm and a leg for small portions and generic menu items. Josephine's is totally affordable in our tough economy and once the shopping plaza expands ... I'm sure this restaurant will be around for a long time!
2	Wow, don't really know where to start on this place. We decided to go here based on the previous 5star review plus it was close to our house. Together we ordered the lasagna & chicken parm. Our dinners came w/ side salads. Here's my issues w/ the food. Some of the salad was brown/frozen burnt. I heard A LOT of beeping from the kitchen which makes me believe chef Mike (microwave) was doing the majority of the cooking. My lasagna was extremely over cooked & was mooshy. I did not even want try what my bf got. He said pretty much the same thing about his entree bland and overcooked. The food was warm when it came out. The waitress was nice and friendly. But honestly this place will not make if it continues to run this way.
5	My second time at this restaurant today and I found it better than the first time when they first opened. The place had more customers and they all seem to be happy. People are too picky and need to chill with comments sometimes. Authentic food you don't find everywhere specially in Arizona. Also, I noticed competitors will post negative comments to hurt other's reputation. As a business owner myself, I learned that the hard way.  I heard Subway next door is having a problem with the restaurant being next to them. They even went as far as yelling at the owners at one time.  I wonder how many of these negative reviews come from them. Hmmmmm!! So, don't let my opinion or someone else's opinion deprive you from trying something new......your own opinion is what matters.
2	We went to try this new place ...its close to home and I like to support the mom and pops rather than the chains.It was disappointing.  The prices are, well, high....higher than the Italian chain....  and for that we got little thin slices of warm bread and no salad or soup.  just the entree.They give you plenty of the main course, but the sauce was blah.....  where was the garlic?  where was the seasonings?   I had chicken parm.   It was a hunk of overcooked chicken breast.  there was only once choice of pasta....  linguini or linguini.   My husband had the baked ziti.  it was blah too.  the service was fine.  I know its new and I hope they make it.
2	I have lived in this area for the last four years and have been desperate for a locally owned restaurant to break up the monotony of the major chains that are so prevalent in Mesa.  Josephine's is definitely NOT the answer I've been looking for.   Atmosphere:  It was a decent looking place.  It's in a small storefront in a strip mall, so I would not expect it to be extravagant.  It looked recently renovated and relatively clean.  My order was to go, so I didn't spend any time at a table.  Service:  Service was lacking significantly in the restaurant.  There was no designated "to go" pickup area, so I waited by the hostess station - which was empty.  I literally stood at the front of the restaurant for 15 minutes before anyone came up to talk to me.  The restaurant was half full, and I did not see any of the other diners get their food while I was there either.  I was told my order would be 40 minutes to pickup, but it was more like an hour.  The waitress who brought me my food apologized and told me that they were bu, which I thought was bizarre, as the restaurant was only half full.  I think they were a bit understaffed.   Food:  I ordered the chicken parmesan for me, chicken alfredo for my wife, an order of cheese bread, and a slice of cheesecake.  -Chicken Parmesan:  I ordered it to go, so I was not expecting it to look like a work of art by the time I got it home.  I'm sure it would have looked appealing on a plate.  The chicken was obviously frozen.  The breading was slimy and the chicken was tough.  The pasta was overdone.  But my biggest issue?  The sauce.  It tasted like it came right from a can.  It had no seasoning - no garlic, oregano, or even salt...just pure, unseasoned, tomato.  -Chicken Alfredo:  you would think that chicken alfredo would be a nice, seasoned slice of grilled chicken sliced and served on a bed of pasta with alfredo sauce, right?  Wrong.  It's the same chunk of dried, unfrozen chicken that they put on the chicken parmesan.  Again, the biggest letdown of the dish was the sauce.  My wife couldn't eat more than a few bites.  I tried it, and again, it tasted like the sauce was taken directly from a can.  -Cheese bread:  Bread was not toasted through - it was OK, but I've had better.  -Cheesecake:  Cheesecake was OK, but I doubt they made it from scratch.  It tasted store bought, which I guess is OK for cheesecake.  We literally could not finish the entrees.  I could have stomached the chicken parmesan if the sauce was palatable.  I don't know that there was any way to save the chicken alfredo.  In short, the food was less than mediocre, service was slow, and the prices were exorbitant for what was served.  I do not believe this restaurant will be around for much longer unless it changes the food it serves.
3	This is a new place. I seen the sign and my son really likes eating italian food. So we decided to give it a try. We went in and it was pretty empty. The chef came out and talked with me and she was really nice, so was the waitress. We were treated very nice. They dont serve pizza, but they do make a french bread pizza for a kids meal. The serving sizes are small, but then again, I am a Big dude and I eat big. but this wasnt very filling for me even price wise it seemed small. we wound up stopping at Arbys on the way home.But the enviroment and the service is all GOOD! Great people and Great service. I just wish had more food.
1	Stopped in today after seeing their segment on Fox 10. I wish we hadnt. We got their 15 min after they opened and were greeted and sat quickly. That was the only good part of the visit.  There was only one waitress working (she told us her other co-worker never showed) and no one else.  It was obvious this poor girl was not used to having to cook. We asked where the owners were and were told they wouldn't be in for an hour and a half. So one girl has to run the whole place? There is only one other gentleman in the place when we first got there but eventually two other couples showed up.  The food was horrific.  My husband and I are from New York but never expect much from AZ italian restaurants but this was ridiculous!  I ordered a meatball sandwich josephine style. The "roll" it came on wasn't cooked enough and still white and the meatball was obviously the frozen kind you buy in a bag. I had one meatball in the sandwich. ONE that was cut in half.  Oiy! The peppers and onions were soggy and the cheese was just bad. My husband got a josephine style chicken sandwich. Another hot mess. Frozen chicken patty and gross peppers and onions. I heard the owner is from Brooklyn and my husband is from there as well.  After we left he said the owner should be ashamed of himself. I really wanted to like it but will definitely not be returning.
3	Very excited this restaurant came to our neighborhood. The owner came to say hi and make sure we were enjoying our meal. The food was pretty good. We had sandwiches this time. But the canoli's were amazing.
