3	Sambuca is a lovely little Italian restaurant on Edinburghs Causewayside.Sambuca specialises in traditional Italian fish and steak dishes, but with a modern twist - the restaurants namesake drink is poured onto the dish and set alight as your meal is being served - a truely wonderful sight. However, as to be expected, this often leaves an odd aniseed taste, which has only worked with around half of the dishes I have eaten at Sambuca. That said, food is very delicious and well priced.If you are willing to ignore the need for a decorater, Sambuca is a nice restaurant to go to for somehting a bit different.
4	A cheap and cheerful Italian restaurant, very good for a date. I came here on a date, and even though the tables are a bit too small and crammed in, I really liked the mixed seafood pasta I got and would gladly come here again. The waitress who served us was friendly too. I have only come here for lunch, when there is no lighting-dishes-on-fire practice. I have seen them alight at night though- quite entertaining! If there is a big group of you I would strongly suggest booking a table, as space is limited. Also tables are quite close together and there is little space on the tables for dishes.
4	From the outside, Sambuca looks a bit run down and could probably do with getting redecorated inside as well.  However, this certainly doesn't reflect the quality of the food and service which the place has to offer.  The staff are welcoming and friendly, whilst the restaurant's general atmosphere is relaxing and chilled out.  They pride themselves on serving authentic Italian cuisine and aim to specialise in seafood.  Consequently, some of it is a bit expensive, but it's all delicious, filling and tastes just about no time to arrive.  I opted for the Spaghetti Marinara which had a whole range of seafood, from squid to clams, in a white wine sauce.  I would definitely come here again, and Sambuca offers great food and service in a pleasant atmosphere.
4	Went there this evening. I have friends who live above it and none of us had been. As I say went with family this evening. Very nice interior and bright evening sun coming in.I had seafood marinara, one of my fave dishes. It was lovely. Nephew had a stagione pizza which looked lovely. My father had minestrone soup which he enjoyed. A  very nice little Italian and very reasonably priced.Would definitely go back . House red was also very drinkable.
4	Sluuuuurp! Ah, the slippery joy of a good plate of spaghetti alle vongole. I can report that Sambuca does the best spag vongole I've had since Italy. It should be easy to make - its just clams and spaghetti, really - but I've had some real rubbish. Sambuca's spaghetti is spot on - nicely al dente, just enough olive oil and garlic, and topped with a happy pile of fresh clams. My friend had vegetable lasagne that looked good too - though I realise now that I was too busy shovelling pasta into my mouth to ask...Anyway, yes, it's a good place. The watiress was lovely, it's a nice bright modern cafe - all very good.
5	Fantastic meal, I had Scallopine Funghi e Creme (Veal with Mushrooms in a cream sauce) and my girlfriend had the Pollo Fungji e Creme (Chicken).   The service was very friendly.  Main course was amazing cannot fault it, will definitely go there again.
