4	I have lived here for about 6 months now and the apartment is great. The best thing  is that the staff is very friendly and helpful. I received a bottle of wine and an LGO gift card upon move in. It is very dog friendly and the dog park is nice. I moved in while there was still construction and they were great about not doing it at horrible hours so it didn't disturb us. The residents here are pretty laid back but not too wild. Any maintenance requests I have put in have been addressed right away. As with everything there are a few negatives. Most apartments have storage on the balconies but we don't so in order to have extra storage you have to pay $25 and it's all the way downstairs so it's inconvenient. The hallways are very dark and actually kind of creepy doesn't go with the rest of the bright airy components of the building. The biggest negative though is access for guests. The parking lot for guests is on the opposite side of the entrance so first time guests and delivery ppl get totally confused  as to where they are supposed enter. Even if they do know where to go it's pretty inconvenient to walk down the street around to the front to enter especially if you are carrying anything such as luggage. This prompts residents to prop doors open in the back which in turn compromises the security. It would be great  if there was some sort of key pad in the back like there is in front for guests to enter so we wouldn't have to prop doors open or go downstairs to get them every time. Other than that the place is really nice the common area has a pool table as well as a poker table and vending machines. They Have also hosted a few pool parties throughout the summer which was a nice way to get to meet ppl here.
1	Worst place I have ever lived. I will list the several reasons why you should NOT live here:1. They gave out more than one set of keys to my apartment. Therefore, while I was in my apartment alone--with the door locked--someone was able to use their key to get into my apartment. Try falling asleep after that.2. Speaking of sleep...I can hear absolutely everything the people around me do. By everything I mean I can hear my neighbor sneeze and burp, the walls are so thin. Try sleeping when you can hear everything the person next to you is doing.3. No one has lived in my apartment and already the air condition, the dishwasher, the lights, and the toilet have needed to be repaired. 4. The water for the apartment does not get hot in the winter time, it only gets warm.5. The elevators are CONSTANTLY broken. 6. I have had two bikes stolen and there have been several safety warnings due to break-ins into the garage and cars (which is supposedly locked).There is nothing good about this place except for the location. Other than that it is not worth the money to live here. At first blush the place looks high end, but it is actually the cheapest made place I have lived in. If they didn't charge me excess amounts to break my lease I would have been out of here a long time ago.
