4	It's been almost 15 years since I've stepped foot in a library. Needless to say, I was shocked at how much they've changed. No dewey decimal system, no card catalog, no microfiche. FREE wifi! A maximum of 50 items (including 7 DVDs) that you can check out! I can't get over how amazing public libraries are. This Spring valley location isn't the biggest, newest or cleanest, but it still rocks. They've got comic books and graphic novels that you can check out. Tons of kid's books are available along with LeapPad learning systems for kids. Now I can check out all of this cool stuff for my two year old. I don't read much (actually I don't read books at all) but they've got plenty of DVDs to rent and lots of music CDs to check out. I never thought a public library would be a place where I could get some old school music like Dinosaur Jr, Pavement, and Sonic Youth.Will I be back? You better believe it. I'm gonna be a regular.
4	I love libraries, and I love books. I am a nerd. See, I've admitted it, and have no problem being labeled as such. The Spring Valley Library is the 4th public library I've visited here in the Valley, and is by far my favorite (not including the Lied Library at UNLV, which is bad ass). My first visit to the SPL was to check out a couple audio books for a long drive my wife and I were making. I found the library very easy to navigate, clean, and the staff were pretty friendly and helpful. There was a good selection of audio books, and the ones we got were in very good condition. Since this first visit, I have been back and have spent more time in the library. I am very impressed with the selection of fiction, non-fiction, DVDs and CD's. I didn't have anything in mind when I went through the DVD and CD collection, but found a CD I've wanted to buy but is old sold as an import here. I was very excited and have been listening to it since. I was also surprised by the amount and selection of DVDs. They even have TV Show DVDs! The library also offers free Wi-Fi!I can't wait to spend more time here now that I've gotten to wander around it.
4	When I was a kid, I used to go to the library everyday. It was the everyday summer place and during the school year, the weekend place. I was a big fan of mystery books. Do you remember the kind where you can choose different options for the story and basically create your ending...they were awesome, do they still have those? hmm. Anyway, it's been a while since I've been to a public library since school and I am amazed at how much they have evolved. There are machines to check out your own books, cds, and dvds, and other machines to accept their return. The book selection here is ok as it's a small library with a rather large children's area. The busiest section is the DVD area; free movies, of course it's busy. I go for the audiobooks and I'm glad they have a healthy number of titles. I love the library system and have to make a note to myself to donate my old books and dvds so public libraries continue to survive. You should too! =)
2	I did not particularly care for this library. The book selection is not great especially if you are looking for reference books. The employees are grumpy and at times rude. Every thing is sectioned off: teens are suppose to occupy one area, adults another, and children another. Children are not allowed to sit in the teen area of the library. I took a fourth grader with me and he wanted to sit in the teen section and an employee immediately made up move. He did not like the children's section because he said it was babyish.
3	I've gone to this library quite often and it's not the best library in town.  This library definitely could use some renovating!  The only problem that I had with staff was that I know I asked to renew my daughter's library card but they didn't do it.  Their selection of books, dvds, cds, audiobooks, and other items are great since of course, they're free!  The library did get smarter with the computerized self check out...you just stack up your items and somehow it reads em all.  It's about the same concept with returning except that you just place your item on the conveyer belt which has a scanner and you're good to go.  It's actually pretty cool.
4	I'm a fan of this library. It's nice, smaller than others (like Sahara West). It's a quaint place to study if that's what you're into. I had problems signing into the wifi from my macbook, but otherwise I'm happy with my experience here. Wouldn't go out of my way to get here, I probably would go to Sahara West if I'm looking for a large library with more resources.
3	A little on the small side but the wifi is fast and plenty of work space for my needs.
4	Fairly good sized. Checking in and out is quite quick. staff is very helpful! Only draw back is parking lot is a little tight.
4	very large library!the entrance splits in two directions.. one side is more of an open area with computers and tables.. surrounded by books..the other side to the left is majority books. there are plenty of computers to search for books throughout the area..  and the kids have their own section in the back.. as well as computers for Internet use.there are plenty of ppl walking around and an information desk if you have any questions.  Lots of parking!Another entrance in the back!
3	Yelp 100 Challenge 14' * 26/100Quaint library with an intimate theater. My best friend and I came here for a free brass quartet concert two months ago for her music class. Although I've never really been a Dixie person, she managed to convince me to join her to relax at the end of a school week. The chairs were so comfy that I once found myself auto-piloting (another word for snoozing) through one or two songs midway through the concert.We did not get to check out the book section after the concert because only the theater was left open at that time, prompting us to head back home. I doubt that I would trade spending time at the Sahara West to come here. It is tucked in a rather sketchy location near Paradise and doesn't feel very safe at night. Also, we saw a couple of horse-riding police on our way here. I hope it wasn't just us seeing things because we were too tired from school.
5	Support your local library! When's the last time you've even been to a library? Its free to get a card and gain access to so many resources. This branch in particular has plenty to offer. And don't go thinking libraries are so outdated because you can even rent ebooks for kindle, ios, nook, etc.
4	As one approaches this Library, the Library proclaims its importance. It is to be reckoned with! Great exhibits; great for kids before they get bored.
