3	There is nothing like wanting a quick bite to eat and be off on your way! For fast food under $7.00 and you get extras because there is so much to eat, this is your place! Its in a nice location and very clean as well as friendly staff! My sister and I always come to Panda when we want something good and cheap.. Orange chicken is very yummy and their fried rice is really good too. Although I'm a huge fan of their chow mein and vegie eggrolls..they are to die for! :)
2	I can't imagine too many people turning to a review site before heading to a well known fast food place like Panda Express, but just in case on that off chance someone is looking, here goes!Food: It's all cookie cutter style food prep- that being said, this location even managed to mess this up. I love love love pot stickers!, I buy them at any Asian joint I go to, make them at home.. I have DREAMS of gyoza dipping itself in fresh ponzu sauce and feeding itself to me, because I love them so much! (well, maybe not that far, but almost.) However, this is the first time I have eaten what equates to a Gag Rubber Gyoza.. =( It was sadness for the tummy. I couldn't even pawn off the rubbery "treats" to my German Shepard. She just sniffed it and gave me the stink eye like I was trying to poison her with them. Customer Service:  I have said this before and I will stand by it every time; I don't expect 5 star service from a fast food joint. I understand these are minimum wage employees who more than likely die a little inside every time the put their uniform on in the morning.  I get that this job will not be the one they fondly remember as "the good ole days". That being said, don't make me feel that way too please! I don't want to feel like the life is being sucked out of me because of the Eeyore atmosphere. Price: WOW, I remember when it was actually cheap to eat here. For 2 people, with 2 item combos, and portions smaller than they used to be, it came to more than $18! I could have gone to one of those mom and pop Chinese shops, got the lunch special with soup, egg roll, and bigger entree portions for less. And the food didnt even taste fresh. It definitely was NOT worth the cost and lack of atmosphere.
2	Food is like all the pandas, just the service is not good, no bueno, they need to put more attention
4	I think this is one of the nicest Panda Express restaurants I have been to.  It is very clean and more classy than most.  It felt more like a restaurant and less like an express cafeteria.  The food was fresh and the staff was quick.  It looked like a long line when I walked in but it flowed so quick and smooth.  The Allman Brothers Band's "Ramblin' Man" came on my car radio when I parked and walked in and it was still going when I walked out and drove off.  Its not even that long of a song.  That tells you how fast this Panda is.  Even with the speed in which they work attitude towards the customers did not suffer.  I was not made to feel underappreciated or as an inconvenience.  Each team member down the line was polite for the duration of my time with them.  It may be subtle but it is one of those things that when done wrong sticks out like a sore thumb.    Good food, good service, good deal.
1	I was told the KITCHEN was closed forty minutes before closing and that they would not be refilling their empty bowl of orange chicken. The most popular item in the restaurant. ARE YOU KIDDING ME? And every time I've come here in the past, I'd have to wait FIFTEEN minutes for their orange chicken because the bowl was empty again. As if they were waiting one me to signal to them they need to do their jobs. What a JOKE of a franchise. Thoroughly disappointed.
