1	I did not receive service at this location, I tried, but failed. I went in on Sunday 12/1, the four stylist were busy, ok fine. I walked in and was looked at but never acknowledged. I stood there patiently while a previous client was being rung up very slowly. A stylist was free and grabbed her next client (possibly a friend since she had a coffee waiting for her), sitting right by where I was standing, and still no "we'll be with you shortly" nothing. I wanted to know the cost to have my bangs trimmed and after 10 mins of being ignored I walked out. Terrible customer service, won't be back!
5	I have been coming here for about 3 years now I believe. the prices are great and Erica is the BEST!
5	Erica is the BEST ever! She has been doing my hair for years, and I would follow her to the ends of the earth. She does the most amazing things with color. Thanks Erica!!!!
5	Went for a haircut, isn't my usual place as I was far from home that Saturday. Walked-in was taken back shortly and given a dare I say "fantastic" haircut. Good conversation, I was never having that this-is-a-only-for-ladies hair place. It's many miles from my home but I will still go back.
5	I took the advise of Lea B. and she was right Erica is the BEST!!!I Live in Arizona and come to Nevada once a month Erica will be the only person who ever touches my hair again!
1	On 12-1-14 ran into smiths grocery store and noticed only 1 person waiting inside this fantastic SAMs on Valle verde. Grabbed my 9 year old that desperately needed haircut. Didn't wait very long and advised girl I need a boys cut short on side back little on top son responded he likes faux hawk which he has had same request for year. I also advised will need to buzz short at back of head pointed out cowlick. She proceeded to slowly trim around neck and ears with scissors and I asked aren't you going to buzz around ears and back. The girls response is she uses scissors and seemed agitated that I was questioning her technique. She then used those choppy shears and ended poking son with and my son stated ouch, where at that point she starts trimming hair and tossing trimmings right into his eyes and nose which seemed very purposeful. She then pulls out buzzer after over 20 minutes of useless trimming with scissors, and states she's done when his hair looks like I did it myself all uneven everywhere! I said whatever charge me so I can get out of here and I advised this was the worst cut in 9 years of his life and instead of apology she then blames him for not sitting still! I wouldn't sit still either if I had my eyes and nose full of hair trimmings! Plus over 30 minutes on a simple boys buzzed cut? Another associate offered to fix and have made arrangements to go back on 12/4 to get corrected by Erica. I appreciated Erica waiving the charge and scheduling to have her correct it. Will add to review once resolved on follow up.
5	Return visit to have sons hair corrected by Erica on 12/4/14 was successful! She was very professional in handling my complaint with the other stylist, and fixed his cut that came out looking exactly like we wanted. I give Erica a 5 for correcting and thank her for truly wanting to correct the other stylist with the poor attitudes bad haircut. I may return, but only for Erica.
