5	While I am very surprised to be the first to review this fabulous Italian eatery, I also find it to be a pleasure as well!Nestled in the heart of Carefree's shopping centers and eateries on Easy Street located right next to a nail salon is this quaint, elegant, and sophisticated little restaurant. Inside there are about 15-20 tables. I had made a reservation for our party of 4 not knowing how busy it would be on a Friday evening at 7 in Carefree and I'm glad I did. This joint was hopping!We were given water and a basket of delicious toasted and warm bread with an herb butter. I'm so tired of those "trendy" places that think Olive Oil and balsamic is a proper topping on bread.  Not so at Giordano's...they offer olive oil but the butter is where it's at.We were greeted promptly by our server who suggested a great wine for us. We ordered calamari as our appetizer. Calamari isn't my favorite because it's usually so overcooked and chewy that it's just not worth the money. Giordano's used panko breading and these calamari were fried perfectly. The accompanying marinara sauce was fantastic as well. Not too sweet and not too tangy.One of my party ordered the chicken and the other veal marsala. I ordered the Giordano's chicken which was chicken parmesan but with a slice of eggplant onto of the chicken before it was breaded. It was fabulous. The veal was fork tender and very flavorful. The chicken marsala was not over-cooked like some tend to be and each of us had an accompanying side of vegetables and our choice of penne or spaghetti. We all chose penne and it was perfectly cooked. The vegetables were al-dente and had been tossed in a buttery sauce. They weren't dripping in the sauce, but rather, the sauce was just kissing the veggies. It was quite heavenly. For dessert we shared a tiramisu and cheesecake. I am usually not a fan of tiramisu because the ones I've experienced had such a strong coffee flavor that it was off-putting. Not so at Giordano's. This was tiramisu with a background flavor of coffee like it's supposed to be. The cheesecake was rich, creamy, and probably the very best i've ever had, and I've had NY cheesecake in some of the finest NY restaurants. Our server was friendly and non-intrusive. The busboys were equally non-intrusive and kept to themselves. It was a bustling place and while these servers and bus people were busy, they never made you feel like you were bothering them.I highly recommend Girodano Trattoria Romana in Carefree. It is pricy, but you have to expect that given the location and the local clientle.  I am trying to figure out a way to make an excuse to drive up there REAL SOON! :)
2	Upon arriving for our 7 PM reservation we were escorted to a table in the back of the restaurant where there was a party of 16 already seated and it was loud.  There were only a couple of tables occupied in the front room.  We asked for another table and were told they were all reserved - why couldn't one of them be ours? We had a reservation.  Finally we were given a table by the door.  We were given water and served a bread basket of dry white bread.  We ordered house salads which were very small and very boring.  We all ordered chicken dishes which were OK - nothing special.Nothing impressed us - food or service.
3	after reading the menu i thought the place had potential.  They have all the, cough, "traditional" Italian food one growing up in New York and New Jersey is used to eating and can find at any neighborhood pizzeria, albeit pricier in Carefree, AZ.  Unfortunately it was not executed very well, food was bland, sauce tasted burnt like it sat in a steam table too long.  Front of house staff was very friendly but I'm guessing their B team was working in the kitchen that night....
3	Food selection was good and very tasty. I took some out of town friends there Friday night. We did get seated right on time even though they were busy.  I was disappointed in the peppers and sausage appetizer.. Too little amount of sausage. Service was not as friendly as I normally expect. Maranera sauce was great and the food came out hot. I will go back in hopes of getting better service.
4	I had no expectations for Giordano's . . . none at all. That's good thing because I hate being disappointed. I should try that approach with all restaurants. This lovely Italian Trattoria in a strip mall in Carefree is terrific. It is so totally unpretentious - a welcome break from so many of today's Italian restaurants - especially those that have displaced the little Mom and Pop shops. The service was not over the top either. Our waitress gave us plenty of time to chat with our friends without rushing us to order and just asked us to flag her down when we were ready. I was a little overwhelmed by the menu which had so many traditional Italian items. My eyes lit up when I saw two of my favorites - eggplant parmigiana and eggplant rollatini. I chose the rollatini and it was so delicious. The eggplant was perfectly cooked and the filling was so rich and creamy. The marinara was so tasty, I almost could have eaten it in a bowl by itself. All the main entrees come with a side of spaghetti or penne. My husband had the special of the day, veal rollatini. It was the best Italian dish he has had in ages. Our friends had the chicken Marsala and the veal parmigiana, both which they proclaimed were excellent. Hubby and I split a yummy chocolate dessert laced with a hint of orange which looked like it was bought at a bakery, not made in house. Nevertheless, it was divine. We would have been satisfied with our meal without it, but just had a hankering for something sweet. If the decision was up to me solely, I would have had the cannoli -- do you sense a them here -- that I like thinks that are rolled up and stuffed with cheese? I do. Next time, I'll have the cannoli, but it probably won't live up to my friend Jan's homemade. Since it is so close to home, we will be putting Giordano's on our "regular" list. Buon appetito!!
4	Tonight we had a memorable evening at Giordano's , sharing a glass of wine first and then dinner afterwards.My old vine Zinfindel from Lodi was a winner, My husband's Italian chardonnay was just okay, but he expected more especially seeing it was their house white.I would have loved to have crusty bread and olive oil/ balsamic vinegar to dip, but alasthat was not to be. Instead we got cold bread and garlic herb butter. Our appetizer, Straciatella soup was remarkably delicious and one to remember. I would definitely order this again.However, for me, the proof of the pudding in an Italian restaurant is their tomato sauce. Though the Chicken Parmesiana and pasta were well cooked, the tomato sauce was too sour/acidic, and I had to sprinkle a little sugar on top to balance it out.The Chicken Picatta was enjoyed by my husband, though a touch salty.The ambiance, candle light  and good service were redeeming factors, therefore i rated them a 4.
5	With so many choices for Italian around town it's very hard to find anything good north of the 101 freeway.  Hands down worth the drive and effort to find the place.  This is my parents favorite place to eat and I agree 100%.  The staff is very friendly and the service is top notch!  Alot of choices on the menu to sample but I'd suggest any of the veal selections, they are all teriffic!Try it out and then tell your friends.
3	Food was very good. Fagiole had nice hint of thyme, and cannelloni was quite hearty. Decor only so-so. Staff friendly and helpful.
2	This place relies upon pretense to attract those who spend money on such things.The menu is not close to inspired.The ingredients are run-of-the mill at best.I am embarrassed to have been lured in by the promise of good Italian food, to find a kitchen that is woefully inept and a staff that is even worse.Not only will we never return, the couple we brought with us will not return and I trust they do not harbor this against us the next time we want Italian.Geesh! Bad food, worse service and high prices. Just how can they stay open?Dupe the tourists!
3	Actually, I would give this a 3+.  Like another viewer, I had zero expectation.  The restaurant sits in a cute-as-a-bug's-ear corner of Carefree.  The interior is pretty bordering on elegant.  The wait staff is good but there is something stand offish about them like that weird cousin in the family who says all the right things but you can't quite figure him out.The food is more NY style Italian than Italian-Italian.  Here is the reason for the 3 versus 4 stars.  Its NY style is not as good as a NY-NJ Italian restaurant.  Yes they have a good marinara sauce and they do a good job of Veal or chicken parmigian but it isn't something to rave about.  Still, there is virtually no Italian choice this far north in Scottsdale so we find ourselves coming here 3-4 times a year and we never leave with complaints.
5	Great place with good Italian food !  Food, servers and owners are the best!Nice atmosphere and they make you feel like you are in their home.Have tried many things on the menu from clam sauce to veal dishes, all are wonderful.  The caesar and caprese salads are great.This is the best kept secret in Carefree, but my car has auto-pilot to this place.
2	Upon arrival we were seated quickly but that was the last positive about the experience. The bread was stale and dry, the food was bland and over cooked by a long shot. The Espresso and chocolate martini were prepared nicely. But service was lacking, our waitress was snappy and sarcastic and often forgetful although she sent three or four other employees to the table to help though only 3 tables in the restaurant were occupied. I wouldn't recommend this place at all. You may have better at the gas station but they close at 8 so get there early.
4	We'd always heard Giordano's was expensive, but when we checked it out online, looked reasonable to us and we were craving Ital on a Saturday night.  Got there about 6 pm and just a few tables occupied.  Were seated promptly.  Kind of a traditional, Italian restaurant ambiance---nice art from local artists on walls---noted everything was VERY CLEAN!  We took our time looking over the menu and our server, Adele, was accomodating to our leisurely pace.  I ended up going with the night's special, a broiled pork chop with a slice of eggplant, prosciutto, and lots of cheese over spaghetti with a side of zucchini.  DH, of course, got the chicken parm. House salads.  Nice selection of wine by the glass, reasonably priced.  Were brought a basket of bread and a bowl of herbed butter.  Butter delicious, bread sucked.  So I just slathered it with the butter.  Salads arrived---very fresh and crisp with tasty Italian dressing, accompanied by a bruschetta topped piece of toast.  We took one bite of the bruschetta and OMG!!!!  Seriously BEST BITE EVER!  Even though we had started our meal, we immediately beckoned Adele over and ordered a plate of bruschetta---we wanted MORE!  We devoured the salads and the bruschetta just in time as our meals arrived.  DH grew up in Cleveland and lived in NY/NJ, so he is (he says) the Italian Expert.  I like Italian okay.  But let me tell you, this was some of the best Italian food I ever had and definitely the best in AZ.  And I am a skeptic about Italian food.  As DH said, it was like we were in a restaurant in Little Italy!  He was so happy!   Every bite was fab.  And mine was cooked exactly as I requested: "Please, PLEASE don't overcook the pork chop and please, PLEASE overcook the pasta!"  (I don't like al dente.)  It was perfect.  Melt in your mouth tender in every way and a party of flavors.  My bite of DH's was very good, although one bite was all he would share.  When Adele came to check on us, we told her how wonderful everything was and she beamed: turns out she is also the owner!  From New York City!  But of course!  We didn't want the meal to end, it was so good, so we did the rare thing and ordered a dessert to share.  Cannoli.  Wonderful.  It tasted like we had stopped into a bakery on Mulberry Street. When we left about 8.30, I was not surprised that the restaurant was almost full of happy diners---I am surprised folks are not standing outside the door to get in.  If you like Italian, do yourself a favor and try this place.  Pleasant ambiance, excellent service, delicious food of high quality and large quantity.  My only caveat---don't go for the bread. Only disappointment in the meal and I don't get that.  And if you are sensitive to salt, ask the kitchen to lighten up.  Everything was just on the edge of too salty for DH and me---didn't fall over the precipice, though we could see it, but the flavors and the experience was so good, for certain we'll be back, and as we are sure everything is made to order, I don't think asking them to back-off on the salt will be a big deal.  However---it might be perfect for 90% of people---DH and I are just funny about salt.  Anyhow, it was great and we recommend and are looking forward to returning.
4	I'm a regular there because my office is in the Hancock, so it's very convenient and I find a lot of products from Italy that are difficult to find elsewhere. Tostini are very good, pizza is just ok and it's not too expensive. My fav thing is the caprese salad, I can't say it's delicious because mozzarella is from canada and it tastes like nothing, but it's decent and relatively inexpensive
5	This place is so good!! The fried mozzarella was great. The cannoli is the best in the area. Great atmosphere, just great Italian food.
4	Just got into town looking for a meal and I  ran across Giordano Trattoria. It's a Monday evening not a person in the place. I  was not so sure the food was going to be good. I ordered a spaghetti with meat sauce and a house salad for take out. Man I tell you Giordano's is doing it right. The meat sauce and pasta was spot on. 1st  thing for me the food was hot. 2nd was the smell of the meat sauce when I opened the box up, 3rd it tasted better than it smelled. The bread with the garlic butter on the side topped it off. The salad was good also with the creamy garlic dressing. Off the chart good.You get 4 out 5 stars or 8 out of 10 from me. You would get 5 out of 5 stars or 10 out of 10. But the price is just a touch high for spaghetti w/meat sauce and small house salad and a cold beer while you wait $37.50. I'm a bit picky when it come's to that. Thinking just of a normal family. I see the neighbor hood and understand why. If  you don't mind spending a little extra this is your place.The price is a touch high but I'll eat here 4 out of the 7 nights I'm here in town. Bring that price down a touch and you would have me all 7 night it's that good folks. Thanks Giordano's you were spot on.
5	This is our 3rd time coming here for dinner. We live in CT and stay at the Boulders. Come here for dinner!! Staff is very attentive and prompt, wine list good, perfect portions. I had chicken Marsala and hubby had veal parm. Pasta e fagioli is amazing- recipe is from owners (Adele) grandmother.
