3	This Panda Express has a drive-thru, which is great when it's 103 outside and I want lunch without stepping out into the broiler.   It was a fast queue and they got my order right.   The orange chicken/Beijing beef was pretty unpalatable though, it was really dried out and sauceless.  It's a Panda Express, that happens.  Basically your average Panda without getting out of the car.
4	I just had supper here. This Panda Express did not let me down. Upon entering the restaurant, they greeted me with a 'welcome to Panda.' The entrees were just cooked. They gave me a nice portion. The restaurant has an atmosphere that is more casual than fast food. The instrumental music was a nice touch that provided for a casual fast food dining experience.  I eat at restaurants all over. This is one of many Panda Expresses that I dine at. So far it has not let me down.
4	Came here for lunch today, just thought I would share some info. The place was very clean, service was good and all the food seem pretty fresh.
4	Stopped at this location for the second time in like 6-8 months. The first visit I was actually shocked to see that they offered vegetarian selections now and even changed the way they prepared their rice so that it was vegetarian friendly. In the past, there wasn't much I could order here outside of the cream cheese wontons.This visit, however had nothing vegetarian to offer but the wontons and vegetarian egg rolls. Typically they have tofu. I was only stopping in because mom had a craving but thought I might order something once I started smelling the goodness. Well, I didn't get anything because as I mentioned, the selection was small.Both times I have come here, the restaurant has been a ghost town. Today there was absolutely no one inside but the employees, me and my mom. The same for the last visit, but grant it they were both Sundays.All in all they keep the place clean in which I appreciate and demand, and my mom loves it, so all is good. Oh and the staff? Always super friendly. Kudos to the training staff!
4	The foods not for fast food Chinese. It's not as greasy as some that I've had before, so it passes.
4	Good selection of Chinese dishes. The Beijing Beef is so good, I got an extra order to go. Clean restaurant; a good location. Not so many losers on this side of town. Forget about the combo plates - pick what you want, make your own meal. It only costs about $12. Have fun.
2	Terrible service, so-so food.This place is super confusing and almost misleading. You order from the board, but you don't realize that you get charged extra for some entrees even though there is no indication of that until you actually start to order it. It felt like a trap. Like, who wants to sit at a drive-thru and make ANOTHER choice because you don't want to pay an extra dollar for what you already chose?Anyway. I wanted to get extra vegetables to go with my honey shrimp entree (which was good, but for that extra dollar it's way smaller than the other entrees) and some chicken teriyaki for my dogs. They told me the teriyaki would be an extra five minutes so pull up and wait. I did so and waited 10 MINUTES for my food. I finally had to drive back through to get it. NOT HAPPY. I also asked the people at the window if they could make sure my other entrees were hot despite the wait for the chicken. They assured me it would be. It wasn't.I would really avoid this place. It's super expensive for what you get and the service is terrible. The vegetables were good, but the spring rolls and the shrimp weren't good enough to pay for.
4	The food is good if you like panda express but the highlight of this location it's the drive-thru.  It is convenient for those times when you want to pick up to-go without getting out of your pajamas.  An added bonus is that this location is busy so the food is always fresh.  Good employees and a recent remodel make for a good store overall.
2	Are you serious?  What are you doing?  If you've given up, if you've just said "$&@! It, let's just get panda", or you've got a gaggle of screaming kids that won't shut their mouths unless you immediately fill them with orange chicken, then go ahead.  But if you have a choice, and a working brain, go to one of the dozens of local chinese places in the area.  I recommend China Tango.
3	Close to my work, good place to grab lunch and portions are generous. Less crowded and lay out is better than other Panda Express in town.
5	I've been going here for the past 5 years and don't really have anything bad to say about this restaurant.  This Panda Express has been remodeled and it looks nice.  The food is good too.  I always get the broccoli and chicken.  Super quick meal.
2	I've had mostly good experiences here, but tonight at the drive-thru was ridiculous. I'm a very patient person but I almost lost it with, Veronica, who is supposedly, assistant manager.I ordered a bowl and wanted to pay with a remaining gift card balance. She told me the card wasn't reading. Ok.She tried covering it in plastic and told me that wasn't working and that's what they do when cards don't work. I know this. I used to work a cash register. Fix it and get me my food. It's already been 7 minutes.I told her type it in. She tells me she can't. I said again, type it in. Again she says she cannot. I ask for a manager because clearly she is incompetent. She informs me she is the one in charge. WOW! I'm amazed. Shocked. She then tells me she is going to another register. She finally comes back and tells me she typed it in. Way to go! I'm truly appalled people like this have jobs and think they can demand 15/hr. Veronica and the other employees at this place need some training. I'm sorry to go off like this, but people like that shouldn't be in charge.
