5	Like a lot of women, I'm worried about getting conned when it comes to car issues.  I got a nail in my tire the day before Thanksgiving and had to get a new one ASAP. Luckily, I happened to roll into this place.Manager Jeff and his crew took my car in right away and put in a brand new tire fast, so I didn't miss much of work.   I was very concerned about getting overcharged, but after doing a little bit of research I found that they actually sold me the tire below average price.  Major props for this place.
4	At 3:45pm on a Saturday I called JD (asst. Mgr) @ Advanced, with a busted headlight. By 4pm I had handed him my keys and by 4:30pm i was leaving the center with an oil change and a new filter along with a new bulb. The speed and prices were good...the level of service and explanation i got were great and are the reasons I will return when my Accord needs any more work done. I had received some pretty pricey recommendations from a nearby company I'll just refer to as "Big O T." - wait, no, too obvious, let's just call them "B. O Tires" - which JD explained to me were currently unnecessary and that I shouldn't spend money on them for another 10-15k miles. I will certainly return to him and them when that time comes. Why 4 stars, not 5? Because it was quick, minor service. They were 100% on point in every aspect, I wouldn't have changed a thing. I simply wouldn't put a 5 star reco when I experienced such a small part of their offering. It would be like going to Fogo de Chao, only having the salad bar  and giving them a bad review.Stay tuned for my next visit, when I get more work done and fully anticipate leaving a 5 star review. Sidenotes:- Appreciation & general respect for having a professional, user friendly, search engine friendly website. - I am typing with no "A" key, so the fact that I have been "copy-pasting" every 5 letters to write this review should show how sincere I am in my messaging that I fully recommend visiting JD @ Advanced Auto on McDowell.- Knicks over Spurs in 7 in the Finals. Carmelo Anthony wins MVP of the series; you read it here first.- Joe Teitelman
5	Had a flat at 7 am. They quickly mounted the spare so I could get my son to work on time. Very courteous  & fast.  Replaced my ruined tire at a very reasonable price when i came back in the afternoon. Highly recommend these folks.
5	Found my new Auto repair location, great job. Will bring car here for future repairs and maintenance!
1	They tire I had to buy because mt tire got ruined was way overpriced. I shopped prices after and found I could of gotten for a lost less. I think they took advantage of me because I am a women.  Would not recommend this place.
5	I went to 2 other car repair shops -- one of them Whitey's in Scottsdale -- and literally spent $2,000 on repairs that did NOT fix the rattle.  Advanced Auto found it right away.  I feel like I am being treated like a valued customer, not a cog.  I will never, every go back to Whitey's.  They could have cared less, and I spent $2,000 on...likely repairs that were not even needed.
5	I went to the location on 68th St and Thomas and had a great experience. I went in to get an oil change and they recommended a few other things, which I went ahead and did. They were quick, friendly, and did a great job. I can't say enough good things about this store and location. It is definitely my new go to for anything auto, great job!
5	I've been to a few different auto repair places around Scottsdale and these guys are by far the best.  They are close to my work and helped me out bigtime when my car had a flat.  I had a broken hand at the time, and the manager had a mechanic walk to my work with me and help change my tire, free of charge.  Easily the BEST customer service I have ever gotten from an auto shop.  There is a waiting room with coffee and a TV.
5	I work next door so this place is super convenient. I dropped off my car on my lunch break, and walked over after work to pick it up. Asst. Manager Dwayne was very friendly and helpful. My oil change and tire rotation was done on time, and he even called me to let me know that my new car apparently came from the dealership without a cabin air filter, so I had them throw one on for a few bucks. No hassle, no BS auto shop that does what you ask for a fair price. Would absolutely use again.
