4	Popped in here expecting the old mans pub that once sat here for an afternoon in the beer garden, but I was pleasantly surprised at the newly reovated premises. Normally I am not keen on old school dive bars being modernised, but the previous incarnation needed an overhaul. The place is really well presented, with friendly attentive bar staff and huge selection of spirits/cocktails available. They do food but I didnt partake on this occassion. I do plan on returning to sample the menu as the dishes that were going out looked and smelled great.
4	First sign that things had changed was the missing mobility scooter that was for ever parked outside the old place.  I hope the owner is still alive and well and has just powered on to another boozer.  Inside the new place is all leather couches and exposed brick work, and while this isn't really what I'm looking for in a pub, it hangs together pretty well. Decent beer on draft and a cocktail menu just calling out for one of my famous hangovers, I think this place will quickly establish itself.  I didn't eat, but the food looked pretty good....burgers actually looked exceptional. The only trouble for me is the position. I'm Bruntsfield based but if I'm going for a pint I'm more inclined to choose a place off the main routes into town.  This area has always felt like a space I have to walk through to get home so I never really feel like hanging around for any length of time. Maybe the Blackbird will change that.
3	The Blackbird has an odd vibe, very much targeted at the trendy 20-30 somethings, I can't particularly fault the service or the beverage options but this isn't really my cup of tea... There probably aren't enough staff on the bar and if they are serious about doing cocktails then this will need to change. As it stands making a cocktail or even a latte seems to be at the detriment to the service of those just wanting a pint.One plus, though a little irrelevant for this time of year, they have made a nice job of the beer garden/outdoor seating area.I may return (perhaps in a few months they will have found the right balance) but I won't be rushing back.
3	Nice location and the staff is very friendly and seemingly proud of the place - I was not so impressed - the chairs, stools and table sizes and measures are .. odd. Not comfertable and I was struggling to get comfertable. Finally settling at a table in the back I feld like Alice in Wonderland as the table side came to just under my shirt pocket. I am 5'9" when standing up so this was a little awkward. I was pleasantly surprised with the platter that was served and the beer selection is good . In all I would have liked it here more if it wasn't for being so uncomfertable.They have a small but well presented food list - vegetarian option and locally sourced. As they were just opened the portions were generous when I visited, but as with many places that serve food that will probably be evened out over time.
4	Blackbird is my kind of bar. I can see, reading other's reviews, that it isn't a one-size-fits-all kinda place. Maybe even a bit like Marmite, to reference the over-used analogy. I like cocktails. I like good food, but without pretence. So the 5 page cocktail menu and gastropub food menu that included both burgers, as well as half chicken with lemon and oregano, and a venison steak with haggis fritters, is exactly what I want in a local gastro-cocktail-bar.I mean, we are going to have to broaden our vocab from "pub", "bar' and "gastropub". As The Blackbird is kind of both a bar, and a gastropub. It's a gastrobar? There, I've coined a new one - gastrobar.When I heard Treacle were opening a new bar in Old Town (my neighbourhood) I probably let out a real squeal of joy. I adore Treacle (I think I've written a gazillion updates to my original review of it). It's a bar where you can get good cocktails and good pub food. And so it seems The Blackbird is the same.Treacle, Hamilton's of Stockbridge and The Blackbird. All part of the same family. And The Blackbird is like a love child of the two, edging more towards Hamilton's. The food menu is the same, with a slightly higher standard of choices (and higher prices). Hence the venison steak - which is what I ordered.If I'm really going to compare, the venison steak that I had in Hamilton's of Stockbridge (a near identical dish) was better. The steak was slightly over-cooked at The Blackbird, and the haggis fritters were more fritter than haggis. But saying that, it was still really good and I ate it all. They perhaps just need to settle into themselves to match up to their big brother bar.The cocktail menu is huge, and my Dark n' Stormy was perfect - and served in a tall glass!The decor is so, just, mmm yes. Dark, candles, a mismatch of couches, booths, tables. It was really busy on a Thursday night (all seats were gone) and the bar got crowded. There's not much room around the bar so this proved a problem. But all the staff were really friendly - they were happy to accommodate my request of a table for 6 and then didn't say anything when only 3 took the large booth. So whilst I can imagine it's popularity will make it hard to get a seat, I just suggest you book in advance and don't mind the hustle and bustle.I can see myself coming back here a lot. Who knows, it may even creep up to 5 stars with return visits. But it's perfect for a date night, a catch up with friends, or even working meetings during the day? Ideal.
3	Something was missingUsual suspects on tap...leaves more to desire
3	the blackbird left me disappointed.  i had such high hopes since i'm a big fan of both hamiltons in stockbridge and treacle on broughton street.  somehow though, the blackbird doesn't hold the same charm of either of these places and it just fell flat for me.i'd met with a group of yelpers for a pre-theatre dinner and drink and on first entering i really liked the space.  there is two rooms (and possibly what appears to be a beer garden out the back...?) that are decorated in a sort of shabby chic old man pub/trendy bar mix.  i liked it, definitely the sort of place i would wander into based on appearance alone.the waitress was helpful letting us order our dinners as we arrived when we explained we were happy to have the dishes arrive at different times.  i opted for the veggie burger which sounded tasty.  it was a mix of chick peas, broad beans, and cumin with a cucumber raita.  i definitely thought it would be awesome, but the burger was a bit bland, rather dry and crumbly and i didn't taste any cucumber raita at all.  the chips were tasty, they were of the potato wedge variety and could have been a bit more cooked.  the small salad was fresh and had a really tasty dressing, which i think was actually my favourite part of the meal!  oh wait, that would be the glass of house red, which was fruity and tasty and easy to drink.  definitely enjoyed that, but can hardly give credit to the blackbird kitchen for pouring me a good glass of wine.paying at the end of the meal was a bit chaotic.  they agreed we could pay seperately, but then just handed us a print out of the whole bill and asked us to tell them how much we wanted to pay.  umm ok, not brilliant customer service and i'm pretty sure in an effort to make things easy on myself i may have over paid a pound or two.  i put this down to my annoyance of telling the waiter behind the bar what i ordered so he could tell me what i owed but then he just walked away and started talking to one of the other wait staff.  so just no, customer service seriously lacking!i'm not impressed with the blackbird and will not be rushing back.  it's handy for a pre-theatre drink if you're going to the kings theatre but not much else unfortunately.
3	One word... disappointed! I've been looking forward to visiting The Blackbird for quite a while now. I finally went there with the Yelp book club this week and it wasn't. I love it inside, it's nice and cosy, I really like the decor, the lighting is subtle, all just lovely. The problem lies with the food...I ordered Chorizo and Roasted red peppers on a toasted ciabatta. It turned up on a wooden board (of course, everything does now) and the chorizo and red peppers were in a mini frying pan which was quite sweet, they were fine, not amazing, just fine. The 'ciabatta' however was non existent. What I was presented with was a tiny end peice of chewy, slightly stale white bread. It was awful and I wasn't really sure what I was meant to do with it. I was starving so I chewed on it for a while but didn't finish it. Plus it was just so dry I didn't really have anything to eat it with apart from the tiny amount of oil from the chorizo.Oh and another thing, their website has been 'coming soon' for quite sometime now. I wish it would just get here. And I also wish they'd respond on Twitter.I will go back, but just for a drink. The cocktail menu looks fab so hopefully they are as good as they sound and The Blackbird redeems itself!
3	Good ambiance and atmosphere, packed to the gunnels with locals and students soaking up the vibe. Nice decor and mood lighting. 4 stars for effort. Food was a little less impressive. I ordered fish and chips, which to the chefs' credit arrived in good time. My battered fish was square (have you ever seen a square fish?) meaning the fish was stacked on top of itself and the batter to flesh ratio was waaaaay off. You order fish and chips for the battery goodness - there needs to be a bit of crunch when you eat the fish!The plate of food was just totally average. Nothing to write home about. But it set me back a tenner. Ouch. It was also presented on a piece of wood, a pet hate of mine. I went with a group of Yelpers and some of their dishes looked like winners, so perhaps I ordered the wrong thing?Also, bring a torch if you want to read what's on the menu. There's not much light to see anything and the words are black ink on brown paper. Argh!
3	A tad disappointed by The Blackbird on this visit and this seems to be replicated across all the Yelpers on this night. We were meeting up prior to our theatre trip for a bit of food and being just across from the Kings Theatre makes it a perfect location.Looks wise, I would pop in if I was in the area. Its a few months old, but still a bit sparkly and new, with lovely (unstained) cushions and comfy seating. It's the type of place where you and a few friends get together for a great catch up over a few drinks. It is a popular place and was busy on a Tuesday night which is always a good sign.Food wise, it was disappointing. Being gluten free options are limited - food is very pub like so fried, deep fried and battered but the burgers (minus the bun) are GF. My burger was disappointing. No great flavour and over cooked so a bit dry (nothing in comparison to the Southern). I subbed the chips for pumpkin in chili oil. It was lovely and comes served in its own little metal pan but near the bottom, there was too much oil. Fellow Yelper Katey ordered the chicken which looked lovely, as did Jenny L's venison and pumpkin mash. I had tried to view the menu prior to going but apparently the website is coming soon - fine if the place isn't open, not so when its been going for several months in this digital age...So, I can imagine I would go back for drinks, but I probably wouldn't for dinner due to the limited options. It is a nice place, I just wasn't blown away.
2	The Blackbird is new and seems to be popular, but it's not somewhere I could recommend to eat, based on our recent visit. The burger was really poor. Tollcross has lots of good dining options, so this place is for pre- or post-prandial drinks, only.Overall, we said: "while the Blackbird is quite a smart place, and I thought the service rather good, it needs to get to work on improving its menu. The burger I had was one of the saddest I've tried, to date. It was way too lean, and pretty much just a waste of good beef. As it stands, I'd say come for drinks, but eat elsewhere."
4	Amazing Burger and the Sunday papers with the dog!! We love dog friendly places and this one is great! Good food, Lovely Cocktails and the pup gets left overs. If you have not been I can Highly reccommend it yum!
4	I've seen this place has had a mix of reviews but I really liked it. I've wanted to try The Blackbird out for ages as I've passed it so many times. I brought my friends here for brunch before they flew back home and we all really enjoyed it. The decor is lovely and it feels nice and cosy. Staff were friendly and the food was good. The price of the food seemed fairly standard. I liked the music playing in the background too. I was checking out some of the cocktails they had listed on the wall and they sounded good so I'll have to come back again to try some out.
4	Best enjoyed in the sunI'm glad I waited to review this place after a few visits, as if I based it on my first experience it would have been lucky to get 3 stars. It seems they have got their act together a bit, and I'm happy for them. I hope to become a regular here ....Service is very casual, trendy beautiful people are relatively attentive, though quite happy to chat among themselves which can be a bit annoying. The decor is best described as Urban, my favourite part being the mini fire cans they use for ashtrays in the beer garden.The beer garden is awesome, one of the best in town, and you don't get the student masses that other beer gardens tend to attract. It fills fast, so get there early, and they do table service outside, which is a massive bonus - though if you are peely wally like me its often good to walk inside and stop the freckles from merging into one.I can understand some of the below comments about the food, it was my biggest disappointment first time round, but since then (take note Blythe!) the burger has come on leaps and bounds. Its no gastronomic delight, but good modern pub food, and decent sized portions.
1	Expensive and definitely not worth it, this place has nothing going for it. I will not be back
4	This was my first visit to 'The Blackbird' and as with 'Hamilton's' and 'Treacle' It continues the theme of being a fantastic spot combining style and comfort with welcoming and convivial staff. As with the aforementioned, it also offers a cosy (dog friendly!) bar area with an inviting, intimate restaurant as well.It has a very well stocked bar with a wide selection of wines, beers and an impressive cocktail list.The food menu is also similar to its sister establishments; offering a good selection of quality brunches, light bites and more wholesome dishes. Also being able to cater for various dietary needs. I only had the soup but it was a delicious and warming bowl of Tomato and Basil goodness that really was one of the best soups i've had. The cost was very reasonable and definitely qualified by the quality of the food, drink and service on offer.It's another great place to spend time eating, drinking, relaxing and just whiling the time away in Edinburgh from some of the people that seem to do it best in town!
