4	Bangkok 9 has lunch specials for $5.95 that allow you to pick your protein between Chicken, Beef, and Pork along with a large selection of Chinese and Thai dishes. I decided to try something I couldn't pronounce and had never tried and what a great decision. The portions are plentiful and the staff is extremely quick to bring out your take-out. I'll definitely be heading back here in the near future for an interesting chance to try food I have never heard of but can't wait to taste!
5	The best service i got here!!! First off their food comes in quick.  The waiter is very helpful with their menu selection.  For me being allergic to certain foods.  The menu lets me know what's in the food bit by bit.The best part of this place is that they give you 15% off during lunch if you dine in.  You can't beat that!  of course afterwards they give you fortune cookies, but what really surprised me and the reason Im giving this place 5 stars all the way is that they give you a small desert cake for free!!! You don't see that anywhere.  I love that this place is located in a plaza area where only locals know about. A real good place to eat with very friendly service and great atmosphere.
4	They serve Pho...My cousin and I were driving around and noticed Bangkok 9, so we decided to take the family here to try it out. On the plus side they give you 15% for dining in so why not! The place was small and wasn't busy at all which was okay for me since I really didn't want to wait long. The prices were very reasonable and the staff was okay just because they only had one server.My family and I decided to get different plates so we can try each others food. My bf and I decided to get the combination Pho and Bangkok 9 chicken wings with a side of rice. The Pho was very bland, it seemed like the broth was just water and to top it off it was warm. When it comes to soup I like it really hot! The chicken wings was amazing, loaded with flavor. I would highly recommend trying out the wings! The Pad Thai was pretty good.
3	I really only come here for the walnut shrimp. The presentation is great but the flavor is what brings me back. In all honesty the portions are big enough to feed two. The nice thing about the place is that it isn't terribly busy in there so finding a seat is never hard. The waitress we had was always pleasant and the food was brought to the table fairly quickly and hot. A nice surprise they do is that if you dine in you get 15% off your bill. Don't even need to ask for it. I have been to this restaurant twice and the 15% came off both times. Because the service is always good and the food is spot on I will be back to Bangkok 9 for more.
4	Bangkok 9 is my place to go for lettuce wraps.  Those little chicken filled leafs are awesome.  I've tried to replicate them at home.  They came out good but not as good as those at Bangkok 9.  I think it is the sauce that I struggled with the most because I don't know what it is or what is in it.  I tried to make a citrus and soy sauce.  It was not even close to the real thing.  The lesson I learned from this (drum roll please) for the real thing, just go to the restaurant.  They have good food.  The service is hit and miss at times.  There is a young woman working there who speaks perfect English and is attentive.  The older gentleman speaks with broken English and does not always come around to refill drinks.  I don't much care about that, though.  As long as the food is good.  And the food has always been good the times that I have dropped by.  The one time I was the slightest bit disappointed was when I ordered the masarman curry.  It had a great flavor.  I love my meat and potatoes.  What turned me off were the peanuts.  A good portion of them were burnt with a bitter taste.  Whatever.This is an easy place to miss if you do not know where to look.  I had driven by it a few times before I finally spotted it.  It is next to the Pier 1 Imports store in the Walmart shopping center right on Cheyenne and Rainbow.
1	Holy moly.... Do not order any Vietnamese pho from here. It was disgusting!! Tasted like a boullion cube was dropped in the tasteless broth. I ordered summer rolls that deserve to be in the hall of shame. I took one sip of the broth and immediately told the server it was nasty. He looked at me and said most people use hoisin sauce to season it.. Wtf!! No offer to exchange or anything! Stick to Chinese food please, according to these other positive reviews!! I will never come here again. I feel robbed!!
4	Bangkok 9 was pretty good & very nice service. We orded pad thai, crab fried rice, chicken satay, & yum nao (beef salad with chili lime sauce). My boyfriend tried their bbq chicken one time & he said it was dry. Besides that, all of the flavors were good & the prices lower than other thai restaurants. We will be coming back.
2	Bangkok 9 is now just a shadow of its former self.  It is no longer my place to go for lttuce wraps as it no longer has them on the menu.  There is quite a lot missing from the menu now.  My roommate and I walked out last night because they did not have what either of us really wanted.  We wont be back.  Perhaps the food is still good.  I would not know.  For Thai in the North West, I think I'll go to Pin kaow instead.  Its too bad.  The only saving grace fro Bangkok 9 at this time is the iced tea.  It was strong and almost bitter.  Just the way I like my iced tea to be.
1	One of the worst Asian restaurant.  The server smelled like a rotten fish.  Dont buy their Pho.  Its not real pho and the food is over priced.
1	Horrible.The place smelled soo bad, had no choice but to walk right out! no wonder is always so empty...
2	My friends were stopping for some typical American Fast Food, and I knew I could do better.  Bangkok was in the same parking lot to their choice, and I was happy to have something better!All-in-all this place is right in the middle as far as quality, and value go for similar type restaurants, but the service was incredibly friendly!  There are certainly better and certainly worse options available for Thai / Chinese around.I tried both the red curry and the yellow curry.  The flavors were good, but the value was not there compared to other establishments.  I would  come back if I was in the area, but would not seek it out.
1	Used to come in this place quite a lot, but my last time was so crummy I wont be back. brought my kids in here and it's changed. You know how it is when you really like and know a place then you go in and it's different. Service is off, food is off, and prices have gone up. Not worth the hassle. One crappy night at this place was enough to lose me for life. Later!
3	I've been looking for a restaurant that serves Pho on my side of town and I found it! The food was great and the service was OK. I accidentally got some jalapeno in my eye and the waiters were too busy eating and laughing to see if I was OK.
