3	I received some coupons for $10 off $20 and a free pitcher of Bud in the mail. We stopped in last night to redeem a coupon and check out if Timbers was better than our usual PT's. Atmosphere: I enjoy the atmosphere at the PT's gold on St Rose far better. The woodsey theme at Timbers was a tad cheesy. I also don't like that if you want to dine in the "adult" dining room with the TV's, you're in a huge smoking box.. gross. Staff/Service: Staff wasn't terribly attentive or friendly... not bad.. just not what you'd like from a neighborhood locals type spot. Food: Tried the platter so we could sample some different things. Wings were great in flavor, but didn't have much meat on them. Nachos were just OK and came covered in jalepenos after requesting that they be left off. Onion rings.. good.. and cheese sticks were also good. I realize cheese sticks are just frozen and easy to defrost, but somehow I have to give the "chef" some props here.. I've had many ill-defrosted cheese sticks in my life, and these were defrosted to perfection ! Just the right amount of stringy goodness. Overall I find the food, atmosphere and staff far better at PT's, but I can't fault this place on much.. everything was just OK.
3	The bar food is good for what it is, bar food. I love the afternoon and late night specials.  Unfortunately the service if often suspect, that's been consensus at the various location around the city that I've frequented.
3	Timbers is a step above your average Vegas dive bar overall, but definitely a step below a Sierra Gold or even Pt's.  The food is decent but the bar gets smokey easily making it very difficult to eat late night.The restaurant side is good, with fast friendly service.
3	A friend convinced me to come here to play pool. It's a nice, clean bar and the staff was great- very friendly and good service. The pool tables were nice, but at $1/ game I think I'll go shoot somewhere else. But I'll definitely go back for a beer.
3	We've been eating, drinking, and smoking at this particiular Timbers for years now, thanks to Gordon H. and former Timbers manager Neil, and it's has it's ups and downs. It used to be an awesome place, then it got particularly bad, and now it's averaged out. Here's the breakdown:+1 - Cigar friendly. While not as good as it's been in the past, it's also not as bad as it's been either. But we never have to worry about getting a hassle about smoking.+1 - Friendly employees. The friendly employees great you with a hello and remember you if you regular the place.-1 - Douchey employees. Unfortunately, not everyone who works/has worked there is prime-time material. And not just servers or bartenders, but management too. The store manager (at time of writing) is a good guy, but I've seen no signs that upper management has improved from the shitty'ness it's shown in the past.+1 - Decent, dependable food. For the most part, it's nothing special. But it'll be the same every time you come in. And it seems like portions might have improved since a recent down-cut, but some prices have also creeped up.+1 - Comfortable seating. The tables are at a good height, the large leather chairs are comfortable and supportive without putting you in an awkward seating position, and the overall footprint allows people to sit close enough to hear each other.  +0 - Prices. They used to be good, especially at happy hour, but these days, they're just average. Nothing to complain about, but you're not gonna be pleasantly surprised. Overall, we keep coming back because a comfortable bar that we can sit, smoke, eat and drink is a too rare thing these days. If the recent, but slight, upturns continue, this could easily get back to it's 4 star heyday.
5	First things first, this establishment was bought out and is now called Rocky's. Even though my friends and I call it TImbers for sentimental reasons. Plus the obvious street cred it earns us. At first glance this bar is your run of the mill chain. But come here more than twice and not only will the bartenders remember you...they'll befriend you!Rocky's is a great place to have a few beers, pitchers, whatever you're into. Watching football here has become a tradition for my friends and I and they now have fun giveaways during the games. So what I've won the same t-shirt 3 times, winning is winning! They've updated their TV's so now you don't feel like you're watching the game in grandma's basement. Yeah, I'm talking to you. Rocky's is a fun place for any night of the week and you'll be treated like a valued customer, no matter if you're on your 18th game of Golden Tee or have played 7 Journey songs in 30 minutes. The food is good (and cheap during NFL games) and the beer is cold. What more do you need?
