4	Needed a new dentist when I moved to Vegas and took me about a year to find one. Dynamic Dental is convient to my office and has great customer service. They have TVs in the chairs, which helps pass the time for long appointments. Unlike other doctors, Dr Kim and his staff are always on time and gets me in and out quickly.
5	I have a huge phobia of dentists. I've been to 4 different dentists in the past 2 years and didn't let any of them do work on me. After going in for a consult with Dr Kim, he is the first dentist I had confidence in...I was right. He actually LISTENS to you. He is very gentle and when he uses Novocaine, you aren't numb up to your eyeballs. He only numbs the area that needs numbing. I never even felt the injections. No unnecessary work was suggested as other dentists have done.The office is new and clean and all the staff are friendly and professional. I found my dentist. I'm done searching and I think my "phobia" is gone.
5	I love Dr Kim! His staff is also amazing and do such a fantastic job. I've been going to Dr Kim for 4 yrs and I have referred at least 3-4 people. And they are open on saturday! Awesome!
4	Yay! I'm a fan... of the staff and the doctor, but that is as excited as I can get for a dental place. I hate going to the dentist, but this place isn't all too bad. Dr. Kim is very gentle and never makes me feel uncomfortable. I got a teeth cleaning and 2 fillings at this place. He really did a good job on the fillings and I will be going back in 6 months for my next cleaning appointment. I subtracted one star from 5 because I hate dental places, otherwise it would be 5. I know its not fair... but WHAT IS fair in life?;)
2	I had small piece of the veneer of my front teeth shipped, I just moved to North Las Vegas, I not too familiar with the area, since this dental is very close to my place and I had no time in to look for other places in due a meeting I was going to attend, I  decided to call and made a appointment to get it fixed at Dynamic Dental, they made a appointment very quick in the same day, I went there and I was very clear with the assistant in to explain what I need to get done and I asked the price and choices to get it fixed.She said to get a filling with resin was $231.00 and to get a new Veneer only a bargain of: $1265.00!!! And it will take 2 to 4 weeks and need a specialist to make it for the dentist.Of course I opt for the resin, and since I was going to pay in cash they give 10% discount. Anyway, the job didn't take more then 10 min to be done, if you ask me if I'm happy with the service, I will say it didn't worth how much I paid for, the color of the resin don't even match my teeth and I have to ask Doc Kim to make fill it more to look more natural and similar to the format of my teeth.They charged me also a consultation fee, I think it was totally unfair since I got the job done with them and I already said what I need and they didn't even examined my mouth to see if I was going to need more things done... Anyway, I was in a rush and I didn't have time to argue, I end up paying $256.90 in cash for a service I was not happy with.I don't recommend this place and of course they will never see me again.Ripoff!!!
5	I love Dr. Kim and his Staff.  Even I live in henderson, I don't mind to drive all the way back there to see him. It's hard to find a nice and good Dentist. I'm luck to find him. He is always on time and good care the patients.
1	This place sucks!  Hubby came in for a horrible toothache and needed a root canal! The dentist couldn't numb him even after about 4 shots n the guy had the nerve to show frustration as if he was being poked in the mouth! Long story short he gave us a referral to a specialist for root canal therapy along w instructions to return after for the crown.Beyond the obvious signs we chose to return and let him finish the job. Quoted one number... Go in get the crown and leave. Hubby gets home and I check him out only to become livid w the work! The "crown" looked like a stick of chalk with a metal plate on the side! I've never seen this before! The kicker...... I got a second bill in the mail! Psssssh they owe us!! GTFO! I wouldn't advise anyone to let this dr touch them with a 10ft pole
2	The doctor is very friendly, and the assistants as well, but the receptionist is the rudest one I have ever seen at a doctor's office.
5	Dynamic Dental provides superior dental work at a reasonable cost. Dr. Kim is highly skilled and has a terrific chairside manner.  He also has a very customer-oriented staff.   I've been seeing him since 2010 and have no plans to change, even though I moved almost 20 miles away in 2013.
5	Dr. Kim and his staff are the most professional and courteous of any dental office ever I been. I have always been afraid of visiting dentist because of lots of bad experience from other dental office. Dr. Kim fixed all shit works from other dentists. Very reasonable price!! He always listens to patients and takes the time needed for each patient. Always explain what he is doing and why need to do. Never ask and sell what you don't need it. I also heard there is a dental lab inside his office, so all crowns made from his office. Fast and accurate!!!So lucky to find him as my Dentist. Very highly recommends.
5	Friendly staff, clean office, kind and professional dentist are what we as patients look for. This place has them all. What I'm confident about Dr. Kim on top of his professional services and kindness is his HONESTY. I've been to several other dentists and they ALL  tried getting cash out of my pocket with unnecessary procedures but Dr. Kim doesn't.  I highly recommend Dynamic Dental for everyone!
5	Dr. Kim and his staff are the most professional and courteous of any dental office ever I been. I have always been afraid of visiting dentist because of lots of bad experience from other dental office. Dr. Kim fixed all shit works from other dentists. Very reasonable price!! He always listens to patients and takes the time needed for each patient. Always explain what he is doing and why need to do. Never ask and sell what you don't need it. I also heard there is a dental lab inside his office, so all crowns made from his office. Fast and accurate!!!So lucky to find him as my Dentist. Very highly recommends
5	Dr Kim and his staff are really considerate and patient. The office is clean and neat. I realized that they have a inside dental lab too. The dentists get the crowns there which makes everything fast and accurate. I highly recommend this dental office.  They are professional and amazing!
2	I used this place a few months back for a cleaning. I liked the dental technician a lot, so I knew I would be back to this place. I have a tooth that is aching, but do not have insurance. I called today and spoke with Lisa.  She would not give me any information to help me prepare for the cost.  She just kept telling me that they have to do an exam ($49) before she could tell me anything. I told her I understand she can't diagnose me over the phone, and I just needed an average or even just an estimate of the cost of a routine filling, and she still kept being difficult.  She kept saying that it could need a root canal or something else. Even though I explained I understand that, she still wouldn't give me any kind of a price range.  She could have easily just said our most basic filling is this much, and the most extensive root canal is this much. That would have made me happy enough, and given me enough information to make a decision. Why would I come in and pay $49 for an exam to find out the filling is too expensive and have to go elsewhere to pay for another exam?  The funny thing is, I can remember coming in to the office for my initial cleaning the first time, and her being very rude.  I even told the tech about it, and asked her to mention it to the doctor. He should be aware that his first line customer service is poor, and this just sends people elsewhere.  At this first visit, I explained to the dental tech, that after dealing with the receptionist, I had decided not to return to their office, but the tech did such a good job and was so friendly, I decided I was going to return. Well, this is strike two, and there will not be a strike three. In a city that has a dental office on every corner, I don't have to, nor will I, settle for anything less than complete professionalism and politeness. The only reason I am giving a 2 instead of a 1 is because I did like the technician on my first visit. Sure hope Dr. Kim reads this.
5	Didn't know I could leave a dental office review. Let's see, I get my teeth cleaned twice a year and it is the best job and price I have ever had as far as dentistry goes. I just had a filling replaced because it was loose (original was done at a different dentist office years back)  the shots to numb me, didn't even feel those. They numbed my bum to ensure the shots were uncomfortable. Then during the filling process, dentist made sure I felt nothing before digging in. Talking to me to keep me relaxed. Assistant with suction didn't let me drool on myself which was a first. Seriously,  getting my filling done was an inconvenience for my time but nothing else. No pain, no discomfort, friendly staff. What more can I ask for from a dentist?  Though I hope I never have any more fillings, if i do this is where I will be going as I have been coming here for cleanings for years. Even if you don't have insurance they have care credit which I did a few years back and guess what...they don't rip you off or try to tell you that you need shit when you don't. Honesty and integrity at this office was refreshing.Thank you everyone from the receptionist to the dentist. Awesome staff and very skilled at what you men and women do  I used to be so nervous going to the dentist and I was this time because I never had a filling go so easy.... I take care of my teeth best I can but I know if I ever need to have a procedure done, I won't be sweating and nervous as I have been every other trip to the dentist. I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS OFFICE!!!
5	Been going to this office since they opened and have always been happy with Dr. Kim and his staff. They remember me each time and are very good with my kids. Last this I was in they already had my new insurance information before I even told them that it had changed. It's nice to have such personal service.
