2	Located in The Venetian Food Court, and right by the full fledged Taqueria Canonita is this little splash of Food Court splash.  After doing a quick wander around, I settled on Canonita Express for their relatively inexpensive Mexican dishes.  It was a tough call, because the miscellaneous Asian restaurant was handing out free Chicken Teriyaki samples - and I am a huge sucker for both free stuff, and food on sticks.But Canonita Express won me over, and I ordered myself a chicken enchilada in particular.  The staff behind the counter was friendly, but the food was only mediocre at best.  The red rice tasted kinda funky and there weren't nearly enough beans.  It wasn't bad by any means, but what bumped this place down to two stars instead of three is that nagging feeling at the end of my meal that I would have been better off at the misc. Asian spot.  And if that's not a damning realization, I don't know what is.
1	Canonita Express, you ought to be ashamed of yourself! I craved excellence and you gave me crap.  I ordered a carne asada burrito with rice and beans that came on the side that cost me $9 and you served me nasty wrapped in a tortilla.  First off, your carne asada lacked flavor.  Blan as hell ...::shakes head::... Then the burrito was filled with peppers and onions.  Well, if you were gonna slice it into the size equilvalent of giving me fajitas instead of diced up like a burrito, you couldve at least sauteed them! ...::shakes head::... Eeew then you drench it in some red sauce that tasted like you borrowed it from Taco Bell! Seriously?!I should've just waited til I got back home and got a wonderous burrito for $4.95! ...::shakes head::...
2	Nah, not great food, but at least it's cheap. Food gets 2 stars, but price gets 3 stars.3 tacos for $5.25 - tasted like it was from taco bell.2 chicken tostadas for $6 something - tasted like mush, but cheapsalsa & chips for under $2 and they gave a lot of salsa.Is this place great? No. Would I go back again? No.Is it cheap? Yes.
2	2.0 StarsCanonita Express is located in the mall-like eatery in the Venetian Grand Canal Shoppes. Apparently it's the little sister restaurant of Taqueria Canonita, also located in the vicinity. Despite Taqueria Canonita having better reviews, I don't see Canonita Express living up to the standards of its elder sibling.Like with most mall-like eateries, the food won't exactly be stellar, but it's quick, convenient, and relatively cheap. I decided to try the steak taco platter for $7.50 and it came with 2 crispy tacos, rice, and beans . The chicken version went for $0.50 cheaper.The tacos had a nice crisp and the Pico de Gallo on the side was fresh. The steak itself didn't have much flavor, but the hot sauce packets did help. The beans and rice were mediocre at best.My food came out relatively fast and our server was friendly enough to provide refills on my water. Aside from these factors, I feel there are better options in the food court to try like "Awesome Panda".
3	I didn't eat there so this is going to be sweet and short people:If you find yourself thirsty and craving a beer while around the Venetian, this place is worth checking out: during happy hours (5-7 pm), Dos Equis drafts are $3 and margaritas (loaded with ice, but stil) are $5.Sit down, unwind and enjoy the fake Italy surrounding you. It's not that bad when your expectations are rightly set.Repeat, and leave to get dinner somewhere else.
4	Pork Belly Tacos; Cheat Day! Great Margaritas.
3	Typical Vegas resturant... big price little food... ordered the three taco plate, it was good, rice and beans were good... BF started with the 11$ spinach salad... it was really tasty and almost worth that high price. I ordered the $5 happy hour wine and it was awful.. Id stick with beer in the future. Was decent but had better mexican in vegas.. the atmosphere was nice sitting on their 'patio' by the water where the gondolas passed.
