2	I miss you, Marshall Fields. You were the "fancy" department store with the upstairs dining room, had Santa Bears during the holidays, carried well-curated fashions for young and old and had the best -- the best -- shoe department. I weep for you.Macy's, I keep trying to pretend you're not any different, but I can't. You're middle-of-the-road with hints at class, you're Penney's with a red lipstick veneer, your store brand clothes are cheaply made and you called the jeans I searched high and low for an "impulse buy" while not honoring any coupons (like your other stores do).Since when are jeans an "impulse buy?" Macy's, please shape up. The discerning customers of Madison deserve more.
2	Macy's is not Marshall Fields, nor will it ever be.  Maybe it is more like Marshall's, without the low prices.  It is 100 degrees inside, and trying to move around the obstacle course of products jammed in the aisles is annoying at best.  God help you if there is ever a fire.
4	I love Macy's. It adds a little more to the men's clothing shopping status here in Madison. They have lots of great quality brands and a wide range of prices to fit everyone's needs. The location is spectacular, right smack-dab in the middle of the Hilldale Shopping Centre. You can't miss it and if you do... I think it's time for GPS haha. Anyways the staff at this particular which is great. It is almost like you have your own personal shopper while in there. They aid you in anything you need and will even carry items you might want to try on! It is great. Def. a 4 star for Macy's. Only four stars because it could be a little better well-kept, but it might be because they are always busy.
2	This Macy's apparently got the short end of the stick compared to other Macy's stores. I used to think that Macy's was more upscale until this Macy's replaced Marshall Fields (which was excellent) in Madison, WI. The highlight of  Macy's is definitely their sales - you can get some pretty good deals if you go at the right time - and they offer many ways to get at the sales, such as offering the option of donating clothes.The make up counters are nice, but service is not always readily available.The juniors/young adult section is definitely lacking, and the formal dress section often has damaged dresses without discounts for their damage.
1	I wanted to give Macy's more stars.  I wavered between 1 and 2 stars, but based on my last experience there, I can't give it anything but 1 star.  I WANT to like Macy's, because it's convenient to be able to buy many different things in one place.  I went there last fall with the primary intention of buying perfume for myself (just another bottle of Clinique Happy).First, however, I stopped in the men's department to buy my husband some dress shirts.  A sales associate said hello to me, but then watched me riffle through shirts for greater than 20 minutes, as I was trying to find my husband's size, without offering to help.Next stop was handbag department to get a bag for an interview.  This department actually did please.  The girl working there was extremely helpful and attentive.Last stop was Clinique counter.  One associate was doing a makeup application.  The other was checking someone out.  Waited awhile, just needed to get my bottle of Happy and go.  Then the "other" went over and chatted with another person for awhile, telling me she'd be "right with me".  Then went into their employee area to do something else.  I seriously waited more than 10 minutes for someone to help me.  Finally, the associate who had been doing the makeup saw me, asked if she could help me (as she's trying to check out the person she did makeup for), grabbed my perfume, and checked me out right after. Getting service was like pulling teeth. Maybe it is because I was wearing scrubs ( I am a physician) but I am a firm believer that all people should be treated equal.  Especially at Macy's!
2	I miss Marshall Fields.I'm not sure what happened with this store, but it's generally a mess.  I needed a few things for a last minute interview and thought Macy's would be the most convenient place.The men's section was a complete mess.  I rifled through pants and dress shirts for about 15 or 20 minutes before anyone came over to help.  The sizes were so out of order that it took the sales associate quite a while to find anything in my size.  At least the associate who helped me was very nice.As far as department stores in Madison go, sadly this is probably your best bet.
2	Shopping a department store during the holidays and Yelp's Shop Local Pledge? FOR SHAME!But hear me out, there are some things I simply can't find shopping the little guys. (Apologies to the entire small business community but I plan to spend some dough with you guys too!) Not really much to say about the place outside from the fact that it's a hot mess. At least in the men's section everything is way too close together, It's so hard to tell what collection goes with what, and bright red signs make you think things are on sale, but they're not. Use those little scanner thingies to check before you make your way to the cashier. I know during the holiday season you have to cut these guys some slack, we're lucky that everything is on a table or hanging and not laying on the floor right? Eh, I guess so. But I'm always prepared to spend more than I actually do at places like this because it's so hard to navigate and I wind up gettin' the sweats and have to leave.
3	Technically, I didn't buy anything...buuuuut I did try.I was looking for a new work/dance/life bag which goes with me everywhere I prance along. There were a few cool selections. Ex, I'm digging the latest Coach stuffs, and a few other Macy's bags.The kicker? I can buy the exact same bag on Amazon or online for like, 20-30% less. Super bumsies for Macy's. Sorry!This chick is saving pennies via the internets.  Customer service though, was very sweet. They were helpful (to their own capacity) and seemed like they really enjoyed picking out selections for me.  Maybe another day Macy's.
3	Ok, it's Macy's.  We all know them, but I wish that Marshall Fields was still around. I hate going through racks of clothing so jam packed it can become impossible to shop and browse.  They've tried to make this a first class experience (and I'm only giving 3 stars cuz of good name brands and customer service) but this messy and small store is nothing like Macy's on Michigan Ave in Chicago.
2	I have to start by saying that I almost never go into Macy's. Here in Madison it is located in a rather upscale mall that caters to an older adult crowd. Today I was in the area and decided to kill some time. I really want to like Macy's. I started in the bag department and they had some nice things. Here is the thing they are soooo over priced. I then went into shoes and then to the plus size women's area. I ended my time in lingerie. I could not find anything I was willing to buy. They have good quality goods but why would I pay double? For the most part the staff was also not friendly. I met one sweet lady in the lingerie department.
1	I've been to this store several times over the past few months, always visiting with the intention of buying something (shoes, shirts, sweaters, pants...). Always leave empty handed.- Store was in complete disarray. On a Wednesday afternoon. Nearly empty. Very, very unkempt- Not a single soul available to help, even when I searched around... - Nothing on sale, unless I wanted to open a Macy's card- Everything is super crowded/difficult to navigate- The clearance racks were a complete nightmare- Selection/variety - meh. I give-up. Done trying to buy something from here.
1	I came here to buy a winter coat. I'm tall and you don't cater to talls. In fact you had no coats that fit me in the arms. I understand that. Not many places do (almost no one--I order online now from a different retailer.) I spent hours trying to find the proper size coat to just try on. Why? Your coat section looked like a bomb went off in it. I used to do sales and go into homes--and your store's coat department looked worse than a hoarder's living room. Nothing was where it should have been--and things were piled up, Zippers on coats were damaged, and not a thing was in it's proper place. It was like digging for a needle in a haystack. It was like a crap shoot. The main reason I put finger to keyboard? Your employee accused me of STEALING MY OWN COAT!!!!!! I was asked to return what I was wearing to the rack!!!! I had to show the woman the cat hair on mine, and lead her to the Kenneth Cole coats you did sell that were not the same as mine--and it was kind of a big deal. I would compare the experience to a sailor lost in the middle of the Atlantic Ocean while surrounded by dense fog with sharks circling the boat. Wow. I'll never return. Not even to buy Mac.
4	The Clinique counter staff at Macy's Hilldale in Madison is very helpful, warm, friendly and professional. Viktoria took my number and called me when an item came in that had temporarily sold out. Happy and quick transaction.
2	I've been to this store a few times, and yesterday's visit was nothing unusual. The clearance racks were in disarray, and there was a HUGE amount of clothing by the fitting room, waiting to be put away (normally I paw through it but the rack was too full to move anything around). I went to the ladies room and could not believe the smell in there. It was perfume, really strong, heavy perfume. I thought I was going crazy until I washed my hands and saw the perfume tester strips by the sink - there were a couple between all the sinks, which looked intentional to me. Then, in the fitting room, there was more of the same stuff floating in the air. It gave me a headache and basically chased me out of the store.
4	I love Macy's! I enjoy shopping for all the name brands they currently carry. Their only down fall.... the cosmetics and accessory counters never have any of their girls available! It never fails!! And it's annoying!!!
5	I was a little surprised to see so many negative reviews about this location! My husband and I went in on Monday, 11/30, to look at a few Michael Kors handbags; unfortunately we were short on time and didn't get to see the entire store. However, the parts that we did tour (Men's clothing and the handbag area) were both extremely clean, organized and seemed to be surprisingly well-stocked with popular/good looking items. We had been a little disillusioned recently, by other department stores, due to lack of selection. A lot of places seem to be falling off the cart when it comes to knowing what is "in style" now. We were both happy to see that this Macy's location was not one of them. When we came to the handbag area (which was also very clean and nicely laid out) a very pleasant older woman (I think her name was Sandra) greeted us and informed us of a pre-sale that was going on. We walked out of Macy's having reserved 2 Michael Kors handbags (I'm a lucky girl this Christmas! : ) . However, we probably would not have gotten two, if it weren't for Sandra, who gave us the 25% pre-sale discount on BOTH bags (one of which was already marked down as "on sale"). I went into this Macy's not really expecting to see a good selection of handbags, but I was pleasantly surprised. Because of their willingness to work with you on price, I WILL return to this Macy's. :)
1	When this store was Marshall Field's, I was a regular shopper.  It was always clean and neat with friendly associates who were willing to go the extra mile to make you happy.  Fast forward to 2014 and Macy's.  This store is in constant disarray.  It amazes me how crammed the racks are.  It makes it difficult to walk in departments without getting hit in the arms or the back.  There selection of Men's big and tall is totally non existent.  Every department is either so jumbled with clothing that it is impossible to shop or their tables are just piled (not folded) with so much stuff that you just wanna pass it by.  Then there is the subject of their employees.  RUDE.  They could care less about how their department looks.  All they are concerned with is when is my shift over and when do I get paid.   There are many other choices that I have to shop at and I will always choose those over Macy's.
1	I almost never shop at Macy's for some of the very reasons other reviewers listed.  I was given a gift card early this year and finally decided to stop in ... a decision I still regret.  I was in the purse department, the in house Christmas music was overshadowed by the ear splitting rock music coming from the MAC cosmetics area.  (I cannot imagine the noise on the opposite of the store.) It was annoying to the point, I went to another level of the store.While in the accessory department, I notice items haphazardly all over, no organization, you had to dig through piles to find anything.  The women's department was not much better.  I was disappointed in the quality and selection.If not for the gift card, I would not be shopping here, nor would I recommended it, especially for families.  The tiny one person escalators would not be easy to maneuver if you had a squirming child.
