4	Good local pizza, this is an expansion of the original Mamma's Pizza in Mint-Hill, NC (www.mammasofminthill.com). Just about everything is good. I'm a big fan of Grandma's Pizza!!! We order it every time. The Grandma is not the typical pizza so read about the ingredients before getting it but gotta tell you it is good.
3	This is typical southern- New York style pizza, and I don't mean Staten Island. I mean it is what they think New York style pizza is south of the Mason-Dixie line. With that said it isn't bad, but if you close your eyes you aren't going to think you are in Brooklyn.
5	Great pie! They know how to make pizza here. Crust, sauce and cheese are all done right.
4	These guys are FROM NY ... so I don't know what the other reviewer is talking about when he says "it is what they think New York style pizza is south of the Mason-Dixie line."    Say what???  Clown...   It's not the BEST around, but it's pretty damn close.  And yeah, I'm from Long Island and I'm fat.. from too much pizza .. so I know what I'm talking about.  ;)
3	Visitied Mamma's Pizza Express because someone had a "taste for pizza."  Well, she got the cheese pizza with fries (delicious crinkle cut that were not overcooked) and she loved it.  I opted for a Vegetarian Hero sandwich.  However, the italian is something I must stay away from - it was too much.  I was unable to eat half of a half!  When you visit Mamma's Pizza Express, you may want to stick with the pizza...
4	I cannot speak to whether this is an expansion of the Mamma's in Mint Hill, or even if they are related or not.  My guess is that if they are, they simply moved, since that location is no longer open, and they really are not that far apart when it comes to distance.  Maybe they just like being near a Lowes Foods, and moved down the road.Whatever the case, I can say that this particular location is pretty sweet.  When you walk in, you get that smell of pizza.  In no small part because as soon as you open the door, you are looking at their pies, just like if you are in New York.  Marketing?  Sure, but it works.This is one of the few places that you can find slices at any time of day - not just at lunch.  You can also order up plenty of pasta varieties, and even if you are not a kid, you can order from the kids menu, if you think they other selections are too large (as some have mentioned).Though located in a strip mall, the atmosphere is just fine, the food does not suffer.  The only downside is perhaps on the service when they are busy.  But well worth a trip, and just off 485, it is very easy to get in and get out.As a side note, they have a family special where you get two pies, a massive plate of pasta for a ridiculously low price. Feeding the family, or a birthday party of kids? Try it, it's tough to beat. Also ask for some sriracha. It goes surprisingly well on pizza.
5	Amazing New York style pizza and food for a very reasonable price!
4	So I tried this place that I  wasn't even aware of nearby for a quick slice of pepperoni.  It was dead inside, but they did have some slices already to go.  I was a little concerned about how long the slices had been sitting out, but they were actually really good.  Not quite up to Tony's, but not too far off.  I am looking forward to trying more of the menu!
4	Pizza - Nice Thin Crust, A-OK Sauce - Perfect Cheese (no blend) all Mozzarella   -  - Onions sliced perfectly thin and the Salami had GREAT flavor and was very good reheated the next day and the next!  Since this is a Pizza Place the Pizza is Carrying All four stars and the rest of the food is neither bringing my rating up nor down - It is just for my information and yours - the only reason I will not eat here again is location and options that I like better!Spagetti with "Meat Sauce" (Meatballs chopped up with extra sauce on top).  Huge portion and great value if flavor was not a factor (to me flavor is a huge factor)!  This was a super thick sauce, very meaty though lacking flavor!  3 yelp stars. The pasta tasted like it had just been cooked for me, perfectly firm and well drained though lacking any special flavor, so it is better than the typical noodles 3.5 starsGarlic knots had real garlic though were a little over cooked for me, too dry and lacking flavor, they were included with the Pasta dish. 3.75 yelp starsCannoli with a shell Dipped in Chocolate the filling had GREAT Flavor Perfect the shell was not soggy though it was close, not crisp at all!  may have been stuffed too early!  5 stars on the filling and 3 on the shell!
3	I normally take the advice good or bad from other yelpers and visit certain establishments.  So yesterday I decided to go to mamma's pizza and well I was really excited and well................I went in ordered my food and it was ready sooner than I thought it would be.  I tried several different things to get a feel for the place, I got a meat lovers pizza, mild chicken wings, a side salad, garlic bread, and some tiramisu.  Well I enjoyed the wings that I thought was hot (even though they were mild) and the garlic bread.  The pizza well, not a fan I honestly think that sbarro's pizza taste better.  I know a lot of yall will think that I'm out of my mind, but it's just how I feel.  When it comes to the tiramisu, I got a really big portion than I'm use to which was a good thing because I really enjoyed it.  It wasn't as uniformed as I'm use to but it was a good piece of tiramisu.  I'm a southern girl so I guess with me all versions of New York style pretty much taste the same even though Sbarro's is the leader....lol, don't be mad I like the chicken, bread and tiramisu.  I will visit again to try the different pasta's.
5	Mamas pizza is a great little place with a touch of NY? The owners and employees are very nice and very hard workers. Their pizza and other menu items are very good with reasonable prices. I highly recommend Mamas Pizza in Stallings NC.
5	Great food! Love the new wine selections!
5	These Guys make a very good NY style Pizza!   I would recommend this place to anyone that loves NY style Pizza.
5	They changed owners, but still a great place to eat. I love that you can custom make your food to some extent when they are not busy. I love chicken francaise, the portions are hearty, and they make mine with spinach and sun dried tomato. They also now serve real veal cutlet, instead of parm they made a breaded cutlet for me with francaise sauce. YUMMY!!  Never had a bad meal, the rolls are nice and yeasty, pizza is also very good especially the white pizza and grandma's pizza. The home made Tiramisu is good but its not Kathy's lol!
5	Awesome pizza. Real mozzarella. Owners are great. Best place this side of Charlotte.
5	So...you all know me and my love of food. The new owners of Mama's on Idlewild by 485, he is a graduate of Johnson and Wales, cooked in Italy AND if you want to custom make a dish - YOU MAKE FUN OF ME FOR IT BUT (I'm infamous lol!)  - but he LOVES custom requests!!! He says he likes when someone comes in and challenges him with an order. Where can you get that in Charlotte/Matthews/Mint Hill area?! As for catering they do it all even six foot subs. The pizza is really, REALLY good. If you give him at least two weeks notice (more I think for Mozzarella) he can MAKE home made Cavatelli, Gnocchi, Mozzarella. I was like, "WHAT!? How did we all not know this?!" So...please, the food and service is amazing already but to make home made pasta and mootz - you can't beat it!  He enjoys fresh ingredients, I loved their version of Cavatelli as it is healthier than the one I grew up with that was buried with butter lol! But they can make it that way too. I love the idea of chopped mozzarella over the top - which is when he said they can make it home made. Oh, and I had the Limoncella Marscapone Cake tonight as a 'sample' --- holy cow, AMAZING. They hope to eventually be able to make their own pastries/cakes but this one is to die for. Creamy, light, lemony - I LOVE marscapone cheese and a lot of places don't do it because its expensive or not as much in demand. MUST HAVE DESSERT!Do yourself a favor, whether you are from up North or here as a local, great Italian food, service is amazing, timely and gracious. They get to know you on a regular basis by name just like the old days where, "everybody knows your name." Truly can't beat fresh Italian 'new' food and classics in the local area! Can't wait to do a catering order with them, trust me you'll love the fantastic service, quality of food, a great meal for your money. Enjoy while you can because at this rate this young man will be expanding - just hope we don't lose him any time soon!
1	Mama's Pizza was our favorite place to eat every Sunday, and after the owner's changed, we gave it a shot.  Sadly, the pizza crust was burned, the service was sub-par, and the every table near us was complaining to the new owners about messed up orders and improperly cooked food.  Of course, i'm sure some of this was due to the change in ownership and their getting their feet wet.  We pass the restaurant now, and remember the good food we used to get there.
5	I always love New York style pizza and Mama's Pizza and Pasta hit the spot.  I ordered a pepperoni pizza and it had a good mix of cheese, sauce and pepperoni that the whole family Loved!  I was pleased with how friendly & inviting the staff were.  I look forward to going back to try the pasta that looks delicious. I Highly recommend the restaurant for dine in or carry out.
2	2 1/2 stars. Not all bad but less than OK overall. Frankly I decided to try this place because of the talk about the new owner being a Johnson & Wales grad but ......I was in the mood to try a slice of their pizza but I got there late and the sliced pizza was old. Too bad since the crust still looked promising. The garlic rolls looked NOTHING like the ones Rod photographed. These were undercooked, in need of butter, garlic, cheese and anything else. 1 starThe marinara wanna be that came with it had the color, consistency and taste of concentrated tomato paste nothing else- Catsup awful! Here is a hint, if nothing else marinara should be the color of tomatoes, not dark as beet juice. 0 starsRavioli alla Mama - cheese Ravioli with Prosciutto, mushrooms & sun dried  tomatoes in pink sauce ($11) Ravioli soup is more like it, they were served in a bowl drowning in sauce. I couldn't find trace of prosciutto or mushrooms either but way too generous with slices of sun dried tomatoes (it's the only thing showing in the photo)  Know what ? no one wants mouthfuls of that stuff, it's meant to be used sparingly. Aside from that I poured a little black pepper and parmesan on top and it wasn't not all bad 2 starsThe Apple Gorgonzola salad looks nothing like in Chad's picture either. The apple is shredded thin, loaded with iceberg lettuce, there's hardly any gorgonzola and has way too much dry chicken on top. But it still tastes pretty good so OK3 starsThe Bruschetta is really good, I wouldn't expect any better from what is essentially a pizza joint.4 stars (!) Honestly when I left I was feeling pretty annoyed, there's way too much b/s in the latest 5 star reviews. Makes for highly counter-productive way to build a business if you ask me.
3	I am rounding up because I think this place may have potential.  A couple things we tried were 2 star worthy while other things were 3 star worthy.  It is definitely not one of those places where you can walk in, close your eyes, point to any item on the menu and expect satisfaction.They were pretty packed on Friday night and for take out they were quoting a 35 minute wait so I actually thought that was a good sign.  I was quickly reminded that I am off of Idlewild road in Matthews, heading towards Indian Trail so I may need to get my expectations in check.  They were easily packed because there are only about 5 restaurants in the whole area but I was still excited to give it a try.Anyway, here's the deal:  The girl at the counter deterred us from trying a pizza or a stromboli because she said that would nearly double our wait time and we were just looking to carry out so we went in a different direction.  NOTE:  The pizza's looked awesome so that may be the route to go if we ever return.We ordered the meatball sub, the buffalo chicken salad and a side of meatballs.  The Buffalo chicken salad was pretty much gross.  The "buffalo" chicken that was smacked on top was breaded with some type of oil-drenched breading, appeared to be plastic and the chicken itself didn't even resemble real meat.  It was disgusting in all honesty.  It was slapped on top of a bed of iceberg lettuce and I don't' think there was anything else in the salad.  I think I saw a strand or two of onions and it had some cheddar cheese along with about 4 fatty pieces of bacon.  It was served with ranch dressing.  The meatballs were OK but the marinara sauce was tangy and didn't taste homemade in my opinion.  The meatballs had the right consistency but not a ton of flavor.  They could have used more garlic or maybe some basil.  They were definitely edible but just not amazing.The meatball sub was everything I stated above except on a toasted hoagie.  Nothing special, rather soggy (we did take it to go) and just a little above average.  Moral of the story?  I would call ahead next time and I would stick to the pizza and/or stromboli because they looked fresh and they seemed to be the most popular items on the menu.  I wouldn't stray too far from those items.
4	We live nearby and always go with take out, so I can't speak to the service. We first tried mammas several years ago before the change of ownership and found it wanting. Once we gave it a try under the new owner we were pleasantly surprised. Great Stromboli, subs, and pizza. Best in the area.
3	After living in NY Tri state area for over ten years with many wonderful national/international cuisines, I had high expectations from a restaurant labeling itself with "NY style food". I was disappointed, but sympathetic to their effort.This place is touch and go on the weekends. My family usually orders pizza (toppings are fresh and the crust is tasty) and my young daughter prefers a Stromboli. The service is usually satisfactory, but the wait time is long.
5	I love mama's.   Their sauce is authentic tasting and reminds me of my deployment to Northern Italy during desert storm.
5	Great service and AMAZING NY style pizza, love it! Go there all the time with our friends and my Husband. The pizza had so much flavor and never disappoints. Owner is very kind.
5	This is the best pizza around!  I am pretty picky about pizza... You can not go wrong. I especially love their meatballs as a topping. So so tasty! For pizza lovers, it's a MUST try.
2	After reading all the positive reviews here about this place, we were excited to give it a try.  Unfortunately I cannot recommend Mama's based on the pizza we were served.  It's a shame, because the pizza could have been very good ... the cheese was plentiful, the sauce tasty, and the crust nicely crunchy on the bottom. But it was all pretty much ruined by the huge amount of what appeared to be grease on top.  The wife did her best to sop it up with napkins, but still she could only finish one piece before she proclaimed she couldn't eat any more.  I usually down 4 or 5 slices myself, and I was quite hungry at the time.  But even with my strong stomach the load of grease took it's toll and I couldn't finish more than 2.  I could understand if we had ordered a ton of peperoni and sausage on the pizza, but this was a cheese pizza!  The waitress was attentive and helpful, the ambiance on par with other small pizzerias around Charlotte.  But the pizza was ruined by someone on the cook /prep staff.  ( note: we took what we couldn't eat home in a box to see if would be nosh-worthy cold, which I usually love the next day.  The abundant grease on top had congealed into semi-solid pools.  yech!)
4	Love the food and pizza is BEST in the area. Girls behind counter need to tie their hair up..one was playing with her long hair at the counter near where pizza is made. That is my only complaint. Otherwise they would get 5 stars.
4	good italian food, reasonably priced
