4	I found this Beauty School on line. I looked up Beauty Schools in the neighborhood and this one came up. I called and made an appt. Three days later was my appt. Upstairs in Fiesta Mall.However, they had no record of my having an appt.But, just after a short wait I had a girl to do my hair. Samaria. She was a sweet girl who did a wonderful job on my hair. She was very careful and I was very pleased. Only $25.00 ,how could it get better than this!   Good place to go to. The prices can't be beat. They even do mani pedi here as well. The parking is in the mall so there is a lot.
4	I probably get my hair cut like once a year because every time it's been disastrous but my visit here was very satisfactory!! All I wanted was long layers and angles and my stylist did just that. Was a bit nervous at first since it is a beauty school, but my hair turned out great! Shampoo, cut, and blowdry was only $7.50! Hell, I can't even get a burrito for that price.
4	I have been coming here fairly regularly and am normally very happy with the results. Each time I make an appointment, however, they are typically running 30-45 minutes late and it takes FOREVER to complete the appointment. I got my hair colored here one time and was in the place for close to 4 hours.... a little ridiculous. For the most part, all of the students are really friendly and meticulous. The instructors are always roaming around to make sure the students are doing what they should be and they also check the students' work. I would recommend going here, just make sure you have a whole day free.
5	OMG! I am soooo happy I found this beauty school. I have gone to many beauty schools but this one is THE BEST. Why you may ask? Well first off, the prices are unbeatable. You won't find cheaper at any other school-PROMISE. Second, it looks like a beautiful salon inside. You cant tell that it is even a school. Beautiful inside. Third, the student I had named Alanna gave me the best flat iron I have EVER had. That includes all professional services (and I am from Los Angeles-include them too). Wow. I was so impressed. I paid $13 for a shampoo and flat iron. Mind you my hair is down to my waist-no extra charge for long hair! I am SO happy I found this place. It is located in the Fiesta Mall which just adds to its greatness!!!! Go check it out!!! Their hours are great too! On Saturdays they are open until 5pm!
3	Ok first, the receptionist was on her phone and sitting with her feet up when I came in. Didn't greet me until I stared at her for a good minute at the desk. Got signed in and waited for 20 minutes with nobody in line. Don't come here for mani/pedi, as the students are more trained with hairstyling even though they provide different services like facials, mani/pedi/, waxing etc... I got a great shampoo, deep condition, haircut and blow dry from Felis for $12! She took her time and was really personable. The mani/pedi package wasn't as great because you sit in this awkward tile stage and the student sits uncomfortably on a stool. They also aren't trained with using tools that dig into your toes like other nail salons so my feet don't feel as clean. I come home and the nail polish had already chipped, I could've done it myself. You get what you paid for I guess. They lost 2 stars because of customer service and their lame nail salon set up! Tsk tsk!
