4	Authentic Mexican cuisine with a vast menu, friendly owner and staff, tacky in a good way decor, and delicious food and drinks at a decent price! Free chips and salsa and big portions, too! I cannot wait to come back. My chicken fajitas were so good that I kept eating beyond capacity. They have a good tequila selection for a neighborhood Mexican place, as well.
1	Terrible service. It took 20 minutes before we saw our waiter. My wife's shrimp dish was cold, and had to be sent back. My Chile Colorado was tough and stringy. The flavor was marginal at best. There are many decent Mexican restaurants in Pittsburgh and a few really good ones. This is at the bottom of the pile.We will not return.
2	I like the fish tacos and have ordered them several times before. But today I stopped by to place an order and was completely ignored. The person at the front desk just kept speaking Spanish to someone who worked there and never made eye contact. I left without ordering.
2	Nothing extraordinary here.  At least we have something Mexican in the Fox Chapel area.
4	i'm honestly surprised how few stars this place is getting. i loved everything about it and the only thing that held me back from 5 stars was the chile relleno. let me explain.so, chile relleno's are my favorite mexican dish, but every restaurant does them differently, as try as i might, i can't help but judge a place by this dish. i do have this say, this was probably the worst one i've had. not inedible or anything, just not at all how i like the dish to be made. BUT the quesadilla i had as well was delicious and i gobbled up the whole thing. i also had a yummy mango frozen margarita. the amount of different kinds of margaritas (different tequillas, different flavors, different styles) was surprising.i also love the atmosphere. when we first walked in, my friend said how her work friends like to go there when they're having a bad day because it's so cheerful. lots of colorful mexican art all over the tables, booths, chairs, everything.the bill was also relatively reasonable. on the high side of reasonable perhaps, but wouldn't stop me from coming back.
5	I'm honestly shocked at how poor the reviews are and how few stars this place is getting. I've NEVER had an issue here, but to be fair I've only ever dined in the restaurant for lunch and dinner.Pros:-I've never had to wait for seating-Within 2mins of sitting down I have chips, salsa, and a drink order placed if not filled-I never feel rushed by the servers who are always very helpful-The drinks are good, STRONG (you probably don't need that double you thought about) and don't take long to get to you-The food is all authentic Mexican cuisine and is probably the best I've had in Pittsburgh to date. Always served hot and quickly-Prices aren't the lowest, but they're far from unfairCons:-The TVs can be hard to see from some seats-Chips can be a bit greasy-Tables have designs on them that can make setting a glass down seem a little more treacherous than it should beI go here all the time and I'd suggest it to anyone looking for Mexican food beyond Taco Bell and whatever Chili's decides to throw on a quesadilla.
1	The mole sucked, the burrito sucked, and the service was average at best.  I don't understand how this place has multiple locations.  I went once to this one and once to the Wexford one.  I will never go back. Do yourself a favor and go elsewhere.
4	Very good food and atmosphere.  Every meal I've had has been very good and the service is always quick.
4	First time there was fantastic. Our server, Oscar, recommended the Choripollo. It was a combination of chorizo sausage, chicken, and delicious queso. One of the best things I've had. I have high standards for Mexican food and would certainly go back.
2	I recently ate at Patron and have to say I wasn't impressed. I went with two of my friends and we all ordered fajita dishes. I had the Shrimp Fajita, all the shrimp were small and just tasteless (most likely frozen) and the vegetables added no flavor to the dish. There were no sauces readily available at the table and the fajitas were served without cheese. The worst part were the prices. My Fajita was $15.99 and certainly wasn't worth anywhere near that. You're better off going to Mad Mex or even Chili's for a better and cheaper experience.
5	This is exactly what I needed. Nothing fancy, just a menu full of tortillas with cheese meat and vegetables. Delicious queso, delicious Mexican restaurant chips (my favorite), delicious typical American-Mexican food. Fairytale. The prices are a little higher than I'd like, and the margarita pitcher was a little weak. But I know we will be coming back!
5	AWWW YEAHHH.. this place is my go to mexican restaurant! SUCH delicious food, from the chips and salsa to the drinks to the food! I honestly can't believe the negative reviews, and I think they're incorrect. I've gone here MANY times and NEVER had a complaint. For instance, 'I don't like rice or beans'... thennn don't go to a mexican restaurant. Definitely go to this Patron in particular, you won't regret it.
5	BEST (only?) MEXICAN IN PITTSBURGH(I feel confident in saying this because I'm not aware of any other authentic Mexican restaurants in the city.)We've been eating at Patron's since it opened at this location.  Raul, Alicia, Oscar and the entire staff do an amazing job of treating their guests right and serving delicious food.  Much better than Tex-American-Mexican wanna be's like Mad Max.  Much less LOUD too.   We've gone on date-nights, with friends, with our kids - and it's been great each time.As I've told my friends, I'm not that crazy about Mexican food in general.  I grew up in the South and true Mexican restaurants there are numerous.  But not only does Patron serve great food, the atmosphere is casual & fun and the wait-staff are attentive and exceptional.We budget for eating out and wouldn't waste these unique times on anywhere that didn't hit all the targets.  Patron Restaurant we return to again and again.YUMMY!!
5	Get the choripollo.  You will not be sorry.  Great food and great hospitality.   My husband and I are picky Mexican food people and we loved it!
4	Most people won't notice, but our kitchen at home has been torn apart to be remodeled for over a month, thus the writing of several reviews. NO appliances for my wife to cook her delicious meals. So we've been eating out almost every other night and the in-between days we have leftovers from the night before. So our local restaurants have been seeing a lot of us. Patron's has one dish in particular that we love and split because it is sooo hardy. It's their chicken, shrimp and vegetable soup!! The soup comes with about 6 nice sized shrimp, genuine white meat chicken, chocked full of veggies such as broccoli, cauliflower, squash and carrots. You don't know whether you should eat with a fork or spoon. The flavors are great and in the cold of this brutal winter, this is just a great meal...especially if you add a fresh Margarita to your bill of fare.
4	I'm not a fan of mexican food, in general, but this is one that I really enjoyed. I had the chicken quesadilla and liked it a lot. The grilled chicken in it was delicious, i could eat an entire plate of it alone.
1	Imagine a sit down version of Taco Bell and you have captured the food quality of this place.
3	There food is average, I would say,  I did like there chips and salsa a lot.  I had chicken fajita the chicken didn't have much flavor, and a little dry. I think because of the location they don't get too busy, because on a saturaday they could sit us right away, so that was nice because I hate waiting for a table. I would go here again and try something different.
1	too exspive, poor service....always have  to wait for the young guy with the bad attitude to give you a beer. and has turned into a big Gay hang out which is ok if that is your thing...I do not care for being hit on by guy waiter repeatedly I dig chicks. My wife and I have gone there enough over the months we have gotten to know the workers who are all in the country illegally the manager, the cooks, the waiters all illegal aliens.Our waiter explained how the managers charges the wait staff a fee for working there. The more they make in sales each day the managers charges them a percentage/fee for being able to work there which could be a major labor law violation but because they are ALL illegals incluing the manager no one protects them!They open like at 1200 to get ready to close all day.  They act like they do not like being there.  We ordered dinner and margaritas and at like at 8:30 Pm they started to put up the chairs and sweep the floors we barely finised eating  we felt like we were kicked out.  The new patrons on East liberty is much better and the margaritas are made fresh with a smile and not a snotty smirk.....the slop here is too expensive better to go to Chilis.
4	Great service. Delicious salsa. Flavorful guacamole...Would have gotten 5 stars if they didn't put salt on my margarita. Lol. I will definitely eat here again when visiting Pittsburgh.
3	I've been here dozens of times. It's not my favorite Mexican restaurant by any stretch. But it's solidly average, it's close to my house, and sometimes I'm wildly lazy and don't feel like trekking far to stuff my face with copious amounts of free chips. So I keep slinking back to Patron for an adequate but not outstanding meal.The first few times I went here, I sampled several chicken dishes that had their shredded, seasoned chicken in them (e.g., chicken flautas, chicken enchiladas). I found the texture of the shredded meat to be tough, stringy and chewy -- very off putting. So I started steering clear of anything with the shredded meat, and now I usually get their "pollo amigo" entree, which consists of chicken breast strips over a bed of rice topped with their cheese sauce. It's fairly tasty (the meat in this dish doesn't have any texture issues), although they could stand to be more generous with the cheese sauce. It's not overly spiced or flavorful, but it's generally decent (and that's pretty much how I would describe everything I've ever eaten here -- decent but not amazing).Service can be hit or miss depending on what section you're in. I've always been seated right away (it's rarely busy in there), and free chips and salsa have always been delivered to our table with haste.  But beyond that, you can't always count on your server to promptly take your order, fill your drink, or check up on you with any regularity. It just really depends on the day.Given the food quality and service, I think that they are probably priced on the high side. But like I said, when a craving for Mexican food strikes, they'll get the job done adequately.
2	We were the only ones inside,  and had to get up twice to get someone to wait on us.  The food was good,  but with service like that...  monroeville location treated us much better.
