4	The "Double Chocolate Gateau" was delicious-rich, creamy, and chocolatey!!  The mini French macaroon at 85p each is really good also.  Both the lemon cheesecake and the chocolate black forest cake were not too bad - not too sweet but not amazing or anything. The chocolate milkshake, however, was quite watery and doesn't taste like a milkshake at all. Cakes are a bit under 3 pounds - cheaper to take away
1	Stopped in on Saturday with my mum to get a treat after our day out in Edinburgh.The window display looked lovely and we went in to explore.  I am vegetarian & don't eat gelatine, so I asked the lady at the counter what was veggie? She didn't know! After asking two other colleagues and humming and hawing, the result was that all their cakes are brushed with gelatine to give them that shiny finish. There was a pastry that was ok, and that's it.  wow that was rubbish! I spotted their macaroons and decided to have a couple so I wasn't leaving empty handed, they were nice but not a patch on Lauduree of Paris and 85p each was a little on the expensive side.The one stars was for the lack of knowledge / training of their staff about what they are selling.  This place is not for me.
5	Good apple tart,good green tea, shop clean and nice decor. Good display, nice look.The waitress was polite ! Thank you Giuseppe.
1	The things in the front window looked enchanting. My two girls were dying to find out what they tasted like. It was very busy on Sunday afternoon in the run up to Christmas but we patiently waited 10 minutes for a table. We were seated and then left to languish while wait staff stood milling around at the front of the cafe. Staff walked past us many times but never asked us if we would like to order. The children grew antsy and after 15 minutes at the table, plus the 10 waiting for a table, we just left. The kids were sad but we had much better service at The Elephant House in George The IVth Bridge. I would like to say the pastries are worth it but we will probably never know. Poor.
2	Lacking in flavour...Just doesn't have the fresh taste...Were the cakes frozen?
2	Not my cup of tea...Their cakes are nice, yeah I'll give you that, and their coffee is pretty good also, but do they deserve the mass plaudits they are getting? I don't believe so.Don't get me wrong, I'm not one of those 'cake and eat it' kind of guys, but my opinion of a great concept is somewhere that ticks all the boxes, and not one that puts all of its eggs in one basket. Service is a sort of relaxed ignore you style. When we came in we were welcomed as if we had just walked into the waiter's house,' hey guys sit wherever you like' - no eye contact. The guy was scruffy and not particularly warm in his greeting. 10 minutes later somebody comes to take our order, it is 1130 and there are maybe 4 other tables in.New girl did an ok job, but she struggled to understand my order, double espresso, OJ and Croque Madame. The coffee was spot on, freshly ground and not too skimpy a measure, the food was a little different, but tasted fine, above average perhaps. The layout of the restaurant is a little lost, the tables and chairs look like they were salvaged from the skip of an abandoned Wimpy, and the art work on the walls can best be described as 'best not to describe'.
4	Many a time I have been in Edinburgh and have walked past Patisserie Valerie on my approach to the Royal Mile and stopped to take a nosey, like many others. Most people are gawping with their eyes wide open, drooling, and the others and snapping with their camera. I was doing doing both today, prior to going in for a seat, cuppa and a sample of the goods! Couldn't sample the goods without instagramming. It'd be rude.There are several different cakes, gateaux, pastries and desserts to see. My blog has my photos....so so pretty. www.houseofherby.comIf that wasn't enough, there were even more to view inside the cafe in the cabinets. They had various fruit tarts: mixed, strawberry, raspberry, cupcakes, truffles, macarons, pastries...I could go on! The tea room is a little dated inside, and because of how busy it is you lose the Parisian patisserie feel I'd have liked. Lovely staff and quick service though.I opted for a berry mousse. Ahh, it was just lovely. Lighter than air, nice and sweet berry flavours rather than tart or tangy, with a moist sweet sponge layer. The top was a thin sheet of fruity jelly with a juicy big strawberry, blueberry and blackberry on top. Gorgeous. I'd say I got 1 of my 5 a day from it, so technically it's guilt free...
3	The first time l came to a patisserie Valerie coffee who was this one the displays looked real good on walking in.The brand reminds me a lot of the Bradford tea rooms & bakery where years ago they where real good but went down hill after loosing their direction.We had coffee and cheesecake after a few hours shopping I did enjoy the coffee that they serve here but don't rate their cakes as they where tasteless.I find that the cake selection is rubbery as if too much gelatine is used to set the cakes to make them hold together. The staff In this coffee shop where just standing around not knowing what to do, l had to approach someone to pay the bull as there was no none at the till.
4	bought cakes more than 20 times in their store...
3	Ducked in here this afternoon to get out of the rain and wait for a friend! Was super busy but the attentive staff managed to find a seat for me immediately and took my order promptly which was fab. The cakes looked INCREDIBLE and although they did have a gluten free option I stuck to just a pot of peppermint tea this time; but judging by the delighted fashion in which everyone around me was devouring their cakes and pastries I think I can safely say they taste as good as they look! Wee wait for my pot of tea but they were pretty mobbed so can't complain, and my waiter took pity on me sitting alone so he took the time to have a quick chat which was nice :) pleasant atmosphere, gorgeous food presentation, smart attentive staff and a good place to dry off, but as I didn't get a chance to sample any food 3 stars from me for my short but sweet visit!
3	We stopped by after a long day of walking around Endinbough Castle, for a snack and a coffee.The carrot cake and fruit tart were great. The prices OK for the area (it is very touristy) and the staff were OK, not great but not rude either.Good enough so we would return if in the area.
4	A little over a year ago I was in Edinburgh Scotland with my family to check out Edinburgh Castle.After our tour of the castle we were famished, so we just walked around the Royal Mile looking for places for lunch.  We found a great place for pizza and then spotted this little patisserie because of its amazing window display.  We decided to go in and try a few things.We shared a piece of carrot cake and cheesecake and they were both delicious.  Check out my photos.  I would love to stop by for another dessert if I am ever in Edinburgh again.
