5	This is the best pizza I have ever had.  The owners are very nice and make you feel at home.  I always order the garlic knots and the white pizza.  I don't know where they get their cheese but it is amazing.  The crust is very good and it is fun to watch them toss the pizza.  They have a few good beers on tap and some decent wine as well.  The manicotti is also delicious.The owners are from Italy and ran a Pizza shop in NY City for many years.  It is the real deal.  If you want great pizza you wont be disappointed.
5	I absolutely love this place. We accidentally discovered it nestled in the strip mall when we moved to Gilbert last year. I felt like I was walking into one of those corner deli restaurants back in Upstate New York. The staff is incredibly friendly and the owner "Sal" introduced himself while I waited at the bar having a Moretti Draft Beer. He's a really friendly guy and offered my wife and 7 year old some garlicky baked dough knots while we waited. What was even cooler was that he gave us a package of free home made sugary doughnuts when we left. WOW! This place rocks!The food is fantastic and made fresh.  Our favorite is the large pizza (be sure and try their sausage) and wing combination to-go and it's an on-going special for like $20. Can't beat that.
4	So I told my wife for Father's Day, I could go for some awesome pizza at a 'not-so-commercial' joint (Those are my favorite!). She told me about Gilbert Pizza and I was sold! We went there for lunch with my son and experienced how busy this place is first hand!  The waitress was superhuman! This place was packed and she was the ONLY one working the tables.  As a matter of fact, she was working the register too! It was insane and very entertaining just watching her fly through the restaurant.  She was like the tazmanian devil, except instead of tearing everything apart, when she passes your table, yummy garlic knots and soda cups appear on your table from the funnel cloud!  It was MOST impressive!We scarfed down the garlic knots (These things are GARLICCY!!!!) made with fresh garlic, and filled our cups with soda.  A lot of people swear by pizza and beer, but I prefer a nice cold Mountain Dew or Dr Pepper when I'm eating pizza. It just reminds me of childhood a little more.  Uh oh! Here comes the funnel cloud again! We shouted our order into the void and within minutes, a 16" Supreme (New York Style) plopped down on our pizza riser with steam still oozing off the bubbly cheese.  It was uncanny!If I were to make ONE suggestion (and my excuse for not giving this place a 5 star) is to come up with a way to keep the grease out from under the pizza.  Within about 5 minutes, the pizza was soggy from it. Overall, the taste was excellent!  If you are thinking about going here, DO IT. Only, just order by the slice so it doesn't get soggy.
4	Great pizza, good prices
4	What a great find! We went here after buying a coupon book, saw the reviews and decided to give it a try. Have to say, we're really impressed. As soon as we sat down, the waitress came over w/ cups for soda or tea and a small platter of these delicious garlic knots...OMGosh!!! So freaking good! We ordered our pasta, came w/ a salad and bread. The owner's wife brought our dinner. We were honestly not expecting that much food to be served. We couldn't finish our meal, however we did order some delicious cannoli's! They were great too! Can't wait to try their pizza!
4	This is real pizza with real whole fresh ingredients.  The fresh mozzarella with basil leaves rocks!  Friendly staff, nice atmosphere, decent prices.
5	This place was recommended to me by a NY transplant and I have been coming here every couple weeks ever since. Everything I have tried is great - White pizza and garlic knots are awesome. High quality ingredients, lots of cheese and the crust is perfect.
5	I love this place! Found it by chance a month ago when the movie I wanted to see wasn't due to start for two hours. The waitress we had was very friendly and had great suggestions. I got the vodka pasta with penne, the best I've had, and my boyfriend got a calzone, which he loved. We also got garlic knots, mmm. We both only ate half of the portions and we were able to enjoy it for lunch the next day!We've been back for take out pizza, that is pretty good too. We went in to sit down and eat last week and that time the waitress, was, well, a bitch. The food was still amazing, so I can over look the bitchness. Will be back soon!
4	Baked Ziti pizza is the BEST!!!Food is always great, owner is great, wait staff can be iffy.Don't let the strip mall exterior scare you off.   :)
3	4 stars for food.  1 star for service.  i recommend if you're going to eat here that you do take out.  and make sure to call ahead.we were driving around one night looking for something to eat and we came across here.  it was a saturday night, so we expected it to be busy.  when we walked in, there wasn't a sign to seat yourself or wait.  we walked up to the counter and a woman pointed to an empty table.  so we sat and waited.  waitresses walked by for 10 minutes before one walked up and asked if we were ready to order.  they hadn't even given us menus yet.  also, there was a bunch of children, who apparently were allowed to run around screaming without the slightest intervention by parents.we got the ziti pizza, although there was quite a wait, and i must say it was very good.  there was plenty of sauce on the pizza, but it didn't make the crust soggy.  still a nice crunch.  it was definitely different which was a nice change.so overall, it's definitely worth a try but do takeout.
3	this time around the service was a lot better.  there were menus actually on the table (instead of having to wait 10 minutes for them) and we were brought glasses and complimentary garlic knots.  the ladies came by a couple times asking if we were ready, and after we ordered they even brought a 2nd order of garlic knots while we were waiting.we got the white pizza and added garlic to it.  i think without the garlic it would have been very bland.  its a nice blend of mozz and ricotta though.  we also got the baked ziti pizza again.  it was a 'soupier' than last time, but still good.  last time was definitely better.lastly, be prepared to wait.  the pizza takes soooo long to come out so don't go so hungry.
5	Absolutely the BEST pizza I have had! Sal and the staff are awesome and friendly.
4	Tried this restaurant for the 1st time yesterday. Loved that they had quick pizzas by the slice available as well as a menu with more choices. We ordered a calzone which was very delicious. Owners were interacting with customers and Grace was very sweet to us. Definitely would go there again, food and service was great.
3	The pizza here is good, but make sure you get it well done so it has a little crisp. Its New York thin pizza. They have some really great special pizzas like the baked ziti. I think I would rather have my pasta on a plate but Its unique and actually I want to try it. The owners are very nice. I went in and they were trying something new. They look like cinnamon rolls but the are pizza rolls. Dough rolled up like a cinnomon roll with toppings and sauce between the roll. I asked what they were and she told me and than gave me 5 of them for free. Dam that was so cool of them. The wings here are really good and the calzones looked delicious. Ill be back next time I'm out that way. Again ask for the pizza well done!
4	We tried Gilbert Pizza for the first time last night.  We enjoyed the complimentary garlic knots while we poured over the menu.  So many choices.  We flipped a coin and decided on our old fave: Ham and Pineapple Pizza.  The crust was thin and crispy (yum) but next time we'll have to ask for "light cheese".  Too much for our liking.  There were lots of families in the place and the kids seemed to be loving it!  So next time, light cheese, extra sauce and we'll probably try the Ziti Pizza.
4	Food: Very goodFavorites: Their lasagna is some of the best I've had. Garlic knots are awesome!Atmosphere: a little loud at times, kids are frequently seen (good deals if you bring your kids).Great little pizza and pasta joint!
5	This is a great, traditional New York Style pizza place. Be sure to pay attention to the entire menu because the eggplant  and veal parm is absolutely delicious. We braved the baked ziti pizza and it is now a family favorite. Everything is fresh and and reasonably priced.
5	OMG...I have lived in Arizona for 22 years and have never found pizza as good as this...you have to try this place!
4	This place is excellent.  I have probably eaten here 20 times.  One of my coworkers suggested we cater the office parties with their pizza.  There is no better site than 50 pizzas rolling in from these guys.
3	I've been to Gilbert pizza many times. It delicious... However the girl behind the counter is the rudest person I've ever encountered in my life. Walked in she looked right at me didn't say a word. Just continued to wipe down the entire counter before slowly walking to the register and just asking me what I wanted... I placed an order over the phone... She snapped at me saying it would be 5 more minutes. Seriously bitch? How much do u care about your job? Let's try a little harder... I'll take my money and spend it else where. Who let's their staff treat their customers like that? She was rude to every single person who walked in after me.
3	We tried this place on a Monday around noon.  We walked in and weren't greeted at the door so sat at a table for awhile waiting for a waitress and then looked above the cash register and realized that there wasn't table service until after 4pm.  I approached the cash register, feeling a little stupid, and I ordered the lunch special consisting of a slice of pepperoni pizza (pepperoni cost an additional .50cents on top of the lunch special price), six garlic knots and a soda.  The girlfriend had the special consisting of a white pizza slice, salad and a soda.  I was a little disappointed that the pizza wasn't entirely fresh.  Pizza was taken from the display window and then placed in the oven to reheat it.  It didn't really taste bad but it just kind of turned me off somehow.  Or maybe it was the grease dripping off the end of my pizza slice as I folded it to eat.  Garlic knots were disappointing as well as I've heard so many good things about them.  My gf stated that her pizza was very good and she really enjoyed her salad though.  The service there was a bit strange; it wasn't particularly friendly, but once you actually got someone into a conversation they weren't particularly unfriendly either.  I'd probably go back again to try their pastas.
5	Always great food, great service.  Their white pizza is fantastic, and all of the pizzas are topped generously.  Besides the white pizza, my other favorite is the sausage & peppers.  The sauces are all made in-house, and the ingredients are better quality than most other places.
1	My family and I had a terrible first and only experience at Gilbert Pizza!!  When we first arrived, it took them close to 10 minutes to acknowledge us and take our drink orders.  Once the server approached us, she dropped off some glasses and took our food order.  No apologies or even a comment regarding the time we had to wait.  We ordered hot wings, a 16" pizza, and  kids slice of pizza(a pretty simple order).  The wings and the kid slice of pizza came out together in a timely manner.  We ate the wings as an appetizer as we waited for our pizza. After about 40 minutes since we initially placed our order(and after we saw a couple tables that came in after we had ordered already get their food), we flagged our waitress down to follow up on the pizza,  and she said she would go and check on it.  After another ten minutes, still no pizza or waitress.  At this point I had to flag her down once again and I decided to just cancel our pizza and requested the bill; she even had the nerve to ask us if we'd like it to go(I said NO Thanks)!!  I then saw her walk back into the kitchen and discuss our order with the people in the back, and once again disappeared.  After another 5 minutes of waiting for our check, I was completely frustrated and had to get up and walk up to the cashier so that we could just pay and get out of there!  At that point, the waitress walks up and tells us not too worry about the bill and that it's been taken care of. Still no apology from the manager or at least the waitress.  I would have been content with a "sorry, we messed up you order and we'll get it out as soon as possible."  Needless to say, I will not be returning to that establishment.
3	Review would have been higher, had the service been better...The Rattlesnake pizza was tasty--lots of jalapenos though, so it has some kick!The service sucked--nobody seemed to care that we were sitting there. No plates, no silverware, nobody checked in on us, took forever to get the check. Different people dropped things off, took the check, brought cups, etc.
2	The food was really good ... I'd like to say that first. I enjoyed the garlic knots very much. The sausage on the pizza was really tasty too. When we walked in there was no sign that said "seat yourself" as there should be. We stood there for a couple minutes feeling kind of silly. I finally walked up to the counter and told the lady we were there for dinner. She said we could seat ourselves. We quickly sat down at the only booth available when a small boy approached our table and sat down 2 cups and a plate of garlic knots, confused I asked him if we were in his seat. He turned around and walked away .... Apparently they employ a 10 year old relative at this establishment ... We waited about 13 minutes before we were acknowledged by a waitress who informed us we could fill our own cups from the fountain drink station. It seemed to take a long time to get our pizza. Someone did drop off a second plate of 6 garlic knots on the table while we were waiting though. When our food arrived it was explained to us that a portion of the pizza had fallen on the floor so they had to throw it away but we could start eating what she had brought to the table (about three quarters of a pizza) and a second would follow free of charge. We had just finished the first partial pizza when the second arrived. We were too full to eat any of it so we took it home with us. I was slightly disappointed when we reheated it the sauce had lost most of it's taste by the next day. Again, after finishing our food we waited a long time for a waitress to bring us our check. I told my husband to pay in cash because I didn't want to sit there and wait another 15 minutes for the waitress to pick up the check, another 15 minutes for her to run the credit card and return it to us. We may go back because the pizza was really good but you better believe it'll be carry out only!
1	Alright. The food is very good. I have to give this about an even heat with Grimaldis' Buono's and Casanova Bros with regard to food quality. The defining quality of any of these restaurants however, is S E R V I C E!The first few times we came here the service was O K A Y. The last two times we went here the service S U C K E D OUT LOUD! Here's my advice to the owner of this establishment: TRAIN YOUR WAIT STAFF TO GREET YOUR DAMN CUSTOMERS WHEN THEY WALK IN YOUR DAMN DOOR! TRAIN YOUR STAFF TO HIT THE TABLE WITH DRINK GLASSES WITHIN ONE MINUTE OF THE CUSTOMERS SITTING DOWN...PERIOD!My wife and I sat there for five minutes waiting for someone... ANYONE to make eye contact with us or acknowledge that we were even there. Everybody was just too busy to even look at us. We knew that THEY knew we were there because they made it obvious that they didn't want to make eye contact because that would have meant slowing down long enough to talk to us! Finally, the waitress walked over to the couple in front of us that had just walked in and seated themselves not a minute before and gave them a plate of garlic knots and glasses. My wife and I were still sitting there with our mouths gaping open and that was when YOU LOST MY BUSINESS! We both got up and walked out and nobody even bothered to ask us why. My wife and I have been coming here for months since finding the place. We spend thirty bucks every other week with you folks. That's $780.00 bucks per year you are going to miss out on because of your lousy service. If you wanna find us we'll be at Casanova Bros. or Grimaldis. They are the only pizza establishments left in the East Valley that truly understand customer service!
4	This pizza is the sleeper. It's the best I've had in the valley so far. Yeah, the service sucks but it's a pizzeria for gods sake. The pizza more than makes up for the service trust me. I have never had a bad pie there yet. I tried the desert heat last time and it is awesome!!!
5	Went here yesterday for the first time after hearing the hubby go on about this place for months. He is not even a big fan of pizza but he loves this place. After trying it, I can definitely see why. Honestly, I have to say this is the best pizza I have ever had! I have been thinking and thinking digging back to my childhood but can't think of a better place for pizza than this. We ordered a large pizza with sausage and onion and an order of garlic knots. The knots were buttery cheesy little pillows of goodness and the marinara that was served with them was one of the best marinaras I have had (they tie with Rigatonies). I could have settled on just 4 orders of these bad boys and at 1.60 for an order of 6, that is what I think I might do for a cheap lunch one day! I have heard that sometimes they just give these out, however, you will want to order some just to be safe cause if you don't get them, you will be very sad. Cmon, they are a 1.60 now! Now for the pizza... the crust was the perfect thickness, not too thin, not too thick, and I loved how every bite was nice an crispy. The cheese on it was melty, gooey, greasy, and had almost a creamy consistency. Unlike any cheese I have ever had and out of this world! The sausage was very different as well. Its thin slices of meat almost resembling gyro meat but its sausage. I don't know where they get their cheese and sausage but I will tell ya that these are not your average run of the mill cheese and sausage. Whats nice is that you can tell that almost everything is made from scratch and with love. The marinara I am positive is home made, heck maybe even the cheese and sausage are home made. Haha. Since I work so close, I am going to have a problem especially in the weight department because I think I am going to go here a lot now! Anyways, if you are looking for the most awesome pizza you will ever have in your life at a reasonable price, you will get it here for sure!A few tips: Sal, the owner, is a bit standoffish but I think he is very serious about his pizza that he doesn't have time to talk to customers. Don't take it personally. Haha. Also, after 4, this place turns into an actual restaurant so if you want cheaper, you will wanna go for lunch or really really early dinner so you don't have to tip.
4	After a long day of solving world problems, I search Gilbert for Italian subs and Gilbert Pizza came up. I went there and ordered 2 delicious sandwiches. Customer service was great and the food was yummy. I am defiantly going there again.
5	My family and I LOVE LOVE LOVE this place! Not only is the pizza absolutely fantastic, a great bargain for what you get and everything else on the menu absolutely delicious...the service is perfect, too! I love that whenever you go in, the owner and his family are always on duty. They always go above and beyond to make you feel welcome and happy, even though I have never been in and not seen the place crazy busy! They make awesome food and provide awesome service- what more can you ask for!!!!
5	If you have lived in or are from NY, this is the closest thing you will get to NY Pizza and service.  My fav is the baked ziti pizza.  Anyone who knows pizza and living in New England/New York will like this place.
5	The food here is great. Best NY style pie in Phoenix. I've seen some reviewers complain about the service; I haven't experienced that at all. But then again I went in knowing it was a NY style joint. I'm not prissy mama's boy thats has to waited on hand and foot. Give me my pie, give me a beer and leave me alone. The pizza here stand on it's own.
5	Best Pizza I have had in the Phoenix area to date, it is a close call with one other place. The drive is some distance for us or we would be there more often.
5	Baked Ziti pizza the best!  They now have a lasagna pizza, Great!!
5	This was the best NY Style pizza I've had in AZ. But what I really loved about this place was watching customers come in and the staff greet them by name. That is priceless! Customer loyalty is big in my book, and a vendor (obviously a family--and an Italian one, at that) who takes the time to get to know their customers earns extra points.The fact that the food was delicious is important too! I took my daughter and her friend in for a slice the first time we visited--I'd heard very good things, so I was anxious to try it. The girls had cheese pizza (as 4 year olds usually do), and I ordered a whole pie with extra cheese and sausage to take home for the hubs. However, the pizzas by the slice caught my eye--they had one with rigatoni on it, a philly cheesesteak one, mushroom, etc. etc. etc. But what I couldn't pass up was the chicken pesto, so I ordered a slice. Heaven on a plate. The chicken was tender, the pesto was smooth, basily (is that a word?), and I think there was alfredo sauce on it too. It was absolutely delicious. The whole pie was fab, too--definitely NY style, and my East Coast native husband was thrilled! We'll be back FOR SURE. They have a private room for parties...I'm thinking my daughter's birthday might be the perfect occasion!
5	I am impressed. My brother has been raving about Sal's for months now, so I knew it had to be good. It was great. Best pizza in the valley along with Slice of Sicily in Phoenix. The pizza was excellent, just like back home in New Jersey. The sauce was tasty, the cheese creamy and the crust exactly like I like it- thin crust, fold-able pizza like back home. But their Eggplant Parm was the best I have ever had in the valley. Generous portion on the bread, and for $6.99 a great value. It would be one of the best if it was back home in Jersey.I wish I lived closer. My brother got a meatball sandwich and we each split it and the meatball was almost a good. I will be back to try one of their dinners ( though a little pricy. Hope the portions are big. If they are, I will be a happy man. We did not eat in, so I can't say anything about their service.Kudos to whoever makes their food.  Woohoo! It really is as good as it gets!
5	This has got to be the BEST pizza place in Arizona we have ever been too. The garlic knots and fried zucchini are AMAZZZZZZZZING! We drive about 30 minutes from east Queen Creek just to eat here! The pizza and the pasta in a garlic sauce is pretty darn good too! Yummm!
2	WARNING:  Don't order the veal.My brother heard about Gilbert Pizza from a co-worker, who happens to live in the area.  The guy gave it high praises and said it was the best Italian food he has eaten in Arizona, so we decided to check it out.  There were three of us, my brother, his wife, and myself, and we all had different entrees.  The chicken Marsala, chicken Parmigiana, and the veal Parmigiana   I thought it was nice that they bring a dish of garlic knots to the table to start you off.  My brother and his wife were happy with the chicken dishes.  They thought the sauce was decent, the sides of pasta was done well, and the portions of chicken was ample.I figured I would try the veal since most Italian places don't offer it and I haven't had any veal in years.  I did ask the waitress before ordering if it was real veal and not a veal patty.  She said it wasn't a patty, which it wasn't.  What she failed to say was that it was a sheet of paper.  If it was any thinner,  it would've been invisible.  For $16.99, I got mostly breading and cheese.  I'll stick to my favorite Arizona Italian restaurant for an authentic Italian dinner, Va Bene's.   As for Gilbert Pizza, it's not so va bene.
2	Had the eggplant parmigiana sub tonight, one of my favorite fat splurges. Very disappointing, dry cheap bread, out of the box eggplant, and not enough sauce, although the sauce did have a fair flavor.Service started promising, garlic knots almost as soon as we sat down, but went downhill from there. Had to ask for utensils after food arrived. Server asked how things were then walked away without waiting for an answer, leaving my dirty dishes and empty water glass behind. Waited for check that never came, finally walked up to counter to pay. And I still have a bad taste in my mouth from the not so fresh parsley sprig.
1	Went to Sal's Gilbert pizza last night and had a horrible experience. Our server brought garlic knots and sauce and cups for drinks and said the beverages are self-serve and left. The garlic knots were greasy and a little bit under done. The sauce tasted like Spaghetti-Os sauce. We ordered a pizza and wings. For the cost of pizza it was really sub par I would much rather have a Papa John's.  The hot wings were not hot. Beverages were not included in the price even though they bring the cups. We waited and waited and waited and waited to get our order taken and then we waited and waited and waited and waited for our food. After we were done eating they brought our bill and it had mistakes we had been overcharged. Save yourself a bad experience and go somewhere else.
4	Oh my god.. The garlic knots!!! These things just melt in your mouth, fresh garlic, just delicious. Their pizza is just perfect ny style, thin and extra tasty. This place gets very busy but the waiters just manage, is just amazing. Carbs and more carbs, live it up!!
5	I had not been to Sal's in a few month; went back last night with a few friends and WOW was it good!  We started with a caprese salad which was quite nice with fresh mozzarella.  Next we had fried calamari which nice an d crunchy on the outside an d not over cooked on the inside.  Out came two pizzas...one sausage and one meatball and boy were they yummy.  I'm originally from the Bronx and these two pizzas were awfully close to the real thing.  My only issue I think, is they put too much cheese on it.    But really it's hard to complain about too much of anything!  Lastly, we ended with cannollis, the shells were perfectly crunching an d the filling just sweet enough.  I must mention too that the wait staff was great....we came in very late and they did not at all try to rush us out and I'm sure they had a long day there.
2	Gilbert Pizza has been around for a few years, but I've never eaten there before. Now I know why.The pizza is some of the worst I ever had, all in part to the awful crust. Jean G. described it to a T. The crust is mind-bogglingly bland. It actually takes flavor away from the toppings. In our case, we got a margherita which had decent mozzarella and fresh (not baked until crisp) basil. I probably should have known something was up with this place when I saw the margherita advertised as "new" on the menu.  The crust is way too thick to be considered a thin crust pie. Thank god there was peppers, parmesean, and garlic powder on the table. Like a shitty supermarket frozen pizza, this baby needed to be doctored up!Garlic knots were the only saving grace. Appropriately greasy with plently of garlic and served very warm.Service was ok. Our order was taken quickly, and the food came out right away. They never came back to check on us, but I'm sort of glad they didn't so that I wouldn't have to lie when they asked how I liked the food. I found it kind of weird that their self-serve soda machine doesn't have a water spout. Instead, the waitress has to go behind the bar to fill up glasses.No big deal, though. It's not like we'll ever be back.
1	This was the first time i have been here. Glad I did not rush to try this place. Like others the Self serve soda station was odd and no water spout. That is the least if their problems. service is horrible. They have three waitresses there but basically no one helps you or checks on you. Food  was just ok. Don't see myself going back.
5	I've lived in NY for 30+ years this is damn near perfect replica to a great NY pizzeria!!
2	The pizza is good but the seating and the service leave quite a bit to be desired.  Although there were tons of servers nobody seemed to be looking after the customers.  You self serve for drinks but are out of luck if you want water or iced tea: water is behind the counter and the tea was perpetually empty.  I was glad I went with a groupon and didn't pay full price
2	Well. We are done trying them for pizza. Maybe we will go back eventually and try their actual food but the Pizza is very VERY bland. The White pizza (riccota) tasted like the least flavored pizza ive ever had.
3	Pizza is good for sure! Service is not very good if you are dining in. If you are ordering carry out, be prepared to wait awhile! On an average night your pizza is going to be 30+ mins based on my experience, a busy night is 1+ hours! If you really want some good pizza, and have the time to wait, give it a try.
5	Been coming here since they opened.  Great restaurant run by great family.  Always packed. Very kid friendly.  I have never had a bad meal here. My favorite pizza is the grandma pizza. Just like my mom made in Italy.
3	The garlic knots were amazing and the service was stellar. However, I was underwhelmed with the taste of the pizza. It was incredibly bland. I had such high hopes for it because I was told it was good. But, I'm not sure that I would go back again. The pizza basically had no taste due to a not too great crust and a bland sauce. I was glad that I used an Entertainment book deal and didn't have to pay full price.
5	Short and sweet, delicious pizza!!!!!!!!
4	Can't believe I found a thin, crispy, yet chewy slice of pizza outside of NYC.  Family owned and operated local pizza joint in a strip mall makes an excellent garlic knot as well.  It is smothered in cheese and garlic - probably could have eaten these by itself as a meal!
5	I hope I can write this review w/out drooling all over myself!  Ok, the Alfredo is A-M-A-Z-I-N-G!!!!!!!  The texture and creaminess is spot-on perfect and I will be craving this monthly!!!  The garlic knots are bast east good!!  Other items we thoroughly enjoyed and will be ordering again include the chicken parmasean, cheese ravioli, the meatballs, and the pizza.  I am so glad we found this place, I've already put them as a line item in our monthly budget!!!!!  :-)   Keep up the exceptional quality and taste!!!
1	Went here again a couple of times and it has gotten worse. It takes forever to be seated. We ordered a pizza the last time we were here and the crust was bland, the pizza was dripping with grease, so much that we had to soak it up with napkins and the service was slow, mediocre and unpleasant. We won't be coming back. Spinato's is way better.
4	Still love the place but the last few times the pizza was not up to their norm. Perhaps they are getting to far afield with the salad pizza, lasagne pizza etc.
5	Love this pizza joint and their canolis. Their garlic knots are amazing.Love love love it!
1	Update: This place has really gone downhill! They screwed up my order, which is understandable (it happens). The main problem was I had two pizzas, both were under-cooked. The dough was like playdough right underneath the cheese. The garlic knots had almost no taste to them. Unfortunate that things have gotten this bad, I felt like Chef Gordon Ramsay because everything I tasted was bland or cooked wrong...I hate to give out low ratings, but this place deserved it.
3	When I walked in I took a big whiff of the air. I became a little excited because it vaguely reminded me of New York. I sat patiently waiting. Looking at how every single table in this place was packed and there were four parties waiting to be seated, I imagined I was in for a treat. But alas, I am in Arizona, haven't lived in New York for 6 years and I simply need to learn to stop chasing the snake. New York pizza only exists in New York and I need to realize that GOOD pizza doesn't need to taste like New York pizza. However I do argue that it should still taste GOOD nonetheless. We had some wings, seemed frozen, typical stuff. I got a small salad, which was decent. The pizza, was average. The bolognese was simply marinara with meatballs, not bolognese. I really don't want to rate this place a 3 star location, I want to support the local restaurateur, but I have to cut the line somewhere. However I am not that familiar with Arizona and maybe this truly is the best place around. If that is true, than I am sorry.
2	Good: service always checked to make sure everything was alrightBad: greasy pizzaTook a moment for service to get our order
4	Having a slice and some knots.
5	The BEST Italian food around!!!!!!  The BEST baked ziti on the planet!!
4	As soon as you walk into Sal's Gilbert pizza, the restaurant makes you feel like you're in Italy. They have brick walls and windows that show images of Italy. I like the decorations in the building because they set the mood and theme of the restaurant. The main colors that pop pit are maroon colored ceilings and tan walls. There are nice lights that hang from the ceilings on each both. Most of the seating consist of booths and some tables. There is always a separate room for parties. For my meal my friend  14 inch thin crust pepperoni pizza. This restaurant's pizza is New York style. The price of the pizza was $13.25. spliting that between my friend and I was a good choice. When we were waiting on our food to come, we received complimentary garlic knots. These garlic knots are baked bread with garlic seasoning in the bread. After eating those, shortly after our food was hot and ready. This pizza was delicious, I had three slices and I was full. The pizza was rich in flavor. Sal's Gilbert Pizza is a good place to eat at if you like Italian food. I recommend this place because they have more than just pizza. They have pasta's, and cow zones, and bread. I give this restaurant a 4 because our server was fantastic but some things could have been fixed. I like Sal's Gilbert pizza because I love Italian food, plus it's really close to were I live. You have to visit this place, it's worth it.
5	My family and I love this place!! Great food...service is awesome. Family owned...just all around goodness! Please come...baked ziti pizza is to die for....Alfredo sauce is rich and creamy....calzones...there are no words!!!
5	Very friendly people, good service, great variety on the menu. It's become a regular for a few years and the pizza? It'll be hard to find any better!
1	This place has a couple of things that are good, for example, their salad, their knots.   For the most part this place is lazy and uninspired.  The chef in the back has been working there way too long, but still doesn't have basics down, like that you send everyones food out together.  The pizza sauce and the sauce they serve with their garlic knots sucks.  From a can, no flavor whatsoever besides the vinegar-y canned tomato taste.  All of the seafood is frozen, as well as the ravioli, zucchini, mozzarella sticks.  Although the menu states that the cannoli cream is homemade, that is straight bullshit.The pizza that is served for slices is made  in the morning, and sits out, all day, uncooled or heated, until the end of the night.  They change the time tags out during the day so that they aren't busted by the health department, which states that food is only supposed to be out for two hours before being tossed.  So if you've ever gotten a stomach ache after eating here, that might be it.
1	Absolutely terrible:Service: slow with a don't-care attitudeFood: wrong pizza and extremely saltyThin crust: uuhhm, if 1" means 'thin' ......Price: ridiculously highWhat really got me was their no-care attitude. Soda machine ran out of product: yeah, we really don't give a flip.... Get something else, we're not here to help you.Then I got the bill and I was charged like I was in a real restaurant in stead of a glorified gas station.. Don't go there!!!
4	Very frustrated by the reviews I read.   If you are a fan of New York City Pizza, and I am since I spent most of my life there, then you will love Sal's Gilbert Pizza.   I am very happy to see Sal succeed.  He is passionate about his food and his customers.  The wait staff is absolutely adorable and always, always friendly.  The new banquet room that he opened up is perfect for birthday parties and friendly get together's of larger groups.   So happy Sal and his wife chose Gilbert, AZ to establish themselves!  Definitely a welcome addition to the neighborhood!   Pizza Hut, Dominos, and Pappa Johns were seriously our only other options.  The only thing I wish Sal could do was deliver.  Maybe - some day!
4	I love their pizza and clearly some reviewers don't like thin crust so why eat at a New York style pizza place is beyond me but we love it! I usually stop in for their lunch special because two slices and a soda for $6 is a great deal and I'm never let down, sometimes I even spring for a specialty if they have one I like. I have a very picky 3yr old cheese pizza eater and this is always a place I know he will eat the pizza from which is a huge plus! The cheesecake is delicious also as well as the cannoli!
5	I'm born and raised in Queens, NYC. This is the most authentic pizza and Italian food since I've been here (10yrs). Excellent!
2	Amazing food. Absolutely dreadful service. Waited an hour and a half for a calzone... And then found out they never started it!? They comped a couple slices of pizza that were good NY style pizza. Lasagna came out right on time and was delicious. They are grossly under staffed and the staff they have isn't trained. Great food if you have the whole evening to spend waiting!
5	Best NY style pizza in the south east Valley bar none!!!!!! Pastas are amazing..... Chicken parm is huge and my wife just got the muscles dinner with white wine sauce and loved it!!!! Oh and if you come for dinner free garlic knots!!!!!
4	I agree. Great pizza, so-so service (for dine-in).This is the best NY style pizza I've had outside of NYC. I love it so much, this is the only place in town I'll go to get pizza. Fortunately the kids like it too. I can order their XXL and feed the whole gang (4 kids) under $20.But for convenience sake, I almost always order take-out. I've dined in twice and never had a poor experience but they don't dote on you here. You'll get your food and it will taste awesome. If you need them to coddle you and check on you every 5 min this isn't the place to dine. They're New Yorkers, so they expect you to order, eat and pay. You got a problem with that? I don'tThe prices are fair. The food is above par. Fahggetaboutit!!!
3	Great value and good quality food! Pasta like back east!!
5	Today was my third time at Sal's Gilbert Pizza,  just as great as the first 2 times!!  Keep up the great work! Best pasta, pizzas and of course the garlic knots with cheese!
4	Entertainment book coupon is BOGO pizza which is a great deal. Free garlic knots. Pizza was good on flavor and pepper flakes were spicy. My family goes to this restaurant at least four times a month!
5	amazing pizza. the ziti pizza was a weird idea to me, but it's something I crave often now. the sauces are excellent. I came in just to fill a Mason jar with vodka sauce. eggplant parm is amazing. the portion is so big that I got three meals out of it. the gnocchi is great and the garlic knots are the best.the service is great. everyone is so nice.
5	The pizza was both huge and delicious. We had the 16" meatball and green olive regular pizza. We couldn't even begin to finish it all. The cheese was really good mozzarella and obviously neither frozen nor cut with non-cheese filler. We had great service so I don't get the other bad reviews. Here is a tip - if you pay for the food before eating include a tip if you actually want a person making $3.00/hour to give you service (waitstaff wages in AZ). Just a bit of advice for those who had "bad service".
4	Grabbed a Sicilian slice and regular cheese slice. Sicilian wasn't the best the dough seemed a bit off. The regular slice was awesome. Garlic knots were loaded with garlic but really delicious. Nothing beats a slice from a whole pizza fresh out of the oven though.
5	Deliciousness!  I really felt like I was back home at this place.  Amazing pizza huge portions,  and amazing garlic knots. Wow!!  I am glad I moved up the Street from this place as I imagine I'll be a frequent visitor here.
4	4 stars alone on the garlic knots! These are by far the best tasting ones I've ever had. We also had a pepperoni calzone that was ok. It had way too much cheese and I wish it had more pepperoni and and some marinera inside it. Guess I should have asked before hand. The Caesar salad we had was also good. But to be honest in the future I will probably just stick to a salad and some garlic knots.
4	Garlic knots. I dream of their garlic knots. We usually get the pasta with olive oil, garlic, & broccoli. Most times, it is excellent - few times the broccoli is overcooked. Salads are good! They were clearly understaffed for a while and  I once called an order in 45 minutes prior, showed up when they told me to and waited another 30 minutes. Honestly, they're really worth the wait but it'd have been nice had they acknowledged the delay. Every time we've dined in, the waiters were really nice and attentive. Despite the things I've pointed out, it's a great local eatery. Prices are good, food is great
5	This is real food! How can anyone say its bad food. This isn't a fancy place it's a just a good good place. The people there are nice. I think sal is the owner, super nice guy.
5	I was recommended this place from a friend, then my parents tried it, and said to check it out.I was cautious at first. I'm from NJ, I've had good pizza and I've had good pasta from a pizza place... Man was this place good. 6.99 for a TON of food, and it's great, too! Just like home. I had the half portion vodka sauce over linguine, comes with a side salad and garlic knots. I couldn't finish it. I wanted to finish it. It was so delicious. So glad this place is right down the road. If you're from the east coast and have a craving for pizza from home or pasta from a pizza shop, like home. Check this place out!
5	Gilbert Pizza is consistently amazing.  The sauce and crust are perfect!  The Baked Ziti Pizza is a favorite of my kids and mine.  The sauce is creamy and delicious.  Ziti is perfectly baked and draped in the perfect amount of gooey mozzarella.  The crust is light and crispy.  It's the most perfect crust I have ever had.  Another of our favorites here is the calamari.  We order calamari everywhere and it is never as good as it is here!  It has small tender pieces that are perfectly breaded.  It is served with lemon slices and the best marinara around.  The service is always amazing.  This is a family owned establishment and you can feel the love in the service and food.  We had such a nice attentive server today.  He checked in on us often and anticipated our departure perfectly.  He was very nice, welcomed us as we arrived and thanked us for coming as we left.  This place has been wonderful since the day it opened!  If you're in Gilbert stop in for a slice, you won't have any regrets!
5	This is my favorite place to go for authentic NY pizza. It's so good I drive from north west Mesa all the time. Any negative reviews about the pizza and crust can only be from those who have either gotten use to bad pizza or have never had pizza from NY.
5	I ordered take out on a Saturday at 5:30. Dining room was packed. Every table and bar area full with a lively atmosphere. There was a banquet room that said it was reserved. I'm sure if it would be good to use this area otherwise. There was pizza by the slice, rice balls, Sicilian, pasta dishes, garlic knots, zeppolis and I think I saw a tomato pie. I didn't have time to look for canollis. The cashier was courteous, attentive. Pizza was excellent...even after I drove it home. Everyone knows the best pizza is fresh from the oven. Then there are few pizzas that can still pass the drive home test. I grew up in Jersey -- 30 or so miles from NYC so I think I can judge! I'll go back again maybe for a dine in on a weekday.
5	My favorite pizza in Gilbert. Their speciality pizzas are awesome. We really like the lasagna pizza.  It's a dense pizza so a small goes along way.
5	This place is totally under rated!  The food is great, the place is clean and decorated nicely and the staff is friendly.  I had the Rice Ball which was amazing.  The owner stopped by to ask how everything was and mentioned that she was brought up eating these Sicilian Rice Balls.  Pizza is great too!
5	I honestly don't understand the bad reviews. Went here tonight for the first time and it has got to be some of the best pizza I ever had. And free garlic knots. How amazing is that.
3	Not awful, but not outstanding either.  My favorite part of the meal was the very large Caesar salad..it was very fresh and reasonably priced.Our "Desert Heat" thin crust pizza was merely okay. I probably won't have their pizza again. I am from the east coast so the style of pizza was great, I just didn't think it tasted good.Oh, and I don't know why everyone goes cray cray over the garlic knots. Gross...you'll be sweating garlic for WEEKS!
3	The only reason I gave this place a 3 is because the food it actually good, but the waitress we had was horrible. She was nice and acted like she knew what she was doing, but she forgot to put in our order for our appetizer and didn't write our order correctly for our pizza. Two strikes...I was hopeful that she would redeem herself and offer a free dessert or take the value of our drinks off the final bill or something, but nothing was offered. Three strikes, I'm done. The food is worth the try, but maybe do take out so you don't get the waitress whom does not have a name, but has a butterfly tattoo on the inside of her right arm.
3	So far, not impressed. When I came in, the guy at the counter didn't seem to understand English. I said this is my first time here. How does this work? Due to there being pizzas in this glass cabinet. He just looks at me so I see a menu and say I'll just look at the menu. Then a lady comes up and says, this is your first time here? I say, yes. As that happening, this lady asks for garlic knots. The woman heats them up in a microwave in a styrofoam container. They do have Pepsi, which is nice! I had the calzone. It was really pretty good. The tea is a little weak, but drinkable.
5	I've been coming to Gilbert Pizza since high school and the pizza and garlic knots just keep getting better! Sal and his wife are amazing and their team always welcomes you like you're part of the family. If you're hesitant to stop in, trust me the garlic knots alone are worth the trip!
3	Our first time dining at Sals and we were quite impressed. We ordered a kids cheese pizza, chicken Marcella and mussels appetizer. The salad that came with the dinner was fresh and crisp and served right away. However, we waited far too long for our mussels to arrive. Also, the kids pizza took a long time along with the chicken Marcella. The food is good but the service was slow. P.S. I saw my neighbors pizza arrive a lot faster then our appetizer did...
4	This is a very nice family run restaurant with fabulous New York Style pizza and a wide assortment of sandwiches. I haven't tried any of their pasta dishes yet, but everything in the place smells delicious. The place is large enough to accommodate a group of 10. If you're looking for take-out, be sure to call ahead. Although the food is delicious, this isn't fast food.
5	Really like their pizza. We ordered 11 pizzas from them recently for a party at my house and it was a big hit. Especially the lasagna pizza.
4	Pizza is good here. I can see why some people like the garlic knots and some don't. These knots are literally GARLIC knots. They are plastered in garlic so if you dont like that I would ask for them without the garlic. Luckily for me I love garlic so I wasn't complaining. Plus you can't really complain because they were free. The service here is good and the location is nice inside. They weren't very busy on a weeknight so the pizza came out quick. I would go back for sure.
1	Use to come here often. Had the worst service ever this evening. Food took over an hour. No apology from server or owner. Was simply told by server that she doesn't control the kitchen. Will never return and will spread the word about lack of service.
