2	A local dive that opened in 1985.Dark, dingy, and more than a bit *used* - but with friendly bartenders and a fascinating clientele. On my first visit,  I met a computer animator, a former lounge musician, and a lady who was taking a break from her work on the street. She was accompanied by a gentleman friend who seemed to be some sort of boss/handler. Anyway, she fit right in with the *used* vibe.No fancy drinks or interesting beers. The restaurant was not open when I visited.One star for the friendly folks, another for just hangin in there.
3	This place should be renamed "Bar". There is nothing especially outstanding about this place but nothing bad about it. The drinks are affordable, food is typical bar food. They cater to the Dinosaurs that live in the area and airport workers. I've been going to this place off and on for 10 years. Mainly because I was close friends with one of the younger bartenders. She has since moved on to a better place and I haven't been back since. I will agree with the earlier review, the clientele is fascinating. You could meet anyone from successful business owners to the downtrodden on any given night. It is close to some upscale neighborhoods and also to some seedy places so you get a good mix of both. On any given night you will find the same 5 regulars dropping their social security checks in the poker machines. Last I heard it was slated to be closing but I've driven by and seen the Open sign still on. Check it out if you're looking for a cheap beer and some interesting people watching.
5	Firstly, the Office 5 never pretended to be anything other than a neighborhood bar. I think that without fail the owners and staff were friendly and accommodating to everyone who came in regardless of whether they were Dinosaurs or hookers. The neighbors enjoyed meeting there and talking about our homes in the adjoining area.  Maybe it was dark and dingy as one reviewer said, but so what? We didn't go there thinking it was Studio 54.  I will miss the great characters and the warm and generous owners. It is such a shame...
4	I really do miss this place, mainly because I have yet to find another place that has the same amazing chicken finger "sub".
