5	For the value and service I can't see there being a better CPA for small businesses and individual tax in Pittsburgh!I have worked with George Siegel (owner) directly and not only has he helped me and my business with tax filings and accounting in the most professional way; but he has also helped me with tax planning, financial planning and basically a strategic way of thinking of how to get my business to the next step.   Any old CPA can take your tax information and spit out a tax return. However, with George, it's more than that.  Further, George was nice enough to refer me to a great small business attorney, which has turned out to be a great experience as well! That's another great thing about George is that he doesn't try to be everything to everybody. He told me from the beginning that his skills were tax, accounting and small business finance; anything other than that he would be more than happy to refer me to a trusted professional. That is rare. I have worked with several professionals who try to be a "one-stop shop" and in turn, aren't experts in their area. Ever heard of the saying "jack of all trades, master of none"? That is certainly NOT the case with this business.George is personable, professional and I trust him 100% with my financial matters.  I highly recommend him.
5	I worked with the owner of this firm directly, and I was extremely impressed with the amount of time and effort he put into serving my tax needs.  He went above and beyond what you'd typically get from a professional tax service, at a very reasonable cost.  Further, he conveyed a very strong tax acumen and even conducted a significant amount of research for me to maximize my tax benefits given my somewhat atypical circumstances- something he could have easily charged me additionally for but didn't. I highly recommend 412 Tax Solutions for both personal and business tax needs.
5	This is a great up and coming Accounting firm in the Pittsburgh area. The owner is very detail oriented, professional, and has years of public accounting experience working with various types of clients. The owner is a CPA and also has a MST. The prices here are very generous. I would call this place up to handle your taxes, bookkeeping or Accounting & Financial needs. You won't be disappointed.
