5	They finally opened one here! Previously this was only a treat while in Cedar UT. This store has everything from lawn maintenance and animal food to gun safes and western clothing. They even have country home decor and old fashioned candy. You know those candy dots on a strip of paper? They also had bottled cheerwine! I haven't drank one of those in ages. The best part of this store is that every single employee is as nice as can be. My kids keep asking to go back!
5	How do you describe a CAL Ranch store? It's something of a mix between a hardware store, a clothing store, a sporting goods store and also a tack & feed store. So much stuff, good prices and friendly employees.
3	I have never been to a C-A-L Ranch store before but had heard about them from friends in Utah.  The store was huge and very well laid out.  There were plenty of friendly and helpful employees but for a store that calls itself a feed store, they were quite lacking in product and selection.  I needed dry and wet food for my dog and Sr. feed and rice bran for my horse.  They did not carry some of the most common manufacturers and products.  Quite disappointing.  I had to travel back to my regular feed store to buy what I needed.
4	I discovered CAL Ranch Store when I received a flier in the mail the other day.  As it is sort of on my way home I thought I would check it out.  I like it.  I spent several minutes at the fire arms counter admiring the selection of rifles in stock.  They have bolt action rifles from WWII.  Battle used.  Some even have the original soldiers name carved into the stock.  Fascinating.  Beyond the gun counter, they have hunting gear, fishing gear, ranching gear, gardening gear and even live baby chickens.  They have straw, feed for animals, candies for humans, shaved wood bedding, furniture, home decor, and clothing.  They have tracker accessories and automotive goods. It is an everything store for the outdoors and country type.  The one thing I was disappointed in is that I was not able to find the $0.99 Frostop Soda's I saw in their flier.  I ended up with a bottle of root beer of a different brand for a dollar more.  Despite that let down, I like this store.  I plan to stop in every so often.  They have the old fashioned candies like Bass Pro has and it is a lot closer to home for me.
4	Lots of everything here!! Came in not completely sure what I would find. I was happy to find a great hunting and camping selection. I ran across a employee named Brett. Awesome guy. Was very knowledgeable and really enjoyed that he took his time to talk to me and help me out. This store has something for everyone! It has RV stuff, welding, and even stuff for your farm/ ranch. I will be back!
4	So we swung by the new CAL Ranch Store today to check it out.  I had noticed it a couple of weeks ago driving on US95 and read up on it on Yelp when I got home.  I quickly found out that this is a place for my husband to check out for sure.  I kept pestering him to go check it out and he finally listened to me today!We weren't quite sure what to expect, but we knew it would be a outdoorsman funhouse from the reviews I had read.  And boy did we love it!  It does have a little bit of everything and is much like a Sportsman Warehouse, Bass Pro Shops, General Store, and Feed Shop all rolled into one huge building.  If you haven't been, go check it out to just see all of the stuff.  You never know, you might find something you never knew you needed.My hubby is all into guns, so we made a beeline to that department.  I think my husband's eyes popped out of his head when we saw the selection.  He has been looking for the Ruger American Rifle in the .308 caliber for at least a year and just couldn't find it anywhere.  It is a super hot selling gun and no one could keep it on the selves.  Well what do you know, we walked up to the counter and straight ahead of us was the long searched for Ruger American Rifle .308 staring at my hubby.  Needless to say, we spent a lot of money at the CAL store today, but I have a happy hubby now.On top of the gun section purchases, my husband stocked up on some camping and fishing supplies.  They have a little bit of everything and will most likely have what you are looking for.  The selection isn't as vast as Bass Pro, but still decent in most categories.My favorite part, as well as my daughter's favorite part were the baby chicks they have to buy.    Yep, baby chicks, the world's cutest things EVER.  They actually had several varieties of chickens, as well as turkey and duck chicks.  We are city folk, so no chicks today, but the 2 of us tried our hardest to talk Daddy into a baby chick, but he was a party pooper.Needless to say, we had a blast checking out the new store and will visit from time to time.  Why you ask?  Well because the prices were good, in fact several of the big ticket items we bought today we checked against Amazon while at the store, and CAL was cheaper! On top of the good prices, this location is much closer to us than the other stores of its type and it has a great selection.  Good job CAL Ranch Store!
4	Seems to be a combination between an outdoor and hardware store, which was kind of odd when I first walked in. Prices seemed reasonable and staff was friendly. Firearms section was super small
5	This place is great.  Has everything from hunting gear to home decor.  I love coming in and walking all the isles checking everything out. This is were my imagination soars, I see a role of copper wire, but for me it's great for making my copper jewelry items and so much cheaper!  I find things on the shelves that may be used on a farm or ranch one way, but for me, I can figure out another use for it!  And in the basket it goes.  They have a great selection of feed for all sorts of animals, and they even have some baby chicks, come in just to check them out under the warming lights, they are so cute!Great store!
2	So I drove past this place for a long time and asked my fiends if they have ever gone to tho store. One of my friends has and told me that they were racist and had bad customer service. I didn't believe him and I was curious so I went to the store. Wow when I first entered it was big with just about everything in there, it was almost like a mini bass pro shop but for farming and country people. I walked up and down each aisle, and picked up some random things that I thought were cool. Then I strolled to the firearms section to the far right of the entrance.The associate was helping a customer so I waited about 5 feet from the counter and stood there quietly so they could ask if I needed anything. I waited as he finished answering the customers questions. I stood there after the customer left. I stood there quietly as the associate behind the desk glanced at me and went behind his cash register, and after another minute of silence I got tired of feeling ignored and felt like, Wow really!? How can they ignore a customer like that??  So I got mad and walked off to see if I could find some rope. (I know i'm random.)As I walked away this other associate just walking by asked me if I needed any help and I asked her about the firearms and ammo. She went to the firearms section and I followed. They seemed to ignore her for a little bit and then they answered her questions. I wanted to buy some ammo but on of the guys behind the desk said you must be over 21 to buy ammo claiming it was, "some company policy." that comment was straight BS and I made my opinion clear that it wasn't true. The other guy radioed if they could sell me ammo. The answer was as long as they are older than 18. I bought my ammo, got my rope, and left. I was disappointed in how rude they can be by ignoring and falsifying information to discourage me from buying what i wanted.. It's like saying we don't want your business.  I'm not saying you guys are racist but you need to treat your customers better.
4	This store is huge! I came here looking for chicken feed and this place has so much more than just feed. There were bunnies, A LOT of bunnies for sale also but I didn't see any chicks for sale. From hardware to dog toys, and clothes to fishing gear, this place is pretty cool & I'd say reasonably priced. I liked browsing through the gift section, which is where I found some decorative signs to put up around my house. I deducted a star, however, for the service. I was browsing around the store, looking to see if there was a specific aisle for chicken coops but the employee(s) in the hardware aisle didn't seem to want to help. I didn't see a lot of employees walking around trying to assist other customers but I also understand that it's a store that not a whole of people would shop at. This won't stop me from returning soon for more feed though.
4	I love this store. It used to be our Smith's Food King. I get to shop and stroll memory lane. They have chickens !!!
4	They have it all here, except Koi food. They do have clothes, food, feed for almost anything you can legally feed in Vegas, home deco, soda, rafting stuff, hunting stuff. You gret the idea?They lose a star because the cashier is almost always on the phone, and she doesn't let a silly thing like ringing a customer up slow her conversation. The rest of the staff is VERY friendly. Either I look really hot buying cken food and they are hitting on me, or they are extremely friendly and I'm conceited. Could go either way. Giant well lit parking lot, and bike parking, too.
4	Great place to shop for farm-related items,  western clothing, farm animal feed, etc. Lots of interesting things not normally found at a Walmart. Service is friendly. Seems out of place off Jones Ave from the 95 freeway. Would come back again if in the area.
