5	Las Vegas. Wild life? You bet.Las Vegas wildlife? A done deal if you visit the Dolphin Habitat at The Mirage Hotel, as I did during Yelp Spring Break.Thanks to a behind-the-scenes tour organized by an old friend/coworker, I was able to take a break from the Sin City craziness by stepping into what may be the least known--and to me, most fun--attraction on The Strip.The Dolphin Habitat is actually a research and training facility, so the dolphins do not "perform" as at other marine animal attractions, but we still witnessed plenty of flips and other "tricks" that are actually just examples of how dolphins interact and play with each other. We saw all the resident bottlenose dolphins, including two babies, in the various tanks from above and below. But my favorite part was when we actually got to take photos with and feed one of the adult dolphins, Osborne. It's a once-in-a-lifetime experience, and one that visitors can get by signing up for the VIP group tour or Trainer for a Day program.The dolphins are very well cared for, with their own veterinary staff, and are housed in a state-of-the-art facility. It's not hard to guess that The Mirage's expenses for taking care of these wonderfully smiley mammals exceeds the money that tourists spend during their visit. And in a town where making money is paramount, it's both impressive and refreshing to see a business that cares about more than dollar bills and offers tourists a softer--though still wild--side of Vegas.Ed. note: And 5 stars to M. :)
5	This is a must see. They do random shows, you can get really close to the dolphins and it is huge so you never feel cramped.
5	The Trainer For A Day program is fantastic. I was a bit hesitant because of the price ($550) but if you can make it happen it is well worth every penny. From the very beginning everyone at the Mirage Dolphin Exhibit is so kind and goes above and beyond to involve you in everything they do on a daily basis. All day you have the opportunity to train, pet, hug, kiss, feed and swim with the dolphins. They feed you breakfast and a three course lunch which was great. They provide you with everything you need and at the end of the day you get a cd with all the photos taken throughout the day. This is a must !
4	This place is really awesome. You cannot interact with any of the dolphins like some other exhibits of this kind, however, there are a lot of areas that you can see them from. After you are done looking at the dolphins, be sure to head back to the secret garden. There are some big cats back there and they are amazing! They were fairly active towards the end of the day, out walking around and even roaring. My 2 year old roared at the lion, to which he responded. It was awesome!
4	The dolphins make it worth the price of admission.  The lions, leopards, tigers, etc... is not too exciting.  Takes about 20 minutes to see everything that needs to be seen.
5	Clean, well organized. seemed like the people really cared about the animals.  wasnt crowded and you could get really close to the animals.
5	this place is Vegas baby! We came here to see the Dolphins and the Lions and Tigers and I must admit that they didn't disappoint. The only down is that on the day that we went it was 107 degrees and both of these exhibits are outdoors. HOT! We had a great time at the Mirage and would def consider staying at this casino in the future.
5	I absolutely love this place went in April of 2012 and cannot wait to return this April. The dolphins are gorgeous and I like the fact you are very close to all the action. The lion and tiger habitat is great as well although I feel bad for the leopard guy he got a raw deal in small little cage and the lions habitat is all hakuna matata like . Beautiful creatures though. They keep them well kept here. Was able to get some great shots!
5	Beautiful dolphin exhibit. The closest I have ever been to a dolphin as well.  Not too much to walk around and see, but what they do have is beautiful and well kept and the animals seems well taken care of. Your photo is taken before entering the lion habitat and you can view it and decide to purchase in the gift shop before you leave. Very nice experience for the family, though a little on the steep side price wise, it is a great stop if you have little ones or if you love dolphins, lions and tigers =) Entrance was about $55 for 2 adults and 1 child, full price as we did not have any coupons. We purchased a photo package of 4 shots and it came with paper frames and 1 nice frame surrounded with lions and tigers for about $38.
3	Too expensive for what it is. The entry fee is $ 19.95 for adults which I find outrageous. The little coffee shop is also very pricey. Not worth it in my opinion. Nonetheless,  the dolphins are cute and the white tigers, lions and leopards are beautiful but there isn't a whole lot to see.
5	I was actually surprised by this mini habitat. Saw two shows with the trainers and dolphins and it was amazing!! The dolphins splashed the water at you if you were close enough. If you've never been...check it out!
5	I've been here about 4 times since I've moved to Vegas. I always love to bring all my friends and family if they haven't been here yet. It's also great because they have a Vegas locals discount. :) Just a few bucks but hey anything helps! I love to watch the dolphins! They are my favorite part of the whole exhibit. Even though there isn't a live show the trainers do work with the dolphins quite often so you are able to see them in action. I know they have an option to swim with them and if given the opportunity I would love to do that one day! The lions and tigers were also great to see as well. It's crazy how huge they are. The day we went it was hot out so they were being lazy and sleeping but one of the white tigers was walking around so we watched him for a little while. If you are a local or visiting Vegas this is one of the attractions I would say you have to visit-especially if you are visiting with small children-they will love it!
3	I'm sorry, I was disappointed in the entire experience.  It was expensive, not much there and I was totally unhappy with the size of the enclosures for the animals.  I was told that the tigers are rotated from one area to another, but still and all, they need space.  Not much to see from my point of view and wouldn't bother to go again.
2	$20 a head, for, um, maybe 60 minutes?  felt way overpriced, even though $20 in vegas is NOTHING.  dolphins were cool -- but I don't normally support "zoos" (my PETA tendencies)....maybe 10 of them?  leopards were all asleep and far away.  one white tiger was pacing back and forth along the fence line...seemed caged in (duh).  this wasn't a "sad" zoo, but pretty much lacking in diversity.   long and slow line to pay...even though 12 people in front of us.  why so slow?  they try and sell you other shows/packages at MGM properties.  so you have people going, "ummm...maybe that one..." and so on.  very SLOW process indeed.  would I go back?  no.  unless i really LOVED dolphins, which I don't.
5	One of my highlights in our recent Vegas trip. We got the VIP tour. We got there and our tour guide, who unfortunately I can't for the life of me remember her name, was there waiting for us smiles and all! Literally, as soon as she saw us, our tour got started! We had NO idea what to expect in this tour. We started off going into their "veterinarian" section and was the start of us being less than 5 feet away from the dolphins! She explained to us some health facts, led us into their "kitchen", their lab and showed some of their giant filters that kept their water safe. She started walking us outside where the dolphins were and told us we'd be taking some pictures with them! After that excitement, we got to go more behind the scenes and watch the dolphins through a glass window. Part of the VIP tour was a visit to see the lions, tigers and jaguars! The cats weren't as active as the dolphins but still pretty cool to see. Worth the price!
4	This place is kind of small, but is really nice to go to. They have dolphins and variety of large cats for show. If you go at the right time, the aquatic trainers will demonstrate some dolphin tricks for show. For military personal, there is a discount. I think the ticket is $16.
5	Such a cool place! Very glad we found it. They offer a discount for military and locals. We got to see lots of dolphins as well as lions, tigers, and a leopard. They also offer to take a souvenier picture. Once you enter the habitat, you can stay as long as you want. There are two gift shops on location plus a snack bar. We got to see the dolphins do tricks and play. Our 9 month old loved it.
5	Great experience! I've read some comments how people felt it was overpriced but I feel that I got more than my $$ worth with the dolphin experience alone. The dolphins don't do "shows", they are encouraged to act as they would in the wild with treats as a reward. Maybe people were expecting a Sea World type show? I could see how it could be disappointing if you're expecting that level of a show. It was amazing to me how close you could get to the dolphins. You could literally reach out and tough them with minimal effort if the trainers would allow. There are a lot of dolphins spread out in several pools and play with each other and the trainers. At one point I forgot I was in Vegas. The big cat exhibit showcased the beautiful animals. While I think it's great these cats are well kept there is always a part of me that is sad they are reduced life in a small cage where they pace, non-stop, back and forth. They were stunning to observe and see them interact with each other. You're also very close to the cages which also makes for an interesting experience. The big cat exhibit didn't take long to walk through but you could definitely extend your visit with how long you observe each cage. All in all way more worth it considering the cost to take of these animals and the fact that you can take a nice relaxing break from the crowds, slots and drunks.
1	This is a sad place. The dolphins are in tiny pools, and I just left sad and depressed. I'm sorry I ever came.
5	We did the VIP Tour, and loved it!! Obviously a bit pricey, but the amazing picture we got out of it, and the chance to pet a dolphin, made it worth it for us. What was NOT clear on the website (to us at least) was that if you buy a ticket ($200) it's good for up to 5 people. At that price we decided to buy just one ticket since my wife is the one who really loves dolphins, I had planned on hanging out in the casino while she did the tour. Thankfully another couple on the tour made the exact same mistake (they each bought a ticket) and my wife overheard the tour guide explaining to them they only needed one ticket, she called me and I was still close enough to join the tour before it started. We found the tour supper informative, I tried my best to stump the tour guide but to no avail. Bottom line, if you want to learn a lot about dolphins in a short amount of time, get an awesome pic with a dolphin, and can save up enough pennies to pay the steep price, this is a must!!!!
5	Think you can't get dolphins in Las Vegas? You're wrong! This is the perfect place to go to break away from the crowds and give that dolphin lover a close-up of these beautiful creatures. If you want even more hands-on action, pay a little extra and you can become a dolphin trainer's assistant!
5	My favorite place to visit in vegas.  You can actually see many dolphins swimming around the pool.  They are very playful and I was able to see them playing with baloons.  If you can afford it, try "dolphin interaction program" which is still in my bucket list.
5	Dolphin experience of a lifetime!! I have wanted to swim with dolphins since I was 12 and wanted to be a dolphin trainer when I was younger. My husband helped my dream come true by purchasing the Trainer for a Day Program at the Mirage and it ended up fulfilling all those dreams I had since I was young. I was able to swim with, hug, kiss and even be towed across the pool by a dolphin! I was able to learn so much about them and how they care for each one. The trainers were so helpful and kind and really made the experience!! The food they served was great and we even had a waiter standing by to get us what ever we were wanting. This package is worth every penny it costs!!!
1	I'm only giving this place one star. Well one, because I love animals and two;This is nowhere to keep these creatures. The dolphins just don't seem very happy. They keep the females in one pool with her babies and the males in another pool. If you see this small pool it will truly surprise you, and not to mention how there is absolutely no shade. I mean yes they're in water but still.. It's VEGAS, and in the summer we get high temps of 100++ it's ridiculous. The other worse part was seeing all those amazing wild animals in captivity. Ferocious Lions and tigers, beautiful fast leopards, all just laying there pretty much lifeless. I definitely don't support it, I don't believe animals should be in those conditions in which I have seen.
1	These dolphins live in hell. You can see infections around their mouth. They are not happy. When you buy a ticket for this, you are supporting the brutal slaughter taking place in Japan. http://www.cnn.com/2014/09/24/world/asia/japan-taiji-dolphin-hunt/
5	Dolphin habitat very well maintained. They are treated with love and always are playful.  I have been going since I was 5 and I make it a must to stop here everytime I go. I love tigers , so it's nice they have them to see also. I love animals , and I know that these animals are being treated fairly. Unlike sea world :/
3	Not exactly sure why the Secret Garden and the Dolphin Habitat are listed separately on Yelp since one admission price gets you into both.  So here's my comments on the Dolphin Habitat side.  1.  It's expensive.  I asked at the ticket counter for a military discount or local discount (yes, I qualify).  Nope.  So $69 for 2 adults and 2 children.  There are 3 pools for the dolphins - I'm not exactly sure how many reside there, but I'm going to go with 8-10.  It's not the best environment for the dolphins, but I wouldn't say it's cruel.  They had a short training session with the dolphins, and a couple of them did some nice flips and spins out of the water.  The cool thing is you get to stand right at the pool's edge, so you can get some awesome shots less than 10 feet away.  That's the best part of it, so bring a nice camera.  Other than that, it's small.  And I already mentioned expensive.  Even with the Secret Garden admission included, it's hardly a good value.
3	For the people who gave this 1 star because "the dolphins seem unhappy" or "they should not be held in captivity", go away.... you are in the wrong place. This is Yelp, not PETA.  You don't know their mental or physical health, and you don't know the water temperature. If you purchased a ticket, you're directly supporting this place and are a hypocrite. If you didn't visit, then you have no business writing a review. Now, for the actual Yelping. This place was pretty small and a bit overpriced. In general i wasn't too entertained which is why i gave it 3/5.  In the first pool the dolphins weren't as active, however you can go underground and get a good up close look. Watching the dolphins play with the ball toy was pretty interesting. One of the dolphins decided to drop a number 2 right in front of the window!!! The people watching went nuts, it was hysterical.  The second pool had a bunch more Dolphins zipping all over the place, jumping out of the water and what not. One jumped vertical our right in front of us, it looked like it was posing for a picture!I overheard a person asking a trainer a few questions and she seemed very knowledgeable and interested in her job. A decent place for a kid or someone not so jaded. Here on 10/02
4	Great show of Dolphins with training sessions as well Sea World like performances.  Be sure to walk through the underwater exhibit area !!!Remember the Vegas is in a desert and the heat can be sweltering - So try to visit early before the sun does its job on you and yours !!!
2	One admission price gets you into the Dolphin Habitat and the Secret Garden (listed separately however and will review on it's own) . For 2 adults and 2 children, the price was $69.  Many other Yelp reviews commented that the dolphins appeared sad and mistreated.  I cannot read dolphin emotions and did not see any outward evidence of abuse.  I just thought the whole place looked old and sad. You can watch the dolphins in the first pool from above or below. There was a second pool where some trainers were hanging around with the dolphins   They answered some questions but I did not find them to be particularly enthusiastic, informative or knowledgeable.  Before we left they started a "show" highlighting the people who had paid the big bucks to be "dolphin trainers for the day".   Well, I don't think they really learned to train so well because the tricks the Dolphins did were pretty weak.  I recall visiting Dolphin Habitat about 20 years ago and being very impressed.  However, I don't think anything has changed about this place since then. It really needs a huge maker-over. This is a very poor value (even with the Secret Garden)  and I would not recommend it.
