3	I wasn't aware this museum existed, so popped in helped by the fact it is free.Situated in what seems to be an old house (17th century according to Stephanies review) and with this house comes the squeakiest floorboards imaginable. I think you need to experience it but I almost shat myself when I was quietly enjoying the exhibits and heard what sounded like the floor caving in above me. Sheesh. I guess the floorboards are part of the exhibit.The museum gives a brief history of Edinburgh. I found the history of the Old Town and development of the New Town quite interesting. As was the Greyfriar's Bobby display, love a good heartwarming story now and again! There was a lot of emphasis on silver, china, pottery and glass which I didn't find particularly interesting. But if you are an admirer of bowls and tea pots then it will be your thing.There is a room dedicated to children playing which I was tempted by. Full of dressing up gear, paper and pens you could ditch the kids here while you wander round. The museum overall is pretty small and it would probably only take you an hour to do. I quite liked the gift shop, full of quirky little cards and jam.
2	I live in Holyrood, so imagine my surprise when I found out there was a museum a mere 2 minutes from my flat. Who knew! So off I went with my friend Lauren, hoping for a nice, educational day out.....it wasn't so great though. It's really small and doesn't really have much to offer, to be brutally honest. Yeah it's free - but it would have to be. I wouldn't pay to get in there!Maybe it's worth a look if you've exhausted all other things to do in the city, but otherwise walk on by!
3	It kind of makes sense that Edinburgh should have its own museum, but up until now I didnt know one actually existed.The free entry into the old house which this museum is situated in help draw in customers - most of whom seem to be simply in here for a way to kill a bit of time.The exhibits themselves are quite interesting, although the things like pottery just dont do it for me. The history of the city developing is interesting and insightful, but all I can say is that I am glad it is free.
3	Interesting and free museum that was pointed out by the bus tour guide at one of the stops. It's located just up the hill from Holyrood and across from Canongate Kirk.Edinburgh history, going back quite a number of years. Many interesting displays of the city, including armor worn in the 17th century, a policeman's uniform and truncheon from the 19th century, lots and lots of silver bowls and cups. One room dedicated to the women's suffrage struggle including a looped video with interviews of several participants.It's a very twisty windy place with room after room of interesting items and just when you think you might have come to the end, there's another room beyond!Several rooms with activities for the kiddies.Definitely worth an hour or more of your time to learn about the history of the city of Edinburgh.
3	Despite offering an insight into how Edinburgh developed firstly as a town and then as a city with the aid of some little models that covers an area of history you will not find on offer elsewhere, this place is a bit of a disappointment.  Maybe I set my expectations too high when I was greeted with a friendly smile upon entering, but I do feel it could have offered a lot more.Sure it's nice to see what Edinburgh looked like when it was just a hill fort blissfully unaware of what the future held for it, but I can't help but think there's a bit more to Edinburgh than this place lets on.  Once it was one of the capitals of the world for thought and enlightenment - Edinburgh was to knowledge what Florence was to art.This makes me think they could have done a bit better.  Luckily I'm very fond of the little models otherwise it could have been just two stars.
4	There's something quite charming about a museum where the interior design is as dusty and out of date as the various bits and bobs on display, and The Museum of Edinburgh sits nicely with the People's Story and Museum of Childhood in this respect.There's quite a large selection of old pots and pans on display, which are just as interesting as they sound, but the best exhibit is the 1500s model of Edinburgh. I'm not sure how accurate it is, but it's quite fascinating that despite being about a twentieth of the size and littered with even filthier, disease ridden streets, it still looks recognisable, and a place worth visiting, assuming you have both a time machine and plague tablets. Apart from that there's a "Girl Power" suffragettes exhibit, a few dummies in period costume, and some other stuff involving crockery. It's worth half an hour at most, but it's  both educational and free, so give it a whirl.
4	It had started to rain in our beautiful capital city (what's new) so to avoid getting even more soaked I plodded inside The Museum of Edinburgh, squelching all the way. I love free museums and they're perfect stored away for rainy days.As soon as you walk in you find yourself in the gift shop which I thought was a bit back to front, aren't gift shops usually saved for the end of the museum tour? All was forgotten as soon as I spied a jar of rosy apples - my favourite! I decided that it was best to wait until the way out to purchase them and so continued on into the museum. It was much bigger than I expected and I browsed round the first couple of rooms perusing models of Edinburgh as it was in days of old. They also have this really cool glass case with an old fashioned shoe inside that has a protective cover over it called a "pattern", women used to wear these to protect their heels and shoes from getting muddy. What a cool idea, why don't we have something like this now?I particularly like the room about the Suffragettes and spent a good while in here browsing all the information and watching a short film about what women did to get their right to vote. Moving on from this I wandered up to the pottery section and as I've recently taken up pottery as a hobby I was really interested to see the potters wheel and various ceramics. My own efforts were put to shame by the masterpieces here but it's good for inspiration, I guess. I couldn't help but laugh as I was the only person on this floor and when I walked along the floor boards creaked and sounded like frogs croaking. Ah, I'm so easily amused.Apart from giggling like a school girl at the creaky floorboards I noticed a cute ceramic billy goat and a koi carp soup bowl that is one of only three ever made before the designer destroyed the mould. Who knew?Overall, The Museum of Edinburgh is really interesting and has a lot of exhibits to browse, it isn't as fun as the People's Story museum directly across the road but it's an excellent and interesting free resource.
5	We found this wonderful place kinda by accident. Hiking down the Royal Mile, it caught our eye, so in we went. This place is HUGE!!!2 of us (old and tired) opted for the movie (small cost but well worth it). It was the story of Edinburgh (in about 30 minutes or so) and was well done and informative. Our 3rd group member (younger and with more oomph) hiked up the circular stairs (I'd had enough of those, thank you very much) and lost herself among the, what seemed like miles, of wonderful displays (according to her).All in all, this is a real treasure.I also read their flier - they offer many, many things for families and kids throughout the year.  Locals - if you aren't checking this out with your children, you are really missing out! There were things I'd love to do!Just a wee bit up the Royal Mile from Holyrood Palace, across from Canongate Kirk. And there's a coffee stop next door.
5	Wow this is the kind of place that if you live in Edinburgh you should be made to feel interested in visiting? This building with it's maze of rooms is crammed full of exhibits from the history of E.You will find Greyfriars bobby's food bowls and his connections to Greyfriars Kirk, visits from royalty in 1822, collections from the upper classes, silver tea urns, sketchy pictures from the great fires of E, the law, the Commonwealth Games, women's shoes, pottery and voting rights. Not forgetting there is a play/dress up area for kids who will probably fall hopelessly in love with it.Parents will no doubt find it less fun than their children, but more interesting, though not as much fun as scholars of history; two of whom seemed to be having a ball sharing facts, of the images that adorned the walls and cabinets when I visited!I was more impressed with the weird layout of this museum than the one across the road purely based on the fact that it was quite interactive, was room to move around displays and it was quiet.They have a 17 minute film of the creation of Edinburgh, and it really made us appreciate how the old/new town was created around the seven hills that E sits upon.In all we spent about hour here learning a few things while with the rest of our party received gifts, poked and nosed around.In all five stars for a collection displayed for all to see, depicting the great things that Edinburgh is famous for worldwide, and not a deep fried mars bar or picture of Renton in sight!Also stop at the shop at entrance for your historic factual gifts of E.
4	Great free museum...Learn about the area...Lovely stop on Mile.
