1	Get a P.O. Box at the post office instead of using the UPS store! $60 for a box for 3 months is outrageous. Everything is peachy when you're paying them but when you want to cancel your box they REFUSE TO FORWARD YOUR MAIL AND INSTEAD RETURN TO SENDER!
1	This place tries to rip off customers. I came in with an item that weighed less than 4 pounds, plus I needed a box. They tried to charge me $63 for UPS Ground. I am not stupid! I took my item to a different UPS Store and was only charged $26 for the shipping and the box.
1	i rented a box at this store becaue I travel a good deal and don't want to leave my mail in the mailbox in front of my house. At first, things were good, albiet expensive. Now, notices have been issued that if box holders don't pick up their packages EVERYDAY, they will be charged $5 per package per day for storage. This is insane; what do I need this servie for if I could pick up my mail everyday. Now, advertised services (notary and who knows what else) are not available because they take too long. Not only did they not notify PAYING box holders that they are discontinuing services, but they refused to provide a notary service to me when I was the ONLY customer in the store with two employees - one of them clearly with nothing to do.I inquired about shipping a 30 pound box and was quoted a price of $110 for UPS 5-day ground delivery. The US Postal Service and Fed Ex both price the same shipping at ~$35. Of course,  I went to Fed Ex via Post Net, where they also notarized my document for me - and I'm not a box holder there. I will be soon!Concerns expressed to management fell on deaf ears. When asked if they would turn away a new customer who wanted to apply for a mailbox due to the time it takes to service such a request, I was told no. So, they'll take the time to take on new customers, but they won't take the time to service existing customers. Interesting.Take your money someplace else. I certainly will when my current contract ends. Given that the average profit for a UPS Store franchise is less than $40,000 per year, you'd think this store would do everything it could to hold on to its customers. It's a good thing the owner has a good paying real job.
1	Do you sell single stamps? NO. Really? Ughhhh what happened to those days where you can get a single effing stamp!?I came here to send out a letter, well 2 actually. Now I normally just have stamps alas I didnt. So instead of buying a book I opted for the weighted send out they provide. My total was 1.40 and at first I didnt pay any mind, but then I was like, WTF? I asked the rude older blonde and she gave me a huge attitude. "Well its 70cents to send out a letter with the scale, its to pay for the ink, the paper, and the scale rental" Ok, totally effing stupid and a rip off! I used to work at a health department where I PROCESSED MAIL AND THE INK WAS NOT 1000S of dollars! Nor was the rent, or the "paper" straight bullsheet! Anyway, I may stop to just drop crap off thats already stamped, but will try to avoid the rude blonde! You should do the same!
1	Save yourself some hassle and just go to the UPS Store on Durango & Desert Inn, this store is horrible. We went there to get a document notarized. Prior to showing up we checked to make sure that a notary was working and the lady said that she could notarize documents,. Great, so far so good. Well, when we got there she refused to perform the notary services!  She said that since she just got her notary she won't notarize documents that she doesn't understand. What an idiot! I tried to explain that it isn't her business what's in the document, she's only responsible for making sure that the person signing the document is who they say they are and witness the signing. She disagreed and was really rude about it. I shouldn't have expected much out of her since she looked like they found her under an overpass and reeked of cigarette smoke. So, long story short - the store employee is a rude idiot. Take your business elsewhere.
5	I went here to ship a package and the service was great. It's nice to interact with people that aren't so stiff because they're at work.
