4	Great spot for breakfast or lunch in downtown Mesa. The food is above average, and the pricing very reasonable. I eat here about once a week (close to work). I would pick a local place like this over Denny's, Coco's and the like any day. They offer unique off-menu specials like: grandma's meatloaf, spinach quiche, and blueberry pancakes almost every day.No waiting, the place is somewhat large and never too crowded. Has the look and feel of a mid-western breakfast spot.The staff are very polite and helpful, and they get to know you by name.
4	Wow, what a great little spot!  I found this place while wondering around Mesa, and its a cute little spot.  Serve breakfast and lunch.  Great large layout, plenty of seating, and cutely decorated.  Like Michael C said, it has a great little midwestern feel to it.  While I was here, I ordered the chese omlette. Came with hashbrowns, and the food was tasty.  I felt like I got a good amount of food for my $$.  The service was really personal, and that was great!  Lovely little place.This would be a place that I would come to eat and read the sunday paper, take my mom to, or just spend time at with a good friend, as the atmosphere was relaxed and allowed you to not be overwhelmed with noise or a small cramped dining room.
1	My grandma loved me.This grandma only offered me . . . . margarine?  Really?  In today's day and age and grandma has no butter?  Its not just about science here, its about taste.  Unfortunately grandma didn't have that either.The hash-browns were flavorless.  The ham was only cooked on one side.  The french toast had a form of cinnamon in it but it still lacked in flavor, explain to me how that is possible?  I'm still perplexed.  The maple syrup was a far, distant step cousin to anything maple.  The coffee, a measure in any restaurant, was miserably lacking.We went to Grandma's Kitchen based on the two reviews here on Yelp and I was sadly, sadly misled.  :(
4	There is only one reason why I would not give this place "5" stars.  It's only because they should reconsider naming the place "Grandma's B!t@hin'The food is really good but the owner likes to come around and complain about past customers while you eat.  It's kind of off putting.  Otherwise, everyone is really nice.  The atmosphere is more than pleasant and you can't beat the breakfast.
5	I have been going to this place for years, even at it's old location.  The food it great, the portions are what we fat Americans should be eating, the prices are great, there is a play area for the kids, and Grandma even lets the kids pick out a toy from her bucket when you leave.  Too the two people that thought Grandma was rude, you must have done something pretty bad to get scolded or treated rude by Grandma.I brought a party of 12 in once and she brought all our food out at once except my husbands, his arrived about 5 minutes later, and she took more then half off of our bill without us even complaining, needless to say, that time I was happy too pay the bill for a party of 12!I love this place, it's like when you go to a small town and everyone waves, just really friendly, a great place to go for good people.
2	Good $1 cookies.Service is not so good, ignore customers, busy chatting with people instead of helping customers.
5	Grandma's Kitchen was a wonderful find.  Fresh delicious food in a bright clean atmostphere.  There is a little play area where kids can entertain themselves while the grownups visit making this the most peaceful meal we've had with the 6 year old.  My Egg Salad on marble rye and potato salad ($6.50) tasted just like my mother made.  They were made with nothing but the basic ingredients.  The bread was soft and fresh.  Good iced coffee for only a buck-fifty.   My daughter got a Croissant Club ($8.50) she said was top quality.  The kids meal was $4.50 for a hot dog, applesauce, cookie and drink, and my new granddaughter ate every bit of it.  The peach cobbler was okay but not to die for.  But our overall experience was just great. I highly recommend this place--and my fellow Grandma makes everything personal.  Hours are roughly 7am to 3pm but she was stilll making sandwiches for walk-ins at 4pm in spite of cleaning up.  I like a business that puts serving their customers first.  There is plenty of seating and we lucked out and were able to park right out front.  There are a few tables outside, but considering it was, like, 112 degrees out, we chose the cool inside tables.Thanks to Yelp for helping me find this spot, though my daughter had been to it before and also gave it good marks.  I'll be back!
4	There is no place like Grandma's Kitchen in the valley.  If you are looking for a great breakfast and you are in Mesa, then definitely check out this unique place.  Every meal on the menu is homemade and that staff is always wonderful and friendly.  Just like mom used to make?  Absolutely!!
2	Food is really average and bland, not what I was hoping for by any means. Weird place in general, not an atmosphere I enjoyed or wanted to come back to anytime soon.
4	I love Grandma's. It's close to where I work so I often go there for lunch. The food is always delicious. My favorite is the veggie melt sandwich. Prices are average, the atmosphere is nice and homey. And sometimes Grandma stops at your table for a chat :)
1	I would not recommend Grandma's Kitchen to people with young children. It is supposed to be a kid friendly restaurant. I guess just not for children 3 and under. I admit my son's ages 2 and 3 were a little noisy. But I did not appreciate being told to keep my children quite. Grandma also telling my children to use there inside voices. I immediately responded by saying 2 year olds do not understand what an inside voice is and left the restaurant.
2	I've visited several times for both breakfast and lunch.  They strive to have a homey feel, but the fake wood floors just make the place overly noisey.  The staff is very nice.  The food always reminds me of what I make myself when I'm in a hurry, rushing out the door.  Overall, I don't enjoy the place very much.
3	I almost didnt get to have a chance to try the food! The place is very country like and gives you the feeling that you are in a place that will have good down home country food. The food was ok. The reason I almost didnt get a chance to try was because with Grandmas attitude and rude manor aai had to talk my wife into staying and not walking out! Glad my grandma wasnt like that!
3	Grandma's has relocated to the corner of Country Club & Main, in the former Human Bean location.  We tried it for the first time today.  It rates a semi-solid 2.5 stars.  The food was OK prices were fair, service was a bit slow.  I had an omelet and it was ok.  There was just nothing particularly great (or bad about it).  Grandma was omnipresent, but we didn't get to witness or experience her legendary saltiness.  Maybe next time.
2	It appears Grandma's has moved to the SW corner of Country Club and Main St., in Mesa.  We will see if the space is as noisy now.  I wish them luck.
1	"Maybe next time".  Brak must be prophetic.  On our next visit, we got to experience the famous "warmth" that Grandma is known for.  Let's put it this way - this joint can be about as warm as Hitler's bunker during a power failure in January.  There are too many excellent breakfast options in the area that deserve our business to have to put up with such foolishness.  Sayonara, Grandma.
1	I'm shocked that Grandma's Kitchen has been open as long as it has (and could afford to move to a great location). The food is mediocre at best, and the service is off the charts bad.My boyfriend and I had breakfast here twice before swearing never to come again. His omelet was so-so, and my oatmeal was watery and possibly instant. The toast was good, but that's not a shock.The seating area is crowded with furniture that obviously doesn't suit the space. It's hard to move around in the restaurant, there's no waiting area, and you have to climb over high-back stools in order to attempt to pay at the cash register. (If people can't get to their counter, they should accept payments at the table.)The worst part of the restaurant is the service. When we first visited, there was a grouchy late-middle-aged woman we thought might be Grandma. She ignored the customers, and some even left after being seated but before eating. On our second visit, we met Grandma. What a nasty, irritable monster. I'll never spend a dime on a place that behaves this way to its customers. Shame on you, Grandma.
5	Well I love this place!!! Awesome country fried steak and corned beef hash.  Love grandma too! Some ppl may call her rude but I think she is very real. No phony waitresses here. I don't know about anyone else but she is just like my grandma. Don't take no crap frm anyone. For sure worth a try if lookin for a great breakfast. :)
1	My grandmothers weren't this rude and their cooking was INFINITELY better-tasting.  Don't waste the trip.  I ordered eggs that had absolutely no taste to them.  The waitress went out of her way to be rude to me and other guests there.  HORRIBLE, HORRIBLE service (I think they are mentally ill) and very bad food.
3	Good wholesome breakfast in Mesa, Arizona. We were here on vacation and so happened to stumble into this joint. My bf and his parents were all vacationing here. It's a little catchy place with decors that you will see at your "grandma's house." The price and portions are good. The service was very friendly.
1	If you like someone being a total b#@$^ to you then Grandma's is the place! Grandma? Maybe Hitler or Sadam.
2	Let's start with the positives because I do actually think there were a few...The food wasn't bad, I ordered the Ham and Cheese omelet and I wish the ham was in thinner pieces and the potatoes were too soft and mushy - I really liked the french toast and they had HOT syrup and it was so good! You get great portions to what you pay for, so make sure you're hungry.Negatives...I think this place should be renamed "Angry Aunt Betty's Kitchen" I wouldn't say the waitresses were 'mean' but the environment was angry; it had no purpose, no identity, no "grandma's kitchen" feel. To be honest Grandma's Kitchen felt like a re-purposed coffee house...and since I've lived in this area for a while, I know it WAS a  coffee house. I'm not overly impressed with the service and since they don't have that to fall back onto, I will go to a number of other places - sorry Grandma, you just ain't cuttin' it!
2	Grandma's Kitchen.............it looked like grandmas kitchen, but didnt feel like it. The decor was pretty solid and had a country feel. I wanted to like this place, I really did.................My GF and I decided to have breakfast here on a Saturday moring. There was no one there when we arrived, service was prompt and items were delivered prompt. I had no clue what my waitress' name was or her helper. There was no review of the specials or the daily quiche availability. There was plenty of time to decide on what to order,........though i could feel the service staffs eyes burning a hole in the back of my head while I reviewed the menu. I could also hear the Cooks kitchen conversation going on, it wasnt vulgar or anything but honestly it was kinda weird, and not that cooks are supposed to look professional or anything, but when they come out of the back to get coffee, maybe say hi rather than staring at us from the other side of the counter. Portions were good, I am Biased against fake eggs, by fake eggs I mean Eggbeaters and this is what they use for Omelets, no flavor at all. The Sausage patties were pretty good but kinda thin. There was also an unusual display fridge with items in it, not sure what it was for, or what the items inside were for.I gave this a 2 star rating because of atmosphere, service staff and price. I also think a local paper would go a long way......They Swung for the fences and hit a foul ball.
5	Fantastic. Despite the other reviews I still went, with some hesitation. I walked in and was greeted by (I think a granddaughter?) the waitress, and was told I could sit where I wanted. My drink order was taken and a menu was given to me. I chose the Denver Omlette, with wheat toast, and a cinnamon roll  (because I am a fatty and have been on a competition diet for 6 months). Coffee came, and water (which I didn't have to ask for), and shortly there after my food came. Let me just say that I gave this place 5 stars specificially because of their potatoes which were crispy where they needed to be and had a ton of flavor. Their omlette was awesome, nice and fluffy, really big pieces of green pepper, ham, and onions, YUM. Their cinnamon roll, over flowing with icing and butter. Omg, SO good. Let me just say... if you act like a jackass to Grandma, she will treat you like one right back. The staff wasn't rude, as previous reviews suggested. The place was very clean, and did remind me of my Grandma's kitchen except not Polish.
3	Grandma's Kitchen is kind of what you would expect for restaurant outside of a motel. It is small and we came in on a Saturday and had to wait a couple of minutes for a table to clear. It isn't the greatest food by any means, but it's not bad. I ordered a chef salad. It's all basically stuff chopped from standard processed packaging. Adequate and filling but nothing that stands out. Not that exciting. I didn't get any saltines. Do I really have to ask?The ice tea was delicious and service was good. Grandma herself seemed annoyed when my friend ordered her BLT without any bread. Her reaction seemed almost irritated. I think the pies looked good and fresh baked, with huge dallops of ice cream. I'm sure breakfast is the real deal here. Check your arteries at the door. I doubt I'd come back honestly. There just isn't that much to make it stand out.
1	"Holy moly donut shop" the flies were flying and dead ones on my chair when we sat. Moldy bread was served then replaced.  Like most of the area the place needs to be cleaned then recleaned... new chairs as well!  Been coming here for years... need that clean  loving country grandma feel back. For now it was pretty scary.Toy should be disinfected as well with EVERYTHING in that TOY bucket gift holder for every kid, my child's toy was sticky from what seemed like syrup.
1	I went here with my father in law and my 9 year old daughter. I ordered the chilli and it was served in a cup and cost me nearly six dollars, along with it came two packages of two crackers. I started eating the chilli and it was a little spicy so I asked for more crackers, well you would have thought I asked for the goose that laid the golden eggs! I have never come across a more rude Grandma in my life! She made all kinds of remarks and faces because I asked and then brought me two more crackers! She then proceeded to tell a story about a man that used to come in all the time and he was always dieting....she laughed and laughed because even though he dieted he was "STILL FAT!". I couldn't believe what I was witnessing! None of us at the table were fat either so I have no idea where that story came from.Needless to say we will NEVER patronize this establishment again, there was nothing special about the food, service or anything else and I along with everyone else in the world can live without the meaness!
2	Was looking for a breakfast place so we decided to stop at Grandma's Kitchen.. The atmosphere was so-so, they should have had music on or something! The waitress wasn't mean or rude, just kinda surly. I ordered the bacon, spinach and mushroom omelette, minus the 'shrooms. When I got the omelette I noticed the spinach didn't look very fresh, and upon first bite I could taste it: CANNED SPINACH!! Ew. I'm assuming the mushrooms would have been canned too, glad I left them off..
1	I see that I can update my last review and is that ever a good thing! It seems that Grandma can't take constructive criticism as since I wrote the review, she has now found me on facebook and began harassing me. This woman has got to be the most unprofessional business person I have EVER encountered in my life and I think I may just go to the news about her!
2	Some what cheap food. Grandma is rude. I don't recommend this place at all! Keep on moving.
3	I enjoyed the food, I got the chicken fried steak and it came with mashed potatoes and the gravy that comes on the steak. Also some green beans and a side salad that comes out first. All in all the food was good. Coming in was confusing. We weren't greeted and since it was our first time there we were very confused. Because it's a cozy place I'm ok with there not being a hostess stand. But I do feel like someone should be on top of greeting the guests so that we know how the waiting works (you just walk in and stand awkwardly at the door and they ask who was there first when they have a table ready.)All in all it's so so. But I do love that it's a famiky business and the food was good
