4	If you're into Chinese cooking then Hing Sing Chinese is definitely worth a visit.  It has a massive range of authentic Oriental ingredients some of which are well known, others I've never even heard of.  It sells massive, almost industrial sized, jars of ready-made sauces to add to meat or vegetables.  Apparantly the local Chinese restaurants and takeaways buy their ingredients from here as they also offer fresh vegetables, spices, herbs and frozen and fresh meat.  Just a glance up their spice rack will tell you how well stocked this place is, with just about every one being sold fresh, ground, dried or flaked. Although nothing in Hing Sing is particularly cheap, it is the range and quality of their stock which is its clinching asset.
4	This place is amazing - even if you dont plan on throwing a party for 94 people who all like chinese food.This place seems to cater for either very big families who eat nothing but freshly prepared hinese food, and for the takeaways the rest of us use.There is a massive selection of just about every ingredient you could ever need here and its all fresh, or at least as close to fresh as you can get for certain ingredients. Its a bit expensive, but so be it - when there is a jar of 'special cooking sause' that could feed you and your family for a month, who worries about price?
4	Very helpful bunch of people, they have special offers and if you cannot find what you are looking for (doubtful, but can happen) they are happy to advise on alternatives or even attempt to order it for you.They even helped me when I was trying to learn and order in Mandarin!They are always well stocked and full of value and difficult to source products.The place is a bit cramped and seeing how popular they are they should move to a bigger location.. but that would mean loosing them from Leith Walk .. so no.
4	Staying just right across the street from this Chinese supermarket, I am a regular during the weekends to stock up my groceries.  Being a Chinese, I have to say the selection is not that vast.  However, between Hing Sing and Pat's Chung Ying supermarket further down the road, Hing Sing has the cheapest price I think for all items or at least most items.  The location is great but the supermarket itself looks old and tiny with little place to manoeuvre.  However, the staff are really helpful and they will also tell you what you can use the ingredients for if you are stuck or wish to try something new.
5	Definitely my fave Asian super out of the two on Leith Walk. Generally because their prices are cheaper, although there are certain things Hing Sing doesn't stock, so when I'm doing an "Asian Shop", I usually hit up both places. I always feel a bit like I'm inside a rabbit warren while I'm here as there's not a lot of room to move around.I've actually never asked for help so can't speak for how good the staff are but I've never left empty handed and it's a great place to buy fresh produce as well as those obscure spices you find in cookbooks which you'd be hard pressed to find elsewhere.
5	Love this place, definitely better than the other Chinese supermarket on Leith Walk, and the staff I've found to be helpful if you're having difficulty locating a product.Of course it's not just Chinese, I frequently pop in to pick up Thai and Japanese ingrediants too, and the range is pretty good and reasonably priced. Much cheaper than buying supermarket versions of the same products!
4	This store is great! So many options and super easy to find everything you might need for Asian cooking. They also are super cheap! They have an array of spices, oils and sauces that go beyond just Asian (Chinese, Japanese, Thai, etc) foods, so you will find some nice steals for every day cooking. The fresh food section has gotten heaps better since I started going there a few months ago and you can get just about any traditional green veg you would need for making a dish except broccoli. They also have option in the way of how much you buy so you don't buy fresh stuff you won't use. It doesn't have a huge selection of frozen food or pre-made things, but it certainly makes up for it in its array of teas, sauces, etc. Definitely an easy place to find everything you would need for your own hot and sour soup or black bean noodle dish. You have to at least have over 5 pounds to use a card, but its so easy to spend heaps on stocking your cabinet. Noodle soups are my go-to for cold weather, so I would recommend anyone head here for the ingredients they need for some home cooking!
