5	S K Cleaners cleaned and removed the stain from my tie without adding virtually any creases to it (unlike a couple of cleaners I've used in the past).  Very impressed.
3	Small mom and pop store owned by fellow Koreans (talk about stereotypes lol) Anyways, I think they do a good job with dry cleaning my suits and pants. They always come back crisp and clean. But they were a little disappointing in hemming/altering my suit jacket which had a broken/busted up edge from I don't know how. It was just loose stitching that ran across the bottom of my suit jacket so I just needed it to be closed without any loose ends. When I got it back, it looked pretty bad with loose ends and it didn't even look like the other side. Not to be mean, but if I took home economics, I'm sure I would've done a better job. Another  incident that made me think less of their altering job was when my gf had to get something fixed on her dress and they said they were not physically able to do it. If you are going to get a cleaning, great place. But if you have to get alterations (even minor ones), maybe look for a different place.
4	They are on the expensive side for drycleaning ($9 for a trench coat), but I was very happy with their alterations.I waited until the last minute to get some dress pants hemmed up for a trip. The alterations place at San Tan that I previously used wanted to charge me $50!! CASH!! to hem two pairs of pants with a two day turnaround. S K did a great job for less than half that. I dropped off my pants at noon Monday and picked them up at 5pm Wednesday.I'm pretty short and love ill-fitting bargain clothes from Last Chance so I'll definitely be using them again.
5	Small business that always seems to try their best. Clothes come out cleaner than they go in and alterations come out great. Got my dress altered and it seemed like a tough job but she still got it doneIf u need a good cleaners, This is a good place
1	They shrank my daughter's pants so that the polyester lining was hanging out the bottoms and then told me that they would refund me $4. The outfit cost $65 and they refused to give me my money back. The lady working there asked me for a receipt for the purchase of my outfit and when I showed it to her, she replied "Me speak no English" after she was speaking it just fine. Finally the owner came down and told me he would give me $35 back and that he was sorry. Horrible service. They also ruined another dress where the lining hangs out. I am not even sure they take the clothes out to clean them. She uses a steamer and an ironing board. NEVER AGAIN.
2	First, the facts:1.  I've been doing my dry-cleaning with them for years.  Always liked the product. . .but2.  Always on time.  Never rude.  But, there were red flags.I always thought it was odd, during the summer months, there was no air conditioning in the store.  They still use a dot-matrix printer to print receipts on.  The "paid" stamp was always out of red-ink.  The check-in computer monitor is an old PC running a DOS-based program.  The backdoor is always open (summer, winter, etc.)  The red flag:  They're cheap.  They don't spend any money on THEIR end of the product.  They sure don't spend it on make the customer comfortable. . .old technology.  Doesn't cost THAT much to replace. . .laser printer?  new "paid" stamp? Flat-screen COLOR monitor. . .I was still okay with the product.  Until. . .One day, a few weeks ago, a colleague walked by me and said, "Who farted?  Smells like poop in here."I said, "Not me. . ." (I hadn't). . .but I, too, had smelled that same odor off/on for the past year or so.  Couldn't figure it out.  Did I step in poop?  I showered. . .where could it be from.And, then, it hit me.  My dry-cleaning!  They haven't been changing cleaning fluid!  My shirts would often come back with spots...sure they were pressed...but didn't "smell" clean.  They did NOT smell like poop.  But they weren't fresh, either.I re-washed ALL my own clothes.  EVERYTHING 3 times.  Yes...3 times.Today, while wearing the very last pair of pants I had cleaned at SK Cleaners. . .yep, there it was.  Smell of poo.I think all along my shirts, pants, clothes, suits have being cleaned with little if any CLEAN dry-cleaning chemicals. . .and probably with watered-down starch. After 4 years. . .I'm done.  Not going back.  I was SO stupid.  The red flags were there.  They scrimped, saved, and didn't spend any money on themselves or their business. . .why would they spend money to change the dry-cleaning chemicals when they could get...just ONE MORE cycle out of them.Beware.  I was fooled for years.  Now the problem:  I have to find another cleaner.  And, not smell like poo.Oh. . .and one more thing:  I took in one shirt (or two)...the price was less than what their credit-card company would accept without passing on that fee to them.  She asked for cash...after 4 years every time I walk in...it's like they've never seen me before.They're nice.  They're polite.  The hours are good.  The price was okay.  But. . .
4	After a long battle of trying to get my current dry cleaners to have my laundry completed properly.  I found this place and went in to ask questions.  They are very friendly and a mom and pop shop.  The dry cleaning price was more expensive.  The laundry price was comparable to what I was currently paying so I decided I give them a try with just that.  I have been bringing them my laundry for about 6 months now.  They have been doing a good job, and I haven't had any concerns.  The owner mentioned to me the other day she would be able to match my current dry cleaners price.  So, I just may have to move that over also.
1	I was glad to find a dry cleaner close to me (one of their stores is at Queen Creek & Val Vista) after relocating to Arizona a year ago. Helpful, courteous staff made my regular visits pleasant. Being a regular business traveler, it was not unusual to spend almost $100 per month on laundry & dry cleaning. All was well until I noticed a small brown stain on the front of one of my Tommy Bahama shirts after it was cleaned. I am certain it was not there when I turned in the shirt for cleaning. I took the $160 shirt back to the cleaners to report the stain. They readily accepted the shirt back and attempted to remove the stain. When i returned to pick up the shirt, not only was the spot still there, they clearly had put too much cleaner on the spot, creating a quarter-sized white spot around the stain. Now that the shirt was ruined, I requested that they replace the shirt. They would only offer me $50 for tthe $160 3-month old Tommy Bahama shirt. I was floored!I will never return to SK Cleaners again. Be ye forewarned!
5	Clothes came out nicely done and alterations come out great. Got my dress altered here and it seemed like a tough job but she did a great job!! Also needed it in a hurry and after just telling the lady she got it done in a rush for me! If u need alterations and a good dry cleaners. This is a great place!
