5	i really truly respect this place as a legitimate and sanitary body modification place.unlike most places, they don't try to mix tattoos and body piercing in one studio, and i think that adds to a facility's integrity. they won't pierce you if you smell like alcohol or act intoxicated or are underage. i know plenty of people who've had their holes stretched here, gotten everything you can imagine pierced, or done that implant under the skin thing and have never heard a complaint. there are ALWAYS peoples inside, but whether they're customers or teenagers just milling around their shop, i don't know.
4	This place is clean and they didn't hurt me. So I reccomend it.
5	I am a BIG fan of this place.  The establishment is very clean, the employees are very friendly and very helpful.  They don't have the attitude I have received at a lot of other places.  Their jewelry is superior to any other place here in the Valley I have bought from.... I now buy from them exclusively.They also, surprisingly, are more concerned about you, the customer, than about making the sale and have actually talked me out of certain things if I seemed to be not 110% sure about something.  Their customer service is also excellent, which is HUGE for me.  I simply wouldn't go anywhere else.
5	This place is great! I had my navel pierced here about 4 years ago and the staff was very professional and friendly. They autoclave all their instruments, meaning they're 100% sanitary, and they answer any questions you have. They also offer a 24-hour pager service in case you have an emergency. I'd go back, though I don't know what else I would get pierced. :-)
5	I have not been in alooong time to get anything pierced but as soon as I turned 18 I did the belly, then eventually the tongue and then the nose followed. I took atleast 10 friends there to hold there hand's. Oi I would still reccommend them to anyone when you walk in it feels cleaner than a hospital that's no joke. They are super cool and they know their sh*t deff pro's there!
5	I have taken two people here over the last few years, one to get their _____'s pierced and and the other one got her ____ pierced, (twice actually they had to re-do it over because it migrated).Very professional, and very helpful answering questions and walk you through the process of putting a needle through your skin without anesthesia.Yes the staff may be full of holes, stretched out, and tattooed from head to toe they still do a wonderful job so don't be scared.Who knows maybe someday I'll get a piercing for myself.
5	Great guys here (there were only guys when I got a piercing here about 2 years ago).  They definitely know their stuff, and like all other piercings I've ever had, it didn't get infected, so that's always good.The interior seems pretty barren compared to other places I had checked out, but it's crazy clean as are the tools used.Additionally, immediately after the piercing when I got up, I halfway fainted and my piercer sort of caught me and didn't even try to grope (easily done and I probably wouldn't have realized it until hours later), so major props to him.
4	Phenomenally clean and the staff is beyond helpful.  They pierced my tongue a few months ago, it wasn't cheap but I really would not go elsewhere to have big needles driven through my tongue!
5	I really like the fact that this is a straight piercing joint. They don't try to mix tattoo's in like so many other places. The people that work there are very professional (Ok so my grandma would cross the street if one was walking towards her... but don't judge a book by it's cover gramma). The jewelry selection is awesome and they keep books of pictures so you can see what all sorts of freaky deeky piercings look like. I've been pierced and stretched and both were very pleasant experiences.
4	Purely piercing, 100% professional, clean, centrally located.  I obtained a frenum piercing from this place and was wholly satisfied.  It is a bit pricey, but it's the best piercing company in AZ.
5	Please, please, PLEASE do your body good and get your piercing done at HTC.  They are the best in Arizona, I can guarantee you that.  (+ positive, - negative, -/+ neutral).  + Beautiful selection of jewelry.  They have bone, wood, glass...+ They know what they're doing.  I actually had my tragus corrected here because the last guy who did it (tattoo shop, of course) did it wrong.-/+ I have yet to decide what I think of their customer service.  Ninety-nine percent of the time they're very helpful, understanding and polite.  Once, however, I thought one guy was going to have a fit because I took my gauges out.  How was I supposed to know that was unhealthy practice?  Maybe he was just having a bad day...+ Ask them anything.  No question is too dumb, believe me, I've asked plenty of them.
5	I went in here to get my nape pierced. I was incredibly nervous, but the staff was really professional and helpful. They're very straightforward, they know what they're doing, and they don't just want your money. They really care about your body, your piercing, and your health. They only sell internally threaded, high quality jewelry, and the location itself is the cleanest parlor I've ever seen. I happily went home with a new piercing that day.I went back about a year after getting my nape pierced to have them help replace a disk that had fallen out (it's hard to put your own disks back on the back of your neck!) and was again incredibly happy with the service I received.
5	I went to get my right tragus pierced, and they were very nice. The piercer (I think CJ. He has his ears stretched out rather large, and I think stretched nose piercings, too.) was super nice and tolerant of my slightly-nervous perky chatter. He called me "hon" a lot, which, originally being from Texas, I totally dug. I will definitely go back to get my left tragus pierced, and whatever else I feel like getting poked.
5	I heart HTC! I first went on a recommendation from a friend when I was in one of those random "I want a piercing" moods. I was so relieved to find a place that had a variety of jewelry at the counter, was well kept, and had a staff that really knew their stuff. I was extremely pleased with my first piercing and have been back two more times since then. I've never had an issue with any of my piercings and they are glad to help switch jewelry out or fix your nose ring when you have a horrid sneezing accident shortly after having it done. If you are looking for a quality piercing place, you cannot go wrong.
5	What you (might) want/need to know first:HTCs staff is friendly, professional and extremely knowledgeable. Unless you're a jerk you will have a great time getting a hole through your body.HTC is an APP (Association of Professional Piercers) member. One of three shops in the greater Phoenix metro area. Visit - www.safepiercing.org for more infoNow with that said I have had several piercings done at HTC on Ash with nothing but wonderful results. I also have had several friends receive piercings here, same results.Their aftercare cards are well laid out and informative. The aftercare products they sell are highly recommended for smooth and quick healing (Satin, H2Ocean, etc).I do not have a negative thing to say. They are great and I will continue to take friends/family and recommend them to random people.
5	Let me tell you about the best piercing shop in Arizona! I started going to HTC about a year ago to stretch my ears and I will always go back! The piercers are so nice and knowledgeable.  The shop is clean, and their selection of jewlery is amazing! Tons of organic, glass, metal, and rare pieces for any hole you have! If you have not had the pleasure of going to this amazing shop, do yourself a favor and go!
5	This is the ONLY place I will get pierced as well as the only place i recommend to friends. I had a bad experience getting pierced at both Ace's Tattoo shop and Club Tattoo. However, I have had 4 piercings from HTC and never had a problem with them. I had my microdermal anchors put in by Dana. I thought I wanted them on my back, where dimples would be if i had them... Dana told me with my body it would look better having three going up in the small of my back. I did what he said and i am SOOO glad he was honest and really worked with me. It looks amazing and I did not have ANY problems with the healing. I just went back about two months ago and had my septum pierced... again by Dana... and i didnt even feel it. Seriously. Painless!They are so clean and sterile, friendly, and extremely knowledgeable. Go there! Its fun!
5	I've gotten several piercings here and every time they've been great.  This is the only place I would ever get pierced and I recommend it friends all the time.  They have a bunch of jewelry options and I love the sea salt spray that they have.  The staff is very knowledgeable and super nice.  After one of my piercings I went into a pool before I should have.  When I went back because I was having a problem with the piercing they knew exactly what was wrong and how I could treat it.
5	Absolutely wonderful. I wish I could give them 10 stars. They were that good. I am really picky when it comes to piercing shops and I usually stick to my main one but that one is 1,000 miles away so when one of the studs on my nape piercing came out, I decided to come here. Man am I glad I did. I walked in and was greeted right off the bat. The guys that worked there were honest, friendly, personable, and knowledgeable. I don't think I have ever been that comfortable in a shop before, even at the one I frequent regularly. JD was freaking wonderful. I had to take a significant amount of clothes off for the piercings I got and not once did I feel uncomfortable. He was very meticulous with the placement of the piercings so they would be perfect, which they are. And they are AFFORDABLE. The shop I went to back home was a great shop but it was really expensive. I will definitely be returning to this shop, not only to get pierced again, but to hang out with the totally awesome dudes that work there.
5	Still in love with this place and how much care they really have for all of their clients. I hit another, I want a piercing moods and swung in on a lunch break last week, determined to get this piercing I thought would be perfect on me. As usual Jo was absolutely amazing. He brought me back and we discussed what I wanted and when he looked at how my ear was shaped he said that I may want to try something like this (then drawing dots where they would go). He took into consideration my piercing past and said it's subtleness and the petite jewelry would suit me well.And as always, I came out super impressed and ready to show off my piercings. They still look amazing a week later. I'm still in love, and they are perfectly healthy. Job well done. But I'm not surprised.
5	I have 5 piercings and i got them all at HTC. Each time I got a new piercing they took the time to not only answer all of my questions but to show me how to take care of my new piercing instead of just tossing a pamphlet at me like they do at Club Tattoo.I will admit that I am neurotic about symmetry and each time my piercer made sure that my piercings lined up. They even set up a time for me to come back in for a check up on some of my more sensitive piercings to make sure everything was healing correctly. If you want a great piercing experience I would recommend HTC.
5	I had gotten my earlobes pierced in Berkeley, but since I live in AZ now, my piercer from Industrial recommended I go here if I have any problems, need help cleaning or changing out my piercing. When I got back into town, the back of my piercing started to bleed (a lot) and since I've never had any piercings, I didn't know what to do. I drove here yesterday and had them take a look. They were really nice, despite the fact that I didn't have the piercing done there. Andy cleaned up my ears and gave me advice on what to do if it were to happen again.As soon as I left, my ears started to bleed again, so I went back in and they were more than happy to help me (AGAIN) and he got the bleeding to stop and showed me what to do and how to do it so that it wouldn't hurt. They were also really careful and washed their hands and wore gloves. They were suuuuper nice, I was really impressed at how well they treated me!
5	The week before I moved away from Arizona, my roommate and I went here to get piercings (not MATCHING piercings, mind you). I went for a Monroe, she went for the upper ear.This place was super super clean and super helpful. While we were looking through the jewelry, a group of sorority girls came in with some sort of initiation pledge they had to do (like get a guy's sock or something0 and the staff helped good-naturedly...it just stuck with me that they are THAT laid-back and cool.My friend was really freaked about needles and the piercer was very nice and calm with her.  They gave both of us detailed instructions on how to clean and told us to come back with absolutely any problems. I would totally go back should I make my way to Arizona again!
5	So i went in Thursday to get an industrial piercing, and let me tell you that i was terrified but i had to follow through  since i have always wanted one. I went in and everything was nice and clean. It was a very inviting place to walk into; there was a couch to sit on while i waited to talk to the receptionist, not as intimidating as i expected. When it was finally my turn and all the paper work was done, jewelry was picked out i was off to get my piercing. My piercer was JD he was INCREDIBLY sweet, and even though i whined and was a super wimp throughout the painful part of the ordeal he never once got annoyed and was very patient and afterwards asked if i was ok. I never want to get a piercing from anyone else again. That was the best experience i have ever had at a piercing shop and it was even better than most of the tattoo shops Ive gotten work done at. They even have suckers in the reception area (reminded me of the doctors office). They are a little pricey because they don't use cheap jewelry its all surgical grade titanium with internal threading so it doesn't feel like someone is trying to jab a pine-cone through your new piercing (a little less pain is always nice), and for an experience like that its definitely true that you get what you pay for. I'm recommending all my friends at work go to HTC and when my little sister turns 18 i'm taking her in for their special.
5	Based on the reviews here and a couple other places, I decided to hit up HTC for a nose and a tongue piercing. I was pierced by JD. He was super professional, had a great sense of humor and talked me through everything he was doing and all aftercare.He was also patient when I wasn't quite getting where my tongue needed to be when he was doing the tongue markings and piercings. Also, he does "freehand" for the tongue, so no clamps, just FYI. The place was very clean and all equipment was sterile. JD changed his gloves at least 4 times during the process. When a ball for the tongue bar fell, he was sure to go and get a new one. I definitely recommend HTC. Their pricing is on par with most other places, they have a really good jewelry selection and don't do a hard-push up-sell for higher-priced jewelry. Also, as a note to those thinking of going to a shop for stretching piercings, HTC will use glass for stretching, which is great for people with metal allergies.
5	I went in to HTC today to get my nostril pierced by Kat because she had done a great job with my girlfriend's piercings in the past and she's super knowledgable and always friendly. After I had gotten the piercing done I went home and decided that I had misjudged the placement. I was initially a little nervous to go back to see what my options were and if she could fix it for me. She was way more than happy to help me out and that made me feel a lot better because I didn't want to feel embarassed  for going back. Kat is the best and she will help you out with anything you need, even if it is twice in a day :] Thanks Kat! I will definately be referring all my clients to you!Htc is super clean! HIGHEST quality Jewelry around! Friendly & very knowledgeable staff! I wont go anywhere else!Mat the counter dude, is one of the funniest & raddest people I've ever met!
5	Best body piercing shop I have EVER been to.  It was a little busy when I walked in but the guy at the counter, Chris,  greeted me right away and asked what I wanted to get done. I told him and he got all the paperwork started and showed me which jewelry I could choose from for each piercing (nostril and helix). Once I picked them out I still had to wait a little while but he kept a conversation going with everyone so that we were occupied.The piercer I got was Dana and he was awesome. He's really funny and down to earth which took away any nervousness I had. He showed me a couple different options as far as placement for each of the piercings and didn't waste any time getting to it which I like. He was very quick actually doing the piercings and kept me talking the whole time so that I wasn't thinking about the fact that he was sticking needles into me.  After both piercings were done he made sure I was actually okay and wasn't just saying that to try and look tough.He walked me out to pay and made sure I understood the care instructions and to feel free to stop by or call if I had any questions.  Chris emphasized that again while he was taking my payment and gave me Dana's card with their contact information and also the sizing of the jewelry I got. I left trying to think of what else I want to get pierced just because I had such a great experience there. I will definately be going back soon!
5	Very professional and clean. Marilyn and Andy are super cool and even if you have a dumb question, they don't look at you with that duh look on their face. I have been here so many untold times but every time I go, I feel like I'm at home because everyone is so laid back but not lazy and stupid laid back. My partner had misjudged his piercing placement and when we went back we were prepared and knew that we were going to pay for another piercing (duh, they ask you if it looks good) but Andy ended up not charging us.You definitely don't want to go cheap with your body, so leave those other discount, 2 for 1 body piercing places and go to HTC to get it done right.
5	Only place I'll ever get pierced. Got my septum done by Dana awhile back. The place is completely clean, reasonably priced, and just great overall. Dana was funny and made me feel completely comfortable. I love HTC!
5	very laid back, very clean. This was my first piercing since I was a little kid. I had my tongue piercing it was very professional and they answered all of my questions. I went to this place specifically because of the good ratings they had online. My friend also had a tragus piercing here that went seamlessly also. I felt very safe and comfortable.
5	Clean, quick, and easy.This place is awesome. Don't go anywhere else! The staff was really cool. Great customer service. I definitely recommend this place!
5	I had my helix pierced here in '08 by Dana. He was awesome and made sure to keep the needle out of my sight when I said I was terrified of them. I'd recommend HTC (and Dana!) for anyone looking to get pierced.
5	Professional body piercing. That is an important phrase people. Body piercers who are first aid certified, cpr trained and could essentially work in a doctors office. Because these people are putting things under your skin, its important that they know what they are doing!The staff at HTC knows what they are doing. It is one of the most comfortable shops to get piercings done I have ever been. They have awesome jewelry and an awesome ability to explain what goes into a piercing and how the body will react to the damage being done. They do not do tattoos, or use piercing guns, or sell t-shirts, bongs, or any of a hundred other things that I have seen in other grimy piercing places. This place rocks!
5	I LOVE MY NOSE RING! And HTC is the absolute best!!!They take walk-ins, are really friendly and professional, and do GREAT work!
5	HTC is the only place I would trust with any piercing more complicated than a lobe piercing. I've gotten 3 cartilage piercings done there, two of which needed to be replaced with a longer barbell a month in due to swelling (Unfortunately my cartilage is prone to swelling. It wasn't any fault of the piercing job). The staff at HTC took care of them for me without charge. Both the piercers and the front desk staff were extremely helpful and patient, even when I call them only hours after leaving the store with a silly paranoid question.The whole process is done very professionally in a clean environment. They make sure you're well informed before they pierce you and always make sure you're okay after it's done. :)
4	This is not a literal four-star rating (well, technically it is...) Think of it more like a 4.75 The ONLY reason why I have to dock that .25 is because of the selection. Don't get me wrong.... this place is a small boutique with very very beautiful body jewelry. But if you're looking for something not-so-super-duper-special you may have to go on-line or to a larger store. Now, I must say that HTC, Tempe is the most hygienic and sterile store I have ever seen without losing its personality. This is a funky little boutique with about four piercers. Every single one of them are down to earth and personable.... which is vastly different than other parlors in town, or may I say ahem... 'clubs' in town??? The piercers are fun and understanding.. let me tell you, I was a big baby during one specific stretch to my ears and Dana just laughed... let me pace around for a second... and then just kept on going. Half the time they'll give you discounts just for the heck of it. So, I said that this place doesn't have a large selection.. which is true to an extent. What they do specialize in is handmade, mostly one of a kind pieces. There is a designer they have that makes gauges from the inside of a watch or clock. Each one is so neat to see. They also have their own person who makes wooden pieces. They have some seriously amazing pieces and some seriously awesome people.
1	Me: Hey can you help me with a piercing I got here a month ago? It seems to be irritated. Maybe the ring needs to be changed.Piercer: You should stop picking it..Me: I'm not picking itPiercer: Just keep using the salt soaksMe: I have been for a month and it's not working.Piercer: Just keep doing it and come back once it's not so irritated.I will be the bad guy here and say that in my TEN years of piercings I have never had an experience like this. My friend and I went for the Valentines Day special which was two for one piercings. Everything went well, the place was clean. About a week after the piercings my friend said that hers was becoming really irritated so she changed the ring out and it healed fine. Mine was really irritated and a bubble formed on the side of my nose around the piercing. After a month I went back for help because I had been using the salt soaks everyday and not picking it ( because I'm not 12). Nothing was helping. So in typical hipster fashion the piercer seemed to be placing the blame on me and offered no alternatives to help my situation. He must have thought I was younger and didn't know what I was talking about. I had it pierced in Feb and finally took it out a couple of weeks ago and it healed nicely after I googled what to do and found Lot's of different remedies. I just couldn't believe I paid $80 for this piercing. Next time I get a piercing I will go to Club Tattoo. Corporate chain but at least I get treated like a human being.
5	HTC is in my opinion, a wonderful place. During that stretch of time when my friends and I were all turning 18, we were frequenting this place quite a bit. Everyone that works here has been so friendly and so professional to all of us.I've had my tragus, belly button, and nose all pierced here. Additionally, I had my ears stretched. I've had three different "piercers" if you will, and they have all been so professional, helpful, and accommodating. Any questions that I've ever had with my piercings, I've never hesitated to ask. I think it says a lot about the company that I feel so comfortable in a place that causes so much physical pain! Obviously, I choose to have this physical pain inflicted on myself, and the people that work here ease this pain as much as they possibly can, which is why I feel so comfortable!I highly recommend HTC to anyone wanting to get a body piercing. I haven't gone anywhere else to get pierced, buy body jewelry, or ask questions ever since I stepped foot into this place.
5	HTC is the cleanest, quickest, coolest piercing place I've been in a while! Matt greeted us right away and got me set up with Andy, who is probably the most efficient piercer I've ever dealt with! He quickly walked me through all the steps, and next thing I knew I had a perfectly placed nose ring! He made it so easy and uncomplicated that you don't even have time to feel nervous! HTC also has an AWESOME selection of jewelry, especially gauges, and they are priced pretty moderately, and is top quality!Go here. Don't think. Just do it. Now.
5	I went here the second time that I got my nose pierced. They were very informative. I didn't know that they suggest having them change the ring instead of fighting to put a new one in. After having my rings a month I lost it. I went in and they gave me the discounted jewelry price and put the ring back in . No problem. I started getting a little bump and was told that I needed to soak it in warm salt water more often. he was right. the bump is gone....it took a month, but its gone.I highly recommend HTC!
5	I have absolutely no complaints about this place. I can't wait to go back. I went in and the artists were so welcoming and genuinely friendly. The place smells nice and is very clean. I had my nose pierced by JD who is a fellow vegan which was a bonus. He perfectly positioned the ring and the piercing was quick and I barely felt a thing. It looks awesome, I feel like it's been here for months! I am super satisfied and stoked to go back!
5	I had other piercings done here and then went out of state and got my nose pierced with a friend and when i got back I was having problems with it. I went in and talked to them and they changed out the stud for me gave me a discount on the jewelry and were really fun, friendly, professional and very informative. This place is top notch. Won't go to another place for my piercings again! No way! It is very clean, and these guys know their stuff! Really impressed...I could go on and on! I won't get my jewelry anywhere else either...they have a a great variety and if they don't have something you want they order it, easy peasy. Love it!
4	I have been pierced in very unusual places here.I guess I trust them.Nothing has fallen off yet.
5	I've only ever had my ears gunned at Claire's, so I can't compare HTC to any other piercing place, but I can say I was really happy with my experience.After reading reviews on Yelp all day at work, I decided that I was going to drive like a maniac over to HTC as soon as I clocked out to get my piercing done and over with. I walked in 15 minutes before closing, shivering with excitement/fear/adrenaline/cold. There was only a single piercer (Peck) and the counter guy there and they were really nice and professional even though they probably wanted to go home. It was really clean and Peck talked me through everything- he freehanded the piercing and it was over before I knew it! I spent more time filling out the paperwork than getting pierced. Went home with a salt-water mouthwash and adrenaline high, piercing healed perfectly.I haven't bought any jewelry from them besides the surgical-grade titanium that they put in initially, so I can't say anything on those besides they're all really pretty. I'm planning on going back for all future piercings, that's for sure.
5	Just got my first piercing in eight years and the staff made me feel completely at ease even though I'm normally very anxious. A clean environment - my piercer changed her gloves about five or more times. I was given a thorough explanation of how to take care of my cartilage piercing, what to do if it gets infected, and they offer free consultations any time you may have a problem. My piercer was Kat and I'm very grateful that she was personable and completely understanding of my questions. I wouldn't say it's pricey, it only ended up 33 bucks after using the coupon on their website. I'm going back to get the rest of my piercings so I would suggest this place to anyone, plus it hardly hurt.
5	Wow, what an amazing place! I decided to get my piercing here after reading the amazing yelp reviews. After today, I had to add another great review. I'm the kind of person that decides to do things like piercings kind of on a whim. That's how I was with my belly button piercing, I did that on a vacation in Hawaii. However, I get really freaked out by needles and the idea of piercings though, so I always freak myself out big time. I finally just made myself go in and I asked JD and the lady behind the counter all the questions I had regarding getting a nostril piercing. I went in earlier today. They answered everything and didn't make me feel like an idiot. JD made me feel so comfortable and honestly it was the most effortless piercing ever. It was so fast and it didn't even hurt! Everyone was very knowledgeable and I honestly thought the pricing was very fair. The place is incredibly clean, has great high quality jewelry, amazing staff, experienced piercers, just a great place. I love it!I'm definitely going back for any future piercings, and definitely for jewelry. I highly recommend JD, he's great at what he does and will make you feel super comfortable if you're nervous. But everyone sounds experienced there as well. I absolutely love this place! Thank you so much for a great piercing!
5	This is definitely the best place to get pierced in all of AZ. The staff is very knowledgeable and friendly. They give you all of the information you need to make an informed decision and are also helpful if something goes wrong with your piercing. Kat in particular has been extremely helpful to me but no matter who you see you will be in good hands.
5	I went in to HTC the day after Christmas, having read some great reviews. It definitely lived up to their reputation. There was a 1.5-2 hour wait, which to me is an indication of just how good they are. Paperwork was completed quickly and it actually took less time than they estimated to get in. Kevin was my piercer and he was really good at making me feel comfortable. He changed his gloves a few times during the process. They really have a focus on keeping things as clean and sanitary as possible. He gave me detailed aftercare instructions and told me to come back any time with questions. Really a great overall experience!
5	I was so nervous and excited to get my nose pierced, I've been putting it off for over ten years because I thought it would be painful. I didn't feel a thing! I plan on going back to HTC for further piercings, they are all very laid back, awesome and answering all questions.
5	I am big on piercings and I am equally as big on cleanliness, professionalism and reputaion.  I am from Philadelphia and in all my years of getting pierced I have always gone to ONE piercer.  When I moved to Arizona I decided to only get pierced when I went home to visit because I knew and trusted my piercer.  My girlfriend suggested HTC to me because she knew how picky I am about who does my body art and she said that they were really clean.  My first visit there was for my daughter's 16th birtday. I allowed her to get a belly button piercing. I have to say that I was impressed with the clean space, the professional staff and the way that the piercers carried themselves.  I liked the prices and the fact that they didn't try to charge you for every little thing,  My daughter got pierced and is happily healed with no complications. I went back yesterday to get my lip pierced (times 2) and my piercer was Kevin. I was pleasantly surprised to learn that not only had Kevin lived in Philadelphia but that he also knew my piercer from Philly personally and they had worked together.  How ironic is that? When I say this place is clean...whew. When you come in you see a sign that says that you can't even change your OWN piercings in the shop. They would do it for free.  I went to get pierced and Kevin changed his gloves at LEAST 4 times: 1, to prep the station, 2 to mark my piercings up, 3, to open the sterile tools and the 4th was to pierce. I LOVED IT. He spent time just talking (I think it's to relax you) and he was sooo funny.  He kept singing responses to questions and conversation I mean he was the best and I was completely relaxed.  I didn't once have to think about if they were clean and sanitary. I am really impressed.  Needless to say I now have Kevin and HTC in my phone as my piercer. If you want a clean, professional, personable place to get your body art I suggest you make it to HTC TEMPE and see Kevin.
5	I had vertical nipple piercings done by Andy and it was painfull, yes., but only while it was being done. Aftercare was easy and pain free. Andy made sure that I was comfortable and it felt safe in the room. Very professional and clean.Atmosphere, welcoming. I did not have an appointment and they were accommodating and very warm.
5	I went here yesterday to take advantage of the 3 free piercings on your 18th birthday special. It is a really clean, nice place and all of the staff (both piercer and front desk) are very helpful and friendly.  I got my cartilage and forward helix pierced and had no problems whatsoever with the experience.  They are true to their word and you only pay for the jewelry which can be as little as $12 for a captive hoop! I am very happy with the results and if I decide to get anything else pierced, I will definitely be returning.  My piercer was JD and they even give you free sea salt for the sea salt soaks!
5	I got 2 piercings on my sternum--PERFECT!! Andy was who did my piercing, which i was totally nervous about, but he was calm and very friendly, which calmed me right down.  He was very clean, no reused marker here!!!!  their jewelry is very pretty.  I can't wait to go back for more.
3	This shop uses clean and safe methods for piercing. They are very knowledgable and are the best place to go for a piercing, but that being said, you are definitely going to spend a little bit of money. That is how it should be for permanent mods like a piercing, go to the best person in town and don't expect it to be cheap. Cheap= infections and bad work. One thing the HTC staff could work on is their attitudes. Some employees are nicer than others, but don't scare off the customer who was unsure about entering your shop in the first place. Be a little more customer oriented and friendly. Thank you.
5	Went in to HTC - Tempe abouta a month ago with my roommate, and since they had a promotion for $10 piercings, we decided (on a whim) to get piercings.  I had my top ear pierced, and she had her belly-button done.Honestly, I was really scared, but once we went in to get our piercings done, the staff was super friendly and explained everything there was to know about the quality of earrings and other materials they used.  To sum all the info they gave us, they use top quality metal for all their piercings.Once we went in with the piercer, I was fearing for my life, but he was super friendly, explained everything and he got to know us.  He stuck a needle through my ear, and I had a totally painless and pleasant experience that I really wanted to get another piercing.  Definitely a great place, and a chill atmosphere, not to mention their staff is knowledgeable :D
5	I went in with a few girlfriends over the weekend as each of us were looking to get a piercing. HTC is very clean, super friendly and professional staff making all of us very comfortable. JD did all of our piercings and what a great job he did! Very helpful every step of the way. What I loved also is how they recommend a time to come back to check on the healing of all of our piercings. I've never had that before with other places I have been too. Will certainly be back and recommend HTC to anyone looking for any kind of piercings/stretching, etc...
5	JD did my VCH piercing today and I was SO nervous and he was very understanding & helped me calm down.he did a great job doing my piercing!! Very clean place and very friendly staff.  :)
5	So I did a ton of research on getting my kids' ears pierced in Arizona - in both the Flagstaff and Phoenix areas... and ended up at HTC. We live in Cave Creek and made the drive to HTC in Tempe, because getting my kids pierced with a gun by some high school kid at the mall was unacceptable. I called HTC and they advised that piercing age was based on the individual piercer, but it seems like age 8 or so is about the right time for the kids to be able to manage aftercare for ear piercings based on the feedback from various piercers there. We did not book an appointment, and made the chance drive to Tempe for my daughter's 9th birthday, and ended getting her ears pierced by Kevin. My daughter is VERY particular, and very conscientious about taking care of things. She (and I) really appreciated the extra time and care that Kevin took to ensure that her questions were answered,  her ear piercings perfectly aligned & placed, and done in the most professional and sterile environment possible. When other reviewers talk about glove changing, they aren't kidding! This place is WAY more sterile and clinical than your average family doctor's office.Although my 6 year old wasn't able to get her ears pierced for this birthday, she will be anxiously awaiting her return trip to HTC for her big day too! Kevin made it super special for my 9 year old. The best combination of professionalism + aptitude + clinical environment. NO PIERCING GUNS! We will refer everyone we know to HTC. Thank you HTC & Kevin!!
5	A friend and I went to have a couple of ear piercings done last week.  Kevin was our piercer.  We had an incredible experience, from the time we walked in until the time that we walked out!  The guys at the front counter were friendly and totally approachable, and Kevin was amazing!  The aftercare instructions were precise and totally understandable.  I will definitely be back for any future piercings!
5	Outstanding service. 10yr old daughter got ears pierced for her birthday.
3	Got my first piercing here...they did an ok job.  Not a huge fan of this location so much because I found HTC over on 7th Ave and I think they are more gentle.  Staff here can be a bit snooty if you're not edgy enough for them!!  (What do I expect, right?  It's next to the college!)  But they're alright.  And their jewelry selection is good.  I'd just rather go to HTC Uptown where I feel a little less out of place!!!
2	I came here because I had gotten my eyebrow pierced in 1992 at the shop in phx by the original owner. So much for being unique and different, just kind of retro. They were so professional then I automatically thought of them when one of the holes in my ear closed after 30 years. When he told me he could just push something through and save me about 25 bux I thought. Well I guess I could that on my own but hey he's a pro and probably less chance of infection. But when the bill came for $78 I almost lost my teeth. Holy shinola, remind me to buy a pair if gloves and dip a straight pin in alcohol.
5	JD did my rook piercing and he was super nice throughout. This wasn't my first piercing but it has been a few years. He was helpful and made me feel relaxed and comfortable. If I get anything else done in the future I'd definitely go there again!
5	I had my cartilage pierced a few months ago at a different place and needed to change out my earring. Based off of a recommendation and all the Yelp reviews I decided to go check this place out. I needed them to take the earring out since I couldn't get it off and the guy who did it was really nice!  This place is CLEAN!  They wear gloves (as well they should) and changed them out if they had to touch something else. He put my new earring in and explained how to clean it and advised for me to leave this one in a bit longer before I put other earrings in. I highly recommend this place!!  My only tip would be if you're going to go here on the weekend, be sure you go during the day. It's difficult to find parking at night is since its right by ASU.
5	Amazing shop! Best experience I have ever had at a piercing or tattoo shop. My piercer was Kevin and I get really nervous around needles, but he put me at ease and involved my friends who had come in with me in conversation and let them all come back with me. I got my tragus pierced five months ago here and it has healed wonderfully thanks to Kevin's instructions. I live in Southern California, but if I ever want another piercing I will try coming back here first. Kevin was also able to recommend a shop in my local area they trust for a jewelry change as well.
5	I walked in yesterday with no appointment to get my ears re-pierced. They had been closed up for years (or so I thought).  The service was friendly right from the get-go and the piercer (unfortunately I can't remember his name) had me come back and right away said "You don't need them pierced, I just need to re-open them for you. It's no charge". And 5 minutes later I had new earrings in and was on my way. Clean, friendly, efficient place. Highly recommended.
5	The staff knows what they are talking about, they take the time to explain everything they are doing.  My wife loves her nose stud and will be back in the future.
5	On Sunday, I took my 16 year old daughter for her first lip piercing. I also wanted to repierce my upper/outer ear cartilege as my old piercing had closed up. As an RN, I am very cautious about aseptic technique and was immediately impressed by the cleanliness of the entire shop. HTC in Tempe is well lit and CLEAN. Kat was our piercing artist and she was incredibly knowlegeable and proficient. Even though my daughter and I both have high pain tolerances, we were expecting a moderate amount of pain. In the past our piercings were with the 'gun' and those were painful. Kat was talking my daughter through her procedure as I snapped photos (hey, I am a momma!) I was watching my daughter's face for any evidence that this was too much for her. She did not even grimace or furrow her brow. I was duly impressed! Kat thoroughly cleaned the table/tray area before starting my piercing. As Kat was preparing my ear, my daughter commented that she was light headed and nauseated. Kat calmly told her that this sometimes happens and had her lay down. They gave her some apple juice and a nice ice pack for her neck. In a very short amount of time she was all better. Now, it was my turn... I laid down on the table and Kat prepared me for the piercing. She told me to take a deep breath and blow it out... but, I seriously did NOT feel a thing!! I was incredulous... how on earth could a cartilege piercing not hurt at all? I have already planned out my next 4 piercings and Kat will be my girl!! It has been 2 days now and our piercings are doing very well and very minimal swelling to my daughter's lip. Phenemonal after care teaching ensures that your piercings will be able to heal without infection or pain. I will be in again and again for Kat;s piercings!
5	My mom and I went to HTC on April fools to get our noses pierced together.  I wish I remembered the name of the guy at the counter (I think it was Mat) - he was super nice and a great person to chat with before and after.   Andy was our piercer - he was great.  Quick, painless and informational.   I LOVE the fact they encourage and suggest natural methods of healing for piercings (and for life in general).  I live a chemical free lifestyle inside and out so the salt water soak is fantastic! It's been a few days since the piercing and it looks/feels great.  Next time I visit my mom I'll stop by for something else.
4	I got my ears pierced here. Pretty wild I know, considering the vast multitude of body areas that are just waiting to be pierced. All of the sudden the monroe looked kinda cool to me. But I will just stick to the ears, which consequently were pierced several times before at crappy mall stores by inexperienced, shaky handed teenagers and once in a shady jewelry store by a Greek guy. All of which were done poorly and resulted in crooked and infection prone piercings. So I let my subpar ear holes do their healing thing and then went to Halo where they showed me proper cleaning techniques (leave the piercing in and mist with salt water). Everyone was friendly and professional and yes it was clean. You are going to pay a bit more which is just fine by me because I'd like it done right the first time. I'll return if I ever get a wild hair to pierce any further body parts.
2	Went here exactly one year ago and got my 16 yr old daughters nose pierced. Today we went there because her nose stud came out 24 hours ago and there is no way to put them back in yourself because they make their own jewelry and it needs to be put in from the inside. The piercer tried to push through her nose with a blunt piece of niobium. Blood everywhere then he told her to lay back  and blood started flowing into her eye. So i grabbed kleenex cause he didnt stop it. He then says it was closed and would need to be repierced at a later date because now it was swollen. I went home and cleaned it up with some hibiclens. There was a whole new parcial hole next to her original piercing. just went and bought a stainless nose ring and tahdah went right through. I am a better piercer. Now to let the other hole heal.
5	dude... HTC.... cant go wrong my fiend. my lady got her nip pierced here, on me. she didnt really want it, but its something i need her to have. you understand. anyways the smooth guys at HTC talked my girlfriend into getting not one but two nipple piercings! shes not going anywhere now. shes all mine.
5	I love HTC.  I've been a client for nearly a decade and I've never been disappointed.  I started with my inner conchs for my 18th birthday and just kept coming back.  A septum, two vertical lip rings, both nostrils, both rooks, and several ear stretchings later and I'm still a fan.Each piercer and staff member I've interacted with over the years has been professional, knowledgeable, and kind.  The facility has always been spotless and the employees practice exemplary hygiene.  The aftercare information that they provide is really thorough and it works.  I've never had an infection, scarring, or any mishaps with any of my piercings (I realize that is mostly due to my actions, but it started with good advice from the folks at HTC).  All said, I have recommended HTC Tempe to many friends over the years, and I will continue to do so for the foreseeable future.
5	The employees here are really friendly and knowledgable. The facility is also very clean, which is a big plus if you've been to a couple of piercing places.
5	I have had three piercings done so far from HTC. They have all been good experiences. Very clean shop and friendly people! They also have a nice variety of jewelry. I will definitely come back! :)
5	Great experience. Matt and Kevin were super sweetand made everything stress free and easy. Very easy going guys. Kevin made the piercing session go quickly and walked me through what he was doing.
5	I got my nose and helix pierced back in Feb. Ricky did both. He was very professional and did a great job on both. Neither one took long at all. I liked the place, it was very clean. I would certainly go back again.
5	I took my 13 year old daughter to HTC to have a tragus piercing about 4 months ago. I love this place!!! Yes, I was a little scared to let her get the piercing since she had had a cartilage piercing on the top of her ear that we eventually had to take out because it was so swollen and gross. But all of the staff were extremely knowledgeable and made it a point to let my daughter know SHE was responsible for the aftercare. They gave her detailed explanations every step of the way during the piercing and detailed instructions for aftercare. A few weeks ago we needed the front of the earring replaced so it would not be visible for volleyball. We went in and they checked it out...scolded her a little cause they could tell she wasn't still soaking it and told us to come back in a week or two when there was no swelling. Again they went over proper care!! I really appreciate the attitude that if the kid is old enough to get the piercing they need to be kept accountable for the proper care. I HIGHLY recommend HTC!!!
5	So far, I've only been in to HTC to get a new Monroe bar and have them help me switch it out, but I will definitely be back for future piercings! Kat is the one who helped me out and I would likely request her to do any other piercings. She was very personable and skilled at what she does. She was even able to tell what size curved barbell I would need for me navel by taking a quick look! I also LOVE the jewelry selection in the shop and will be purchasing all of my jewelry there from now on. Yes, it's pricier than what you would get at the mall, but the jewelry is high quality and internally threaded. I wouldn't go with anything else. The only thing that I would note is that I did have about a 45 minute wait (and when I called the girl actually said that they had been about two hours out all day), but that wasn't really a big deal because there is plenty to do in the area to kill time.  It's not even really a complaint, just advice to call in advance and see what their wait time is so you can plan ahead. To me, a wait time just shows what a good and reputable shop they are. Definitely worth waiting for.
5	I highly recommend this place. I had gone to a different piercing shop in Chandler and they pierced a labret stud way too small for my lip size. My lip started bleeding and bruising severely. The shop in Chandler was of no help nor did they seem to care about my situation. They suggested I just take the piercing out on my own and that "probably my body was rejecting it." I was puzzled and decided to get a second opinion. I went to HTC. They took control the situation and replaced the stud that was of insufficient length. I can't thank HTC enough for all their help! They took control and assured me I will be okay. Kudos to the two guys who work there- I don't remember their names. For my unfortunate situation, they gave me a discount on the piercing they had to correct. I recommend anyone to see them for all your piercing needs. They are awesome!
5	Jacob pierced my septum tonight and I'm totally stoked. I'm a wimp about needles, but he made the process quick and totally painless! I will definitely be back to be pierced by him, and will recommend him to all of my friends and family. This place is walk in only, so get there at a minimum of 30 minutes before close. HTC is clean,  affordable and totally legit.
5	I will definitely be visiting this place again! Such a great experience with great staff members. Today i accidentally scraped one of my back dermal piercings out. I went in and explained the situation to a guy with tattoos. He took me in and re-pierced it. I was really nervous but he calmed the situation down and made me feel at ease. When he was done he gave me some anti-bacterial sea-salt and said i was good to go and it was on him. His kindness and generosity made my day. I  would definitely refer any one who needs a piercing to go to HTC!
5	This is the first time I've ever reviewed anything but I felt the service I received warranted a review. All of the staff were  more than helpful and the shop was as clean or cleaner than any shop I've been to before (this is my 11th piercing not including ears). I got a lorum done by Kevin and it was the easiest piercing I've had, and he was extremely professional and made sure I was comfortable the entire time. Highly recommended. And don't let the reviews of people saying it's to expensive deter you to at least go in and get a quote. The piercing itself was $35 and the jewelry was $20, I left an additional tip but of course it's not required.
5	I had an earring stuck in my helix piercing and needed it removed for school. Both employees I spoke/worked with were extremely friendly. I walked in without an appointment after calling to see if they could help, and I didn't have to wait long. I was super impressed by how clean the entire place was. Although I had nothing pierced, if I ever decide to pierce anything again I would for sure come here.
5	My favorite!
5	Great customer service. Have only gone in to buy jewelry but they were super friendly and helpful when I needed to go back to get it put in. And even though a slight misunderstanding when I first purchased the jewelry ended up with me getting another size, they were so nice and understanding and didn't charge for the new jewelry. Highly recommend.
5	Went in after seeing all the amazing reviews and I LOVED IT!! Had amazing service from both the guy behind the counter ( I want to say Matt??) as well as from my piercer Kevin. They walked me through everything and helped me get my two helix piercing with trouble and VERY little pain. I highly recommend this to first timers as well as every who has ever gotten a piercing! Can't wait to go back for more!!:)
5	Great place. Being a health professional, my first concern is always appropriate training, certification, and infection control standards!I was greeted by Kat the first time I entered and immediately given a full tour which included their sterilization protocol, all with impressive depth and understanding of sterilization asepsis!Down right cool lady to boot!Many trips later, I am still impressed by their knowledge, professionalism, treatment, and care!I would highly recommend HTC Tempe, and in particular Kat for any and all piercings you have in mind!
4	Long story short: me and my friend went to a local tattoo shop the other day to get her tongue pierced. But the piercer told us that he couldn't do it because of the veins in her tongue. So I suggested we check out HTC since I've read on yelp that they're the piercing experts. And they certainly are! The piercer (I forget his name) was able to pierce her tongue for her with no problems at all. He was super quick and efficient, although we both thought he was kinda rude.. The guy working at the front desk was super nice though! Aside from that, the only other minor complaint I have is the price; but then again you definitely get what you pay for when you come here; you know you're going to the experts! This place was so busy for a Tuesday. I really couldn't believe how many people still get piercings haha If i ever want to get something pierced I'll definitely be coming back here.
4	My sister had her tragus pierced here. I think you have to park in the lot on University, and then walk to the shop. We were a walk-in and did not have an appointment, so the wait was a little long - but there is a couch to sit. They had 2 piercers there. I don't remember the guys name, but he was funny and made the experience enjoyable. He was quick and did a good job - I've seen some piercers struggle with getting the jewelry in. I think the jewelry was a little over priced, you can probably find cheaper on reputable websites, so I would say don't go all out on jewelry when you come here - just get something simple and then replace after it has healed to save some money.
5	10/10 would return. Extremely sterile equipment, I'm sure Travis used 3-4 sets of new loves for my piercing. the staff is very friendly and they have all the aftercare you need. if you are at all nervous before getting pierced, they are all very understanding and work to help you be calm and make it less frightening. it is little on the pricier side, but these guys truly are experts and you get exactly what you paid for. I would recommend them to anyone who wants any specialty piercing done!
5	The piercer Kat was awesome and Effie aka stef at the front rocked and recommended some good tattoo places! Great people really quick service and great everything and affordable!
5	AMAZING!!! If your looking to get a piercing go here holy shit I love this place I drove 30 miles just to go here and would make the trip again because there so good!!!!
5	I went into HTC after considering a piercing a for about 6 months. Being a woman, I requested a female for the work I wanted to get done. Matt at the front desk refereed me to Kevin. I was a little nervous talking to and showing a male the area in which I wanted to be pierced, but he was GREAT. Kevin made me feel comfortable, and informed me he had 19 years experience. Piercing was almost painless for me, I was instantly so happy with the way it looked. It has now been three days since my piercing. I haven't had any issues and it seems to be healing very well! The placement and ring size is perfect. I would recommend HTC to anyone looking to get a piercing done. They are knowledgeable, clean, professional and FRIENDLY!!
5	Wound up at HTC Body Piercing because my son wanted a piercing, we walked in and were greeted right away. My son explained what he wanted and where; they talked options on the style of the stud after some signing of paper work he then was greeted by Cat. Cat is pretty darn awesome, she knows what she is talking about and easy to talk with, she gave my son the low down on the after care of the piercing and some other helpful information too. I have to say HTC knows there stuff, everyone in the shop was super friendly and helpful, my son is happy with what he got too and that's the important part. If looking for a place to get pierced, this is the spot to go to!
5	I got an industrial piercing at another piercing spot and the girl put it in incredibly wrong. I went to HTC to ask them if there was any way I could save it and unfortunately there wasn't. They removed it for me and were so nice and helpful that I decided to go back to them to pierce my other ear. They did such an awesome job! They are so professional and helpful, I recommend them to everybody.
5	I just returned to HTC a few days ago for some new additions to my ears and had another great experience.  The waiting and display area is very clean and has tons of beautiful jewelry to choose from, including a case of gorgeous hand crafted jewelry.  I've developed a serious infatuation with several of the pieces already, and will definitely be making some future purchases.I decided on my left rook and a double helix, Mat helped me pick out the appropriate jewelry and was very helpful and personable.  He went over the paperwork with me, collected my ID, and verified my information quickly and professionally.  Kevin did the piercings and he was awesome!  He is so funny and friendly that it was impossible to be nervous, plus he did a great job.  I love the placement and it was quick and painless (well as painless as three piercings can be).  They sent me off with aftercare instructions, sea salt, recommendations for a gentle soap and a quick chat about some favorite authors.  I'll definitely be back in 8 weeks to have my other ear done, and I'll definitely continue to recommend them to others.
5	If you are looking to get a piercing, and want a clean place with great staff, pop on in here and get it done! They were really busy the weekend we went in due to a sale that they were having, but the staff maintained everything flawlessly and kept the line orderly and moving. We got there early and waited outside in the third spot in the line. Once they opened up the shop and got the line inside, we were in and out withing 25 minutes. I got to the front counter, filled out my paperwork, handed over my ID and was whisked back by Jacob. He went through every detail of how the piercing would go and what to expect. The spots were lined up and marked, and I was given a chance to check it out before everything was finalized. Once everything was done, I was given a chance to take a look and Jacob then carefully cleaned me up and bandaged it all up.  After care instructions were carefully given and paperwork was also handed over to re-state everything in case you forget any details later. During check out we were asked how everything went and despite all the chaos from the line and the sale - we felt like we were given individualized attention and that our needs were cared for, which is all you could ask!Overall: A+Clean, friendly staff, and great aftercare advice!
5	The price is actually reasonable. Took 25 minutes becuase there was a line but I was out in like 5 minutes tops. Staff is super friendly and helpful in every way.  I will be going back for future piercings. Everything is clean as well to. And very organzied. I know thats what people look for in a place like this. Very happy customer here :)
5	There is simply no other place to get pierced in the valley. I have been here multiple times to get pierced, jewelry adjusted, and for custom jewelry orders, and I'm always impressed with the customer service.  The piercings themselves seem to hurt less when executed by someone who knows what they are doing (duh) and clearly these people do.  Recently had two guests in town on separate occasions, and both requested to get something pierced.  We went to HTC and both were very impressed with the knowledge and treatment they received. I have dealt with JD on multiple occasions and he is always pleasant to deal with. The staff at the jewelry counter has always been a combination of friendly/helpful that you might not expect when you think piercing place. HTC caters to every type of customer, I have never been in the shop when there isn't a wait (short, but understandable--don't rush the piercer!!). I have said it before, and will say it again, HTC does not need to advertise, if you know piercing, you know HTC, period.
5	Love HTC. Matt at the counter is top notch. If you have jewelry questions or want custom jewelry made, he's your guy! The whole staff is friendly & professional.
5	Get your piercings here. Don't bother going any where else. They a clean, professional and prices are comparable. They also have a large jewelry selection.
5	HTC always has expert advice, they have fixed one of my jacked up piercings from another shop... I can always count on them. A little expensive but SOOOOOO WORTH IT. And I absolutely love all the staff. Especially Jacob and Mathew.
5	Fantastic. I would definitely recommend. They were very informative and answered all of my questions in detail. I felt very comfortable that they knew what they were doing. Kat explained the entire process as the piercing went along and she thoroughly explained the aftercare of my piercing. The piercing itself (nostril) was seriously painless. This is the second time I have had this piercing done and wow what a big difference. Kat rocks! Thank you!!
5	I was very impressed with the cleanliness and quality of care of this place. The staff was friendly, knowledgeable and was very helpful with my questions. I had been putting off getting my nose pierced for a few years because I was afraid of reliving the pain I went through with my last nose piercing done by my friend. Did I mention that the piercing was painless?? Umm, yes, it was painless! How?? I don't know,but I can tell you that they are fantastic and know what they are doing. Kevin did my piercing and made me feel very at ease throughout the whole process. He was professional, kind,very gentle....and non-stop hilarious. I would go here again in a heartbeat! I highly recommend this place!
5	HTC is the greatest piercing shop in the valley - hands down. I wouldn't trust anyone else. The people are awesome & the piercers are top notch. I have double nostrils, and have been really picky about the alignment since day one. They always guarantee their work & have been more than accommodating for me. If you guys read this, you're the best! I love you all. Special thanks to Kevin & Jacob!
1	BEWARE. Must have birth certificate for child even if they are 14 years of age even though it is not stated on their website. The guy working the counter had no real explanation as to why nor did he care to have a conversation. Poor customer service.
5	I went in for a nosestud piercing and JD was my piercer. He was laidback, conversational, super clean, explained everything in detail, and put my mind at ease. He helped me pick out the stud and location that was right for me and the piercing was only minimally uncomfortable. This was my first piercing other than my ears and I was pleased with the whole experience. Thanks JD!
5	This place is literally one of the best in Arizona. I got my very first piercing done at Halo, which is also a great little shop, and when I called them to ask for a recommendation of somewhere closer, they let me in on this little gem.This place is clean, friendly, and phenomenal. You could not ask for more professional or helpful piercers. I got my Monroe done here before I went on vacation, and when I had to return to my non piercing friendly restaurant job, the piercers personally helped me brainstorm and execute a passable, work friendly,  piercing safe option.Small parking lot, but the extra effort to park is worth the absolutely perfect service you receive at this shop. I have personally had a few piercings done here, and watched a few friends get theirs as well. To put it in simple terms: if you want a high quality piercing experience, this is the place to go!
5	The best place to get pierced in the valley! Everyone that works here has such an awesome personality, they totally know what they're doing, and they make you feel comfortable throughout the entire process. Shout out to Kevin who pierced my conch and double helix and Kat for doing an awesome job with my septum. The only thing I can complain about are the long lines, but that just proves they're doing g something right!
