1	YELP WILL NOT LET ME LEAVE ZERO STARS!!!!!!!!!!  When construction started on this business at the beginning of the year, I was excited that new businesses were coming into San Tan Valley, AZ.  However, my excitement changed into sheer disgust after taking our vehicle in to Big O Tires for an oil change and a tire rotation.  I received a flyer in the mail; you know the ones, with different specials and options trying to bring in new business.  40 point inspection for free, a free tire rotation and a oil change, all for $21.99.  Sweet deal right?  Heck no!!!!!  The total was almost $43.00.  They nickel and dime for every single thing!!!  They charge for oil disposal, cleaning supplies, shop towels, garbage disposal fees, etc, etc.  (mind you this was no where on the flyer/coupon)  After taking in the truck at 8:00 am for a drop off, I was given a 1 1/2 hour time frame.  I walked down to a local coffee shop with a book,  and leisurely enjoyed my cup of coffee.  At 10:00 am, I walked back to Big O, and the truck was still on the lift in the shop.  When I asked why the truck was on the lift, I was told that they were not done with the work.  ?????????  The man at the counter said he had two employees today. Two hours for an oil change and a tire rotation?   Another half an hour went by, and as I sat and waited, 3 different customers left unhappy and feeling ripped off, either on the nickel and dime operations, or lack of customer service.. At this time,  I decided to inquire again.  A gentleman (I use this term loosely) proceeds to tell me that my truck is in dire trouble and that I needed almost $2000 work done. I wanted to see the truck, and the things that they were speaking of.  As I walked out into the garage, they lifted the truck about 9 feet off of the ground, so that I could not really see any of the parts they were pointing at. Everything from front end work to a serious oil leak, an antifreeze leak, and four bald tires.  "Can't you see the oil and antifreeze on the ground?"-one technician said.  The oil was very sludgy on the ground and the antifreeze was not even the color of the antifreeze that we use.   I told the technician that I was not interested in getting any of the extra work done until I speak to my boyfriend and that I would like the truck lowered off of the rack for me, I will pay and leave.  They REFUSED! One technician made a sly comment that I could not make decisions on my own, I had to get permission from the 'boyfriend'. By this time there were 5 technicians (remember that they only had 2 employees today, thus the reason for the long ticket time) standing around me all saying that I am going to get into a fatal accident if I leave the shop the way the truck was. They told me that it was far to dangerous for me to leave and that I at least needed four new tires, at just under $170.00 each!  They said that I would be risking my life and that they could not let me take that risk.  I insisted, saying at this point that I know that antifreeze is not my brand, the oil could not have been mine as we just had an oil change less than 2000 miles ago and that I know the tires are not bald! I am now upset! I repeated again that they must lower my truck.  Still, the answer was no.  So, I said, in a louder than normal voice, "LOWER MY TRUCK OFF OF THAT LIFT OR I WILL CALL THE SHERIFF!!!!"  My vehicle was then lowered, and pulled out into the parking lot.  The employee had turned the stereo up to full blast, and had turned on my windshield wipers, and turned on my hazards. While I was paying, the 'gentleman' said,  " I sure hope we don't hear on the news later that you died in a horrible accident." By the way, I took our truck to Network Automotive in Queen Creek, to have a free diagnostic and the truck is fine, other than the fact that there was not enough oil put back into the truck per the specifications of our truck, which they did for free!LACK OF CUSTOMER SERVICE AND JERKY BEHAVIOR MAKES ME WANT TO TELL EVERYONE TO RUN THE OTHER WAY!!!
4	Called for an appointment and was told that they were booked today, but I could come in and wait my turn and they would fit me in. I went for a blended oil change and tires rotated. They said 1 hour to 1 1/2 hours. I was only there 50 minutes and the work was completed. They also threw in a $10.00 coupon. I was very happy. They also had free coffee, donuts and popcorn in the waiting room. It is in San Tan Valley AZ, not Queen Creek.
5	I've been to Big O on two separate occasions and they were great both times. They have an extremely friendly staff and I can definitely appreciate friendly mechanics. As with some auto places, I never felt like they were trying to rip me off or take my money. They simply get the job done and it's done quickly and efficiently. They also have great deals and specials which I completely love! Not to mention they provide snacks, water, and TV for those who are waiting!
1	This is my first review ever writing. I feel I need to let everyone know how these con artist work. First thing is you can't look at these guys as car experts, you have to see them as sells men. I took my car in for a oil change next thing you know they are saying I need a new air filter and a my fuel injectors cleaned. I knew I didn't need a new air filter because I just replaced it a couple weeks before. But I played dumb and asked how much it cost for a new one he told me $40, I told him I can get them at autozone for 20. He said but these are premium air filters. Give me a break they buy these in bulk for a few dollars a piece. I then asked to see my air filter he showed it to me and it was completely clean. Don't fall for it when they say you need your fuel injectors cleaned for $60. Go across the street to Walmart to get the $3 bottle that does the same thing that they're going to do read the instructions anyone can do it.  I also asked if they can look to see why my car shakes when I put it into reverse they told me it will cost $89 to look at it. No thanks I'll take my business elsewhere.
5	Ya, 5 stars! We just moved from CA to Az. On the way here we picked up a nail in one of our tires of our 95 bronco. Walked in, no appt. The service guys were completely pleasant and smiley!  The waiting area was super clean! My tire was fixed in 30 mins. Definitely my place of choice!  Thanks guys!!
