2	An independent chain with a string of coffee shops in Edinburgh and Glasgow, Beanscene claim to offer a unique alternative to corporate coffee chains like Starbucks, Costa and Cafe Nero. The problem is, their branches look just as bland with brown leather arm chairs and uncomfortable wooden tables and chairs. The coffee and food is around the same price point too and just as unremarkable. Admittedly, I've heard good things about the pizza and nachos from friends but the muffin and pannini I shared were both 70% stodge and 30% filling. As for the ambient music playing softly in the background -  It might relax other customers but it made me feel like I was in an MFI or Sofa Workshop advert!
2	Sarah-Jane put it very well she describes Beanscene as an independent chain. It was started by a Scottish guy who wanted a coffee shop that you could take kids to and still have a nice cuppa joe. As a student in Glasgow many moons ago, Beanscene was one of my favourite haunts. The nachos, the hot chocolate, the honey bran muffin. Good times.I don't know what's happened in the interim. I know that the independent chain was sold to another enterprise of independent chain coffee store owners and I noticed as a result the quality of all the food products declined. I mean the amount of chicken in the chicken nachos was at least halved, and the honey bran muffins disappeared. And the new addition of the crepes served on PAPER plates with one stingy leaf of lettuce as a side salad. Sad times.The above is a general review of Beanscene. This one branch in particular isn't offensive or bad in any particular way, but it's not very memorable and not somewhere I can imagine going out of their way to go to. It's a shame, Beanscene used to be so *in*, and rightly so, and now it seems like a sad-washed up version of S'bucks - as it is now a chain, despite still being independent. For some reason the exterior of this branch really irks me. You can't even tell it is a coffee shop, or Beanscene, until you look closer. The building is a beautiful old one, which is pretty cool, but they've tacked a Beanscene sign on the outside that you can hardly see as it's black-on-granite stone and there are hardly any windows to see into to reveal that it is indeed a coffee shop. It's also not very 'cosy'.The coffee is meh, the cakes passable but to be honest, I really have experienced better and feel it's now a case of beating a dead horse when I come here and order a supplementary blueberry muffin.
3	The problem with this area of town is there is a distinct shortage of relaxed coffee places. It's either restaurant or greasy spoon territory. Beanscene is one of only a few coffee stops in the Haymarket area that you can even choose from (it's sandwiched between two Starbucks). So I find this spot quite handy if you're meeting folk in this part of town. Saying that, the coffee shop is nothing to write home about - it's a clone of every other Beanscene around and prices are on a par with other chains. I'd never eat here - the food is ropey at best. But if you're meeting pals for a chinwag, need a comfy sofa and a hot drink, you could do much worse.
3	Better than average espresso. Nice atmosphere. Cappuccino a bit weak. Cake a bit dry but still tasty.
