5	I've been really happy with All Pets.  They have nice, convenient hours and the staff has always been great.  Being open until 6 p.m. on weekdays is really helpful; the extra hour makes a big difference.  My two cats regularly see  Dr. Haroldson and both have seen Dr. Erickson for injuries/infections. I've had no trouble making appointments for regular check ups and vaccinations.  When either cat has had unexpected problems (eye infection, infected cut, etc.) they've been able to get me in within a day, although I was not picky about what vet I saw.  Both Drs. Haroldson and Erickson have patiently and carefully talked me through what I needed to do for home-care and answered all of my questions.  I've never felt rushed or talked down to.
5	Seriously, I love this place! I wish I could give them ten stars! I've got three corgis and after a co-worker referred me here in 2009, I'll never go anywhere else. Every vet my dogs have seen is wonderful...between the three pups I've met with three of the doctors. They're all sincere, empathetic, thorough, understanding, engaging, respectful, and love to share their knowledge. Dr. Haroldson is a sweetheart and can probably put any nervous pet-parent at ease. Dr. Erickson is calm and laid-back, and I can talk to him about even the most awkward pet problems. Dr. Schweitzer is lively--a total hoot. Anyone who likes The Walking Dead AND Downton Abbey is alright in my book!All Pets has been able to see me with very short notice, has never rushed me in and out the door, and always made me feel like my dogs were their top priority, even on busier days. They communicate clearly about diagnostic and treatment options. Their prices are very reasonable, and they try less expensive solutions first, instead of immediately recommending the most costly. Not that I'm cheap, it's just that having three dogs adds up. When they weren't 100% positive about something, they aren't afraid to ask each other for second opinions, which I appreciated when my dog Harry swallowed a corncob and had to have emergency surgery.That's another thing I love about this place, is that they remember all my dogs names when I walk in the door. Not only the vets, but the front desk staff. Maybe it's my fiction-writer's imagination, but they really make me feel like a VIP. Kenna is always so excited to greet my pups and I love hearing about hers. Dana has a killer sense of humor and if you're lucky, she'll grace you with one of her zingers. Having three rambunctious corgis that get into trouble (catching rabbits and getting worms, swallowing corncobs and needing surgery, attacking car windows and breaking teeth, spraining toes from too much running) means I get to visit more often, and I honestly do not mind at all.
5	Shortly after we relocated to Madison, our dog began having seizures. It's a scary thing to experience and figuring out how to manager her epilepsy has been a challenge, but I cannot imagine going through it without the care we have received at All Pets. Getting in for an appointment has never been difficult, and the response time to questions has been extremely quick, which is much appreciated when we're anxious about our pup. The staff has been great at helping put some of our fears at ease. We have only seen Dr. Haroldson, who is unbelievably patient, helpful, and kind in answering our numerous questions, whether it be over the phone, by email, or in person. When we bring our dog to All Pets, she never seems anxious or fearful, as she had occasionally at our old vet's office, which I can only attribute to the genuine love and care the entire staff seems to exhibit towards all the animals that come in. to their clinic. I would recommend All Pets to any pet owner I know with no hesitation.
