3	Boulder Station (and the other Stations) got rid of Coco's and have brought back their "Grand Cafes". Look, Boulder Station is basically 5 minutes from where I live, so if I feel the need for a quick, cheap dinner on the fly - Boulder Station it is. Since BS brought back the old Grand Cafe I figured I might as well give it a go, along with my parents.First off, the menu is basically the same old cafe menu you'll see anywhere. Breakfast (served 24-hours), main dishes, sandwiches, and desserts. Not a whole lot going on here, but hey, it's just a normal little cafe.The service is far improved from Coco's. Whenever I went here in the past the hostess was rude, the waiters were mediocre, and you had to wave down people constantly to get refills or anything for that matter. Our waiter was a very nice guy, but he did not refill drinks and he did not come back to ask us how our meal was. He showed up at the beginning and he showed up at the end. It's just a good thing I wasn't super thirsty and only drank one glass of tea... speaking of the tea...It was bland and it needs work. If you're going to serve tea, at least get it right. Mine and my mother's were too watery, too much ice. On to the food, my father ordered a spinach and mushroom omelet. It came out looking EXACTLY like the picture in the menu and my dad said it was really good. My mother and I ordered the $8.99 Prime Rib Special. My mom got french fries, I got mashed potatoes (mmm the gravy on the potatoes was delish!). The prime rib was cooked perfectly and it was BIIIIG. No skimping on their prime ribs here. It was served with veggies (meh) and au jus, as well as horseradish. So overall I'm pleased with the Grand Cafe and will return many times because it is so close, convenient, and hey, if my parents are going to pay the bill for a meal - I am down.
4	Formally Coco's, now the Grand Cafe. I'm a few miles away from Boulder Station and came to have something to eat right quick. I didn't feel like anything else that was open in the area or cooking. Metro Pizza sounded great but they were already closed, so I went next door. The place looks much more nice than the Coco's that use to occupy this space. All the tables were set nicely, new paintings on the wall, and smiles on the employees faces. The service was very good. My drink was constantly full and I got my appetizer soup promptly after ordering. The menu had reasonable prices and the food looked great. The Prime Rib Special looked very good, but that is until 11pm and it was already after midnight. Instead I went with a Bacon Cheeseburger with seasoned fries. The burger was a very good size and filling, I didn't even finish it! It came with thick cut bacon, slice of cheese, lettuce, tomatoes, pickles and onions. The fries were hot and good. Overall, the food was basic and good. What stood out most was the service they provided. They are really putting in a good effort to make this place more customer friendly with excellent service. I will revisit and try the Prime Rib next time.
4	Stopped by for a midnight meal. Ordered the Chicken Fried Steak Dinner and a bowl of Chili Cheese Fries (I'm a gluten for punishment). For was tasty, hot, and plenty of it. The party ordered the Shrimp Cocktail and the Mac & Cheese, and a order of Oriental Chicken Salad. All was good. The only draw back was the service was a little slow, but for 3 am, not to bad. Place was packed.
5	My family and I were very impressed with this restaurant. I had several food allergies, and everyone from the woman who greeted and seated us to the chef were very patient and helpful. There wasn't much on their normal menu that I could eat, but our waitress and the kitchen staff willingly made substitutions until not only did I have something I could eat, but it was delicious. Perhaps normally this is not an amazing place to eat, somewhere cheap as another reviewer said, but I can't praise them enough for their customer service and flexibility. They really made my night.
1	If I could give no stars, I would.  Worst dining experience ever.My fiance and I stood at the hostess' stand for nearly five minutes before the hostess decided to seat us.  Then we waited ten minutes for someone to take our drink order.  I ordered the roasted lemon herb chicken.  When it came, it was visibly incorrect - it had clearly been grilled and smelled like chemicals.  When I peeled the skin away, it seemed okay... so I ate a little bit.  Then I dug deeper.  To my absolute horror, the chicken gushed blood and the looked like jell-o.  It was RAW.  Of course, my waitress was nowhere to be found, so I found someone else to take it back to the kitchen and grab the manager.  Meanwhile, my fiance had a chicken fried steak.  It was cold and tough.  Ten minutes went by and the manager still hadn't visited the table.  Worse yet, our waitress decided it was time to go home... and we weren't assigned another waitress.  We had to go find someone ourselves to get the check and have my meal taken off.  I hunted down the manager, who was apologetic about the situation, but didn't offer any practical solutions to the situation.  She didn't seem to think it was a problem that the waitress had left work without reassigning the table, and she tried to defend the chef who made the chicken.  I couldn't believe it.  If you are out of something, fine.  Let me know and I'll pick something different.  Do NOT serve me something you pull out of the freezer and try to cook really, really quickly.  You could kill someone that way. I hope I don't get sick.
1	I came to the grand cafe a few months ago with my boyfriend. We had horrible service and disappointing food. We made a complaint that night. We finally got a call back about it yesterday. The manager offered to 'take care of us' the next time we come in. So we went today. The manager met us at the host desk, shook our hands and led us to our table. I was confused, was it a free meal? discounted? I had no idea. I got a burger and my bf had a steak dinner. The food was much better than last time but nothing to get excited about. The service was better too. But the waitress never said 'you're welcome' after I thanked her for refilling drinks.  It's a pet peeve. then the check came and my bf said 'the manager will take care of it' she seemed to know the situation and took the check away. We continued to sit at the table waiting for the manager to come by and discuss the bill or at least say something. But he never came by. So we started to leave. As we were walking out, the manager stopped us, shook our hands and said have a nice day. that was it. He was not rude but the whole thing was confusing and awkward.
1	As many times as I have strolled past this coffee shop, I almost never see many of the tables occupied.  I may have discovered why on this trip.  I stopped in and purchased a pair of relatively small apple fritters to take back to our room. These turned out to be flavorless and slightly stale.
1	I had been to the Grand Cafe a couple of times before writing this review.  I didn't want to seem unfair after just one visit since it has reopened. I had been several times in the past and loved it, for inexpensive food. But they closed and the location became a Coco's. A little while back the Coco's closed down and the Grand Cafe reopened. My wife and I were so excited. We gave it a try expecting the good food at low prices we had gone back again and again for. We went back again a few nights ago to have dinner with some friends. I am sorry to say that both my wife and I are very disappointed.The Grand Cafe is clean; as a matter of fact it is very clean. I give them a lot of credit for that. But the restaurant itself is just kinda drab. It looks OK, but nothing jumps out at you.The service is spotty. Sometime they are very attentive, and other times they are not. This was the same when the Grand Cafe was there before the Coco's and seems to be the same now. The other night I finished my beverage 3/4 of the way through dinner and was not asked if I wanted a refill until I was being handed the check; well after we had all finished and were ready to depart.The taste of the food seems not to be very good any more. I have had the meatloaf & the Prime Rib. The veggies with both dishes were pretty good. The potatoes with each dish were OK as well, but nothing to write about. The meatloaf was very, very bad. The meat had been highly over mixed and had a almost slimy texture to it. There was no flavor to it at all. I had to add massive amounts of salt just to make it palatable. My wife had gotten the spaghetti and meatballs that night. They were awful. The sauce was sickly sweet and the meatballs were just like my meatloaf; disgusting. The other night I had ordered my Prime Rib medium rare. It came out medium well. And after it was cut, they had thrown on the grill. There was no pink to it at all. It was charred in some places and looked more like a stark that a Prime Rib. The flavor was acceptable, but just. All in all I am going to try my best to avoid going back. If friends want to go I will go again, but I will try to talk them out of it.
2	We went hee for the breakfast special of 2 eggs, meat, hashbrowns and toast. Took about 15 minutes to be seated and there were several emty seats.  Then afer being seated too about 10 minutes to place our order.  After waiting about another 15 minutes we got our food. All this wait for eggs, bacon, hashbrowns and toast. The eggs were suppose to be scrambled but they were on the runny side. There were a total of 4 of us and 2 had went and got a starbucks coffee before being seated and needless to say after 2 drinks and the specials we paid a total of $32.  We should have went to the buffet and got something cheaper.
5	Love this place! Just got a chicken fried steak (Flintstone's size) with yummy mash potatoes and mixed vegis. They have Prime rib dinner for only $9.99, and it is delicious! Everything that the waitresses walked by our table with looked amazing. This place make me wish I was a cow with four stomachs, so I could pick four meals! They even have a bogo check in deal right now.
3	A nice Diner.  Have had good service 90% of the time.  Their NY steak is very delicious, tastes fresh, and is a healthy portion at a good price.  The shrimp cocktail and wedge salad are also very tasty.  The only downside is having to walk through the casino smoke to get there.  Once inside the restaurant, smoke is not a problem.
1	If I could give zero stars I would. Worst experience ever, took over 45 mins to get my food. On top of that it came out wrong. Although the server was able to comp a meal, I will definitely not eat here again.
3	This place would be 4 stars if the service was better, I think that everyone has complained about the service. We waited 20 minutes after being seated just to get our drink order. Then had to chase the waiter down to get the check. The prime rib was very nice, the potato was huge, and very good. The cheese eggs were very good as well. I enjoyed the food, just the service sucked.
4	We decided to try the Grand Cafe for dinner because 1) we were already at Boulder Station, and 2) they offered a T-bone Special for $9.99. It wasn't busy so we were seated right away. The T-bone was cooked exactly how I ordered it. My husband decided on the spinach and mushroom omelette. No complaints from him either. The service was quite good during our visit. No issues. Fast service, decent food, great price.
3	The grand cafe food is wonderful - the service is very poor.  We waited in line longer to give them our money than we did sitting and eating our food!  I wish we could give you folks four stars, but service is a great deal apart of eating!!!
3	Only thing I ever had here was the prime rib which delicious for the price of $11.99. Their cream of mushroom soup is also very delicious. Sometimes the prime rib is inconsistent sometimes it's dry or too salty. This cafe has really bad signal for cell phones. One to no bars at best.  Servers are nice and attentive. Overall, a good joint for some prime rib.
1	if you go after 1am,the chef,and waitress SUCK big time. They don't cook anything right,and she is a B****
4	Great food friendly staff. We got seated and our drink orders taken quickly. It took a little longer than normal for the food to arrive, but it was so delicious there were no complaints.If you have an hour to sit back and relax for a meal with friends, I would definitely recommend Grand Cafe.Excellent crispy shoe string fries and coffee.
4	like a fancy dennys . theyre banana cream pie is a must .
3	The servers took like 10 mins to say hello when I sat down. And Julie seems really angry about her job and the coupons people bring in she was going off with someone in the back about it.Food was good and quick once we ordered
2	Husband and I ordered a late breakfast. He had belgian waffle breakfast, I has the corned beef hash. The bad: Corned beef hash was nothing special, tasted like the stuff you get out out a can. My hash browns were blond, rather firm, and possibly starting to turn bad... They had that slightly-off taste. My husband's scrambled eggs were watery (not runny, but surrounded by liquid). The belgian waffle was also cold by the time it came out... It had obviously sat in the window for a while while my food was bring prepared. The good: fresh, hot coffee (they left the thermos pot on the table, which was nice), sausage links were fine, waffle was fine, my food was piping hot when it came out. The total came to $26, which is more than the meal was worth, considering the poor quality of the breakfast food.
3	I've been here twice with my family and cannot complain. I've had their omelette and their huevos rancheros (more like nachos) both really delicious. Only problem was during a Sunday be prepare to wait a long time for your food. They also have really good coffee.
1	Ordered the prime rib medium, came out bloody red and cold, green beans ice cold, baked potato warm. Concerned that the food here is not being stored at the correct temps.Wife and mother-in law had to send theirs back for same reasons, took 10 minutes longer to get the food back out. Good taste, just don't want to get ill.
4	Not bad. The biggest complaint was speed of service. Very courteous, but a bit slow even though the restaurant wasn't busy. Two adults, one teen and a one year old. A couple of appetizers and entrees for the adults. They were accommodating with the baby - let us order "off the menu" with a small fresh fruit cup. The food was above average. One adult got the French toast and biscuits and gravy for dinner, one adult had the 9.99 T-bone special, the teen got the fried shrimp basket. The breakfast dish was very good while the shrimp plate was your basic shrimp plate. The steak, potatoes and veggies were as good as you could reasonably expect for the price. Appetizers were very good - chicken quesadilla and hot wings. Will go back - a lot of variety, good atmosphere, great desserts (take home).
1	Second bad experience in a row. What was consistent was the service. It was bad. And this time, so was the food. Of four entree orders, three were messed up to some degree and they didn't arrive at the same time. Too bad.
3	Came here for the first time last night , not my first choice. I got the steak with potatoes and shrimp, it was good but nothing I haven't tried before. Maybe if they made there own sauce or something but the steak was good. It was just hard to cut , wish my steak would cut itself. Overall customer service was great, food was good not great but not sure if I would come back here.
5	The food, service, hours, price- all perfect. Donna was our server and she was on top of it. Also, such a sweet women- definitely has the southern hospitality kind of personality and service. I had a turkey and bacon sandwhich and my boyfriend had a burger- no complaints from either of us. Great for a late night snack after a night on the town!
4	We had breakfast at the Grand Cafe' last week.  Service by Greg was very good and friendly, and the food was good.  The ambiance was pleasant and the price was very good.  Would eat there again next time we're in town.
4	I've been to grand cafe at least 18 times as my check ins advised me lolThey cater to seniors and the service and food has always reflected that IMO. I think that demographic can be hard to please but the staff does a good job. I've never had a long wait and I've also never had the same server more than a couple of times. I've also always had consistently good service with minimal wait time for food and prompt refills. When I want "American" comfort food I come here.I usually get nachos, wings, chili cheese fries, or one of their soups to start. Their cream of mushroom and clam chowder are surprisingly good.I usually get prime rib 11.99 or the chicken fried steak for an entree. The dinner 9.99 or breakfast 7.99/8.99 version are both delicious. One comes with eggs and hash browns and the other comes with a veggie and a starch. Depending on when you go the prime rib can not be so good. I mean if it is late don't count on getting a medium when you want a medium. I think it's a great value if you go early.Their sandwiches are all good also!I love the prices and how consistent it is. I recommend this place to everyone for a go to solid place when you aren't trying to spend a lot of money. I recommend their mashed potatoes as a side with country gravy.Also if your nice they'll let you have two starches if you don't like veggies.
5	12am-6am late night deals are the best with a boarding pass. I had the chicken fried steak for 4.99!! Huge freakin serving and the waitress was super funny.
