5	Although I live close to the Sephora at Fashion Square, I think I might just have to make the drive to the new location at the Scottsdale Quarter instead! This Sephora is brand new and they did a great job of making it spacious, organized and customer service oriented. The biggest hassle for me was finding parking at the Quarter but once I did, I browsed through Sephora with ease. Upon entering, I was immediately greeted by a staffer who walked me to the area of the store I was searching for. I came to this location not only to check it out, but also before the Fashion Square one was out of some makeup I needed and they told me they wouldn't get more for another week! Luckily, this new Sephora didn't let me down! After finding the makeup I needed, I looked through the store. This is is definitely bigger than the Fashion Square location and it reminds me more of a Sephora you find in a "big city." I won't go too much more in depth because a Sephora is a Sephora, but they definitely did a good job organizing this store and I think this is just what the Scottsdale Quarter needed!
4	The only place where you can spend 300.00 and come out with a bag the size of a small book. I love it though, I usually like to go in without a lot of make up on and try out new colors. I always love the Sephora brand itself, but they carry all the brands you could possibly love or want. I really love benefit, urban decay and of course this is usually where i get my COCO Chanel. Although every time I go, they tempt me with new scents... I love make up so this is like a kid in a candy store for me.
4	I have been here one time only because I received a gift card for my birthday.  I had a wedding coming up so I decided to get my makeup done and purchase some new items.  I was extremely nervous about getting my makeup done, but felt relieved when I met Tania (the makeup artist).  I had so much fun and loved my new look!  She was very educated and walked me through every step.  It was perfect!  Thank you Tania for doing a fabulous job!  The makeup was a little pricey so I couldn't get too much, but I loved what I bought!  Tania also gave me tips on applying the stuff I ordered.  I will definitely be back to get my makeup done by Tania again, with or without a gift card.
4	Ladies did a great job of finding me the hair straightener of my dreams. It's amazing. It's going to save me 15-20 minutes a day. Absolutely KILLER! Foundation? I am never ever happy with it. I've spent hundreds at Sephora trying to get the right one. I've tried Make-up forever, Nars, Bare Minerals, Dior, and (non-sephora) Mac, you name it! I used Lancome in the past and loved it, but somehow totally forgot they existed. The make-up artist/saleswoman helped me extensively by pointing out this amazing foundation by Lancome that is so silky with my skin. This location is worth a vist, ask for Dee.
5	How have I never stepped foot in a Sephora before?!! Ah what I was missing -- thinking Ulta was a beauty supply store Ha! Sephora is like the Nordstrom of makeup and beauty stores and Ulta is like the Target. Sephora is an experience -- from the high-end makeup to the gorgeous store and cute bags. I am so happy that I don't have to drive to Nordstrom at Fashion Square to find most of my make-up now -- except for MAC, and I am faithful to my Studio Fix. Sephora carries tons of brands: Urban Decay, Stila, Too Faced, Christian Dior, Chanel along with high-end hair care products like Carol's Daughter and Bumble and Bumble (but no Kerastase...bummer).The store is small though and felt packed on a Friday afternoon. But don't worry because there is tons of parking right across the street in the Scottsdale Quarter south side parking garage. (Even if you have to park in the basement there are elevators to take you right up to the ground level).I'm still partial to Ulta for things like makeup remover wipes and fake eyelashes since they carry the brand I love, but I will definitely be browsing Sephora more often which is unfortunate for my bank account.
5	Soooo happy to finally have a Sephora close to home. Actually, the fact it is walking distance makes it dangerous for me. It's a beautiful store with amazingly helpful staff who really know about the products. So many premium lines are comparable and they have no problem giving you a sample to try first. It's definitely one thing that makes me a regular customer. I also love their fragrance selector. It's a nifty little computer where you put in scents you like, what your activities are and what things you are drawn to, and then gives you a list a suggested scents. I have found the perfect ones for my boyfriend and I using this unbelievably accurate little device. Be sure to become a Beauty Insider and earn points for your purchases and for doing reviews online. It also makes sure you get some smoking deals.
5	Best Sephora I've been to yet (San Diego, LA, Fashion Square). Girls are always super helpful and friendly. They never let me down with their recommendations. I tried new foundations out on my last trip and they even walked me outside to natural light with a mirror to make sure I liked it.  Store is nicely laid out and easy to navigate through.
5	OBSESSED with this place.  I am so so glad they finally have a location outside of Fashion Square, although the traffic at the quarter can rival mall traffic some days.The employees are superb and so nice and helpful.  Everything is clean and organized and they have a million of everything so you can always find what you are looking for.
4	I am getting married in October, and I needed to start looking for some good  makeup that will last all day and photograph well. Admittedly, I'm pretty clueless about high end makeup and the prices made me want to cryvomit. I went in and poked around, tried some eyeshadows and looked generally lost until one of their associates came to my rescue. She told me they schedule FREE color consultations to help people explore some different brands before buying. I went in the day of my engagement party and got a full face of makeup in about 45 minutes. They consultant walked me through some of the differences in brands (Did you guys know there is such thing as HD makeup for photography? Wut?) and we talked about the steps she was taking as she applied color. We did a moisturizer, primer, eye primer, full eyes, foundation, blush, contouring, and some kind of setting powder to lock it all in. I also had her apply a few individual eyelashes to add some oomph. I was really happy with the result, and I didn't look like a cakeface! She listened to my concerns about having heavy foundation, and used a light coverage Makeup4Ever and light powder, and it looked awesome. She didn't pressure me to buy, but there is the expectation that you spend $50 on product if you have a free application, which isn't hard. I wanted to wait on the foundation since I'm lighter during the winter, but I bought a Stilla eyeliner, Smashbox shadow trio, and the false lashes for around $60. I will plan to get a few more things in the coming months until I have the full shebang.4 stars, because there is no such thing as a "bargain" here
5	Love this store!  Got immediate attention for my needs, my questions were answered, and sales lady was so pleasant .  This place is so much better than Ulta!  Glad products are online too.
4	I could spend hours here sampling all of their products. This is a clean, well put together store with helpful staff. Their return policy is awesome and they also offer samples as rewards for spending a certain amount. My only complaint is that I always have to wait to check out.
5	I love Sephora! I recently wanted to replace my foundation. I am sensitive  so I usually wast a lot of money before I find a product I like that does not  agitate my skin. They gave me samples of four different brands matching my skin tone for all of them. It was so nice to try and compair. I have tried samples of perfume also. I feel I  get exactly what I want when i'm ready to purchase. They have always given me attentive service, plus a birthday gift every year!
5	This is like all the other Sephoras!  Smells nice, lots of shiney things, and fun things to try.  Plus the day we went, they had mini-cupcakes and flavored water...  SWEET!
5	I never knew there was a Sephora in this location before! I went inside and easily broke the bank. Had a nice selection of pretty much everything. Love this place, will come back here more often.
4	I rarely write an extremely positive review. I rarely write a partially positive review. I'm stingy with my stars but when I find a place with great customer service, I think it is important to recognize a good thing. I have very limited knowledge about make up and the vast variety of products out there. I have searched for undereye concealer to body scrub. The girls who work there are super knowledgeable and have never ever steered me wrong. They can tell you about the pros and cons of each product and they are even pretty up to date on the reviews of the product so you can gauge how others felt about the product. I love it that they give you a completely objective look at the product and they are not super pushy about what and how much you buy! A small down side is that I've had my make up done a few times there. I want kind of a more natural look and they always go heavy on the make up. But honestly, I have yet to find a place that sells make up and doesn't go heavy on the application. A teeny little plus is that when they have a long line, they have a little credit card machine so you can make your purchase in a jiffy! All about the customer!Four stars and I would definitely go back!
4	What can I say I'm a beauty junkie! And Sephora is my first stop. I love that they have many brands. So I can try out different brands out there... more of a variety. I also like that it looks like make up heaven would look like. I can NEVER pass a Sephora and not go in no matter if I don't intend to buy anything I ALWAYS go in. I more so like this store because they don't hassle me when I go in like Ulta... Ulta makes me feel so uncomfortable shopping there, as they hassle me with multiple "are you doing ok?, can I help you?" Sephora doesn't do that especially this one particular. They are super nice, and cool and eager to help when YOU need it. I never really need help though because I am a beauty junkie so I know most of the products when when I do need some help they are always there... and somewhat knowledgeable. I say that because there are so many brands and even they have told me it's hard to remember all or even know whats actually in the store. But they try and that's what counts the most to me. I spend a lot of money in Sephora alone so I expect a certain amount of service and I never had any problems here. As a tip: I would recommend going on the website and writing what you like down. I also love that I don't have to walk too far to MAC after I'm done with Sephora and vice verse!
3	OK, I wasn't particularly impressed with this location. While I was *finally* approached by an associate (eventually), it wasn't nearly as quickly as the Sephora location at Scottsdale Fashion Square. I'm fine to look for things myself, but if I can't find what I'm looking then I'll want some help...and it's much easier when all the associates aren't tied up doing makeovers. Oh well... I found something close to what I was looking for and left. I'll stick with the one at SFS most likely. Parking is in the garage, unless you're lucky enough to nab one of the street parks in front of the stores.
1	Total waste of an hour & a half of my life. I don't normally shop at sephora as there is not on on my usual "flight path". But my mom sent me a gift card through Groupon. Drove 30 min out of my way to store, picked up the item I usually buy at another cosmetic store for same price, stood in line for 15 min, then they told me they could not process the gift card from my iPhone (even though it gave specific instructions that I could) and that I had to print it off. So do I waste another 1.5hrs + of my life or do I just lie to my mother and say I used it???
4	I like this Sephora location. The staff has always been helpful and even happily provide samples if you ask! Although Sephora does have mostly expensive makeup/ body items, sometimes it's the quality that counts. It's convenient for me to pick out a product that is usually only offered at the mall and to buy it here instead, avoiding the drive to Fashion Square. I also appreciate that they are now offering more makeup without the use of parabens.
5	My consultant was Tania E. at the scottsdale quarter location. She did my makeup for my wedding day! I was beyond impressed and I too am a makeup artist. She listened to all of my ideas, and my makeup was stunning and lasted all day and night! It was obvious she loved her job, she applied my makeup with such passion. I would refer her and sephora to anyone getting their makeup done for a wedding. Three members of my bridal party also got their makeup done, and my bridesmaids and I were VERY please with how they each came out. WONDERFUL experience, on what could have been a stressful morning, I felt taken care of and at ease! Plus at the end I purchased some great products. :) win win in my book.
5	I had my makeup done by Breckyn for my prom and I absolutely loved it! After a day of appointments gone bad, I was hoping my makeup appointment would fix that. Although the appointment ran a little long, I walked out of the store content and eager to show off my new look! She consistently made sure I was happy with each step and even changed things if I didn't like it! It was a great experience and definitely worth the money.
4	I love this place because although they are super expensive, I find stuff here you can't really find other places.  Some things ya you can find at Sally's Beauty Supply and some things you can find at Ulta, but not everything.I find nail polishes I can't find other places, make up brands I can't find other places, and although expensive it's still cheaper than the mall department stores.  And I must admit I love their volume of reviews on products. It's almost like every customer that walks through their door or shops online post a review about products they use which help guide me on what to use for myself.Great company, very happy with their company over all and this location store.
1	I just visited this store and was extremely disappointed.  I knew what I needed when I walked in because I always buy the same shade of foundation.  Two different employees could not help me figure out if the shade was discontinued.  They then called a color "expert" over to help. She took me across the store to do a color test on me. When finished she told me there was not a sephora brand foundation that matched my skin. She asked if I'd be willing to try another brand to which I said sure as long it's similar in price ($20). She then informed the only thing close was $38. I said really? That's too much for me to spend. Then she basically acted like there was nothing they could do to help me. Really?? That store is enormous. There was no other foundation in the entire place that was reasonably priced?? It made me feel like I wasn't welcome there and that I should leave. Which is what I did. She didn't even offer to help me find anything else. So disappointed. I've had much MUCH better service in almost a null other Sephora I've ever been in. I would not recommend visiting this store. I'm sure there is another one near by with better customer service.
4	Had a blast getting an express service done by Victoria! Very friendly service, I'll definitely make this my store to shop at.
5	I had the best experience here. Usually I get matched up inaccurately but the women who assisted me was named keenan I think? I'm spelling her name wrong but it's in the same ball park. I was so impressed with her that I
2	Went in to buy a specific mascara, that I have been using for quite a while. I saw they had the waterproof one on display, which I.have never used. Asked one of the employees if they had the"regular" one and she told me, that it only comes in waterproof. I told her I never have bought the waterproof and she insisted that's all this particular one comes in. I had some other things I was paying for and mentioned what I was told to the girl at the register. She immediately went over and found the.mascara I wanted, which was in a drawer under the display. The one thing I have come to realize, that if you know what you are looking for, Sephora is great....but, if you need help with a particular brand, be smart and go to the department stores and deal with the professionals, who are trained by the cosmetic companies.  Think about it, how could these girls at Seohora know everything there is to know about every product they carry.
3	Overpriced but usually can get what you need in men's cologne, interesting they must be doing great as the manager working the opening shift, would not open the door 6 minutes early as 7 people tried to enter just before 10:00 am.
