5	This was the best thing that I did during my 5 day trip to Vegas.  You meet at The Spa, everyone who works there is so nice and friendly.  You get a locker with a robe and slippers since you are free to use the spa facilities.  There is complimentary tea, coffee, water, juice, fruit and nuts.  Willow was our yoga instructor.  She was a peaceful and calming instructor which matched the experience beautifully.  She came and got our group from The Spa and took us out to where the dolphins are.  She is not jaded by being able to work in such an awesome place and understands everyone wants a million pictures and does not hurry you.  When you get down to the actual room you are going to do the yoga in it seems sort of sad since it only has a few windows where you can possibly see the dolphins and I momentarily thought that it wasn't worth the $50 cost, but I was wrong.  I am not a person who has "moments" yet I had a moment here.  It is sort of unexplainable.  Willow had said this was a special place and at first my eyes deceived me.  It turns out she was right.
5	This is a dolphin sanctuary.  There is no dolphin show!!  These are rescued animals that allow you to appreciate their beauty with their cheery smiles and gregarious nature!!Willow was our Yoga teacher and she was awesome! One thing I've learned over the years is Yoga is totally different based on the instructor...and she was great!  It wasn't a cheesy Vegas Yoga disco spin...It was true Yoga that allowed us to recharge from all of the craziness of the strip. I was there for a b-day party and needed a little alone time to regroup.  The dolphins were an amazing added bonus.  They see you as you see them. They are such beautiful social creatures that they actually come to the glass to watch you. They were so beautiful and awe inspiring that I wish I could just be there forever.  These dolphins are used for education and to aid autistic children.  Because of the stimulus of seeing people, they limit the yoga classes.  I found this to be a very respectful dolphin sanctuary that reminded me of the beauty of this world and of nature.
4	Yoga Among The Dolphins was very cool.  It great to see them as they watch you practice yoga. The rooms is small and they allow only 8 people to class.There are only a few things I would change. I think the room can be a little warmer and the class could have been a little longer. It was only about a 45-50 minute class the day I was there.  Willow teaches a nice class which is very suitable for beginners so don't be intimidated by doing yoga, even if its your first time.  Enjoy and Namaste'
5	One of the coolest experiences I've had in Vegas!  I'll be booking myself a spot every time I'm in Las Vegas now!  You are up and close with these amazing animals.  Can not say enough about what a great experience this is!  A serious hidden gem in Las Vegas!
