5	THIS REVIEW IS BASED ON DONATIONS:We had boxes and boxes of household goods and pieces of furniture and bags of "stuff"- tons!  It filled 1/4 of the carport and I called White Dove and talked to the nicest young man who set up a pick up time to come gather all the goods, he told me that he was probably going to be the one picking it up too.  It felt soo good to get rid of it all it felt even better knowing that our donations were going to a thrift shop with proceeds going to Hospice of the Valley.Thanks, White Dove!
4	Between Flo's on 7th and White Dove, I can almost completely outfit myself year round. And as you know, Crusader Rabbit is a fashion icon--NOT. White Dove has great clothing sales and cool, pretty high-end furniture and clothing. I arrived at the right time one day as they were unloading an almost new awesome chair and ottoman in the perfect shade of maroon. The manager priced it for me at $60. What a steal. It's in my bedroom even as I write this, covered with freshly laundered  thrift sale summer clothing I have nowhere to store. I don't think I've ever sat in it, but I know it's comfortable.I also kick myself every time I go there because I missed buying an almost new paddle boat for $100. What WAS I thinking? For Central Phoenix gals, this is a convenient stop and always worth the trip.P.S. Be sure to go around to the back across the parking lot where most of the clothing is. It's worth the walk.
2	Same as Flo's, really overpriced and either over-picked or I hit it at the totally wrong time which was Saturday afternoon.  It was nice and clean I'll say that for it, but just didn't have much to get excited about except the high prices and that wasn't exactly what I was looking for in a thrift shop--even if they spell it Shoppe....so.....well, classy don'tcha think?By the way, over 30 years junking and thrifting makes me somewhat of a pro I'd say.
5	great place, prices and staff
5	I love this place - I think everyone working there is super nice - they always remember me as the girl who was stalking the super cute white couch (posting picture) - which I totally had to buy after lusting over it for at least a month - :)
1	I have been here on a few occasions and I was pleased with the selection pricing and customer service, but sadly that seems to have gone away. Items were on par with Flo's as another reviewer commented and for the selection I have been seeing, this does not quite match up. I was not greeted by the three ladies at the counter but was rather glared at, there was no hello or smiles, just a pack of elderly women standing in formation looking me right in the eye as I stroll in. Wow, welcoming right? The more hidden gem seems to be in the warehouse where items are marked down significantly. There is less furniture in this area than in the store however. Televisions, clothing, and random items seem to be the majority in the warehouse.There are some cool vintage finds to be found but after being treated like a leper and leaving aggravated I would rather stick to other mom and pop thrift stores and the better Goodwill locations in the valley. I don't understand why they would act this way when you want to make visitors feel welcome so they can spend money for a worthy cause. I was completely turned off and I won't be returning. This is not the only worthy cause in the world. 1 star for crappy service and visit the Goodwill on Pima in Scottsdale if you have the time and gas.
4	I  like this store, I am not much of a thrift store person but I like the vintage stuff in this store, some stuff is overpriced, some is under.. but I like it.
1	I went to the location in Scottsdale off of McDonald and didn't find anything worth buying. The prices are cheap but the quality of clothing is hit or miss. U may find something but I don't think I'll be in a hurry to go back there. Maybe I'll try the other locations. Happy Hunting!!!!
