1	Salad had wilted lettuce.  Sanitation grade 90.5.  Don't recommend.
1	my husband & i, went here for lunch. it took then forever to get to us. Our Waiter took our drink order & didn't even bother to offer an appetizer. he came back with our drink, did not give us a straw & quickly turn around and came back 15 mts later.  the menu was alot different than the last time we was at Applebees.] everything look really good. So we finally got to order (we were starving by this time) I order half rack baby back ribs plate,(witch i had before) they had always been yummy,but not this time. let me tell you it was just a plate with dry ribs, hard ( some rotten like)french fries and no slaw i had to ask for it (it came w/plate),15 minutes pass before a got my slaw.my hubby got a combination Cajun steak with shrimp, rice and beans; the rice and beans were hard and dry, so he end up eating the steak  and 3 shrimp only.oh if i had to mention the appetizer ,,I mean terrible, a spicy queso dip with chips were grease and not very well done. we was disappointed of the food and service.bad service & terrible food, don't recommend.
4	I like applebees
1	I've visited this location many times in the past and the only thing that I have to say is "This place has really fallen off."One of the first things that you'll notice when you walk in on a weekend, is that the overall atmosphere of the place seems to be gloomy.  You just get the feeling that the people eating there aren't really enjoying themselves.The food is really bad.  The riblets that I had during my last visit tasted like they were a few days old and had been microwaved, even the bones were dry and there was an odd freezer burned like taste.  My mother had a steak and after cutting into it and taking a bite, she swore that it had been microwaved.  We both had salads which seemed to be extremely small and were made with ingredients that were close to their expiration date (limp lettuce, slimy tomatoes, and old cheese).  I should also mention that the salads were served warm along with lukewarm dressing.The overall service was nothing to really write home about (as the old saying goes).  Given the ratio of waitresses to customers, one would expect the service to be more prompt, but it wasn't.  The food also seemed to take a really long time to come out, about 45 mins for a steak with fries and riblets with fries, it may have actually been closer to an hour.If you're in the area and in a bind to find something to eat, I recommend that you either find somewhere else to go or just save your money and hit one of the local grocery stores.  Since Applebee's is a chain, I don't think Kitchen Nightmares will be coming to save them :)
2	Went to this Applebee's location two times. The first time was a few years back, and the bartender had terrible customer service (I'm not sure if she still works there, but I think it's worth noting). The second time I went, my girlfriend specifically asked for no onions on her sliders, and they came out with onions anyway. Also, my second round of sangria tasted like the bartender poured half a bottle of what ever they use to sweeten it, and barely any wine. I'll stick to the location by concord mills mall
2	Sitting here at the car side to go spot and I called in to let them know I am here and couldn't imagine a more disrespectful person picking up the phone, she cut me off when I was trying to speak to her, and then she hung up on me mid sentence. When she came out to my car she was nothing but impolite. It was the customer service tonight that may have deterred me from ever coming back to Applebees.   The food was great, but food isn't the only part of the experience. Despite the good food the customer service has turned me away from this restaurant.
3	Delicious steaks and nice interior. Friendly staff, too.
1	Very bad service. Also my girlfriend got very sick after eating here. Also notice that the chicken she had ate was undercooked. DO NOT GO TO THIS APPLEBEE's
1	Took 30 minutes to get our drinks and still had to wait another 10 additional minutes for our waters.  When we asked for a lemon for a drink, the the waiter came back with a whole bowl of lemons to be rude. When they finally came out with waters and the bus boy asked if we wanted straws, someone replied yes, he threw 10 straws on the table.  Customer service has been awful and I would not return.
5	I come here at least once a week. Shocked to read the reviews, my visits are great. Well I guess you can't really mess up wings & drinks.
