4	I saw a blast on Twitter that this market was opening today.  This used to be an AJ's Find Foods and now Good Food has taken over.  The store is nice and clean.  They have a good sized produce department and a very nice seafood case as well.  In terms of other items they carry Annie's and Amy's products as well as other organic items. They also carry some other things that you might not usually see in a store geared to organic.  They sell Coke and Pepsi products, Oscar Meyer Lunchables, and Pillsbury refidgerated rolls like the crescent and biscuits.  They have a nice selection of things, a bakery, a deli and it look like they will have an open air deli/bbq soon.  There is a nice little patio with tables and chairs out front.  Over all I thought this was a great addition to the area and I will be back.  They have a nice beer and wine selection.  I picked up the last 6 pack of Blue Moon Pumpkin Ale!  Score!  I might share if you say pretty please.  :)
5	Just read the reviews for this lovely market when to my surprize I realized that I was mentioned in a previous review of this very place. Please allow me to state for the record that I was indeed aware of the fact that I was in a bakery and although my health issues prohibit ME  from eating sweets I do still buy them for my dear husband and the regular stream of guests in my home.  In this lovely establishment, the  coffee is served at the bakery counter and this should suffice as adequate explanation as to why I was lamenting about my inability to have sweets while standing in a bakery. Hmmmm........With that said, I love this Market!THE COFFEE IS ALWAYS GREAT AND THE SERVICE IS FRIENDLY. IN THE MORNING, IT IS NICE TO BE GREETED WITH KIND CONVERSATION, A FREINDLY SMILE  AND A HOT CUP OF COFFEE. THE STAFF IS FRIENDLY AND ALWAYS KIND AND HELPFUL. Great care is given to the freshness and presentation of the food by this stellar collection of employees. The groceries in this market are easy to find and this market carries a broad variety of staples and specialty items .Good Food Market  sits on the NE corner of Chandler Heights Road and Alma School Road, is easly accessable and the parking is convenient and  well thought out.Wheelchairs are welcome.I hope this market does well and I tend to support it.WE ARE GREATFUL THAT HIGH END BUSINESSES CHOOSE TO BUILD THEIR DREAMS IN OUR COMMUNITIES. THIS ENHANCES OUR LIVES AND MAKES OUR NEIGHBORHOODS A NICER PLACE TO LIVE.MUCH BETTER THAN A CIRCLE K OR A SEVEN 11!
5	love the people that work there love the location and morning coffee is greatSo happy that we have a nice neighborhood marketLove it
5	Our first visit to this store was to go to the bakery to see if we could order a last minute carrot cake for a birthday the next day.  The staff was friendly and helped us right away - No problem!We picked it up on time and we were shocked at how low the price was.  It was THE BEST carrot cake we have ever eaten!  It was for a 6 year old's birthday and the kids wolfed it down and wanted more.  The adults were shocked at the value.Actually it is now the next morning and we just ate some leftovers (breakfast dessert is ok, right?).  Still awesome!
2	This was supposed to be a smallish store with a good selection of organic and otherwise natural foods and products; something between a Trader Joe's and a Whole Foods Market, I think.  They got close, but it just misses the mark.  I've been to Good Food twice now, and I can say that the customer service was great.  Everyone working there was happy and pleasant, and more than willing to help me find stuff.  This may have been due to their naturally positive demeanors, or possibly to the fact that both times I've gone to Good Food, I was essentially the only shopper in the store.  The place looks like it's in the process of closing down.  There are numerous racks that are empty except for their price tags, and on the hooks, there often hangs only one or two bags of product.  Case in point:  I was there picking up a few small items, as well as some things for my vegan roommate.  He requested a bag of soy cheese and a carton of plain soy milk.  There were two bags of soy cheese that looked like they had been left out in the sun for a while, and one bag of rice cheese that looked okay.  This comprised the entirety of the pre-shredded non-pepper jack vegan cheese selection, so I grabbed the rice cheese.  The soy milk situation was no better, as they had only two cartons of chocolate Silk and one of organic vanilla Silk.  I chose to take the vanilla.  Seriously though, how is there no plain soy milk of any kind? I moved to the pasta section and found that the store sells an in-house brand of organic products called Cadia that is very reasonably priced.  I think.  It's impossible to tell, because most of the products on the shelves are in the wrong places or have no prices on them at all.  There was a huge end of aisle display of the Cadia pastas and sauces that had 5 or 6 different pasta varieties and as many of the sauces, but not a single product was priced.This is getting very long, so I'll just finish by saying that the produce selection is tiny and of low quality.  I tried to buy some simple produce like bell peppers, carrots, bananas, and apples.  The bell peppers were pretty unimpressive and unusually expensive, the carrots were actually pretty good, the bananas looked okay at first but then were all odd tasting and bruised when we opened them.  The apples were admittedly amazing, but HoneyCrisp apples always are (though these were not organic).All in all, the store is a good idea, but poorly executed.  If I hear that their selection has expanded or that they are rotating produce more often, I'll probably come back, but other than that, I most likely will not return.
1	This little market has closed down . What a shame.
