5	Impressive new shop for all your cycling needs. And, a very helpful, knowledgeable staff!
4	customer service was absolutely excellent, very friendly and knowledgeable staff and the speed of service was outstanding.only downfall is that there is not an awful lot of accessories and or part, maybe this is because they are still brand new.highly recommended.
4	I thought this was still a Tempe Bicycle location, but to my surprise it's not! For you that are new to Tempe, there are multiple Tempe Bicycle locations and in my experience they have hit or miss customer service. I thought it was cool to check out a different bike store for a change. I was buying some accessories for my bike, so I don't know about prices on bikes, but for what I bought it seemed reasonable. Friendly staff and quick service.
5	I needed a tuneup on used bike I purchased.  They did a great job on my bike even offered to cut off the old bike lock.  I like to ride daily if possible so they had my bike to me in a few hours.  The price was extremely reasonable especially living off of a students income.  First place I'll go for my bike needs :)
5	Friendly staff, great location, reasonable prices, always doing specials (eg, half-off all tubes for a week, half-off full service tune-ups for their grand opening).There are a lot of bike shops in Tempe, but Pedal manages to stand out on friendliness alone.
5	I have had to go and get my bike and my friends bike looked at and repaired and each time I have gone it. The service is friendly, fast and affordable :)  Tis the season to use your bikes and they have done a great job at keeping myself and my friend as customers!  They have the supplies , the info and as a perk a fabulous sense of humor :)
5	I fell upon The Pedal Bike Shop after going to 11 other Bike Shops within a 20 mile radius. I was immediately greeted by a gentleman named Bryce. He was so helpful and knowledgeable, never once being pushy. I had in my mind the idea of what I was looking for in a beach cruiser, which was why I went to 11 shops! Bryce listened to my needs and customized the bike that I fell in love with! I was so happy! ...I was so impressed with Bryce's level of customer service that I went back the following week and started looking for a beach cruiser for my daughter. Once again, Bryce put together what my daughter would love! I will ONLY shop at The Pedal Bike Shop from now on. The selection of quality bikes, accessories and prices are unbeatable! I saved a couple hundred dollars shopping here, and I'm telling you I priced out everything and did my research even online! The speedy service and friendliness that I received from Bryce immediately made my 10 year old daughter a fan! I tell everyone to go see Bryce now! Thank you! ...I will be back next month to purchase a bike for my son's Birthday!
5	This place is GREAT!  I was greeted as soon as my foot hit the mat by the front door!  I mentioned that I was impressed with all the great reviews I saw on YELP, and that was what brought me to their shop. (I live in South East Chandler)The guy behind the counter was stoked that someone saw the reviews!I purchased two Schwinn bikes for my daughters off Crags list, and felt they could use a good going over and tune up.  I got the gold tune up for both and when they did a quick assessment they told me I could pick them up the next day!  What I don't have to wait a week?  I'm not accustomed to such a quick turnaround!  That is great and the kids will be thrilled!Very Polite, Very Knowledgeable, and Very Professional!  I will be back and I will send others!  I drove past many bicycle shops to get to The Pedal Bike Shop in Tempe and I will gladly do it again.
5	Great experience purchasing a new bicycle this past weekend; the employees have a wonderful attitude and enjoy working with customers (even those who ask naive questions) -- nicely greeted when I walked in, explained what I was looking for and started to ask questions.  Questions were responded to thoughtfully, respectfully and positively.Once I decided to purchase the bike, the two outstanding employees helped me select equipment to ensure I would feel comfortable and safe -- recommendations were provided in a manner that made sense and I never felt they were trying to inflate the  purchase price.As they were preparing my bike and teaching me how to change a flat a few other customers came in.  All were treated kindly and helped, always with a smile.Upon leaving with my new wheels I was encouraged to come back with any concerns or questions as they are there to ensure I enjoy the bike.
5	Very good customer service. They were quick and give student discounts . Since I'll be starting school soon, so they were big a help. I will definitely go back to them in the future.
5	Bought a couple of cruiser bikes here.  Knowledgeable and friendly staff.  Had the bikes in and built within a week.  Great place!  I'll be back.
5	TL;DR Affordable bikes, friendly customer service, knowledgeable mechanics, and clean/organized!!! Highly recommend ASU students coming here.Been here way too many times and can't say all the great things about this shop so I'll keep it as concise as possible. Amazing maintenance and the guys here are wayyy friendly (even to the occasional bums that I have seen come in). I have never had to come up for the same adjustment since they get it right the first time.Been thinking about getting a bike soon so I have been looking around but they're never pushy. What keeps me from buying a bike right away is that they always have bikes on sale so I know I'll always get a great deal (and also because I'm broke). They seem to have bikes that'll fit all price ranges but with an emphasis on college students.Check out their customize-your-single-speed bicycle set up. Even if you don't want a single speed road bike (fixie) its cool to look at all those bike parts hanging on the wall.Talk to Guy, dude is hilarious.
5	These people are awesome! I've had a couple issues with my bike (flat tire, bent tire frame) and they took care of it completely. I never had to pick up a tool or my bike... They took care of my flat in less than 10 minutes, put a new tire in in less than 30. Don't go to a regular retail store- these people are the best and the nicest.
5	I came here based upon Yelp reviews. Once again, Yelpers did not disappoint! Great selection of new and used bikes - rare to see so many well-maintained used bikes. Don't see what you need? Chances are they can help you with that!Each time, I came in, staff was always helpful. I stated my budget (wanted to stay under $1,000) and there was no pressure to go over budget from anyone! After some research and helpful direction,  Brad ordered a 2015 Cannondale MTB for me. It arrived faster than projected and I received a call 5 days after I placed a deposit, saying the bike was ready. I picked it up today, and received great advice and instruction on breaking in the bike. Lifetime free tune ups on this bike are an added plus from buying here...and I was still $250 under budget! Will be back to purchase again. Thanks Brad, Gil, and whoever else helped me out! You have earned a customer for life!
