3	Just opened recently , way up in No Sco  is a new place to get  your local on. While not as Tasty as Old Town Farmers Market it still can give locals a fresh taste of clean local flavors. Currently they have  about 20 vendors outside with crafts, foods,salsa,  breads, and Torched Goodness Brulee Truck ..stop by there for sure. Inside a large store front they have about a dozen more vendors with produce, eggs, grass fed beef, salmon, honey and  horseradish . My favorite is produce form Simple Farm  their eggs, herbs and veggies are delightful and displayed with French Country Charm ..  Another hit is the Crows Dairy vendors who bring local goat milk to a fresh tasty level with not only goat cheese but  a sour cream product called Buckeye Breeze,as well a  marvelous Feta  that makes recipes pop.  Stop by if you are near and get a taste of what North Scottsdale has produced.
5	I love that there's a farmer's market on Shea! It's a relatively small farmer's market, but it's new so that's to be expected. They had a nice variety of vendors (fresh fruits and veggies, prepared food, preserved/jarred items, jewelry, live music, and more). I bought some delicious salsa, pomodoro sauce, orange blossom honey and made an amazing fresh bruscetta with local tomatoes and basil. Can't wait to go back!
4	I had a great time talking with local farmers and vendors. Lots of samples to taste and people that are really proud of what they bring to the market. I bought several items from 4 - 5 different vendors and came out with great veggies and meat. There was also a stall selling my favorite La Provence linens. It is a small market with unique and high quality items. Awesome group and will go every week.
4	I had fun walking around this little gem! I read the website so I knew that my dogs were welcome. (They probably had just as much fun as I did). The market is in the same shopping center as Ling and Louie's (one of my favorites). There were two "fresh" produce vendors there. I was hoping for a larger selection as it is billed as a "farmers market'. Things are definitely a little pricier than in a super market... but you definitely get what you pay for. I picked up some fresh local salsa. And a bag of local (Tempe) made cheese curds! All in all its a MUST RECOMMEND!
2	Super disappointed...I thought this was going to be a large farmer's market, definitely not the case. There were about 20 booths, most selling craft type goods, not produce or food. It is located in the parking lot of a strip mall. I wish this market was better because I live so close, but I still ended up at the Old Town Farmers Market to buy my fresh veggies...Maybe it will get bigger as the season progresses...let's hope!
2	I come from back East, where a farmer's market is...a farmer's market. The focus of a farmer's market is mostly food and produce offerings -- and a lot of it -- from local farmers, with perhaps some select flower, crafts, and other tchotchke vendors. This place is in reverse -- this "farmer's market" is nearly all tchotchkes and only two farmers that I saw. I was really disappointed when I arrived. One of the farmers did have some veggies I wanted, but all in all...I was disappointed. The North Scottsdale "Farmers Market" is in a parking lot of a shopping area on the NWC of Shea and the 101, so it doesn't have its own place.
