4	This store has a very organized layout--it was easy to find the different sections!  Their prices are very comparable to Best Buy and other electronics stores.  Some DVDs weren't labeled right though...which isn't necessarily a bad thing considering they were cheaper than was what stated.  Check out was fast--they have so many cashiers and one guy whose only job was to tell the customers which checker was free.
4	I've bought way too many things here.  Some big stuff - Camcorder, camera, I think a TV or something.  But tons of the more "little" stuff - Video games, books about video games (I have a little brother, what can I say), music and DVD's (In one trip I got a Bogey/Bacall, a Gene Kelly and PeeWee's Playhouse Christmas!  That is one stop shopping!).  So yea - it's great and it has tons of stuff.  But sometimes I'm shocked at what they don't have.  I went in January to get a new case for my Zune and they were no where to be found.  They guy at the counter said they should have some soon.  They weren't sold out - they just didn't have any.  I asked about the clear plastic static things that you can get to cover the screens of your phones/ipods/etc to make sure they don't get scratched - and the helpful guys in 3 different "Help areas" had no idea what I was talking about.  Are you serious?They often have amazing selections of stuff, and great deals on refurbished things on a regular basis.  But they either have some quirky buyers or they need a bit of extra training from their customer service group.  Either way - it takes them to 4 stars.  Trying to find a parking spot at Christmas?  Bring your roller blades, a scooter or REALLY comfortable shoes.
4	Oh how many times I have been forced to go to Fry's Electronics with my boyfriend. Let's get this out of the way ...my boyfriend is a computer mastermind. When he is not working as an IT he is fixing one of his friends or family members computer or building one of his own. He LOVES this place which is pretty much reason enough to give it five stars, but because I am me I will give it four. Fry Electronics's is Fry's, yes the grocery store, version of Best Buy or maybe Comp USA. Except Brian, boyfriend, can't find the computer parts he needs at those places so Fry's is better. You won't really find them everywhere in Phoenix. I had never heard of them before Brian, and I don't think there are any In Scottsdale, but if you see one check it out. You will probably find some great deals on movies or cds. Very Organized and great selection of anything you are looking for.
2	Based on my many trips to Frys Electronics, I can tell you that finding help is nearly impossible; nevermind that they have nearly 10 employees per customer. Also, most everything I have purchsed from them is now broken. One in particular cost me over 1k and was dead in about 3 months - no refunds or exchanges, call the manufacturer...Unfortunately, I still go there because they are cheaper then best buy and have more things to choose from. Great for window/idea shopping
3	Fry's is kind of a necessary evil.Besides the internet, where else can you go and select from 120 different pc cases?  Where else can you go to select from 50 different SATA external enclosures?  Nowhere, except Fry's.They literally have everything electronic here, from bulk cables, led's, cat-5 kits, tools, mini motors, toys, games, geek books, tv's, etc.  Everything.Their floor guys have always been fairly helpful to me, but I usually only shop in the computer department.  The line to checkout usually looks sucky buy moves fairly quickly.  I never get bothered by the people who check receipts because I never show mine.  I just simply smile and say "no thanks" and keep walking out the door.... i have never been hassled.
4	As I believe someone else stated, Fry's is a necessary evil. In the world of the internet, the only need for this type of electronics store is to satisfy impatience, an urgent need for an electronic, or the desire for a local return. Otherwise, the internet will always offer a much cheaper electronic.For a B&M, however, Fry's really is an amazing store. They have essentially everything you could possibly need in terms of selection. They also occasionally have awesome sales. That's about it, though.The store is difficult to navigate. Stock is often completely unorganized. Lines can be too long on weekends and evening hours. Salespeople are clueless. This doesn't differ from other electronics stores, though. If you're out for an electronic these days you should absolutely be doing your research online. There is no excuse not to. Walk into Fry's knowing what you're looking for and knowing what is a reasonable price and it will be a great store for you. Otherwise, it could very well be a nightmare. It's much cheaper than Best Buy and has the best electronics selection in the city. They also have $7 HDMI cables. What I do know is that I pity the geek who does not have a Microcenter or Fry's near them. It is with this outlook when one can begin to appreciate Fry's.
2	No regard for customer service, but hey, they had what I needed--old-school PC-TV converter. They seem to live by the motto, if we stock it, they will come. An overwhelming store to try to navigate, and no product help from employees (who are all male, it seems, and attired like Mormon missionaries who don't know what an iron is). If you have any patience, go to the Internet. If not, go to Fry's (for as long as they survive?).
3	Best deals in town! Seems they shop at Best Buy, Target, Walmart, Ultimate Electronics and even Radio Shack. They even have some times better deals than on line!! The place is so big and a bit confusing, but recently they've added more sales persons so you can one of them what you are looking for.
4	Fry's beats the crap out of Best Buy any day of the week.  At Fry's, you're hell of a lot more likely to run into mutants, but that's a risk I'm willing to take.  Their camcorder and digital camera selection is totally awesome.  They have the newest stuff that Best Buy, for some reason, never carries.  At other electronics stores, the best thing you'll see is some P.O.S. HD camcorder for like $900 that really looks no better than your average camcorder.  Fry's, however, has the real shit.  Canons.  The XL2.  An XHA1 on display.  Professional equipment.I spent like a full hour and some change checking out their movie section.  It's massive.  They have so many DVD's that it's kind of on the fringe of ridiculousness.  When you're browsing you'll fully see a movie you vaguely remember as a child.  I can't remember the name of it, but at Fry's I saw that they had this weird movie I saw when I was like five about a babysitter who feeds babies to an evil tree.  Seriously.Remember that scene in Raiders of the Lost Ark when the camera pulls back and shows the ark among an endless series of boxes?  Well, that's what Fry's is a lot like.The place is frantic.  The decor is totally blah and laid out like shit, but to me that sort of adds to its charm.  The lines are set up like you're one of a hundred cattle being lined up to have a metal bolt shot into your skull once that blue light flicks on and a cashier waves for you to come on down.
2	You'll never find a more wretched hive of scum and villainy than Fry's Electronics.Yes, they're often cheaper than Best Buy. Yes, they theoretically have a better selection than Best Buy. But--and this is a huge but--they suck even more than Best Buy.The store's merchandised poorly, organized poorly, and the employees are awkward, useless, and ready to go postal at any moment. Lately Fry's has been eschewing a lot of quality stuff in their core product line to sell crap they mark up more. And then we come to the best feature of Fry's: The Little White Sticker. Shopping at Fry's is a game. You win if you can actually manage to find what you want WITHOUT the Little White Sticker on it. If that Little White Sticker is there, you're buying someone else's returned merchandise. Usually with missing parts, and usually at a discount you can count using pocket change. You will often find the product you want is only available in a previously-abused configuration.True story: They were selling a returned $150 power supply, missing all of its cables, for $149. Bargain of the century!But hey, they're finally taking all 4 major credit cards!
1	Walking into Fry's Electronics is like walking into the Costco in Idiocracy. It's overwhelming on top of being poorly organized which is not a good experience. The labeling and wayfinding is a disaster and when you need to figure out which of the 10 sections something could possibly belong in (but is only in one) you stand in line for ages trying to get some type of assistance.The first time I ever attempted to go there I found some great things, but not at reasonable prices. When I headed to checkout I wanted to scream. What a horrible checkout procedure. The lines are long for not reason other than you have to wait for someone to tell you what line to go to. It's like constantly buying things from Best Buy at Christmas.Recently I've been on the hunt for a backup for my netbook similar to a battery backup you use for travel with a cell phone or laptop. It's been hard to find something with the same tip. My first try, I was directed to two items. I tried one, which was wrong. Today I came back to return it and try again. I was the only person in the return line with four people working and it took me 10 minutes to even be able to speak with an employee. It then took another 10 minutes to return my one item. After that disaster was finally over, I headed to find another replacement. I decided to ask an employee if they knew of any with the small netbook tip. I was directed to the iGos which is what I tried last time. I informed them that I tried a different iGo package last time and the "netbook" tip didn't work. I asked if they knew of anything else. They just looked at me and said "no. do you need help with anything else" as they walked away.I attempted to try the other iGo package they suggested but as I found out when I came home, it once again, does not work. Not that they'd care.I'm sorry. I really hate to give 1's, but I just cannot say one good thing about this store. I've resorted to it a few times since it's close to my house and everyone says it should have all the random odd things I am looking for and at a fairly reasonable price. This has not been my experience at all. In fact, of the 4 times I have been here, I have never walked out a happy customer.
2	I miss Incredible Universe. I gotta put that out there. The building that is now Frys electronics was a place called Incredible Universe, and it was a spectacle to behold. The place was amazing and vibrant, brimming with possibilities of what is and what could be in the tomorrow land we were all looking forward to in the world of electronics. Everything was testable and displays of the amazing technology of the day was available everywhere by friendly cast members. As a consumer, we were ensconced in the world of the future and everything seemed like it was in reach of us all. Here is today and it can be yours. Well, that's how I felt as a high schooler going to shop for Cd's and things there anyway. I don't know if Incredible Universe was profitable, but who gave a shit? I liked that place. And I miss it. That dream is gone. We are left with a carved out sterile version of what was a beautiful store. A haunted wasteland of products available only to those with the strongest constitutions to endure the adversity that is shopping at this place. The staff survives it all with you. I cant blame the staff for being as binary as they can be. The place  seems to be more of a term being served than a workplace or job opprotunity. The holidays are especially painful looking for the staff and I am sure they are spending most of their days remembering times long ago when they enjoyed the holiday season. Before the dark times....before the empire... Going to work must feel like a constant struggle for survival. I feel bad for them come holiday season and I understand if they are not feeling the holiday spirit. anyways, yeah....Frys is the best place to buy batteries and a few things like blank DVDs and such. You can find good deals on the PC games for sure. They are so cheap you cant pass up some of the tittles. It is just not a fun store to negotiate thru. The checkout line feels like a processing line more than anything. "Register number 45 fucker...NEXT!"
1	Fry's is a consistent disappointment.The employees can be helpful and courteous.Two major problems.  Once fixed, I would LOVE this place due to their massive selection.1.  Special signs are placed misleadingly next to similar products with minor differences, while the actual sale product is sitting on a pallet somewhere else in the store.  They hope you won't notice and you'll walk out paying much more.  2.  Their on-line inventory look up has been wrong every time I have used it.  I drive myself over there to find an empty shelf.  I also suspect this is done on purpose, just to get you in the store.
4	This place is SERIOUSLY insane.  It's soo big and spacious - it almost feels as though you are at a circus or an amusement park, especially with the smell of stale popcorn lingering through the air, and the sticky, dull grey floors.   Yes - they sell concessions, and have a daycare - all of which to make your shopping experience more enjoyable.Weird atmosphere and feeling aside - my fiance and I NEVER make it out of here in less than a half hour.  I liken it to my experiences at Ikea. There's just too much too navigate through, too many deals to look at.  They have every electronic you could ever imagine. Computers, DVD's, Cameras...It's like the electronics version of Disneyland.  And their prices are really good too!  Most of the time a lot cheaper than their competitors.  The warehouse feel kind of gives you the vibe that they are selling everything to you at cost (even though you know better and they're not).  Fry's Electronics CAN get crazy busy, especially on the weekends and holidays.  The lines wrap around like the lines at Splash Mountain.  They do have a system and it moves relatively quickly.  They have someone standing at the front of the line - directing people to the appropriate checkout counter (uh yeah - they have like fifty check out counters and for some reason it still doesn't seem like it's enough!)Regardless of the craziness, the lines, and the smell of stale popcorn, Fry's Electronics is a great place to go for your electronics needs!
2	Fry's Electronics is a place I go to in emergencies.  Unfortunately, when something breaks on my computer, it usually takes the whole thing down.  Forget about finding something at a decent price on Egghead and having it there in a couple days; no access to the internet means a trip to Fry's.And a trip to Fry's means finding out that they have everything - except the replacement part you need.  You see, that part, which you installed a year before, is now obsolete, and they don't sell it.  Never mind that millions of people are still using it because most of us can't afford to have bleeding edge technology and upgrade over every miniscule increase in speed or graphic ability, and that you can get it easily from an online store - to Fry's, it's obsolete.  The reason it's obsolete?  Because it's cheaper than the new item that they want you to buy.  The new item that requires buying three or four more new items along with it since your old equipment is not compatible with the new.  In this day and age, no computer means a third to a half of your communication with the outside world, and not to mention access to important parts of your life, is gone.  You're stuck watching as a $50.00 replacement spirals into the $500.00 range.One thing that Fry's teaches you is preventative maintenance.  You learn to make sure you've got some money and that Egghead or Amazon has what you need in store the first time you even hear the slightest rattle or see the slightest flicker.  If not, it's back to Fry's - Virgil greets you at the door, you descend through the rings until, under the beating wings of the Beast himself, you gather everything you need and slowly wind your way through their service line and back to the Purgatory of their parking lot.  And Virgil's tried to sell you a bunch of candy on the way out as well.
2	Meh, what can you say about Fry's...they have a huge selection of products, and that's really the only reason to shop here.  If another place has exactly what you need--go there.  But Fry's is a great place to browse if you're not sure what you need or other places don't have it.  The check-out line is always long (or worse).  Help varies greatly from very useful to completely useless.  If you're going to ask tech questions you have to already kind of know the products so you don't get sucked in by someone that is just spouting BS.  On the other hand they have a few people who really know what they are talking about and are happy to help.The prices here are full retail, sometimes actually even more.  The sales can be useful, but for the most part are just what you'd pay online.  If I know what I want and can wait a day, Amazon Prime almost always is lower cost overall (with shipping).  Newegg kills their prices every time unless they have a major sale.
3	Popped in here to pick up a few things for my camera before my trip to Spain.   After a bit of wandering semi-aimlessly in an attempt to find what I was looking for I finally gave up and found someone to assist me.  [I can be worse than a man sometimes when it comes to asking for directions or assistance.]  I finally found what I needed, plus a few more trinkets and gadgets that at the time I felt I couldn't live without.  But that little LED flashlight keychain came in handy when the electricity went out on us at the hotel in Spain one early evening.  It pays to be prepared....;)
5	First I'd like to say that my expectations of Fry's Electronics are rather low in the area of customer service. But to thwart my low expectations, this particular location has more than a few brainy guys on staff, and it seems as though this Fry's plays to the beat of a different drum. Per capita there are more guys who know what the F. they're doing than not. A strange but comforting trend to find in effect.All of my experiences at this particular location have been uncommonly good. Needless to say we're talking about a gargantuan store. Where there may be a mile between you and the next human being at any given time. Despite these physical limitations. This store has felt amazingly like a small small world when I've been in attendance. In that, when I was looking for answers I got them. In closing if you're looking for something here you'll probably leave happy. With a little less money in your pocket. . So feast away technocrats and tinkerers alike, and be glad you were shopping at the Fry's Electronics in Tempe Arizona.
3	I remember an article on Salon.com about 15 years ago describing the customer's relationship with Fry's as essentially sado-masochistic. Fry's (at least in the Bay Area where Salon was/is based) hurt their customers, and their customers loved that in some way.Sick.But kinda true.You know you are wasting your money buying that blu-ray drive for $12. You know it's going to be a piece of crap. Oh, and it might cause your entire system board to short out. You know you are a cheap-ass and an exploiter called by siren song of cheap hardware, the little street dandies beckoning you from darkened alleys. So when you take one home and she gives you a little extra to remember her by, you got what you deserved. Reprobate.So that's the angle at Fry's. You can't resist the lures of those acres and acres of obscure little electronic do-dads, the vast selections of keyboards, the specials on monitors, motherboards, CPU's, memory, and entire systems. Oh, and pick up some SNACKS on your way out through the labyrinthine checkout process. More to feed your little erotic desires for useless crap.Cheap, cheap, cheap. You dirty slut. You want the cheap stuff, don't you? Everything about your experience at Fry's will remind you of what a bad, naughty, nasty boy (or girl) you are. Bottom-feeder.When you try to bring it back they will treat you like you are trying return an unsatisfactory lay from a $10 hooker. But you'll suffer that, and more. And you will be back.That's the appeal of Fry's Electronics.
2	I have two words for this store. GHE-TTO! I really don't know what has happened to this section of Tempe over the last few years, but its become a tad rundown. The only reason I even gave this store two stars instead of one is because they recently renovated the inside of the store, and it does look a lot better. Before it looked like somebody threw a bunch of odds and ends together in an empty where-house and called it an electronics store. But since the remodel they have updated the layout so that it actually make sense now. The floors are all new. It just looks nicer when you walk in than it used to. So props for that. Props for nothing else though. There are always about 100 employees hanging around the store talking to each other. And they are either following you around, or avoiding you. I have had both happen to me. I was walking around in the kitchen section one time waiting for my husband to be done with the computer section, and I had a male employee follow me up and down the isles until he caught up with me. I was avoiding you for a reason, creeper!! Most of the time though my husband wants to ask a question about something or try to find where a specific item is located, and either nobody makes eye contact with us to help us, or they have no clue what we are even talking about. Really? You work in an electronic store and you have no idea what a sled is? Its pathetic really. The only reason we keep coming here is because my husband likes to wander around for hours at a time. If you have a choice, go to the location located in west Phoenix instead. It is WAY nicer and cleaner, and the people who work there actually know their shit. And BTW, what the fuck is up with the receipt checkers? This isn't Costco! I am not obligated in any way to show you what I purchased. I usually hide all of my stuff in my gigantic purse so I don't have to show these jerk offs my receipts on my way out.
3	frys does have a great selection of most things you would expect from an electronic store.   The lines are long waiting to check out on some days, and they could use more people at the registers (46 registers, and 4 employes on them--waiting in line for 1 item 10 min).  Prices seem to be on par with other places and online.
3	Great for the boys, can get real boring for the girls. But, if you have one of those husbands/boyfriends that you can't get to go shopping anywhere else, tell them you'll go here first if they'll go with you afterwards to your "shopping" place. Works for me!! hehehehe ;)
3	fry's has some of the most amazingly odd things on earth. they also have some outrageously low prices. but they are typically staffed by weird mutant people, who can't ever seem to answer a question. Also they stores are just kind of strange.. like what's up with the new Golf Course theme? It's just..really odd..
2	I used the car stereo installation service.  First - while there are many (many) sales people in the store, there is only one guy installing stereos in the service bay.  This means, that things take time....  The first trip - the stereo was installed, but the steering wheel controls didn't - and asked to return when the supervisor was there to look at this.  Second trip - supervisor was no where around - took a while to find him - and he had to take the controls home to program them, as Fry's does not have allow them to connect items by USB to the store's computers (how ironic is this for a computer store?).  Third time, they had to adjust the settings on the steering controller for them to work correctly.  All in all - go somewhere that does more work and has more personnel.
2	Last night I took time out of my evening to drop in Fry's Electronics on Baseline to LOOK at some cameras. I've done a lot of research online but I can't get a couple questions answered without handling the merchandise.  I went here because they have an above average selection of cameras.  Unfortunately less than half of them had power to check and find out what I want to know.  Not one single Nikon camera in my price range had power.  What the heck!  The ONLY REASON I went here was to see, touch, experience the cameras.  It's the ONLY REASON I couldn't do everything online.  I was very disappointed with Fry's last night.  It had been a couple years since I was in that store.  It will probably be many more years before I visit them again.PS. They now price match all online pricing.  That's cool, still it's less convenient than shopping at home in my jammies!
5	The place to go when you need any electronics or anything related to appliances or even just to find another school equipments. They offer the best price in the valley and their sales are always great. I am a happy girl everytime I walk out from this store.
3	Very diverse and wide selection of electronics, and electronics parts.  They also have DVDs, CDs, and electronics accessories.  The salesmen can be pushy if they think you are a potential buyer in certain areas such as the laptop area, due to salaries being based solely on commission, but other times it can be downright impossible to actually get someone to help you out unless you stalk and hunt a salesperson down.  Oftentimes you will see a great deal on an item, only to go to the store to find that it's not available.
3	Well,...I used to like this place much better before it became golf land. I REALLY don't understand the new look of the place. I didn't used to particularly like coming here because of it's massive size and ability to make a 5 minutes trip turn into a 30 minutes trip, however the new design has added to my restrain to visiting.This is still a great place to get good deals on some electronics. You just have to deal with the crowds, the line, and the golf theme.
5	I have shopped at Fry's Electronics on several occastions but recenlty had to deal with returning an item to their store.  I had purchased a TV that was defective.  The manufacturer suggested I return it to Frys.  When I got to the store, I had somehow lost my receipt.  No problem....they looked me up in the computer.  They got a brand new TV from the back and actually tested it in store before giving it to me to take home!!  I have never had an electronics store do that before.  They returned my damaged TV and I had forgotten to bring back the remote control.  Again, no problem...they took the remote control out of the new TV box and completed my transaction.  I would definitly recommend them and will be shopping there more often!
1	Average prices, cheap products.  Probably the only reason I was able to return a defective ink cartridge was because I am an attorney and I did not give up when the manager told me it was impossible because it had been opened.  How else was I going to find out that it was defective, esp?
3	I finally popped the question tonight and asked my boyfriend if he would do me the honor of considering building a computer with me. He said YES!Well we really went here to look for a headset for a home office, similar to the ones they use for a call center. Where are all of the people they show pictures of that are supposed to be working those aisles? Hiding?? There was no one to be found. One friendly associate pointed us in the right direction but when we got there we found that it was not what we were looking for. There was an employee that was talking to another customer at the end of the aisle. Okay, let's ask him; only after hearing what we needed, he sent us down the same aisle we had been looking down and they were headsets for cell phone use. So he either A) did not listen to what we needed or B) has the complete wrong idea about headsets in general. Fry's is like this mecca for geeks myself included, but NEVER EVER go here expecting for the employees to know what they are talking about. I will assume there might be some but they are few and far between. Does anyone who work here actually know anything about electronics or do they just work here because they got the job? Another time we went here looking for computer fans; "Hey do you have any opinions on which is the best one?" "Uhh, I don't know let's see this one has two fans but wait this one has more than that one, there's three."(cue his eyebrows raising rapidly up and down that was so comical, the only thing missing was the cartoon noises)  HUH? Just ignore until they walk away and then pull out the smartphone and scan the barcode to quickly bring up the product on Amazon to look up reviews, repeat until you have the best one.Then after headset guy's lackluster performance he had the nerve to say, "hey if you find something come find me because I work off of commission."  HELLL NO I'm not going to come find you so you can get credit for a poor job well done. Other than that gross experience I really feel like a kid in a candy shop when I am here. There is something for everyone to look at. There is toys, a big magazine collection (with every photography, computer, gaming, etc magazines you could be looking for including 2600: The Hacker Quarterly for those who are interested). I even picked up a copy of Fangoria. If you need to price match, it is done in the area where you picked the product from. You will only waste your time if you wait in the customer service line as it is not done there. When you get too tired there is always the cafe where you can tell your technological tales of woe to one another.
4	When am i not here? This is my nerdy boyfriends:) go to place for parts, so we're always here shopping and browsing. They have everything needed for building a computer, movies, music, electric stuff, software.. and pelican luggage.. which is what our last visit was for. I just hate the sometimes long line that seems never ending...
3	There's two Fry's in town.  One's a market and one's this electronics place.I came here looking for a hard drive enclosure.  The place is a freaking maze of aisles that are not labeled very well, and customer service people are a bit sparse on the floor.  I eventually found what I was looking for after walking around for about 20 minutes.  When I got it home, I found that the item was obviously already bought by someone else and returned.  Whoever it was who had the enclosure last stripped one of the damned screws on it.  By the time I had figured this out, the store was closed and I didn't want to wait another day to return it and find something else wrong with the next one. . .After a generous amount of tinkering, I was able to remove the stripped screw and got the enclosure to work, thereby enabling me to rescue by old hard drive from my crippled, overheating tower that I built in 2005.No, I'm not a fan, but I'm fairly confident that if I'm looking for something in the electronics/computer department, I'll find it here.  I'm docking stars because they obviously don't check their items well when returning them to the shelves after a return.  I suggest that when you buy something here, check it VERY WELL before you complete your purchase.  You're taking your chances otherwise. . .
2	This place is huge.  Huge in a "If we ain't got it, you don't need it" kind of way.  Almost like walking into some kind of high-tech flea market.I went to Fry's looking to upgrade the RAM in my Mac from 2GB to 4GB.  The parking lot was a mess; people parking any and every way they could (you could barely see the lines anyway- it needs to be repainted at the very least).  Carts were left everywhere- one of my pet peeves, though it says more about their clientele than it does the store.Anyway, I walked in, an employee gave me the standard 'hi' as I walked in, and that was about it. I wandered around a bit until I finally found the area I was looking for.  The staff there were quick to help me find the right SKU, and printed up a slip for me to bring to the checkout.A little more wandering around and I began to notice the golf motif, and wondered if the store used to be a Golf Galaxy or something.  I finally found my way to the checkouts, and just remember thinking, "would it kill most of these people to crack the slightest smile?"Check out, go down a hall where two people are standing to check your receipt, I ask them what the store used to be, they tell me that it's always been a Fry's, they just put in all of the golf-themed tile and wall decorations during a redesign.  Okay...I walk out wondering what golf has to do with electronics, and notice some other lazy-assed customer left their shopping cart directly in front of my car instead of walking the two whole spots to put it in the cart return.In summary, they have everything you need electronics-wise (and a whole lot of stuff that has absolutely nothing to do with electronics), the prices are bargain-basement low, many of the employees would just as soon not interact with you if they could help it (and could be replaced by androids with no discernible difference to the customer), and a higher than average percentage of their customers are the selfish/lazy type that ruin it for everyone else.  Not a fan of Yelp's star descriptions; it's not a 1-star, but it's not a 2-star either.  Probably more like a 1.5, or 3 out of 10.I'll go again, but only if I need something I can't find at Best Buy.
3	I love this place. It is like a Best Buy after a nuclear war. It is too big, too cluttered. Nothing looks clean. The staff doesn't offer to help unless you beg them for some attention.But it has everything.And that is what I want.Everything.
1	OK, let me first state that I shop here often, they have lots of my hard earned dollars over the years. They have a lot more to offer consumers than most electronic stores. My last visit on Saturday October 15th, 2011, I was interested in purchasing a product that would a) wirelessly transfer content from my PC to my HDTV or b) wirelessly transfer content from the internet to my HDTV. I spoke to a sale rep in the TV section about the Logitech Revue. When I asked him if he knew anything about the product, how it worked, performance, etc he said he knew nothing. I asked if he could refer me to someone who did, he then went on to say all you have to do is hook it up to your TV and proceeded to walked away. NOT MUCH HELP HERE...So I decided I would visit the computer section in the store.  I asked a sales rep about the capability of my computer that I purchased at Fry's about 4-months ago. He proceeded to check the Sony laptop specs on the Fry's website; however the computer I purchased from Fry's about 4-months ago was not listed as an item they sell anymore. What gives?? After some prompting I was able to get him to look on the Sony website where he reviewed the specs and said that a Push2TV type product would be able to wirelessly send my PC content to my HDTV. When I asked where I could find these products I was expecting him to show me personally where they are located and possibly give me more information about each. Instead he pointed to a corner in the store to make my way to without any further assistance. WHAT GIVES??After much deliberation and very little direction from Fry's sales staff I decided to purchase the Logitech Revue simply because it appeared to be the easiest of all products to access the web, Netflix, etc. While still looking around I came across the Roku unit in the PC parts location of the store. I was looking over their display and another customer approached and also began to look over the product. I asked him if he knew anything about the Roku, he went on to say he had tried it and returned it earlier and decided to try the Sony TV box. I went on to comment I wish the sales staff at Fry's was more helpful and he too stated he received no help when asking about these products as well from the Fry's sales staff.So, not a good experience at all. VERY Disappointing when compared to Best Buys sales staff that have always sought me out and took plenty of time answering my questions which allowed me to make a better informed purchasing decision.BEST BUY here I come!!!!!!!!UPDATE: After reviewing the Logitech Revue installation instructions at home and calling Logitech I determined this product lacks the capability of connecting to Hulu, the big boy networks of ABC, CBS, NBC, etc. therefore I returned it to fry's for a refund. Sure would have been nice to know these limitations on the front end. YOU GOTTA BE KIDDING!!!!Again, BEST BUY will get my business!!!
1	They have a lot of stuff, but it's all super-specialized. I've never walked in there and come out with what I wanted. The customer service is lacking - not because the staff don't try to help you, but because they aren't equipped to answer any of my questions! Theyre all super specialized as well and rarely can they even direct me to the right place in the store.
1	Every time I shop at frys, they are able to disappoint me further. From the bad advice the sales people give, to being the most un-helpful place on earth, I will never walk into a frys again. The last straw, I was given a gift gard that I used once, it had something left on it but I wasn't sure. Went to the store, asked three people how I can check the balance (after having interrupted their conversation on a video game and being eye'd to death) finally someone said to go to the register and I could just walk up and skip the line. It happened to be on the opposite side of the store. Went to the closest register, waited for that person to finish so I could slip in undetected, he took my card, tried to swipe it and it error'd. He walked away and the next people in line came up looking at me like I was an AH for skipping the line. I said sorry I just wanted to check my card balance, they eye'd me without a word went back to waiting for the clerk. Clerk came back, unable to figure it out, handed me my card back and said I would have to wait for someone else to check it. Said no thanks and threw it in the trash. Last straw for this horrible place to shop. Not to mention the isles are always trashed like a hurricane whipped through and they are out of anything I ever need.
3	This place has okay prices but they also have hundreds of salesmen hawking you. They also have a pretty good selection but the store seems unorganized and I feel like I have a hard time finding things in here. I've also heard that they price match as well.
1	The three hour tour. I vow to never shop at this store ever again as there customer service is on par with the Department of Motor Vehicles. Last Sunday I called to verify the price of an item, a iPod Touch 8GB, and to also verify that it had a $50 gift card. Specifically asked if it was a gift card or a Fry's card and the girl told me it was a Fry's Card. So I spent an hour loading up my cart with items to pay and pick up at the store.  Shopping cart won't work - I keep getting an error. Call the store and explain and the gal does it on her computer so I recite the 10 items and item numbers. She says "Oh I got an error." Yea...well just like me. She does it again from the beginning...error again. Goes to get a supervisor and we go through the whole dog and pony show again...twice. Same result error. They tell me that they will go and get all of the items together and put them on will call and I can come pay at the store. They will call me when ready. No one ever calls. I call the next morning to see what happened. Talked to the specific super from the day before, says sorry about the call, but yes all items are on will call. I ask if at same price and deals and am told yes. Drive my happy a$$ all the way across town and guess what...yea, nothing on will call. Wait 20 minutes and the box comes up. Agent tells me that not all items are on the same price. Ugghh..specifically asked that in my call. Goes to talk to someone and 10 minutes later comes back and says no. Fine leave that item out. Rings it up and I ask about the gift card...yea you guessed it "What gift card." Same fire drill and I explain it all again in detail to him and gave the guys name I talked to on the phone. 10 more minutes a supervisor comes over and asks. Have to repeat the same story AGAIN. Growing impatient as this deal is narrowing on 2 3/4 hours in total plus a 25 minute drive here and back. 15 more minutes of waiting and I tell the Agent, "Dude this is just taking too long. Just take out the iPod Touch and I'll pay for the rest and go. Guy gets nervous and says ok just a minute AND LEAVES. A "manager" came over a few minutes later. This is when it goes over the top. This stocky bald headed white guy approaches me and get this...he puffs up and says to me "Is there a problem here?" Are you friggin' kidding me! Well yea, with your arrogant and aggressive puff up and comment, well yea there was an issue and now it is a problem. This from a "Manager" no less. I geared for a comment, but then bit my lip and just said, "You know what, this process has been far too painful and I just want to go now, so take the item off so I can leave." This arrogant tool, gives me the passive-aggressive mean spirited "Just trying to help" line before turning away. His arrogance was almost like he was happy he won this apparent battle in his mind's eye. Ridiculous! Yea you won...you won me spending my $400.00 using Amazon Prime" you idiot. One last SNAFU for me was when the supervisor comes back and hands me a VOID receipt...yea you guessed it again, he voided the entire order and not just the iPod Touch taken off as I requested (all in front of the "Manager" too I might add). Walked out completely empty handed and drove home.  The three hour tour. I vow to never shop at this store ever again as there customer service is on par with the Department of Motor Vehicles.
5	The best thing about Fry's, is not only their incredible selection of products, but the fact that they price match. I just bought a tripod from here about a few days ago, when, today, my husband just happened to find the exact same tripod on amazon for like 15 dollars cheaper. So, he printed out the amazon add, took it to Fry's, not only did we get the 15 bucks back, but also 10% more off the price for having found a cheaper price elsewhere. Not bad! We got about $30 back altogether.....that makes me a fan!
3	I dont usually feel compelled to yelp out businesses unless they are either beyond amazing or downright pitiful.  This store falls in the latter of the 2....due to their NONEXISTANT customer service.  When you do finally track down an employee (they drug test, i was surprised) they have ZERO knowledge about products or where they are in the store.  The selection however is amazing as is their prices on most products.
1	Went in to fry's today to buy a new office computer.  Did not need any bells and whistles, and told the salesman that.  He proceeded to sell us into 4 different computers, that were not in stock.  Finally we settled on a computer, and specifically asked, Does this computer have office?  he replied, yes it comes with Microsoft Work and Excel.After going back to our office and setting it up, the computer does not have office.  When we call into Fry's to talk to them they passed us along to different managers to delay resolving our issues.Not a pleasant experience, and will not be a return customer.
2	Can't say I've ever had a great experience here, but they have a good selection and fair pricing so I put up with their crappy service and the occasional returned item.
2	I have been in this store many times over since it opened, after it was - Universe something or another, I don't remember.  I will completely, totally and apologetically agree that the customer service here falls into a realm of categories: non-existent; pathetic; appalling; outrageous; lethargic; well I could go on but you get the picture.I was there, again, today.  As with Walmart, a place I love to hate but still keep going, I won't completely ban the place.  There are sometimes some deals there that I can't pass up or - since I live all of  2 miles away from it - it's just more convenient than going anywhere else.Okay.  Today's event.  I went in there the day after Black Friday of 2011 (not too terribly long ago) - well I was THERE on Black Friday, at midnight - OMG - another story entirely (guessing at least 2,000 people in line to get into that place) to get a Verizon mobile broadband device/service contract.  I do not have a Verizon phone excepting my company paid-for phone.  I had just bought a laptop on Black Friday - at Walmart - how can you be at 2 places at the same time, you ask?  I sent my son to the Walmart midnight event and I waited at the Fry's midnight event is how, and we were communicating with each on the phone.  Anyway, I scored a very nice HP laptop - through my son's presence.  I am going to start going up north this coming summer on a property up there in a RV trailer I bought recently and yes, I want internet service up there - just can't live without the internet, I guess.Anyway, the device worked great for the first month or so.  It then started pooping out on me and I called Verizon who said I needed a new simm card in the thing.  Take it back to where you bought it or take it to any authorized Verizon dealer.  Okay.  Put it off for a while, but finally, after trying to get on the net today, I caved in.  Went into the store and here is where it gets - pathetic.  I walk up to the line of cell phones which is also where you will get a mobile broadband device and saw 3 floor sales associates standing there, yacking away, completely ignoring customers.  Well, I didn't want to interrupt their party, so I just stood there and stared at them.  They looked up at me with an uninterested look on their face, continuing on with their gossip or whatever they were yacking about.  They must be paid by the hour only, because they certainly do not seem much interested in actually making a SALE, which is what I would presume that company is in business to do - make a profit.  Well, I just continued to wait.  Finally, a young man approached me and asked me what I wanted.  Lol.  It wasn't: "How may I help you", it was more in the realm of "do you need something" - the look on his face spoke volumes, I had obviously interrupted their talk session and he wasn't pleased with it. Yes, I proceeded to tell him the story I got from Verizon.  He replied that they cannot do that here - replace that simm card that is.  Why not? I asked.  Because we are not an authorized Verizon dealer.  Ohhhhhhh? I replied.  How can you sell Verizon phones and Verizon service contracts and not be an authorized dealer?  I just didn't know, is the point, maybe they aren't and he could explain it to me.  "Because we AREN'T", was his curt and short reply, attitude all over his face and the body gestures to back it up.  Wow, I thought, how does this guy work here? Oh, my mind answered me: its' FRY'S ELECTRONICS!!  ROFL!!!  I asked again, the same question.  Another curt, short reply from him and obviously increasingly irritating him.  It was a simple question and to me, quite valid, especially after Verizon told me that yes, they would be able to do that.  No, we just can't do that here.  His attitude continued to the point that I was offended.  He stated that I had "bared my teeth at him" and that "I am not a dog and do not like being treated that way".  Wowsa.  Okay, dude, let's take this to the next level: I would like to speak to your manager.  I turned toward the counter where they take you to sign up for service.  No, he replies, management is over THERE - pointing towards the entrance where there are several kiosks set up for customer service, presumably people returning merchandise.  No, I said, your management is over THERE.  Well, he replies, I am taking you over there.  I ask him again about the authorized versus non-authorized and he states that I asked for a manager and that he doesn't want to discuss with me anything further.  Another WOW!! The way he said and the fact that he said anything like that at all!!...................run out of words for this, sorry for so long-winded, but some things need to be spelled out in full and I believe THIS is definitely one of them, will finish in an 'update'.
3	All I can say is when  you need something out of the ordinary most of the time this is the place to go but the you are going to steal something on the way out of here attitude just rubs me the wrong way.
2	Finishing this review:So, we start walking over to the Kiosks near the front of the store to speak with a manager.  It was THEN that he finally started mouthing off about why they couldn't replaced the simm card in my mobile broadband device, yada yada yada.  I interrupted him.  You told me you didn't want to speak to anymore, I said, therefore, I don't want you talking to me, either.  He continued on.  I said the same thing.  We got up to the kiosk and he then threatened to have security physically remove me from the store because I told him I didn't want to hear his voice anymore!  It's kind of funny, from one angle, outrageous from another.Well, he stated that junk RIGHT in front of a supervisor and a couple of other employees there.  The supervisor was shocked.  I wasn't angry, throwing a temper tantrum, mouthing off, or otherwise acting the same way HE was acting towards me.  So, she asked what was wrong, which is when I politely asked for higher level management to come out.  She disappears and comes back about 5 minutes later. The manager comes out, walks right past me but apologizes for his employee's demeanor, takes the employee off to the side and they have a long talk.  He sends the employee back to his work station, apparently to abuse more customers, who knows.  He comes up to me and profusely apologizes for his employee's actions and instead of going into that junk, I just asked if the simm card would be replaced, even though that salesman told me they couldn't and they wouldn't.  Well, turns out that yes, we went up to the counter that I had originally pointed at and lo and behold, they had a whole STACK of Verizon simm cards.  The manager gave me it for free, though the things only cost $3 anyway.  I gave this store a 2 instead of a 1 because at least management heard what the employee had stated and actually did something about it.  I have had other encounters with lethargic, uninterested employees there in the past as well, though nothing like this.  Basically, if you don't have to ask an employee for help, you are definitely better of not doing so, lol.  Not that they are ALL like that, of course.  I am not banning this store, but it is certainly down there on my list of places to go to get any given thing if there are better options available somewhere else.
4	Yeah, its like a warehouse, but thats how you gotta be if youre going to keep your prices as low as they do.  Found out on my last visit that they will match competitors internet prices as well.  They have lots of harder to find computer components as well that you just cant find at places like best buy
1	This place stands out as the worst experience I have EVER had at a retail establishment. Customer service was terrible, and insulting! Even the employees were shocked at the poor quality of the management as several customer were belittled in the return line. We all have had that impulsive buy. You know,  where you buy something in addition to what you really came to the store for? For me, It was a cheap chinese remote control helicopter. I came to the store for an external hard drive, but i thought i'd try it out. The thing never even left the ground. 2 days later, I came back to return it and I see another gentleman waiting in line with the SAME PRODUCT. We kind of smile at each other, but stand in line silently. 2 1/2 hours later, the department manager shows up, and will not accept either of our returns. $50, down the drain. Having someone in the same situation, I worked up enough courage to loudly state "why won't you accept this return? Its just the way I bought it. All you have to do is say you don't believe in customer service. Because thats the real reason". The manager walked off waving his hands which started to the others in line to shout at him too. Walking into this sort of establishment reminded me of those post-apocalyptic movies where people are waiting in line for food from a tyrannical government who denies the people any courtesy. hands down, the worst experience I have ever had.
3	The greeters are very friendly and nice as you enter the store. I noticed the different sections of the store are managed by certain people via photos and tags on the isles, but I visited late at night and there weren't many people around. The prices are much higher than online stores like Amazon.
2	I came here in search of a new laptop because they have the best selection of computers in-store that I've found.  I asked the first salesperson his opinion of two different laptops that I was considering; he was pretty knowledgable about the products and was able to answer all the questions I had.  However I was not familiar with the brand that he recommended so I said I would be back; I wanted to walk around the store and spend some time looking up reviews on the product online. After about ten to fifteen minutes later, I returned to the computer area and asked a few more questions to a different employee. I decided on one of the models and told him I wanted to purchase it.  Thats when things turned ugly.Sales rep #2 goes into the back to find the machine and salesman #1 comes back with it, pretty upset.  He asks who I think helped me out more because they work off commission and they both want it.  It was really awkward and VERY UNPROFESSIONAL!!  I told him that they need to leave me out of it and figure it out by themselves, to which he says that he'll be back and that he's going to make his manager split the commission. I feel bad that I didnt realize they work off commission and didn't mean to screw anyone over, but this is definatly not the kind of conversation an employee should be having with a paying customer.  In the end I guess #1 won the battle and he walked me up to the counter with the computer.  The whole time we were walking to the front, he kept going on about the commission and how he cant trust his fellow employees.  In hind sight I shouldn't have purchased it there, I should have just walked out.
2	I love Fry's. I really do. Way better then Best Buy for so many reasons. I can spend hours in the store and I'm not even that big of a nerd. Started my trip tonight by looking at video games. Almost bought one, but I decided not to. I was here for a reason. Next stop is car stereos. I've been wanting a new one with an aux connection. Now they have aux connections and usb in stereos? Amazing! Where have I been? Took about 15 minutes for someone to come and assist me with looking at the car stereos and tell me which one would work best. I know these employees have to make commission, but I was impressed that he did not try to sell me something I didn't need or want. He actually recommended a very low cost stereo for me.  Satisfied. Next, networking. I needed a few items. I needed a wireless router. Well I was told by a friend beforehand which router I should get  (I sure love knowing lots of nerds). This guy is trying to sell me something else that is $40 more. I live in a fairly small house. I'm typically in the living room. I have no need for a huge router. Then he tries to sell me another brand, because its sells more. He couldn't explain to me why it is better, it has the same specs, its just a better seller. Then he starts to tell me about his at home. Still can't explain why it could be better. Ok, no thanks, I will stick with the one that has already been recommended to me by someone who knows what they are talking about. Next, I need a cord. A VGA to a RGB with audio. He starts searching in a bunch of aisles, asking other people for help. He can't find it. I show him a link and picture from their website, searches some more. Nope, not happening.  Asks me if I've looked in some other part of the store. No, I haven't. Maybe he should help me with that. Probably not.  Next, I would like an external hard drive. Simple enough. Ok. go over there. Starts showing me one that is $170. Its 500 gigs. Well, look, there's the same brand, same gigs for $100, just smaller, thinner, cuter. What's different mister employee? Why such a price difference. He has no idea. Whatever, I will just pick this one. His answer to almost everything is that I can return it if I need to. Why should I have to waste my time bringing something back and returning it? Shouldn't I just get the right answers right now? Ok, I'm done shopping. I could spend more in this wonderful store, but I should be getting home. He brings me up front to check out, and so I don't have to wait in line. He's gonna make sure he gets his commission and no one else tries to take it. Almost done checking out when another employee, obviously a friend of his walks up and starts laughing about selling something. It sounds as if they are mocking a customer for buying something ridiculous and overpriced perhaps. They are talking about the money they are making and how cute the lady customer was. They walk away, I mention to the cashier how rude, inappropriate and unprofessional all that was to do in front of a customer. She didn't give 2 shits what I had to say either. I will return, because it is one of the most amazing places ever, however, beware of the employees. They suck. They are commissioned. They will try to sell you things you don't need, don't want and are too pricey. Try and go in there knowing what you want already. You won't get very good answers because the employees have no idea what they are talking about. I'm hoping you will  have a nerdy friend. Do research online first, ask a friend, or shop somewhere else if you truly have no idea.
1	Frys is probably the only time i would ever say to NOT support a local store. Go to Best Buy or just order it on Amazon. Way less hassle and better quality goods.
4	What a store! I've never actually been in a Fry's until the other day and they have EVERYTHING! Books, music, video games, washing machines, tvs, everything. It's like the Walmart version of Best Buy.
3	This place is suppose to have everything for electronics....?  Twice now they failed to have what I was looking for. The first time it was memory for my mac that needed to be upgraded, then they didn't have the camera lenses for my security camera.  I am pretty annoyed at Frys.
1	this was 1 of the rare times I went to frys. I walked around the whole store, and was only greeted by a dude in appliances. I wasn't going to buy anything big, but I was still going to buy some stuff. then when I went to the checkout line and it was literally over 30 people ahead of me- on a wednesday afternoon- I decided it was time to leave empty handed. as sonny carolla would say " it's just a waste of my time"
2	This place is huge.  I came up to the store from Tucson.  The store has lots and lots of employee's but only a few of them seemed interested in helping us.  Great selection of everything with retail prices comparable to Amazon.  The soda machines were out of almost everything witch may be unforgivable in Tempe heat.  Parking is more than ample.
3	The store is enormous & the selection of merchandise is incredible. There is adequate staff to assist you promptly, however finding an employee who is knowledgeable about their items can be hit or miss. I had to be helped by 2 different employees while selecting a gps. The first guy clearly did not know much about them and could not answer my questions. He ultimately gave up and simply said "let me know if you find something." The second guy knew a lot more about the gps units, was able to answer my questions, and led me to my purchase. I would shop there again, but be prepared to do your own research on products if the staff can't answer your questions.
3	They sell all sorts of "stuff" here.  Computers, toys, networking equipment, appliances, and pieces to put together PCs and such.I don't think I'd buy appliances here, nor a computer (I prefer customizing mine online), but things like hard drives and routers I would buy here.This occasion we bought some Earth, Wind & Fire CDs because Earth, Wind & Fire were here signing autographs!  That was very cool.
1	If they had 0 stars, that'd be my rating. 46 check out lanes and 3 people working with a line 14 customers deep. On my lunch break I went to buy an iPhone carCharger, nobody helped me and the check out was confusing - its not the "service lanes when you enter the store" that would be too easy. You have I walk to the food section and enter. Long, winding check out lane. I waited 20 minutes and gave up- went to Apple store and the same item was cheaper and the customer service was amazing! Thank God we don't have Frus on te east coast!
2	HUGE, good for the do-it-yourself type of person, and priced better than other brick-and-mortar electronics stores.If you're looking to be educated while making a decision on a TV, computer, or appliance, go somewhere else or research online for your education. Come here once you know exactly what you want, but make sure they can verify the item is in stock.In my experience, service is unfriendly or fake-friendly. The store can be a mess, so expect to spend 2 or 3 times the amount of time you anticipated to try and find something. Since they have so much selection on some products, if you found the product on their website, verify the price and item number precisely when you finally find what you are looking for in the store.Checkout line system is annoying; if you on the wrong side of the entrance you have walk halfway across the store to get to the entrance. Then if the line is empty you have to walk the same distance again just to get to someone who has the most important job of all: tell you it is okay to go to an open register. Even though they have like 50 checkout registers, only 2 will be open. If the store is busy, they will have more open, but it will still take at least 15 minutes of waiting in line.After your purchase, make sure you keep your receipt out so the people at the door can make sure you didn't steal stuff.If I need a quick part for a repair or a cheap cable or accessory, I will come here. If I have researched what I want and know I can get it at about the same price here, I'd rather come here in the case of a defect in the product.
3	Good selection of electronic stuff but watch out for their internet-matching price policy. Apparently they will only match Amazon prices for stuff sold directly by Amazon, not affiliate sites. Sorry, but $8 with free shipping is still a better deal than $59.99, even if I have to wait a few days for delivery.
3	I have a love/hate relationship with Fry's Electronics.  The geek goddess in me loves it.  It has everything geeky or techie that you could ever need.  All kinds of computer parts?  Check.  Season 6 of Star Trek on DVD?  Check.  Tech toys like chemistry kits, science labs, astronomy kits, Tinker toys?  Check.  Assorted large and small appliances?  Check? Sound systems and speakers?  Check. 'Spatula Enthusiast' magazine, Issue 133, Vol. 6?  Check.  Newest World of Warcraft Expansion Pack?  Check.Freeze dried ice cream?  Check.As Seen On TV merchandise?   Check.What I HATE about Fry's Electronics is that the help is utterly clueless.   Going there and trying to get any help that knows anything about anything is so frustrating it makes me want to punt a kitten.  (Not really, I actually looove animals...figure of speech and all.  Please don't call Sheriff Joe's animal posse on me.)The answer to that problem?  ONLY come here if you already know what you want, EXACTLY.  Then, unless you can't navigate the dizzying maze of half stocked shelves and larger than life golf themed displays (Golf...really? WTF?) you'll still be forced to ask one of the worthless, necktie wearing donkeys where something is located.  Good luck with that.  :/  It seems that Fry's store is big enough to have one of each item and in each color, hard drive size, length, speed, etc.  But that is simply NOT the case.  Their ordering is obviously done by a schizophrenic man (with one eye) who only works part time.  It's hit or miss if you'll find what you need when you go, but you may find something *close* to what you wanted...  Hope you get lucky and what you needed is actually on the shelf that day (or that the worthless necktie wearing tits can help you locate it) otherwise I hope that 'close enough' is good enough for you.I can't really speak to competitive pricing because I usually go here when I need something that some place else isn't likely to carry.  But, I did just happen to get a graphing calculator for my teenage daughter for $109.00 and I *know* I could have picked up the exact same one at WalMart for about $89.00 if I had ordered it Site To Store, but I needed to get it that same day, and couldn't wait 24 hours for WalMart to order it for me.Aside from those small complaints, and the ridiculously oversized check out area (50 registers and only two to four open at any given time) I actually DO like Fry's.In fact, my whole family refers to Fry's Electronics as 'Donkey Island' from Pinocchio.Indeed it is...  It has all the wicked, yet oh-so alluring temptations that I must resist buying, and it is utterly populated with ignorant jackasses.
1	Why do I torture myself by coming to this store?  Why?!?!  I came to Fry's looking for a 16gb ipod nano.  There were two different colors out on display with prices listed.  I asked the employee if they had any additional colors, and he tells me that they don't have any actual ipods to sell.  Apparently there is a new version of the nano coming out, so they got rid of the other models.  Okay......well the new ones aren't out yet, and there are ones on display.....why are they on display if you aren't selling them?!?!  Am I crazy?
1	I swear if there is less than one star I wouldn't hesitate to give them. Worst costumer service and after purchased service. I bought a loptop for $1200 and a 300$ on top for warranty and every time I go to fix it they never cover it. You also have to wait 2 hours in the technical support line before anyone would talk to you.Save your money and save your butt and never go there
1	I just had the worst experience I have ever had at a retail store. I have little knowledge of electronic components and came here in an attempt to gain a bit of information from the sales staff. I was met by a SUPERVISOR named Michael. He acted as if I was wasting his time from the start, as he was half on the phone and half helping me, and was INCREDIBLY rude. I asked a very innocent question: "I am looking for a small motor, can you help?" to which he responded angrily, "How am I supposed to help you when you don't know what you're looking for?!" I was taken aback. He then proceeded to tell an employee to "Just go away" because he was not offering his assistance. I felt bad for the other guy; his boss is clearly a total oppressive asshole. I then said "Never mind" and walked away, but he then realized the urgency of the issue and demanded that I follow him to take a look at the inventory. I begrudgingly went with him and he proceeded to almost mock my lack of knowledge. It took everything I had to not smack the guy. He had the audacity to say as he walked away, "Let me know if you have any FURTHER questions."I stormed over to the manager on duty who apologized profusely for the mix up, but based on how easy it was for Michael to be such a jerk, I absolutely cannot imagine this was his first time acting this way. The MOD apology meant nothing to me, as it blows my mind why a person as awful as the supervisor can hold a position of power. I will NEVER step foot in this building again, and I beg you to do the same. Absolutely horrible experience all around.
3	Pretty good if you don't mind the crowds and you know what you're looking for.
3	I saw one reviewer here say they have a love/hate relationship with Fry's Electronics, and I think that's pretty accurate! The selection is awesome, and the prices usually are as well.  I sometimes find better deals here than I do online.  Plus they're really the only electronics store you can go to if you want to see a large in-store selection and weight your options that way. The reason they don't get five stars if for customer service.  We've had multiple occasions where we've called to see if an item is in stock, were told that it was, only to go down there and find out it wasn't.  In one instance we found that they NEVER carried the item, so we're not sure why they said they had it.  So, go here for all your electronic needs, but take what the employees tell you with a grain of salt.
2	Their service is helter-skelter/borderline devious and a friend of mine was a victim of it.Too bad because Fry's is the 'shit' where computer gear and parts are involved but still............IMHO Fry's USED to be OK but they're deteriorated in the last year or so.
4	If you go to Fry's Electronics, you shouldn't be a newbie and know what you want. If you don't know the difference between USB and Firewire, head over to Best Buy. The staff here could use a course in customer service and be better trained on their store. When I need to find a certain item, no one knows where it is. Often replying "This isn't my department"... well, then don't walk outside of your department. Besides that, they have pretty reasonable and often the lowest prices for any type of electronics and computer hardware. They also beat "internet prices" if you provide them. Use Amazon, scan the UPC and compare the price. To have Frys honor the price, you need to have a manager review it and sign-off on it so you get the deal. Depending on the item, this could be a $20-50 difference. Be sure to read all the terms of your receipts for rebates, refunds, etc. They usually vary a lot by item and department. I'll continue shopping at Fry's, but they staff needs more training and/or stop hiring newbies.
1	so I bought a TV in Aug 2009 with  3 yr warranty and was told that it starts the following yr because there was already a 1 yr warranty. The tv went white screen on me Dec 2012. I pull my contract out and it says the warranty expired Aug 2012 not Aug 2013 like it should of. I call fry's customer service explain what is going on and get told to bring in the paperwork and they'd set up service. I drive in wait in line to talk with a rep explain what was going on and get told 'it says right here it is expired there's nothing I can do ' by a manager. I explain again this warranty was suppose to be for after the first year because why would I want double warranty for my first year that's makes no scene. again the manager says 'it says right here the warranty is expired ' and repeats that 3 more times. their customer service has always been flaky and I should have checked my paperwork before I left  when I bought it; but this was as much their screw up as mine. I'm officially done with frys and their horrible customer service not to mention every time I buy stuff here I have to return something because it doesn't work.Called corporate customer service and was told they would call the store manager and have the store manager call me back to see what he could do for me. We'll see, I don't have high hopes I'll be hearing from the store manager.
1	I have been too many Fry's electronic stores in California and this is the first 1 in Arizona I will not be back I was there over an hour and a half and not one sales associate offer to help me I evan tried to look helpless and had a fake heart attack no just joking but nobody ever came to help me consequently I was going to buy some items but since nobody would help me I left them there. There inventory is also in the toilet
3	It's a huge place that is confusing and items are poorly marked.  The lack of sales associates is frustrating and when you do ask a question, it shows they do not know what is stocked.  The check out process is confusing to say the least, there is no indicator where you should start, and like most retail establishments, they have 50 registers, but only a few operating at a time.They are also notorius for placing items back on the shelve that have been returned and selling them as new.  I have no idea what the laws are on this, but it does make them look bad.
4	I've been shopping at Fry's for 10 years. Fry's always has whatever electronic I need, and at a lower price than anywhere else. I agree with other reviews that the staff can be better trained and more knowledgable, but I always find what I need myself. The computer department successfully cleaned and repaired my sick computer and gave me a brand new loaner to use while they worked. Thanks, Fry's. I'll be back.
1	Let me tell you about a recent visit to the Fry's on Baseline Rd. I went in looking for a camera/video recorder (camcorder? I think that's the right spelling).  I had set a budget of around $300.  Didn't need anything fancy, just a good product.  Upon looking over their inventory I found one I liked.  It was on clearance for $199.  It was a brand name that I like and had everything I needed/wanted.  The clerk advised me that I was going to buy the display model and that all of the clearance items were the last ones they had.  I asked if it came with everything I needed to make the camera functional (battery, recharge cord) and he said yes.  After searching for the "packet" that contained the accessories, the clerk discovered that the battery was missing,  I asked how much a new one was and he stated that he was not sure if they even carried it.  He found out that they did and the battery was $80!!!  I stated that there was nothing on the sign that stated the battery was missing.  I asked him to either give me a battery or take $80 off the price of the camera.  He told me that he couldn't do that, so I asked him to get me somebody that could.  He called the department manager, who was at lunch and he said that he could take $20 off the price of the camera.  What good would that have done?  I asked to speak to a store manager and was told that she was busy.  Ok, now I'm P1$$ed off!  So now I write their corporate office.  The response apologizes for the bad service and says I will receive a call......still waiting some 2 weeks later.
2	I try not to go here unless I can help it.  The employees like to point in a direction and tell you that whatever you are looking for is "over there".  Sad when I get better help at Wal-mart
4	I'm not a "techie," but they do have a lot of different items in here.  I've bought a computer, laptop case, antennas, etc... and never had a problem here.  The sales people can be somewhat vultures, but most seem to know what they're talking about.If you return an item have your argument ready.   They will listen to your argument, and then send you to an area where they fix computers.  Once there, present your concern, the tech person there will "yay or nay," based off their tests, and then back to the returns line for either an exchange, or your money back.In my particular case I believed myself to be paranoid that I had bought a computer that emitted brushing noises internally.  The tech guy recognized this, marked it down, and they were very accommodating in exchanging the computer.  I don't know if anything was actually wrong with the computer, but I appreciate them addressing this "paranoid" concern.Televisions, speakers, vacuums, food, coffee bar, various gift cards, accessories, small tech parts, and more, Fry's has it.  Not everything is priced the same that you would get online - sure, but some good deals can be had here.  And like the person below said if you need it right now, this is the place to go.
1	Don't like
2	I share the sentiment with a couple other Yelp users that I have a love/hate relationship with this place. Fry's is a great place to go IF you know exactly what you want and you need it now. The selection far exceeds places like Best Buy and Target and the sales can be pretty awesome. That said, take note that I said it's a great place "IF you know exactly what you want." The customer service here is worse than you'll find anywhere. On the handful of occasions that I've absolutely had to ask an employee for help, the experience was downright appalling. On one occasion, a female employee was typing away at a computer. Trying to not be intrusive, I told her that I had a quick question. She stopped typing, looked up at me, shot daggers with her eyes, looked back down at the computer, and proceeded to type. A nearby employee heard the conversation and jumped in to help (probably the most helpful anyone has been). Another time, I went on the Fry's website to see if this store had any more copies of a particular Mac software. It said they had quite a few. I called to double-check. The associate I was connected to immediately told me they were all out. After telling him the site said otherwise, he replied with "The site isn't always up-to-date."  Judging by my past experience, I decided to go to the store anyway. Sure enough, they had a whole shelf full. The one that really takes the cake is when I asked an employee in the audio department to demo a speaker for me. After fumbling with the control panel for probably ten seconds, he tells me that the DVD player doesn't work. I see a cord with a headphone output at the end of it and ask him if I could try connecting my iPhone. After telling me "it won't work but you can try," the guy actually took the opportunity of me turning my back to him to LEAVE THE ROOM. 10 minutes of fumbling around later, after CONNECTING THE SPEAKERS MYSELF, I got the demo I wanted, headed straight back home, and bought them on Amazon for $80 cheaper.
1	Don't buy here! They have perfected the old "Bait & Switch". I ordered a LED that had a price over a hundred dollars lower than everybody else. I placed my order online, but they did not offer delivery. I received my order confirmation on 5/10/13 that my order was ready for pick up, so I had to drive 50 miles one way to pick it up. When I got there, low and behold they didn't have my TV. .Now I'm no fool, I know why they didn't offer delivery when I order online, because they never had the TV in the first place. They wanted to get you into the store and then sell you something else, which is exactly what they did to me. I will never buy from them no matter what the so-called price is.Fry's grocery stores are a Kroger chain, so I don't don't know if Fry's Electronics are affiliated, but if they are, the Kroger organization just went to the bottom of my approval list. These people are dishonest & unprofessional.
1	Went to your Tempe, Arizona store yesterday with an electrician friend that recently lost his leg and now has a prosthetic leg. He can walk but it makes him very tired and sore to walk too much.I wanted to upgrade his home PC to help him be able to work more from home since he's no longer able do do 1/2 the climbing his trade requires and his employment options have been reduced greatly.When I went in I asked where the carts or wheelchairs were for customers. Having seen them in most medium to large size retail outlets, the thought a store as large as Fry's Electronics Tempe not having them hadn't crossed my mind.It has now crossed. I am now cross.This is especially irritating since when that store was an Incredible Universe back in 1997, they provided them. Guess they liked to put a dash of empathy & kindness before the bottom line of outfitting a store with a few wheelchairs.Subtract my business from that bottom line.Member of humanity,Kyle
3	OK place, but I wish they had the quality of items CompUSA used to have. Sigh!
1	My boyfriend and I went in the store this evening and received bad service. You'd think they'd want to help push through a $5000-$6000 purchase, even if it is 30 minutes before closing...but I guess not.We'll probably buy from Best Buy..they always go above and beyond.
3	I have a love/hate with this place as well. they do have MAJOR SELECTION, but the staff doesn't seem like they love what they do, or they've prefer working in an assembly line. let's just say it's not a place to strike up a conversation. Helpful at best, but biased as well I felt.
1	This is the WORST! we walk in to do a simple transfer of warranty and first we are greeted by a silly little girl who obviously just leans on her elbows all day and a very laid back man who tells us there is a fee. .. already knew that. .. then pauses over and over about where it needs to be done. Them he says let me get someone. .. well that person is now on the phone and tells us she will walk us to register. ... after a few minutes my husband asked the man she had to walk us? He says that she is on the phone to get some sort of code seems that they don't know how to. Customer Service? ??
1	I went to the Tempe Fry's Electronics yesterday to get a simple Lexmark printer black and white ink cartridge #36 and the shelves were bare with only 1 Lexmark #37 color cartridge left, i was willing to buy a 2 pack, and there was none of those there either.  This is the second time this has happened to me there, and all i get from sales associates there is "yeah, i guess we need to order some"  YEAH, I GUESS YOU DO!!  Will you deadass managers please do your job?????  This has become a good place to go if you want perfume for $6.99 or candy bars, those items are always in stock!!
2	This place basically sucks.  I went in there again yesterday to get some computer speakers, mine blew out.  I found what I was looking for and went to the line.  There were more than 30 people waiting and there were 4 cashiers.  One of the cashiers was hung up with a customer and some kind of issue that put her out of commission.  The other 3 were taking their sweet old time.  I'm standing there for 10 minutes and the line has barely moved.  Apparently management of this place doesn't care how long customers have to wait for their "deals", of which I can get elsewhere.  I put the box of speakers down on top of a soda cooler and walked out.  No way was I going to wait at least another 20 minutes just to buy some computer speakers.  They basically don't care over there. Their deals are not that great to warrant the extreme lack of customer service that they seem to have as one of their tenets.  I went on Ebay after that, found my speakers and paid 1/4 of the amount they wanted for them, that including shipping.Addition:I bought a pair of speakers on an Ebay auction - an auction, not a buy-it-now, for one penny. Yup, I was the only bidder, plus $7.00 to have it delivered here via Fed Ex. AWESOME speakers! WAY better than the $50 set I was going to buy at Fry's! Lol, now I am glad I left that ridiculous waiting line.  What kind of place thinks it's okay to make you WAIT for you to PAY for the product you are buying from them?!!!
3	I don't visit this Fry's often, but they had a PC monitor in stock that my normal Fry's was out of. Not too busy for a Saturday, so we were able to get in and out fairly quick. They matched an online price with no gripe, which was an added bonus, as sometimes other places make a stink about having to do so.
4	I love Fry's Electronics! My hubby & I went to go purchase a new computer on Sunday and Leo helped us out from start to finish. I agree with others' review regarding their inventory- I almost had to go Ninja style on a customer because I bought a display for 5% off and it was the last computer they had in stock. Customer service was top notch, but I can't give 5 starts because it was bloody hot in the entire store. We were literally fanning ourselves in line about to melt.
4	I don't know what alternate universe I've fallen into over the past year or so, but in this new universe Fry's is actually a pretty damn decent place to shop.When they finally got around to theming the store, they did some very thoughtful rearranging of sections and merchandise. (The theming itself--the Fry's Open--surely made more sense at the beginning of the process, when the Open was held in Scottsdale.) They also greatly improved some of the sections, with car audio now having actual displays, and the televisions all being displayed at viewing height instead of six inches off the floor. Veteran shoppers need not feel slighted; there are still some really weird decisions that require arcane knowledge of the Fry's hive mind. iPhone cases and accessories are split between the Apple aisle, the iPhone section, and a third seemingly-nonsensical section. And if you're shopping for a nerdy electronics project, you'll be happy to know breadboards, switches, and soldering irons are still half a store away from resistors, LEDs, and ICs.Sales floor employees are surprisingly helpful, numerous, and generally competent. WHAT IS THIS? ARE THEY ALL POD PEOPLE?!Fry's now price matches reputable internet dealers. Cashiers now ask if you'd like your card run as debit or credit, ask you if you found everything you were looking for, and (seemingly genuinely!) thank you for shopping at Fry's.I can't help but think I've fallen into some twisted alternate universe where we must all also be enslaved by robots, but you know what? I'll take it.
3	Meh.This place can be both good and bad depending on what you are there for and what day of the week it is.  The odd thing is that I frequently forget this place as an option to find products until I can't find them elsewhere and then remember that this place typically has what I am looking for.  I come here every so often looking for varying products.  I found my car stereo here a couple years back and had it installed with no issues and I love it.  This is a good place to find some variation in cell phones cases and accessories, which is typically why I end up here.  I recently came in looking for a new PC power cord and found it without difficulty.Overall, I recommend this place for trying to find the random things that most others don't carry.  The selection is decent and you can look up online to see if either location has it in stock before actually heading over there.  I have never had an issue with the customer service though I do not typically need the assistance when I am there.  They seem to have a system in place to allow for a speedy checkout which is nice because I can usually get in and out without too many issues.  They are cheaper than radioshack and several other retailers.Check it out.  It isn't a bad option to find what you are looking for.
1	Went to the store for a specific item that the website stated was in stock at this Tempe, AZ store. The item was not on the shelf and the salesperson and the store manager were of no help. The manager gave some lame excuse about the website being run separate from the store. Recommend avoiding.
1	Went to buy a computer because I heard about their great prices. Waited for 30 min before I could get someone to help me. They were very busy talking with each other. The salesman I had was very nice and I told him that I needed a good laptop that I could travel with and had a lot of storage. I had a few in mind but he was convinced I needed a specific Sony. It was hundreds more than I planned to buy but I figured it would be worth it because of all that it had on it.  I paid for it, took it home,  only to find I filled the storage up within a few hours and still didn't have all my work in it. I took it back the next day because he told me it was no problem to return and I had 15 days. Turns out IT IS A HUGE PROBLEM TO RETURN.   Over the course if 2 hours I waited in 7 lines. I was told I had a $200 restocking fee. They had to call the salesman up to be there. The lady told me she would wave the fee "depending on what computer I bought" so I went back and bought one of the laptops I originally planned plus I bought a tablet just to make the price more comparable to what it was for the Sony. After purchasing I was told they would give me a gift card for the remainder of my money. I said no thank you I would rather have it back in my card.  They brought up the manager again who said she told me this. What she said was she would wave it depending in the computer I bought, she never said we are not giving you any of your money back.  I was done waiting in lines and dealing with shady business practices so I paid the $200 fee and left. I have used my experience at Frys in teaching my business classes and found many others have had similar problems.  I tell everyone now to stay away.  It may look cheap but they have so many hidden costs that it is not worth it.
3	I used to really like coming here for stuff, and I suppose if I needed to build up or repair a computer this would be where I go. But I don't know how to do that, so I just look at all the other items. It's like a giant Best Buy store in a way. Not sure I would go out of my way to come here now that we have other options like online shopping, but having a Fry's Electronics is nice and I do wish Tucson had one. It's fun to stroll around but in the end I wind up not buying anything. I do find lots of cool stuff and then I head home to purchase on Amazon at a a better deal.
1	Ok... I thought it would be a waste of time to add yet another 1-star review for Frys, but maybe it will help the next unsuspecting shopper!  I am a typical IT guy... for work as well as building PC's as a hobby... but when I go to Frys I really want to find an alternative to getting parts! Every time I shop here the employees are hanging around talking to each other... to the point of ignoring me while I compared motherboards for 45 minutes, and was never asked if I needed help... and only 10 feet in front of their counter!!!  Another trip left me at the Video Cards trying to find one that wasn't already open, covered in tape (obviously a return) or marked down 1% or being such a bad return that it couldn't be masked by taping up the box! I spent almost an hour digging through the cards there... of course the ones on sale where all gone... and finally gave up after an associate actually pushed a ladder in front of me (without saying excuse me or even hello) retrieved an item from a shelve, and walked away... leaving the ladder in front of me! What the hell is wrong with the employees here? I went back 2 nights ago to get yet another motherboard/processor combo that was on sale... and this time I actually had an employee "helping me" (or counting his commission since I had a shopping cart with $600 worth of parts in it this trip) After I told him what I needed, he found one of the remaining 2 boards on sale, printed out my slip, etc... I (over elated that I had been helped gather these parts today) went straight to check out.. then home... only to discover that the motherboard I was given HAD ALREADY BEEN VANDALIZED OF ITS UPC CODE! Why is it on the shelf? Why is the employee putting this in my cart when he knows it is on sale with a rebate???  I of course called the next day... and after waiting 15 minutes for the first human to answer the phone, I asked if it always took so long to get a first response and was told "well, we do get busy you know"! (What?) I explained what had happened and that I wasn't happy about it, or the drive (20 miles each way) to bring it back, and was told "I would get it back here soon as possible" without even an apology! He then smirked a remark about his computer showing 20 more in stock, and why would I have taken that box... BECAUSE YOUR EMPLOYEE SHOWED ME THE LAST 2 ON THE SHELF AND PLACED THIS ONE IN MY CART! I NEVER TOUCHED IT (they are so eager to write up the commission sheet that they never hand you the item!)...I HATE HAVING TO SHOP HERE! I could list similar stories for almost every shopping trip here since I shop here for parts at least once a week, and spend thousands a month here... you would think I would have learned their system or found an employee that knows what customer service means!  (when you check out and they ask if you found everything you were looking for, SAY NO... they don't hear it! They just ring up your order without asking why you said no...lol)
4	If you want it, they have it!  One of the places I wish I had an unlimited credit card in!  And one that I don't have to pay off after that!   This store is pretty big!  Go sit in the demo room and watch a movie!  :)
5	Great prices on electronics...
1	What a joke. They would get a negative rating from me if that were possible. I stood in line for almost an hour waiting for someone - anyone!! - to just pull a cell phone for me to purchase (without plan upgrade) & the only person that talked to me was another customer??! Sales associates were walking around as if myself & several other customers were invisible. The prices aren't all that so I'm taking my business elsewhere...as apparently are the other customers that walked out also.
1	This fry's electronics is full of the most useless people i have ever met.  They dont train ANY of their employees even their repair techs.  I brought jn my laptop to get it fixed and have diagnosed it myself that i need to replace their hard drive.  They took in my laptop and said it will take about a week to repair, and then the tech said that they will give me a loaner laptop for the time being with the same specs as my own laptop.  Expecting an i7 processor laptop, they ended up giving me a piece of shit duo core.  And i told them dont worry about it because it's only going to take a week so its no big deal.   A week goes by i call frys electronis for the status update and got put on hold for 20+ minutes i have screenshots of this incompetence.  They told me they didnt have a hard drive for my laptop so they had to put an order.  So it may take about another week.  Another week goes by and they claimed that it was processed and the place that they made an order with has not shipped it out yet. Another week goes by i called and they claimed that the place they ordered my hard drive from has shipped and should be in any day.  Two weeks goes by they still didnt get it and everytime i call they said that any time now. Next week goes by,  This time i asked why its taking so ling and they said that they had to place another order and i asked why.  They claimed that the first order never ahipped out or processed.  Then i asked how they got information on how their first order was shipped if it was NEVER PROCESSED.  They had no answer.  Now i got pissed. And asked for the manager. I told the useless tech on the phone with me that this is a training issue, and he admitted to not having any training.  What a jokeThe manager explained to me why they took so long and that mistakes happen and that he later explained that i wasnt even supposed to get a loaner laptop of the same specs so it was normal for me to have that piece of shit for 5 weeks while waiting.  Im a college student and it was bad enough i lost everything.  Then i told him to read over my repair report, he then told me that they HAVE MY HARD DRIVE IN STOCK THE WHOLE TIME.  I got fucking pissed.   So my order for repair couldve been done since DAY 1.  My entire repair papers were on IDLE the entire fucking time.  This is ALL due to negligence and lack of training.  So NONE OF THE TECHS for 5 fucking weeks didnt bother to check their inventory.  And they didnt even NOTIFY me they placed a second order for a hard drive had i not called.  FUCK  THIS FRYS ELECTRONICS. Your techs are FUCKING useless.  Your department and branch is a fucking joke.  I prety much had a piece of sht laptop for 5 weeks and had so much trouble because i had no Microsoft products for word excel and powerpoint which are programs i REALLY NEED in college. So i pretty much had a useless laptop when i could've had mine repaired in two days. The supervisor said im afraid so sir.  FUCK Fry's warranty.  They don't do SHIT for you.  After having my laptop for a week when I got it back, I realized that I needed the product key to enter it into my system for windows 7.  So i gave them a call and asked what my product key is, and addressed the issue that they should've done this for me when they installed a new windows 7 product.  I gave them a call and they told me to bring it in.  ARE U FUCKING KIDDING ME I told them im not goingback to your store and your branch specifically.  This is a PRODUCT key you guys should have it on file.  then he goes on to tell me that I need to bring it in to enter it for me.  I told the guy, tell me where it is.  The guy ends up telling me that its inside my laptop where the battery is and tells me it should be on the outside.  I told them no if it would be anywhere itd be on the inside.... I found it myself and told him, ok you honestly don't know what you're doing bye.  and hung up.  There was NO REASON why i NEEDED to drive to their fucking store to get this done.  The Techs have NO fucking idea what they are doing.  Useless.Rick Ebel, Service department manager.  you are fine.  But YOU need to train your techs and your employees.  Fire them and switch for new ones.  Your current techs have no idea what they are doing.  YOU need to properly TRAIN your employees.  What I experienced for over a month was unprofessional, and full of negligence.
3	What a weird experience...I want to get my oldest daughter a tablet for Christmas and I'm hung up on the Kindle Fire HDX and the Samsung Galaxy Tab. I've been to Best Buy a couple times but my husband recommended checking out Fry's. This place is seriously overwhelming. There was an abundance of employees all over the place, yet they didn't seem to be doing much. I was asked if I needed help by numerous people. Some were helpful, others not so much. One guy gave me a bunch of info on the Samsung I was interested in but when I asked to see a Kindle he told me it was clear on the other side if the store. After trekking over there, the guy working that department told me they didn't have a display unit and I couldn't see one because they were all boxed. He offered no other help.If you have some time to kill and want to check out some electronics then I recommend coming here. If you are short on time and have some research to do, it could be hit or miss.
3	Mr. M and I usually venture over here when he says he needs something for the computer.  What usually happens is we go in, split up, and I buy 50 bucks in blu-rays and CDs I don't need and he comes out with a couple hundred dollars of things that I have no idea what they do and where they go, but hey, he's happy.  I got my noise-cancelling headphones here and there was an employee all over us, well, until he gave us some paper with a code to give the cashier, I'm assuming so he gets his commission, and then he was gone as fast as Charlie Sheen on a coke run.  Never saw him again.  Hey dude....I wasn't finished.  I bet Charlie's heard that comment too.Sometimes the wait can be pretty long at the registers, but overall I find Fry's an interesting place to come browse, and pick up entertainment items I don't need.
3	3 stars might be a little generous. However, I do think Fry's generally has better prices (and better sales) on a lot of there electronics compared to other places (I guess I'm mostly referring to Best Buy). That being said, like others have pointed out the service isn't so great. I bought a new HP laptop here about 6 months ago. It was refurbished, but for all it had the price was great. Since I was getting such a great price I bought a 3-year warranty w/it that covered everything. Honestly, although I'm not sure if the sales guy was a all that knowledgeable about the product, he knew enough, and if anything didn't add up, I knew I had my warranty. About a month ago, there was an issue w/a driver that allows the computer to connect to the Internet. Honestly, I'm pretty sure I created the issue and it had nothing to do w/the computer itself (I'll leave it at that). That's what warranty are for, though. I took the computer into the store, and this is where my experience w/this Fry's was less the 3-stars. The tech helping me seemed knowledgeable, but lazy. He knew exactly what was wrong with my computer but flat out told me I was better off fixing it myself since the Internet in the store was slow, and I would probably be better off if I downloaded the program that could be used to fix it from another computer, and transfer it on to my HP. I explained to him that the other computer in my house was old, and the Internet ran pretty slow on it, but he assured me I'd be better off than letting him do it in the store w/Fry's slow Internet. I should have made more of a fuss over this, but they guy was nice enough and did give me instructions on what to do, so I just took his advice and left. Well, I wasn't able to do it myself. I came back to Fry's the following morning and the same tech was working & recognized me. I explained that I wasn't able to fix things myself and I don't care how slow the Internet in the store is, I'd be willing to wait for him to fix my computer, and he did. Although, the tech seemed knowledgeable, his laziness really bothered me (especially considering I don't live all that close to this store and I had to make two trips here because of said laziness).
2	Frys do have a wide variety of selections and I prefer frys over best buy any day. Only thing I wasn't very fond of is the customer service. I walked in and asked a question about rca cables, converts, and such for my car. Im not sure if the guy even knew what he was talking about. I was surprised of how little he knew about his section. Only employee that has beard. His customer service is poor and he isn't very knowledgeable about car audio. If you're looking for car audio accessories you're better off going elsewhere. They know very little about their products. Unless you know exactly what you're looking for, I wouldn't recommend asking them.
4	This place is my boyfriend's heaven.  As for me, I stand around and try to stay awake while he peruses the electronics for hours.  The place has a wide variety of electronics for every tech-lover's taste.  Prices are good, although I'm sure you could find stuff online for the same or cheaper.  However, nothing beats a knowledgeable staff person to help you select the perfect gadget for your needs when you have no idea what type of specs you should even be looking for.
2	Was all set to give a 4 or 5 star because the selection beats the hell out of anywhere else. And (at least in the computer section) they knew their stuff. BUT after buying all the computer parts and taking the option of having them build it for me 2 stars is all I can give. It's been over a week and I still haven't got my computer. Everytime I call they tell that they'll start having someone work on it ASAP. How are you not working on it already?! I have friends who have built their own comps and know it takes no more than an hour or two to do it. So there is no way they are THAT swamped with building other comps that they still haven't even started it a week later.
1	Every single time I come in herr I'm greeted with equal parts rudeness,  incompetence,  and indifference. I feel like they don't care if they actually help me or not.  1. First rep I asked for help didn't look up from his computer screen.  10 seconds later, got a reluctant 'sup...'2. Uneducated rep in computer parts sold me the wrong RAM3. Installer discovered that it was the wrong RAM, and took time to first argue with the rep before trying to help me. ...all this within 15 min! I sincerely despise coming in here
2	I like the selection of everything electronic here at this Fry's,   It's still to this day the largest electronics store I've ever been to,  so make sure you put on your walking shoes. Unfortunately,  their service has always been very sub par. For example,  when he they get a return,  they'll just tape up the package and put the item right back on the shelf,  When you go, you'd better know what your your looking for because finding sombody to help you is always a challenge.  But once you do,  they are fairly helpful and knowledgeable.   Another positive is their liberal return policy,  just make sure you have a receipt.
2	Their prices are usually ok... But just had a poor customer service experience. We live about 15 miles from the store in Tempe, so I didn't want to make an unnecessary trip. I needed a replacement part for my Sony camcorder. It came with a two part charger, one part that has the box and plugs into the camera, the other that is just a cord that goes from your wall outlet to the charger box.  I was missing the second part so I called Frys (where we bought the camera to begin with) and I asked if they carry the cord I needed. She puts me on hold for about 5 minutes and comes back to rudely say, "We sell the whole charger set, we don't have random cords *just laying around*"  Well, I'm glad they don't leave their merchandise *just laying around* but whatever, I didn't need attitude for asking a simple question. I ask her how much they run, and she leaves me on hold for another 10 minutes before I lose patience and hang up. I called Radio Shack, and when I asked the same question, without ever having to put me on hold the gentleman on the line knew the answer to  my questions offhand. Not only did they sell just the specific cord I would need (as opposed to having to buy both parts) they also had a different style of universal charger if I preferred and he knew the prices of both immediately. I guess they appreciate their customers more there, so that's where I will go from know on!
4	The best place in town to buy computer components. Cheap and they match deals. A lot more selection than Best Buy or any other electronics store.
4	Although the people there generally don't know what they are talking about. They sure have good stuff at really cheap prices. I been a fan for years now! What I like about this store is your ability to have choices. There are a lot of variety of electronics and parts that you choose from at our own budget. They also offer services such as tech support and installation with stuff.
1	I've done a lot of online shopping with in-store pick up, which is especially helpful if I'm out of town and special sales come up ... like yesterday's Memorial Day sale. Fry's is the ONLY store I've come across where online shopping does not constitute a sale until you pick up the merchandise at the store.  And, of course, with a one-day sale, if you don't get INTO the store before closing, you don't get the item you "bought" online. (I say "bought" because they don't charge your card until you physically pick it up.)So ... buyers beware ... if you're out of town or unable to get to Fry's to pick up one of their advertised bargains with store delivery before (1) the ad expires or (2) 72 hours, you will not get the bargain.  The $30 item I ordered online yesterday is $70 today. And the fact that I ordered it for store delivery doesn't matter.
1	"We have 3 but we don't have any."  My husband and I headed over to Frys for a deal on a projector screen.  It was on sale for $69.99 which was $20 cheaper than amazon.  Unfortunately they were not very helpful. My husband asked a sales associate where the projector signs were and after being directed to the area the sales associate promptly tried to make a get away.  That's right the section only has posted signs and no projectors available to look at.  The sign clearly states you need to see an associate for help.  My husband was quick to catch him back by saying, "Wow, could you find this one for us?" They guy was like "Uh yeah, let me see what it says and I will have to go in the back." Like that makes a difference to us we just drove from Mesa to come here and buy it.  He leaves and then comes back and says he doesn't see it and they have 3 but really they don't have any.  Really?   My husband and I talked and decided that we would ask again about the screen because we felt that guy (Ismael) didn't really look.  We ended up asking someone in computers but they said we HAD to have someone in that department help us.  We were told to go back over there to a lady who pushed us back on Ismael.  This time my husband told him he wanted the $99 dollar one but he would still prefer the $69 dollar one.  Finally a really nice lady came to help us out and she said she found the screens Ismael had just missed them and Ismael would bring it to us.   Finally the dude came back with the screen and told us to head up front.  As we were half way back another associate ran to hand us a commission paper for the dude that couldn't find anything.  I folded up and stuck it in my purse and forgot to show it to the checkout guy.  Whoops!   Sorry Ismael.  It is really rare that we travel to stores anymore.   The three things stores can do to keep business over online shopping is to have competitive pricing, awesome customer service and product available for customers to see.  Unfortunately we almost left to go buy the item online at amazon because their customer service is SO BAD.  They really lucked out that we were so persistent because otherwise we would have walked out.
3	I don't always feel safe coming here but it's pretty big and there's a lot of electronic stuff.  They usually have pretty good deals but I would still shop around for the big ticket stuff.
1	I have a love hate relationship with this place. They have great prices. Sales people are very slow and don't have much knowledge. A lack of interest is beyond belief if you are buying something that is of low value. Don't buy anything if you think their is a chance it might need a repair within its warranty. I've had not one issue with them refusing to deal with a repair issus but two problems. The attitude of customer service is shocking. But again this could be the reason prices are lower than most places. Source on amazon or best buy is my advice.
3	There are 27 associates for every customer. It's a bit overwhelming but at least you know you're going to did what you're looking for and then some
4	I've been shopping here for years and have never had a horrible experience. They price match at the register, they trim prices on opened and display items. Normally I don't trust opened items or display items but I've found a couple gems over the years. The times that I've gotten a lemon from a display or opened item the return process has been very easy. No real risk, just risk a trip or two back to the store. The sale guys . . . You know try to sell things that you don't really need but that's their job and it never gets out of hand. I almost always stop here for electronics, music, movies, exit. Before going to any big box store. The biggest complaint is the atrocious parking lot and driveway that is about 10 years past repair. Oh and you have to display amazing self control through the gauntlet of grab items on your way to the registers. Overall though it's a great place to shop, they've got a little bit of everything.
3	Stephanie was extremely rude. I asked about a power cord for an Apple TV and she asked me what amps it was. I have no idea. That's what I came to them for. However, I went down the isle to another guy and he was awesome! So Stephanie needs to find something she enjoys and wants to help people troubleshoot instead of making them feel stupid.
3	Finding an employee with knowledge is like shopping at a thrift store, you gotta be patient and hope for the best. They are also like shopping at Costco, some things are deals, others, not so much...they say they match online pricing, but then add the shipping into the equation...like I didn't just spend 10 in gas going to their store. Another Costco similarity is them snooping through your stuff when you leave, makes me insane, just mark my receipt and let me leave. I do not stand in line to pay, only to stand on line to leave. Once I leave the register, it's mine, not yours. Customer service is a joke. But....they do basically have every part I ever need, and often I need it that hour, so I deal, pay the $50 for the $10 part. Their prices cannot be beat on Cat5 or 6 patch cords.
5	Been going here for years and have not had better customer service than my last visit.  Manuel in the home theater department is the "MAN"!!!!. Got me a great price on my speakers. He's very knowledgeable and friendly. Thanks
1	I went in to pick up a unlock phone right now and open it just found out the glass is chip! Pisss off ! Never going back again.
5	I know a lot of people have had bad experiences with Fry's Electronics and to be honest when they first opened (back in the 90s?) their return policy sucked so I wasn't a  big fan but now for several years they have been pretty good in my book.  Returns are fairly easy and comparable to other big box stores.  Just as long as you have your receipt or the card you purchased the items with they usually do an easy return.  Personally I do not buy items that have the return label on them...ever... since I've had problems with these in the past.  Another thing I like about them is that they generally will match the big online advertisers on price so for the past year I rarely pay the floor price but rather the best online price.  I'm HAPPY with that since I get to enjoy my new purchase that same day  vs having to wait for it in the mail.  Overall I think they have done a good job at improving their customer service skills in the past decade and because of their price matching they are the only store in the valley I buy electronics from.
5	Went to get a radio installed and installer named Bishop burned my car . Installers dont know nothing wish old installer named Eduardo still worked their
5	Normally I'm not a Fry's Electronics fan. However - Best Buy has really limited their in-store product offerings so I gave Fry's another chance. What a fantastic experience! I spoke to three different sales people in different departments and they all knew what they were talking about!Sometimes you have to ask for assistance but it's worth it. I shall return! A solid 5 stars!
3	There are as many good as bad experiences.The good is a large inventory. I have never purchased big ticket items due to so called sales personnel.Their tech people are invaluable. I want to allow 4 stars but can't.
5	Wife wanted a new lappy, (and I wanted a new camera) We ended u getting a nice lappy under $250 and she seems to love it, they were very prompt in asking us if we needed any help, (Was asked probably 4 times at least) I will probably be back and get the camera as we didn't get it this time around, but I do want it lol.
3	I came to this frys electronics location because it's by my work.  After finds lots of great deals on all the stuff I was looking for I got to the check out!!! This is where the 5 star rating dropped to a 3 star rating!!! Apparently using a promo code is like saying " go ahead and kick me in the junk!!!" I'll  I heard was  "can't" for 20 + minutes!! The cashier seem to be typing in Morris code because it took him forever to enter into each item !! ( not his fault though). Then there was the "manager" type fellow hovering over us hawkishly as to make sure we weren't slipping  one by him! Finally after blood started shooting out of my eyes !I decided to leave without a single item!  I believe this will be the last time I visit this location. if given a choice to stab myself in the femur and perform minor surgery with a spoon and pairing knife on myself  or go to THIS frys electronics..........I would have to choose minor surgery with household utensils!! :(.  I left with out a my new tv and all the other goodies I wanted. Now I have to go to Best Buy and do it all over again!! Bummer
2	1st time there, went to buy a toy helicopter for my child.  Didn't hold charge so we had to take it back for exchange and manager took care of us since I didn't save receipt.  While he was helping us he took on another task or decided to take a call rather then finishing our transaction.  The whole process took about 15 minutes since I had to wait for him to actually help but the actual exchange took 1 min.  He was still on the phone the entire time and customer service wasn't actually priority there.  Bad quality in toy helicopters and not very good customer service. Not a good 1st time experience.
2	Went there to buy Christmas gifts. While some areas have large selections, this place is really falling apart. Looked at T.V.s with sound bars and systems. Half the displays are falling apart and don't have the sound systems operating. The aisle with sound bars is a joke. None of the displays worked and could not flag down a "sales person". They are either smothering you or hiding out. Computer area is better, but the sales help is pretty indifferent and don't volunteer anything. Not particularly helpful unless you know exactly what to ask. Most areas are spotty on having items in stock and often the prices are not labeled on the items. I don't quite know how they stay in business. Prices aren't usually any better than on line or most big box stores. I like brick and mortar, but they need new management from the top down that would critically evaluate and refine their operations.
1	The service here is so bad. It stinks!!! The Associates see you trying to make eye contact and they duck and dodge as best as they can. If you're lucky enough to snag one, they muster up only enough enthusiasm to keep them from falling asleep. "I'm not sure", "I don't know", "That's not my department" is the kind of response you can expect. I asked for help in the television section from an Associate who was leaning against a box, watching the football game. From the moment I "interrupted" his game watching, he overtly displayed his contempt with me throughout the whole interaction. He kept ending this part of the conversation with, "let me know if you have any other questions", as he started backing away. Unbelievable.
3	Fry's Electronics strengths: selection & prices / price matching. Don't expect much else.  Whenever I need assistance there isn't any when it's slow.  When it's busy there are too many customers to comfortably look at items (staring at boxes for specs) and you have to wait in line to talk to rep.Then the reps only are aware of items in their area and just have you go to another if something is not in theirs.  I have been to the store many times where I go from department to the next asking for something and no one knows.  I eventually gave up and ordered it from Amazon.
2	I had forgotten about this store until last night needing an audio part for a new TV, not available at Best Buy and not wanting to pay stratospheric prices at Radio Shack.  Yes I know I could order online (no muss, no fuss) but sometimes you want what you want - Now!Sadly I ended up leaving the store with nothing, not even one pound lighter having lost all patience!!!  Let's face facts - -  Helpful store associates are facing extinction.  There's a lot of stuff in this store which can be had inexpensively,  IF you know exactly what you want and where to find it.  For the rest of us driving in circles provides the same amusement.  You end up and go no where.  2.5 stars
3	This store didn't have a theme for a long time, and I was intrigued when I saw them starting on one. I knew that a Houston store has a International Space Station theme, one of the California stores has a cool train theme and I even thought the west phoenix Aztec themed store was pretty cool. So what do we get? GOLFING COWBOYS. C'mon Fry's, this is totally lame. To say I was disappointed was understating it. OK, so they have a decent selection and prices when you don't have time to order from Newegg or Amazon. The staff aren't the most knowledgeable but that's what I have a smart phone for. I love it when you ask a staff member a question and they pick up the box and read it to you. Real helpful guys. Call it a 2.5 star review (I thought 2 stars was a bit harsh.)
