1	Please please please, do not waste your time and money dealing with this wicked evil people.I called the over a year ago first time just to get more info on their service. I didn't hire them then, but woman ARORA was calling us back every other week. So when the urgency to fix my husband's 3 year old ticket came, I called them back. And same woman was extremely nice and gave me 60$ discount (yeah right!). So their price supposedly came down to $200.I asked her if I will have to pay anything else after I pay them $200. She said "no", I only pay $200 and the problem is solved. It was my first time, I was naive and paid my last $200 of my two credit cards. Need to say, original total fir the ticket was $550.Afterwards I read bad reviews, I called a week later to see how my case was doing, she was extremely rude and talked to me in a way like "I just told u!" and etc.So later I saw the changes on citation online and the new total was $440!Then my husband called and tried calmly to explain her we were not pleased with service, she denied all her previous words of course and hung up.I complained with BBB, but obviously they don't care as long as they can catch stupid naive ppl like me and give them $200 for almost nothing.Now we ended up spending more than initially which is $440+$200. Do the math.
1	Was quoted a price of $150.00 to fix a speeding ticket and paid it in full.  Weeks later received a letter stating that I owed an additional $145.00.  Ticket was $255.00 so I saved a total of $5.00.  Total misrepresentation, you can't quote one price and then weeks later send another bill paid directly to the court.  Woman in office Aurora lied through her teeth about the cost and when questioned after the fact said that the original $150.00 paid for the scaled Lawyer to go to court for you.  While there were no points or traffic school on the account, the additional money paid to the court should have been quoted up front instead of letting people "assume" it was the final cost.  Total bullshit.  Don't use this crook.
1	These people are bait-and-switch scam artists. The receptionist Aurora quotes an "all-in" price of $150, implying that covers the lawyer fee and fine for minor traffic violations. We paid $150 to the lawyer Kenneth G. Frizell III, then got a letter from his office saying we owed Las Vegas Justice Court $352 for an "illegal parking violation." Under Nevada Revised Statutes, the fine for the original car pool lane violation is only $250. So these crooks get $150 for INCREASING your fine and total payout to $502 after telling you it'll only be $150 "all in." Call Aurora back to complain and she hangs up on you. This outfit gives even lawyers a bad name.
4	I don't understand all the bad reviews, from all the comments it seems they have done exactly what you paid them for.I have use them at least 5 times, 2 for old bench warrants that I didn't even know about and the remaining for tickets.  No points and no traffic school.The first part is their fee, but even if they get the offense lowered you STILL have the pay the court for the original offense and the worse thing is the fine is determined by the judge overseeing the case, so if you have priors they can up the fine as punishment.I would think paying lawyer and court fees would be better then paying years of higher insurance rates.
5	I agree.  Who in the right mind would think an Attorney would go to court for free.  People only mention at the end of their whining they did not have to go to traffic school and forget that is the whole reason you went there in the 1st place.  The only scam is the bad reviews as far as I can see.  I ended up with the $145.00 fine and paid it and NO traffic school.   And guess what no points and my insurance never found out.  Worth it every day for me!
1	For whatever reason, Yelp deleted my initial review, so here it is again with some necessary alterations:These people are amoral scam artists. They will sit in their office and tell their clients whatever it takes for them to fork over their money, then do absolutely nothing for them. In 2011, I ever so foolishly went to Kenneth G. Frizzell III's law firm for counsel (a term I use very loosely in this particular case) on a first-time DUI charge. His case manager, Brooks Compton, "assured" me (as well as my mother who was sitting in the office as well) that everything would be okay, and that since I was not on controlled substances at the time of my arrest nor did I get into a collision, the offense would be reduced to reckless driving after they filed a motion for discovery and bargained with the prosecutor. Then, on the day of the court date in early 2012, Mr. Frizzell showed up to the court house almost three hours after he told me to be there, only to tell me and my mom that the charge did not get plead down to reckless driving/wet reckless. Any semi-competent attorney who even slightly cares about his/her clients and not just their money would have made a phone call beforehand to inform them of the situation so they are not blindsided by it when they had previously thought the dilemma had been more or less handled. Then, he tells me that if I do not sign the written agreement of a "Guilty" plea, the case would go to trial and I would be jailed for up to the six months if I lost, essentially forcing me to sign the plea agreement. This is exactly what I could have done myself for free! Some time later, I called a handful of other law offices to ask them if there was an NRS statute which decrees that someone could be incarcerated for half a year just because they lost at trial on a misdemeanor charge, and sure enough, they all told me this was a flat-out lie. Since when are people thrown in jail solely for trying to defend themselves in a court of law?Honestly, both of his offices need to be shut down and Ken Frizzell deserves to be disbarred with possible criminal proceedings against him as well. Admittedly, I have posted searing feedback about him on every major review Web site (where numerous other victims of his have lambasted this crook for his antics) in an attempt to dissuade others from getting ripped off, and from what I see, there are not nearly as many recent bad ratings since I began to do so. To me, this indicates that my efforts have saved people (if even just one person) from making the same grave mistake that me and countless others have made. Oh, and by the way, Lloyd, not one of these bad reviews (or "whining", as you put it) mentions anything about having an attorney go to court for free. Sounds to me like you are acquainted with Frizzell or someone who works for him and you came here to trump up his overall rating. After all, it would not be the first and/or only instance where he has had someone go on online and bolster his scores for him.
