3	i guess this is one of those 'traveler's hotels'.  not quite ghetto enough to be a by-the-hour type joints, but ghetto enough to have a guy with denim shorts and wifebeater with his feet in the hot tub drinkin a miller lite.I like the kitchenette in every room.  the fridge was convenient and there's free dvd rentals from the front desk and free internet access as well.  They also have a pool outside with lots of old people lounging around.  I woulda been popular if I brought the 6 pack of ensure and passed out shots of metamucil.but seriously, it's a good convenient place to stay with lots of restaurants and shopping near by.
3	Good choice in a location that was close to my work and easy to navigate to other areas too.  They were doing construction while I was there so things were a bit of a mess in the halls, etc.  My room had been already nicely redone.I would stay again.
2	The inside of the motel is nice enough for business travelers.  The reason why I am giving two starts is because this is not a safe area for a woman to walk around.  I stayed here without a car and felt uncomfortable walking to restaurants.  I even had someone pull over asking me for a ride.  Not safe.
4	Like it.  Price was reasonable.  Clean place and with a kitchen too.  Will definitely stay there again.
4	Not a bad location, being right next to a handful of different types of food (fast food, bar food, pizza joints) and being 15 min.  to the airport was also a major plus.    the rooms were typical, of an extended stay (kitchen, "living room" and bedroom combo) but I must say that the walls are a bit thin.    When you're at an extended stay, you're there for - well, an extended period of time!   So you get to meet those next to you several times .  And on this particular trip, I may have gotten a little more familiar than I wanted (and not by choice) .  Damn those thin walls...   but you got to love a couple in love...Comfy beds, nice staff, good location.
5	I really liked my 2-night stay here!  The staff (Adam) was great, polite and helpful.  The room was like a little apartment, with refrigerator, dishwasher, little stove, coffeemaker and stocked with dishes too.  The bed was comfy, the room was quiet & clean, and there was a little store on first floor next to their gym where one can purchase cold drinks and convenience food.  The location was easy for me, right off the I-10 freeway, and close to everything I needed.  The price was reasonable as well.  I will definitely return, next time with my workout clothes!
2	Location is about the best thing I can say. It looks like a bargain until you find out that there is no cleaning service unless you stay for seven days. And if you don't and need towels, you will need to take the dirty towels to the front desk so they can give you clean towels. If you need extra pillows, good luck, you will have to wait because there is only one person working at night so you will need to wait for hours. When I made the reservation, I was told that breakfast was included. There was no kitchen at this place or restaurant. I told the Manager and she didn't really care to explain. Oh I was told, maybe the reservation company we use confused it with the Holiday Inn. How is that my problem?
1	I was robbed while at this location!! I had to fill out a Tempe police report and speak with the Risk Management team. the person or people used an electronic devise to enter my room when my husband and I were not there and took things that we have not been able to retrieve. We have since had to have locks, financial information and other personal items changed to protect ourselves and loved ones. We were notified from their corporate office that they would have to deny the claim since this is happening all over the valley. I have never felt so violated in all my days. I feel that this was an inside job, for who knew what time we would leave or come back to the hotel; but someone who was there and had TOTAL ACCESS to our personal property. At this point, I will NEVER stay at another Candlewood Suites be it here in Arizona or in Illinois. This was my fifth times staying at Candlewood Suites, three at this establishment. If you do decide to stay here STAY AT YOUR OWN RISK, KNOW THAT YOU ARE BEING WATCHED AT ALL TIMES AND YOU MAYBE ROBBED!!!!!!!   4/8/2013
4	Stayed here for a week with my family for our first gathering in three years. My brother lives in the apartment complex next door, so it was really convenient for our parents and I to call home for a week.The room was gorgeous and charming, and the amenities were great. The Candlewood Cupboard was especially great, giving me a quick and easy way to grab a quick lunch or snack in between outings. Also early check-in was so convenient, as I got into town much earlier than my parents and wanted to relax.A couple of problems with our room -- the garbage disposal didn't work, and we didn't figure that out until I made breakfast on morning one, and left onion and egg shell in the sink drain! Also I had the misfortune of sleeping on THE most uncomfortable fold out couch known to man. The mattress was too thin for the metal bars in the fold out. If the rest of the hotel hadn't been so great, that alone would've knocked this review down to a three or even a two star. Advice to the hotel: invest in thicker mattresses, or offer nice, thick mattress pads for guests to pick up from the front.Also, there are no luggage racks available, much to my mother's chagrin. But there are plenty of places throughout the suite to set luggage, so she adapted.I see a few complaints for the lack of cleaning service during your stay, but there's free laundry machines and you can bring anything you need replaced (sheets, towels) down to the front desk and they'll take care of you. And really, it's not hard to pick up after yourself in what constitutes a small apartment if you're staying for fewer than 7 days.Fun bonuses to check out: the grills in the pool area. We didn't get a chance to grill anything with our busy schedules, but they looked so convenient! Also the pool has floaty noodles available for guest use, and we all had a fun time with them one night! And be sure to check out the front desk's DVD rental. Not the most recent selection, but lots of fun movie night flicks. And it's free!
3	This place is what I would consider a normal Candlewood except for a few things that lost it one star.There is no business center to print boarding passes so the front desk has to do this and there is no ice machine so the desk clerk response was to take ice from the ice maker in the room however the ice maker container was out of ice.  For some reason the clerk has a partial bag of ice in the back that was enough to fill the container. The pillows were a little soft so it took some punching and wading to get them firm enough to serve the need.
5	This place is amazing.   The front desk clerk was very efficient and friendly and the manager was right there working next to him equally cheery and helpful.   The room was absolutely beautiful and very clean.  Refrigerator, cabinets, stove, microwave and flat screen t.v.'s to boot.  The laundry room, exercise room  and snack and beverage room were all very clean and easy to find.  Very well kept and we'll run place.  I highly recommend it to anyone needing it for travel or even a mini vacation.
