5	What a great time we had at polar snow las vegas! We had orange with sweet cream and ice cream! My friend said he had the best tigersblood ever! We will be back, they give you a buy one get one free  card every other time! Craziness! I can get whatever size i want!
4	The dreamsicle shaved ice is delicious and it comes with Thrifty ice cream in the middle. I love that they give out buy one get ones (bOGoS) and the prices are great for the value. Thanks Polar Snow for keeping the summers cool!
1	i have never been so poorly treated in all of my interactions with vendors such as these. and lets be honest, the craft of snow cone making is not hard to perfect, so what else is there besides customer service? by far the rudest, most arrogant man i have ever met. i promise this is not senseless bashing, and i also promise that this review is not unjustified. our experience here was that bad. whoever the guy with the beard is needs to be very careful he does not treat others as poorly as he treated me. i took the wrong snow cone after it was handed to me by one of the guys working in the trailer, and he freaked that he had to make another one. he was so condescending, asking me how i didn't realize i had the wrong one. you handed it to me!! he lost his temper, threw the old snow cone in the trash, and basically threw a fit like my 4 year old does when he doesn't get his way. there are much better people out there who deserve your business more than these people.
1	The guys working here were unfriendly and sort of rude (to customers & each other). Ppl had to wait a few minutes before even being acknowledged and they kept slamming the window and cursing. They seemed unhappy working there. The big guy making the snow cones was dirty and sweaty and my snow cone tasted funny  (I had banana/pineapple with sweet cream, they were out of coconut) They also got my order wrong. The one on Cheyenne is waaaay better don't think I'll come back here.
4	This place would be Five star if I didn't have to WAIT so long most every time I get a craving for some yummy frozen treats. Now don't get me wrong they sometimes are super busy but I have been with nobody ahead of me and it feels like they move at a snails pace so that just isn't "five star" worthy to me but it is a super delicious place that gives out coupons to come back and "BOGO" which I love a good deal especially with perks. They have a variety of flavors and some different add ones to choose from. I really love the Tigers Blood with Sweet Cream or Mango with Chamoy added on. My kids LOVE the COLORS rather then flavors so I have gotten to try lots of the "green" items like LIME. I also got a taste of Cherry with Coke. Everything is always really good and they never skimp on the syrup. I also appreciate the fact even if you order a small they give you it in a cup that is easier to hold and makes it feel bigger. In reality I can only ever eat a small which I think is around $2 but my BRAIN always WANTS a Medium or a Large and I ended up throwing it away melted and sad or drinking it till I feel ill. Either way I think this place has great prices and friendly staff. I will warn that its best to bring cash as they charge those pesky CC use fees but hey I understand it costs them money to accept them and somedays I don't feel like riding to the ATM and love the luxury of being able to go "Swipe"
3	3.5 stars.My wife and I stumbled upon this place during a typically hot Las Vegas afternoon and were thankful for the respite from the heat. Based on its name, we were expecting a Hawaiian-style, snow-like, shaved ice treat, but it was basically a snow cone with fancier flavors. There are a plethora of choices, from basics like Strawberry to the more exotic such as Tiger's Blood. I ordered the Root Beer Float, which was served with a scoop of Thrifty ice cream in the middle. Not bad and it did remind me of a root beer float. My wife ordered the Big Stick, which was delicious. It tasted exactly like the ice cream bars we enjoyed during our childhood. The owners were terrific, answering all our newbie questions enthusiastically and serving us quickly. They even gave us a 2-for-1 coupon for our next visit, which was much appreciated. Overall, not a bad place for a cool snack.
