1	Can't believe this place stays in business with the horrible customer service their employees give. After yelling at me in front of my soon to be renter, the guy stormed off and wouldn't do the job. All I asked was that he clean behind the furniture, which I told him I would move. I even agreed to pay the extra cost he demanded, but he just screamed and yelled at me, then stormed off when I asked him to please do the job. The good thing was I found a professional company who did the job AND moved the furniture for me. Bottom line, look elsewhere before being belittled by their employee. Not worth the hassle and embarrassment when there are better companies out there.
5	Used these guys a couple weeks ago. They're fantastic!!! They did my whole house for $150, even getting some of the area rugs as a bonus.For that price, I figured they'd half-ass it. WRONG! The carpet in my roommate's room was almost black, but Carpet Sharks got it beige again. And the carpet in my dressing room was pockmarked with little black bits of ground-in mascara/eyeliner around my vanity. They got every single speck out!!I'm never using another service again...for reals! This service can't be beat!
5	Very knowledgeable and professional.  Very thoroughly cleaned pet stained carpets at a great price!  We will be using them again.
5	I hired them this week to clean the carpets in my old and new house. They did a great job and I couldn't beat the price! Will be using them again.
5	If you use another carpet cleaning company, you are making a mistake.  Used CS on a friend's recommendation & couldn't be happier.  No gimmicks, no false prices, these guys came in, did their job superbly & came in under budget.  They did my whole 1800sf house in under 3 hours.  Outstanding work!
5	I used their service twice past two weeks for old and new home.  I liked the way they handled pricing as they were honest and upfront and didnt up charge for additional stains or common area spots.  They were great overall, polite and did a thoughrough job. The only thing I would suggest to them is some sort of appointment confirmation that could be implemented with the reminder or appointment. I was wondering the whole time if they remember about the schedule I have set a week ahead of time. They showed up all right, but wasnt sure till I called them the day of appointment.  Pro job on the carpet. I would definitely recommend them and use them again.
5	On time. Professional. And my carpets came out just a bit better than I expected. In short, I will use them again and I would give out their name to my neighbors! I'm a landlord, so I'm pretty picky. They were excellent. No upsell, etc. Just a straight forward great job. After they were finished they did offer some suggestions and alternative cleaning products for next time. I appreciated the time they took to discuss options.
5	Definitely recommended! For girls, my roommates and I live like fraternity boys and our house has been destroyed from just multiple foot traffic and on top of that, three dogs. Safe to say our carpets are completely destroyed from just day to day "wear and tear" but these guys did an amazing job on our carpet. Pricing was ideal and they did our entire house. Will be happy to use them again!
5	I found carpet sharks on yelp yesterday and spoke with a guy named paul and set up an appointment for 11 am to have them come out and clean my carpet in my break room!  Jay was the tech that showed up a few min early and briefly went over the proses of what he was gonna do and the got rite to work! I will attach some pictures of the work and I have to say I am very satisfied with the work they done and it came out amazing! He took his time and really showed that he took pride in his work! Thanks guys for a great job I will definitely send u work as it comes!
