1	My daughter used to go here.  The instructors are actually very good, so there's that at least. But honestly, I found the owner Rebecca Lehman to be unprofessional in how she treats people. She seems to be only concerned with getting money from other people's pockets into hers, despite advertising Peoria Cheerz as a non-profit on the company Web site. I cannot in good conscious recommend this facility to any parent.
5	My girls have been going to Peoria Cheerz for two years! My youngest started at three and half and the oldest started at five. They have both grown so much and love being part of a team! Their confidence has soared not only in cheer but in school as well. The teachers and staff are amazing. Rebecca, the owner,  was so generous to me when i experienced an unexpected lay off and even gave my girls "scholarships" to continue cheer until I was able to start a new job. Ms Shauntel is my youngest daughters instructor and my girl just loves her! She is so good with the young kids and is able to keep them focused and teach them moves that are up to par with the older kids! My oldest daughter loves her teachers too. Ms Carissa is my oldest dance teacher and she great! Her pink car and love for cheer and dance  makes her my oldest daughters favorite. We had a birthday party here and it was amazing! You cant beat the price and everyone in the party is taught a dance or cheer and they decorate the room so well. Ms Shauntel and Ms. Emily where our party host and they where amazing! Ms Emily is so great with kids. Ms Danielle is the girl who runs the show, when Rebecca is out, and she is on the ball! She is well organized and efficient and  great at making sure everyone is aware of what they need to do from performances to picture day! She rocks! Over All i would recommend Peoria Cheerz to everyone and anyone, and I have!
5	I have sent my 2 daughters to Peoria Cheerz for many years and it has been such a positive experience for us all.  My children love the coaches and have learned so much in regards to cheer and the responsibilities that come with. Rebecca and Danielle have always been professional and run the business well.   I will continue to recommend this business for all the classes they offer for boys and girls from dance to tumbling and of course Cheer.
5	Peoira Cheerz is the perfect place to learn proper cheer and dance technique. The staff is the best there is and make cheer and dance fun for their students. If you're looking for a gym and studio to give you the most bang for your buck, Peoria Cheerz is the place to go!!
5	Pink & Black!! My daughter was a cheer and dance student at Peoria Cheerz this past year and she loved it. She always was excited to attend practice and the coaches were excellent. Danielle at the front desk was very organized and did a super job communicating with the parents. We just finished our big recital to end this season, and it was so much fun for the kids and the parents. I recommend Peoria Cheerz for any parent looking for a quality studio for their child to learn cheer, dance, or basic tumbling.
5	My 2 daughters have attended Peoria Cheerz for 4 years. My oldest daughter will be trying out for her high school cheer team this year and Peoria Cheerz has given her the fundamentals to succeed at the next level.
