5	Great prices, great service, convenient hours!I live in the area of this dry cleaner and at least on this side of town I had a difficult time finding a good dry cleaner without paying tons of money.  Thrift-D-Lux does a great job every time, the employees remember you if you're a regular, and the clothes are always back on-time or early.  They even have convenient hours for those of us who get stuck at work past 5pm.  I'm not sure this is true but I have heard that it is owned by Al Phillips Cleaners so when they send your stuff to get cleaned it goes to an Al Phillips but at half the cost :)The trick is to go online and pull up the 20% off coupon on your phone before you walk in the door.  Do that and this is the best value in Las Vegas!Unlike other "discount" cleaners, I have never had any damaged, lost, or destroyed here.
5	Tried this cleaner based off of a recommendation from a co-worker. Being the procrastinator that I am, I dropped my formal dress off the day before I needed it for an event. The manager was awesome and put my dress in for same day service even though I showed up past their cut-off time of 9am. She also gave me a first time customer discount. These things along with the fact that my dress turned out beautifully is what guarantees that I will be a repeat customer. Great experience!
5	I am so happy that I searched Yelp for an affordable local dry cleaner.  This place is great!  Upon entering it was super clean and a guy greeted me right away.  I just needed a pair of dress pants dry cleaned and I was so surprised that he quoted me price under 3 dollars plus I got a first time customer discount of 20%. Bam! Crazier....he said I could pick up my pants tomorrow.  This is too awesome to be true! Under $3 and next day service.I haven't picked my pants up yet, but at this rate, I'm sure they are going to look fabulous. I have paid $7 plus for one item at other cleaners and the only other dry cleaners that are less usually take cash only and the facilities look tore up. Check this place out! They're nice, it's clean and I'm pretty sure my pants will be perfectly clean and pressed.
