5	Just had a Meatball sub with sausage, peppers & onions (sans sub, no carb new year) and it was delightful.  I beleive it's a husband & wife running the show and they are extremley nice & helpful with what to get.  I can't seem to find them on Yelp so I figured i would spread the word.  I can't say officially they are open on Tuesday & Thursday but that's what it seems like.  Give it a try and you will not regret it.  P.S. They take Visa:).
4	Mmm-meaty deliciousness! Packed with flavor, their meatball sandwich is plentiful and will make any empty belly full. It was actually so big, I couldn't finish one by myself. I cannot remember off the top of my head what else they serve...ah, yes, cheese steaks. They made quite an impression on my colleagues when they participated in a work event a few months back (my co-workers keep asking me when they are coming back...soon, I hope). The husband/wife pair are very friendly and serve up great meals! Cash or credit, they'll get you fed right.
3	I had the Italian Chicken sub. Pretty good. Cubes of chickenBell peppers and onions lighly sauteed on a ummmmm say bout an 8 inch sub roll. 6 buckssee photo's.. (most of everything is 5-7 bucks I do believe)Joe seems to be pretty cool from what I gathered from a conversation he stired up with 3 guys that ordered AFTER me. I guess there is a First Time Customer no speeking policy he has or something. Hey, maybe next time he'll speak to ALL custmers.. Then again... It took a while for me to try them out because I didn't know they accepted CC's. Welp Yelpers... THEY DOOOOOOOO!!!!!BLOW THE TRUMPETS!!!!
3	First time visitor to this truck, tried the chicken cheese steak and wasn't impressed though it looked good.....cubes of chicken breast, peppers, onions and provolone(so they say).  I don't think it was really provolone and I can't say I've ever had that type of cheese before but it wasn't good...I spent most of my time scraping it off.  Overall it was ok, too much pepper....I've definitely had better.
4	Only one visit to date and I tried the cheesesteak with just onions and cheese.  I must say, it was pretty good.  Fresh bread, good ratio of filling to bread, cheesy, drippy, flavorful like a cheesesteak should be.  The only negative was that the meat could have been seasoned more as it was grilled up.  After the first bite I had to add a good dose of salt and pepper before I finished.Haven't quite figured out their schedule yet as they seem to appear on random days at the corner of Third and Tryon.  Could be I'm just random though and can't keep track of what days I go look!  :)
2	My meatball sub was kind of disappointing. I mean really all the meatball subs in CLT have beens sadly. More cheese is not the answer.
5	The best mobile sandwich shop ever!!!I visit them every Wednesday when I am at their location..The cheesesteaks are amazing!!!
4	Good things are found in this food truck. Namely, the marinated chicken sandwich which I swiftly inhaled at Chow Down Uptown. Really dig the coolers placed outside of the truck filled with bottles of water and sodas. Also, plenty of chips to choose from as well. The flavor of the chicken sandwich was great. Peppers, melted provalone, sauteed onions, and flavorful, piping hot chicken, on a hoagie roll. Served atop tin foil, which doubles as a stellar impromptu plate. It was delicious.Service was rather friendly from the owners. Pricepoint wasn't too bad. Next time, I'll bring my own drink and skip the soda.Looking forward to scoring another sammich around town. Thanks Clover Joes.
4	It appears since the last time was working Uptown, one of my favorite food trucks has found a permanent spot on the backside of Latta Arcade.The marinated chicken sandwich is still incredible and I've been told their bacon cheeseburger might be the best around. So it is still worth a visit. But, it seems they are a little more stingy on the amount of chicken in the sandwich, and even though I was warned, I did find the wait time to be excessively long. Maybe more people are ordering from there since it is in a permanent location, maybe I always found the right time to go when they were just a food truck.I will still go, because I can not overstate how good the marinated Italian chicken sandwich is, but I truly hope they take call in orders. I can't waste an entire lunch break waiting fro my order.
4	Fresh of the wheels of their successful food truck, Clover Joes now has a permanent location in the Latta Arcade. Service hasn't changed and the ladies are still super nice with the food being made to order. I can only comment on the cheesesteaks as I've had nothing else. They aren't too traditional, appearing to have a white queso like spread. Taste is legit nonetheless. Orders are delivered in a nostalgic brown paper bag. As far as what kinda nostalgia it invokes, well it's all relative I guess. Elementary  school lunches or wrapped over a 40oz of Old E - Whatever kinda of memories it invokes for you, I hope you enjoy their Cheesesteaks and Fries as much as I do.
5	If you want the best real cheesesteak in Charlotte go here! Tastes like I remember from Philly.  The bread is soft and the steak is juicy. The fries are great as are the prices.  I highly recommend them, only downside is their hours. I can't get them on the weekend or after 5!
