4	I'd give them five stars if it was free...but naturally, it's SO expensive to have anything done here. My MRI, by the time I'm finished, will be over $2,000! I would so rather buy clothes, go to Tahiti or highlight my dog's hair then spend it on an MRI. But, health comes first. The actual location I visited is at 3rd St. and Virginia. Bar none, it is the nicest, most comfortable and duly appointed medical facility I've ever been to...including Cedars Sinai in L.A. Leather sofas, fantastic artwork and cookies!!! Even the room where I had my MRI was like a freakin hotel suite with furniture and paintings. It was very soothing which I needed cuz I was about to be strapped to a conveyer belt and run through a tube slightly larger than me! My tech was awesome, I listened to music and he was able to speak to me through a wired microphone so I didn't feel too trapped. Front desk help was extremely helpful and friendly. When they saw my jaw drop after announcing my "tab", one receptionist quickly said, "Oh, if you can't pay in full today Mr. Smith, we could set up a payment plan." LOVE YOU RECEPTIONIST LADY! Anyway I hope ya'll don't need such medical attention, but if you do Simonmed is your team. Cheers to good health fellow yelpers!
1	Too Big ...too corporate...too bad.called corporate HQ ahead to make sure all was okUpbeat youngster  directed me drive 30 minutes in pain to get a x rayin the 106 deg heat, with no AC.The receptionist at the Orange Grove office,told me they don't even have an x-ray machine.They offered me gas, for my hour drive. $5 .....they can Keep it.Radiology Ltd.....not as cheerier ....not as big...Give them your business....they will not let you down.
2	There is a check in time they conveniently forget to tell you about when you schedule, your appt time is actually 30 minutes later. At this point they will call you back and have you sit for another 30 minutes while you wait for the person in front of you. I spent 4 hours here trying to get an MRI the machine kept stopping mid test. Which i was told never happens... If you can get a referral for somewhere else do so this place is pretty terrible. They do not value your time at all. I have been 4 times never called back on time there billing is terrible too don't overpay or you'll end up waiting 14 months to get a refund check. Literally.
