2	Well, this place is good.  The food is kind of that outdated tropical fare and lacks any sort of innovation.  The atmosphere has that TGI fridays chain feeling to it, but instead of shit on the walls its upscale tropical.I wouldnt really go back unless i was invited by someone else.
2	Eh... its an ok place to go. The service was pretty decent when we went but it was kinda empty for a Thursday evening or maybe it was just my perception and the food was just ok..  I don't know, I mean for me to write a short and non-indepth review that says alot. Maybe they were just having an off night? I may give them another chance one day in the future.
4	The good the bad and the heavily sweetened.  As for the place, I cant say enough it is very well done.  The top floor restaurant has stunning views and the decors atttention to detail is phenomenal.  The service was very friendly and helpful.  The food was super tasty in the way ice cream is tasty, full of sugar.  But it is carribean flavor and I am a poor judge as I really like healtier fare without the white poison.  I stuck to the fish tacos (grilled fish and their biggest seller) and the regular Marguarita so its not like I searched for the lowest sugar content  either.  Please try this place despite my dietary stuff, it may be a tad pricey but it is really worth the extra few bucks.
2	I enjoy the restaurant, especially in other locations when I go on vacation. What I don't like, unfortunately, is shopping in the store. If I want to buy, I go online. Last time I was there, the employees were much more interested in arranging the clothes, talking to each other and discussing their work schedules. I was shocked at how little concern they had for me as a customer purchasing (very expensive) clothing. The customer service, friendliness and attentiveness of employees definitely needs an upgrade!
5	Excellent!  Great food and wonderful service!  The waiter was really good.  He gave many suggestions on what to order.  I got the chicken (the one that is Parmesan crusted) and my husband got the pork.  I also ordered the crab soup and the waiter brought over for us to try (didn't charge us) the Tortilla soup.  Everything was delicious!  Dave was our waiter and he was fantastic!
