5	super fresh food..great prices. ala carte and entrees both.
5	I was in the Kabab House for the first time on Sunday night and I simply loved it. Great family owned business that had fresh food & a great feel to it. I'll be going back and I would recommend it to anyone. Great experience.
5	This food is DELICIOUS!  So happy when I come here. The family who runs it is gracious, hospitable, and full if great suggestion to those who aren't familiar with their cuisine. Should be on diners, drive ins and dives- flavortown!!!
2	So I was super excited when a new middle eastern restaurant opened up within walking distance. Unfortunately, I'm left pretty disappointed.To the staff's credit they were incredibly polite and the service was great. Unfortunately the food was simply bland, especially the hummus. I'm pretty sure they just ground up some chickpeas and called it a day.  Also the food took way longer than it should have.  The cook must be pretty new to this whole restaurant thing because they only cooked one meal at a time. I had to watch them cook and serve the 2 other people who arrived before me one by one in order.  Given that pretty much everything served here is either already prepared or grilled, they should be able to prepare multiple orders at once.I'll try them again in a couple months just to be fair, so I hope some garlic and spices finds it way in to their food.
5	The best Middle Eastern food I've had in Phoenix!  I tried this for the first time last night.  I asked the gentlemen if they were family recipes and he said of course.  I will say, I am incredibly picky about my falafel.  I try it everywhere and outside of Saba's, am consistently disspointed, no matter how good the other dishes may be.  When I tried this falafel, I knew I had found a place for me!  Additionally, the meat was so tender and delicious!  The kabob mix, with chicken, beef and kefta was amazing!  The food is incredibly fresh an excellent quality.  I will agree that the hummus is not as flavorful as some I had, but it was still very fresh.  Since it's a family recipe, I just thought maybe their family didn't like as strong of a flavor to it?  Plus I find most people to think hummus is supposed to taste like the stuff from the market or Trader Joes.  That's not real hummus. It was a bit slow in preparation, but they haven't been in business that long, and making everything fresh does take more time.  It's not a nice, sit down dining environment.  Fine for a lunch or whatever, but just don't want anyone to be disspointed if you're doing here for a nice dinner, but the food cannot be beat, so perfect for takeout or a very casual dinner.
5	I been to other Middle eastern restaurants, all of them famous with their stinky floor and stuff. But when I tried this restuarant I found out that was one of the best and cleanst restaurants ever I tried in my life. They have fresh and tastey meat. I recomend this awesome restaurant for everyone.
4	Delicious. The salad is outstanding. The kebobs were outstanding. The humus is bland, bit well made. The iced tea is terrific. The staff are friendly. The prices are reasonable and the servings large. I had to try the beef egg roll; quite different and fun. We will definitely return.
5	The service was great and the variety on menu good. All food prepared up front visible to the customer which I like. The food was great, be prepared to leave full.
5	My new favorite Mediterranean food restaurant! Great food at a great price. Wonderful customer service. The grape leaves and gyro are amazing
4	Our new favorite resturant for a weekday date night! We werent sure what to expect at first when walked in. Though we were happily surprised by both the great food and kindness of the employees! We ordered the Gyro plate and the Kabab Koobideh plate. They both came with a generous portion of rice and a wonderful half salad and at a decent price! It left us full but not overly stuffed. We'll definitely be back with friends and look forward to trying more of the unquie menu.
5	Great Food! Good Service! Very friendly family owned business. I'll be back many times! I love the food. The chicken, the bread, rice, salad. Everything is great. Very fresh, quick service and wonderful.
4	I am always SUPER excited when an authentic ethnic eatery pops up in my hood. And Kabab House definitely did not disappoint!It is right by our house and after passing it countless times we finally decided to pick up some takeout for a late lunch.I ordered the falafel pita and my husband had the chicken schwarma pita. My husband picked it up and said the family that ran the place is so nice. The guy at the counter even gave my husband a free soda because he felt bad about the short wait for food.He brought our food home and we were surprised when we opened our food boxes with the enormous serving of french fries that came with the pitas. They were piping hot and sprinkled with a unique seasoning. We were only able to eat about a third of the fries, since our pitas were huge as well. My falafel pita was awesome. Very flavorful. My husband loved his chicken pita and said the seasonings were perfect. They gave us sides of sriracha. That is a restaurant after my own heart.I highly recommend Kabab House. Lots of delicious food for a reasonable price served by a very nice family.
5	Love this place! Great tabouleh, falafel and kibbeh. Decor is a little antiseptic so best bet is takeout. Family run business which is great. We have generally went to Sabas but after trying Kabob house we haven't been back to Sabas once.
5	fantastic to have a true Mediterranean restaurant where everything is fresh and tasty. try the yogurt drink...perfect!  chicken Sharwma was superb. my new favorite local restaurant
5	Super friendly. Family owned. Very clean and the chicken kabaab and gyro are the best!
4	I saw a sign for this place on our way to the movies this weekend. We stopped by for lunch after our movie.Place is small and so so. Service was really good.We had the humus with meat (great idea), hubby had a gyro sandwich (pita wrap) and he loved it. Fries were good too, tasty and crunchy.I had ordered a cubideh sandwich (wrap) but ended up just eating the humus, and taking the wrap home.Hubby thought humus was kind of bland, I thought it was OK.  The meat was like hamburger meat but with herbs and spices, I liked it very much. The portion was reasonable (~$8, it is an appetizer).We want to come back to try the grape leaves, the baba ganoush, and the tabouleh.
5	What a wonderful surprise, this restaurant was. This is a family owned restaurant and they are all so nice and welcoming. I had the kafta plate which was more than enough food. They do a special trick with the rice which makes it taste like no other. You will have to give it a try.
5	These guys are great. Extremely friendly and nice service. Food is perfect, I wish they would dim their lights and make more cosy atmosphere. The food sure deserves it. Anyway, this restaurant well deserves full five stars. Food is great. Service is careful, accommodating and friendly. Everyone should try it out
4	This place is FANTASTIC! Very generous portions for the amount of money your meal costs. Get the gyros!  So delicious. Everything is made fresh to order. Their hummus with the ground beef was very good. This place, while not fancy, definitely is comparable to The Persian Room at a fraction of the cost.
3	Unhappy about the hours. Change the yelp ad. You guys are closed Sunday! I drove all the way out to get my favorite food to find you are closed.... Common now!!
4	Very Cool Mom and Pop restaurant serving some delicious and very affordable middle eastern food. You can dine inside their cozy restaurant or have them fix you up for some tasty take out.Believe or not we used to live right behind this restaurant before they built the SR51. Sure wish they were here back then. We could have easily walked right up or taken our bikes and had one of those stimulating Green Earth experiences.Came in here the first time and went with the standard Gyro combo with fries and a drink. Caught an eye of the Baklava sitting nearby and had to also get one of those bad boys. Food was very tasty and I made sure to bring the wife back for a return visit.The menu is pretty good sized and has all the popular favorites that you can imagine. Gyros, Kababs, Shawarmas, Falafel, Hummus and then some. I also really like the take out menu. It is nicely done and has several pictures of all the different items. Nice!The owners are both super friendly and excited when you arrive. We even talked baklava recipes for a moment while we were settling up. They make theirs the same way we do using pistachios and a touch of cardamom and a hint of rose water in the syrup.Right next to the large movie theater in the adjacent Rad Shack parking lot. See you there next time. KEEP IT LOCAL WHEN CAN!4 STARS
5	This place is AMAZING and DELICIOUS!!!! The food is authentic and made to order. I would come here everyday if I lived closer. Don't miss this tasty and satisfying new restaurant!!!!!
5	All the food is very fresh and incredibly delicious. I had the falafel plate, which included not only 6 falafel patties, but a salad and a generous helping of hummus and pita. Everything was prepared to order (not ahead of time) and spiced to perfection. The staff were very friendly, to boot.
4	Ordered takeout from the place and the food was great. We got the gyro salad, a side of falafel and also the gyro plate! Definitely will be coming back for more! Have been wanting to find a good mom and pops Mediterranean place nearby and this is it! Decent prices for a good amounts of food!
2	It didn't work out for us. We went on Saturday night, about 10 tables, only two people were there eating.  Service was not very friendly in my opinion, counting their money. I felt like I was an inconvenience. As far as the food, I find that most Mediterranean food tastes the same not a lot of variety.  Baba gounash was good, but overall nothing memorable.
4	This probably one of the better Middle Eastern restaurants I've eaten at in Northern Phoenix and they are a very nice family run restaurant. The food is great, the prices are very good and it's very fast ... you can't beat that!
