1	This is easily the worst golf course I have ever played.  There are several problems with it:First of all, it's a desert course.  Not that there's anything wrong with desert courses, but on some holes, the fairway does not start until 150-200 yards off the tee.  That's fine on most courses, but on this one, if you don't hit the fairway, it'll be nothing but dirt and rocks.  No rough or anything.  On most long holes, if you mess up the tee shot, your hole is blown.Second, the layout is dangerous, especially on the back nine.  There is one spot where three holes more or less converge, and you are right in the path of errant shots from not one or two, but three holes.  You have to keep your eyes open or you can get nailed.Third, there is no enforcement of pace whatsoever.  We played there during the summer, and there was a line at the tee for most of the front nine.  In all, the game took 5 1/2 hours to play, which is ridiculous.Finally, very few holes have yardage markers.  Combine this with no GPS, and it makes club selection very difficult, if not impossible.  It's tough to get an accurate measurement by eying it or using the scorecard.The only redeeming part of this course is an island green on the sixth hole, although I should note that it appears as if nobody bothers to repair ball marks there.
4	This golf course was pretty nice. While it was a bit more difficult because there is a lot of desert and less grass areas, it was still a great experience.On-Time for Tee Time: They kept us on the schedule for our Tee off. They didn't have us go early, like I have experienced at other courses. Other courses that start doing that and end up 30+ minutes ahead and then others miss their scheduled tee time, when they are actually on time. Not here. They stuck to the schedule.Pace: The pace was great. There was not the tight management as I have experienced at other courses. We did have a guy come and ask if the pace was ok for us, and we were fine. I didn't feel stressed about keeping up and we didn't really wait all that long by the time we got to the next hole. Other reviews may say the pace was too slow. That is their preference, but I wouldn't mark it down because of that. If you want a faster pace, go to another course that runs it that way.It was a great relaxing time of golf, even though my game that day was horrible. :)  Of course, it is always horrible. I need to take some lessons. Hahaha.Layout: It is a bit dangerous with the layout on some of these holes. One of our guys was nearly hit by a ball within 3 feet. Yikes!  -- It wouldn't have been so bad, but no one yelled out "Four!" -- That is not the fault of the course, that is the fault of the golfer not being responsible.Included lunch: This was great. The sandwich was full of meat for me. My friend ordered the tuna sandwich and it was packed with tuna. Great lunch after a great game.I would have given this course a 5, but with the dangerous layout of some of these holes, I had to mark it down.
5	Great golf course, fun track. Long, challenging - without being to difficult.  Fairways and greens were in great shape. Pace was solid and consistent. Good times. Check golf now for better rates than just calling the pro shop.
