5	Love Love Love this place. It has great sandwiches and the pizza is tasting as well. (just basic, but good). The service is very nice too! They bring out your food and come back to ask for refills. Its not the typical, "Order and sit" kind of place. I feel like I am eating at a friends house and their Mom is making you lunch. I would definitely recommend. (And some people I know compare it to Subs West--which I believe has closed quite a few years ago). YUM!
5	Fresh meats, a great roll and without a doubt the nicest people in town. this place rocks.Threy also make a very underappreciated cicilian pizza. best i've had.almost always the owners taking your order and they care about making sure your happy. i make special trips from ahwatukee all the way to 51st & northern just to eat at submarino's.
3	I work near this place and I recommend.  I usually get the food delivered to my work but I have been inside.  The atmosphere is your typical casual pizza joint.  It's located in a dumpy strip mall but the service is very friendly and it seems to be a family oriented environment.  I've only tried a few things but have enjoyed them.  I like the turkey sub.  The pizza is tasty too.  It can be a bit greasy but it has a great flavor and I just soak the excess up with a napkin.  I usually ask for it well done too.  I probably order lunch from here two or three times a month.  The customer service is great and they are very quick with their orders and deliveries.
5	I have been coming here for years, but just picked it up for dinner tonight and thought I would review. This place is excellent! The food is fresh and the service is so nice. The owner is usually there and she remembers my bf and I when we come in (which isn't that often considering we live in mesa... but totally worth the drive). I usually get pasta of varying forms (Lasagna, ravioli, manicotti) and it is always good. It comes with salad, garlic bread, and a drink for less than 10$! That is amazing! I only wish they were closer so I could go here more often. Their pizza is also really good, but I haven't tried the sandwiches yet. If you want to have great italian food with fabulous service for a real steal go to Submarinos!
5	I love this place. Food is amazing and people are awesome. This is the real deal Italian shop where you feel like at home.
5	I went to this restaurant last night and got the baked ziti with sauce.  it was SO good, I ate the whole thing (and the portions are huge!).  My girlfriend got a sub with turkey, ham, bacon, lettuce, tomatoes and special sauce.  She said it was definitely the best sub she's had in a long time!  We've lived in the neighborhood for a while and can't believe we didn't try this restaurant sooner.  We can't wait to go back!
5	I've been to this place a number of times and I love it!  The food is wonderful and truly authentic.  I love the lazanga, pizza with pepperoni, sausage and mushrooms, spaghetti and meatballs and italian sausage sandwich.  You can't go wrong here!  Oh yeah, the service is awesome!!  It's always nice to go somewhere where they know your name!!
3	Very nice family operation.  Pizza was very good (more like Streets of NY) the cold Italian sub was tasty but on the skimpy side with the meats & cheese.All in all a good experience and we will give them another try real soon.
2	From the looks of all the reviews maybe we ordered on an off night or ordered the wrong things. We did not have such a great experience. We got a menu on our door and decided to give this place a try. I placed a phone order and the lady taking my order sounded like she could care less if we were ordering from there. The food did arrive quick, the menu states allow 45 minutes but i think it got there in about 20, which caught us off guard. I was ::cough:: unavailable and the hubs was doing dishes when the door bell rang. He answered the door about a MINUTE after the door rang and the delivery guy flat out asked him if he was taking a nap! Kinda funny, kinda not. Hubs ordered some type of sandwich which he was immediately pissed off about. There was barely any meat on it, the bread was rock hard and it just looked like it had sat around all day. I ordered the Eggplant parm meal which came with some garlic toast and a side salad. The salad was very small and very old looking, wilted lettuce. The pasta was cooked, the sauce was ok, the eggplant was hard to find under the mountain of cheese, which lots of cheese is usually a good thing, but this cheese doesn't like to budge and was like a solid mass. Maybe after reading other reviews we will try something else but our first impression was less then stellar.
5	awesome food great people they treat you like family or life long friends I recommend this place to everyone I talk to
3	To keep our Drive-In tradition alive, J and I searched the Yelp App for a pizza place on the west side of town.  Somewhere close to the drive-in.   We found Submarinos. We walk inside and are immediately hit in the face with fantastic smells of marinara sauce and bread.  DROOL!!Us not knowing what to order - Pizza or a hot sub....we got both.  Each a slice of pizza and a hot sub. Mine - Slice of Cheese.  Eggplant Parm sandwich.  Small tossed salad. J - Slice of Cheese with Meatball.  Super Pizza Sub - Pepperoni, ham, onions, mushrooms, green pepper, pizza sauce and cheese.We got our food and headed on over to the drive-in.  First item we dove into was the pizza slices.  VERY TASTY!!!  Nice chew to the crust.  Not overly sauced.  And that's about where my enjoyment ended as far as my food went.   The tossed salad - DROWNED IN DRESSING!  Seriously, there was more ranch than lettuce in the cup.  I took 1 bite and tossed the rest.  I should have opened up the "salad" prior to chowing on the pizza and dipped my crust in it.     The Eggplant Parm Sandwich - Now I'm used to getting my EPS's (which i LOVE) from an Italian grocery/deli.  I'm used to eggplant parm with some bite to it.  Texture. The sandwich I had on Friday, the eggplant was mushy.  So mushy in fact that if you didn't have the bread, you wouldn't need to chew.  I was VERY disappointed and threw most of the sandwich away.  The bread for both sandwiches - a regular sub type roll.  While soft, it's not something that will stand up to marinara sauce.  Should be crusty.  J said he liked his sub, other than the somewhat soggy bread.  He said we'll just get a pizza if we go back.
3	Great place to bring your hungry teenagers... Pizzas were great and Huge chicken wings with a fair share of dressing. Service was great with the workers always offering free refills at your table. Very friendly staff. I will be coming back go try the subs!
5	....Ive been here in the Phoenix area for only 8 years and although I havent been to 'every deli and sandwich shop in the entire valley,  Ive been to a lot!   After many 'drive-by's' I finally stopped in for a sub last friday.  I had the #1 basic Italian sub.....OMG  hands down,  the best I have had in Phoenix,  E A S Y ! great imported Italian meats everything super fresh....and R E A  L Italian!!  I went back today... the the #1 again! and tried the Meatball....BEST IN THE VALLEY! Great Meatballs again  the best Ive had in Phoenix.   this is a great Sub stop....and possible Pizza  They have Square Sicilian  I will be trying that soon and will let you know......This is a 'no-brainer'  best Subs in Town!!!
4	Very good food.
5	Just recently moved to a new location.  Same great food at a nicer location.  Great owners, great italian food (I suggest the dinner special) a great experience overall.
5	This place rocks! The value is incredible. Big portions - just what one should expect from a family owned neighborhood Italian restaurant. The pizza is new york style, the turkey sub has generous portions but the veal parmesan is out of this world good. The owners are usually there and they recently moved to a more vibrant location.
5	I so miss this place. The pizza literally ruined pizza for me I cant find a pizza this good in utah. I worked here for a couple of months back in '07. Ate here everyday never got tured of the subs or the pizza. Meatballs are the best ive ever had ever ever
