1	Port of Subs is a big time Subway knock off...Dude, I had a veggie sandwich from PoS and it was totally and utterly tasteless (wheat bread with lettuce, tomato, pepperoncini, olives and pickles).  Although I will say this -  Subway serves this exact same sandwich, and it is just as tasteless.  Which begs the question, why would PoS copy this crap?Answer: CRAP + UNORIGINAL = PoS (piece of sh*t)
2	It's a sandwich place, nothing fancy.They do slice the meats and cheeses when your order which is a nice point, but there are much better sandwiches somewhere in town.Their only saving grace, it their pickles are great, other than that, this place is pretty unforgettable.
4	I love sandwiches for lunch. I only get a 30 minute lunch and there are only a handful of sandwich places by my office: Subway Quiznos Port of Subs these are the three "chains" My first job was at a Togo's in California. Now that was a sandwich! Since moving to Las Vegas I have tried so hard to find another place that makes them like Togo's. There are some contenders, but nothing identical. Port of Subs in my opinion has a much better product than Subway or Quiznos, and while it is no Togo's, it satisfies my Togo's craving until I can get back to California. I stick with the basics, Turkey and Provolone on Wheat. Make sure you ask for extra veggies! Seems across the board sandwich shops in general have been skimping on the veggies. This particular POS location is friendly and fast, and that is important on a quick lunch break. I will be back!
2	This is the hour, lunch to be specific, 10-7 if you wear a badge. My name is Skacey, I carry a short amount of time to get fed and get back to work.11:43 AM, I step into the Port of Subs on West Badura. There are two dames behind the counter, to protect their identities, I'll call them Laverne and Shirley. There is one other patron in the establishment, quietly sitting and eating at a table by the window. As I step up to the counter, Laverne begins to head to the back and calls out to Shirley:"Hey, after this next order, can you clean the slicer" is what I heard her say, but aparently, Shirley translated that comment to be "I'm heading in back to slack off, you stay up here and work until your fingers bleed"At this point, I placed my order for a number one (always a safe bet at any fast food joint) As Shirley begins my order, I notice that she is heaping on piles of attitude. Now I'm not allergic to attitude, but I don't think its healthy to eat too much (I hear it gives you wrinkles) - In the interest of getting my order quickly, I let this go.Once she is finished with the lunch meat and attitude, she moves to the veggies. In a monotone voice she rattles off the choices and I make my selection. As she begins piling on the foliage, she drizzles dispair and loathing on my sandwich. Now these are just plain unhealthy, but again, I'm pressed for time.She finishes my meal and begins wrapping it up, she drops it next to the cash station and calls out to the back a word dripping with disapproval, snarkyness and vitriol. This single word impales itself on the back wall and runs down into a greasy puddle of hate. She said "Register!" clearly indicating that her toil was done and that someone else would have to deal with me as a pathetic customer.Laverne does not show up again to help me, she is likely a quivering mess in the back, dealing with her own issues. The third lady (Joanie?) takes my money and sends me on my way. As I leave, the other patron and I share a glance which reveals our understanding of what just happened.If you LOVE smashed bread, mediocre cold cuts, and average veggies, then perhaps it is worth seeing the drama that unfolds as young workers learn skills that will help them eventually raise the unemployment rate. Otherwise, you're better off driving 5 more minutes to another cheap belly filler.
5	Best sandwiches and nicest staff hands down!!!! A++++++++
3	This is a decent lunch spot.  It is next to the Starbucks where I like to work/study, and so it is a quick choice...The subs are good, fresh veggies (lettuce, tomato, pickle, olives, peppers...).  There are many options for wraps, even lettuce wraps, salads, and subs or grillers.  There are many options of meat and cheese.  They slice it right in front of you as you order.Some downsides to this spot - it is a little slow.  I imagine this is because it takes time to slice the meat/cheese.  The person putting the veggies on is never very fast.... the sourdough bread is extremely dry (I suggest another option).  The pasta and macaroni salad is just "ok" in my opinion.  I also think that since they are cutting various meat and cheese right there - they SHOULD have a separate meat and cheese slicer.  I find it wrong that it is done all on one...  The prices are average.. I would go more often if it was cheaper, that's for sure.Still, I have been here MULTIPLE times, and will continue to go here and there.  It hits the spot and fills the hole :)  The turkey/chicken/cheese combo is my fave, both as a sub or a wrap!
5	Great place to grab a bite, can get busy during lunch time. Can order ahead. Live there grillers.
5	I love this port of subs. I usually go for dinner and the same shift manager is always working. She's great, very friendly and patient when you can't make up your mind. We have a good chat every time I go. Not only do they have great service but their sandwiches are excellent as well. Freshly sliced makes all the different in the world. I also feel like I'm getting a fair share of meat on my sandwich unlike other sandwich shops.
2	This was the first time I've tried Port Of Subs and the experience wasn't what I expected - the morning crew needs to work on their Customer Service!!!! My husband and I came in while we waited for our Starbucks drink to be made. We both ordered Breakfast paninis the team member making our panini (I don't remember his name i threw away the receipt)  seem bothered while he was creating the sandwich... My husband asked if he can add the Avocado Spread to his panini and he verbatim said "are you going to add Avocado to a breakfast panini??!" An shook his head... I'm sorry, but it's not the team members choice to add/take away anything on a sandwich their there to satisfy and go above and beyond for their customers... After this experience I won't be coming in Again!!!
5	Called three other Port of Subs locations trying to get delivery to our apartment off of Russell and Rainbow. The one up on Jones and Flamingo does not deliver anything other than catering orders, and the one on Russell & Decatur doesn't deliver to our area because we're a good distance away. The one on Rainbow just south of Patrick, according to the Port of Subs website, offers delivery to our area but I only found out after *placing the order* on their website and calling the restaurant to confirm it that they no longer offer delivery whatsoever. Which is ironic, because they're pretty much four blocks from my home.These guys were just the opposite; the young lady who took the order apologized for the difficulty I'd had with other stores, ensured that my order could be delivered to me, confirmed all the details, made helpful suggestions, and was top-notch in her customer service. Their delivery driver was out so my order would be slightly delayed in arrival, she warned me, which is really appreciated--I know that sometimes delays will happen in delivery service, and their honesty about it is a breath of fresh air.Can't wait to taste the #18 (Roast Beef, Turkey and Provolone) again.
5	The masters of the lettuce wrap sandwich. Only store that uses fresh appropriately sized lettuce with a style of wrapping that minimizes the mess typically associated with this style of preparation!
5	I order online, stop in, pay, and I'm out in a jiffy! Easy and affordable. The number 10 is good!
4	Woefully, this location no longer offers delivery, which is the sole reason I patronized them previously. Well, that is to say that they don't offer delivery *directly*; they work through a couple of delivery services, apparently, so you can still get your sandwich at home.The problem with third-party services, depending on which ones they are, is that restaurants often have slightly different pricing for delivery orders, it takes longer for processing, pickup and delivery, and there's an extra fee tracked on by the outfit that does it. It's also less convenient.I understand that if a location is understaffed, or just can't make having delivery feasible, then it's not really something within their control to provide. The food is still pretty good here, but it seems silly to me to order a sandwich through a delivery service when I could instead order a steak or a plate of pasta from sit-down restaurants that wouldn't feature delivery normally, which is usually why I use delivery services in the first place.
5	Clean environment and friendly service. Food is fresh and well prepared. Loving the deals they offer and how well managed the establishment is. I come here to study and am always welcomed with friendly faces and fresh food. Drinks are always dispensed without delay which is to say their equipment is well maintained. Love watching football here ... it feels like home.
5	There are other Port of Subs locations closer to me, but I choose this one.  At least 80% of the time I get David, the best sub builder in the business!  The location itself always has fresh veggies and bread so my sandwich tastes good.  All of the people that help me are courteous and efficient, and they continue to be my sandwich shop of choice.  Thank you to David and everyone else at this location for always doing a great job.
5	Clean with friendly employees.  Located Next to Starbucks.  I love the mayo and mustard is mixed...that's my favorite thing about Port of Subs!!
