5	Great vet clinic. They have full service including a fabulous groomer.
1	Not the best experience with Joanne - the groomer in the vet clinic. Disclaimer: my cat is a little jumpy, but has long hair that matts no matter how many fancy foods, sprays, and combs I try, so requires a main body shave once per year.1) my appointment was rescheduled the day before - since I was the only client booked for that day she required I move to another day. Not ideal, but I get it.2) my 10am reschedule needed to now be at 9am if I wanted to minimize the wait time. Again not ideal, but I get it.3) an hour after I drop the cat off I get a call saying that she is 'freaking out, aggressive and tense' and the groomer cannot continue. Never happened before, but maybe she's getting extra old and cranky so ... I get it (I guess?).4) I pick up the cat who is half shaved, am charged full price (65$!) and get a good dose of cat shame from the receptionist ("I was warned not to put my hands near that one!"). The groomer doesn't even come to see me herself to explain. Uncool and unfair.5) I get the cat home and not only is she half shaved but there are GIANT (5x5) flaps of hair on her back that are shaved all underneath, but still attached on top by matted hair. Totally not safe for a kitty and required that I corner her and finish the 'hack-job' with kitchen shears. Unacceptable and unprofessional.I realize that sometimes it simply isn't safe to continue grooming an animal that is aggressive or seems pushed to the breaking point - my issues lies entirely with the fact that the half-done job left my cat with flaps of hair that could have harmed her by getting caught under the couch or bed, and that I was charged full price for a half done job. If the Monkland Vet groomer sees this - I would love a reply/explanation to help fully inform the potential patrons who may be checking this site. Saving that, I recommend those with kitties that need grooming steer clear.
5	I would like to thank Joanne for taking such good care of my cat. I was nervous bringing him in as I know he can be difficult. He won't let me do anything at all him it comes to taking care of his coat or nails for that matter. When I arrived at 9:00 I asked Joanne if I could come to the room and watch and she said yes as long as it didn't interfere with the actual grooming. Joanne explained that sometimes with the owner there the cat can become less cooperative as the cat wants to be with Mommy not the groomer. I stood and watched as she shaved my cat. Her patience as the cat started to move around the table was second to none. My cat put his 2 front paws on her shoulder and she started to sing to him and pet him and soothe him. He responded so well to her I was totally amazed. I was a nervous wreck and they were both having a great time. Joanne has taken care of my other cats for years now. My daughter, daughter-in-law and cousins all bring their cats to her. There is no other place we would go at this point. I was so impressed I had to hug her before I left. Thank you, thank you, thank you!
