1	This place is both very rude and unprofessional. Today I called to ask for a quote and this guy who went by the name of 'Javier' was very rude and even hung up on me without me finishing my sentence. I then called back to talk to a supervisor and he informed me that he was that, followed by the "f" word. Nobody should be treated like this over the phone, especially if you would like to use their services. I'm still very up set, sorry keyboard I'm punching hard today. Who the heck runs a business like this?!?!
3	Javier was vey helpful. He educated me about selling my Rolex, things to expect. He took the time to know more about my watch, like the model number and description at no charge.  Thanks Javier.
4	A few months back my girlfriend and I payed a visit to this place. We had some old broken gold chains, gold pins & and rings we could no longer use or wear.We'd never visited a place like this before and didn't have high expectations for getting much for our old gold.We found them to be very polite and the guy who purchased our gold from us was very informative. I was curious as to how they determined the value of the gold. He proceeded to show us the acids that were used in the process and explained it all to us.As an added bonus we were pleasantly surprised at what our old gold was valued at. We got the cash and ended up having a fun evening on the town thanks to some old, broken gold pieces that would have other wise just laid in the bottom of a drawer for years to come.
4	Yesterday was my first time ever going to a cash for gold place and I have to say that if I ever want to go again, I will certainly come here. I had a gold bracelet that I found years ago and it was gaudy and useless to me so I decided on a whim to take it in to see how much it was worth. I should have done this years ago! Very surprised at how much $$ I received for it. The manager was extremely personable and the whole transaction was quick and simple. Driving home all I could think about was "Do I have any other gold that I don't want?"  I definitely recommend them.
