5	Lilac, is the best groomer I have ever seen. I have two long haired German shepards that hated to get groomed, until they went to The Spaw!! Now two very happy doggies!! Thank you!!
5	I have been taking my princess to Lilac for several years. She is Amazing! I would not let anybody else groom my bella. I really cannot say enough about lilac, besides she is a great groomer and she goes the extra mile every time. Also, the new shop is gorgeous! Anybody who's looking for a great groomer should go see lilac at the spaw! you will be not be sorry.
5	Took in my blind Bichon Maggie who is very nervous in new places.  Lilac did an amazing job with her and was very patient.  Maggie looks wonderful!!  Lilac also groomed one of my foster dogs, Levi and Timmy, for Foreclosed Upon Pets, Inc.  I would most certainly recommend her.
5	Love love love lilac!! She the best! We trust her with our Shih tzu minja. Would follow her anywhere. Best place around!
5	Lilac is the best groomer in town. Wouldn't go anywhere else.
5	I have two long haired Shepards, who hate going to the groomers,  but lilac did such a wonderful job with my dogs!! They are both excited to go back!! Thank you spaw!!
5	Lilac is the BEST!!!!   She has been grooming our little man Biscuit for over 2 years now and I am so glad that I found her after she left Elite Grooming Boutique!   She does an AMAZING job on him and he just loves her and so do we!  Would never go anywhere else!
5	Where ever lilac goes I follow ! Hands down best groomer I have found. My doggies always feel relaxed and calm with her.
5	Lilac is an excellent groomer and you can tell she really loves each and every dog that comes to her shop. Lilac gave my dog a really great haircut and she's never looked cuter. If you want a really good knowledgeable groomer go see Lilac at The Spaw!!!
5	And just when you thought that the zombie apocalypse is upon us....BAM! Lilac shows up and the dark clouds disappear! Yes, folks! I fond my dog's (Sasha) styling savior! Since Sasha's one & only stylist left town a few months ago , things had gotten from sad to worse! My Sasha is extremely picky with humans esp. vets & groomers! I took her to Lilac and a few hours later...WOW! My wife and I are so happy and pleased with Sasha's new look! Lilac did an excellent job! the quality and detail that she put into the styling of Sasha is amazing! Now our journey is complete, we have found the THE place and THE person! Lilac you ROCK!  We are now part of Team Lilac! THE SPAW, bar none is the best grooming place in town!
5	So happy we found Lilac again through yelp! She has groomed my dogs before at a different spot and I was always happy with her work.The Spaw was a great new environment.  It looked and smelled very clean as I walked through the door.  I was greeted by Lilac and she immediately recognized my pups (which I REALLY appreciate, being in the service industry).  She sells a lot of great products and treats at an affordable price, which I love because every fur baby deserves something special after their grooming. She was very specific in asking what I wanted and I couldn't be happier with the way my dogs look!  Thanks Lilac!  We will see you soon!
5	First & foremost!!! Lilac is the bomb!!! Our mini schnauzer 15 week old pup  just got his very first haircut from her at spaws & he is sooooo happy!!! His hair was matted & dreadlocked out & he went from cute pup to sexy handsome boy!!! He looks incredible !!! He looks at himself in the mirror & thinks he's a stud!!! We called at 11am & she got him in at 1 same day & done by 2:30!!!  No cages & her chihuahuas guard the store & greet u when u walk in... We've had schnauzers our whole life and this is the by far the best cut by the sweetest dog lover ever!!! Customers for life... No puppy trauma & he gets excited as soon as we get to the parking lot... I am so impressed & ecstatic to find such a gem!!! Please bring your babies to lilac!!! Thank u thank u thank u!!!!
5	This place is GREAT!  I took both of my dogs in for grooming and I must say it was the best grooming that they have ever had.Easy access and a very clean shop, they also have a lot of healthy treats that my dogs really like (and yes, they are picky about their treats).It is also really nice to know that they have after hour appointments available for people like me who work odd hours.
5	I brought my Cavalier King Charles Spaniel to The Spaw to be groomed for the first time. The location was great, clean, and Owner so nice! It always so reassuring when the owner is the person greet you and talk to you about the grooming appointment. It made me feel at ease and comfortable! We were able to walk him into the grooming area and make sure he was happy. She called us as soon as he ready! His cut was perfect! He was so comfortable there that he was even taking a nap when we picked him up! I couldn't be happier with The Spaw and can't wait to make his next appointment!
5	found the spaw through helpful yelp reviews and thought i'd take my new shihtzu puppy miu miu here to get groomed for the first time- and i am so glad i did! this place is located in a convenient shopping center on s jones which is great because it's walking distance from where i live. lilac owns and maintains the store by herself and i really do give her props! the spaw is welcoming, organized and always clean. i always call ahead to make an appointment and she is very accommodating. miu miu loves coming here and loves likac and it makes me happy because lilac loves him too and cares for him like i would :) best part is he always comes out smelling amazing and looking so fresh and clean, absolutely adorable. she's definitely my go-to groomer now for miu miu and i highly recommend her!
5	As a new resident to Vegas I was a little nervous about bringing my dogs to just any groomers. My dogs are a bundle of love but are also a handful and I needed to make sure I found someone that genuinely enjoyed what they do. I read every review and post about nearby places... THANKFULLY I came upon The Spaw and Lilac! You can feel the love she has for your pet from the minute you walk in. Not only did she make my girls look and smell good, she also came up with different solutions to help my one dog with allergies and my other who started to pee around the new home!! If you are looking for a caring, knowledgable, animal loving lady then look no further. You will absolutely love Lilac!
5	The place is immaculate. My girls are a Yorkie and a Pug, we picked them up and they were beautiful.  Lilac, the groomer, pays close attention to detail. I was very pleased with the experience.
5	Just took Ewok, my approx. 6 month old shih tzu pup, to Lilac today for his first grooming and it was a great experience! I emailed her multiple times with questions a few weeks leading up to our appointment as we adopted him about a month ago and just recently finished his final set of shots so he could finally get groomed!As new puppy parents with a scruffy puppy that wasn't properly cared for or groomed before we rescued him, I had a lot of questions and Lilac responded to all my emails within a reasonable time frame.Considering that my husband and I both have really demanding and time consuming jobs, we were especially appreciative of her flexible schedule. We were originally scheduled for 3/4 PM on Friday but on Wednesday evening, we called and moved the appointment up to 5 PM Friday with no problems.Lilac did a great job as Ewok looked good and smelled great! Never knew a dog could smell so good!!We took advantage of the $10 off yelp check in deal but considering the great job she did and that we were her last customers on a Friday night, we tipped her $8 bringing our total to $43 ($45 - $10 + $8) as we felt bad for keeping her late on a Friday.
5	Great experience! She fit us in with my tight schedule and did a great job! I have a Pomeranian and she made his hair so fluffy and soft. Even trimmed his butt and back leg hair how i like (which other groomers seem to have a hard time doing correctly and a good job). I will definitely be back soon! My dog Teddy looks and smells great!
5	Yay!! I'm so happy I FINALLY found a groomer I like! Lilac was great with my two dogs and their haircut was beautiful. They were both nice and fluffy when I picked them up.. and the best part.. no knicks or razor burns anywhere! (This is a plus since I've had too many problems with other groomers in town) The salon was super clean and Lilac was very nice and accommodating. And if you check in on Yelp, you get $10 off!! Two thumbs up!
