5	One of the reasons proving that Verdun is now becoming a foodies part of town, Villa Wellington is one of the better Peruvian restos in Montreal. While there are more authentic places in and around the Jean Talon area, Villa Wellington serves some of the best calamari and shrimp I in Montreal. The Papa Rellena, a mashed potato fritter stuffed with beef and gravy is one of the best comfort foods I've ever had, perfect for our insane winters.Bonus: they serve Inka Kola here!
5	This is by far the best Peruvian restaurant in Montreal that I've eaten at. The service is good, most of the servers speak Spanish first and French second, then English if even.. The restaurant is decorated very Peruvian like, with the walls covered with Chullo's, pictures and small Inca statues. My favorite meal is the Jalea  plate, which is massive, big enough for two people as a main meal, or shared among a group as an appetizer. Ceviche isn't my thing but everyone i've been there with loves it. They have a very large menu of traditional Peruvian dishes and beverages including Papa Rellena & Chicha Morada (a traditonal beverage made from purple corn) or you can always go for a Peruvian soda call Inka Cola. Price is moderate, well worth the amount of food you get and the quality of food! :)
4	I tried this place on the recommendation of one of my coworkers who lives nearby.  She couldn't stop talking about this place and how it was one of the best places for Peruvian food in town. Now I can't say that 'm an expert on Peruvian food and this is the only Peruvian restaurant I've been to, so I'll reserve my comments to what I know.Let me start by saying that with a name like Villa Wellington I was sure this place was a souvlaki place! But boy was I wrong.When you first walk into this place you notice it's colourful table cloths and cozy feel. Our waiter greeted us at the door and showed us to our table, he was all smiles and instantly made us feel at home. He was incredibly helpful and nice and when he found out it was our first time visiting the restaurant he took it upon himself to make sure we had a good experience. We never felt rushed even when there was no one left in the place they made sure we knew we could stay and take our time. I have to give the service 5 stars.The food was great we ordered a little bit of everything tapas style and shared it between the two of us and we were both surprised at how good the food was the only dish which we found to be ordinary in comparison with the rest of the food was the calamari, not that it wasn't good but it regular calamari as opposed to great like the other dishes were. The sea food ceviche was awesome, it tasted so fresh and light I could eat that alone everyday. We then had Papa Rellena which I had never had before and they were also awesome. Everything was just very good.I found one little funny thing, I think this may be a left over from the neighbourhood Verdun use to be. When you look through the menu you'll notice Italian, Canadian and what seem to be non Peruvian dishes. I suppose this is to make sure everyone can find something to eat, even if they aren't sold on Peruvian cuisine. This is definitely a place worth trying and proof that Verdun or as my friend Rod calls it the Wellington village is really becoming a great little neighbourhood.I hope you enjoy!
2	Don't remember what we had - chicken in some kind of sauce. Not memorable at all, sad to say. Did like the vibe and service so I would give it another shot. Great looking patio in the summer.
5	We then ordered the small dish of Jalea. This dish encompassed everything perfect for a summer nighttime meal, seafood and FRIED. This dish is a trio of shrimp, calamari and fish, with a bonus player of potatoes.The batter was perfect, not too thick, and thin enough to add a nice bit to the seafood. I especially appreciated the onion slaw on top that had just the right amount of vinegar to cut through the oil and heaviness of the batter. Like I said, this was the small order, and were told that it's a personal portion, and the large was meant for two. As you can see, they obviously meant it would be enough for one person, should that person be a professional wrestler or a reality show reward challenge.
2	I was excited about trying this restaurant as it looked busy most of the time. Unfortunately, my wife and I both found the food a bit overcooked and very bland. Not memorable at all.
4	Very nice family style Peruvian restaurant in Verdun.  The Ceviche Camarones is tasty but very, very, VERY spicy...so proceed with caution.  I will go back with my wife and kids.  I think they'll enjoy it...but very lightly spiced :)
5	My very first Peruvian experience. Came out bloated (isn't easy for a foodie like me to say) and grinning from ear to ear. The staff looks all Peruvian. The menu, though, is a hotch-potch of Peruvian, Mexican, Chifa (Chinese style), Italian, and some standard North American. That, in no way, takes away from the experience. Peru is a country of diverse ethnicities and thus diversely influenced cuisine. I ordered a can of Inca Kola, which automatically comes with a glass to pour it in, minestrone soup with basil, and lomo saltado. Been waiting to try the lomo saltado for a couple months ever since my Peruvian friend said it's his favorite dish. Boy is it huge! I had to take a third of it as leftovers, yes, and I did mention I left bloated. Mix in the rice with the beef and veggies before taking a mouthful. And whoa! Inca Kola is like addicting. If you like A&W root beer or creamy soda of any kind, you'll like Inca Kola. Chicha morada is equally good. It looks similar to red sangria, but tastes like spiced fruit juice.
5	Absolutely great! Been here a bunch of times, tried their steak, lamb, seafood, all excellent top notch. Ordered the steak on a bed of vegetables on many occasions, consistently delicious, and always cooked just as i asked;) The staff has always been friendly and helpful on my many visits. Its a bit higher priced than some of the restos on Wellington, but you truly do get a great dining experience, worth it hands down. Ive always walked out of Villa Wellington super full, and totally satisfied.
2	Interesting menu with a lot of different choices. Unfortunately, the dishes were not as tasty as expected. The fried calamari was tasteless and rubbery. The shrimp ceviche not tasted very fresh and it was too salty. We took the stew beef with cilantro as a main dish. The meat was not tender and the sauce does not tasted the cilantro at all. Service is really good and efficient. The small terrasse outside is perfect for the summer days.
5	This was my first experience at a Peruvian restaurant, the food was excellent with generous portions, enough to take home for lunch next day.  The service was great, the waiters were very pleasant and helpful explaining the different dishes. I will go back for sure and would recommend this restaurant to any of my friends.
3	Although the food here has always been impressive on many visits, i have to say im a bit dissapointed to see my favorite dish go from $17.95 to $27 in the space of a couple years....
