1	Besides its convenient location near ASU, this place has nothing going for it. My roommates and I would constantly be told the wrong amount of rent that was due. Even though we paid on time every month, we were constantly getting charged late fees. The appliances were terrible, the disposal in the sink never worked even after the "maintenance" came to fix it, which in turn caused the apartment to have a stench. The air conditioner also dripped, which was a lot of fun when they couldn't fix it.Again, their excuse for bookkeeping is terrible. While my roommates and I have been moved out for about a month now, we are just now getting charged almost $1,000 for unspecified charges, including the aforementioned "late charges" that we shouldn't have been charged but were because they apparently didn't pass 4th grade math. We paid them anyway because we wanted to be done with this awful place, but they are still saying we didn't pay them. Evidently they just want to drain you of every dollar that you have because they can't keep it straight. We couldn't get out of there fast enough!!DO NOT LIVE HERE. IT WILL FOLLOW YOU WHEREVER YOU GO UNTIL YOU DUMP YOUR ENTIRE LIFE SAVINGS INTO IT. NOT WORTH IT.
1	You would think this is a good place to live, then you actually move in..My room was always uncomfortably hot and the A/C would do nothing, and if you turned it passed 74 degrees it would freeze and then not work at all, it would take hours to defrost and then it would drip a gross amount of water all over your carpet. Not only did we have cooling issues but heating as well, no heat for a month in the winter. The guy would act like we were crazy leave after ten minutes then it would start blowing out cool air. They had to call in specialists and one of the workers stole a marc jacobs necklace of mine. At first I just assumed I left it somewhere else in the apt and it would turn up (how ever I remember taking it off in the bathroom which is right in front of the ac/heating unit), now I am moved out and it was no where to be found and I only wore it twice so I know I didn't loose it. After I moved I sent an e-mail stating what happened and I even said in the email I am not looking for compensation for it I just wanted to inform them that it happened and be a little more aware of the people they hire.. I got a not very nice e-mail back from the manager to not accuse her employees of that and that it was impossible..then I explained they had to hire outside works to fix it, her response, ya so what do you want me to do about it..(She completely missed the point)  They have a trash policy that they do not keep up on unless they feel like it, I left my trash out for a few minutes while I was moving and they charged me $75..which is annoying considering they never enforce it unless they feel like it. Also they will sign for a package for you, but if someone else picks it up or if the driver doesn't leave it, they are not liable for it..kinda annoying when you order uggs someone gives it to the wrong apt and your out $140.00. I placed a work order the first day to have our carpet fixed because it wasn't installed right and these metal  prongs stick up and poke your foot, I placed this work order twice and I'm pretty sure I stepped on it when I was moving out. My boyfriend also lived their and they charged him for re grouting a shower... if a shower needs to be re grouted, that is because the building is old and shouldn't be a $200 charge on his account. The pool is constantly littered with people whom don't live there, it used to good for college students, now there are kids everywhere. My roommate dropped her keys off and they claim they never got them, so they charged $107.00, they also charged us $320.00 for a new carpet, how ever nothing was wrong with it when we left, it only needed to be cleaned which is normal. I can go on and on with stories like this but I'm not trying to write a novel here.. don't be fooled by the pool, gym, and computer room. It's not worth it!
5	Lived here for a year, and it was by far the most amazing apartment living that is available. The staff is amazing, the apartments clean. Everything is cut and dry, no guessing, and you're never left with any concerns. Every issue you have is addressed immediately and everyone always has the will to help, want to know, and sense of urgency that I look for with every company. Mark Taylor is doing something right! Keep it up!P.S Stacey Welch is by far the most helpful person in the office. Always ready to help and assist in whatever ways possible!! Cant say enough kind words about her!!
5	I lived here for 6 months before buying my own home and though I love my new home, I miss San Marbeya. Between the location, the hotel style grounds, the most amazing staff, I'd recommend this place over and over again.
1	my experience was not bad on The first few month, but the staff always change which is every one give you a different respond. The quality of the electrostatic not good.  also one day someone tried to enter my neighbor apartment!! I don't know where is the security. some of the resident who have a dog, they're not cleaning the dirtiness after  dog.!!
2	Read more: http://www.apartmentratings.com/rate/AZ-Tempe-San-Marbeya-111326868.html#ixzz31oDxwIbx
2	Beautiful place, very expensive and they duped me on my lease. Pleasant at first but then it went downhill.
1	I have lived here for only 7 months and they have received  over 10,000 dollars from me in rent. ( I have every receipt) .They charge a 510.00 fee just to downsize to an apartment. Plus, there dog park has holes dug in it. Dog rent is almost 50.00 a month. They do add so much extra charges. Plus people fly around in the parking lot. Also when you talk to other people about there rent it is always a different amount, "manger says, because they came in at a different time, and there are different specials." Literally a 2 bedroom here cost as much as a house payment. I actually read the whole lease after the fact I signed to all of it...Next time I ever sign anything I will read page for page. The lease here is if sign is your death sentence to rid you of any money you have.  This is my first apartment at 19 yrs old and they have ruined my experience. I have never spent so much money on anything. I would not recommend this place unless spending 1,200- 2,000 a month is in your budget.
5	I absolutely love living here! The maintenance team is incredible if you need anything at all, and the office team is amazing! So friendly. Any time I've ever needed anything they have jumped on it. It's a super clean property and they even have a company that picks up your trash at your front door! Central location, close to light rail. Absolutely perfect! Mark Taylor being Mark Taylor!
