5	THE Salon is such a great place to work! As a hairstylist I love the idea that we are more of a family then co workers. The people I work for are passionate in their work and their creativity shows it. Clients leave happy and have a great time when they are here. THE Salon is a hidden gem no doubt!
5	This is a very convenient place for a manicure and a pedi cure.  They have good hours and are located on Rainbow and Edna between Sahara and Rainbow in Las Vegas.I brought my son here who got a haircut too.  The staff was super friendly and they all talked about a healthy lifestyle.  I grabbed a sandwich from the coffee shop right next store.  If you are considering a new place for a hair cut, color, or nail service i would recommend The Salon.Ask for Nicole.
5	I rarely get my nails done. Something always pops up. The scent that greets you upon opening the door reminds one of a chemist shop than relaxing salon. It was quite a relief to get my nails done in a clean, well ventilated and pleasantly aromatic salon. However, that pales in comparison to Jazzi the nail technician. More like nail magician. I found a great deal on a social coupon site for the salon. Jazzi just happened to be the one that did my nails. I went in for a mani/pedi and was relieved that she treated my nails as if they were attached to royalty. I work with my hands a lot and have what I think of as an excessive amount of cuticle buildup. She removed it all and got my nails to be glossy and once the polish was on, it was as if I was straight out of a magazine. Jazzi is great with giving you that relaxing calm during the spa pedicure. I am not sure if it is technique or the quality of product used. Perhaps it's both. My color was exceptional. For a simple polish, it stayed on for many days without chipping. No bubbling under the color, no smudges. Most of all, Jazzi made me feel really comfortable. Very much like I had been going to this salon for years. She offered other services, but was never pushy about it or tried to do the sales pitch.
1	I purchased a groupon for this Salon ( Gel Mani/Gel Pedi). Since it was a newer place, not having a ton of reviews didn't scare me away.  When I called to book an appointment I asked what Gel polishes they had, I was told OPI. Great, OPI has great colors and they last longer than most.  I was booked for a mid day appointment,  and they took another client in my time slot (with Mary, who seemed to know her stuff and was more chatty and paid more attention detail) . I got put in a broken massage chair and waited for 20 minutes until another technician showed up.  I got a very shottily done pedicure with overall hurried attitude.  Let's talk about the Gel colors.  They had about 12-15 random colors (and brands- 2 orly colors, 8 gellish colors and a few others I've never heard of) the selection of colors was terrible (all of the gel polishes were in a basket,  leaking all over and just gross) the pedicure actually hurt, (as part of my big toe was filed off)  and was hurried. No salt scrub, just a small amount of Avon lotion and a not shiny gel polish.  The salon rents out a big space for NA meetings ( So it was really uncomfortable to have people constantly walking in and out)On to the manicure. ... here put your hand in this cold bowl of water,  did I mention the stopping every 5 minutes to greet a client or answer the phone?  They had lots of polish in the manicure room,  (I've never seen Avon polish at a nail place)I asked 4 times to put glitter at the base of my very hurried manicure,  that doesn't even go to the base of the nail.So if you want shotty service,  And an overall poor quality "treat" yourself day. This is the place to go. I took pictures to share with you. .Save your money and stick with your regular place.
4	I bought the groupon for my set of gels mani & pedi, it was $40 collectively! Everything was done in a timely manner. Cute and smaller salon! Make sure to make an appointment. Also make sure to leave a message if your call isn't answered. My nail artist did not do acrylics but did a great job on my gels! I got exactly what I wanted!
4	So I bought the groupon for gel mani-pedi. It was a steal as for 40 bucks you get both mani-pedi. First of all it's pretty hard to get appointment for the group. I had to wait for a week to get the appointment. On the day of my appointment I was running late and they were pretty nice about rescheduling me to a later time.I have to say my nail stylist did give me a lot of attention. I am super happy with my pedicure. I got red glittery polish which looks very cute. I got French manicure but it's not the best work I have seen. The lines are a little uneven. There are also not a lot of colors to choose from for hands. Also the salon itself is not very stylish. Lot of chairs are broken and you can see the place looks a little run down.All said and done, it's still a steal for 40 dollars if you can see past the salon decor. I am going back again for my 2nd groupon.
1	woww. where to start. got a groupon deal. they had the wrong number and address. I called the number on the salons website. no answer on a Saturday. I called so many times. I then call groupon. they had to contact the owner to tell them to call me. salons website is terrible. none of those ppl even work there. there's a new manager. update your website ! the salon was so hard to find. it's connected to a rehab center. 10 colors to choose from. the samples had smudges ! no hot towel for pedi. instead, a rough hard towel. not even sure if the tools were sanitized. my technician was wearing a sweater with holes in it. her co worker had a white wife beater with gray sweats sitting bare foot right next to me
2	First I'll say that there are two stars because my nail technician was a very sweet lady overall: it actually pains me to have to leave a poor review about her work. However ,now that it's been 24 hours since my appointment ended, I have to say that I'm very disappointed in my mani/pedi. I attempted to call the salon the day prior to confirm my appointment but the phone number here on Yelp as well as on Groupon were both generic outgoing messages. I had no idea if I was reaching the right place...The facility itself is a little difficult to find but when I arrived, it was clean and tidy. The only person there was my nail technician (I never did get her name) and she was doing her hair while I waited. The pedicure area was nice enough, and relaxing overall. I enjoyed the ambient music and small waterfall feature. The technician seemed a bit rushed and scatterbrained and had to keep leaving to check phone messages (again, she was the only person in the facility). I felt like she was rushing and several times it was actually painful as she worked on my toenails. I asked her not to cut them, just to file. Alas, she cut anyway and today I'm feeling the results...just 5 days before I depart for a vacation in which I'll be doing a lot of walking.  Not happy. As previous reviews have indicated, the selection of polish was disappointing at best. Based on those reviews, I considered bringing in my own, but that defeats the purpose of paying someone else to do the work. I settled for a glitter because that was the only one remotely in my preference from the choices available. I'll return to this glitter choice a bit later. After the pedicure we moved back into the main area of the salon so she could do my manicure. It was still a ghost town. No one else was there at all, this was a Saturday I was shocked. Once again, she was having to answer the phone when it rang. I don't begrudge her this but it made me feel like I wasn't important and as though her multi tasking affected her work. She definitely rushed through the manicure. I was bleeding at my cuticles. Today they are tender and look chewed up. This is the first time I've ever had a manicure where my nails actually look worse than when I started. Oh and the glitter: I realize there is a certain element of work involved to be able to have a glitter polish look sparkly: but she didn't even attempt to make my nails look nice. The glitter is sporadically placed and the gel itself is unevenly applied. Also, she did not shape my nails in any sense. My nails are short but they still could have been filed better. I won't return to this facility nor would I recommend it to anyone else. Groupon deal be damned, not worth it.
