5	Nothing but good things to say about this office! I went for a second opinion after a dentist at a chain dental practice told me I had a ton of cavities. I've never had a cavity in my life and get regular check ups so to get that many cavities within a year didn't make sense. I came to this practice for a second opinion and not only did I not have any cavities...but I was told that I didn't have to get expensive dental work done that the other dentist tried to convince me was crucial. FINALLY, an honest dentist that the patient can trust....I will never go anywhere else!
1	I have been going to Rose Family Dentistry for eight years, but rather erratically for the last four years. (I have 3 toddlers, and I am a full-time teacher, so doctors' visits in general have been on an only-if-absolutely-necessary basis.) I scheduled my appointment a month ago, and asked them to schedule a deep cleaning, but they said that they couldn't schedule it until they had seen me for a general checkup, regardless of... anything, but maybe they'd be able to fit me in after my exam. I have been in once a year for the past two years, both times for emergencies. On both occasions, I asked them to update my last name (I've been married for 5 years) and on both occasions, they took x-rays. When I went in today, they told me that I needed to update my paperwork, because I hadn't been there in 4 years. When I asked them if they were telling me that I hadn't been there the last two times (when I also updated my paperwork) they told me that those times didn't count(?). When I went back, the dental assistant couldn't find me in the system until I gave her my maiden name- it still hadn't been changed. I got my x-rays, and then the dentist looked at my teeth. I asked him about the deep cleaning. He informed me that his was a very busy office, and if I were to start scheduling my appointments six months ahead of time, then he could guarantee that they would have something available. His office is closed on weekends, and is generally closed when teachers don't have to work (they were only open two days during the two weeks of winter break), and I don't take sick days just to get a checkup. It will take months before I will be able to get in again. Unfortunately, I am a very busy person, who does not always know what I will be doing on a specific day, six months ahead of time. When I left, they said they would call me the following day to schedule a deep cleaning. They did not.I found Dr. Rose's attitude to be very condescending. He repeatedly remarked that I hadn't been coming regularly for the past few years. I have not been able to come in for regular checkups because you can't get x-rays when you're pregnant, and between work and breastfeeding, I didn't have much time to myself for ANYTHING for a long time. When I scheduled my appointment, my intention was to start going to the dentist regularly again. I plan on fulfilling that intention, but with a different dentist.
5	I went in for a general check up & cleaning. There was some confusion with the insurance but the receptionist ladies were really helpful in figuring it out for me. They got me right in after I finished the paperwork. Friendly staff, everything looks clean, & they had good music playing. I have no complaints!
1	Just an unhappy place to go.. and TEACHERS...and people with day jobs...BEWARE.. take your..wonderful dental health care plan somewhere you are appreciated!!   Relationships at this office are not based upon a foundation of consideration, mutual respect and open communication.  I am ok with a small stuffy waiting room that is close and crowded with chairs with metal arms... so close that you have to rub elbows with other people waiting...but the staff members sit maybe 5 feet from you and were consistently rude - and they lack patient commitment of time effort and appreciation for their patients... I am a teacher and asked for an appointment in mid JUNE...there was nothing available for me through the ENTIRE summer - so they scheduled me in OCTOBER! I would say the attendant was almost gleeful that she could not find me an appointment for that long...she said I should call 6 months in advance from now on.   As the appointment time neared they sent me a really poorly written  text reminder three weeks before the appointment - so I called them asking about it and the office woman was offended at me because I did not press C to confirm - and I said the text did not say that - but she was not interested in hearing me - she even acted like I was silly not to know that  - I tried to change the appointment because something had come up at school and she was very condescending...muttering about teachers and all their demands.. I informed her that I wasn't sure I could make it...she informed me that on Nevada day HER doctor was going to take the day off and take his children trick or treating, and said it in a way that indicated I was a horrible patient to prevent a man from being with his children. That poor doctor...if he only knew that his staff was giving away his personal information and information regarding what he is doing with his children.  I do not know the doctor personally in any way and think that for the sake of his family that his activities with his children should not be part of the conversation.  I had not demanded, only asked, because we had the day off..  That was the second time she had been rude when I had tried to make an appointment the other time was the previous Christmas when she told me the doctor likes to spend a couple of weeks with his family during the holidays.  I wasn't looking for a personal excuse.. just for a dental appointment.  The doctor and his staff did good work, They seemed to make time for the expensive things like a crown...but for preventative dentistry they were not interested in my business.  it is too bad that his help has him looking bad and over a barrel - I think that he thinks they are taking good care of the customers but if he only knew how bad that staff is for his business!!!  - even if the doctor does do a good job it is not worth being treated like you are a bother rather than a reason for the business to operate - I suggest if you are a teacher, or you work during the day that you stay away from this one,  Besides a friendly environment is easier to deal with - and this staff just acts like they are doing you a favor when they get you in for an appointment!  For all the money we pay for dental care a decent waiting room with clean chairs would be a plus too. - I do emphasize it is only the office help - the dental staff did a good job once you got through the door.. I had to go a year without cleaning because they could never find an appointment for me. The problem is getting past these gatekeepers to get an appointment...too much of a bother for this paying customer to deal with...
5	These guys have one of best practices that ive ever been to and they have great service and will help u or refer u somewhere is like if u need braces or something
