5	Yes...as good as it gets!I was only in Las Vegas for two days and really needed new glasses.  When I entered the Optica Shop I was greeted by Mandy Novak, the store manager, who was very friendly and helpful.  The selection was really wonderful and the service so good that I decided to actually try to buy a pair of high end glasses in two days.With Mandy's help I chose a Morgenthal Frederic titanium frame which is very light weight yet solid.  Mandy was able to get me an appointment with the Optometrist next door with 1 hour.  Dr. tran gave me one of the most comprehensive exams I have ever had and soon thereafter the optician, Daniel Brings arrived for my measurements.  Mr. Brings quickly understood my complex progressive lens prescription and advised me expertly on what was possible with a short time frame.  I chose the works, anti-reflection, ultra thin, anti scratch, etc. and yet Mr. Brings promised it would all be ready before I was to leave Las Vegas.Within 24 hours I got a phone call to tell me that my glasses were ready.  I was also told to go about my day and that my glasses would be delivered to me no matter where I was.  To my astonishment, my glasses were delivered later on that day at the Caesar's Palace Poker Room.  Mr Brings fitted my new glasses between poker hands.  Thank you Mandy, Daniel and Dr. Tran for making my Las Vegas glasses experience both memorable and flawless.  I will enjoy these great glasses for several years.  Definitely he best glasses I have ever owned in 48 years that I wear glasses.Whether you are travelling or live in Las Vegas, I strongly recommend you go see Mandy and her team at Optica  for your next pair of glasses.  Best quality and service you'll find anywhere!!
4	Second time I did business with them. They carry a nice selection and really nice designs. Expensive!
5	They have a very extensive selection of designer glasses. A lot of one of a kind pieces. I bought my prescription frames from here December 2013. The quality is amazing and I still have yet to see someone here in California with the White Prada's like mine. I get compliments daily and questions about where I bought them still. Only complaint is their price point. Be prepared to spend $400 and up on just the frame.
