1	I'll start with the positive, since there isn't much to type! The murals on the wall are great--the beach and the beach at sunset!Now for the negative...upon first walking in, they didn't even say hi. Just "what do you want?" During the pedicure, I was in and out within 25 minutes, there was no conversation, no eye contact, no nothin! Now, this is supposed to be a relazing experience, and it was anything but. So a $15 pedicure became a totally crappy experience. Upon checkout, they add an extra buck if you use debit/credit. I walked away thinking I shouldn't have tipped her anything, which is rare! Definitely won't be going back!
1	Zero stars.. Is that possible? I walked in hopeful because I was in a good mood. I was welcomed by a, "what you want?" I said a "basic manicure" she said you pay me first... So I paid $ 10 for the manicure and tipped $7 cause I was feeling still optimistic. (P.s. They charge me 1dollar for using my card!) - so already at $18 for a BASIC manicure! Then "Kim" sat me in the first chair and started to work on my nails begrudgingly like I was some how bothering her by giving her business. She half way filed my nails and left them sand papery and jagged. I tried a few times to start a conversation but between her actin pissed off and her son running around and screaming.. I gave up! Then I was feeling a terrible.. "I should Leave now" feeling. But I stayed, needless to say my nails are so sloppy, my skin is painted, my paint never dried even thought I suffered extra long to wait for them to dry... I ended up feeling robbed and went home and took of the polish and filed my own nails and re-did them.. Don't go here. You will be sad and probably feel cheated just like me.
1	i had a very bad experience with the female owner..she has the worst attitude ever and acts like you are bothering her..you smile in her face and she looks like she is going to hurt you..i then paid with my debit card and she charged me $1 for using it..i was overcharged to top it off but decided to never go back..she made me feel like i was bothering her by being in her salon..i wanted to ask her to lose the attitude but decided to leave it alone!!
1	I have been here a couple of times, but I won't be going back.  The last time a young girl did my nails and after she used one of the items on my foot she passed it to the next person who was doing some old man's extra long toenails.  He kept trying to talk to me and I just wanted to get out of there.There are usually kids hanging around in there, and I don't find that relaxing.  I would rather pay more and have a better experience.
1	Wow. I just had the worst experience ever. probably the worst pedicure of all time. I walked in around 3pm and NO ONE was in there. That probably should have been the first sign. I got a french pedi and wanted rhinestones under the line of white polish. It looked like total crap and she re did it 3 times before me telling her to just not do it. No massage, no scrub, no nothing! I was surprised that she rushed so much since no one was waiting. Then the owner walks in and makes a call on the salon phone. She was yelling and screaming at the top of her lungs complaining about "bad service" at another place. Ironic? Then comes the best part....the nail tech takes out a "hot towel" to remove the little bit of lotion she smeared on my leg. The towel was insanely hot and i said "ouch that burns" i go to remove the towel myself and she runs over and put it back on. After 20 seconds of the towel being on my leg she removes it. I have THE WORST BURN on my leg! I complained and said that this is ridiculous and that it hurts really bad. The owner fights me on it and told me i was being just a baby and that it will go down. I am almost in tears at this point and i walk out. I personally called State Board and complained. Buyer Beware. STAY FAR AWAY! And now my leg is still bright red with welts on it.
