3	Talking Stick Resort's Coffee Garden offers up Peet's Coffee brand coffees and frozen and blended drinks, as well as pastries baked at the resort's very own kitchens.  I ordered a medium iced latte ($3.70 plus tax), which came unsweetened (you may add sugar or choose from two Peet's Coffee syrups- Caramel or White Chocolate Mocha) and a brown sugar and cinnamon scone ($3.75 plus tax).  Both were delicious!  The scone, perfectly sweet and moist, was served on a disposable, yet elegant plastic  black square dessert plate, and the coffee came in a prettily-designed plastic glass that perpetuated the blue theme of the gaming floor!  (It even came with a blue straw!)  Since the coffee shop had opened only a few hours before, it still didn't have any to-go boxes to house the large scone, but a Peet's rep found a plastic bag that the dessert plate came in, so he asked if that was OK.  I was about to put the scone into the bag when he said I could take the plate with me, as well.  I not only was able to try a gratifying iced coffee and a delightful scone, but I now have a reusable souvenir!  ;)
4	I can't speak to the coffee because I don't drink it.  But I can say the staff caught me peering in as they were closing, and welcomed me in anyway (and I mean welcomed me, not begrudgingly asked if I wanted anything warning me they're about to close) where I treated myself (because I always control the money) to an over-sized lemon bar.  While the lemon bar was not the best I've had, it was pretty good and it was over-sized and that's an extra star alone.  Oh, and they have Pellegrino Limonata, my favorite!
5	delicious coffee and great cappuccinos by dustin, the barrista!
4	The Coffee Garden at Talking Stick Resort provides a nice and relaxing setting for those who want to take a breather from the hustle and bustle of the casino happenings. There is ample seating, with plenty of large windows as the view, Peet's Coffee and even dueling pianos on some nights! If they just served cocktails at night, they'd be set. Yes, I know it's a coffee garden, but when they have dueling pianos it would also be great to have some cocktail servers offering drink service downstairs in addition to upstairs. Now I will touch upon Peet's Coffee. Their iced coffee is the perfect way to put a little kick in my step. I go with the iced mocha with sugar free chocolate and about halfway through, I'm bouncing off the walls --- in a good way! The Coffee Garden is probably one of the most hidden spots of Talking Stick Resort, but definitely a location worth keeping on the radar for that time when you need to escape the craziness of the casino.
