3	This Residence Inn is a little hard to find, even though it is right off I-17 and Northern. It is on a one-way frontage road, so you have to come from the north of Northern Avenue and slide down the frontage road to get to it. It is on hotel row for this area, just a mile form the Metro Center, and a bunch other hotels on eaither side of the freeway. It is a typical Residence Inn. It is a group of about 20 low rise 2 story buildings. Parking is adequate and nearby your door. Inside, this member of the Marriott chain is known as an extended stay type hotel, with a 2 room suite, which includes about 600 sq ft of space. There is a full kitchen, with 4 burner stove, full fridge, microwave and dishwasher, all in new stainless steel, with marble counter tops and a wood/linoleum floor. Full dishes, glasses and utenzils are available like home. This one is pretty new, with clean, unstained furniture in fresh condition. There are also not 1, but 2 black 42 inch LG flat screen TVs., one in the bedroom and one in the living room. The living room has a desk, 2 seat dining table, a lounge chair and a small sofa with sofa bed. There is a door between the rooms, so if you wanted to have the kids along, you can still keep your sanity in the other room.Depending on time of year, this R.I. is a good value, costing about $100/night, which includes a free breakfast, evening hospitality hour, free Wi-FI internet, and free parking. This little one bedroom, if it was a condo near downtown San Francisco, would be a million dollars!If you really want to save money, you can go next door to Motel 6, and pay $40/night for a single person! Just ignore the riff raff!
4	We usually stay at the LaQuinta in Scottsdale when we're in town. Since we had to be at the courthouse early in the morn I booked a room for mom and I at the LaQuinta on Thomas. Bad Idea. When I pulled up, felt like I was bringing my mom along with me on an early evening drug score at the local dingey motel. But it was LaQuinta! We were outta there with the quickness!Drove up the 17 a couple exits and saw the Residence Inn and my mom practically turned the steering wheel herself and yelled, "GET OFF HERE!!" Just kidding. We were anxious for a comfortable room, safe place.. and we were starving!Our AAA rate dropped us down 40 bucks. LaQuinta only knocked off 10.. which still would've costed about $99. For that dive?!?!There were white picket fences around the AC boxed outside the room which added a comfy-cozy touch to the place. The room was a cute studio with a kitchen. They even go grocery shopping for you! Breakfast was the works. Sausage, waffles, scrambles, fruit... none of that continental carbo breakfast crap. Comfortable atmosphere, cozy rooms, great night sleep before a stressful day. Thank you, Residence Inn! To top it all off, our court-case concluded victorious! Yippeeee!
4	i must admit that i am pretty picky when it comes to hotels. this radisson inn is a pretty good place to stay. it's not stellar, but there are many pluses about it.the pluses are the size of the room, the kitchen in your room with all that you need, they'll go shopping for you and do your dishes, the continental breakfast is more than just danishes and coffee, they have an excercise room and a pool and a spa, it is located right by the freeway so you can just get on and go, and the staff is very friendly and helpful. the girl at the front desk was very professional and pleasant. the price is the biggest plus -- we got a great deal with our AAA discount!the minuses are subjective, but for me they were the location again (it's on this crazy frontage road, so you have to learn how to get to it and navigate yourself from it if you want to go north, since it only runs south and the neighborhood isn't great, but not unsafe), the towels in the room are scratchy and smelly like bleach (although everything is very clean), there are no bathrobes (i love hotel robes!), and the room we had did not have updated appliances (like the refrigerator and stove-top, although they worked fine).i would highly recommend this hotel for families, since it's the right price and size with everything you need away from home. it's not romantic or exceptional otherwise, but very functional. we'll surely stay at residence inns again.and the biggest plus of all -- free wifi!
5	I've heard of people living in hotels & I can see how easy that would be here. This is like a small studio apartment. There's a couch, big tv, sliding glass door, & a full kitchen. & I mean full. There's a refrigerator & a dishwasher. This place is nice.You'll certainly get a good night sleep on the bed too. It's very comfortable. It was one of those foam beds that's supposed to keep you from disturbing the person next to you. I slept without a feather pillow because I'd been having neck & shoulder pain. I woke up feeling better.The drapes could block out a little bit more light.The sink is outside of the bathroom area so you can use it if someone is taking a shower or something.The bathroom door was a little crooked on it's hinges. Not the easiest to close quietly.When my friend comes back into town I hope he stays here again. He talked about staying another time.
4	Such a nice hotel. I really do like it here. Read my previous review :)Door was fine in the room we had.Bed was just as comfortable as last time. CLEAN! You get a choice between feather or foam pillows. Didn't realize that last time.One complaint though... Check out is at 12 I believe. So, you want to sleep & stay as long as possible. You put your "Do not disturb" sign out. 10am the maid comes a-knocking. Are you effing kidding me?! You open the door & ask her what she wants. She points to the sign hanging on your door. REALLY?! Can she not read??? Just wow...
2	Okay room, but the location isn't safe. It's cheaper than some hotels around the area, but honestly, not worth the lower cost if you care about safety. Don't walk around the area alone or with children at night.I used to live in Tempe/Scottsdale and I wouldn't stay in this area again, even though it was closer to the location I needed to go to the next morning. Many other options available for similar costs.
3	NOT a fan of North PHX.. not this area off of the 17..it's shady and not the best area. AS in.. you wouldnt venture out late at nite here. BUT this hotel is a good save. I had the penthouse via a friend. Loved it. Fridge..micro..full cooking facilities.. an upstairs and a downstairs with 2 baths and bedrooms.. completely made my stay in PHX this week a good, happy thing. The gym stinks tho. One treadmill and some weights. A full service hotel needs more than that. We were sent down the way to La Fitness for a complimentary workout. My room had a broken coffee maker, but that was quickly fixed. Has to be.. I cant live without my coffee. Front desk is nice. Offered us discounts to happy hour next door at Bobby Q's ... Good breakfast in the morning.. but managers reception is only 2 nites a week.. which is kind of strange.
2	This hotel is okay, pretty typical for a Residence Inn. The neighborhood is not great, but I never thought it was as bad as folks make it out to be (I've stayed in this hotel 5 times, each for five nights).One morning I was standing out by the car waiting for my co-worker to come out. While waiting, I watched the maintenance guy spend at least fifteen minutes hosing off the parking lot (washing away the desert dust, I imagine). After this visit, I got the email asking me to complete a survey, so I did. In the "other comment" section, I shared my belief that a city in the middle of the desert should not waste water by hosing off the parking lot. Get a broom, or even a leaf blower. Much to my surprise, I received an email from the front desk supervisor of the hotel assuring me that "Phoenix has enough water for at least 100 years!" and included a link to a City of Phoenix propaganda website backing that up. It was so ridiculously wrong that I couldn't believe she sent it to me. I didn't bother sending a reply, but I haven't been back since then, and won't go back again.
3	The location isn't the greatest, the good news is it is very close to Bobby Q's. The hotel is set up like an apartment complex with different buildings. My room was set up like a studio apartment. The kitchen equipment is a tad bit outdated, but it was nice to have a full stove and oven. The light are on a timing system, so it kind of sucks if you are sitting down to watch TV and it's dark out.I will most likely stay at this hotel if I'm in the area for work in the future.
2	I have stayed in my fair share of Marriott properties and this has been by far my worst experience. Two issues:1. When you clean the room, do not forget to check the pullout bed. It was dirty with a dirty clothes from the previous person who stood there. 2. How do you run out of waffle batter an hour into your continental breakfast? If we were standing in line for the other items; eggs, sausage, potatoes, we would have never ate something. The service staff was helpful and attentive though. Location is convenient with multiple eating establishments in the area, is centrally located with easy access to the freeway.
2	No locking doors on the parameter doors within hotel(meaning anyone could walk in).  When you ask for a service it was slow. bathroom door was broken. pool cold, even for Arizona.Good breakfast, decent gym,
5	We always stay at the Marriott when we travel. This is our first time at this particular Residence Inn. I love it. Great price for the room, the staff is super friendly and housekeeping kept bring us more towels whenever we needed them. Close to the bars/clubs that we go to so a cab ride is pretty cheap. They accept pets with was huge for us. Will definitely be staying here again.
2	This is a bad, sketchy location with old rooms. The staff is very nice, though. I've stayed at newer Residence Inns, and they are so much nicer.  They only give you two towels. The tub is old; too scary to take a bath in.  Breakfast was not ready at 6:15 when it opened at 6:00. Bed and pillows are super uncomfortable!  It's located next to 1-17 and can be very loud. Blah.
5	As always, the Residence Inn delivers exceptional service. A must stay if your ever on this side if Phoenix.
2	We live in Phoenix, but needed a place to stay for a few days while our house was being repaired.  This was perfect in terms of location, amenities (full kitchen, spacious room, pool, etc), BUT the bed was not comfortable.  At our age (undisclosed), comfort of bed trumps everything else.  We checked out after one night.  No complaints about anything but the bed.  If you're young and can sleep anywhere, this is a smokin' deal.
2	I'd prefer to give the hotel a 2.5, but I don't know that it quite deserves a 3.I stayed here with my family for a couple of night this past weekend. The first thing we noticed was that the hallway had a peculiar odor about it (one of us remarked that it "smells like convention hall donuts" - others thought it smelled like cigarettes). The rooms are clean and comfortable and it's a totally acceptable hotel. My biggest complaint was that the internet access was abhorrent. The front desk reset their routers twice and it didn't seem to make any difference (I'm quite tech savvy - so it's not a case of user error - the speed was just terrible). It made it difficult to use the internet for much of anything and took us 10 minutes just to check in for our flights (a process that should have taken less than 2).The family chose this hotel based on a stay here years ago and a bit of nostalgia about that experience, but we certainly won't be staying here again when there are other hotels for the same price with better amenities.
3	I am really surprised that Marriott has not phased out these old style Residence Inns. This hotel is probably one of the original Residence Inns when Marriott started building them back in the late 80's. With that said, the concept still works. It is a hotel room with a kitchen etc... The good of this hotel is that the staff was friendly and the room was clean. That is about where it stops. The hallways were filthy. The TV doesn't even have High Definition and the channels weren't programed right on my TV so I had to scroll through a lot of snow channel's to find what I wanted to watch. My rate was very good so overall I was satisfied. But, if I had been paying rack rate I would have been pretty ticked off.
1	I was scheduled to stay at this hotel for a month and one week into my stay I could not stand it and moved to a different hotel.  Location is a little bit rough, dinner is only provided 3 nights a week (most residence inns provide 4 nights), THEY DO NOT HAVE HIGH SPEED INTERNET (MISLEADING ADVERTISING), workout facility is lacking proper equipment, I had many problems with my key card accessing doors, and it is quite noisy due to interstate 17 in front of the hotel.
4	My flight got delay because of the snow storm in the East Coast.  US airways gave me a voucher to stay at this hotel.  Staffs are friendly.  Hotel is clean and spacious.  There is a separate kitchen with a fridge, stove, dish washer,  and silverwares.  I had a good night sleep before my next flight.
3	I loved this place. It was very nice inside and the rooms were clean and it had a kitchen! The room was like a little apartment. They had a very nice pool and basketball court. One thing I didn't like was the breakfast. The coffee was really bad and they had dry muffins and average hot food. The basketball court is a little dangerous though. There's a sign that is jagged and if you ran into it you would get hurt. I speak from experience. A member of my family sliced open their leg while playing basketball and hitting the sign. Hopefully they took care of that after what happened.I did like how the hotel was pet friendly and the staff was nice.
1	For a Marriott property I expected more, a lot more; especially as a Platinum member. The rooms are ok and are the older apartment style that some Residence Inns were built under, your own entrance, etc.  The staff is pleasant, however that's where the positive remarks end. Another user mentioned the internet, it's awful.  Initially the internet was so bad they had hot spots from Verizon brought in, and things worked perfectly.  Well they went through last week and took all the hot spots since the "upgrade" was complete through Ethos.  Guess what? Internet is still awful in many buildings and no matter how much you ask management for the hot spot back, and tell them it's not efficient internet, they aren't listening. What should have taken 3 minutes, at most to purchase a plane ticket, ended up being 33.  Today a message was left with the front desk and was promised a return call, didn't happen. Management needs to understand that technology is a staple to away from home travelers, especially when advertised as high speed and it is running at dial up pace.For the price and the amenities, skip this spot and head to the Peoria exit and stay at Hilton Homewood Suites, assuming you need a long term style hotel.
4	I booked here using rewards points for one room and paid for another after having a horrible experience elsewhere at a different chain.It was perfect for what we wanted, close to the freeway with a pool and parking right in front of our rooms!The place is like studio apartment and the AC was a relief from the blasting heat of a 9 hour ride on the bikes.The person that checked us in was so nice, she even called to make sure we were happy with our rooms. She got us rooms next to each other and close to the pool.It was a little slice of heaven to recharge our road trip weary bodies.
5	I really can't say enough good things about this hotel. My family was in town for a funeral. We rented 5 rooms, we had quite a few children and adults for a week. They placed us in rooms all together which was awesome. We made such excellent family memories in the face of tragedy. The entire week all we kept saying was how great of a hotel it was for the price we paid but actually for any price. I have stayed at very high price hotels and not been treated this nice. They have a full breakfast every morning that is completely free. It included huge, fresh made waffles, scrambled eggs, potatoes, toppings such as salsa, onions, etc to make an omelet. Fresh fruit, orange juice, apple juice, sausage, muffins, toast, bagels, etc. One day I realized we had just missed breakfast by 5 minutes, I called the front desk to verify that it was over, she said that it was and very nicely apologized. Within 5 seconds of hanging up she called me right back and told me to come on down because there was still plenty of food left and they would hold it open until I finished eating. Considering it was all free... that was SO nice. They have a computer with internet and a printer, so you have access to technology while on the road. The beds were the most comfortable I have ever slept on. They had a terrific full kitchen with a full size refrigerator and full stove complete with dishes, silverware, etc. The rooms were bigger than a hotel room with TONS of closet space. Housekeeping was excellent. Anytime we called and asked for extra supplies they brought them within 5 minutes of calling. The property was awesome, we had rooms right by the pool. The pool area was great, they had a basketball court, and a fire pit which we used even though it was July in Phoenix. We had a big group, we made friends with some of the other long term guests, and the staff let us just hang out and enjoy our family time without getting in out way. All the while they were the most pleasant I have ever dealt with. I would give it 10 stars if I was allowed. Don't listen to the reports about freeway noise. If you are worried about that, just ask for a room on the back of the property.
2	I usually stay here when I travel for work. Marriott is one of my company's "preferred" hotel chains. Our Phoenix office is literally 5 minutes away. The only reason I stay here is because it's convenient. The staff is friendly and helpful. They offer complimentary breakfast, which is average. They also have an evening social hour and provide food on certain nights.  But, the options aren't  appealing to me. There's a small pool and outdoor patio area with a little fire pit. The condo-converted rooms may be older, but they're clean. They do smell a bit musty.  There's a full kitchen. The appliances and kitchen items seem fairly new and appear barely used. If you plan on using the oven, turn on the vent. It may have that plastic-y new oven smell, when in use.They do have plates, cups and cutlery, as well as hand towels and kitchen mitts.  But, they do not provide coffee filters, baking pans and I don't even remember seeing pans to cook with. My biggest gripe is the "free wifi" is just crap. A whole lotta crap. I've even attempted to add the "enhanced wifi" for $5 a night and I got connection errors. I'm here for work and that means I may need to pull extra hours on my laptop. I would like to do it from the comfort of my hotel room, but I can't. How is work possible when the standard connection seems to drop every 5 minutes and I get connection errors, when I try for the enhanced wifi?The hotel complex itself is located in a dark and sketchy neighborhood and it's right next to the freeway. My last night there, I woke up at 1 AM to the sound of 5 gun shots, which sounded as if they were a few blocks away. Five minutes later a helicopter was searching over the hotel complex and the apartment complex next door. Kinda reminded me of the old 'hood I grew up in....Uh....thank goodness I double-locked my doors...? Thanks, Residence Inn for such an exciting stay! Hopefully future rounds won't be so...um, eventful..... =P
2	After searching for a meeting room big enough to host a baby shower and was available on a Sunday afternoon (most hotels in this area were booked every Sunday for church!) we found this place. A week or two before the shower we received an email telling us the original sales person we were dealing with no longer worked there and was then given someone else that would be handling everything. When we emailed this new person it took her forever to respond. So with a week before the shower I go to the hotel to just double check that everything was still ok and that our event was still scheduled. Upon arriving the front desk staff grabbed the General Assistant Manager, I did not catch his name, all I caught was him being very annoyed that I was there checking on everything. I explained that the person setting everything up was concerned that we hadn't heard from the new person and the event was in 6 days. He assured me that whatever was booked before the lady left was still on the schedule and there were no worries. I said great thank you and asked to see the room to get an idea of how we were gonna set up and to see the size of it. Again he was annoyed that I was there asking. The day of the event we show up a little early to start setting up and go to check in to the meeting room and the staff was not aware at all that we were coming! She pulled the event book out and our sheet was not in there even though I had been reassured that we were still scheduled just 6 days before! I was very upset and very disappointed that after I was reassured, by the annoyed assistant manager, that we were still scheduled, we show up and nothing is set up or even expected! The staff that was working that afternoon were however very helpful and wonderful in quickly getting the room set up and running for us!! And that is the only good thing I can say about this hotel. The staff was amazing at helping us get set up and also if we needed anything else they got right on top of our request and took care of it!Very disappointed in management especially with how he acted when I came to check on our reservation and then lied about it being still on the books! I have worked in hospitality before and this is completely unacceptable behavior for customer service!!
5	The stars are for the great customer service! The hotel itself is not 5 star, the hotel is probably closer to 3 but it was clean, and I can overlook a bit when customer service is top notch! For starters when we walked into our room for the first time...it smelled and we were wanting to move. They gave us a couple of rooms to check out, but when all was said and done we opted to stay in that room. I had brought my Ozium so we just sprayed that liberally the first night and cleared out that stench.  Then, when I needed to print up some documents and get them scanned and emailed...the guy at the front desk was beyond accommodating! Took care of everything for me and was so friendly. I wish I remembered his name...but he was working on 12/4/14 and it was around 7pm. Nice guy. Then they were good about bringing us extra towels. And then this morning we were finally able to go to the breakfast buffet! It always started at 6am and unfortunately, we had to leave the hotel by 6am. It was good, but the highlight was Liz. She was great and made it a fun time during our breakfast. So if you want to have a comfortable stay and nice customer service then this is a great spot!
