4	This place is great if you are in the market for a Movado watch. I had been eying a Movado for quite some time, but couldn't bring myself to pay retail for it or meet up with some sketchy watch dealer in a back alley. Solution: Movado Company Store!The service at this place is great and their customer service policy is as follows: as soon as someone begins helping you, they are assigned to you until you decide to purchase an item or leave the store. Your attendant stays with you the whole time and makes sure that you are satisfied. This place is usually fairly empty, except when they have super deals (read: black friday, three day weekends, or anytime they have a huge promotional sale). I waited for a big sale to purchase my watch and got it 80% off. Definitely worth the wait!
2	I'm from San Diego and was in Vegas for a concert recently. I went to the outlets and stopped in at the Movado Company Store. They had some excellent prices on some watches. I couldn't resist the sale price on a Movado 800 series. One of the employees adjusted the watch for me and I walked out wearing it. I was thrilled. I had gotten an excellent deal. That's about where the happy part of this story ends. The links on this watch literally fell apart 48 hours after the watch was purchased. I was very fortunate that my long sleeve caught the watch. I called the store, told them what happened. I was annoyed when I called. However, the gal on the phone did an excellent job of handling the situation.  She gave me the address to the only authorized repair center in San Diego. I called the repair center several times and no one answered, there was no pre-recorded message with the hours either. So I decided to drive by the place thinking that maybe their door would have the hours posted. Well, I drove around downtown San Diego like an idiot for a while. I couldn't find the repair center. When I got home I used Yelp to help me find the repair center. Turns out the Movado Company Store had given me the incorrect address. By now I've owned this Movado watch for 7 days and out of those 7 days it's been broken for 5 days. Whether it be by carelessness on the employees part while adjusting the links, or a manufacturers defect, it's broken. My attempts to get it fixed locally have not worked out. Call Movado to ask what else I can do? By this point I'm clearly frustrated. I paid for something and I want it to work. I shouldn't have called. The manager I spoke with only made it worse when he gave me an attitude because I was upset. He said something to the extent of his attitude being a reflection of my attitude. I've worked in customer service. I've been cursed at, really yelled at, I've been blamed for things I never did. Not once, did I ever respond to one of my customers in that manner. I would have been fired for something like that. I purchased something with the expectation that it was going to work. People get upset when they feel they are getting the run around, and they get upset when they feel they have been ripped off with a poor product. That's just the way it is. The final solution: I'm sending the darn watch back to the store. This has just been such a hassle. A good quality watch shouldn't fall apart after two days. One thing for sure though. Next time I'm in Vegas, I will not be stopping by the Movado Company Store.
