5	This clinic just opened and thankfully it's close to my home. Heidi is a sweetie, my first treatment with her was great.Give this clinic a more homey, cozier feel by stopping by and getting treatment; just like Phoenix Community Acupuncture, where I used to commute to get treatments are a part of P.O.C.A., the support you give goes a long way.
5	If you had ever wanted to try acupuncture come here! Heidi has such a light touch everyone I have taken with me to try it has been surprised that they felt hardly anything. I had IMMEDIATE results on my first session, and continue to go twice a week. I have gotten off all my daily meds. (Of course Heidi told me I needed to discuss with my dr). Last night I got my husband to try it for our date night. I'm so happy, this is the longest he's gone without taking his twice daily heartburn meds. I have seen things that have been miracles in my life. Try it!!! You won't regret it, get healthy and happy!
5	This is a great way for someone interested in trying acupuncture but the cost is holding you back.  Heidi is great and takes the time each session with me and I always leave feeling better and refreshed.  I used to commute to Phoenix Community Acupuncture so I was thrilled when TCA opened!  Highly recommend!!
5	Originally tried because of a Groupon. Heidi has a very light calming touch, and she shows a real interest in your needs. Space is clean, comfortable, peaceful, and well kept. The only thing I would say negative is that I wish the place was open more hours/days, but there is only one acupuncturist and she can't accomodate everyone's schedule. And, I own my own business, so it's commendable that she wants to handle all of her patients herself.
5	I am new to acupuncture and found this place to be very inviting, accommodating, clean and Heidi is very knowledgeable, helpful and professional. For anyone interested in this medicine it convenient if you are limited on time and resources and there is no pressure (well other than a few needle pricks). LOL. Please support your local community acupuncture a great inexpensive alternative. Bring your friends. Not only do you get the direct benefit of acupuncture but you also get some much needed "unplug" time and meditation.
