1	Lilliputian dog park, about the size of someone's backyard.  There are 2 trees, nowhere near the benches, so if you are sitting on a bench there won't be any shade for you.  One of the metal bench seats was bent at a weird angle, not sure how that happened?  There is one station that is supposed to dispense poop bags, but there weren't any bags available.   Since they do not replenish the poop bags, there was an accumulation of dog material when I went.  There is one fountain for water, at dog and human level.   This park is best suited for larger dogs, because the side of the fence that borders an apartment parking lot has wide bars that a very small dog could slip through.  The bars also have some areas that aren't grated underneath, so that there is space under them.  An adventurous small dog could slip under them if you're not careful.  I saw my small little dog thinking through the process of trying to get through and make an escape, but good thing he's a little too wide for those bars!  My dog was bored after sniffing and walking around for 5 minutes.  Although this dog park is closer to where I live, I'd rather go to a more secure, larger park like Tempe Sports Complex.
2	Good place to play volleyball in the morning while the sun is up but when the night comes in  the lights are really dim and they dont have much lights that will lit the court. The basketball court also have dim lights. Theres also houses nearby. At first it was funny qhen all you hear are karaokes blazing in then it geta a bit annoying. Therea alot of shades around but the lights are just nowhere to be found. More lights and would be good.
2	As far as the dog park goes, not a good fit overall. I've tried to visit this park a couple times just because it's soo close to home but I don't think we will be back. The park hasn't been kept up that last couple visits we've made and there weren't any doggie bags for individuals to pick up their dogs poop, which would explain why there was poop everywhere. The size is of the park I would say fits a smaller breed of dog, but the fencing was made for larger dogs, as I can see the small breeds getting through the gate. Sadly, we will just have to make the trek to another location.
