5	I live in Glasgow which has a multitude of great vintage shops but I regularly take a trip thru to Edinburgh purely to visit Armstrong's. There are 3 Armstrong's in Edinburgh but this branch in Grassmarket is my favorite. The outside of the store is lovely and the window displays are always extremely intriguing and inviting. You would be forgiven for thinking that this is a costume shop as the displays are so overdramatic and wonderful. Armstrong's does have a fantastic costume and wig section which I have never bought from myself but it would be great if you wanted something different instead of the 10 a penny outfits you can buy online or from dedicated costume shops. The staff are superb and genuinely know there stuff about second hand clothing. I love how Armstrong's has a multitude of different stock from retro 60s and 70s gear to stylish 40s and 50s styles and right back to fragile and beautiful Victorian pieces! They have a great Mens section which I have found some great stuff in (for myself though of course!) and they have some unbelievable vintage wedding dresses if you dare to be different on your big day. You can find some great bargains here and I have never visited this store and not left with something! If you don't live in the Edinburgh area it is still definitely worth the trip because you can be in this store rummaging for a good hour or more so it becomes a sort of day out and the staff seem genuinely thrilled to help you in your quest for the perfect 50s prom dress or retro 70s sunglasses.
3	I still can't decide how I feel about this place... I love the concept of vintage clothing and if I could get past the musty smell then I'm sure I'd have found some great stuff in there by now.Except its not just the smell. There are so many items crammed onto the poor rails that just trying to browse is like a gym workout in itself - some people love that sort of thing but it's really not mine. Maybe I'm too mainstream and boring but I prefer high street shops any day.Even so, this place is fantastic for things like the odd belt, quirky jewellery, scarves and the like, and for certain fancy dress themes this is very often the best place to start looking. You'll find everything from genuine1950s ball gowns to white PVC go-go boots, and everything in between - my flatmate came home the other day clutching a tiger-print faux fur jacket they'd snapped up.You can't buy things that are in the window display, you have to wait until the stock is rotated, so if something's grabbed your attention then you need to just keep your eye on it. The branch in the Grassmarket is the biggest, but there are several more across the city centre.
4	Armstrongs has a special place in the heart of every trendy Edinburgh girl and boy, it's an emporium of wonderful vintage clothes and accessories and first stop on anyone's shopping list for fancy dress outfits. If you've got some time to spare, it's good fun to pop in and have a rake through the rails - you'll find all manner of clothes from various eras. My favourites are the cashmere and fur rails, and in the past I have found some wonderful unique pieces. The shop smells a little musty, but most places selling old clothes do, also it's not as cheap as you might expect, but you are pretty much guaranteed to be purchasing a one-off.
3	Someone once told me that Armstrongs gets its clothes by looting the recently-deceased. I laughed at the time, but there is still a smell in the jumper I bought....Armstrongs is a really edgy place to shop, it's mainly students who buy the old clothes and handbags. Every now and again, you come across something gorgeous, but my experiences have been less successful. I have only one thing from Armstrongs, a purple jumper which I always get comments about. You have to hand it to them, they have taste. The mannequins outside the shops are always dressed to perfection and always manage to lure me in, but I can never find those  great purchases. I know they are there, whether I'm not looking hard enough or they're all taken by the time I get there, I can never find them.But, I have hope - I have the purple jumper to remind me that there are  somethings worth searching for
4	I really like the stock and decoration of Armstrongs. Its decorated with outfits, old carnival horses, and mannequins wearing the wildest sparkly catsuits you'll ever see in your life. But before I continue, I have to throw a spanner in the works to complain about their "no returns" policy and how bloody aloof the staff can be!When I've been in recently I have been greeted with the sullen, pouting faces of young girls who, quite honestly, come across as having an attitude problem. I want to give them the benefit of the doubt and perhaps am being too catty but I can't deny their lack of interest in customers when I've visited has been offputting. I visited once near closing time so I didn't take note of it then but it's happened often enough now for it to be notable. Sorry, ladies.Anyway, that's more a personal gripe. It's downright frustrating buying something and then not being able to return it if something goes wrong! They don't even offer an exchange policy, and even though the girl was apologetic when I tried to take something back it was a motor response more than anything else. Not that I'm expecting a flamin' red carpet, but it would've been nice to have been offered some kind of alternative solution. Now I'm stuck with this grotesque, disco ball of a top and nowhere for it to go. If there's any takers, please message me and take it off my hands. I have no idea why I bought it. I look like I should be in Abba's "Super Trooper" video when I wear it.So maybe it was my fault for buying the top in the first place, but them's the breaks. Now, you ask, why the hell give it four stars if you're hating on the service? Quite simply: it looks awesome. I like things that sparkle. I like shops which are glittering prizes. And, despite everything else, Armstrongs is. It's exciting to look around even if you don't surface with a purchase, and the plus side of staff ignoring you is you can gawk at outfits in peace. It's long been established and it really is a treasure trove. As long as you don't make the mistake of buying a top which resembles a Christmas decoration, you'll enjoy it.
4	Armstrong's website calls it a "cornucopia", of vintage and because, trying to be true to good writing, I hate to copy other people's, I just enjoyed this word so much that I had to reproduce it in this review. Armstrong's certainly has been on the scene longer than your average vintage punter, and is one of the old school gang, who were in on the joy of vintage long before every girl and her handbag decided to get involved, i.e. at the moment, with the current crazy for anything vintage.Not that I'm complaining, I love vintage jewels and I do enjoy a good hunt for random, crazy items, depending on my mood. If you're a dedicated vintage aficionado and will wear nothing else, Armstrong's really is something to see, and to hunt down for its retro joy. The main section with all the ladies wear is absolutely awesome to behold, with the wedding dresses and fur coats hanging up (some real, some not, I'm not really sure) above your head, and any other vintage garment or accessory you could imagine chancing upon. If you've got a spare 20 minutes just to have a good rummage, this is a brilliant place to come and adventure through. Last time I was in I tried on a silver, sparkly jumper dress, which made me look very 80s, and which come to think of it, I should have bought. That's it, I'm going back to hunt for it...right now. Review break!
5	A haven for all of those who love thrift shops and vintage clothing. Although unassuming from the outside, Armstrong's is massive inside, with rooms branching off the main area full of old clothes. Whether it be for fancy dress or just rocking some funky jacket, Armstrong's is the place to come. On first glance, it can seem a bit daunting, with the whole store full of vintage items, from floor to (and including) ceiling. But if you can get past this then there are some treasures to be found. I know many people like their clothes shops properly ordered, by size and style, but something of this ramshackle nature appeals to the anarchist in me and I love having a good browse through endless racks of shite before finding an awesome jacket or other item of clothing.They have it all, t-shirts, trousers, shirts, skirts, dresses, jackets, shoes, accessories...the list is endless. Also more peculiar items such as army hats or old school 40s ball gowns. For those of you who's inner gimp cannot wait to break free, there are also a few PVC bodysuits and enough leather goods to satisfy a German S&M fan. All of the clothes are reasonably priced, obviously depending on quality and age. Sometimes if you find a slight flaw with some of them (ripped stitching etc) you can get a slight discount. Being a vintage store, there are no refunds though, so make sure you're happy with what you've got before buying it. Another of Edinburgh's hidden treasures and one of the best vintage clothes shops around
5	V I N T A G E    H E A V E NSeriously, I could spend three days straight in this place. I came back twice during my stay in Edinburgh. From vintage knickers, fur coats, to fancy dress and accessories, this place is my vintage dream. The selection here is out of control. The racks go up four layers up to the ceiling, so high you must take a ladder to get up to some of the goods. But let me tell you, it's worth it. If you don't dig in this place, you might miss a gem.Everything is so ridiculously affordable and priced so fairly. Not to mention the condition of all the garments were excellent. And if there was anything wrong with the item, it was priced down to a very fairy and dirt cheap price. I get so excited when I find cheap vintage because I feel like all you see these days are out of control markups and rip offs.I feel that Armstrongs shows up most of the vintage shops here in London. Looks like I need to plan another trip back to Edinburgh soon!
4	Best vintage/used shopping in Edinburgh that I could find. Decent prices. Good for braces, belts, army jackets, and the like.
5	Ahh-mazing!  Even if you're not a vintage clothing fan, this is a must-see if you're in the Grassmarket neighborhood.  I couldn't believe their selection.  I was particularly taken by their vintage hats and scarves.  I left with two scarves at 4GBP each.  Not bad considering they look brand new!  This would be a super cool place to shop if you're looking for a costume or just wanting to play dress up!
5	I found the prices and selection to be very good. I do a lot of vintage thrifting in NYC and even with the exchange rate the prices were appealing. The size of the store is pretty impressive too for being right in the middle of the Grass Market. The large selection will have me visiting whenever I'm in town.
4	Love love love... I could spend HOURS in Armstrongs!What a treasure trove of goodies ... though, admittedly you have to be in the right mood... and someone that enjoys hunting through over-stocked rails for that diamond in the rough!  I am consistently impressed with their selection, and love that they have the clothing separated into 60's, 70's, 80's ... Also-if, like me, you are a huge fan of fancy dress - this is your 1 stop shop... inspiration at the very least!Get yourself down there.......
4	Vintage lover's must...Is a gem of Edinburgh...Reasonable price!
4	Being inside Armstrongs is a little bit like playing in your Mums wardrobe when you were a kid! Old dresses, clomping around in the wrong size shoes and finishing the ensemble off with an old set of pearls and floppy hat! When you walk in you're immediately taken back to bygone eras, with rack upon rack of original 1920's flapper dresses, 1940's tea dresses, Zoot suits and all the vintage accessories you'd ever want! There's even a sort of musty, old clothes smell which, far from being something off-putting, is actually quite authentic and comforting! The shop is divided up into male and female sections, and both are well stocked with a few changing rooms to try on the wonderful things you'll find. I would, however, suggest you go with the time to have a proper rake around, as I can guarantee there will be a gorgeous 50's sun dress hiding somewhere at the back of a rack! The store also has a reasonable selection of fancy dress wigs, accessories, net skirts and tights to really dress up the perfect outfit.  The only negative I have is that some of the older dresses, and accessories, are really quite expensive...but I guess that's the price you pay for having something truly vintage!This place is really amazing, and whether you're looking for a fancy dress costume, or a vintage outfit for a special occasion, Armstrongs is definitely worth a visit next time you're in the Grassmarket!
4	Love a bit of vintage? Looking for some old stuff for fancy dress? Armstrong's is the place to come. Dotted around the capital, there is loads to chose from and lots of era's covered. There are some fabulous things which are always hanging from the roof and not for sale (18th century cape anyone?) but for themed nights, then this is the place to find vintage clothing.I came here in search of an authentic 50's petticoat and I found it. A selection of petticoats of different lengths, and colours, I found one which would be perfect for my non vintage, but 50's style dress. Try before you buy as purchases are non refundable (there is always ebay) and check carefully as to the condition of the clothing, though any faults are always pointed out on the labels. There are some fabulous items - 50's style coats which made my mum go all nostalgic as it was the same as the one my nan wore when she would go out back in the day, 70's style dresses which my mum recognised from her own going out and travelling days and then the horrors of the 80's - big Princess Di, frilly dresses, all puffy and ruffled. It's not only vintage that you'll find here - some vintage 'style' products can be found and don't have a vintage price tag. I found a 40's style tea dress in Armstrongs in Newington and it was a topshop label - good contemporary fit as some vintage sizes can be way off (you may have to go a dress size down as body shapes were different then!) and a bargain price for something that still had the tags on.So, well worth a visit. I love a browse in here as there is some cool stuff but weekdays are better as there are less tourists about.
5	What a brilliant vintage shoppe! Costumes, cute  vintage finds you wont see anywhere else, real one of a kind stuff, very colorful, was one of my favorite places to see in Edinburgh. They have an ebay store too! Check out my pictures: http://trysomethingfun.blogspot.com/2013/07/a-vintage-fashion-wonderland-in.html
5	A great place to just waste time and you're bound to find some great gems.But if you're going to go, make sure you set aside a good hour or two to spend time sifting through all the stuff they have.
5	I challenge you to find a person who isn't even a LITTLE bit intrigued by the vintage fares this treasure trove contains.This is the perfect place to go for a fur coat (faux and real), denim jacket, cutesy 1950s dress, silk gloves, retro sunglasses, mens tweed, costumes, wigs and a whole lotta kilts. You could easily spend a few hours in here perusing the lovely goods and would not leave disappointed.Some of the things in here are a bit reminiscent of playing dress up in your parents wardrobe, but surely that is part of the fun. A lot of the stuff is gorgeous, very wearable, unique clothing. Definitely one of the best vintage shops you will find this side of Paris!
5	Total dream of a vintage store. Everything you could be looking for and more,
