3	My wife and I really enjoyed coming here. I had always drove past but never stopped in. This place is a simple and fast mexican food joint. I had the Fajitas and they were really good for being fast food. My wife had the carnitas and she really like them as well. If you are looking for some good mexican fast food without the typical greasy feeling, this place is worth a try!
3	When I lived in AZ this was the closest place to get a gut-bomb vegetarian burrito. Their tortillas are fresh and soft, very important! I also enjoy their salsa, it's nicely smokey-spicy. I don't have to worry about what's going into my burrito when I stop here (unlike Filibertos).
5	This place is a find.  A gem tucked away in a strip mall in NE Mesa.  If you are in the mood for some good mexican food at good prices, come on down.  My husband and I each had different burritos and both were excellent, with great salsas too.  The flour tortillas were so fresh and like someone else mentioned, the food wasn't greasy.  This is quality food in a very casual atmosphere.  If you are in a hurry, I noticed that they have drive through too.  Definitely worth a try, especially if you are in the neighborhood.
4	Outstanding "fast food" mexican restaurant. Two words, beef tacos. The tortillas are like something out of a story book. Their sauces are delicious. Good amount of meat and cheese and soooo mouthwatering. Grew up right down the street from this place so I have many friends that have been there and they all absolutely love it. Get a breakfast burro in the morning and taco's for lunch and be happy to go back for dinner. If you're not eating at senor taco or la fonda's in scottsdale you're missing out on very good cheap mexican food.
4	Senor Taco is the BEST! The food is very good and the servings are large if it's eat in. They do have a drive through, which i have used numerous times. I have one other favorite fast food mexican food place and if i had to choose it would be one hard decision. You can't go wrong with the Beef Tacos, the meat has a great flavor, the rice and beans are excellent.
5	Every time I go to Mesa to visit family, I try to stop here, even if its only for next day leftovers.  Everyone's very friendly and will make your food to order and correctly every time.  They also have really great deals each week that are super inexpensive, yet filling and delicious.  (somewhere around $4 for food and beverage depending on the week).  Food is awesome yet affordable and they are so fast on getting it out to you.
3	Thought I would give it a try after finding it on yelp.  The first good sign is seeing a big lunch time crowd, nice outside seating area and clean restaurant.  I ordered the #5 chicken taco combo plate, which is my mexican food staple.  Good looking salsa bar and the food was ready quick.  It seemed to be a little pricey for this type of place (8.50) but the combo plate was ample.  One pet peeve I have is no chips to go along with the great salsa bar, a la chipotle.  The food was good, not great.  However, based on the large crowd, maybe I missed something on the menu that is obviously bringing the people in.
5	Senor taco is a great Mexican food restaurant! Even after only going there 3 times I can say its one of the best Mexican restaurants I have been going back for the price and service it gives you. When you go you will get the feeling of being at a place where yo can  relax and hang out with your friends and just have a good time. There are outside and inside tables for you to sit and eat along with native music in the background. My friend and I decide to go eat at Senor Taco for breakfast, yes I said breakfast this place is just that good. We both order huge burritos. I ordered a California Carne Esada, which is a huge burrito the size of your face stuffed with many ingredients. Such as juicy carne esada meat, french fries, bell peppers, diced tomatoes, cheese, and shredded lettuce. After we both get done ordering we are sitting in anticipation for our food. About 10 minutes after we order we get our food hot off the pan. We both take out first bites and look at each other in agreement with how good our food tastes. The burrito I ordered has been cooked to perfection. A soft warm tortilla that has been expertly wrapped and overstuffed, plenty of warm juicy carne esada meat, evenly spread cheese with a chunk of it here and there, small tangy diced tomatoes, the occasional hint of a bell pepper and lastly the taste of the french fries that have been put in with everything. The taste of my cold beverage helped wash all the goodness of my burrito down and then I enjoy the end of my meal by conversating with my friend while enjoying the chips and salsa that have come along with my meal. If you want a good meal you must got to Senor Taco. It is the kind of place you will want to go back to again and again. I have never had a negative experience here so I definatly recommend it to anyone.
5	Much better than Filiberto's.
5	So here I am driving around in a strange town looking for something to eat.  Usually this doesn't end well. Not knowing where to eat I checked Yelp on my phone and it guided me to Senor Taco. We pulled into the drive trough and the menu was huge. after a quick study I ordered the 5 rolled fish tacos, 5 rolled beef tacos, 2 sides of beans and 2 sides of rice. All of this was under $20. service was quick and we were on our way.  When we got back and set it out there was a lot of food and a butt load of salsa. This was plenty of food for 3 of us we even had leftovers. The food was great for quick Mexican food. Next time I'm in Mesa i will be stopping by Senor Taco good stuff man.
5	I came from Southern California, so I have different expectations for Mexican Fast Food.Senor Taco is likely the best I have had.  The beans are haunting.  Tortillas good.  Shrimp burrito is excellente.  Chicken burrito is great.  It goes on and on.  Great salsa bar, but could be a bit hot for someone from the Midwest.This place blows away Nando's and any other Mexican restaurant in the East valley, except Tia Rosa's.
5	This is the closest mexican food to socal type that I have found. The california burrito is bomb love this place a++
4	This place is pretty good. Haven't been here in awhile but I still remember the quesadillas being bomb. This is a great fast Mexican restaurant.
4	I went to Red Mountain High School just a mile away, and for seniors who could go off campus to lunch, this place was where it was at. It has such affordable prices, coupled with the most monster portions you can find in Mesa, it makes for my favorite casual Mexican restaurant.Their menu is fairly similar to Filiberto's for anyone else who grew up in Mesa and knows, but their portion sizes blow even the famous Fili's out of the water. Everything they serve is authentic, full of flavor, made to order, and makes the absolute most out of your money.
4	I've been going here for a few years, so I figured it was time for a review.  I usually get rolled beef tacos with guac.  8 out of 10 times I go, the food is spot on, but the other 2 times, it seems a little "off". Like maybe the rolled tacos were deep fried too long or the meat was old or the oil needed changing.  That's my only criticism.   If they were more consistent, I'd give them 5 stars.The salsa bar is really good and they even keep it stocked during breakfast hours.  Their breakfast deluxe burrito is enough to feed two people and if you slice up some of their grilled chiles on it, you'll be in heaven (with a hot mouth).Another favorite is the Carne Asada Torta.  Not a lot of places can do homestyle Mexican food right, but Senor Taco has AWESOME Tortas.The food is reasonably priced, the staff is always friendly and the dining area is always clean.
4	Very good food for the price!  Quality food and a great salsa bar make this a great place for take out.
5	Rolled tacos = divine experience. So much bang for the buck too. Ashamed to be completely stuffed for $5 and their salsa is excellent.
4	Tried this place today got the carne asada burrito usually a safe bet it was really good added rice and beans too. First off the burrito was huge adding the rice and beans  I was stuffed I was kinda upset that the combo didn't come with a drink, but all in all it was good and fast.
4	Good fast-food mexican taqueria type food. The bean burrito and rolled tacos are good. I love that now they offer whole wheat tortillas. Their salsa bar is amazing with 3 types of salsa, spicy carrots, onion mix, and fire roasted chiles. Yum.
3	Senor Taco is the best bet for drive-through Mexican food in it's area, in my opinion.  It's not spectacular, but it's plenty tasty and fast.  I usually order the rolled tacos (fish or chicken), or enchilada meal (chicken or shrimp).  The refried beans and rice are also good.  They get the order right most times.  However, I have found that if I make a special request, it often throws them off and they mess up on the order.  By special request, I mean something as simple as asking that they don't put cheese on the rolled tacos.Despite these times, the food and the polite servers will bring me back for more.
3	This place seems to be one of those late night neighborhood places that everyone goes to as the place had a line of cars around the building . This being my first time here I decided to try out their claim to fame which seemed to be the tacos. Let me go on record as saying it is really hard to find a place that does this simple dish justice. Some offer cheap and over cooked pieces of meat as the filling while others offer corn tortillas so soggy they just fall apart in your hands. Not my idea of good eats!! Anyways after ordering a chicken and carne asada taco I headed home to try the food out. The chicken had a slightly charred flavor which was nice once I squeezed a little lime over it. The salsa they offer seemed to have no flavor at all. I would recommend keeping a bottle of your most liked brand near by. The carne asada taco was mostly disappointing as it suffered from lack of seasoning on the meat and a very soggy tortilla. Overall I would say my experience was split 40% good with the remaining 60% going towards a needs improvement. The lack of seasoning from dish to dish shows they are not consistent with the product they put out. Soggy tortillas and flavorless salsa means they need to focus more on the details as this is usually the thing that separates the good from the bad. While this is not the worst place in the world I will not be going back for a while.
5	We love Senior Taco. It's our favorite Mexican restaurant. Great portions, low prices, delicious food."
4	Better than Filibertos. Our favorite Mexican burrito joint. We usually get the rolled tacos and carne asada burrito and split them.
5	What a great way to start the morning.  Food was hot, good and the service great. Many different choices and also have it your way which we did.  had the breakfast burrito with your choice of 4 items for around $4.50...  The food was so fresh we had to wait a few minutes to eat because it was so hot (not spicy).  Unlike Filibertos the food had lots of flavor...  Great place to eat...
4	My fav here is the Carnitas Burrito, My only complaint would be that one of the cashiers is really moody. She can be nice one day and very aloof  the next. Anyhow, I find the food to be tasty and you won't go away hungry if you order the Carnitas Burrito. They also have a nice albeit compact salsa bar next to the drink machines. That area is a bit of a problem when the lunch crowd hits because you're bumping and shimmying with people trying to get their drinks and salsa.The place is bigger than the photo shows.
5	I am addicted shrimp burritos. I eat shrimp burritos whenever I get the chance and they have the best! Very large portions. Really yummie chips made in house. I really hope they open another location, but until they do, I make the drive for their food! Nice place to go for lunch and sit outside or grab dinner to take home.
4	Great value, excellent food, mediocre service.  Don't expect the staff to go out of their way to make you feel like a valued customer, but Senor Taco is a great casual stop-in when you crave simply made, but very tasty Mexican food!  I don't know how they do it, but, from their fish tacos to their tostadas, their rolled tacos to their authentic chilaquiles and their limited salsa bar with spicy carrots on tap, all the food at Senor Taco is very good and made with honestly fresh ingredients at a price that won't sink your wallet-ship!  Nice menu selection...something for all tastes.  Overall, a far better value than the many generic 'bertos eateries (Filibertos, Erikbertos, Polibertos, Losbertos, etc) in the area.  Inside seating is a bit cramped, but they have a nice covered patio area that lets you unwind while you eat.  Solid 4 out of 5!
5	Addicted! Best place ever, and only Mexican walk in I will get seafood and not be scared. Quality food and you get more than what you pay for
5	A little more expensive than Filiberto's but the service and food is very good.  The shrimp burrito is delicious!  As the restaurant is a little small with only a few tables, it's not really built for more than 7-10 people to be sitting and eating at one time.  They do a robust drive-through and take-out business.
5	This place has the best Mexican food in all of AZ atleast for a taco shop. Being from San Diego this is the closest thing to authentic . The mex food in this state is no bueno except for this place. They also happen to be from San Diego maybe that's why lol I've tried many things here and everything has been good. Great Carne Asada burrito , ranchero taquitos, flautas, California surfin burrito.. Awesome salsa bar. It's a small place but it's clean , has a bathroom and staff is friendly. Also you get a lot for your money. ;-)
4	Oh man, this place rocked in all respects to Mexican food! Fili and all the other "bertos" have something to fear! Simple review: everything tasted fresh, was well portioned, and all in a nice and cozy atmosphere. Oh, and must I say that the red sauces actually tasted like something! I will return on many more occasions.
5	Outstanding "fast" mexican food.  The fish tacos are sublime!  Everyrhing is made to order, so drive thru may take longer than usual but so worth the wait.  Best breakfast burritos in town!  Plus its locally owned & operated - not a big chain!
5	This place is awesome.Their portions are huge, but their prices aren't.  I've been here over 30 times and the food is always really good.  I just got a HUGE breakfast burrito with steak, eggs, cheese and potatoes for only $5.29, you can't beat that!Their carne asada nachos are huge enough for two people.  I always like their carne asada quesedillas too.  Those are just my preferences, but the tacos are huge and cheap, the rolled tacos are tasty, the fish taco comes with lots of fish... you see where I'm going.  Make sure to stop in and try their red sauce, they're really good, and I particularly like their spicy onions!  Go here, you can't go wrong.
3	Clean dining room with a.friendly corpus courteous staff.Food quality was good, but it was a bit on the bland side.
3	This makes some pretty decent tacos. It's very similar to Filabertos and Del Taco but a little cleaner. They have the normal things like carnitas, chicken and shredded beef. I always see the drive-thru packed during the week which means the locals in the Red Mountain and Las Sendas area.
4	Busy place for lunch on a weekday.  Try the rice milk with your meal if you're a chai tea lover!
5	Love this place!
3	Yes this place is a little expensive but it's quality food but with that being said the food does take a little more time to get to you even if you do decide to go through the drive thru.  I ordered a cheese enchilada meal and a veggie burrito, which was a lot of food, but I knew that(; I really didn't like the cheese enchiladas or rice and beans that it came with it, the only thing I liked was that it came with sour cream mmmm. Filibertos doesn't add sour cream unless you ask for it haha but I do like their cheese enchiladas better. The veggie burrito I practically inhaled it was soooooo good, I will come back only for that burrito. The guacamole in it was delicious, everything about that burrito was delicious. Definitely will be returning.
4	Great "fast food" Mexican! Usually get the 3 rolled tacos with guacamole and cheese crisp! I love that the use the white Mexican cheese!  The guacamole is delicious!  Bean and cheese burritos are good, as well as the crane Assad burritos! Service is great and food is yummy!
5	This place is outstanding!!  Best Mexican food in this price range.  The burritos are amazing, and the fish tacos are epic.  We come here often... great place!
5	At this price point, there is no better Mexican food in the east valley. Generous portions, very friendly staff, very clean establishment, and incredibly tasty food. Anything on the menu is fantastic.
5	This place has amazing food for being a fast food restaurant. Give yourself extra time when visiting this restaurant they are slow, but worth the wait.
5	Freshly made tortillas, delicious ingredients, cheap prices, and a salsa bar make this our go-too mexican place. The Surf & Turf burrito is amazing- shrimp, steak, veggies, rice and a creamy chipotle sauce.
5	I first heard of this place and someone raved about their burritos. I, of course, living in Arizona and having a burrito shop on every corner didn't think much of it. Then I tried it. Nothing I've ever had here has failed me. I especially enjoy anything with shrimp like their shrimp tacos, shrimp enchiladas, or the diablo shrimp burrito. Their burritos are large, everything is of stellar quality, fresh tasting, and delicious. Their salsa bar is amazing. I'm a huge fan of this place and even though I've moved across town, I still come back. Their service leaves a lot to be desired (as with many places is the case), but it's not enough to keep me away. I highly recommend! And it's right next door to a great Thai place, too!
5	If you haven't eaten here you're bummin'. Big portions, cheap, clean, but most of all...delicious! Yum!
5	What more can I say that has not already been said in other reviews...This place is by far the best as far as fast mexican food goes and in fact, I will take it over most sit down chains as well, like mi amigo's. Senor Taco is much better than Filberto's (and I do like them as well) because the prices are pretty much the same and Senor Taco seems to just use better ingredients. The burrito's are huge and I have never had a less than superb one. I like the shrimp burrito and my wife salivates over the mere though of their bean and cheese burrito.I have also had the fish tacos and it is in fact, something to write home about. I also really like their chips. For under $2 you can get a decent sized bag of really good chips and their salsa bar is a million times better than filly b's.All in all, you can't go wrong here, 5 stars for sure.
4	Pretty good Mexican food at a pretty good price! If you've got a low budget and want Mexican better than Taco Bell or Del Taco, this is the place to go! They also have a drive thru.
5	The food here is the best. I have not eaten anything that hasn't been good. Friendly staff. And if you need something done a little different no problem.
3	Please, do not fail to read the caveat in the second paragraph of this review.  Senor Taco is one of the best places in Mesa, AZ for Mexican Food.  My husband and I moved to Mesa in 2010, and we've been on the hunt for excellent Mexican cuisine since we arrived.  About six months ago, we read Yelp reviews and decided to give Senor Taco a try.  It is GREAT.However, as the old saying goes "I'd rather have hamburger well served than a steak in the face."  Despite the good food, Senor Taco's service leaves much to be desired.  My order has never once been correct.  So on Friday, August 8, 2014, at 10:30 a.m., I ordered a breakfast burrito and **politely** mentioned my preference, citing my previous orders had been incorrect.  I received a not only a snarky retort, but it was delivered with a dismissive wave of the hand by the young man taking orders at the counter and the drive-through.  No amount of good food is worth disrespectful treatment; as if the customer is a burden to endure rather than someone to pleasantly attend.We will certainly go back to Senor Taco, but I can unequivocally say that if the same young man is at the counter, I'll go next door to Lucky Lou's or The Thai Patio.
1	NO way, poor service and food was not worth how I was treated. I wouldn't recommend them to any one, it you want service like that just go to taco bell
4	Super tasty food, reasonable prices, fast and friendly service. Plus they serve beer! I especially love their chili oil. Way better than Filibertos.
5	We drive 20 mins out of our way to get their chilaquiles! Great service, fast and TASTE AMAZING!! The store is clean and they have an all you can handle salsa bar. YUM!!!!
5	Mmmmmm. Huge menu. Don't be intimidated. Just yell out shredded beef taco, carne asada burrito, or chips. You can't lose. Simply melts in your mouth.
5	Our family loves Senor Taco! Everything is good especially the Carne Asada plate, nachos, and burrito. Food is fresh, servings are big enough to share and the price is right. The green salsa is amazing!
5	Yum. That is all you need to really know. YuuuuummmmPpl complain about the drive through which is so ridiculous. Its great food that appears to be made fresh to order. Wait the extra minute ppl.
5	There were several choices in the area for Mexican food. But thanks to yelp, we found a gem. Yum yum yum!!!
