4	This store is full of really helpful people. I was in the Architecture and the Art programs at ASU for several years, so I had some pretty odd assignments I ended up doing, but they always helped me find a way to get the job done. Also, if they don't have what you're looking for, they'll send you to a store that does have it. And they have all those cute nick-nacks in the front of the store (I found them rather inspirational). They don't have the cheapest prices, though. Home Depo has a larger stock and cheaper prices a lot of times, but I've had some trouble with people there not knowing how to work around a problem there when everything isn't spelled out in black and white. And most importantly, it's close to the ASU campus, so it's easy for students to get to! Also, it opens pretty early, so you can go pick something up and then go to a 7:40am class, making it just in time so you don't get in trouble with your metals teacher for not having the right brass tube to make a hinge.
5	I love this store. They are friendly and helpful without being intrusive. As a female, I've been treated poorly in several hardware stores. But they have never talked down to me here.  Whether I'm looking for painting advice, plumbing advice, or help finding a specialty light bulb, the staff has always been knowledgeable.  And I love how it doesn't take twenty minutes to walk across the store.
1	Awful service here.  Would not honor a coupon for propane in December, even though the fine print allowed it. I let that pass, but yesterday they hassled me over a return with an Ace backed guarantee. Cashier said "if we do anything would you want a refund or an exchange?"  That ticked me off - "if"?  Had to get 2 other people involved before a manager took one look at the receipt at the product and refunded.  Why did it take that level when I had a receipt and the product with the guarantee plainly printed on the label?  Cashier told person in front of me that this location is closing- good riddance.  Update - manager responded, said they are not closing. Maybe he should also let his staff know, as they are telling people that ASU bought up the strip mall and is running everyone out.
5	Love this store they are always so helpful and someone is always around to help. If I sign up for one of their frequent shopper cards they are always sending a $5 off coupon.
