3	Avis has elevated the "bait-and-switch" technique to a new level.  When reserving the car, I clicked on the Premium category.  When I arrived at the rental counter, I learned that at this location, a Pontiac Grand Prix qualifies as a Premium car.  As a matter of principle I was not going to upgrade if I had to pay more.  I find it strange that when I rent from Hertz, which is located next door, that a Premium car will put me into a Lincoln, Buick Lucerne or something similar.  Nonetheless, the vehicle served its purpose and there were no mechanical difficulties.  Although the car could have been cleaner when presented for rental.  This was my first time renting from Avis and in Charlotte, it may be my last.  I wasn't wowed.  And oh yeah, to Avis customer service, bore someone else with tales of your incompetence.  That's All!
2	Avis cars are so much grosser than Hertz; Charlotte's Avis is definitely no exception to this rule. The good thing is that you can rent your car at the desk near baggage claim (unlike at Hertz who only have employees at the desk in their main office).I would only rent here if there was no other option. Not only do they have a worse selection of cars, but also they are more expensive! One good thing is that their bus (smaller and older than Hertz), drops you off right in front of your parking spot so you don't have to walk. But the bus driver doesn't help you with your bags like they do at Hertz.
2	When I arrived at the rental counter I was pestered and pestered to purchase upgrades.  No, I don't want an SUV.  No, I don't want that SUV either.  No, I still don't want an SUV.  I don't care that a Ford Edge doesn't look like an SUV, I still don't want to pay 25 bucks to upgrade, I have 900 miles to drive and would like to get better than 20mpg, thanks.  No, I don't want coverage.  No, I still don't want coverage.  No, I don't want that coverage either.  No, I won't buy your crappy prepaid gas deal.  No, I'm telling you, honestly, I don't want coverage.That's literally what happened.  I had to deny everything at least 3-4 times before they would let me go.  I had to tell them I didn't want an SUV at least 6 times.  Other Avis locations allow Avis Preferred members to go straight to their car, but this time I had to spend 15 minutes arguing with the gate agent just to get the car I reserved.Also, I should have gotten a free upgrade with my Avis Preferred / Amex Platinum agreement, but I didn't. My "full size" car was an unremarkable Nissan Altima 2.5 CVT.  It was clean, comfortable, reliable and in good shape.  "Full size" used to mean a Grand Marquis or a big Buick, now it's a big 4 cyl Nissan according to Avis.
5	Always a pleasure, Preferred Member Desk is always efficient, your reservation is always ready upon arrival and the check in/out process is fast and efficient.
4	Another great location, especially if you are a "Preferred" member.  The gentleman at the counter by the baggage claim directed me to the bus outside.  Within two minutes I was on the bus and headed towards the lot.  The lady driving was very nice and provided me with the location of my rental car.  The bus dropped us off right by the car and I was on the road within minutes.  Check-in was even easier.  The bus took me back to the airport (with another lovely and chatty driver) and I was on my way back to NYC lickity split.Another great AVIS experience!
3	I would have given this 4 stars at the beginning of my trip.  The employees are courteous and friendly.However, when I returned, that rating went right out the window.  They tried to nail me me for a door ding that was already there. I thought it was a bit odd that all paperwork  is now done electronically.  They didn't give me any form to mark damage so I didn't think to do my own walk around. Check for damages before you leave the lot.  When I left, they waved me through because someone drove their car into a barrier.   But I will continue to use them because each location really is hit or miss and I should have done my due diligence before leaving.
1	The reviews on this page must have been written by employees of this Avis.  I travel all over the United States, rent cars from National, Hertz and Avis.  Whom I rent from is decided by the client.  I have NEVER rented from a worse rental agency that the Avis in Charlotte!  The employees are the most unfriendly, unhelpful worst at customer service as I have experienced anywhere I have rented, and I have the highest status availible at Avis.  Their cars are old, dirty and most of the time missing a full tank of gas.  Whenever you bring up a problem they do NOTHING about it.  My advice and what I am going to tell my clients in Charlotte---AVOID these folks at all costs.  You will regret not taking my advice.
3	Check in took quite a while because the clerk wasn't sure how to handle a prepaid reservation... He was still courteous and asked for my patience, which I was willing to give, so it was all good... Turns out, they didn't place a hold on my card at all, which I wasn't expecting, but that's neither here nor there... They did offer a reasonable upgrade to the next class level for $10 when we had to add an additional person in the car, so that was nice... Make sure you're allllllll the way on full when you bring it back... I was a little under and the fill up would have cost $9.50 a gallon for them to do it... Considerable markup when you take into account the gas station down the street is $3.59 per gallon... Sheesh.
1	Sigh, my experience with Avis left me very aggrieved. I travel a lot so I have been to a lot of different airports. Every rental car place is different! Some you check-in at the terminal, some you take a bus down the street, some you take a bus miles away. I made the mistake of getting on the Avis bus without first checking in at the terminal. I know this is my fault but, somehow I missed the rental car desks at CLT.I arrive to the car area and go inside to pick up my rental from a prepaid online reservation. The man sitting at the desk, (whose job it is to help clients) acted like I was insane for going in there. He was so RUDE to me, I mean condescendingly rude to me because I did not get my paper work from the airport terminal. After taking all of two whole minutes to complete my check-in (literally), I apologized again and told him I didn't realize I was suppose to check-in in the airport. It was an honest mistake. He looked at me and in the rudest way possible said sure. Sorry for interrupting your night at work, to help me for two minutes when I made an honest mistake and genuinely apologized twice for it.I will never use Avis again in any airport due to my awful experience with that man.
2	My bank balance seemed off yesterday, so I went online to check it out... This Avis charged me $130 in addition to the amount I actually paid for the reservation on Priceline... Excuse me?  Now, I paid for the upgrade which was $10 daily and apparently there is a 32% tax which brought the total up to $52 for the upgrade and completely destroyed my savings, but fine... That was my fault... The other charges?  They charged me for GAS!  Yeah... Remember the previous review where I noted that I had to leave the lot and head to the gas station for $3.59 a gallon to make sure it was completely filled up?  Somehow they found a way to open the gas tank and shove another $80 worth of gas in there... What?  The almost receipt (their system could not completely check in my car at the time and they gave me a basic slip of paper with a note that they would mail me a full receipt, which I have yet to receive) showed the fuel gauge was on 8 (full) from a scale of 0-8 after I took the car down the street, topped the tank off and brought it back... Somehow they still saw fit to charge me for gallons and gallons of gas... Apparently now it will take anywhere from three to five days for me to get my money back... The only reason they have not gotten a single star is that the person I spoke with about on the phone seemed to understand that this was some sort of mix up on their end and offered to fix it without giving me the runaround (so far)... I'll definitely be providing an update whenever this is resolved... I hate that Priceline does not let you pick your vendor... I was so surprised when everything went relatively smooth because I have had issues with this company in the past... Here we go again, Avis... Ugh.
1	Still have not received the refund for the extra $80 charge on my card... I have called numerous times, explained the situation to at least four separate people and had to wait on hold for them to come back to ask for my phone number so they can "research" this and never call back... I called back again this week and spoke with another manager that says they are waiting for my refund to be processed, but he does not know how long it will be... Probably another week... This company makes me not want to use Priceline ever again... I am absolutely disgusted with them...  Oh! And in case you're wondering, I've still not received the receipt they were supposed to mail me over a month ago...
1	Terrible service and company.  I booked a four day rental and was told by the Avis rep that we need to bring the vehicle back ANY TIME before 8am Monday.  My wife and I end up returning the rental Sunday 10pm (before the Monday 8am deadline).  Now an Avis rep is stating that I will be charged $800 if I return the rental before 12am Monday!!!   A fee for returning ghe car a few hours earlier!?!?!  This is a ridiculous company with no effective management or employees capable of exercising some common sense practices.
2	I rent a car every week when I am out travelling and I rarely write car rental reviews but there are a couple of things about this CLT location you need to know.Arrivals:I'm Preferred so I received an e-mail prior to my arrival with info on my car and which stall.  The shuttle service from the airport was prompt and the driver asks if you are preferred and if they have your info about your car, they will let you know.  But they don't do individual drop off for Preferred - you would think they would since they know (and I have that service at other airports.) Just a little annoying.Departures:Get gas before you head to the airport because there isn't an obvious gas station nearby. Shuttle service back to the airport is prompt so you don't have to add too much time into your airport arrival time calculations.I definitely think this location could do better as far as service is concerned so they only get 2 stars.
5	I don't understand all the negative reviews. Staff were patient and friendly. I had been trying to find the best deal on Hotwire and had found the lowest price on that site, then called around to car rental places to see if anyone could beat it. The lady I contacted with Avis got me a much better price so I booked with them. The woman at the airport terminal where we checked in upgraded our car about 5 levels to a hyundai genesis for the same price as our original sub compact. I don't know if she felt bad for us (we were on our way to a funeral and looked a hot mess) but she was very patient and friendly. It pays to be nice to people! I screwed up with them by accidentally getting the insurance, which I did not want or need, or realized until I turned in the car a few days later and saw the extra charge. The staff explained why they wouldn't be able to give me a refund on that because I had been covered by them the whole time, BUT they figured out a way to still get some of the cost down which I am extremely grateful for. I am giving them 5 stars because while I had problems, they were my fault and the staff still worked very hard to make us happy. The employees all really went above and beyond to try and ensure we had an exceptional experience.
4	The pick up bus runs every 10 minutes. It is very convenient especially if you are preferred.
1	Bye Bye Avis.  Never using your Charlotte location again.  Yes it was my fault.  I left my iphone and BlackBerry in the car.  When I took the shuttle to airport, I realized my mistake.  Took the shuttle back to the office and they found the BlackBerry only.  The Preferred staff was rude upon my arrival and then this happens.  Not a sincere group of counter staff and definately not an honest staff of car cleaners.
1	Absolutely horrible. Here in Charlotte on a business trip and the boss prepaid for a car rental. We were told when we made the reservation that a credit card and ID was required upon arrival, but were not told that it would hold an extra $200 deposit for the duration of the rental. I tell them I can't afford to have that much on hold my whole trip, and they tellMe that I can't rent a car then. No apologies for the misunderstanding, no suggestions on a solution. Tried to get my boss who made the reservation on the phone, but the girl behind the counter just said she couldn't talk to her over the phone. And she'd have to contact the third party she made the reservation with the get a refund.  So here I sit, in the middle of Charlotte, with no mode of transportation, and no give a damn from any of the staff here. As I type this, they are behind the counter joking and laughing obnoxiously, shooting the shit, and ignoring my existence. Customer service at its finest folks.
1	Wow.  The only agent in non preferred was s-l-o-w, untrained and unable to handle the customer transaction before her.  As I stood in line waiting forever, three agents sat idly and smugly behind the preferred counter, chatting and doing no work whatsoever.  When I asked one of them to help me, all I got was attitude, "we only handle preferred". I replied the sole individual behind the non preferred desk needed help as she clearly did not know what she was doing.  This fell upon deaf ears until I said loudly,  well since I'm not pre-paid nevermind I'll walk next door to Hertz. Only then did someone help me. (10/9, 4:30 pm, on the off chance management cares).
1	I wish I could give zero stars!!  DO NOT RENT A CAR FROM AVIS Charlotte Airport!  I had to leave NC early and wanted to find out if it was cheaper to change my flight or drive back to NJ. Based on the information I got, I decided to drive thinking it would cost about 425.00. Expensive but cheaper than changing the flights.  I not only got the wrong information but ended up having to pay over 900 dollars for the car rental!!! I could have bought a used car and drove home!  It's been over 6 weeks and no one has contacted me. I made phone calls, wrote letters etc. I got  information from the main office but they said I had to deal with the same place I rented the car.  I will NEVER rent from Avis and will write a negative review for my corporation's travel website.
2	After arriving in Charlotte, I went to the Avis counter within the airport to rent a car.  This is the first time I've rented in Charlotte and the first time I've rented any car in over 10 years.  So I'm a little out of touch.  After waiting 10 minutes to talk to the one clerk, she told me to get on the bus and go to the Avis rental car center.  So I got on the bus and went to the rental car center.  When I exited the bus with my bags, there was a friendly, smiling woman who asked me for my last name.  She told me which spot my car was in and that the keys were in it.  I walked to the car with my two co-workers thinking, "I should've asked for a bigger car."  Upon arrival, I saw that we had a Chevy Cruze, which is small for three people to spend the next three days in.  But I didn't ask for a different car because we were in a hurry to get to the office.  They charge $5/day for GPS, so I brought my own Garmin, which worked out perfectly.  When we loaded our luggage and sat in the car, it was quickly evident that this was formerly a smoker car.  What happened to the 'Smoke-free fleet', Avis?  The car smelled pretty bad, but we took it anyway.  As I was driving, I thought, "Oh no, they're going to charge ME for the cleaning of the smoke when I return the car!"  So I called Avis and explained that they gave me a smoker car and I had better not be charged for it.  The phone representative noted this on my account and I was never charged for the cleaning.  Still, it was a disappointing experience because cigarette smoke is my pet peeve.  I hate it and I do not want to be exposed to it.  Ever.This was a learning experience.  When I return to Avis in a couple weeks for another business trip, I'll update my car preferences and smell the car before I drive away.
3	Rented another car at Avis with a co-worker and this time, the experience was much better.  We got the car we wanted with no cigarette smoke and we didn't have to wait in line for 10 minutes.  Once you figure out the system, Avis Preferred is pretty sweet.  Nice job.
5	Nice and easy, easy and nice.  That's how it should go.  That's how it went.  All of the staff were genuine in their greeting and offers for assistance.  They did a great job.  Working in an airport must be challenging and frustrating, but these guys and gals were pros.
