2	Agreed Neal, this is one of the most pointless stores I have ever seen. It has barely anything, there are no tills so the queue is huge, and it is just about 300 metres down from one that has served all of Newington pretty well for quite a few years.Just another example of Tesco taking over the world.
2	Look, if you need milk, go right ahead, pop in and get some milk.However, don't expect there to be the exact type of milk that you need and/or want. Also don't expect the aisles to be clean, the staff to be helpful (they've actually bowled me over on several occasions) or to answer your questions.The only difference are two girls often servicing the tills, they're quite nice and you're lucky if you get them. There is however a fat, old, INCREDIBLY slow man who I've seen take 4.25 minutes to tally up 7 items. No, really, I timed him.Always, always avoid him and go to self-serve, if they're working.Or better yet, go to the bigger and better Tesco down the road. This one's rubbish. It really is.
4	Essential for groceries if you're staying nearby. There's no shortage of pubs, restaurants or cafes, but grocery stores are few and far between. It's not like it's bloody Whole Foods, but you've got all the basics and the prices aren't enough to bankrupt your wallet.
3	What can I say? Location is everything. This Tescos is convenient and has all the basics. When the queues aren't too long, the staff are extremely friendly and chatty while checking you out. That said, if you're looking for a larger selection, it's worth it to walk the five minutes up South Bridge to the Tesco Metro.
4	This Tesco Express had a facelift! In the few weeks since I last stopped in, it has become (dare I say it?) a trendy Tesco Express? It used to be somewhere that, as I said in my first review, was great because of its convenient location for picking up much-needed supplies. Now the front of the store has been remodelled and it is ideal for the on-the-run (yes, I know, 'express') food for the locals and tourists who pass through this part of Old Town en masse. There are new open fridges in the front that are fully stocked with sodas, bottled waters, sandwiches and snacks.The fruit and veggies now reside in the back, but they are still there and there are now two types of spinach to choose from instead of just one. That said, perhaps the switch in Tesco's prioritisation of on-the-go foods over the fruit and veg says just a wee bit about our society? No matter if you like that or not, you may like the new look of this place for the times you need to stop in. I like how it looks better, but I'll still go elsewhere for better quality fruit and vegetables if I have the choice. However, like yesterday when I was in desperate need of milk for making my scones on a Saturday morning, I have been very glad that this little Tesco is so reliable and convenient.
2	Really small, really busy. Not the cleanest, hard to find stuff I felt , staff was ok I felt like maybe they were understaffed .
