5	This place has the very best cupcakes in town!!!  The red velvet is a must try for everyone.  Great creamy icing and they're always fresh.  Oh and really great carrot cake cupcakes too. Way better than SAS Cupcakes.
5	My sister ordered a cake from Decadent Designs for my baby shower and it turned out GREAT!  The cake was a surprise for me and I loved it.  My sister gave them the shower invitation, which was blue and brown with elephants on it.  They replicated the elephants beautifully and the blue color was so vibrant.  I really liked that the whole cake wasn't covered in fondant but rather it was buttercream (the decorations were fondant).  I didn't want to cut into it because it was so cute, but once I did was incredibly happy because of how tasty it looked.  It was devil's food with raspberry mousse filling and was to die for.  The cake was huge and we had a lot left over so I froze individual slices that will come in handy when I'm up at 3am with the baby and in need of a pick-me-up!
4	I lurve bakeries. If I didn't have jeans to fit into, I would live in one. And eat cupcakes and cheesecake and brownies and cookies ALL DAY LONG. But I *do* have some sense of health, so when I go for a cupcake or a treat, I want it to be good. That's why I was quite pleased with Decadent Designs!Hubs and I dropped by to snag some treats to bring over to a friend's house. The very nice woman behind the counter led us through the different flavors and even let us sample a bit of their cheesecake (which was creamy dreamy deliciousness). Most cupcakes ranged from $2-$4 depending on flavor and size. We purchased a variety box of red velvet, carrot, turtle and devil's food cake. The red velvet cupcake was solid - albeit a bit dry. The cream cheese frosting was some of the best I've had, though, and that made up for the bit of dryness near the bottom of the cupcake. Our friends loved the carrot cake cupcake, too. I wasn't able to stick around to take stock in the rest of the cupcakes, but I have a feeling they were long gone within an hour. If you're looking for treats in the Ballantyne/Blakeney area, Decadent Designs is a very solid choice.
4	I ordered a cake from Decadent Designs for my daughter's baptism brunch and it was gorgeous!  Their web site has several pictures of actual cakes they had designed, so I came in with some ideas and they were extremely accommodating.  The baker walked me through all my options and helped me design the most gorgeous cake.  I also sampled different icings and she advised me which cake flavors and fillings would work best.  The final cake turned out perfectly!  It was gorgeous and delicious!  It was absolutely worth the cost and I will definitely go back there the next time I need a cake for a special occasion.
5	Decadent Designs did my wedding cake. They were easy to work with, kind and considerate- and patient with me throughout the process. Their cake was wonderful- even one year later when it came out of the freezer for our anniversary- just delicious! They were reliable and very fairly priced. I would recommend them for any occasion!!
5	Amazing cakes! Expensive but worth it for special occasions.
5	For Goodness Sake let's eat some Baked!  The Chocolate Chip Cookie was GREAT!  All the Baked goods looked real good!  The Ladies working here were very friendly!  If you are not taking it with you and the weather is nice look at the Patios!!!  Very nice!  Right next door to "Persis Biryani Grill"!  We did not even ask about the "Gelato" since it was in a Dispenser... Question Mark, sad face, question Mark, sad, sad Face...  Since they have a Gelato sign maybe the will make some that we can yelp about... Until then the Cookie was GREAT!
4	We have ordered many cakes from Decadent Designs and have not had a bad experience or cake yet.  Today's cake was for my daughters 2nd birthday.  I can't bring myself to feed my sweet children and their friends a dye infused, screenprinted cake from Wal-Mart so we spend the extra coin for an "artisan" cake if you will.Since she's 2 and it sometimes feel like she loves Dora the Explorer more than life itself we went with a Dora cake.  It was perfect.  European Butter Cream on the outside, Hazelnut cream inside and vanilla cake was perfect.  It was just sweet enough, the cake itself was light and fluffy and both frostings inside and out were a hit.  The design on the top was a perfect replication of Dora and my daughter smiled from ear to ear when she saw it.  The designer was spot on and everything was perfect.The new shop in Conlan Circle is very spacious and well planned out.  They added coffee, ice cream and gelato so hopefully that adds to their business.  Locally owned great business!  I will be back.
3	I found this bakery as I was eating at my favorite pizza place in ballantyne Tonys.  Seems this bakery moved from Matthews an as I walked in it smelled Delish :)  I bought the turtle cupcake , turtle brownie an a day old turnover .  The turtle cupcake was amazing chocolate, marshmallow Carmel w nuts an filled w Carmel melts in ur mouth . The cake was a devils food cake very moist .   The brownie I found to be too rich an to much frosting on top .   The turnover wasn't very good maybe b/c it was a day old :(  I will go back I want to try their cookies an their lemon bars.  Their cakes looked amazing , try put this bakery an make sure the turtle cupcake is a must.  Enjoy
4	This is a great bakery located Ballantyne. I'm a huge fan of their white cake with vanilla mousse filling.  I know, vanilla, but trust me - it's not easy to get white cake right.  The crumb is tender and moist.  The simplicity in this cake is what makes is great!
5	What a treat! The birthday cake I ordered was gorgeous and extremely tasty. The staff was very helpful and friendly. They have a huge assortment of custom cakes available and the prices are reasonable. No question it is the best in Charlotte.
5	I ordered a groom's cake for our rehearsal dinner last month.  My now husband is a huge South Carolina Gamecocks fan, so as a surprise, I ordered a red velvet cake with the Gamecocks logo on it.  I was a little nervous because there was so much detail to the design, but when I picked it up the day of the rehearsal, it was perfect!  It was even better than I had imagined it would be.  The design was perfect and it was also delicious.  All of our guests loved it!  We will definitely recommend Decadent Designs to all friends, and will be frequenting it again ourselves.
5	I had attempted to locate Decadent Designs yesterday on my birthday but my internal GPS sent me to the old location rather than the new one. Today was different. I knew exactly where I was going but I was unprepared for the sheer size of their new space. If you've ever been to their old space then you know how small it was. The new space is enormous!One enters through the glass covered corner at the far right of the building & emerges into a bright open space that has a number of comfy chairs, a hallway leads into the back where bathrooms are located. To the left of the hallway are refrigerated units containing cakes, cupcakes and other baked goods. On the far left is the gelato/coffee bar. There is also patio seating available.I perused the baked goods. As far as cakes go the number of prepared ones is very small. Most cakes are made to order. I chose a 10" one with buttercream frosting & small ribbons of purple & green ribbon frosting. The inside of the cake was described as yellow with lemon mousse.I also bought seven cupcakes. I personally tried the key lime, the carrot cake & the turtle cupcakes. While they were all good the turtle cupcake was the best of them all. It was like a chocolate orgasm. I also had a strawberry cupcake, a pina colada, a lemon cupcake and a small red velvet. These I gave away to co-workers. Everyone wanted to know where they came from and I was happy to share.Jan helped me assemble the delightful assortment. I asked her if the gelato was made on site & she confirmed that it was. She gave me a taster of the caramel flavor. It tasted to me like frozen frosting that melted in my mouth & had a buttercream finish. I know I'll have to go back just for it.I sampled the cake this evening and its so yummy! I'll be hard pressed not to eat it all tonight.I watched two of the designers decorating some custom cakes then packed my goodies in the car & went to work. I can't wait to go back.
5	(7/8/13) Individual cupcakes get individual containers! What a great concept. I had been dreading a larger box that would get tossed around by my driving & destroying both the cupcake & the frosting. I bought a lemon cupcake on this visit. It was perfection.
5	(7/22/13) Fresh turtle cupcakes and a new flavor, at least to me, Boston Cream Pie. Very yummy as always. For gelato fans two of the bakery's gelato machines are down. They are waiting for replacements. : (
5	(7/30/13) I stopped by Decadent Designs to get a turtle cupcake for a friend & to try their chocolate chip cookies. The cookies were as big as my head & they were so delicious! I see more cupcakes and cookies in my future!
5	(7/31/2013) I stopped by on my way to work for another delicious turtle cupcake. I'll check out the gelato this weekend. (8/10/13) I stopped by for gelato this afternoon and tried out the salted caramel. It is delicious.  It hits the spot on a miserably hot day like today. When you come make sure to look for the cake tops. They're a bargain at $3.25/box.
5	(8/12/13) I stopped by today to pick up a couple chocolate chip cookies for work. They were nice and fresh. The bakery was full of cookies, cupcakes and cakes. The cookies are $2.00 each but they are almost as big as one's head! I always have a difficult time deciding what to get because everything looks so delicious.
3	I stopped by today 9-7-13 for cake tops. There was only one available. I got it at a discount and it went right into the freezer. I also got some ginger cookies and some sugar cookies from their dollar day old basket as well as the key lime bar. Everything was good but nothing was memorable.
5	Went to Decadent Designs while I was in town visiting my family and got a cookie and cupcake. Both were delicious and the ladies behind the counter were super helpful and sweet. I'll definitely be coming back here for more treats!!
4	Love local bakeries and this one is superb! Stopped in for treats one day and left with a menagerie of mini-treats. The mini eclairs and key lime bars are great- although be prepared for the tartness of the key lime. They have great deals for brides-to be!
5	I love Decadent Designs Bakery!  Their cake balls are so amazing!!  I also tried a brownie this last time and it was very good.  Their cupcakes are also some of the better cupcakes in the Charlotte area.  Keep up the good work!
4	I happened to be driving by this place and decided to stop in. Although they specialize in wedding cakes I think, there other pastries looked appetizing and some tasted better than they looked. I wouldn't recommend their cupcakes--they were overly sweet (I know that sounds weird) and weren't very moist, but their lemon bars were great. So creamy with just the right combination of sweet and tart. I haven't been back in a while because my thighs can't afford it, but I'll be returning pretty soon.
3	Yummy but always understaffed. They need to hire folks to just run the cash register while the two main ladies take care of the special orders. Always a constant problem and very frustrating.
5	Cup cake are delecious, yummy,,, love this place,,  they take a special cake order for the event, dont miss it,  worth to try
