3	finally a better Vietnamese restaurant near me!!!  this place is a lot better than some of the Vietnamese places here in vegas...i.e. pho kim long.  what's great about the place is that they have the sandwiches (banh mi).  you have to get the one with the sweet sizzling grilled pork.  yummy, just becareful with the jalapenos that they put in there.  it used to be just $2.50, but now they raised it a buck more, but still worth it, since it's pretty big.  they have all the pho dishes, and my favorite hu tieu hay mi bo kho (beef stew with egg noodles)---it is a bit bland here, but gawd the meat is so tender.  i also found that they have the bo 5 mon dish (which is all these raw meats that you get to grill or boil yourself, then you add vegatable fixins, and roll it up in rice paper to dip in peanut sauce).  i cant wait to come back to try that.  they also have various milk shakes...i.e avocado, honeydew, sour sop, and my favorite---durian (so stinky on the outside, but tastes like a very rich buttery vanilla).    the only drawback with this place is the small portions on soup.  maybe it's because i get it to go all the time, but i guess i'll have to sit it one time to try all the other dishes.  i'm just glad to have a Vietnamese restaurant down the road from me, but trust me there are better ones here in vegas....
5	Wow! What fresh cuisine! Many Vietnamese restaurants that I frequented here, in Vegas and on the East Coast (where I am from) where far from fresh--they provided often stale traditional foods, while their Americanized fair was greasy and not very appetizing (pretty typical).  This Vietnamese place does not even offer Americanized dishes. It offers simple, Vietnamese cuisine. It tastes delicious in its simplicity and the variety is still good enough for a food enthusiast or a first timer.The only slight draw back--the owners are also the servers, especially at lunch time. While they are very adept in the kitchen--yum--they do not speak much English and can't always understand the order. I had difficulty understanding them on a couple of occasions. I do not view this as a major drawback as I think this adds to the authenticity of the restaurant, but someone else may.Overall, great restaurant. I am craving it right now!
3	Trying to support our neighborhood mom and pop shops, we grabbed a quick dinner at Pho 777.  The BF has been there before, but this was my first time.  We were the only customers on this weekday evening.For an appetizer, we shared #1 Goi cuon (spring rolls: rice sheet shrimp, pork & lettuce) for $3.50.  In the picture, it shows four spring rolls which I thought was a hearty amount.  (I was originally going to just order that for dinner.)  When it arrived, it was actually one spring roll cut in half with hoisin dipping sauce.  I thought this was definitely false advertising.  (What if we had a party of four and planned on sharing?)For my main, I went for #9 Bun bo xao xa (Grilled lemongrass sliced beef over vermicelli and vegetables) for $7.25.  When it arrived, it looked like a hearty portion.  Then I moved the beef around noticed it really wasn't all that much.  It tasted more like a stir-fry than grilled beef.  However, the onions were cooked to perfection.The BF wanted grilled sliced pork, but over rice.  The waitress suggested #8 Bun thit nuong, cha gio (Grilled sliced pork and fried egg rolls over vermicelli and vegetables) for $7.95, but replace the noodles with rice.  When his order arrived, it really didn't look like much.  It came with two fried egg roll halves and the grilled pork definitely didn't look like anything in the picture.  If anything, it looked like the leftover scrap meat you have when you're done grilling.  There was more rice on the plate than anything.  Overall, we paid over $20 for our dinner, and that was not including beverages.  We left hungry.  It wasn't worth the price for what we got overall.  And I definitely didn't appreciate the misleading pictures on the menu.2.5 starsSidenote: They also offer shabu shabu hot pot with beef, chicken, or seafood from 11:30 am to 9:30 pm.
