4	Excellent family owned restaurant. The service is always fast and friendly, the shop is quite clean, and for $5.55-$5.95 (depending on the dish) you can get a huge portion for lunch including chow mein, fried rice, a meat dish, soup and a drink. (Soup only included if you dine-in.)I've been here about once a week since they opened for my lunch break, and I've never left anything less than satisfied.
5	Peter and Nancy (Owners) run their place very effectively.  It is a "fast-food" Chinese place, but the quality is beyond the "fast-food" image!  The demand that their cooks make the best Chinese food they can.  Peter is always asking customers if everything was OK.  I have seen him personnally re-make a dish a customer said was too hot (chili hot) to ensure the customer was satisfied with his meal.  Everyone who works there are Chinese and really know how to cook GREAT Chinese food.  We go at least three times a month (we live over 20 miles away) and have "never" been disappointed with anything we have had.   The prices are so affordable.  The lunch specials are good and affordable for anyone (one main dish, noodles, rice, soup and a drink) for $6.  You can not finish the lunch plate by yourself!!!!  The place is very clean, service is fast, the owners are very "people" type of folks, and the food is "GREAT."We always get their crispy wontons, hot & sour soup (best we have ever had), egg plant and tofu, and one of their special dishes (varies with each trip).  Oh, their noodles dishes are to die for!  Ask Peter or Nancy what they would recommend for your tastes.  Everyone leaves the Golden China with a big smile on their faces and say they can't believe how much food they get for the price.
3	This review is for delivery only. The call was handled efficiently with them taking all the necessary information, our order and giving me the total in no time. We got 2 entrees [mongolian beef & chicken lettuce wraps] a spam musubi, a thai iced tea and a boba. It came out to $27 and they gave us 2 free egg rolls since we were new customers, which was a nice touch! The order arrived in roughly a half hour. The man came straight to our door and was very polite. The lettuce was fresh and crunchy with the perfect bowl shape for making the wraps. The chicken mixture was really salty with a lot of crunch from the water chestnuts. I would've liked it a little less salty. The mongolian beef had a lot of vegetables in it, which was nice to see. I'm not sure how authentic it was, but the boy didn't particularly enjoy it. I thought it had a lot of grease...The musubi was tasty, though! For 1.95 it was a big hunk of soft, crumbly on the inside & firm on the outside spam with a firmly compressed rectangle of sticky rice slathered with a layer of brown sauce and wrapped with nori. I can see getting it to go on my way to a night shift at work, though I would need something light and refreshing to counter balance it. The thai iced tea was tasty, but not my favorite. It had a slightly grainy texture to it. My boba was good, with the tapioca at a good al dente texture. I thought I ordered lychee but it arrived as a thai tea. It was a good sized portion.All  in all, it was a decent meal and the prices are better than some of their competitors. I'm not totally infatuated with them, but I'm willing to try them again sometime.
4	If you're really hungry (and I mean REALLY hungry) at lunch time, and you want some Chinese Food... this is definitely the place to go!  The lunch specials are only $5.55 or $5.95, including a drink, and they give you so much food, I really don't see how anyone could finish all of it.The kung pao chicken is really tasty.  And I agree with the other reviewer that the Mongolian Beef has a lot of veggies, which is kinda weird, but it was still quite good to me.  There's so much of it, you could easily pick around the vegetables and still have plenty to eat.  And it's very spicy!Is it the most "authentic," high-quality Chinese food around?  Definitely not.  But for what it is, I think Golden China deserves 4 stars!
5	Better than p.f. changs cheaper than panda express...love this place... try to avoid the high school teens, around 3
4	Just good chinese takeout. Fresh, fast, yummy, not over-soyed or over sweetened.  Friendly people, fair pricing.  I actually woke dreaming of their brown gravy from the egg foo young. It was that good!  The Chinese  first place I've tried in Vegas that I've gone back to a second time!  And will continue to return!!!
5	This is a great chinese take-out im going back
3	Reminds me very much of China Go-Go. Not a bad thing; I eat in China Go-Go. Both have similar lunch specials served with the same noodles and egg drop soup, which seems to be China Go-Gos soup of the day the last 3 years. China Go-Go does not include a fountain drink.   I ate here for the first time today. The $5.55 lunch special serves a lot of food for the money. However my one complaint, the same one I have with China Go-Go, is that too much of the plate is taken up by the noodles. It would be better if they gave you a choice of a few dishes. Anyway I enjoyed the pepper steak and fried rice part of the dish. Plus I appreciated that a soda was included.   I will probably return if I am in the vicinity of the Flamingo at Sandhill Smith's plaza. When I do, I might try their NY style chow mein.
5	This far exceeds the other chinese place I had to eat a while back....For starters, when they say "one hour" wait for delivery, it means like 20 minutes.  Awesome.  I'm not a patient person.Otherwise their portions are amazing.  I ate leftovers for 3 days.  And cheap.  And amazing.  And so so so good.  *droool*So we got teriyaki chicken, black pepper beef, veggie chow mein, and combination fried rice.  Plus you get 2 sides of regular white rice.  The chicken was PERFECTLY tender with a light sear and they did not short you on the teriyaki sauce.  It was warm, and delicious, and flavorized your mouth so good.  so so so good.  *more drooling*  The black pepper beef was not over-spiced and it was tender.  Try it out.  You may like :)  Plus I always over-tip the delivery guy and he now remembers us and always brings us a special treat :)
3	I stopped here on my way home a few days ago and I was a bit disappointed. I was in a bit of a rush so after I ordered a sesame chicken entree to go I went next door for a minute to do some shopping and when I came back the lady called out an order of sesame beef and pointed at me.  I mentioned that I ordered chicken and it didn't seem like anything was going to be done about it, and I was in a hurry so I left. Bad mistake.  I don't think I had any beef in my container, it all tasted like whatever they coat it with. I've never ordered it before,well technically I didn't order it then either,  but  maybe that's how it's supposed to be.  Anyway the place has 3 stars because the 2 other times I've visited the food was good and very reasonably priced.
4	One of my favorite Chinese spots on the east side of town!  It's a lot like Rice and Noodle in the Southwest where I live and that is defiantely NOT a bad thing.  They use fresh and dried peppers in their entree's, which is a great touch, especially when they charge usually around $10 or less for their entree's.  They have boba and an extensive menu.  The staff is usually pretty accomodating even when we roll deep and have 15 of us show up minutes before closing time (we didn't realize it, we wouldn't be THAT mean).  They are very fast and the food is always fresh!  My favorites on the menu are the Chicken Lettuce Wraps and Salt and Pepper Shrimp.  Although I have tasted about half of the menu and it's all been GOOD!!!  Oh and if you get the chance try the lunch specials, they are definately worth it!  You won't be sorry =)
5	Since the offspring (Golden China II on Rancho) of this restaurant is so new that it's not even on Yelp yet, I will sing my praises here - same menu, same tastes, same hospitality, same delivery times - and all of them OUTSTANDING.  Their dishes (and I've had many) have never disappointed me.  They have always tasted authentic and tasty.  I even like the fact that their egg rolls are actually lumpia w/o the meat. (this was a nice surprise - as I don't normally eat egg rolls with their crispy thick bumpy wrap).  The portion sizes are unfreakinbeleiveably HUGE!  The leftovers truly do last me 3 days of lunch/dinner.  I've had both delivery and pick up and they average 20 min. delivery (lunch hour rush) and 10 min pickup - outstanding!I'm from Hawaii so when I saw spam musubi on the menu, you know I had to get some - and for a buck .95, are you kidding me?  Hello, I know Hawaiian joints in Vegas that charge 2-3x that amount - and that's at the Kama'aina rates!  So I've covered the following:Taste:  AAuthenticity: APortion Size: ADelivery Time: APickup Time: AExtra Surprises (Lumpia-ish/Spam Musubi Hometown Faves)But the best thing about this place - which would make this Golden China a Platinum in my book - are the PRICES!!!Nowhere in town can beat these prices for the amount of food you get, in addition to the hospitality, onofactor, etc.Hands Down - This place so TOTALLY rocks!  I hope they survive the economy.
5	Way better than any of the other Chinese food places around. The best I have had in Vegas so far!I actually thought Vegas simply can not do Chinese food, so I was surprised when I found a place that does it right, like the Chinese I used to get from Socal.I should probably be giving 4 stars because the ordering process was a pain. It took me 10 minutes because the girl on the other line simply could not understand me. I had to go over every little letter my my address several times. The credit card part was even worse!
3	Another day, another Chinese restaurant.  God, I hate my life.Orange chicken lunch special.  Judging by the time it took to make it (not long at all), I had already decided in my mind that the food would be average at best.  Yay for lowered expectations!  To tell you the truth, after awhile all these places start to taste the same anyway (that's food racist...I know), but for $6 for a full meal (entree, soup and drink), I'd be a fool to complain otherwise.
3	Stopped for lunch, was very plentiful. Spicy is spicy, the eggdrop soup is just soso
3	I have been craving Egg Foo Young forever and after reading the reviews on Golden China on Flamingo, decided to give them a try.  We wanted to have the food delivered so I gave them a call....the order process was very easy...my order was easily understood, repeated back to me as well as my address and after giving the girl my debit card #, concluded quickly.  She quoted my price and said the food would be arriving in about 45 minutes from the time of our call...Well, 20 minutes later and there he was.  Excellent delivery time in my opinion...We ordered 2 lunch specials, orange chicken and the cashew chicken both for $5.55 and an order of my egg foo young (veggie) for $7;95.  The lunch specials were packed with food....I only tried a few bites of the cashew chicken but I must say that the chicken itself was very tasty...my only problem with that dish was the cashews themselves...they seemed "stale"....The rice and chow mein was plentiful...maybe a little bit more than you'd get at Panda Express.  I did not try the Orange Chicken, but my brother in law said it was "ok" but he liked Panda better.The coveted Egg Foo Young was good but extremely "thick" which dropped down my rating from 4 stars to 3....The portions were huge, the taste was good but the thickness of the pattie was just too much.  Gravy that accompanied was put on the side, not on the pattie itself and that was appreciated.  I like being able to put on the amount I want..not the amount the restaurant thinks I should have.  I have to say, it was quite good. Will we order from them again?  I don't know quite frankly.  We have a Panda right across the street that has better Orange Chicken and gives the same portions of rice/noodles...but they don't serve the Egg Foo Young...so it's a toss up.....but if you want a lot of food for your money and want "decent" Chinese food, this is a good place to go.
1	Well... Last week on 8/1 this place was closed by the Health Department for failing to keep up on their pest control. Ok, I can deal with that. Perhaps they missed a spray. They're next to a pretty shitty Capriotti's and a ghetto Dollar Store, so, unless they're all sprayed at once, the cucarachas will just run around between the stores. The owner apologized to me and said they should be opened again on Friday. I'm willing to overlook something minor, since I've never seen an insect in the store since it opened.On 8/3, the Health Department came by again, and put a different red notice on the door, basically implying that now it was classified as an infestation, and they were closed due to multiple repeat infractions.8/6, Channel 13 was there with their video cameras and microphones, in what I assume was a segment of Dirty Restaurants or something along those lines.I'm not sure the owners are going to be able to recover from something as damaging as this. When I've been at the LVAC in the complex here for the past week, I've been seeing people walking up, reading the notice, and hauling ass away.It's a shame, because they were really nice, and the food definitely was not bad quality for the price they charged. Oh well, restaurants come and go in Vegas...
1	Well, this place reopened on 8/14 with an A grade from the Health Department. Personally, I'm willing to give them another try, since I've never once seen any insect in their establishment, but I'm concerned that the surrounding community may not be very forgiving of them. Here's hoping for the best.Edit: I take that back... I watched the KTNV report, which actually outlined the many other problems that the restaurant was experiencing, such as improper storage of chicken and storing food in trash bins... Guess I'll go to the other affordable Chinese place up the street, when I'm in this neighborhood.
4	Living on the "wrong side of town", it can be hard to find a place to eat that's not cockroach infested in 20 years old dilapidated building. However, I gave Golden China a shot and I was happily surprised. The portion sizes are really great and the food always arrives hot and fresh. The egg drop soup is absolutely delicious. I would highly recommend this place to everyone in the area. They've found a regular customer in me.
4	well what do you have to lose when youre trying new eateries, just money right? well, worse case scenario, not coming back. am I not right?anywho, I decided to give this establishment a shot. I wasnt feeling well and wanted something hot and spicy to go (well without waiting too long and I was burnt out on the 'merican fast food). I was a bit shocked to see pad thai on their menu. for me, thats a no brainer, must get type of meal. It didnt look like what im used to (fatter noodles were used vs skinny *which im used to*). However it met my taste as far as spiciness and overall flavor. The portion was great. Not gettin ripped off on "heres a spoonful of your entree" type of meals. The whole to go box was pad thai. Also, I ordered the war won ton soup. again, im surprised by the portion size. Then again, Im not gonna complain. The soup was what I was looking for. Yeah, its not panda express, but this place has my business. plus: portion size and pricenegative: none thus far.
1	I use to eat here all the time. At first the food was great, I would call up and it would be a big order and they would tell me 30-45 minutes which is pretty standard. After some time though my orders wouldn't change the time it would take to come pick up my food became less and less. Down from 30-45 minutes to 10 minutes. The food quality went down and it didn't taste fresh anymore, I even thought that the flavors and quality were so poor I would compare it to microwaved Chinese food. The last time we went there was probably about a month before the news came out about their sanitary conditions. We ordered some Hong Kong style noodles, chicken wings, and hunan beef. It was all delivered fairly quickly, but it was disgusting. We didn't even bother finishng our food, not even one dish was half eaten. The hunan is supposed to be crunchy (which we get delivery often and it is at least slighty crunchy), but this time it was soggy and greasy. The noodles were greasy and the sauce was sub par. Now the nasty... My girlfriend got the chicken wings they were dry, old tasting, and multiple pieces of the chicken had holes. Now when I say holes I don't mean maybe they poked a hole to inject flavor or the skin got burned off, more so it looked like the skin rotted or it was a mistreated low quality chicken. It was just so unappetizing that was the last time we ever ate there. I do not recommend this place. I've gone in before and a server was eating her lunch at a table from a food pan. One word to describe this place prior to be exposed is unsanitary. I haven't returned after they got a good grade, because my experience with them was disgusting. It sucks cause I really use to love this place.
3	Only good dish is Singapore noodle.
5	This is by far one of the best Chinese food in town! Lunch special are perfect cheap $ 5..95 and a lot  to choose from. The place is nice and clean. I went with the hot garlic chicken meal. Oh not  to mention it comes with a drink too! The portions are huge, enough for left overs but it was so good I finished it all. I will be back deff to try other dishes. im glad I found this spot.
5	This place never disappoints me! It's conveniently down the street from me and I always order takeout when I'm feeling lazy, ha!They have great prices and delicious food, I always order the Family Meals with my spam musubi on the side, I'm obsessed with their noodles! Delivery takes about 30-45 minutes though, but it is expected since they are whipping up your food.Their slush bobas are delicious as well, the tapioca balls are always perfect, I always have the bad luck of getting hard balls. It's hard to find good chinese joints but this one is at the top of my list!
3	Conveniently located doors down from LVAC. Finished working out and wanted to dine out so stopped in to try this place out. I had the chicken and broccoli with some extra chicken. It was pretty good, would of liked it just a little more flavorful. I will be back to try something different.
4	Try their New York Egg Roll, it is fantastic!
3	Tastes like an average Americanized chinese fast food place, chow mein nd fried rice are nothing special but don't have the Chinese flavor I was looking for, the kung pao shrimp nd chicken are heavy on the sauce nd tastes overly of fish sauce. It does seen like all the flavor is only in the sauce nd everything else is bland. I liked the crab rangoon, it actually tasted good. Next time I might just order those. Sorry to say but I don't want to try anything else again.
5	this place has very good food,they had best new york  egg roll in the town.it is very tastes like back to eastcoast,the lunch special only $5.95 with free soda.
4	Just finished our take out- ordered on line and was ready when we got there.  Food was great!  Ordered the family meal B and there was plenty of food.  Have been looking for a good Chinese take out, this is it!  Will go back soon.
2	They forgot my spam musubi =( i guess i don't get one even though i payed for it..i got "put in the system") lets see if it get lost in the sea of lost...along with my chopsticks and spoon..lol i ordered soup, teriyaki bowl, and 2 musubi ..my girl loved her musubi.. all i got was soup... i would give this place a 4 if they would have gotten things right...
4	Best Chinese in Las Vegas? Worth a drive across the valley? Probably not.Great neighborhood place when you don't feel like driving too far, DEFINITELY.I live just around the corner from Golden China.  (Which yes, means I live just around the corner from Beijing Noodle which I don't like as much)  This is my go to Chinese place.  Pros:  Portions are good, always have leftovers.  Prices are very reasonable.  Service is fast.  Their dishes actually have meat in them, not just filler.  They have some menu items that aren't found everywhere else.  Cons:  They do sometimes get the orders wrong, so I always check before I leave the restaurant.  Delivery takes a LONG time, even though I live less than a mile away.  Absolutely no ambiance, so don't plan to eat here...Definitely order:NY Style Egg RollsCorn Egg Flower SoupWor Wonton Soup (packed with veggies, meat and wontons)Chinese Eggplant with TofuSesame BeefHK Style Crispy Noodle Taiwanese Mei FunTheir lunch and dinner specials are great and they normally allow substitutions.Don't order their Pot Stickers (very thick "skin"), Chow Mein Noodles (very thick and chewy), Pad Thai (overly sweet), and some of their beef dishes have a weird texture...
5	If your looking for get Chinese food this is the place prices are great and portions are big enough for leftovers and food is hot and tasty Give it a try you'll be glad you did.
5	We were searching for Chinese Takeout which can be a big task to take on here is Las Vegas. I jumped on HubGrub because I was already in my pajamas and Golden China had great reviews and a wide selection. There was no Delivery Minimum which I love and only a $2 delivery charge.We ended up ordering Hot and Sour Soup, egg rolls, crab Rangoon, Kung Pao Chicken, General Tso's chicken, and combination fried rice. The App said it would 45-50 minutes and they were right on time. The guy actually came running to the door. Nice guy.If you have read any of my reviews on Vegas Chinese Food, you know how I feel and all the risk I am taking with trying a new place. But I was pleasantly surprised.The portions were HUGE, everything was tasty and cooked just right. I would recommend this place to everyone who enjoys tasty Chinese take out.
2	Okay I'm only updating cause we tried again new things and same results, meat is cheap and not good. Only recommend the Singapore noodle.
5	Ill Definitely be back. . . A couple times a week. Haha  My first time here and I already know I'm going to eat here more often. I had just finished eating at Capriotti's next door. When I noticed that they had won tons, so I stopped by and got something. I couldn't help myself but read their huge menu on the wall. They have a huge selection. The highlight of it all, was they have BOBA! I live for Boba.My friend got their Shrimp Pad Thai. We got it to go. While we were waiting for the food, we found out they delivered and we live close. So that was a plus. When the food was ready we couldn't help ourselves but taste it. We finished it. As well as the wontons. Keep in mind we had just finished eating at Capriotti's. I also had to get another Boba to go.To sum it all up, we found out new hotspot.
4	We were genuinely hesitant going here. Some of the recent reviews were bad. Our experience was very good. We started with the rangoons, they were good. We had the sweet and sour chicken and the broccoli chicken for dinner, which were very fresh and tasty. We only order dishes with white meat, so I don't know what the others are like. We also tried the New York style egg roll, it was just ok, maybe a little greasy. Overall we would go back.
5	Try try try their Singapore rice noodles! Best ones I had soo far! Worth the price just look at the meal portions it's a 2 for 1
5	I enjoy their well priced lunch specials. They are one of the few restaurants that provide a drink with your meal, while also providing quality large portions. I often order their House Special Chicken Lunch Special, and have never been disappointed. Fast and courteous service. I've called my order in often, and they are always on time. It is my preferred Chinese lunch spot on the East Side of Vegas, better than Panda Express down the street, in my opinion.
5	First time ordering from here and the food was great! The price was under 25 and the delivery guy was fast very polite. The family meal said five people..amazing.
5	Got me at the last min these people are the best thanks so much!!!!!!!I will be back forsure and will be telling the friends when they come over to visit...thanks again so much and keep up the good work
4	We ordered delivery. Food was hot and fresh. I had the combination Kung pao , also we ordered lemon chicken, the chicken was pretty dry. My wife got the sesame chicken which was great. Overall except for the dry lemon chicken the food was good
4	Decently sized portions. No taste enhancers, thank goodness, clean simple soups and the New York Egg Roll is pretty darn amazing. More than I expected. Pricing is good for the food and area. Will come back for the wanton soup again and again.
2	Not the absolute worst but the absolute closest Chinese restaurant that delivers to my house.  Good for a quick bind.  The food is hit & miss at best.  Some days the spicy is super spicy!  Other days it's like, "honey wheres the Siracha?"  The soups are alright.  Prices for family meals are 23.99 and 26.99.  So they have steadily gone up over the 4 years I've patronized them.  This is mostly the reason they are not a 3 star review.  Everyone likes the house Chicken and the Spicy Garlic Shrimp.  Fried rice, tempuras and appetizers are standard at best.  The beef and all other shrimp dishes are expectedly uninspiring.When you walk in, the servers stand at the counter with a glazed starry eyed day dream look sometimes.  Or they are screaming Cantonese at the cooks before you make your order.  Not the friendliest unless you order a family meal.  The strange service continues if you just order a discounted lunch or dinner meal, lol.  If there were a more authentic restaurant that could serve as quick I would go there.  Yet when in a pinch Golden China delivers, literally.
