5	this is the best nail shop in town! ive been going to this shop for 3 years. the prices are extremely low for the quality. i feel like i get ripped off anywhere else i go.
5	I have to agree with comment below ... I LOVE THIS PLACE nice good nails and last a while. I have been coming here for over 15 years and even thou I live so far I still come here. They do the nails by taking there time I seriously can go a month and half with a full set. It's good quality and they do a great job plus they love kids and do my daughters names too. I love it wouldn't go anywhere else. ALSO there gel nails can last me 2 months plus looooooove it!!
5	Best nail place! I been coming here for over 10 years now! It feels like home!! Great job'! Moderate price! I come and it relaxes me! Their pedi and massage chairs are the best! I truly recommend it! They are very nice! And the work is amazing! I trust them! You won't regret it!
1	The absolute worst nail experience I have ever had !!! I went for a gel manicure and a pedicure.  Mimi was not pleasant nor friendly, never smiled, no personality.  Then the tools were not sterilized ! And there was no cleaning of my feet with any nice abrasive scrub.  I actually have to go home and work on my feet with my own products and tools.  She finished with a very quick polish and then started my manicure .  I noticed there was polish all around the skin of my toes .  Very sloppy ! Of course I asked her to clean it up which she did .  Then the manicure .  I had a tear in my nail . Usually don't they just repair it . Not Mimi .  She was ready to polish right over it .  So I asked before she polishes if she would repair the nail .  She said if you want perfect nails get acrylics ! Miss personality ! I picked a color based on their selections .  Well another horrible experience ! The color looks nothing like the chart she shows you ! My nails are almost black.  She said the sample was only one coat ! Ha ! Even with one coat it was nothing like the color on my nails. Then she asked if I wanted to start over with a new color .  By this time all I wanted was this experience to be over .  Now I have almost black nails with bubbles .  She didn't even use any moisturizer on my hands when she finished the manicure .  The salon and Mimi are a mess.  I can't imagine why anyone would ever be a return customer .  The salon wasn't busy either .  Lesson learned .  I'll never return and you shouldn't waste your time or money going there either !
