5	Hands down the best specialty toy shop in the Phoenix area! I have been a loyal customer of Toy Anxiety since they were Empire of Toys on 12th street. Each time I walk in, I'm instantly transported back to my childhood and amazed at the variety and selection of new/vintage action figures,prop replicas and many other items I could only dream of as a kid. The staff is friendly and knowledgeable of the products available in the shop and I have often been stuck in many nerd conversations while visiting. If you're a serious or beginning collector, want some toys for your kids (the dollar bins are always ravaged by happy kids), or just want a blast from the past, Toy Anxiety is a place you want to check out if you haven't already.
5	I found this place one day while waiting for my food at Dragon Palace.  I am not the nerdy toy buff and collector type, but this place is fun.  Lots of fine new and vintage toys starting at $1.00.I was able to find some great Star Wars toys for my son as well as some classics including The Beatles Yellow Submarine.  In addition, plenty of Marvel and DC Comic based items.The store is open from 11:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m. Wednesday through Saturday.  It can be a challenge to find open.The staff is helpful and knowledgeable.  From my experience the customers are truly originals!  My first time in the store an Elvis impersonator told my four year old that he is pushy and rude.  I will leave it at that..........Some of the toys are from McDonald's/Burger King which is a good thing.  I would rather get my son the toy here than go to the fast food h*ll and pay double to have some unedible food type items in a card board box.If you are around the area, check it out.  Even if you are not into toys, this place will likely bring up some position memories of yesterday.
4	I was in Phoenix last weekend for the first time in 12 years. I remember visiting an amazing toy shop called Empire of Toys...after doing some research I ended up finding them to have changed names to Toy Anxiety. Toy Anxiety is a great collectible toy store with hard to find new and old toys from Star Wars, Gi Joes, Marvel and super hero toys etc. I being a huge star wars toy collector was quite impressed with the selection of vintage figures and accessories the store had. It was also nice to see fairly reasonably priced items on many toys that are not so common to see these days. I thought Toy Anxiety could have had a little better selection of newer Star Wars figures and been more negotiable with the prices. Overall I would def visit again next time in the Phoenix area. 90/100 Duke it!
5	When most people think "toy store"  the first thing that comes to mind is Toys 'R Us, or something similar.  If you are like me, and lucky enough to have visited Toy Anxiety, it is surely the new standard for toy stores.  The place is packed full of toys; old, new, pre-loved, collectible, classic...you name it and they have it.  When you enter the stores' jam packed full of toys location, you can't help but be overwhelmed.  After orienting yourself with the layout and "zones" it turns in to a real life treasure hunt.  There is something for everyone here. One of the things I love most about this place; There are a few plastic chests of drawers full of $1 toys, the perfect distraction for a toddler that would otherwise be tearing apart originally packaged, extremely expensive action figures or "riding" an AT-AT, thus allowing the adults to enjoy Toy Anxiety to the fullest.
4	This is not a toy store for children.  This is a toy store for grown men who collect small, plastic figurines (yes, I said figurines) molded to resemble characters from their favorite movies and TV shows. This may sound odd to some of you but believe me there are more of them out there than you think. If the toys are new, they may claim that they are an investment and that they will be valuable someday; if old they say they want something that they loved as a child to be passed on to their own children for that sense of nostalgia.  Either way, all lovers of toys and action figures will be well satisfied by this place.Their selection of comic book based figures was fairly limited but they did have some of the more obscure characters so that was nice.  Lots of "Star Wars" of course but I was surprised no Lego versions.  They had some "Pirates of the Caribbean", "Lord of the Rings" and "Harry Potter" stuff that was pretty cool.  Also TV shows like "Battlestar Galactica" and "Buffy".  I got a cool zombie toy based on the AMC's show "The Walking Dead".  They even had "retro" toys from "Terminator" and "Back To The Future".  Awesome!!!They did have some truly collectable pieces behind the counter for the big bucks but I am not into that at all.  Most of their items were very reasonably priced.  They even had used toys in bargain bins.  I got a ziplock bag full of dinosaurs for my nephews for just a dollar.  You can't beat that.  They did have gift cards available so that was a big plus, too!
5	Still miss the old name but still best toy store in the state
5	This place has a very expansive and cool eclectic collection of toys/figures/playsets/related memorabilia. Priced reasonably and all in good shape. The staff is friendly, helpful and knowledgable. I have gone to many toy shops in Oklahoma ( from there was just visiting the Phoenix area) and none of them can hold a candle to what this shop offers in all of the areas of available stock, customer service and price range. If you are a toy collector, you definitely need to visit this shop if you are in the area.
5	This place is awesome. Just bought a loose super powers darkseid. Will def be back for more. Lots of loose figures. Great prices and friendly staff.
5	Such a great place! Toy Anxiety has a big selection of new and old, well priced, rare and cool toys!  Staff was nice and friendly which makes a world of a difference!  I will definitely be going back for more....Thanks Toy Anxiety!
5	Awesome store! My best friend loves Star Wars and loved this store. Lots of Star Wars collection!! Staff was very friendly and helpful. I will be back again soon!
5	This store is so cool. Every turn and glance I took, there was something from my childhood that brought back some fun memories. What makes this store even better is that it's so so so organized and the staff is super friendly. Definitely looking forward to checking out new inventory when I visit AZ again.
