5	Remember the Seinfeld episode where Jerry takes his car to the mechanic who is fanatical about the car, thinks Jerry ain't doing a good job, and kidnaps the car from Jerry?  Welcome Sean of wood and laminate flooring installs...THIS is a guy you want installing your floor.  Some contractors are really owners who do the bids, and the day the real work is starting, you get some young hires at the door (not that they aren't qualified).  Sean is an owner operated biz, and he talks about floors like they are living and breathing organisms... "acclimating"... "resting"...He lets you order the floors thru his wholesaler (went w/ Consumer Reports top rated Armstrong laminate), and since I paid the company direct, I bought at cost which was definitely cheaper than the retail (I shopped retail first, narrowed my choices, so I knew what I wanted by the time I went to the wholesaler's showroom).  He also accommodated my budget conscientiousness (to put it nicely), allowing me to buy my own baseboards and paint before he installed.But let's talk about dedication... Sean really wants the floors to be installed right.  When we noticed a flex in the floor b/c of different levels of concrete where the 2 seams meet, I left him in the house in the morning for a quick tear down job and lay in some filler to remove the flex.  Come lunch time swing by the house to drop off my first Costco groceries for the new place, Sean is still there... he took it upon himself to GRIND DOWN the concrete, causing him several hours of addtl work.  He just wanted to floors to not flex and using filler wasn't working.  Later he calls me and chides me about the temp of the house, and how it's drying out my floors... fanatical devtion I tell you... and I mean it in a very complimentary way.  You want a contractor who loves what they do and does what they do well.  I have full confidence Sean stands by his work, he's been over several times working around other contractors and we've had several discussions re: any concerns (or maybe his concerns...haha).  He was recommended to me by a flooring company whose installers were couple x what he charges, so the nice mgr whispered she'll email me a contact on the side who she has referred alot of biz to... I'm glad she did.
5	Sean is a knowledgeable, friendly, and very experienced floor installer.   Whereas sitting in front of the Home depot salesperson was exhausting and i felt like i was being told everything i was going to have to SPEND on, calling Sean was a welcome relief.  He was telling me everything I could SAVE on and educating me much more at the same time.  But don't get me wrong, the only corners he cuts are the floors themselves.  In fact i got much better quality flooring and a better clearly experienced install, yet saved hundreds of dollars overall.In the end the install (laminate) was flawless, and he estimated the overage perfectly (much less than HD quoted), again saving me some serious money.  One more point here: he is someone you can trust in your house.  i left him a key to do the work since I was going to be out of town during the install, and had no qualms about doing so.I will be hiring him again once i save up to do the next part of the house.
5	If you want hardwood flooring in your house the search is over! Sean Ryan is your guy! This man is a professional, he knows how to do the job right! Let's face it if you are spending a bunch of money for beautiful hardwood floors you want the job done right! Not only is he amazing at what he does his prices beat out his competitors! Yep it doesn't get any better than this! My home was a new built with all the standard contractors special flooring Sean and Sebastian worked day and night demo-ing out 2000 square feet of tile and laying the most beautiful hardwood floor you have ever seen! I couldn't be happier! I will definitely be using Tumbleweed on my next flooring project.
5	We completed a major remodel on our house in 2012 and I hired more than fifteen contractors to do work. Sean's work installing our floors tied for first place. I cannot recommend him highly enough! If you know a lot about construction, you'll appreciate his attention to detail and his willingness to customize/accommodate any situation. If you don't care much about the details of the work, you might have to tell him that from the get-go, as he's very detail-oriented and can take quite some time in going over things with you. I'd definitely rather have someone who is overly thorough than the alternative, right? For me, a perfectionist, Sean is just the ticket.He and his assistant are very professional and courteous, and also friendly and personable. I had no worries having them in my home. They even helped me roll our 350lb commercial range across the new floors. He moved his truck willingly when I was coming or going. And when our floor contracted (shrunk) more than expected after 6 months of installation, Sean returned to make complimentary adjustments. I highly recommend hiring Sean. I would do it again in a heartbeat.[The only other thing I learned from hiring so many contractors is that I need to ask them all to smoke in their car or in the street. I'm a little sensitive about cigarettes, and most contractors smoke these days, so that's just a tip from me to you (if you're interested). Just say it at the beginning when you hire them and get it over with! No more cigarette butts in your driveway or your landscaping!]
5	We decided it was time to get our old carpet out of the house and upgrade to wood laminate.  Searched all over the place for a good deal and found some reviews of Sean on Yelp.  Called him and he gave a very reasonable estimate for installation which included many of the things the big companies charge extra for. He doesn't care where you buy the materials, but will hook you up with his wholesaler if you choose (we did). Installation was very smooth and the floors look awesome.  We had a corner of one of the boards come up a tad due to the type of material we used, Sean came out and tried to fix it by cutting the board out, but when HE realized it wouldn't be to his standards he came back with Sebastian was took part of the floor apart and put it back together again.  In short, Sean gives great prices, great work, and even better follow-up. In my experience he is booking fast, so call them soon!
5	Sean seemed knowledgeable and did a nice job on the floor for a reasonable price.
5	Sean did a fantastic job putting new flooring in our home. He was reasonably priced, had a fast turnaround and was helpful throughout the process.
5	I cannot say enough about Sean Ryan! We started in on a second round of renovations on our home a few months back. Of course I had a million people come out and bid me on all different things. It's tough trying to weed through who is going to do the best job, but the first time I spoke to Sean, I knew, this guy's the real deal! He was so patient and informative, not to mention his pricing is competitive. And when the job started, he was professionalism at it's best, start to finish. He and his team were always on time, always cleaned up after themselves and were very friendly. The job was done on time, and my floors look AMAZING! This is the second home I have renovated. I have dealt with many different contractors and workers. There is no doubt that not all are created equal. We all know that renovating is not only financially taxing but also emotionally. It is so refreshing hiring someone who treats you and your home with kindness and respect. Do yourself a favor, hire Tumbleweed Custom Wood Flooring. You will be glad you did!
