5	Rafael, who owns the place, is a really  sincere, excellent barber with over 15 years experience, and it's the only real Barbershop I could find open on a Sunday :)Baseline Barbershop doesn't look like much from the outside...it's next to an auto repair place, it has a few empty chairs inside, and it has advertisements in the window for buying and selling gold....I hesitantly went in on a Sunday afternoon :)I'm pretty picky about barbers because I went to a really good one in Boston for a year, and I've tried to find a good barber ever since.  I was really surprised that I got one of the best haircuts I've gotten in a long time.  Great barber.  The cut was quick but done with care.  A haircut is just $10.  Come support this barbershop because it's definitely one of the best around here!
5	Its called ALL PRO BARBER SHOP now. Waited 30 mins with 2 people ahead of me..it was worth the wait.
5	Tried this barber out for the 1st time today. Needed a new barber shop as the one I've been going to for a few years got some tired young guys who you could tell really didn't want to be there. This place was really good. They have 4 chairs and all the barbers working did a really efficient and good job. I really don't need or want a "stylist" or any other frills. If you're looking for a good barber these guys get the job done. The name is now All Pro Barbers
4	Friendly staff and most importantly a good hair cut!
5	This is not your super fancy place with nice or cute looking stuff.this a clean and neat men's barbershop. I almost forgot that men can go to a real barber not those run by box stores with same name and mostly women. Seriously if you want to experience a serious haircut come here and get a cut and then u know why I rated 5. Lets try to preserve this traditional barber !!!!!!
1	Wouldn't recommend
5	Just had my 1st experience with Josh, one of the owners. GREAT haircut! This is not a fancy cute salon, it's. BARBERSHOP!
5	Took my 16  yr old son for a haircut it was his first experience. Rhonn took the time even tho they were already closed, great haircut, very detailed and  clean. my son loved it we are definitely going back again.
1	I use to go here once or twice a month, not bad. At first it was promising. My dad recommended them for me because he liked them. As I continued to go it just felt as of I was wasting their time. I would come in, wait and a barber would get done with a hair cut, clean up and go to the back for awhile(A good 5-10 minutes). Than come back & with this FML attitude, say they were ready.  Just made me feel like I ruined their day. But everyone has bad days, so I gave them a chance and continued to go. Even recommended them to my grandfather. He tells me the next week that they butchered him. But I just figured he was a grouchy old man. About a week later my father tells me he went to get a hair cut.  He said he was waiting with 2 other men. There was 2 barbers working at the time. They got done with 2 haircuts and went to the back. My father told me he waited with the other customers for 45 minutes, just him and the 2 others waiting, before he and the 2 other men decided to leave.  After hearing that, I was done. That's just horrible customer service. That being the last straw, I will not go back.
2	As soon as I walked in, one of the two barbers working walked out the back door. Overheard the other barber talking about how their other employee was too drunk to show up. Place is cluttered with lawn furniture. I was referred by a friend of which I will likely unfriend due to this place pissing me off. I walked out after the dude was taking his sweet ass time.
1	Showed up at 315 pm. Open sign on, says open till 4. Nobody in side getting cut. Locked door, two guys inside talking and looked at me and just ignored me. Very unprofessional.
