4	This place threw me off... with their single yellow arch that stretched onto the street. Somehow in my second hand smoke induced state, I found the single arch humorous. Ended up satisfying my craving for fries at a normal decent price. Also, this location sells SPICY McChickens! Mmmm... I haven't seen that in California! Also carries Cherry Pies too!
1	I used to despise McDonald's. The service was slow, the employees were rude, and worst of all, the food was greasy and incredibly unhealthy. Over time, McDonald's built up their image, introduced some healthy menu items, and slowly regained my interest.Walking down the strip, I was craving some affordable food. (Whoever said Vegas had cheap food must have lost their mind.) The arch bursting forth onto the sidewalk not only grabbed my interest, but made me incredibly excited to get a salad.When I walked in, the place was a lot of smaller than I would have expected, but there was only one person in front of me, so I figured it wouldn't matter since there wasn't a crowd. I placed my order and stood off to the side. The salads are usually made at the beginning of the day, and it takes less than a minute to grab the salad, the dressing, and plastic-ware. However it took over 20 minutes to get the damn thing. Not only that, but they tried giving me the wrong salad several times, then told me they were out of the dressing I requested, then blamed it on someone in the back kitchen. Really though, I'd rather overpay at one of the nicer casinos. Skip this place.
3	I am in line for a Sausage McMuffin with Egg.  There are two lines and they are  at least 20 people deep. I am at the end.  This will take at least a half an hour. I talk to a woman in line who is from Georgia.  This is her first time in Vegas.  She tells me the trip was relatively affordable because they are splitting the cost of the room with her boss and friend. I ask her how she likes Vegas so far and she says she loves the artwork and all of the sculptures. I think an elitist might snicker at that, laugh at the fact that someone thinks they are viewing culture in such a material saturated town. She thinks what she sees are cultural artifacts and she is correct. This is America and this is where America comes to let loose, lose money and gawk at the lifestyles of the more fortunate in regards to both wealth and looks. I take my tiny bag and Diet Coke and sit at the counter alone. I eat my sandwich and wish I would have ordered a hash brown. I look out the window and see mainly elderly people have coffee and breakfast. I see some girls sitting at a table and they are all looking at their phones the others go inside to order and one stays behind looking through her LV purse for reasons none other than the fact she is uncomfortable sitting alone even for a few minutes. I throw my bag in the trash, walk out the door and choose the stairs over the escalator and think about the gondolas in The Venetian, the clouds on the ceiling and how the lights and mural make you feel like your outside when in fact you are in a mall similar to the ones you'd find in your own home town minus the opera singing actors and hyper-sexualized ads at every turn.
5	only went there after 4am and the was ridulous! thats wassup!
4	After a good night at the club me and my friends wanted to grab some grub before we knocked out for the next day. We went to club Pure that night so what did we see across the street? A huge ass M which meant food so we were there. So i guess it's a 24 hour McDonalds and i would honestly hate to work there because you are guaranteed to get drunk people every night. One of the employee's job was to make sure no one brought alcoholic drinks inside the restaurant which i have to say sucks. It was around 2:30am and the lines were pretty long. I guess everyone had the same idea as we did. It took kind of long since some of the drunk people in front of us could hardly function, but it was understandable. Annoying, but understandable. So i finally ordered my food and had a wait for a while because they were busy. Since we were staying at Treasure Island we figured we could just walk down that way and cross there. Apparently i was too drunk to realize and totally forgot that you can only cross at the Harrahs, or all the way down at the Encore. So we headed toward the Encore and we had to back track a couple of blocks. We could have just gone back to the Harrahs and crossed and save about 10-15 mins..but whatevs... Anyways, it was clean, legit, and you get to take an escalator to get to the restaurant. How fun when you are drunk!
1	just cause it's right here on the main strip, doesn't mean that the service is better. try getting your food in 10 minutes from the time of your order.
5	"Can't believe I'm rating a fast food joint..."This review is for rating McDonalds only!I'm not positive why California McDonalds cannot be like this one.  I'm not sure if it's like all of this throughout Las Vegas, but this is one sure delicious McDonalds.  This is because one item on there dollar menu.  I do not care this is fast food!  I live off this for the whole Halloween weekend.  This and cranberry and pomegranate juice.No need for fancy buffets, when the Hot N Spicy comes as a luxury because it's not served in California.  Yes, they actually use the word spicy correct in a restaurant.  Because this sandwich did have a kick to it.  Here in the states, usually when it says spicy - the word spicy usually means American spicy.  American spicy is like a Asian person's mild.  This had an Asian kick of mild/spicy.Now lets talk about the crisp.  The crisp of this sandwich was definitely there.  Every single bite, was a crunch, crunch, and crunch.  Hot steamy buns, tossed with some mayo and lettuce and I was set.  This was just goodness coming out of fast food.If you like the McChicken, and you like spice... This is the perfect sandwich for you.  No need to go home and add saracha.  You will get the spice built into the batter. Just chomp chomp and chomp.  And be satisfied.
4	joseph tang kept bugging me about having to get spicy mcchickens at this mcdonalds......so we finally got around to it at 3am and shared a spicy mcchicken (i guess they dont have these in california...) anyway they're good and cheap.we later came back for fries. (after we hit up del taco) yes we like our fast food and yes we are fat. this is a pretty solid establishment i'd say.
5	FIVE STARS, THREE WORDS:HOT N SPICY!The only reason we came here was in search of the holy grail McChicken, the Hot N Spicy. We heard about it from some randoms, and we had never heard of it so went to check it out. It was tucked away in a corner, so it was never packed, always clean and had quick service. Why do they not have these in California? I'll never know, but I'll definitely hit this spot back up for late night drunken eats!
1	Yes, we stopped here to grab a late-night burger.  The group didn't feel like shelling out tons of dough for a proper restaurant meal when we just wanted a snack.  It just wasn't the cleanest and most pleasant of places to sit and eat.  You have been forewarned:  all sorts of odd-looking customers run in and out of this McDonald's.
5	'only in vegas" was what i said to stacy's mom in car next to us when she asked 'bout our 50pc mcnuggets happy meal lookalike box.they're 24/7. and this definitely beats those after hours steak and eggs. maybe?and only in vegas where manager treats their nuggets like gold. he yelled at his cashier when she didnt answer his repeated question "is this theirs? hey is it really theirs?" yes i did remind him
1	I'm a fan of McDonald's... this particular one, however, not so much.  We waited in a long line around 9pm just to deal with not-so-friendly service.  I have to get honey with my chicken nuggets and according to the staff, they don't have it.  They were also "sold out" of milkshakes.  Have you ever heard of a McD's selling out of milkshakes?  Think not.  The soda/condiment area was dirty, so much that I almost skipped the ketchup.  We sat outside on the patio, even though it was a bit chilly, to avoid the odd stench inside.  This is the worst McD's I've ever been in.. and that's a big feat.
2	It was okay customer service, and in a way I can;t believe I went here....Mc Donald's always somewhere where you can expect the usual prices, but the crowd was uncomforting to be around....felt like I was in a mix of a social security office in the poverty back when my family was struggling between advertising/dealing on the streets with flyers..but maybe I;m just being unkind, which I guess I am. At least the drinks were okay.....The thing hated most, the cheese! What the heck kind of cheese was this man? Government artificial cheese? Highly dissatisfied, made the whole burger unexceptional and sad on McDonald's management and Vegas part.
3	Pros: Spicy McChicken $1. Really good. A specialty late night snack on the strip. Fast service.Cons: Very dirty. Tons of bums. Line can go down the stairs on some nights. They run out of certain foods. Machines break down.What else do you expect in the middle of the strip?
1	Horrible, horrible service. The cashier who rung in me and my parents was Amanda, and she honestly acted like she was doing me and my family the biggest favor by taking our order. I'm asked her to make my egg mcmuffin without the egg yolk (which is something i have done whenever I order an egg mcmuffin) and she first asked me what an egg yolk was (i explained the yellow thing in the center) and then she said there was no way she could do that. That's a blatant lie. Everytime I order this I don't eat the egg yolk. I was extremely frustrated, and then she told me she asked her manager who also said that could be done. Needless to say we left, and we're never coming back.
5	50 piece nuggets for $9.99 and $0.50 cones?!Only in Vegas! This is the perfect greasy food for your hangover cure!
5	This place was an oasis. A mirage that turned out to be real. We walked for what seemed like hours in the blistering Vegas wind. Trudging slowly, like two novice drinkers, deprived of water weight and nourishment. Once we arrived it felt just like McDonalds at home. +1 smelly bum that sat behind us. Hey, bums gotta sit too. But man he was smelly.We got breakfast there and were able to gamble playing Monopoly at the same time. We won another breakfast sandwich. I love McDonalds.
3	Not fair that the meal prices are bumped up because its located on the strip. (But i actually never went inside so Im getting this feedback from my cheap brother!)Thumbs up that its located on the strip though!Little scary as I sat in the parking lot and watched bums and the night crew doing the trash run. Looked dirty from the outside..but i was outside! Hey it was late..I ate the food. They served the purpose I needed.
3	I know, I know.  It's a fast food joint...what is there really to say?  It's not like the food here is going to taste all that different than a McDonald's just about anywhere else.  So, with all of the great restaurants and buffets in Vegas to eat at and Yelp about, why the hell am I reviewing a McDonald's you ask?  Well, I'll tell you why:50 nuggets for $9.99.  (edit:  how awesome would it be if FIDDY CENT was FIDDY NUGGET?  Okay, anyways...haha).I know...crazy, right?  Now, you're probably thinking that's either (A) an amazing yet awesome deal, or (B) an amazing yet kinda disgusting one.  If you aren't really sure how you feel, figure it this way: if you're in line with your friends, riding a good buzz and feeling hungry in the middle of the night, you're probably thinking (A).  If you're pretty sober, waiting for your drunk friends to buy food and bring it to the table, you might find yourself leaning towards (B).  Now, if you're sitting there at the table, wondering how the hell you and your 11 friends ended up getting two orders, yet still find yourself having some because really, who is going to notice a few of the 100 or so missing, then...well, welcome to my world!Kudos to them for staying open 24 hours and being there for my friends when we found out Pink's was closed.  And remember, sometimes it really is true that "what happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas".  Just ask all those nuggets we left behind that we couldn't/refused to finish.
4	This place was such a big shock to us because of their 50 Chicken McNugget for $9.99 deal (which is sad now because the deal is now at ALL Mickey D's... so its not so special anymore).Anyways we came back from clubbing at Tao and we got our 100 nuggets, between the 4 of us. I loved seeing the kinds of people at that time... we saw workers who just got off their shifts, professionals, college kids in clubbing clothes like we were, grandparents... we're all different but we got two things in common.. our love for McDonald's and that we're in VEGAS!Oh yeah.. the food, you should already know what Mickey D's food is like.One star off for having a shady parking lot!
4	I just saw someone else review about 50 chicken nuggets for 9.99, I would've gotten that and split it with a bunch of drunk people if I knew.I did come here when it was 109 degrees outside on a June day, I was baking in that hot ass sun.  I came here for some french fries, a few Snack Wraps (grilled and fried Ranch and Honey Mustard, thank you) and for a fucking Mocha Iced Coffee.  I was cheaper here than it was in NY, I was like I could drink this good ass tasting Mocha Iced Coffee every day, but no I didn't.Convenient location, I was staying right near here.  It sure did the job when I had a short walk back to Polo Towers on June 16th.  Great times, 24 hours too at this McDonalds, and only saw a few shady looking characters- NOT too many.
4	Was excited Monte Carlo had a 24 hour McDonalds right by the lobby, and our first meal (*snack) was here. The only reason why I am writing this review is they have a $1 menu, and the mini meals. Also, they don't have the McChicken, but a hot and spicy McChicken, which I hadn't seen, and it is GOOD. and SPICY! I also saw they had the double cheeseburger still for $1, which it isnt in CA, or at least the one I go to.Quick and fast!
3	After a crazy night in Vegas, this is the funniest place to end up at the end of your night. At around 3am, 100% of the patrons here are incredibly drunk and under the influence of something. Everyone in line is just squirming around. My gf and I stood behind a bunch of college kids making out. Hilarious? Yes. Delicious? No...On to the food. It really is your average fare. Not much different than any other McDonalds. Like a fugly hook up in the morning, you wake up the next day wondering why you had Mickey D's in the first place. OH! That's right, you were drunk!
4	This McDonalds is like any other McDonalds...  however, this one gets 4 stars because it is a NEVADA McDonalds... which means it has the SPICY McCHICKEN! Every time I go to vegas, I stop in at a McDonalds just for the spicy mcchicken.... they don't have it on their Cali menus and its oh so much better hot and spicy! Perfect cheap drunk/sober food.
1	HUUUUUUUMPH.Boyfriend and I..... drunk....walked past by this branch and all of a sudden wanted a double quarter pounder with cheese and a 20pc nuggets.I also for some reason wanted a double cheeseburger with extra onions.We had the bag and been munching on the fries on our long walk to Mandalay...only to find out...they didn't put my double cheeseburger in the bag..but charged me for it. HUUUUMPH!Dont' do that to me when I'm drunk.
5	Ok so I'm 10 years old.... AND my friend John takes me here like.... EVERY week so.... I always get the 6 pc. Chicken nugget kids meal with sweet n sour sauce AND WHAT DO I GET FOR A DRINK? Lemonade. If you have a child, get them the kids meal! MCDONALDS IS SOOOO DELICIOUS! THE BEST FOOD EVER!!!!!
5	The only two reasons I would review a fast food restaurant are good or bad service experiences. I had a great experience here. I ordered two Spicy McChickens (wish they had this in CA), 10 McNuggets, and fries. Since I had to wait a long time for my order, however, I received a bunch of freebies that I didn't even ask for: a large soft drink, 10 more McNuggets, and another Spicy McChicken. Hehe I love these victories.
3	So a few cocktails may have inspired some "it's-midnight-and-I-NEEEEEED-some-McD's" munchies.  However, this McD's was right next door to our hotel and it really hit the spot.  It's easy to stumble to....I mean, find...  And it was hot and fresh.What I did not appreciate was the fact that when I checked the bag ( I am SO glad I always check the bag, and here's why), they were missing a medium fries AND a big mac.  Not cool.Then when I brought it to their attention, there was no apology, no eye contact, there were actually no words whatsoever.  They just put the missing items in the bag and walked away.  Umm.  Thanks?
4	Minus all the weird drunks, this is a great 24/7 location if you have the munchies...
4	I definitely needed a snack because i was drunk and there would be no time for dinner. Since I'm already spending all my money on drinking and gambling, I decided to go cheap on the meal so dollar menu it is. We go to the McDonalds on the strip with the Big Golden Arches, can't miss it. We order and two seconds later my Hot and Spicy McChicken was ready. It was hot and right off the grill. They customer service is fast and friendly.We decided to walk around instead of sitting in the dining area, but it looked as if there was plenty of space to sit down.
5	This is one of the best McDonalds I've been to. It has been remodeled in the past few years, so it looks nice and it is kept clean as well. This was a great place for my sister and I to sit and cool off and get ice cream while the adults were playing a game downstairs. I think it was more than the McDonald's in my area (I think...), but it was well worth it-I saw it as paying a couple of extra cents to sit in an air conditioned place on a hot summer day.
4	SPICY MCCHICKEN!!!  that is all...
3	I've had a number of Spicy Chicken sandwiches before but I must admit that at this McDonalds, these sandwiches are spicy!! Fresh french fries? Not here... they were as cold as cold can be. Very disappointing.Overall, it was a decent place to grab a cheap ice cream cone and a sandwich to try and not spoil being hungry for dinner time at Benihana!
5	Go to McDonalds to get what you expect. Cheapest meal on the strip. Split the 20 piece nuggets with my mom and got two double cheeseburgers (which we didn't even eat, hello breakfast!) for $7! wouldn't be so excited normally but paying upwards of $30 a person made me really appreciate what McDonalds has to offer. For $5 more, this one offers 2 complete meals. Go here for a cheap meal anytime.
4	Went here one morning right before going sky diving. Had a good experience. Like all McDonalds, service was good, food was good. Nice and spacious seating area.
4	This is a great location right on the strip and not as run down as most others.Why eat McDonalds when there are millions of super exclusive only in Vegas options?Because the food is expensive as hell, because you gambled all your money away, cuz your drunk as shit and a dollar burger will hit the stop right about now?Whatever it is, they are there for you 24/7 and they sure hit the spot for me NEEDING an egg McMuffin after a long booze filled Vegas night.That and their new chocolate chip frappe.I was on my way to Coffee Bean and Tea leaf for an ultimate Mocha when i stopped to get the McMuffin here, my husband got  the chocolate chip frappe and it was so good that we got two more.Best damn thing McDonalds ever did and for that i am a fan!
1	Worst experience ever !!! They took over 20 ns to get me my food and that was the drive thru !!! Never coming again !!
5	You MUST try this place if you come to Vegas!  First, the burgers are awesome, whether you get the regular hamburger or the huge quarter pounder, they are juicy and delicious and prepared exactly as you want them. They cook them in advance so you don't have to wait very long. I ordered their specialty burger, which is called the Big Mac, boy does the name fit. It comes with two all beef patties, special sauce, lettuce, cheese, pickles, onions, all on a sesame seed bun. Simply amazing. You should also get their fried potatoes, which are called French Fries. Not sure what is French about them, but they sure are delicious, especially with the tomato based dipping sauce. They have a fried fish sandwich which features a tender and moist fillet of locally caught cod. You can get it with or without cheese. I haven't tried everything on the menu yet, but I recommend ordering one of their creatively packaged combo deals. They all come with the main sandwich, French Fries, and a drink. You can get a soft drink or one of their delicious milk shakes.  I am pretty sure they are made with hand scooped ice cream. I will be sure to return to this restaurant next time I find myself on the Las Vegas strip and  want what is possibly the best dining experience around.
5	Best McDonald's ever!  Walked over after leaving a gambling binge.  The cashiers were friendly!Ps they do not take chips as payment! Cash/credit only!!!!'
1	Worst McDonald's ever. Full of drunk people off the strip. Bums hang around inside and outside the restaurant. Hookers and pimps hang out there. The employees are loud and ghetto and very unprofessional. Go to the nicer McDonald's by Planet Hollywood instead.
4	I do not like McDonald's. However, I am must rate this life- and money-saving institution at the Strip highly because it has served me well, and will continue to do so in all of my future visits.The place is clean. The line is short (but then again, I can only vouch for the line between the hours of 0400 and 0700). SERVICE IS SWIFT. And before you sober up, you're out the door with your breakfast in tow.What must be commended the most here are the workers. These hardened fellows have seen the best and the very worst of the people of the Strip. These experiences have evolved them to be immune to blatant judgement of the victims and casualties of a good night in Vegas. So shame not my fellow Strip party goers - this is the place to order your 4am breakfast burrito. In Vegas for EDC? Make sure to stop by here to order something to eat to replenish your energy for the next night. I hear a smoothie goes down the easiest after a hard night of raving. The workers here will not judge your zombie gait and your wide-eyed gaze.For these reasons, I thank you McDonald's for taking care of me and my peers.
2	A typical Las Vegas Strip dive. Full of drunks looking for greasy food at night. Filthy dirty inside. Soda machines are all out of carbonation. My wife had to wipe the seats and table herself before we sat. She even put down a layer of napkins before sitting. To top it all off something is dripping out of the ceiling. I gave it two stars because it's exactly as I imagined it from the outside view and it's cheap.  Plus the grease is a great remedy for a twisted tummy after a long hard night of drinking.
4	It's a mcdonalds.  So many out there they everyone knows what to expect.  ProsI liked this especially because it provided an inexpensive eating option while we were staying at the polo towers.  They had a great deal of 2 Big Macs for $4.44.  Located on the outside first floor of planet Hollywood.  ConDemographics that usually patronize this establishment.
4	It's a McDonald's. On the strip. Open 24 hours.$5 bucks for 20 piece chicken nuggets at 3am after dancing and drinking with my girls at Drai's?CLUTCHHHHHHH.
5	We tried the Bellagio Buffet and the Wynn Buffet, nothing worth those around $50 per person. But McDonald's is always McDonald's, cheap and fast and fair price.
