2	Back in 1994, my dad and his friend took me and my sisters to Nielsen's to try frozen custard for the first time.  From what I remember, it's more rich, much creamier than ice cream or frozen yogurt.  Since then, I've never been able to find anything that comes close to that creamy, custard-y frozen goodness.  Apparently it's not that common here on the west coast.Last I went back, because I had to have that smooth chocolate cone once more.  There was a wait, which wasn't uncommon, being summertime in the AridZone.  There wasn't a nice little old lady helping us; instead there were teenagers running about behind the counter.  The entire place, small as it was, felt kinda...sticky, I suppose.  The napkin counter was gross from melted messes and grinder condiments.  I tried to hide my slowly-growing disappointment until I could taste the frozen custard I once knew long ago.  Unfortunately, the custard itself was just not the same.It tasted like plain ol' chocolate ice cream.  There wasn't anything custard-like about it.  :(**Upon searching for reviews on the Net, I found that the Neiesens had sold the shop to a different owner, which would explain the downfall of  my favorite dessert spot.  However, they've recently gained ownership once again, this of course after my unfortunate visit last year, but I have high hopes!  Although I have few reasons to ever find myself in Arizona again, at least I know there's one thing to look forward to if it happens.
3	Nielson's is a local favorite. But I am still confused why everyone loves this place SO much. We have a few couples who nearly beg us to go here after a movie or dinner. Usually we'll give in. And it isn't horrible or anything. I ust prefer others better. I think the frozen custard is pricey and the taste is creamy but otherwise boring. One bright spot are the sandwiches, called Grinders. Try the Spicy Italian with pepper relish, the Roast Beef w/ Guacamole, and (my favorite) The Finer Things, with turkey, avacados and cream cheese. Probably not the best for my expanding waistline, but a delicious indulgence.Others negatives that pulled my rating down a star: since they are popular, the wait can be 10-15 minutes. And with high school kids behind the counter, the service can be poor.
4	I'd like to give this place five stars, just to drive my favorite Floridian more bananas than he already is, but alas, I cannot.  It's very good and worth the 20 minute drive, but the service can be uneven and sometimes the custard is a little too melted.  That being said, did I mention that I'll drive 20 minutes to go here and that I pass two Dairy Queens, one Baskin Robbins, and more of those tart yogurt places than I can count?  So yes, it is creamy and delicious and very far from Florida.
4	When I'm in the mood for a creamy desert I will always go to Nielsen's. I prefer the baseline/power location but this one is bigger. I do miss the Iceberg that use to be in this location. I like the choices of mix-ins for the custard. I always get Captin Crunch and Maraschino Cherries. Sadly I do not visit this place much anymore cause of my addiction to tart frozen yogurt, but when I get the creamy craving I go to Nielsens.
4	When I get a sweet tooth and decide I want something ice cream-like, this is near the top of my list.  Frozen custard is a notch above ice cream and frozen yogurt, in my opinion.The great thing about Nielsen's is the mix ins.  My favorite is butterscotch.  Pumpkin and Cap'n Crunch are also great.  Heck, just thinking about it makes me want to go get some.The only thing I don't like about this place is the non-dessert options.  I don't really care for their regular food.
3	Through all our trips to Arizona, we kept driving by Nielsen's Frozen Custard when we went to and from our hotel to our daughter's home.  Each time, I would say to myself that we had to give it a try.  However, many times we would drive by it when it was closed.  Well...this trip (our final one to visit our daughter who has now moved), we got here!Upon entering, we were surprised to find that in addition, to frozen custard, they also served meals (burgers, sandwiches, salads, etc.).  We were there strictly for the frozen custard.We were greeted by a very friendly young lady who worked behind the counter.  She was patient with us as we perused the massive topping menu---so much choice!  In the end, I chose a small cup of vanilla with sprinkles and my husband had a small cup of unadorned chocolate custard.  After ordering, we were given a number to put on our table then the young lady brought out our order quickly.We both agreed that the frozen custard had a nice, creamy consistency.  However, we found that it didn't have much flavor.  Neither the vanilla nor the chocolate had a strong enough flavor---and that was disappointing.  We were expecting much better.Yet, we don't regret giving it a try.  Had we not done so, it would have been one of those things that would have nagged at me.  I would have always wondered if we had missed out on something excellent.
4	I was on a savage hunt for some yogurt and was determined to find the perfect spot to satisfy my craving... you know when you're craving something in particular and even though you really want it you become super picky?? yeah that was me.. we must have drove by 5 yogurt spots and i was being a brat and could not make up my mind which place i wanted to go into. When we drove past this place i was intrigued by the design  and decorations. It has a old 50 classic diner feel to it which i thought was cute. Even all  the employees were in their dorky little outfits/hats.what is frozen custard you ask??? It is better than ice cream... it is freakin delicious! toppings are endless.. Everything from sprinkles to cap'n crunch! I got the lemon flavored custard mixed with coconut, graham crackers and butter toffee nuts.. shit was the BOMB! so effin'' good.. better than i could have though.. You can get large pint sizes to take home... they also serve hamburgers, sandwiches, strawberry shortcakes, root bear floats, French fries ..you get the idea.Just did dessert this time.. but i will be back Nielsen's..oh yes i will be back.
5	I love Nielsen's! Both locations are very nice. The food is good quality and the employees seem very efficient and industrious. I love the "Finer Things" sandwich.An aside (which does not affect my rating): Many of the people here don't control their children - almost every time I have gone to either Nielsen's there are kids going crazy. It's worth it for the food though!
3	Throw me a bone here fellas!  Yeah, that spicy italian sub was tasty, but at $6 without a drink or chips you're hitting the wallet pretty hard and leaving me hungry.  Guess I'll just stick with the custard in the future.
5	I've been eating here for almost 20 years.  The sandwiches are great! But the frozen custard is better!  Try my favorite concrete: strawberry & caramel.
4	Yum! I mostly go to NFC for a concrete (which is their frozen custard). I love the creamy vanilla custard with cookies and cream mix-in. This is a cute little shop with a 50s diner feel. I have never had bad service and the place stays really clean.
5	Cookies and cream concrete w/ Oreo mix-in. I'm still in a diabetic coma. Yet, writing a review.  Can't wait to try the food.  Booyakasha!
5	One of a kind around here. Legit. Classic.
4	The grinders & custard are heavenly, but there's too many kids standing around behind he counter & the food is expensive for what you get.
4	This place is the "Culvers" for those of us kids who grew up in Utah.  Classic throw back burgers, frozen custard, and ambiance.
5	Been coming here for years and will always come here when I want the best custard.  Food is always fantastic and the staff is friendly.
3	I went to this place on a friend's recommendation, but have only eaten the custard. The lemon is quite refreshing and fluffy although I wish is was a little less sweet. This is a great place to visit after a light meal in downtown Mesa if you are looking to satisfy your sweet tooth, but not go overboard. The service is fantastic and the parking is ample as they have a private lot. The inside of the restaurant is quite charming and diner like. If you are really looking for the full experience of frozen custard, eat it outside in the never-ending, relentless Arizona sun...you will truly feel the refreshment!
1	This is no where near the same as the Gilbert location.I ordered a chicken sandwich, because they didn't have the veggie one I get from the other location.It came on a fairly dry crusty hoagie roll, with shredded iceburg lettuce, mayo (that I specifically asked not for), chicken, and some horrible pepper sauce. The sauce was not listed in the ingredients on the menu. It was not just hot, but tasted bad. I asked the person at the counter about it, they said they put it on all their sandwiches. Something they might want to mention on the menu.It was pretty loud, and smelled greasy. The menu is not the same as the Gilbert location either. I was fairly disgusted by my food, so we didn't even bother with the custard.
1	I visited the location on Gilbert and Southern tonight. This is my first and only experience I plan to have at Nielsen's Frozen Custard. I ordered a sandwich and a brownie sundae through the drive-thru. My sundae came out almost immediately, but I waited about 20 minutes for my sandwich. The sundae was completely melted and my fried were overcooked. There were 5+ workers standing around and not a single one  checked in with me during my drive/park experience. Needless to say I am extremely disappointed with the lack of customer service for my $15 meal.
4	Great ice cream. Food is alright. If your in a hurry this might not be the place for you. Can take a while to get good. They are fairly quick with the Ice cream
2	we are here from California, visiting family, and they were excited to take us to Nielsons for frozen custard so we decided to eat dinner as well. They younger staff were very nice and helpful but the older woman manager was rushing us as we ordered and became agitated when one of us brought it to her attention that the bacon that she paid 1.50 extra for her burger was basically less than paper thin and full of holes. This woman manager was very rude about our request her 1.50 comped on our custard order, like it was an unreasonable request. Maybe the manager could be more willing to accomodate and have a better attitude towards customers. My 1 1/2 yr old niece dropped her frozen custard from kids plate and they didnt offer to replace it, or to even sell us another one. We had to buy a full size adult frozen custard. This manager is pretty stingy! WE loved the food, and the custard was very good, it would help business for this manager to be more people friendly.
5	This place has been here for several years and I popped in one time after a visit from my dentist.  That first visit had me sold and it wasn't long afterwards that I was talking about the place while visiting my dental office and telling  them how good it is.  Well to my surprise not one of the people that worked in the office had ever had a taste of Nielsen's Frozen Custard.  *gasp*Could this be true?!I mean how is it possible?  This place is not even a quarter mile from their office.So I brought in several varieties prior to a follow up visit and the staff was thanking me profusely.REAL frozen custard.  It is delicious, has flavor you can truly taste and real substance that doesn't wimp out immediately when exposed to the AZ weather.  I've had Freddy's and Carver's and although theirs is tasty there is something about the recipe that just falls short of Nielsens.And that Rita's place, c'mon.  The staff there uses a mix and couldn't even tell you the difference between ice cream and frozen custard.  And someone was telling me I need to try it, it's good.  When I indulge in something that is going to pad my hips and thighs I prefer authentically delicious, not false a representation.
3	Good quantity of food for the money. Diner feeling. Hamburger and fries were good.
4	Came across this place while running errands in Mesa. I had promised my daughter I would buy her ice cream after her shots. We walked in and ordered a banana split for her, I'm a weird person that doesn't love ice cream and ice cream doesn't love me back but I will still have a couple of spoonfuls. We ordered from a really nice young man and received our treat quite fast.Will go back to try a concrete soon.
5	I love the Chocolate Concretes with bananas and walnuts and have been enjoying them for the last 7 years! And Hope to Enjoy Them For Many More Years To Come!!!! Now don't forget the food.............the Fries are the best, with ketchup, and the sandwiches are good too.............the bread/bun is always so fresh and melts in your mouth.The Place is always clean and perky, not to mention I love it!See you there.
1	This is sub par to the other frozen custard places that have pooped up like weeds as of late. The place smelled and was dirty. The food was over priced and tasted bland. The concrete was okay, nothing special. This is place will close down before to long.
3	Good food but ridiculous wait time! Do not go here if you are jn a hurry! Especially the drive thru! They do not seem too worried about you coming back again.
4	Solid spot.  Definitely an East Valley favorite.  Grab the oreo concrete, it's delish.
4	We visit from California to Arizona a couple times a year and this place is a MUST for my entire family. We have had the grinders on occasion but we come here for the CONCRETES. I have no idea why it is so good, it just is. The portion is huge but I have yet to see 1 person not finish it. We are all stuffed afterwards but  happy. I've never had a problem with service but I can see getting irritated at the young workers and especially the young kids that hang out in the place not eating. Thats annoying
2	I use to love their concert but tonight it was nothing but soup with large globs of what should have been 'mix ins'.  At over $5 a container it was very disappointing.
1	We will not be coming here in the future.  I read some reviews before deciding to go here on a Friday night w hubby, we wanted something sweet.  Based on a review by a former employee, we got a banana split to share since it has 3 scoops of ice custard.  We were very disappointed when it came.  The scoops were a third size of Baskin Robbins.
1	Terrible service and the custard was very runny. We got a concrete with Reese's peanut cup. You could hardly see any Reese's peanut cup. Instead of fixing the concrete they gave us a tiny bowl of candy and told us to mix it ourselves. Oh and let's not forget the concrete is in a cheap "red solo cup" from costco.
1	The custard was milky and there was hardly any mixing. It feels like they are looking to cut costs in so many ways and it has caused a bad experience. We paid $5.00 for a custard and it comes in a Costco cup with poor customer service. They even have a combo lock on the bathroom door. If you need to use it then they walk you to the bathroom and put in the code to open the door. The only places I see doing that are gas stations in the ghetto.
1	Went there my first time tonight and bad service. I order the spicy italian from the guy and he turns to the girl to usher her to make it and she is like "no, no i have too much dishes to wash ughhh", and "are you serious?" Then she says one last time to the cashier guy "wait for real?" And all this grunting in between I couldnt believe the disrespect. Like if she had too much dishes to wash why wasnt she doing it before, when i walked in all she was doing was laughing and chatting with the other employees. If she doesnt want to make food why is she even working there?? Was she seriously complaining like that in front of me like that? How unprofessional. It was my first time there and im happy to say my last. The food was also mediocre. The custard was great though.
