2	What a let down! A few folks we talked to raved about it, talked about the rides (plural), and the general atmosphere. When we got there, there was one rickety Ferris wheel that seemed like it could fall apart at any moment. In retrospect, we should have never let our kid go on it, but after hyping up the "rides," we couldn't say no. One of the food vendors offered hockey puck consistency burgers, and other items - although the tamales looked good. The music was super loud, and while that's a main attraction, it was hard to even hear the person next to you on the sidewalk all the way across from the fairground. There was nothing for children other than the aforesaid rickety ride and ice cream, but given all the hype from others, we were very let down by the entire ordeal. It's too bad, because we were really looking forward to a nice family day at a festival - rather, we probably stayed for 20 minutes, and then left. There was a lot of space, and perhaps they can offer a little more for children, and maybe a little safer too. I swear to God I wouldn't be surprised if someone ends up dying on that thing.
4	I had a great time this year (2011).  A small little festival filled with great music, great food and great beer!  I had the opportunity to eat some great food from Lao Laan-Xangs and Buraka.  It is a small ecletic festival, if your looking for the carnival, this is not your scene as the gentleman who reviewed before me was.  This is for fun, dancing, eating and drinking...not carnival rides and games for kids.
2	The concept of La Fete de Marquette is great, I just can't stand the folks who go to it, at least in the evening. The first warning sign of the night was a sea of lawn chairs set out to enjoy the music... from a distance... without dancing. They took up a ton of space in an already jam-packed area, and people weren't even going to sit in them until the last act (Marcia Ball) came on. I'm probably considered "old" by college town standards, but much of the audience looked like a Baby Boomer convention. This in and of itself is not a problem at all, but when you cram together a ton of people who don't seem to do this sort of thing very often, you get a lot of really drunk jerks with bad attitudes. One guy banged into me, spilling red wine all over my dress. Another woman snapped at me for taking a step backward and having the audacity not to see her with the eyes in the back of my head. People were constantly stopping in the middle of the very narrow thoroughfares to have entire conversations, so getting anywhere was a Herculean mission. Meanwhile, the large tables with plenty of chairs under the beer tent went unused. Why not go there to have a seat and a conversation?! Plus, a number of people had brought their dogs into this huge, noisy crowd. That tends to make the dogs anxious, and it's hard not to trip over the smaller ones.Now, setting aside my issues with people who don't remember music festival etiquette, there were the usual issues. A single beer cost about as much as a six-pack of that beer would normally cost. Some stalls were selling low-effort carnival-level food, like the bacon on a stick that was just a blob of gelatinous fat. A number of the shopping stalls were uninspired and completely devoid of the French theme of the event, such as head shops that were trying to lure in the burnouts of the neighborhood to get Bob Marley wall hangings. The actual crowd area was so poorly-lit that it was nearly impossible to find our friends.In this mess, there were good points, namely the food. There were several stalls offering delicious cuisine you don't normally see at an event like this, although the prevalence of southeast Asian stalls (my favorite cuisine) meant that a lot of places were offering the same dishes, some of which were fairly uninspired (like limpid, greasy crab rangoons). The prices were fairly reasonable for a situation like this, and the food was better. I ordered a BBQ brisket sandwich from the Double S stall, and it was falling apart and delicious, especially with the BBQ sauce slathered over it. My companion ordered an American Caprese grilled cheese from the Melted stall, and it took FOREVER. It turned out that they had run out of extra-sharp cheddar, which was in every single one of their sandwiches but for one. It was like watching a team fail spectacularly in an episode of "Food Truck Road Race." Fortunately, one member of the team returned with more cheese, and the sandwich was ridiculously good. As for dessert, I'd suggest sticking to the ice cream from Chocolate Shoppe. The truffles from Gail Ambrosius were fairly hit-and-miss. The sea salt and caramel truffle had a bit too much salt , and it didn't mix into the caramel flavor very well. The mint chocolate truffle tasted funny, and I realized that it was because fresh mint had been used instead of "mint flavoring" that most desserts use. I know that's supposed to make it more "sophisticated," but I found it distracting and clashing with the rich chocolate flavor. The dark chocolate truffle, however, was spot-on. The beer, while exorbitantly priced, was good, and most of it was local. The wine was nothing special.The live music was great, but it was such a strange set-up with the lawn chairs everywhere and tents scattered around the perimeter that it was difficult to get a sight-line on the stage. Marcia Ball put on a great show, though, and the next several days look like they'll have good acts, too. Just make sure you use the restroom before you head over, the port-a-potties were grosser than the ones at Bonnaroo. I'm not sure I'll be returning next year, but it IS free, so I can't complain too much.
2	Honestly, there's not much to add here beyond what Kate said.Happy Hour prices there are awesome--$2 beers on a Saturday? Solid.Music was bleh, and the two old women we shared a table with who yelled at us to be quiet so they could listen to the music? Listen woman, you're sitting as far as humanely possible from the music stage--you can't hear jack shit where we are...and we're talking at normal voice levels. You be quiet.Food: Um...where's the French and Cajun-influenced stuff? We have NOLA cuisine in Madison, why aren't they here? Jamerica is as close as you can get, and no, I'm not paying $8 for your mediocre jumbalaya.The concept is great, and it's an event I would've loved to donate money to...but when you do a so-so, half-assed job like this? No donations necessary.
5	I'm very excited to provide this review while you still have two days to enjoy the fun. This has always been a fun, FREE fest but the previous venue was a series of dirty vacant lots. This year, the venue is the lovely new Central Park on the near east side. What a difference! There is grass, real restrooms and great food and drink!There's a nice selection of beer (including Capital Brewery) and a surprisingly good red for $6/glass. I've become such a wine snob I was really excited to taste this decent, affordable wine. I also appreciate that beer and wine can be enjoyed throughout the grounds and not limited to a fenced garden.Food options are plentiful, including the usual suspects: Lao Laan-Xiang and Jamerica. There's also a fried catfish place and Dobhan kitchen. I'd love to see more French, French colony or Creole food options. Those are hard to find in Madison, but even a crepe stand would be cool. I do love that Gail Ambrosius is there with her French truffles, chocolate dipped frozen bananas and assorted sorbets. If she hasn't run out of Mexican chocolate sorbet, buy it immediately!Also, I had Curd Girl fried cheese curds with their homemade ranch dressing. Good lawd! Outrageously good! The music is the real reason to attend the fest. They bring in some great French, Creole and African bands for the main stage, which we enjoyed. Check the schedule or just show up. You can't go wrong. If you like to sit, there are a few chairs around, but it's best to bring your own lawn chairs. I also really liked the night club vibe provided by DJs in la Bistro tent. It was packed and FUN! What a great way to bring some diversity to the music scene.Bottom line:Great musicExcellent new venueGreat drinksGreat food (even though not enough French inspiration)Limited parking, so bus or bike is bestBYO chairsSee you there!
5	What a massive improvement over previous years - Central Park is the perfect venue for this event and I can't wait to see what type of other events land here in the future.Notables:+ Free admission+ Large stage with an incredible sound system (EV, compliments of IntelliSound in Verona)- Very loud+ Very clear and good sound+ Diverse range of music acts+ Happy hour drink specials - $2 brews and wine from 4:30 - 6:30pm on Friday+ Good selection of brews - New Belgium, Capital, Stella, Labatt+ Full - and I mean - FULL  pours of beer; thank goodness for surface tension+ Great variety of food vendors- Very long lines for food+ Most vendors accepted plastic (thank you Square!)+ Second stage on east side of the park, under covered tent+ ATM located inside the tent- A ton of people+ Grass field beats the old concrete settingComplaints:- Single point of entry/egress is at the faaaar west side of the park- Could use a bike corral or something similar
2	There doesn't seem to be anyone in charge of this event. My wife and I had a lovely time there Thursday evening, thanks to Willy Street Co-op.  We chatted up some nice people and saw several old friends.  When we returned home I realized I had misplaced my reading glasses (owned, repaired and maintained with new lenses, for the past eight years). I am now devastated as I can't see anything without them. I've returned to La Fete three times in the last two days: walking several blocks, fighting traffic and crowds, looking for parking, and trying to track down any official who could help me with lost and found, or offer any helpful information.  I've called the Marquette Neighborhood Association twice: no answer, no return call. I've talked to security, who inform me they're the last to know anything. Who is officiating this event?  I'm supposed to meet an old friend from Ohio there this evening (Saturday) but I no longer feel like going. If you have any information regarding my pair of metal-framed, prescription glasses, I can offer a reward of $25.00 for their return.  Please leave your contact information with Onya at Willy Street Co-op.
1	For people who live even 2 streets away this festival is a nightmare. The music and especially bass are extremely loud and honestly my house on Willi street is shaken up to the core right now. I can't even watch TV with constant bass in the background. I can only imagine how horrible it is for people closer to the actual concert. Hard to believe that police allows such events to occur in the midst of residential area.
