4	A quaint wee pub only a couple of minutes walk (up some steps) from Waverley Station. First time I had legendary "Stovies"... which here were made form corned beed and came with a slab of butter and a couple of oatcakes! Lovely Scottish fayre. Well worth a visit if you're waiting for a train or even if you're just wandering around Edinburgh and fancy a nice drink... Has tables outside in a little courtyard and can get very crammed in evenings (mainly because it's tiny). More than worth a visit-also has real ales!
4	The Halfway House is definitely one of the more interesting places I've ever dined!  The only access to this place is by taking a stairway that leads up from the base of a hill near Waverly Station to a street up higher on the hill below the Royal Mile...and as the name indicates this pub is halfway up those stairs.This pub has no more than a dozen seats but it is warm and comfy.  They have a limited menu...there is no kitchen on site so they bring in food from a local caterer that features locally grown/raised foods.The Halfway House is more of a place to go due to an interesting location than a place for cuisine, but don't let that (or the stairs) put you off!
5	These little closes that lead up to the Royal Mile are among my faourite features of the whole city. Picturesque and shifty at the same time, it can sometimes feel like you're back in the 17th century, and the glorious days of the plague, smallpox, and throwing one's faeces out the window.It's probably as much due to it's location as the pub itself that I'm giving Halfway House top marks, but I'd always recommend that visitors to Edinburgh pop into this unusual and tiny little drinking den at least once. Just don't expect cocktails, minimalist decor or the beautiful people.
4	The Halfway house located just on the way down (or up) from Waverley Train station through Fleshmarket's close is a small gem. Hidden in this dark close, and avoiding the awful smell of urine you eventually reach this pub and forget all.It's tiny and pays tribute to the good old days of the Railway, as its walls are filled with memorabilia. It's food is not the best in town but you come here more for the atmosphere rather than the food. It is by no means fancy but is certainly cute, not trying hard to be something it's not and it's great for a stop over and a pint before continuing up those steps!
4	The Halfway House is one of Edinburgh's most well known and at the same time, one of the most secretive bars in the city. Small in size, the pub has a very limited amount of seating. Luckily, every time I have been in I have always been able to get a seat. The bar dominates this small pub, and it offers your usual spirits, but also provides a limited, but good range of ale's. The pub can be quite quiet at times and sometimes it is only the mumbles of the locals that you can hear. The bar is decorated with a lot of items and pictures relating to steam engine trains. The bar also offers a limited range of meals. Well worth a visit, a very cosy and snug pub, an ideal place to taste a local ale!
3	The smallest pub in Edinburgh, and typically these are the types of pubs I love.  Though for some reason, this one just does not do it for me.  Maybe it is all the homeless people waiting outside, or maybe it is the bartender that spends all his time with the homeless people outside smoking?  It has been named CAMRA pub of the year at least once.  It is located down a set of stairs off Cockburn St, close to the Royal Mile. A tiny pub, and they proudly advertise this as being the smallest. A tiny bar that sits no more than four people with a few tables and booths scattered about.They have four cask that are of good quality. It looks like they rotate regularly. When I was there, BrewDog's Punk IPA (not a fan of BrewDog, but I know a lot of people that do), and several Stewart beers were on.  Lots of other good micros rotate in.I do want to like this place, but it has been one of my least favorite pubs in Edinburgh. The kind of stand offish, and inattentive staff that mingles more with homeless people than customers turned me off.  I don't expect bartenders to be my best friend, but that was a little off putting for me.  They do have a small but excellent rotating selection of cask ales though.
4	Good cheap pub food with some good Ales and scotch, only a few metres away from the tourist trap Royal Mile
3	This is a small but well stocked tourist trap / half local - the bar is filled with special (and not so special) whiskies, and the top shelf has the usual spirits to please those not into whisky. We arrived on a Friday evening around 8:30 and we had no problem finding ourselves a small boot in the back. It filled up quite quickly after that; with tourists and locals alike. 3.45 stars - as the bar is too small to actually enjoy, for longer than a dram or 2. It is better than my usually 3 star places but marginally so. They do their name justice as this is a stopover place on the way to somewhere else. It does it well. Service is prompt and very friendly.
4	Fantastic. Great ale. Thank you.
4	Unsure if I'm in a tourist trap or a friendly local pub... hard to say.But the Halfway House is delightful for what it is: a small, cozy pub with friendly service and simple food. I went with the stovies and oatcakes, and my wife had the skink. Neither was exceptional, but they were both hot and filling, and perfect for a windy, rainy Scottish afternoon.If it weren't for the location, I wouldn't go out of my way to try the Halfway House. But you can definitely do worse with the commercialized, over-sexed pubs a bit higher up the hill. Halfway House is a relaxing respite from all that.Cash only! Closest ATM I found was in the train station, but there may be one closer...
1	This pub has won serveral awards but in all honesty, I can't see why.Yes, it's olde worlde and situated up some dark, narrow steps so I can see how it attracts the tourists but inside was nothing spectacular. The walls are yellow (pre-smoking ban yellow) and covered with paintings of trains and other railway-related bits and bobs. There are only a few tables as it's a teeny tiny old man's boozer and the bar doesn't offer anything out of the ordinary. Now, unless The Halfway House drastically changes into something completely different at night, I'm not going to recommend it to anyone. It's dark, dingy, cold and dull so for that reason, I'm out.
