4	Located in the A concourse between gates A5 and A7, this Wendy's has the usual menu of burgers and salads and even baked potatoes! Service is super snappy and efficient. Small seating area nearby and of course, you're welcome to bring your burger with you on the plane.My recommendation? A double with cheese and no pickles. And if you really want to be the highlight of someone's flight, get some extra onions up in that!
5	very friendly staff for airport restaurant!
3	It's a Wendy's. An over-priced airport one...but still a Wendy's.Make sure you stay on their tails when you order. They forgot mine and it wasn't busy. The staff are extremely friendly...but they could focus more on the customer than restocking the condiments and wiping down counters. This location is hidden in Terminal A.
5	Straight to the point:  It was 5:15am.  I have a groggy wife and two half asleep 3 yr olds I'm dragging through Charlotte airport.  (What the hell was I thinking when I planned this trip?)  Anyway, I couldn't stop at the Starbucks because I was carrying the heavier of the two girls with one hand and two "hello kitty" backpacks in the other. (Crying, f'n shame). I finally got the family settled at our departure gate and I went a huntn' for some joe. Our flight was about to board so hiking back to the Starbucks just wasn't an option, not to mention the line might have made me miss my flight altogether and that's the LAST thing I needed. I looked to my left and saw a glimmer of hope .... A Wendy's that served coffee. After some quick airport time math I decided that this was my best option. Great decision. I walked up to the counter and ordered a large cup of dark goodness.  The woman at the counter looked at me, smiled, looked at the empty coffee mug I was carrying and said "how 'bout I just fill that up".  Now that's what I'm talking about!  Quality customer service!  Thank you!
5	Yea, it's a Wendy's but great service! Usually when you're in an airport the service is rude, good thrown together, and extremely overpriced. The line was long and they were busy and the employees were always smiling and pleasant. Not that obnoxious fake pleasant either. They were genuine. The food was great! They do charge 31 cents per ranch but that's corporates policy, not theirs.
