3	This lovely little restaurant recently opened (replacing the Cafe Carumba that was previously there) in the Scottsdale 101 development right next to the Harkins theater.A friend and I popped in to unwind on a Friday evening and had a very pleasant evening.  They could use some signage to explain the "order up at the counter and then pick your own seat, we'll serve it to you there" logistics, but their attentive staff quickly saw our confused faces and guided us through the process.They have a nice by-the-glass wine list (but no HH specials, boo) so we indulged with some reds while sharing a caprese salad and four cheese (we got it without the blue, and just kept the mozzarella, brie and goat cheese -- yum) pizza.  The food was fantastic, great thin-crust pizza and the olive oil made the crust like a second appetizer!The service was almost too good--this place is obviously family-owned and they must have every cousin and uncle in there to check on you every 5-10 minutes.  Extremely attentive, sincere, and accommodating service.  It has the feel of a restaurant that is eager to please and really wants you to be a return customer.The ambiance and music was perfect for a Friday night -- lot's of people watching as the patio opens up to the main entrance of the Cine Capri theater and the traffic is nonstop.  Very cool, mellow music and comfy booths -- great date place.Nothing mind-blowing but certainly a convenient and worthy staple that I will add to my portfolio.
5	This casual dining restaurant is not hard to find so I am surprised no one has yet Yelped about it, but they should have!  I went to this cafe for the first time before I saw a movie at Harkins 101 up in North Scottsdale.  The restaurant is right next to the movie theater entrance; the decor is nice and it has an outside patio.  You can either order at the counter or sit and have a server take your order.  Either way, the menu is the same and it is delicious.  Not exactly cheap, but delicious, and the portions are very large.  I ordered the caprese sandwich.  Warm, oven fired bread, plenty of mozzarella cheese and tomato, pesto, basil, a large side of fries and a fresh salad.  So much food that my friend and I said we should have split our lunch.  After a lunch of attentive and terrific service, when they asked if we wanted a box , we sadly said, no.  We were going to the movies.  THIS IS THE BEST PART OF OUR LUNCH!  They brought us boxes and kept them for us in their fridge until after the movie!!!  We got to take our doggie bags home after all.  Upon leaving the movies, we stopped back in, picked up our sandwiches, and I was able to enjoy my lunch again the next day.  Way to go Cafepino.  I will definitely be back!
5	Can't go wrong with a brick oven pizza and a $3 glass of wine.It's become a quick favorite in our house.-S.
4	I recommend this place.  Three of us went on a Saturday night arriving about 8 PM and there was no wait for a table.  We sat outside on the patio because after a few minutes sitting inside we were all freezing.  Turn up the thermostat!   We were glad we went out to the patio because it was very nice out there.  It was bordered by nice plants, it was quite, and the lighting was pleasant.  Inside the lighting is bright and somewhat harsh.The menu is centered around the pizza offerings, of which there were 12, plus three daily specials priced from $9.95 up to $14.95 for the specials.  Many sounded great.  There are 6 sandwiches made on bread made at the restaurant, that all come with french fries and salad.  All sounded good.  Priced from $9.95 to $12.95.Other offerings are: Beef Minestrone Soup, Beef Carpaccio, Antipasto Pino, Antipasto Mea Culpa, Rotisserie Chicken, Lasagna Bolognese, Grilled Chicken Pasta, Smoked Salmon Pasta.There are six salads that sounded good; Nicoise, Caesar, Pino Garden, Caprese, Canasta, Grilled Chicken, and a Fresh Fruit Bowl.  Prices were from $6.95 to $11.95.There are also 5 items on the Kids menu; Chicken Fingers and fries, Pasta Bolognese, Pasta Marinara, Pasta with Butter, and Grilled Cheese.  All $5.75.We ordered a bottle of Duboeuf Pinot Noir  for $24.  It was pretty good, but not great.  Three of us split a Pino Garden Salad ($6.95)  which was very good.  It was a nice size salad for three people to split with a pizza.  It would have been a lot for one person to eat and have room left for anything else.  We paid $1.75 for bread so we could try the three olive oils they provide for dipping.  We only really liked one of the oils.  Two were kind of plain, lacking the fruity taste we like.We split one of the three daily special pizzas, the margarita pizza with prosciutto and arugula ($14.95).  We all liked the pizza very much.  The wood fired oven gave the crust the perfect crispness and wood fired flavor we love so much.  The sauce and toppings were very flavorful too.  One person in our group thought she would have liked a little more herb flavor.  My only complaint is that there was a little too much sauce, such that the sauce was running off the pieces and the toppings were sliding off the slices when cutting and trying to lift a piece for a bite.  I found it better to leave the slice on the plate and use a fork for the first few bites.  The sauce also made the crust a little soggy in the center such that it wouldn't support the toppings when you tried to pick up the slice.  Cut the sauce and it would have been perfect.We ordered one Spumone for desert ($5.95) to split.  It was my first time to try  Spumone.  It was kind of a chocolate and vanilla ice cream pie that is wonderful.  But I would guess it's not ice cream like is made in the USA.  I would highly recommend you try it.  We loved it.The owner came by our table a few times to say hello and make sure everything was to our liking.   The service is excellent because the owner constantly walks around supervising the staff making sure your every need is taken care of. Our total bill, before tip, was $58.05 for a bottle of wine, one pizza, one salad, bread, and one Spumone desert.Cafepino is just to the right of the Cine Capri theatre entrance.  Give it a try.UPDATE:  On Saturday, October 19 we went back again at 6:30 PM after a movie and we ended up at the end of a line of 30 to 40 people all lined up to place an ordered at the counter, and then get a table.  The first time  we went here they seated us like a normal restaurant.  I guess when they  get a big crowd all at once they have you order at the counter.  We didn't like the program and left.  Too bad.  We really wanted to try another pizza.  Maybe next time.
5	Love the decor. Love the food. Love the owners.Yes, it is on the pricey side but a) you are in scottsdale and b) you get what you pay for - the food is high quality! The freshest mozzarella is used in their salads, pizza etc and the desserts are outstanding (the tirimisu and macaroons specifically)Love it! I'll be back often!
1	The service was terrible.  The bald french guy who seated us is incredibly rude and uncaring.  The food is overpriced and very mediocre.  I ordered a chicken salad with peanut sauce that was overpowering and the lettuce was limp.My wife had the Pino burger, which is basically a hamburger on flat bread.It was hard and overcooked.  I would not recommend Cafe Pino to anyone.  You are better off going to the Elephant Bar.
2	Cafe Pino is the sort of place I am totally mixed on. I wanted to love it - cute, conveniently near the movie theater, serves late, broad, well priced wine list. But, my experience here was odd at best. Went with one of my friends, Meredith G., after a movie. We were never told whether to order at the counter or if we would be waited on, and we basically stood around for a while. Once we ordered, it took a while for the food to be delivered, which was odd b/c we were about the only people there. Also, the owner kept staring at us and coming by every two seconds to ask if we were "ok." This quickly went from friendly to down right annoying.The pizza and salad we shared was tasty, but the service was a hassle overall.
4	This is a great neighborhood spot and the perfect place to grab a bite before or after a movie at the Harkins Cine Capri.  The restaurant is bright, casual, and modern, the owners are friendly, and the service is quick and attentive.  They serve salads, pizzas, sandwiches, and pastas - you order at the counter and then they bring it out to your table.  Some of their salads are better than others  - the Caesar is pretty good, while the grilled chicken salad was mediocre and overpriced (at $12), with just warm lettuce, shredded carrots, and dry chicken in too much peanut sauce.  Their pizzas are very tasty, with a delicate, chewy crust, plenty of sweet, delicious sauce, and very fresh cheese and other ingredients.  My only complaint is that the crust underneath towards the center of their pizzas is too soggy - I love thin crust, but it shouldn't collapse and make all your ingredients slide off when you try to take a piece.  Cafepino has become one of my go-to spots for a reliably good, quick meal.
3	A friend brought me here boasting the best pizza in the world. My expectations were not high, but still--I was intrigued by this slanderous boast. The place is very cute for being adjacent to a shopping mall. Shopping malls just give me the impression that a place will be packed with hordes of awkward teenagers. I think that's the old age in me creeping in though.Cafe Pino is probably a decent date spot. It's cozy and modern and the service is pretty top notch. The pizza. It's o.k. Thin crust, brick oven pizza. The sauce tastes a little weird to me, but other than that--it's a decent pizza, just not the best in the world.
4	I have to say one of the best hidden spots on the north side of Scottsdale. Wood fired pizza, crispy on the outside and chewy in the middle, served with infused oil and Parmesan.  The first time I went, I was a little confused by the counter ordering system but otherwise the service was friendly, prompt,and gracious. Rotisserie free range chicken with salad and pomme Gaufrette is a huge and delicious portion of tender, roasted poultry and can be considered a signature dish, next to the pizza. The sandwiches are good and the Nicoise salad is excellent, even if the dressing was underseasoned. Overall a great place for some post-movie munchies!
2	This place is so confusing even yelpers can't figure out where to place a review for it... http://www.yelp.com/biz/cafe-pino-phoenix#hrid:z2ZnUFQknWPI95C38cz0AQ/query:cafepinoYou enter and I'm still trying to figure out if you have to Order at the counter and then if you want to order more from the high presure service then you can order from the table..Came hear cause "lightbulb" the movie I worked on played and WON best picture at the PHX film fest! and this looked like a great Meeting place...and every time someone met us here... they would sit down and go oh I order up there?One of the Worst Salads I've ever had I ordered it twice thinking it was a fluke... its just bad... Tuna melt much better at Paradise...Vegie sandwich 13$! I saw no safron on there... theres no reason for this...I want to love this place, love the decor and the owner did seem nice but the rest of the staff seemed pushy...Grrr...I will come back and hope that its food matches its location and decore...
2	I feel bad that I am giving this such a poor rating because my friend (and now fellow Yelper), Shari V., really seems to like this restaurant.  However, the wine menu is extremely limited, in my opinion, and the food was terrible.  I have a friend, Michael C., who said to me once that it is not fair to rate a restaurant based on only one visit but...  I can't help it.  I had only a half grilled veggie sandwich (because I was sharing), and I couldn't even choke that down.  "Shoe leather" is what comes to mind.  With so many other good restaurants, I would not suggest anyone waste their time with this one.
5	CAFEPINO is family run and of French origin. I was told they originate from the Europe wide famous PIZZA PINO restaurant in Paris, France, which I had the pleasure to visit in the late eighties when studying there.Right off the bat - WE LOVE IT! It's different from all the other franchises out of the box formula same ol' same ol' stuff. So expect a certain culture, edginess and and attitude. The average American may be irritated at first. Nothing here is out of the box. If you're used to being pampered by everybody or wait at the door to be seated for example... don't. And don't expect the usual "over the top politeness" from servers and waiters, which never comes from the heart anyway. If you're confused and lost here, don't ever plan a trip outside the US. You may be better off at the usual "In 'n' Out Burger" franchise world with their get 'em in, feed 'em fast, get em out formulated system.Europeans are real and rough around the edges. At a place like CAFEPINO you can hang for a while. And that's what we and many of our friends have reported to like about this place. So get down to it and enjoy the mixed atmosphere and languages. Walk right up to the cash register and place your orders. No fanciness, just common human sense. If someone smiles at you here - you've earned it, and it's real.That said -  The food is exceptional. Tastes, of course, are what they are - subjective. The pizzas are awesome. No fast food here.l. The variety pleasant. The prices are up there - but very well worth it. The interior design is contemporary modern (European). Again a pleasant variety to the usual. Bring your friends, catch a movie then spend the day/eve @ CAFEPINO.
4	I've been here a few times.  I've tried a lot of their pizza which seems to be their specialty.  I've had pasta there - not so good.  For the 4 stars - it's all about the PIZZA!  The crust is perfect and the toppings are fresh and they don't skimp.  I've had a few salads there as well and they are pretty good too.  I've had their sangria 3 times - first time it was GREAT, the next two times it was so/so -- a bit too sweet. Beef Carpaccio was really very good!  I'd really give it 3 1/2 stars but couldn't figure out the 1/2 star mark ... so factor that into my rating as well  : )
2	We had two very different experiences at Cafepino.The first visit was great! My daughter and I were somewhat pressed for time as we had movie tickets so, rather than order a whole salad, we decided to share a Nicoise salad. The salads had already been split in the kitchen when they were brought to the table and they were great. Tasty tuna, huge capers, small green beans and pieces of potato, etc. They had been carefully prepared and were tastefully presented in two bowls. The service was friendly and the food came out of the kitchen quickly.We were so impressed that we went back two weeks later. My husband came with us. This time we weren't under any time constraints and were prepared to linger a bit. One of us ordered a glass of wine. Unfortunately it was served in a small unattractive glass.My husband ordered the Grilled Chicken Sandwich which was excellent. We also ordered their Homemade Bread which also was excellent although they charge $1.75 for it. My daughter and I ordered the same Nicoise salad. Imagine our surprise when only one salad was brought to the table on a plate. We had again opted to share the salad and had assumed it would be split in the kitchen the same way as it had been on our first visit. When we commented, our server told us the salad could not be split in the kitchen. When I said we were just there two weeks earlier and the salad had been split in the kitchen, she said she got into trouble for splitting it the last time and had been sent home. Regardless, I reiterated my request that the salad be split, but my request was denied. Instead, another smaller plate was brought to the table and we were left to muddle through the sharing process on our own. Frankly, the meal was ruined before it began.It is noteworthy that there were only two or three other people in the entire restaurant and the kitchen could easily have taken the time to accommodate our request but, for whatever reason, chose not to, or someone (a manager or possibly the owner) told them not to.No one said "thank you" or "goodbye" when we left.No restaurant, especially in the current economy, can afford to be this cavalier and inflexible as far as its customers are concerned. There are simply too many other restaurant choices.Finally, their prices are somewhat on the high side. The Nicoise salad and the Grilled Chicken sandwich were $12.95 each.Although we loved their food, under no circumstances would we ever go back. In fact, we couldn't wait to leave.
5	Nice setting and a great "organic"menu. Pizza is wood fired thin crust, mmmmm. Family run business is very sweet. Menu is full of great food! This day and age you pay for great food and Cafepino is no exception. Also I found a great favorite of mine that is not found easily anywhere in Scottsdale in any Italian restaurant... SPUMONI Gelato! So, I'll be coming back! Atmosphere mid day is very pleasant, music is soothing and the temp is great.
4	This is a great alternative to the chain restaurants near the Harkins 101. The have a nice outdoor patio, goods wine list, delicious pizza and salads and charming staff. Great spot for a casual meal before or after a film. I went there on my own when my husband was away and felt very comfortable dining alone.
3	Stopped in last night during the Christmas movie rush, but I only got a coffee, so I'll be short. Delicious coffee, and what looks like an interesting menu, but $23 for an antipasto plate that contains pate' seems a little too high for me.  That being said, they were packed, and there were a lot of happy customers, minus the rude customers who couldn't wait for a coffee.
2	Heard about it from friends. Went there with our 4 year old and 1 year old, who both have been to more restaurants to date than I did by 18.Ordered Beef Carpaccio for $13 as an app, Chicken pasta with an olive oil sauce for $13 and a Chicken Sandwich. Everything arrived at the same time, not with the Carpaccio out first. For $13 I would have expected better carpaccio. It was drenched in olice oil and had some lettuce shreds around it and some shaved parmesan. At Flemings, I can get cheaper carpaccio that is a larger portion and tastes devine with a mustard aioli. This was blah.The pasta consisted of low quality penne, not made fresh and more olive oil. It sucked. The sliced chicken on top was very flavorful. My wife's chicken sandwich was uninspired, with what appeared to be thousand island dressing on it. It did have a side salad with a really tasty dressing (with dijon perhaps). Overall, the people working there were pleasant. The food was pedestrian and overpriced. Wont be going back.
5	This is my favorite restaurant in the Kierland area, with a very good location if you are going to a movie at the Harkins 101.  They bake their own bread in house on a constant basis, which is really good however you have it, either with charcuterie platter (the veggie tray has a really flavorful eggplant camponata), oil and balsamic, butter, as the bread in their sandwiches, or as one of my favorites with a light coating of butter with their really good, strong hot chocolate as dessert/ a snack.  Their burgers are good, 9 ounces of beef that they will cook to order (they will go to a true medium rare, which is always very nice to find), and their pizza (which the crust is very reminiscent of their bread) which just tastes really fresh and flavorful (I almost always order the Calabria, which includes sausage and pepperoni, both of which a of a good quality).  My favorite desert here would have to be the cookies and creme, a scoop of vanilla and a scoop of chocolate gelato, with two large, warm, freshly baked chocolate cookies with an abundance of walnuts, but the tiramisu is also reliably good.
5	Definitely one of my fave spots in North Scottsdale to grab great dessert and some of the best coffee around. Every visit I've had, has been great. The guys, whom I'm assuming are the owners are always very cordial and helpful in assisting with a new dessert to try out and ensuring my experience was a positive one. I haven't had the opportunity to get a full meal there yet, but the food smells delicious and looks soo appetizing each time I visit, so that's on the to do list for the next stop in.I have to highly suggest the creme brulee- so far it's my favorite dessert item. The plating of everything makes all the dishes look like masterpieces! Bon Appetite!*check out the photo gallery on Cafepino- you maybe sold just looking at some of the pics I uploaded :)
3	GREAT location - right next to the theaters. However, it's not that impressive if your other choice is Buffalo Wild Wings (sorry BWW hardcore fans, but I dislike "bar" food). However, the ambience and attentive and fantastic waitstaff really makes this place memorable. They were very courteous about #glutenfree, which is always nice to see in a restaurant, the wait staff had no issues asking the chef multiple times on different items. They also provided a to-go cup for my friend who loved their Jasmine iced tea. The food was not mind-blowing, but great for a dinner and a movie kind of night. They looked like they had a great wine listing as well. I was kind of weirded out that the salad came with dressing on the salad, but I guess that's just the kind of restaurants I'm used to - the "oh we ALWAYS put sauce on the side" kind of places. My girlfriend really liked the mozzarella sandwich.Would recommend this for sure if you're in the area (choose this over Outback Steakhouse please) - but I wouldn't go out of my way to go here again. Great to know if you're in the area though!
4	I had been to Cafepino for lunch earlier this year with my sister. She liked it a lot, I thought it was just okay (we ordered the same thing, so go figure). I went back for dinner last night before seeing a movie. It was an enjoyable dinner. I told my boyfriend that it made me feel very European. We ordered a salad and pizza from their menu of specials. The salad had sun dried tomato, radishes, fennel, and olives. It was served with an herbed olive oil dressing. I added a splash of balsamic vinegar. It was a nice, light salad. We also ordered some fresh baked bread to accompany the salad - it was delicious and made me anxiously anticipate trying the pizza crust. I wasn't dissapointed. Excellent pizza crust. The pizza was topped with red sauce, mozzarella, proscuitto, and arugula. It was a really great combo of flavors. The service was very good - everyone was very nice and attentive. A lot of people were there enjoying glasses of wine and yummy looking cheese platters that I'd like to try. Overall, Cafepino is not a place I'd go out of my way to go to, but would gladly go to if I'm in the area or before or after a movie.
2	I would give this place one star; however, the decor was nice and the location is handy for a "dinner and a movie" night. (but not handy enough to warrant coming back.....)The prices were alright, I would expect things to be a little cheaper based on a few things though:.The food was mediocre to bland.The ordering at the counter, yet having a "server" rushing around tables like he was in some sort of relay race is just obnoxious..No one welcomed us upon entering, after a couple minutes someone asked if we were ready to order or if we needed to look at the board longer1/4 way through our experience here, we felt like we had already been ripped off.  The food really was nothing exciting at all.  The place itself appears to be in some sort of identity crisis. I mean is it counter service or sit down? You can't be both, it just annoys people.Meh. My opinion...skip it and just fill up on popcorn or leave early for the movie and go some place else... perhaps with flavor and an identity.  Just a thought.
2	(Considering this is one of those places that has two different Yelp pages depending on how you spell it, this will be the same review as seen on the alternate spelling/grammar page)I would give this place one star; however, the decor was nice and the location is handy for a "dinner and a movie" night. (but not handy enough to warrant coming back.....)The prices were alright, I would expect things to be a little cheaper based on a few things though:.The food was mediocre to bland.The ordering at the counter, yet having a "server" rushing around tableslike he was in some sort of relay race is just obnoxious..No one welcomed us upon entering, after a couple minutes someoneasked if we were ready to order or if we needed to look at the boardlonger1/4 way through our experience here, we felt like we had already been ripped off.  The food really was nothing exciting at all.  The place itself appears to be in some sort of identity crisis. I mean is it counter service or sit down? You can't be both, it just annoys people.Meh. My opinion...skip it and just fill up on popcorn or leave early for the movie and go some place else... perhaps with flavor and an identity.  Just a thought.
3	The food here was pretty good! I ordered the creamy asparagus soup. It was DELISH! The bread could have been a little better. It was somewhat hard. I like the overall decor of this restaurant. ONE thing I did NOT like was the layout of the bathrooms,. In the women's restroom the toilet aligned perfectly with the gap in the stall door... so if someone were to walk in they would be able to see you sitting on the toilet. I was thankful enough that nobody walked in.
2	Significantly overpriced for very ordinary fare. $18 for bland shrimp and pasta, $15 for modestly sized (tho apparently tasty) pizza. The ambiance is agreeable, but the mean portions mimic fine dining, and prices head that way too.  Couldn't complain about the speed: we ordered and food arrived in 3 or 4 minutes (pizza took a little longer). It's as if the kitchen knew already....  V Cheeky to charge the Scottsdale mark-up when it's not even in Scottsdale. Cafe Pinothankyou.
1	I don't understand why this place is still open. I ordered the endive salad which had nice toppings but the endive was inedible had had no flavor. Also the salad was huge and endive was 90% it. My friend had a chicken penne pasta that I could have easily made better at home and I am not a good cook. The service was overwhelming at first, we were greeted by three different people, then half way through our meal it was nonexistent. We watched a busser service all the tables around us while our server had disappeared. Even a man who appeared to be a manager/ owner cleared the empty plates from the diners next to us, offered them dessert and coffee and delivered their dessert. Meanwhile, my guest and I seemed to be completely invisible. I assume this is because we both had most of our food still on our plates and no one wanted to ask why we hadn't eaten it. Still no server around, the busser finally comes and asked if we are finished, we say yes and he takes our mostly full plates without concern if we enjoyed it. I didn't volunteer any info since the service was so bad I wouldn't go back even if I liked the food. I work in a restaurant so I know the difference between a server who is swamped and a lack of interest.
3	Pizza is pretty good here, but I can't say it's the best I've taste.  Fast service I might add so the pizza was on the table 10 mins after I sat down - I can appreciate that!  Thin crust through a flaming oven; it's a lost art coming back into popular culture - it's good and a must now.  Wine and beer on the menu, not too shabby, but nothing that really pops (not sure bout the $10 glass of wine - sheesh!) This place has a great location - right out the Harkin's Theatre, if you can't survive this location then you can't anywhere else!  I like the ambience - hip and hoppin' with some modern flare.  The tables are rock solid, literally...don't bump your knee into these babies; they are meant to last a life time - enjoy!
3	This place is in a great location. I had dinner there a few weeks ago before movies with the girls.  The restaurant was decorated very nice, but the service was better than the food. I though the prices were okay for the location it was in, but then the food came out and it was not so great. I expected better.
1	My wife and I stopped in to the restaurant after a movie to have a late dinner. This was the first time we had dined here (and the last)! The food was decent, however we found it to be somewhat pricey for what you got. When the check came, I noticed that the price of my wife's entree was more than the price listed on the menu. I pointed it out to the bartender who just happened to pick up the check and credit card. He stated that they are in the process of getting new menus and the new ones with the new prices won't be in until next week. Not really sure how that was my problem. He said he would mention it to the manager. When my CC receipt was returned, by someone completely different, nothing was mentioned about the price differences AND there was no adjustment on the check. I was furious. I called over someone who I guessed was the manager. He was a bald guy with an accent and I am guessing it's the same guy who is referenced in this review  ( http://www.yelp.com/user_details?userid=Tg-Nn5MJzghOHZeZdTakEg ). I told him my issue and he says he was aware, but that we had picked up old menus and the new price was over there - on a chalk board. First, this is a completely different story than the bartender told us. The 'manager' was implying that it was our fault that we got the old menus. How is it our fault, when the person who seated us handed us these menus?  Secondly, how anyone is supposed to know to look at the 'chalkboard' for the real prices is beyond me. What about the people who ate outside on the patio. They couldn't see the chalkboard prices! Anyway, he continued with his arrogant, nonchalant and careless attitude and stated that I should withhold the money from the tip and next time, "if there is a next time" dessert was on him! Excuse me!  As a former restaurant manager for a very highly respected and well known restaurant I can tell you what happened to my wife and me is beyond comprehension from a customer service standpoint. Given that the restaurant is so closely located to the movie theater, their attitude seems to be that customers are a dime a dozen and they don't need to focus on any sort of customer service.  We will never return and I hope my review serves as 'food for thought' for those considering eating here. Caveat emptor!
1	My wife and I stopped in to the restaurant after a movie to have a late dinner. This was the first time we had dined here (and the last)! The food was decent, however we found it to be somewhat pricey for what you got.When the check came, I noticed that the price of my wife's entree was more than the price listed on the menu. I pointed it out to the bartender who just happened to pick up the check and credit card. He stated that they are in the process of getting new menus and the new ones with the new prices won't be in until next week. Not really sure how that was my problem. He said he would mention it to the manager. When my CC receipt was returned, by someone completely different, nothing was mentioned about the price differences AND there was no adjustment on the check. I was furious.I called over someone who I guessed was the manager. He was a bald guy with an accent and I am guessing it's the same guy who is referenced in this review  ( http://tinyurl.com/28smh9j ). I told him my issue and he says he was aware, but that we had picked up old menus and the new price was over there - on a chalk board. First, this is a completely different story than the bartender told us. The 'manager' was implying that it was our fault that we got the old menus. How is it our fault, when the person who seated us handed us these menus?  Secondly, how anyone is supposed to know to look at the 'chalkboard' for the real prices is beyond me. What about the people who ate outside on the patio. They couldn't see the chalkboard prices! Anyway, he continued with his arrogant, nonchalant and careless attitude and stated that I should withhold the money from the tip and next time, "if there is a next time" dessert was on him! Excuse me!  As a former restaurant manager for a very highly respected and well known restaurant I can tell you what happened to my wife and me is beyond comprehension from a customer service standpoint. Given that the restaurant is so closely located to the movie theater, their attitude seems to be that customers are a dime a dozen and they don't need to focus on any sort of customer service.  We will never return and I hope my review serves as 'food for thought' for those considering eating here. Caveat emptor!
1	This restaurant doesn't even deserve one star!! We went to have a meal before the movie and decided to try Cafe Pino. The endive salad was terrible, no taste, and overpriced! We told the waiter that we did not like it at all and he started to argue with us! He said that the other table just had four of those salads and THEY LOVED IT!! Very arrogant. I think he must have been related to the owner, otherwise, I think he would be fired by now. All the waiters walk around looking so miserable, no one smiling, just rushing around. No one came to our table to provide additional ice tea. Overall, the service stinks and the prices are inflated for what you get.
5	This place is crazy good. I love the service and the food. You know when the staff speaks italian to one another you are in the right place for authentic food. The sangria is great!
4	Best service anywhere. Oh and the food is good too!
5	We stopped by on our way to the Scottsdale Film Festival.  I couldn't have been more impressed.  What a cute cafe!  The food was fresh and delicious!  We split a specialty salad and the veggie wood fire pizza.  The prices were very reasonable and the service couldn't have been better!  I'm definitely coming back!
2	I don't quite understand what this place is trying to be. It's like an odd combination of take out and dine in that ended up just being more than I could take on a rushed evening in between films.A friend and I arrived with two others on their way and decided to start off with a glass of wine. While we were waiting, we were pestered more times than I felt necessary given it looked like it should be a relaxing experience and it wasn't very crowded. And we weren't just pestered by one person, but by several. I wasn't sure what role any of them played and the whole thing just seemed annoying and disorganized. When it came time to look at the menu I was disappointed. I was really hoping for more variety. I've been to plenty of Italian places that serve several dishes that do not contain huge chunks of tomatoes, so I know it can be done. Yet, the menu only contained two items I could enjoy, and for what I paid, I expected it to be better.For what it's worth a quick run in to order coffee to go is usually painless, the coffee's fairly decent and the price is reasonable. I just don't think I'll head over for dinner again any time soon.
2	I was given a gift card for CafePino from a co-worker who just raved about the place. So I figured that I would give it a try.A warm Tuesday night, I found the place pretty much empty even though lots of people were milling around and heading to the movies.Grabbed a seat outside and cruised through the menu. I would not really call this place cheap by any meansI ordered the Pizza Procuitto and where the flavor was nice, the Procuitto looked more like Canadian Bacon. It was not thin at all... When I asked the waiter if this was normal he said no... yet did not do anything to rectify the issue.I might give it another try... but only because I still have some money left on the gift card.
1	I stopped in here for lunch with my sister around 1:30 on a Tuesday and we were the only people in there.  The service was horrible, I mean we were the only people in there so it was pretty extreme how bad the service was.  The food took forever so I asked for some bread.  What came out were hard pieces of stale bread.  I got the shrimp salad that ended up being 20 dollars with tax.  And to our surprise on the bill the bread cost 2.50!!!!!!!!!!! I was outraged! I will never be returning!
5	so delicious!  I work right next door. Its casual, but up scale dining. Its a little pricey but it is worth it. I love the olive oil thats intended to dip your pizza in. the workers are all nice and helpful. An italian family owns the resturant. Been there many times with always a good experience
5	The best pizza!  And great coffee and wine.
4	I was there for a lunch w/ a french friend that recommended the place. Like the menu and the place. A little pricey maybe, but they have lunch specials.I ate a pizza and was very good, I also order a cappuccino that they serve exactly how I like.
4	Recently visited for dinner and was pleasantly surprised. The service and meal both excellent and would much rather visit here than any nearby chain restaurants.
4	I've eaten here a handful of times but most recently just this weekend, and felt compelled to review. The first time eating here I got a pretty simple pasta dish, and while it was done well I felt I could have made it at home. I only went back again because I was nearby and wanted to give it another try. The second time, I got sucked in trying a bite of what my fiance got - the lasagna bolognese. My veggie sandwhich was not doing it for me - the bread was extra crusty and dense, and the veggies were extra soft and not very flavorful. His lasagna, however, was excellent - so excellent that I had to go back for a full plate of it myself this weekend. It's a bit expensive for the size but the quality here really shines. Fresh basil on top and cooked within, quality parmagiano generously sprinkled along the edge of the plate, flavorful meat sauce.... and the cheese! It's not difficult to make a lasagna that "people" would like; it's melty meat and cheese after all! But this place puts in quality ricotta in a thick layer that you can sink your fork into. I take my time eating it, and don't feel ashamed or too heavy afterward.I also had the cream of asparagus soup. Not many places have that on their menu so I ordered it on a bit of a lark really. I'm not a particular fan of asparagus or this kind of soup, but OMG it was spectacular. The balance of asparagus and cream was perfect.The prices seem a bit too high, even considering the good quality of their dishes. I will keep going back, despite the prices, and hope I find more gems on their menu.
3	So, as I am in town again, I decided to give Cafepino another try. Not much on the menu has changed... The prices are still a bit steep, especially given that it is summer and there are not that many people in town, but I guess when you are next to the theater, you have a somewhat captive audience.My meal was actually pretty good. I ordered the Chicken Kebabs. The portion was a nice size and it came with choice of pasta or salad. I went for the salad. The salad was a bit over dressed but the dressing was good. I would have seasoned the kebabs a bit more, but you do need to cook for the masses I guess.What really got me was the fact that the owner came to my table to bring me my receipt after I had paid and under his breath he made a comment about maybe this time I enjoyed my meal and would write a better review. He just walked away in a passive-aggressive manner. Shortly after he came back by and started talking to another member of the wait staff about me... Don't forget that some Americans speak more than one language.I have to say that I will not go back... Not because of the food, but rather the attitude of the owner. Good luck
2	Just coming out of the movie theatre and hungry with no clear idea of where to eat.  Cafepino was an easy choice so we wandered in for our first experience.  I liked the atmosphere, cool interior with some really nice music playing, appeared to be well-staffed although not too many patrons on this weeknight.  Service was generally good, seems to be a family run establishment.  One huge distracting annoyance was someone cleaning with a broom and dustpan (how could that be noisy??), but this gentleman successfully clunked and clopped in his cleaning duties THROUGHOUT our entire meal. Management was completely unaware. Not very relaxing.On to the food:First choice - lasagna - "no we are out".  Waiter suggested spaghetti & meatballs and we bit.  We were not impressed.  The meatballs were okay, pasta & sauce not too inspiring, served with several breadsticks and nothing more for $14.  Would have been a lot easier to justify the price if it was served with salad or veggies or something....  Caprese salad - no complaints here and the entire platter was devoured.Homemade bread was offered for addtl $2.50.  HUmmmmm, no thanks.This place has charm and potential but what they offer for the price is no value.  Spaghetti & meatballs (no sides), caprese salad, 1 soda = $30 before tip.  It seems about 20% too high too me.  For a casual stop with movie traffic, they need to reconsider menu and overall pricing.Sorry Cafepino, there are so many other options in the area, I would not be in a hurry to return for a 2nd try.
3	Went to Cafe Pino recently with a friend for Sunday lunch. The location is easy to find as it is right next to the Harkins theatre on Scottsdale 101. The restaurant is quite spacious with both indoor and outdoor seating and a decent ambience. We ordered a tuna salad and a vegeterian pizza with extra topping of mushroom (the mushroom made the difference , I felt, but then again i like mushrooms on everything italian). Both the dishes were very good. The salad was very fresh and had a good dressing and the pizza was also the right crist size and flavorful. Had a tirmisu for dessert which was also good , but not the best I have ever eaten. All in all ..good service, good food and had a nice time. Gave it 3 stars instead of higher simply because I personally didnt feel there was anything else on the menu I was dying to try so may take a while to come back here. But certainly worth a try.
4	I had read so many mixed reviews of this place that my expectations were fairly low.  I was pleasantly surprised by the attentive staff, pleasant ambiance, spacious menu, and tasty dishes.  The only real drawback was the semi-nauseating adult contemporary that they had playing throughout the restaurant.  Not the best Italian in town but certainly worth a visit.
2	I hate to be picky about a local place but I wouldn't go back.  The only thing positive is the decor.   The pizza was super marginal, greasy, and the bread on my sandwich was really chewy. The wine tasted like vinegar for $9 a glass.  My sandwich came to the table 5 minutes before the wifes pizza.  Service never checked on us, restaurant was slow on a Saturday night, except to give us the bill and process the payment.  Hate that.  Really wanted to like this place but wont be back.  Two stars only because they are local.
5	Great food from one of the Co-founders of AJ's grocery stores. Great place to go before a movie and great food.
5	Cafepino saved my long overdue date night. After a bad experience at another restaurant in town, we thought we would try Cafepino for dessert. We were so impressed by the food, the waitstaff, and someone who I assumed to be a manager/owner. We ordered the chocolate hazelnut gelato special and a strawberry tart. Both were fabulous!!!!We will definitely be back for another date night.
1	I have been to this restaurant several times, only prior to seeing a movie.  I went on this particular evening to get a quick bite of what I had experienced on my earlier visits to be rather overpriced, but convenient and decent to good quick italian food.  Thumbs up on the quick (food was out in minutes) but cant even say what I was served was close to decent.  My smoked salmon pasta was in a bland liquidy sauce with clumps of cheese hanging on to the glob of smoked salmon smashed in the middle.  The salad had no dressing.  I asked for bread and was charged $4.00 for it.  I also was charged 5.95 for a side salad which on their menu clearly states 4.50.In any case, what really prompted me to write this review was not the bad expensive food- (my tab for a quick bite was $33!!!) but rather the owner's DISGUSTING behavior towards me.  I told him I had had this dish twice before and this wasnt even close, he merely shrugged his shoulders and grabbed the bill  and money from my hand. Then when the server told him they overcharged for my side, he threw his hands in the air "like I dont give a f- she's not coming back anyway"  The poor server apologized for his rude behavior. I will NEVER go back and I advise you dont either!Dine elsewhere even if its not next to the theater, worth the extra drive.
5	Cafepino never lets us down. It is consistently good. We love the Lasagna and the Tuna Fish Sandwich. The Margarita pizza is excellent as well.
1	Interesting reading other reviews complaining about the rude owner too. It is the main reason I will never put my foot in Cafepino again, apart from the fact that it is overpriced. I much prefer to go to AMC Desert Ridge and have drinks and appetizers half price during happy hour at the Yard House, where the manager is welcoming and cares about his customers.Eight of us went to movies and had dinner at Cafepino last month. The food was okay but I had to cancel dessert because it took so long to arrive and our movie was starting in a few minutes. We were there long before the movie started to have enough time to eat. When we wanted to pay separately because everyone didn't have cash, the owner scoffed at us and basically said he couldn't accommodate us, only one person had to pay. We were all shocked at how rude he was and decided to move our once-a-month movie night to a different location. Good job in loosing eight customers in one fell swoop. Bon chance!
1	We chose Cafe Pino because we were early for a movie.We were confused on where to sit and/or if we order first. We questioned a gentleman where would he like us to sit if we were only going to have coffee and wine. He did not seem happy that we only wanted beverages as we chose a counter seat.The person taking our order ( who I now know to be one of the owners) informed me that the coffee item I ordered is only ordered by men and suggested I have something else. Some of us chuckled as we thought he might be joking with us until he let me know he wouldnt serve it to me.. it didnt say for men only in the menu!My grown daughter ordered a coffee drink with hazelnut.The drinks were delivered and then shortly there after a dessert showed up, we told the person delivering the item that we did not order it. The person called over to the owner who had been hovering between us at the counter and another table, "they said they didnt order it"He came over and insisted we ordered a hazelnut dessert, we indicated she ordered a hazelnut latte.. He argued that he couldnt understand us. He was saying something in a different language that let us know how upset he was. He handed the dish to the person that had delivered it to our table, threw his hands up in the air and said again something in another language. After that he stood and glared at our party .  I do not care how good any food is at this establishment, he was so rude and rather scary.  Its unfortunate that he has a prime location close to a theater that will draw people in for more of his abuse.
5	I sat outside with my boyfriend. we had great service from everyone. I got the ham& swiss omelette, he the cordova omelette. They were delicious. We liked the ambiance and food so much, we went back two weeks later and plan on adding it to our regular breakfast spots.
1	A couple friends and I came here after seeing a movie.  We quickly looked over the menus that were outside before we went in.  Since it was a Sat, they had brunch until 4 pm.  We were seated at a table and given all the menus except the brunch menu.  After a few minutes, the employee returned and I asked if we could have the brunch menu which we saw outside.  He seemed annoyed, but returned with a couple brunch menus.  We were not "served" by the regular wait staff.  This was either the owner or manager.  He did not have on the same uniform as everyone else.  After several minutes, he came back to take our orders.  Two of us ordered french toast, the other two decided to split a pizza.  The server then asked if they would like a "side salad" to share.  They agreed.  I ordered a cappucino in addition to my french toast. The food came out relatively quickly.  The french toast was excellent and from what I could tell, my friends really enjoyed the pizza.  The server did not return at all during the rest of our stay.  My friends were out of water and noone ever came back to refill.  We finally flagged down our server for the check.Once the check came, we all were shocked!!  My cappucino was $6!  That was a $1 less than my entire meal!The two friends that split a pizza, realized that they were charged $12 for what they thought was supposed to be the $4.95 side salad from the menu.  My friend did address the issue with the cost of the salad with the server who then proceeded to ask, "well did you eat the entire salad?"  After some conversing, they agreed to reduce the price to the $4.95.  We were just digusted with the overall lack of service. and even though the food was tasty-- it was completely overpriced for what you actually got.    We paid our bill, left and do not plan on ever coming back.
4	I enjoyed a few glasses of wine on the patio one evening while waiting for a friend. However, I was disappointed they didn't inform me of the 1/2 price bottle night. The sign was on the table, but I'm surprised with how slow they were they didn't give me the verbal offer as well. My friend and I ended up taking advantage of the 1/2 price bottle upon her arrival. We also ordered a margarita pizza. The waiter asked if we wanted garlic on it. He said it's very good with garlic. It should be the best garlic ever cuz we got upsold and charged 2$ extra for adding the garlic! Overall, I would return b/c I really enjoy the atmosphere!
5	Okay peeps. It's been long coming. Cafepino finally gets a five star rating from us after announcing a free wifi rollout in their european style locale next week. Very refreshing after getting tired of all our franchise places. It's time for you workaholics to leave the beaten path and settle in to your new home. Bring your laptops and share the buzz among only your closest friends. I don't want to regret telling you and winding up not getting a (hot) spot anymore ;-)I just heard that they have breakfast now on Saturdays and Sundays until 4:00 PM. My kinda peeps :-)
3	Ok place.  Not enough cheese on the pizza, crust is ok, but I like the sauce a lot.  I rather have Pizzeria Bianco
5	Awesome!  Pizza rocks!  Pasta is great homemade stuff.  Really different than pretty much Italian type restaurants.
2	Came here for lunch today and the place was dead. We should have left but we decided to stay for lunch because we were starving. I have to say that Cafepino wasn't the first place we wanted to eat at today, we went to TeaLight Cafe but had to leave because it was PACKED OUT and there were no tables, hence our decision to eat at Cafepino. We sat down only to realize how expensive this place is!!! Holy cow, I mean come on, not even a "lunch special menu." I can't imagine spending $15 for pasta at lunch time. We did order a pizza which was good, we shared.This place has potential if they offered LUNCH SPECIALS! There are tons of office buildlings across the way and I can't imagine why this restaurant shouldn't be packed out at 12:30 on a business day.And we should have checked the price on the old ice tea they served, $3.00, YIKES.Kids menu was priced high too, $7 starting.We will not be back, sorry.
4	Super yummy food. Great service! We had the large meat and cheese platter even though we are not regular meat and cheese eaters. It was fabulous. Several types of salami and prosciutto and cheeses served with a very delicious crusty bread and excellent fresh fruit. At $28+, it looked expensive, but for a very enjoyable meal for two it was a bargain. I also had a side salad with was great. I loved the quality European style service and attention we received. I will be a regular at Cafepino!
5	Great tasting pasta, but the wood fired pizza is out of this world good.  Everything is just fresh and good.  Service is always excellent and the staff are very friendly and attentive.  5 stars all the way!
4	Only been once so more of a full review will follow.  I was waiting for a movie and got an espresso because I'm C&C, yeah that's right, cultured and classy.  Coffee was very good, menu looked great as did the actual food I saw people eating around me while I was staring creepily.  The overall place feels pretty legit too, the waiter had an Italian accent which reminds me of the old country ( I've never been to Italy but I've seen The Godfather and they sound like this guy).  Either way I was impressed def gonna go back, also they have biscotti the side of a loaf of bread here! BADA BING!
5	Cafepino is awesome!  Don't wait to try this wonderful bistro when you see a movie like we have. This place is like you are in a European /New York/San Francisco eatery.  The staff is always at your table, the owners are like the captains of a ship wanting you to enjoy your experience. Hats off to the owners for this excellent find!   The pizza, salad and ceviche was over the top!!!
4	Cafepino is great food and atmosphere.  The asparagus soup is the most flavorful I have ever had. I also ordered their homemade pasta with a custom pink sauce with chicken and I can't stop dreaming about it. Delicious!!!!  I got pizza as well and it was average, not a huge fan of their dough and crust but still okay. I would recommend this cafe. I go there every time I see a movie at the theater which is next door. They also love horses and have a small family atmosphere which is fun when you get to know them. Enjoy!
2	Stumbled upon cafepino after the movie. We should've kept on walking!  It took a while to get seated, even though there were empty tables. No one acknowledged us at our table for 10 minutes.  Finally we ordered pizza and waters. The pizza came way before the waters.  No one asked us how our meal was. We had to flag down the one waiter to get the check. We won't be back!
4	Had an excellent salmon fettuccine, and a delicious eclair slice. The decor was very trendy, and the selection of coffees was very nice.  The only regrettable thing was that my mom got the home made lemonade.  Is in you pour water and sugar into lemon juice.  Good concept, but it was too sour for me.  Other than that the experience was very pleasant, and we even got a little chat from the owner.
4	I really do love Cafepino. the servic e for one, is excellent. the owner, a polite Frechman, is always there to greet his customers and to oversee his business, which in this economy is the watermark of a good business owner. He is also very helpful when it comes to menu decisions. The wait staff, however, is a little lackluster. They simply bring your food, and then leave, and make little to no conversation at all. I've never had complications/bad experience at Cafepino, and the only problem is perhaps their waitstaff. The food is excellent. A little pricey, but good nonetheless. Usually while I'm there, I get this creamy tomato sauce penne pasta dish- I can't remeber exactly what it's called, the Ceasar salad- which is fresh, crispy, cold and has the right balance of cheese/lettuce/dressing, or the pizzas, which are best when they are cooked crispy! The atmosphere is cozy but modern, and is a good place for date night, or simply just a night out. If you're willing to pay a tad more for some good food, then Cafepino is worth it!
4	This is the first time my family has completely different opinions about the food. I personally love there thin, crunchy  style pizza. However, for rest my family it was too thin and the crust was too crispy. If you like thin crust pizza then you should definitely try this one.
4	When was the last time your table was bused between courses in any restaurant?  I mean -- wiped down, new utensils, napkins, etcetera?We came here last week, after going to Cine' Capri. We searched Yelp for a nearby restaurant, to try something different and came across Cafepino.  It didn't register to us at all and we thought we knew the area. As we were leaving, we noticed it on the left. Could it be Cafepino?  Because of the dark tinted windows and trees, we've always walked past it and never thought to go in. Stupid, because 'Pino is a special kind of place.The family that owns and runs 'Pino is from France. In fact, the original restaurant was started in Paris in 1958 and is still going strong. As I mentioned, it was the busing of tables that started a conversation with one of the owners. As we came in and looked at the posted menu, he encouraged us to stay in a Gallic sort of way, and we're glad we did!We ordered their 'Pino Garden Salad ($9.00) that came with a flavorful light balsamic vinaigrette that was just right.  When we ordered, we told them we were going to share and without instruction, two plates were brought along with the salad. I know this might appear minor, but it gives you an idea of their professionalism. The wait staff is a ever watchful tag team effort. Very French!As we were finished, two employees cleaned our table and our pizza arrived.  The Margherita ($14.00), was very good.  We ordered it half garlic for a $2.00 up-charge. Next time, we'll try the 'Pino's pizza with black olives. That's what the table next to us had and it looked good!When the bill came, we thought we were getting away with something special, since it was only $25.00, before taxes and tip.  I've noticed on the bottom of the check, it says: "CAFEPINO, it's something else!"  We would agree.  It also teaches you to search Yelp, even when you know an area for new places. If we didn't, we would of turned right to our car, and not left. In the process, we would have missed a great little restaurant.  We'll be back. Enjoy!
2	I was seeing a movie Christmas Day and nothing was open except Cafepino so my sister and I decided to grab a quick bite. We looked at the menus outside and saw a sandwich for $11.95. We ordered it to go, and it was actually $13. The French cashier asked her if she wanted it "with or without cheese", his exact words. She said with cheese. The total was over $16. It turns out the cheese is $2. The guy didn't even say "do you want to add cheese" or mention the cost. Then he got really pissy when she didn't want to pay for the cheese because he'd already rung up the order and didn't know how to process a refund. Nevermind that he could have processed the refund later and then re-rung the order, he didn't think of that. He took out his wallet and gave her $2 cash, saying "Merry Christmas" but not in a friendly way. Then I ordered my sandwich, the same thing.It was a roasted veggie sandwich with olive tapenade, according to the menu. It also came with a small portion of fries and mini side salad. There was some kind of mayo/dressing on it, and a few tiny pieces of olive tapenade - not even one whole olive. Clearly, they didn't forget the tapenade, they are just cheap. Whatever the white stuff was (mayo/dressing), it was pretty flavorless. And without tapenade, the sandwich was very bland. My sister and I had a good time laughing at the food and the service! It was pretty funny.Some of the staff here were friendly. Unfortunately our older French cashier was really rude and got pissed with us simply because he either forgot to mention the extra $2 or was trying to sneak it in. $13 is already a lot for a sandwich...I've had much better sandwiches at Quiznos. They might get some easy business from theater goers but they need to re-think their menu, pricing, and service here. I am not planning any future visits to Cafepino and somehow I think I'll be okay.
2	Stopped in to kill some time for a glass and an appetizer whilst waiting for a movie time. Found the place overpriced - $18 for a grilled vegetable plate of no particular distinction. Really? Service was of the Lower-East-Side-of-NY variety, brusque and a little in your face. Not a pleasant experience.
3	Stopped in to get a hot chocolate before the movies.  I asked for it without whip cream...it came with whip cream.  Oh well.  I drank as much of it as I could but it was too sweet.
5	Imagine what it would be like to eat an authentic french dip sandwich....A thin bread roll cooked to crusty, dark brown perfection in a brick oven, its crumb moist and chewy. Beef that's neither chewy or fatty, nor with any hint of gristle. Caramelized onions that add just the right amount of flavor.And all of this this topped with mozzarella cheese, delicious, authentic mozzarella cheese in the correct proportion to the meat...not so much as to create a chewy glob, yet enough to add even more flavor to an already delicious treat.Now add a flavorful au jus that doesn't rely on salt for its too too delicious taste.It's a fucking miracle this sandwich.A real life miracle.I've never experienced a french dip as heavenly as Cefepino's, making me conclude how one day when I decide to fuck-it-all...no longer eating sensibly or exercising, I'm going to live out the remainder of my days eating these things until I swell like a tick, pop and keel over.The service was highly attentive with a variety of new faces stopping by every few minutes to fill our glasses, wipe down the table between servings, or provide information relative to the menu choices. One of the servers even provided the background of the restaurant, which we learned has a long and storied history in Paris.The house chianti paired splendidly with my minestrone and french dip.A small (quarter sized) ramequin of horseradish was also served with the meal, it was slightly creamed and had a mildly strong flavor, in a word, supreme.Overall, this was an extremely pleasant dining experience.If you're a French bread aficionado and, you live in Phoenix Metro where you know there just aren't that many places to get hard crust, oven-fired breads, you have another option....Cafepino.Cafepino in my opinion is definitely a standout in the lineup of mediterranean eateries here in Scottsdale.
2	Without going into all the details lets just say the experience at Cafepino is underwhelming, the food is extremely under seasoned, the service/servers can be a little abrasive, and for what it is, in my opinion overpriced...especially when you are told one thing and get a bill for something else.  The one thing it has going for it is for the fairly good atmosphere.
1	2 drinks, one salad, one bread and one appetizer for $60. Are you kidding me. A small dinner portion salad, ceviche that dis not have marinated shrimp and 2.50 for a small bread. We are used to pay for great food and small portions but not small salads by a movie theatre. No wonder the owners are just hanging out and the place is not as busy for a Friday night. Shame on you for treating your customers like this.
1	Went in ordered a pizza. Waiter asked me if I wanted garlic, I said sure. Got the bill $2.00 added to the bill, Pathetic, -  pizza was very average - Sande s.
4	A friend and I wound up at the wrong movie theater and decided to eat dinner instead.  Since Cafepino is right there, we decided to go right in.  I am glad we did.  We both had salads, which were good.  I had the roast chicken and fries and felt as though I was in Paris.  My friend had the steak au poivre and fries and liked it.  It felt very French to me, which was very nice.  The service was good, too.  As was the lemon merengue pie.  I would go back.
3	The food quality was great, minus perhaps a bit of under-seasoning on the chicken. The owner/manager was a very nice and accommodating frenchman. However he was moderately pushy to get us to stick around when we walked in and just explained we were scoping out the menu first (due to dietary restrictions). He explained to us the 'special' salad and that it "came with chicken or shrimp, our choice."As stated, the food was delicious, however to my surprise, 2 salads and 2 iced teas equated to a $48 check. The chicken was an additional charge per salad and they must be very proud of their tea.in conclusion, overpriced for what they are. Deceptive in how they explain menu options to you. But, on the upside, their food is very good.
5	After reading the reviews from whiners complaining about the prices and service at Cafepino I had to update my review. First of all, the service at Cafepino is better than I have experienced at most restaurants, not only in the valley, but in most of my travels in the US and abroad and at any price point. The staff are mostly charming French men (what's not to like about that?) and they are incredibly attentive, efficient, but not intrusive. I have never experienced a negative attitude or  anything but a warm welcome from the staff and proprietor. As for the prices, yes they are on the pricey side, but all the food is incredibly high quality, fresh and completely made in house, including the pasta and desserts. The owner will whip up a special "house" salad on request to perfectly complement your entree. Last night he surprised us with the Monte Carlo...fresh greens, still warm roasted veggies and a light dressing with flavors to die for. This is not the type of establishment one goes to if they have to pinch pennies. If you want a bargain for your family of four go to a chain restaurant with dodgey ingredients, tasteless food, zero atmosphere, poor service and guaranteed heartburn. Cafepino is fine casual dining and priced accordingly.If you want a nice dining experience for a date night, casual lunch with friends or just a great glass of wine and dessert after a movie, Cafepino is the place to go.
4	Cafepino is a marriage between French and Italian cuisine. It borders the Cine Capri Theatre. The main dinning room is spacious with the tables reasonably spaced apart so you have some privacy and elbow room. They have a glorious outdoor patio with small trees and greenery climbing the trellises on the perimeter of the patio. The lighting at night is perfect for enjoying a meal. This is a great place for date night.The restaurant that we decided to go to on the Saturday night before Easter in Phoenix was closing at 7pm (who does that?), so we decided to head back home to Scottsdale for Plan B. We decided to try Cafepino out since the Yelp reviews were so good. My wife and I really enjoyed our meal as we dined al fresco. The outdoor dining area reminded me of Van Gogh's painting "Cafe Terrace Arles". The service was perfect. I had the french dip with au jus, french fries and a salad. All of this was served on one plate. The salad was lightly caressed with salad dressing with mainly greens; it was fabulous. Although the fries were not my favorite, they did the job. The French Dip was perfect as their homemade bread added to the flavor of the meat and au jus. I would definitely order this entree again.
4	I haven't been to this place in several years since I moved away from it down to my beloved Tempe but it is still as good as I remember. I didn't have a full meal but instead shared a bottle of Malbec from Argentina and a cheese plate while attending the Phoenix film festival and it was lovely. I love the ambience and the owner and wait staff are wonderful. If I lived closer, or if it was on the light rail, I would probably go more often but location is everything. If you live out in North Scottsdale this place is definately worth checking out. :-)
2	Right next to the movie theatre so convenient to grab a bite before or after. I wanted to try the pizza because of their wood burning oven. Unfortunately I was told as soon as I walked in the door that no pizza being served that day. I found this odd due to the fact it was Saturday and more than half of their menu is pizza. I decided to try their Caprese sandwich.  It was decent but not worth $12. My server seemed less than enthusiastic to be there and did not make me feel very welcome. Didn't even say thank you or goodbye even though I walked right past him as I was leaving.They do however appear to have a rather extensive coffee and dessert menu that I will be going back to check out. I was just so turned off by the poor service I had to get out of
4	Awesome food! Great Service.
5	The best thin crust pizza in the valley
1	My two girlfriends and I went to try this place before a movie. We were only interested in coffee and dessert. After we were seated the waiter handed us a menu and listed off the desserts. We all ordered small espresso beverages. I asked for a chocolate latte which was not on the menu. When the second waiter came by he brought our drinks: two large drinks and a small hot chocolate. I said that I wanted espresso in the hot chocolate as I had asked for a latte. He seemed displeased and insisted that this was what I had ordered. I asked him if he wouldn't mind putting a shot of espresso in it. He said nothing and walked away with my drink and returned the same drink with a shot of espresso floating on top. We then ordered "gelato" which turned out to be a very disappointing selection of freezer burned ice cream. I asked the waiter if they made the gelato in house. He said no so I asked what company he got it from to which he did not know (this guy turned out to be the owner) , I then asked him if it was just ice cream and he walked away without answering me. When we brought up that it was freezer burned the first waiter (owner) said we would need to pay the bill but we could just not leave a tip if we wanted to save 15-20%. He completely dismissed all of our complaints and inquisitions on top of being rather snide. I would not suggest this place to anyone unless you are looking for bad service in a restaurant where the waiters do not know English well enough to distinguish your order correctly. I love eating at restaurants with a European feel and authentic attributes, however, my experience here left me feeling accosted and demeaned. I will not be returning to cafe pino, ever.
1	Cafepino takes every opportunity possible to inflate your bill.  Our server asked us if we would like bread brought to to the table and then added $2.50 to our bill for it.  The specials were read to us.  I ordered the salad that was on special that was described as, "Mixed greens topped with  warm grilled seasonal vegetable and chicken breast.  Imagine my shock when I received the bill and was charged $19.50 for salad!!  I was billed $15.00 for salad and an additional $4.50 for the chicken!   I went in for a quick bite with my two kids before a movie and ended up with a $75 bill!!!  Will never go back.
5	We go here for lunch every time we visit my Mom in Arizona.  We always get the same thing because we love it so much.  The Asparagus Soup to start and also a Cesar salad.  Then we get the 4 cheese pizza and my mom makes her own combo pizza.  It is so good.  It is Italian pizza if you like that style.  It is just hard to find it made like this anywhere.  Can't say much about anything else there, but if you go this route you will be very happy.
1	Disclaimer: I am not one to complain publicly but I must share because what I'm about to say was really THAT bad!I had the most horrible restaurant experience of my life!! I was overcharged by $10 and brought the wrong food 2 times; when I brought it up to the owner I was yelled at, had a finger in my face, was told I could save 20% off my bill by not leaving a tip and refused to address my concerns!! The owner was rude, obnoxious, demeaning, and singlehandedly earned a Cafepino hater for life! DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME ON THIS BUSINESS, unless you're into public humiliation and disrespect!!!!!
5	I really liked the pizza, salad, and fettuccine. Towards the end I loved the sorbet ice cream. It was a mixture of cherry, vanilla, and chocolate. It was very different. The service was really good. All the waiters filled my water up when it was half way. They weren't those annoying waiters they ask you every 2 seconds if you need something. Since it's so close to lifetime fitness I might as well go there after the gym!
4	I've always wanted to try this place because of all the good reviews from yelp. So we decided to try it. When I first walked up to the entrance, I was a little tentative and not sure this was the best idea. We tried it anyways and i wasn't disappointed. We were seated right away. The owner was our server and had I had a hard time understanding everything he was saying but the food he was describing sounded very good. He was a little pushy but not sure if this was part of his European background or what. He wouldn't tell us all the special but would only ask us which specials we were intrested in. Sort of strange but he had a long list of specials. He told us that he was going to take care of us and give us a really good meal. He was right. We had the salad Monaco with grilled chicken and asparagus. This was very fresh with the chicken cooked just right. Tender and juicy. To top off the salad we had the Napolitana and Calabria pizza. Thin crust, fresh ingredients, excellent sausage and 7 pieces for each pizza. One of the best pizza I had in the valley. We topped off our dinner with a chocolate eclair which was out of the world. I'm used to eclair being like a donut but this was like a slice a pizza. Creamy with hard chocolate on top. I would have to say that the food was really good and comparable to another top Italian restaurant in San Francisco North Beach area called BaoNecci Restaurant. The price was a little steep but comparable to BaoNecci.The service was excellent and friendly. They kept on filling our water cups and would take our empty plates once we were done. They also wiped down our table and made sure it was clean. My wife even asked about the salad dressing and they were willing to tell her all of the ingredients and told her it was very easy to make at home. Surprising they actually gave away their secret.You have to be careful what you order here cause it can get pretty pricy but the food is sooo good
2	Came here just to get a glass of wine before a movie, service was awful. Took 15 minutes for the wine to come after ordering, by the time it came I had to chug it to make it to the movie on time.
5	This place is "tops" when it comes to quality and service!  Located right next to the movie theater at Scottsdale and 101, they are very understanding when you have a movie to make and will even store your leftovers in the fridge for when you leave the movie.I was excited when my husband and I asked the waiter "which pasta of yours should we try"....his response (in a thick Italian Accent) was "oh, not on the menu", asked us a few questions, and returned with a pasta dish from heaven - all made from scratch I'm positive.Definitely one of the best restaurants in the area....try and enjoy anytime - you won't be sorry!
3	I might try this restaurant again, because I love fresh pasta, but on my only visit, the lasagne apparently was placed under a heat lamp.  How else to explain the hard, dried first layer of pasta.  Otherwise, the dish was excellent, with delicious sauce and other layers of pasta much,much better.
5	The asparagus soup is amazing. Sandwiches as good as Pane Bianco. Any chance a second location could be put in Ahwatukee/Tempe?
2	Tonight was the second time I've been here. The first time we were the only ones in the restaurant. We had a party of 8. The food was good but when the bill came, all the meals were 5 cents higher than on the menu. I know 5 cents, no big deal. Its the principle!  We were given the excuse that the prices went up but the new menus weren't in. Did I mention there were four different menus?  Then, they were cleaning to close all around us as if to say we would like you to leave. So I decide to give them one more chance. Here we are, two weeks later with another group of 8. Again, the food was fantastic but one of the girls was charged $1.05 extra and another was charged for an item she never got and again, we were all charged the extra 5 cents, per item!  To top it off, the temperature in the restaurant was about 80 degrees. We were all sweating bullets. It's too bad.  We loved the atmosphere and food but the owners are not what I'd call warm and fuzzy by any means. We will not be going back to Cafe Pino again. There are too many warm and inviting places to take our regular biweekly group.
2	What a bummer, service was minimal, food was eh.  I had been to Cafe Pino once before and after tonight, I won't be coming back. Came in for dinner with a girlfriend.  I met her there and got there about 15 min early so I decided to sit down in a booth.  The restaurant had one party inside and 2 on the patio. Place was dead.  Well, it was a Wednesday night.  The booth seats are close to being ripped apart.  They were all cracked. Glad I was wearing jeans, if I was wearing a skirt or shorts I know that seat would have been uncomfortable.  So I was seated by an employee and waited for 12 minutes to get someone to come to my table to ask if I wanted a drink or water.  My friend showed up and a it took another 5 minutes for a server to come to the table to see if she wanted a drink. She ordered a glass of wine.... Oh, they are all out of that kind.  It's a Wednesday and the place is empty, how can you be out of a certain kind of wine?!  We were given 2 menus.  One was the specials that was a front and back laminated that looked to be printed with a home printer in Times New Roman and the other menu looked to be professionally printed.  It was just confusing.  My girlfriend had been there a couple of times before and these specials were the same ones.  We did get bread with oil and vinegar.  Bread was nothing to brag about, it was flat and hard.  We both ordered the Pasta Tuscan with chicken. She ordered hers spicy.  Which was not.  But she said she liked it. I enjoyed mine as well.  While we were having dinner we kept hearing this banging.  We looked around thinking we would find a kid making the noise like banging a booster seat.  Come to find out it was an employee sweeping into a dust pan. This was around 8:30  and there were more people in the restaurant.  The acoustics in the restaurant are not great so everything echoes and having this employee making noise was annoying as hell.  He stopped for a bit then he started up again.  We looked at the dessert menu and the server gave a couple recommendations.  I asked what flavors the gelato was and he said it is a surprise.  But if I had an allergy to let him know. We ordered cookies and cream, server said its a warm chocolate chip cookie with ice cream.  It was 3 hard chocolate chip cookies with nuts (glad I didn't have a peanut allergy).  It also had chocolate, vanilla and a chocolate chip gelato. The gelato was very good.  The hard over cooked cookies eh, could have done without.  Should have been a warm soft cookie to go with the gelato. While we are eating our dessert, with other customers in the restaurant, the employees are putting the chairs on top of the tables. Bang, bang, bang.... that employee is sweeping again. He was sweeping around us , I thought he was going to ask for us to put our feet up to clean underneath the table. Dude!?!?! It's loud, do that when your customers leave!!!! We paid the bill and at 9:40, the lights went bright, ok ok we get it, you want us to leave.  I felt like we were in a club at closing time and they turn the lights on to tell people to leave. 4 stars for the pasta dish and gelato and no stars for service, bread and hard cookies.  Learn to give your customers a good experience!
5	The highlight of my evening.   The sensuous flavor of our meal rolled onto our tongue as we devoured every morsel. If you have not tried this place,   give it a go.  I loved the atmosphere,  attentive staff and oh I can't forget the food.  Oh the food...MMMM.Love love love this place!
5	I absolutely love the food here! I've never had anything off the menu that I didn't like -- and their sangrias are hands down the BEST in town (and did I mention they have them all the time?!)
1	Lets make this simple...ordered a Caprese sandwich. Bread was so hard we thought we'd be visiting the dentist afterward. Completely unremarkable sandwich. They did, however, manage to charge us $15.95 for that sandwich. If Caffepino wasn't located near the Cine Capri we would've never considered it. We told our server about the stale bread and it seemed to bore him. Not to worry...we'll never be back.
5	Great food. Good prices. It's a great little taste of europe in town. One of my favorite highlights of the place is they always have a new special. And it's always good. Only downside is fighting movie traffic for parking.
1	Don't eat here the chicken smells so bad and they don't even use romaine lettuce in their salad. Glass of Cabernet was from an open bottle tasted so flat! And even when we complained they didn't offer ANYTHING else... $20 salad is better at Mastro's
2	Food was okay, but staff is RUDE. Still trying to figure out how I was charged $15 for what should have been $8.95 as lunch special. A bowl of mediocre pasta for $15? Definitely not worth it.
1	The owner is a thug.  They upsell on everything, if you order a tuna nicoise salad they ask if you want anchovies, if you say yes they charge $3.00.  If you are asked if you would like bread, $2.50.  The charges wouldn't be so bad if they told you in advance, but they don't.  The thug owner walks around like he wants to kill somebody, very unpleasant experience for mediocre and not cheap food.
1	Way overpriced. Stale bread was horrible. 16 dollars for the worst sandwich I have ever had. The macaroons were 8 dollars per bag for 7 of them. They wernt anything special. I will never be back. Horrible service.
5	One of my favorite eateries in Scottsdale. Excellent service, 5 star food and so many personal touches by the owner. Try it!  You'll come back again and again
5	Always amazing!! We are choosy, European family. We love this place and how respectful and attentive the owners are. We always get an awesome table, best coffee, great meals. Thank you Cafe Pino for being  so delicious!!;))
1	Horrible service.  They are a bunch of thieves. I was served by the bald guy, one of the owners. He claimed to want to "take care" of me and he took away our menus and made us "custom" dishes. We ended up getting charged a ridiculous amount for some average salad and pizza. $90....I will not go back. Grazie in old town is much better.
5	the best food ever!!;)) We enjoy everything about the place, thank you!!
4	Went for lunch witha friend and had the best coffe and eggs benedict.  The patio seating was enjoyable and even got a little spring sprinkle.  The service was great and the food was tasty.  Can't wait to go back.
4	My wife and I really love this place for dinner or coffee and dessert. The service is friendly and the food quality is excellent. Their coffee drinks truly stand out! It is a great place to eat before catching a movie (Harkins theater is next door) or when you are looking for a romantic date on their patio.
4	Yummy food and good service. I had the tuna sandwich which was a nice change from the normal mayo soaked versions you get at most places.
4	Very attentive staff, great four cheese pizza (thin crust).  Our daughter comes here frequently.
5	Great place, great food ,awesome service and the price was very fair. The world could use more places like this. Everyone that worked here was very passionate about their job.
5	This place is the best. They are quick and have great food. My wife and I visit here frequently!
2	Average at best "Italian" food. Way over priced for the quality of food and service that you receive. I suggest saving your money and going elsewhere.
1	I had lunch there this week-The vegetable soup was good, the salad was okay and the Tuna sandwich was awful. I did not know that they prepared it-tuna nicoise and took one bite and stopped eating it. The server came with the check and asked if I needed a box. I politely said no thank you, I did not care for it. She responded very rude and said," had you told me immediately I would have brought you something else". I said back to her, had you checked on me I would have told you. Then the tyrant owner comes over and starts to YELL at me that he is the only restaurant to make it in this shopping center. His food is delicious and I need to pay for this because it is only $8.95. People were staring at him while he was yelling and all I could do was be embarrassed for him.   I am in the Hospitality business and I would never refer nor enter this restaurant again-EVER!!!!!
5	Delicious what a pleasant surprise. Loved their French dip, latte and chocolate mousse will come back
5	I love this place! We've been coming here for years and have never been disappointed. The service is excellent, the atmosphere is pleasant, the presentation is on point, and the food is high quality. They serve breakfast, lunch, and dinner: at breakfast, try the Nordic Platter and if you want a great wood fired pizza, go for the Prosciutto with Arugula!
5	Have been here countless times since 2009 and have never had a less than outstanding meal. Breakfast is great - mamasitas'chicken, eggs Benedict, pastries. Interesting selection of coffees, too. The burger on their fresh the brick oven is very tasty. Spaghetti and meatballs are well done. Caper zi salad is well done. Service is outstanding.
5	We really like this place. For example tonight the owner comes over to see how we are doing. I say we are trying to decide what pizza to get and he says tell me what you like and I'll make it for you. The food is always fresh and yummy. Love their Sangria as well. Their patio is beautiful, we love sitting out there when the weather allows.
4	The lunch special are very well priced for what you get.  I had the Caprese sandwich with vegtable soup that was very tastey.  Service was spectacular.  The food was prepared with the passion you come to expect from a high end resturant.
5	I have heard a few things about this place from my coworker, she absolutely loves the Benedict.  My coworkers and I always pass by but never really end up eating here, mistake! It wasn't until I was at the Phoenix airport and I ran into a New Yorker and we randomly started chatting about food in Arizona ...and she claimed they have pizza that is comparable to NY.  Well well... I thought must try this next week!  You walk into a really clean and open ambiance, I love the natural lighting.  The staff was very friendly, however I wish they would recommend us dishes more, everyone we asked kind of said everything is just good.  Lots of options from sandwiches to pizzas to breakfast foods.  Now on to the food! Endive Salad- my coworker got this, she is vegetarian and she loved the apple combination with the blue cheese, they gave her two different kinds of salad dressings one was something like a honey mustard and the other was this spicy mustard and horse radish.  The spicy mustard one went well with everything! We dipped our pizza in it, our french dip, and the french fries.  Overall a very fresh salad, the blue cheese taste is really strong so a caution if you are not into that.  French dip-  I really enjoyed the dip, sometimes french dip sauce is overly salty but this was a clear beef broth that was simmered to perfection.  I liked the overall sandwich but I'm a fan of medium rare beef.  This french dip was well done, it wasn't dry though so that was good, I wish they could somehow have their beef with a medium rare option.  Comes with french fries and a salad.  Pizza- The name of the pizza totally slipped my mind.  It's the 3rd one up from the bottom of the menu, the one with the egg in the middle (sorry!).  We got extra basil on top for some extra freshness.  I am a big fan of brick oven pizza and this one takes the prize.  The crust is perfectly flaky and the sauce is not too sour like most places.  I don't want to hype this up so just go try it and see for yourself.  Hopefully you come out as happy as I was.  Overall, I feel like when I'm done eating pizza and sandwiches at other places it feels heavy and I have a super lethargic afternoon. Cafepino does not have that heavy feeling and that usually correlates with fresh ingredients! I am looking forward to trying more things on the menu, see you again soon.
1	My friend and I went  to Cafepino to have a bite of supper before a movie.  We were going to share a pizza & a salad.  The owner was our waiter.  We were ordering the the Marguarite pizza.  The owner said which one ... there are 2 ... one without garlic and the one with fresh garlic for an additional $2.  I said you charge $2 for a few cloves of garlic.  He immediately said "pizza with no garlic".  Then he said I suppose you want water to drink, which we did.  I have never encountered such a rude, arrogant restaurant owner.  As I sat for a few minutes, I decided I did not want to give this restaurant one penny of my money and I canceled our order.  The owner opened the door and shouted "out out out out"  Then he had the audacity to tell me that there was a Wendy's and McDonald's in the shopping center.  How insulting could he be ... how dare he intimate that I did not have money for a decent dinner!  My advice to thisunwise man is not to judge a book by its cover.  Although I was dressed plainly, I regularly dine at many 4 and 5 star restaurants.  I will never set foot in Cafepino again and will advice all my friends and family to do the same.  I suspect he will lose a great deal of business from tonight's episode.
5	Love cafe Pino and their customer service! My favorite pasta is the pasta pastor and tiramisu.. My husbands favorite Calabria pizza.. We love coming here for date night, it's nice not too crowded. It's perfect for a date.
5	Excellent service and food. You can watch them kneading the bread dough and the wood fire oven. The atmosphere is open and spacious. It feels like you are sitting on a beautiful European patio even thought you are out of the Arizona sun. Love this place. We have to come here anytime we are this way
2	I guess they really do have those hidden fees, came with a big group for celebrating and they asked us about the lunch special pasta with a special sausage.  3 of us got the pasta.. it taste just like the 8.99 lunch special however we were charged $26. The sausage it self was over $5.  We were never informed by the waiter. I honestly really loved this place before this but I'm not so sure anymore.
5	I love,  love,  love the homemade pappardelle with tomato cream sauce.  They do their best to accommodate everyone and are always friendly.  My kids enjoy the kids' pizza and they have great cappuccino.   I highly recommend Cafepino.  It's s great little secret in North Scottsdale!
5	My husband & I occasionally go to cafepino & love it ! It's cozy, great food & the staff are very attentive . I'm "obsessed" with Europe so I enjoy speaking with the owner who is from France & very engaging . We were there on thanksgiving & thoroughly enjoyed it , we do not like the traditional turkey , however it was available if we wanted it . We sat outside on the patio & the music was perfect . The pasta dishes are excellent !  We will be going there for Christmas also ! It's our little "hidden gem" .
1	HORRIBLE SERVICE!!!!!!! Went in for a simple sandwich before the movie, was seated right away but ordering that was a different story. Sat there for 20 minutes without water or being able to order, had to walk out or I would have missed my movie.
