5	Took our kitties here after their perverse actions led me to believe that removing their man hood would be a good idea. My wonderful fiancee did all the foot work and found the best deal for us that was near our house. Dr. Katz and her sister were super friendly and treated the kitties like they were their own pets. The cats still like to whine outside our door at 5am but apparently so do the docs. Great experience overall and we will be coming back for any of our animal needs. THANKS GUYS!! ALSO WAS SIGNIFICANTLY CHEAPER THAN OTHER VETS WE CALLED!
5	Best vet experience! Staff and doctor were great (friendly, caring, & skilled)! Our husky wound up with bilateral ear infections and the staff was able to accommodate same day visit! AND they are affordable! We will definitely go back when or if we ever need the vet again.
5	Amazing Service! Love this vet...We got a new puppy and I took her in for well visit and found it was easy to get an appointment and the price was very reasonable! The staff is wonderful - very friendly and accomadating...even when i asked them to cover the scale with a towel to avoid parvo for my pup they didn't blink an eye! Dr. Katz is knowledgable and I trust her judgement. We had to bring a stool sample back for Bella since her diarhea worsened after our visit and both the fecal test and the meds were very reasonably priced and the testing was done while my husband waited! Super Service...will bring Bella back and also bring our cat too!
1	I was very disappointed in Katz & Dog Wellness Clinic.We called to make an appointment to have our Cat's nail's trimmed.And we were told that we could "ONLY" make an appointment between 8:00 A.M to 8:45 A.M. in the Morning - Monday through Friday.I said, "Why is that" ? Your Open from 7:00 A.M. to 6:00 P.M. Monday through Friday.WHY do we have to come "in the Morning" so Early, JUST to have theirNail's Trimmed ? She said, "That was just their Policy".I have NEVER heard of "a Veterinarian Office ONLY cutting Cat's Nail's -Only In The Morning - In a "One Hour" Period.I was not able to make the appointment as I work grave-yard and I goto bed at 6:00 A.M. Katz & Dog Wellness Clinic lost a Customer.
5	Thank you for taking such good care of our extremely neurotic weiner dogs.  Yes, the girls were traumatized by the whole event (a bird flying in the yard traumatizes them) but you were so kind, gentle and loving with these animals.  The fact that you have such great pricing makes it affordable for everyone to take care of their animals.  Thank you for opening on the west side.
5	We are so happy we were referred to Dr. Katz by Amazing Aussies Lethal White Rescue of AZ for the past year.  Now all 6 of our dogs see Dr. Katz for all their doggy needs!  The staff is always so friendly and great with the animals.  Dr. Katz is a wonderful knowledgeable Vet and we have the confidence of the world in her!  Thank you for the fantastic care you give all of our animals!
2	Luckily my nose was stuffed because my sister said it reeked.  We were seen on time but the vet came in never even itntroduced herself-never asked how the kitten was doing, what she was eating or if we had any concerns-she picked her up and wisked her away to do the blood work for the one test I had requested.  I also brought a fecal in and was told they send them out and I would hear this week about results. Some guy brought her back and handed her to me and said nothing.  We stood there wondering do we wait for the vet to come back in and give vaccines?  Go back and sit in waiting room?  Yes, they were busy but it would have been nice to be given some direction and where we were in the process.I had to ask if she had been given the vacs-he said yes the dr. did them in the back room.  I don't like that-I like to see that it was done and what spot they used. to inject in case of future problems.  Then the bill--yikes-we had a charge for a test I didn't ask for--but they do give 10 bucks off for 4 procedures.  So I spent an extra 35 for a 10 dollar rebate.  Will I go back?  Nope-too far for the little bit you might save . Better vet right here in Anthem.
1	Feedback is useless unless it is heeded.  Your comments were fairly accurate-sort of...  The doctor was in our room a total of 2 minutes.  She never talked to me about where I got Lyric from or from whom.   There is no way the doctor came out to talk to me again, that us just a fairytale.  I didn't mean for the remarks to be hurtful, just to enlighten people to check around closer to home as you certainly were no bargain to go out of my way for. JMHO.
4	Just went there today with my Mom. It was a great clinic! Dr Katz is wonderful! The place is very clean. Staff is very friendly. Services are great along with their prices.
5	It always amazes me when other customers have such a drastically different experience than I do.Office is immaculately clean and I did not find it smelled at all....I mean other than smelling like a doctor's office - which I find at all doctor's offices, even human ones.This is a high volume office so there were a lot of other animals there in the waiting room but I found the doctor took sufficient time with two dogs I brought in. Weight taken, temp taken, check out the eyes/ears, general questions about what concerns I may have, what we're being seen for, some petting and telling me how cute they are (and they are, if I do say so myself).The office is very open about the fact that they provide basic care so that they can treat a high volume of pets at a lower cost.  But they were caring and knowledgeable and, quite frankly, not much different in manner to the vet I've been seeing for 15 years.  And they make good on their promise of keeping costs down. Look, our dogs instinctively know where they are immediately upon entering a vet clinic and can't wait to get the heck out of there no matter how many pats on the head they may be getting from staff.  I had two dogs that needed dental cleanings, one tooth extraction and one mole removal.  I have the quote from my regular vet and the invoice from Dr. Katz and I saved, literally, $1700 by going to Dr. Katz.   I'll gladly forgo my dogs getting a homemade dog biscuit on a silver platter if I'm saving that kind of money.I will continue to see my regular vet should my dogs come down with a serious illness but, I am converting to Dr. Katz for routine care.
5	Wonder group of people! I have a teacup chihuahua that is very sensitive. It was a Friday afternoon & something obviously wrong with my girls anal glands and no other vet had time to see my girl. Even tho they are a wellness clinic they saw my baby girl and did the procedure she needed stitched her up and gave her antibiotics. They probably saved her life!
5	Awesome, awesome,awesome
5	Katz and Dogs is amazing! I am so happy I have found this place. I work in rescue and needed a place that was not only cost effective but safe! I asked around and did my research. I was referred to K&Ds by the President of the Arizona Golden Rescue, and after talking with their knowledgable and friendly staff I decided to go ahead and get two of my available rescues spayed. They did an amazing job on both of them! I was so impressed by their facility, customer service, and overall care of the pups when it came time to get my own dog fixed and vaccinated this was the only place that came to mind! I recommended Katz and Dogs to a friend and he had the same happy experience.I work in the dog community and have been in contact with many different veterinary services avenues, and I highly, HIGHLY, recommend taking your dog or cat here for routine vaccines as well as spay/neuter services!
5	Love the attention by Dr Katz and Staff. Most importantly she listens! Her rates are very reasonable and for the service given they are wonderful. I have 2 cats and a stray we feed twice a day. Brutus stop eating so much! Had him "fixed so he wouldn't spray. He showed no signs of pain after the surgery so I know things went well for him. Dr. Katz we think the world of you!
5	Katz & Dogs is AWESOME! I brought my senior pooch in to get his teeth cleaned, and they did an amazing job with as much care as I would have given him myself~Dr. Katz and all of the staff are clearly animal lovers and they treated my dog with such compassion and patience that I actually felt comfortable leaving my dog in their care.  A full dental cleaning is a serious undertaking, especially for a geriatric pooch - Tom was gentle with his exam and Dr. Katz clearly answered all of my questions before admitting Potato.This place is truly amazing and the staff is friendly, helpful and skilled = AWESOME!
5	The prices here are EXTREMELY reasonable.  For 2 vaccines, the exam, and antibiotics my total came to $45.00.  Far less than anywhere else I looked. And I was seen at my appointment time.  The Dr and technicians were all friendly, and genuinely interested in my dog. One of the technicians even came into the exam room just to say hi to my dog. I'm very pleased to have found such a great vet so close to home.
3	I took one of my cats here for a long overdue round of vaccinations. This is a preventative clinic and not a place to take your sick pets, which is fine by me. It makes for a much shorter wait.The clinic is rather small, especially if two or more large dogs are in the waiting area. Staff is generally OK, although only the veterinarian said hello to me. The vet techs and receptionist pretty much directed me what to do and weren't really into small talk. But whatever; I'm at a animal clinic and I'm being too critical. If you just want to get your pets vaccinated or fixed for reasonable prices, this is the place to go.
5	I have three dogs and I only take my dogs here.  This is not to say that there are not other good places to take your pets to, but none that are this great.  Everytime I go there they treat me and my pets like we are their focus of attention.  Their prices are reasonable, and you leave knowing that your pet is always in the best of hands.
1	I cannot trust my precious cats to any pet clinic where the front receptionists are disorganized and clueless! My wife requested a food prescription for one of our cats (previously seen by Dr. Katz).  Dr. Katz apparently wrote the prescription because their office CALLED US and said it was ready.  They told us we could pick it up any time.When I asked for it at the front desk, the two receptionists had no idea where to find such an uncommon, top-secret item!  After twice misspelling my name, they finally found our file on their computer, but still had no clue where such a prescription might be!  Surprised that they couldn't find it in our file, or even had a place to put non-cyberspace prescriptions, I had to ask about the lack of their organization skills.  One of them, still looking around for it, slapped her hand on an empty part of a shelf behind her and said they usually keep things like that there! "Ah," so I thought, "where any little breeze could blow it on the floor or maybe into a trash basket!" I guess putting things like that in a folder or small box never occurred to them.Then the practice manager came out and apologized but could still not locate our prescription!  I'm sorry to seem so hard on these people, but what does it say about a practice where the very first people you meet have no filing system or basic organization skills--like where to put forms or papers to be picked up by clients? I wish this clinic success, and perhaps Dr. Katz is a skilled veterinarian who gives the time animals deserve, but with the chaos in the front area, and the inability of their practice manager who was unable to explain why no one is on the ball, I suspect they are too successful by having more business than they can handle.
5	If you love your pet dog or cat, have some scheduling flexibility, and have a limited budget, Katz and Dogs Wellness Clinic is a great place to go for routine veterinary care, including wellness exams, vaccinations, spays and neuters, and dental care. Dr. Katz is a committed and caring veterinarian with a clean and comfortable practice (not to mention the perfect last name!). We discovered her after a $300 routine annual visit for our three Maine Coons revealed that two of our cats needed expensive dental work. Their old vet estimated each cat would be $450-700 for cleaning, anesthesia, and tooth removal. Ouch. But we love our feline babies, so the dental work had to be done. In researching prices, I found Katz and Dogs, checked the website, and made the call. Routine dental cleanings for cats are $135, extractions are about $20 each, and that includes a pre-surgical exam and nail clipping. Book it, I said. Surgical procedures require an early morning drop off and late afternoon pickup, with no flexibility. Why? Because it allows Dr. Katz to run her practice efficiently and at a fair cost. On our first visit, the cats liked her immediately, and she said only our older boy needed dental work. She examined them both completely, asked if we had any issues, discovered one had an ear infection and treated him for that, and whisked the big boy into surgery. A few hours later, she called to say he was fine, sleeping off the anesthesia and pain meds, and we could pick him up between 4 and 6. Our groggy boy was wobbly but fine, and had lots to tell us about his day. He ate that night and recovered quickly. The total bill, including two extractions, cleaning and antibiotic, was under $200. Payment is cash, Visa or MasterCard, no checks, Amex or CareCredit. The practice is busy and always seems to be filled with noisy little barking dogs. Dogs must be leashed and cats must be in closed carriers. Appointments are quickly scheduled as long as you can work with their schedule. The office staff once misplaced a prescription and that was frustrating, but we got a new prescription at our kitty's next visit and he is now doing just fine. After that successful experience, we switched to Dr. Katz for the cats' annual exams, too. How refreshing to pay less than 1/3 the cost of their old vet for personalized and thorough care. Although she does not see sick animals, she was more than helpful about our older cat's intestinal issues, prescribing special food, and that steroids were an option if the food didn't help. He recently needed more dental work, and once again got great care for about $200 at Katz and Dogs. Our three cats give 12 paws up!
5	I am very happy with this clinic! We took our kitten to be spayed and the office was clean,and we met with Dr. Katz before dropping her off. The cost was only 70.00! I got a price from Beardsley Animal Clinic and it was over $300! They charged extra for everything,including a pain package..what?  Katz and Dogs quoted me a price on the phone 70.00  and it was exactly that,everything included and no extras at all. I don't see why there should be such a big difference in the price for this service. Our kitty is doing fine and we are happy with this office, check them out.
5	Awesome nice low income caring clinic.The staff is very friendly and very knowledgeable.
5	I really loved this place. It was fast and I felt very comfortable leaving my Yorkie puppy there to get neutered. They answered all my questions and really seemed to care. The staff is friendly and the vet is very sweet. They tried to help buddy feel comfortable in the waiting room and have the cutest toys to help entertain.The price was also perfect. I appreciate they included the pain meds in the price and didn't try to add any silly charges. This place is "real", extremely fair, and to the point. Any negative reviews seem to be on things that don't directly reflect the care for the animals, which is why I choose Katz and Dogs. They truly care. It is a clinic(a very clean and cute one), they have certain hours and times for a reason and yes there will be other animals present. Anyways I would highly recommend this place and will be back if needed.
