5	I was referred to Tony by the Arizona Animal Welfare League and the lady I buy pet food from.  They both spoke highly of Tony's ability to work with dogs.  I called him up for training for my daughter's new puppy.  He was very nice, informative and responsive.  The initial consultation is free and the pet training is reasonably priced compared to other trainers I had spoken with.  Tony asks what your goals are for your dog and gives you an idea of the amount of work/training he thinks it will take to accomplish those goals.  He will come to your house or take your dog to another location to work with them.  The added bonus is that he was happy to incorporate my daughter into the training and was patient with both her and her puppy in demonstrating to her the proper commands, techniques and training tips to do "homework" with her puppy when he wasn't there.  I'd highly recommend him.  As a side note, he is used to working with dogs with extreme behavior or who may have special issues.  This is a lot of what he does for the AAWL.His email is posipaws@hotmail.com
5	Tony is one of the kindest people I have met and a wonder with animals. He is so good with my behavior-challenged dog that I boarded her with him when I had family in town. With Tony's help my fiance and I are no longer afraid to take her out in public because she is not barking incessantly at strangers. If your dog needs help, call Tony. He is extremely dedicated to his work and really good with animals. He also works with us to teach us how we can continue to help our dog progress. When we first contacted him I was having second thoughts about keeping our troublesome second pup and thanks to him we are still a two dog family!
5	Tony is absolutely wonderful and I don't know what we would have done if we had not found him.  We "rescued" our dog from a very abusive situation; not in terms of being hit, but, in terms of being kenneled, outside, for virtually 23.75 hours a day for more than 18 months.  There is much more but suffice it to say, she was a emotionally scarred and out of control, behaviorally.  Tony was recommended by the woman we buy our dog food from.  On the first visit, Tony spent a lot of time just watching our dog and talking to us. As someone else noted, Tony does not charge for the first visit.  After about two hours, Tony explained what he thought was going on with our dog, and why she behaved the way she did.  He advised us how much time he thought it would take to redirect her behaviors and how he/we could go about doing so.  In just two months, our dog is an entirely different dog.  We can take her any anywhere, from dog parks to the Biltmore shopping center (a location we first discovered when Tony took us there..dog included).  Tony, too, boarded our dog when we were traveling.  And, Tony recognized that she might have valley fever.  We had taken her to a vet on 4 occasions prior to calling Tony.  They ran all kinds of tests including a barium swallow, but couldn't find anything that would explain her difficulties in swallowing, her limp. and so on.  But, they never tested for valley fever.  Tony volunteered to take our dog to get her tested.  Because of Tony, she is now on medication.  We cannot recommend Tony highly enough.  He is genuinely a wonderful, caring person.
1	idiot cannot drive cuts people off on road and with dog in back of pickup.. jerk
2	My husband and I had the trainer out to work with our two dogs to get along work one another and minor house training for one of the dogs. While some of his methods seemed to be working, we still had some things that weren't really helping. We stuck with it though until our trainer just went missing. After a couple of rescheduled and missed appointments, he eventually just did not respond to our messages. My husband and I have since found a different trainer but were surprised and disappointed that he just never contacted us back after no showing.
