5	Great place to take the pooches to get groomed! Great prices! They put cute little bandanas on them too!
5	Went to Urban Mutts today for the first time to buy some Taste of the Wild pet food...(my yorkie coco loves it)...and found the store to be extremely immaculate and the owner (i think) to be extremely helpful and courteous...i was very impressed with how she helped answer some questions i had...i will definitely be booking my next grooming appt for coco here...after the not so great experience at petsmart...
5	Thors soo fresh & soo clean clean!
5	LOVE LOVE this place.  My poodle never looked better.  Clean, professional and they really treat the dogs well.
5	I've been pleased all 3 times going to urban mutts! They know my babies name.. He leaves there feeling like a total Romeo ... Very clean , prices are actually a lil cheaper then most...
5	Friendly, professional and they make you feel that your babies are the most beautiful and best dogs in the world!  They also do a good job to make them look beautiful.  Highly recommend.
5	Took my Yorkiepoo for grooming at the last minute here. She was welcomed with open arms. The place is clean, & the young lady who helped me was courteous. I found a new pet grooming establishment!
5	Brought my dachshund here to be shaved one more time before the winter "cold" sets in. I normally go to Petsmart as it is cheap and they get the job done. Urban Mutts was the same price, and I get to support a local business.What took me over the edge on Urban Mutts, though, is the conversation the woman was having on the phone when I came to pick up my dog. The customer called asking about shampoos, as her dog's skin is flaky and dry. Rather than a few stock questions, she and the customer started talking about the dog's diet, helping her get to a root problem.I will be taking my dog back here again, and will suggest it to my grandparents when they need to take their dogs in.*Also, they give a $5 discount for first-time clients.
5	Hey N LV yelpers!Thanks for the reviews...I had my yorkie puppy groomed here weeks ago and they did a fantastic job!I'll def bring her back here one more time soon before we move out of the area!-Miss Yelp 2011
5	Very nice ladies. My dog is quite timid and they are always very patient and kind to him.
5	They have awesome grain free and organic food options, and super prices. Staff is very friendly and helpful. Plus they offer a military discount!
3	This place is quite fine, they take walk-ins and have really great rates.  They had my dog shaved down in less than two hours, which is pretty quick for my little guy.  I think they forgot to wash him because he stilled smelled pretty bad when I got him back.  That's okay I just tossed him in the tub when I got home.  They gave him a little hankie and he was wiggling when I picked him up so I know they treated him well.
5	I've brought my Gizmo (yorkie) here several times, and she has turned about amazing everytime! They are always nice and can get her in when I need.  They also have dog food and toys, but the toys seems a little on the expensive side. They even offer military discounts!
3	I'm kind of on the fence about this place. When I went to drop my dog off for the first time the lady at the counter was not friendly. I mentioned that my dog gets red marks when she's shaved too close so to be careful. Cons: They had me pay and tip before bringing my dog out. She had red marks on her belly.The price I was quoted (lower) was not the price they said she should have been (higher). Pros: It's a very clean looking place.Other than the red marks she looked good. They honored the quoted price instead of charging me the higher "normal" price.I personally think that the normal price is a little more than it should be and may or may not go back.
5	I am quite picky with groomers since the groomer I had in Japan was AMAZING. Brought my toy poodle here after reading reviews on Yelp and I am VERY happy with the result. They were nice and very good with Skooter and his grooming was the best cut he's had since moving back to the US 3 years ago. It's the first time in 3 years that he came out exactly how I wanted and I didn't have to take a pair of scissors to his fur myself after getting him home. Skooter will definitely be a regular here.
5	My poodle mix looked exactly like the picture I brought in. She has severe tear stains and the groomer was able to trim and clean around the eye area so well that this is the first time I have seen her without them--a feat not accomplished by previous groomers. She now has a new beauty salon; we will definitely make this our permanent groomer. The cost was more reasonable than Petsmart and my dog seemed to be much calmer and content upon arriving and leaving. She always runs for the door at Petsmart and shakes with fear when we arrive.  Service was prompt for a busy day.
4	This is a clean little business.   I found it from other yelp reviews and I have to say, they were right on the money.  My dogs were cleaned and smelled great.
2	I don't want to be mean... But I was shocked when I picked up my dog (shih-tzu/pomerian) from here a few days ago. I specifically asked for his coat to be trimmed and not too short, and 3 hours later I came back and was laughing at how bad my dog looked. They gave my dog a "chihuahua" cut (to his skin 1/4 inch cut all around), and his teddy bear face was all messed up. At least it will be summer soon, and I don't mind the super short coat...Literally all my friends who came over my house asked me "how can someone make a cute dog into an ugly one?" LOL! Only good news is it's only hair and it grows back, so I'm not over reacting. But literally the worst groom job I've gotten for my dog yet.I guess it's back to a Pets Smart groomer for me.
5	Went there today for the first time and definitely can't beat $35 for a first time visit! My dog is a Pekingese/chihuahua mix, 9pds and she will be charged $37 for the next visit an so on. Affordable, clean and friendly place!Definitely will come back again! My dog Lola wasn't scared or shaking when we entered/exited this place! That means its thumbs up for me!
5	I've been coming here for over a year . I moved across town and I still drive back because ITS WORTH IT ! The owner and all the groomers are amazing everything I ask they deliver no questions asked.  Prices are just right and the food they sell is amazing they are knowledgeable on everything !
3	Upon entering Urban Mutts, the young lady who greeted me was nice, but not particularly friendly. She asked me questions about how I wanted Nacho's hair cut and was very detailed. The form for first-timers (I think) a little more detailed than the last groomer I went to with questions about personality, mannerisms, shots, veterinarian, which I wasn't too sure about.When I was about to leave, I was told it would be 3 - 4 hours, after inquiring. I get out to my car, couldn't find my keys in my purse, and realize I had forgotten my them on the counter. So I go back in and look on the counter with the assistance of the young lady. After less than a minute, she reminded me that I put my keys in my back pocket. :-)Nearly three hours on the dot had passed, and I received a phone call that Nacho was done. When I picked him up, he was just as cute as ever, but he WAS born that way. I do like his hair cut; it was like I wanted. A different young lady rang me up. She was nice, but also not very friendly.Overall, I would not tell people not to take their dogs here, but I am going to try other places before I go back. The place was just kind of bland...not overly good, but not nearly bad.
5	Was trying to find a good place to get my Golden cut.  Took him here and was very satisfied with the way he was groomed.  They matched what we had asked for down to the last detail.  This will be my dogs groomers for a good long while.
4	I took my pit and lab mix here and I was quite impressed. The lady at the front desk was totally great and had them both done in an hour. The man who groomed them brought them both out before they asked me to pay, and my dogs were happy and not dragging me out the door, so they must have treated them nice. We got a bath, brushing, nail clip AND grind(they got them nice and SHORT!), and an anal gland expression..all for $30 a dog. They do offer a military discount. The only reason they didnt get all 5 stars was because one of my dogs belly was a bit dirty still. Her belly is bald and collects dirt easily, so I cant be too mad about that. Overall, I would recomend Urban Mutts to my friends. I will be returning.
5	Place is still awesome. Friendly staff and Ashley does an amazing job on my dog. Best groomer in the NW by far.
2	I've been bringing my dog here for a while now. The staff are very friendly and I can ways get an appointment for her without waiting for days. We use to go to Petsmart but they tend to keep her for 4+ hours whereas urban mutts has her in and out within a few short hours. I brought Lola in 2 weeks ago (Thursday) and in an hour she was ready to be picked up. When I went to get her she was dragging me out the door which she doesn't normally do. I got to the car and noticed under her chin was longer than I wanted so we went back inside. They were so nice and trimmed her up and said they would make a note in her file. When I got home she kept shaking (more than usual) and scratching her ears, I went to feel her ears and they felt really dry inside. Her behavior continued on Friday and then Saturday morning when I pet her she kept crying/yelping when I touched her ears. We took her to the vet and turns out she had 2 terrible ear infections!! They were swollen inside, red, bleeding and pussing! They say it often happens when the inside of her ears aren't fully dry, but the ear hairs were cleaned out so they must have known.I called the groomers Monday to speak to a manager and she wasn't in, so she called me back Tuesday. I explained how frustrated I was that nobody even told me about her ears...and they had 3 opportunities to. She said sorry and blamed it in the receptionist. I think that the actual groomer should have been the one to tell me, and if you forgot then have the decency to call me and tell me. Lola has been on meds/drops for 2 weeks now and it still hasn't cleared. I'm hesitant to come back here now.
5	They were very prompt, professional,  and did a very thorough job.  A complete wash,  cut,  nail clipping, and styling all for under $50!
5	What a bang for your buck. the groomers here do magic they are quite amazing! My babies always come out so fluffy and clean. This is a great bunch of ladies who obviously love the dogs and what they do. I would never take my dogs else where!
1	I've been bringing my pet here for awhile now and had always been satisfied with their service until this past Saturday.  I brought my pet for regular grooming ( bath, shampoo, clip nails on her paws, trim hair around rectal area).  The receptionist said they understood and I was told they're running about 4 hours that day.  So I left my pet and expected to pick her up in 4 hours.  However, they called in 3 hours and I was told my pet is ready for pick-up.  So my kids and I went to p/u our little Zoey, paid & tipped 20%.  When we got home my husband and I noticed they also cut her long beautiful tail which I did NOT request or mention to them!  If I wanted it trimmed or cut I would've told them to!  Now our pet's tail is short and ugly!  I called today to speak w/the manager but I was told she will not be in until tomorrow.  We are so DISAPPOINTED and now very hesitant to come back to Urban Mutt.
4	Took my little boy Hugo, a shitzu/Pekingese  for his quarterly grooming and decided to try Urban Mutts because of the other reviews.  They are busy!  Which I thought was a good sign.  When I went to pick him up the front desk wasn't sure which dog was mine...? He came out looking adorable!  Only thing is I had black shorts on and his hair was all over me...little trimmings!  And he was panting like he was hot.  After getting home and getting his treat he drank a bunch of water and napped...he's good to go now...
3	Took my Yorkiepoo there several times and was overall satisfied with the service as a whole. Our last visit was definitely our LAST, my precious little pup came home completely shaved. We asked for a shorter hair cut, not a shave...descriptive definitions really need to be stressed here. Customer service was always a pleasure.
1	Brought my boxer in a month or so ago for a bath and deshedding.  Not only did they not deshed him he was still wet!!  They also brought him out without his collar and leash. In a dog grooming shop? REALLY?? We got rhem back right away but I'm thankful that he's a good boy and listens very well because there were other dogs in the lobby that were trying to get to him and he just ignored them.. I wont be bringing him back!!!
4	I've taken my labradoodle here twice and liked her cut both times. I made the mistake of taking her to another groomer that was more convenient and when they were done, they hadn't thinned her face or ears, causing tangles soon after the grooming. The groomer at Urban Mutts thinned her ears and got rid of the tangles without altering her appearance very much. They also trimmed around her face, leaving long pretty eyelashes that I didn't even realize she had! Love them! I wish they had an area that the dogs could play while they wait to be groomed, but other than that, I definitely recommend their services!
4	For the most part I like them. I think they do a good job. The staff is friendly. They seem to change the prices on me a lot.
