3	This Lowe's is *not* closed - I requested the update, but I think I might know why someone could think that.I went in to return something I didn't need and do a little extra shopping.  When I got to the return counter, someone was being helped.  When he was done, the only employee in the area started wandering around looking confused.  I patiently waited (yes, I can actually do that on occasion) and finally another employee came up and told him to help me.The return was quick and easy, and then I went off on my search for under cabinet lights.  I spent over 30 minutes wandering the aisles and didn't see one employee that I could ask for help.  They would appear, off in the distance, and then vanish.  Seriously, the Lowe's employees must all be part ninja.  I felt like I was on safari seeking out an elusive and endangered species.  Ever see one of those Twilight Zones about the last person on earth?  Or a town taken over by zombies.....yeah, it was kinda like that.  In fact, I almost ran over to the garden center to arm myself with a machete inc ase there really were zombies....I was just about ready to leave and go to their big orange competitor when I found an employee who saved the day.  He helped me find what I was looking for, walked with me to the section, and made sure I had what I needed.  If I had only run into him earlier, this would have been a higher star review.Overall, their prices are decent if you comparison shop, and it's clean and well organized.
2	They have a large selection, but good luck finding someone to help you.All I needed were some dremel bits, but had to hunt all over the tool section to find them. I had two sales associates walk right past me without an offer to help or even a hello. No wonder Lowes is closing stores, customer service is piss poor! That is why I shop at the Home Depot.
4	Before this Lowe's, I was a hard-core Home Depot fan. The level of service, quality of Merchandies and general location turned me around. I've always been able to quickly find someone who will help find exactly what I need - hard to beat.
1	Why I don't have time to garden today Go to Lowes on way home from dog park.   Leave hot wife and hot dogs in un-air-conditioned minivan while I run in for burlap.  Richard to cashier at garden "where is burlap?"  Cashier points to back of center. Walk back. No burlap.  Walk back to front. Ask cashier to have someone TAKE me to burlap. Cashier makes call. Cashier says no one coming, go to aisle 29.  Richard asks cashier to give him balance on gift card. Cashier states that balance will be on receipt after sale.  I ask him how I know how much I can spend if I don't know how much is on gift card?  He grunts and says to leave card and he will try.  Walk back to aisle 29....wed fabric, no burlap.  Walk BACK to front, ask cashier for manager.  Manager finally comes, states that I need to go across store to customer service to get balance on gift card.  Ask manager if that sounds convenient for customer.  Manager says no...looks confused.  MANAGER takes me to back of garden center and points to weed fabric. Explain to manager what Burlap is. Manager states "It USED to be right here"  follow manager to 3 more aisles before manager stats, "well, it was on clearance 2 weeks ago, were probably out."Go home...water down dogs and wife.  Call another Lowes. Garden center picks up and immediately transfers me BACK to the stores main menu.  TWICE.  Get human on phone; explain that I got spun twice by one of their employees.  Operator says "I'll transfer you now" and sends me BACK to the garden center that has already hung up on me twice.  46 (counted them in time with my pulse...) rings later, someone picks up and answers hardware. I tell him I'm trying to reach garden. He says "He's on break" (now we know why I was hung up on twice.)  He takes phone, walks all the way to garden and says we have a 2 foot by 3 foot roll for $10.  I ask him if it's a 2x3 foot PIECE? And explain that ROLLS are sold in 25, 50 foot rolls.  He says "No, its 2' by 3' roll.  We go back and forth about ten more time while I try to get this person to read the label Finally, defeated, we go to store and find a 36" by 24' roll (note the different punctuation, I couldn't explain that to this guy in TEN go arounds..)  Walk all the way across store to get 1 x 2 x 8 stakes...cashier at LUMBER isn't sure where they keep the LUMBER, and offers to call someone.  Find lumber ourselves...go home...wow; its 6pm already sun goes down.  Lowes:1  Garden: Zero
5	I love this store. I went to go look at water softeners and this guy Jim, was the best, he knew a bunch of stuff I didnt know and explained why the more expensive one was the way to go. We didnt buy it right then but we plan on going back for it. I did buy a refrigerator from the guy in appliances who was also very helpful and knowledgable, I cant remember his name though, he had a shaved head and a beard. Well we got screwed by our warranty company for the home thats another story, (if you want to read it look for Fidelity Home Title on Arizona Ave.), and had to buy a water heater. Jim helped us again and we were able to get it installed the next day. They have got a customer here who will spend the money in their store because of their customer service. I will shop there even if it is more just becasue of the way they treat me. Their warranty plans are also not bad either. I highly recommend this Lowes in particular. Im even thinking of buying a new washer and dryer here too!
3	Lowes.... HD....... its all the same to me. They get a thanks tho for the military discount!!
5	I can't be critical of this Lowe's. I visit it multiple times per week and have consistently pleasurable experiences. The staff is affable and knowledgeable, willing to provide guidance for handymen of any skill level. Not sure what the negative reviews are all about. And as for the comparison to HD, the 2 closest HD's are filthy in comparison but staff at both Lowes and HD are busy bees, albeit often very willing to assist.
5	This location happens to always have what we are looking for. There is nothing worse than going on a goose hunt. We found a kitchen faucet that was on sale and out of stock at the Higley location so we set out to find it at this one. They had one left and price-matched. Our cashier (I'm bad with names) was really great. She was friendly and accommodating and we hope to deal with her again in the future. Keep up the excellent customer service!
3	Two things I notice right away when I come here:1.  It's completely dead inside,2.  Someone really bollixed up the floor plan because the aisles are unlike any other Lowes.I'm really more of a Home Depot fan because its cheaper but Lowes carries items that are higher quality and more unique.  Therefore Lowes visits are a must when doing home improvement projects on a time crunch.  They have high quality items in stock for those who don't have a 7-10 days to wait for an order.
4	This location is easy to get in and out of. Always has a good selection of house plants. Staff is very knowledgeable and friendly.
1	terrible terrible store.....help yourself the homedepot is just few blocks away. I wasted 10 minutes at checkout realizing only store manger can do the price match, but the manger findout the homedepot price on the identical item is $20 dollars cheaper. And after 20 minutes waiting I was told "20 dollars is too much, if there is $5 difference then we can match". I guess this is not on Lowe's "price match" policy......The only reason I come to Lowe's is because I have a few giftcards need to use. Homedepot is always my 1st choice and their sales associate are much nicer and knowledgeable than lowe's. Even the local ACE or Harbor freight are better. To summary:1. They don't trust their own employee----many other place that do price  match (homedepot, petsmarts, bestbuy, etc) allow sale associate to do the match, here only manager can manual change the price. 2. They don't trust their customer. In other store I only need to show my phone with webpage or just a snapshot. Here the manager has to check the price on his computer and check all the item description. I feel I was treated as a lier and get questioned in front of other customer. 3. They do not match their competitor's price,  if the difference is more than $5. So think twice before you goto lowes.
