4	I can't believe I'm reviewing a Carls, but here it goes.I know this is fast food/chain restaurant.  I don't care, cause Carl's is good stuff.  This location is a Green Burrito location, whatever that means, but I think that all it means is that they serve a few Mexican dishes here.I usually stop here at the drive through, and rarely go into the lobby itself.  I usually order the Carl Star, or as of lately, the Breakfast burger, which is tasty.Its fast food folks, but in my eyes, anything but McDonalds is okay by me.  I will return for their Breakfast burgers and Carls Star burger any day!
1	They gave me a southwest burger with no meat. None. How in the world do you make a burger, in which other items, like cheese, jalapenos, etc are loaded on to a meat patty, with out the meat patty? It was not busy at all.  One car behind me well after I ordered. No one at the counter which you can see from the drive thru.  I only get "fast" food when I need something fast. So now, I don't have time to drive back. Nice. When I called, I did not even get an "I'm sorry".  What a joke.  With so many fast food places around and their drive thru usually empty (even on a busy corne)r, you'd think they'd have at least some intelligence.  I guess other people knew what I didn't. And if you go there for a burrito, you will pay over twice as much as you would at Taco Bell, which is one street over on Dobson. Their prices are high, their service horrible, and their food incomplete.
2	I love my western Bacon cheeseburger but it has gone up in price. Also the drive thru is very slow and all the staff can hardly speak English. I once got 3 wbc with no burgers on them! Used to be a great place, but has gone downhill.
3	Stopped here today for lunch with my grandmother. Had a grilled chicken sandwich. and a California burrito. We went drive thru which was a little on the slow side. However our was correct and we got alot of food for the money. The staff was friendly and got our order correct.
4	Had a buy 1 get 1 free sandwich coupon, tried the famous star.  It was freaking delicious.
1	Went through the drive thu, was there for like 30 seconds with dead silence.  I said hello, heard the guy say "one second".  I waited one minute and nothing.  I did some things in my car and looked up to see 5 mins had passed, so I said hello again.  "One second".  I waited 3 more mins and since I finished what I was doing in my car I was ready to drive through and leave, then I hear "what can I get ya".  After the order he barely talked to me, too busy talking to those inside and laughing/joking around.According to the receipt, the cashiers name was Raquel, but I'm guessing that's a chicks name and he was a dude.
4	It's fast food. It's kinda pricey. But it's worth it. Open 24 hours which is loverly. They need to bring back the jim beam bourbon burger. Fries are dopelicious. Yes, I said dopelicious.
2	When fast food is no longer 'fast' food,  then what is left? Stopped here in a hurry and... We deeply regretted it.  Either they are painfully slow, or they were giving priority to drive through customers which in my opinion is totally wrong.
