3	PROS:1. Unlike some other all-you-can eat restos this one serves tuna and surf clam!! Yay!The selection of sashimi is satisfactory.2. They have a ton of other items ranging in ethnicities. Ranges from kimchi and general tao chicken. Very diverse menu.3. Decor is clean, dramatic and spaciousCONS:1. The sushi quality factor was lacking. No wasabi on the nigiri, big chunky pieces of fish, pieces that looked like they were meant to be garnish but were actually for eating, etc. 2. No desserts offered on the menu. OVERALL:-Not a culinary experience but you get a LOT of variety and the sushi is not bad.-Service was very friendly and organized unlike Yangs sushi.
3	This large AYCE place is sort of like Todai meets PF Chang's. It is located in the Place Longueuil shopping mall on the South Shore off St. Laurent, not too far from the Pont Jacques-Cartier. Todai is known in California for it's all you can eat sushi in mass quantities, buffet style. PF Chang's, that Scottsdale, AZ HQ'd Chinese chain, is known for its large faux statues. Sushi Palace combines these. The place is very large, seating over 100 people, maybe up to 200 if you used every seat. The space has high ceilings and is airy, with large columns covered with ancient Chinese calligraphy, and above the sushi counter and kitchen, large Buddha statues on the upper half of the wall. These are not Japanese looking Buddhas, but skinnier Chinese looking ones. Nonetheless, they add to the PF Chang likeness of the massive horses they use in front of those faux Chinese eateries. And speaking of faux, this is faux Japanese, as it is owned and staffed with Chinese. And although it is an AYCE place, it is not a buffet. You sit, get a waiter, order off little sushi or other item check lists, and they go order it for you from the cooks/chefs under the Buddhas. They do have a large selection and variety of foods. They carry most common Nigiri sushi items (except Uni and other more exotics), and some sashimi as well. And they offer other popular Japanese dishes like Yakitori au Boeuf and Tempura aux Crevettes. Actually, they have 5 different Yakitoris and Tempura selections. But if you feel like mixing your Japanese with Chinese, try the Poisson Szechuannais ou L'agneau Mongolien. Thinking about noodles? They have Pad Thai au Poulet ou Boeuf, ou Udon.  They even have on Vendredis et Samedis la Cuisine Chaude, "Boulettes de Pieuvre" ou Takoyaki! And being in Quebec, they offer Escargots Gratines. Oh, and if you want a little flavor of Korea, order the Kimchi! No Poutine, though!The service was actually pretty friendly and efficient, and the food wasn't bad for an AYCE place. Dinner is $25.50, and you fill out your 2 tickets, and when you are ready, fill 2 more out till you're full. If you feel like Asian food but want a variety and you are really hungry, this place is meant for you. Bon Appetit!
3	I wanted to go to sushi plus after reading awesome yelp reviews, but i mixed up the names of the place and ended up at sushi palace. I won't bash the place, because it is a really nicely decorated restaurant and the vibes were perfect for a night out with friendsHowever, the waitstaff and hosts are sooooo silly and incompetent. They literally knew nothing about the menu or bar items. We ordered two long island ice teas, and those things  were damn strong! Typically montreal cocktails consist of 90% juice and 10% alcohol, but this was legit 70% alcohol and 30% tea. I was feeling a buzz before the food even came out. The food was just okay. The salmon sashimi and unagi sushi were the best items on the menu. The kitchen food was better than the sushi options, and this pissed me off because I wanted sushi! not stir fried noodles. There were only four sashimi options, and a very small variety of rolls. I didn't like the way any of the rolls tasted in comparison to the states. They didn't have the typical spicy tuna, or alaskan roll. Most of their rolls were stuffed with rice and very little raw fish. Another downfall is the buffet dessert option. What do you mean there's no ice cream?! What are honey buns going to do for me?! nOTHING! i wanted green tea ice cream, or even fried ice cream! Major disappointment. Next time I am going to try sushi plus, skip the palace
1	Bar none the absolute worst Asian food I have ever had coupled with bad service. I did not tip because I was dissatisfied with my service and experience and the fact that they do not take American Express. The server then argues with me and says I should tip him even though I am not satisfied. It is the worst etiquette to solicit a tip from a customer. I will never return to this place and I would highly recommend that no one else does either.
3	Ok 3.5, order on paper, all-you-can eat..yum
