4	This Crazy Mocha is very handy 'cos it's right across the street from work.  They have wonderful coffee here.  Too bad they're not open later than 6pm.  Worth it if you need a quick cup after work, but if you want to hang out awhile, go to the one down the street in the Cultural District.
4	As far as a coffee chain goes in Pittsburgh I would have to say this is the standard by which coffee chains should be measured. I'll take it over a very famous coffee chain in town with the first initials of it's two syllables SB any day (with the "s" being for what our sun is _ _ _ _ and the "b" being for the for the plural of a cuss word for copulating that starts with a different letter  _ _ _ _ s). Anyway, I digress...Crazy M is not the best in town by any means but good solid espresso for sure.
4	If you're a coffee fanatic like me, you know the drill.  Arrive at work, coffee in hand.  Remove the lid to let it cool a little.  Take a whiff of it, soaking in just a wee bit of that coffee aroma and preparing your palate for that caffeiney goodness.  Begin imbibing a sip at a time.  Slowly resume form of human being.I'm so glad I have both Crazy Mocha and Cool Beans right across the street from work.  I usually like to alternate and some mornings I think I make it from the bus to here on autopilot!
4	Ohhhhh!  Why does morning come so early?  Still great coffee here, and that second cup sure helps me resume the form of a human female.
4	Y'know, you always come home to the basics.After being on the road for two weeks, it sure felt good hitting up one of my favorite coffee spots.
4	I have nothing to add that wasn't covered by everyone else, I just wanted to chime in. They haven't ruined a latte for me yet and are always fast and friendly. My girlfriend likes the sandwiches they have for sale and their biscotti, but being that she sucks at sharing I can not confirm her claims of their merit. Major kudos all around!
3	This place is ok. I got a cappuccino, and it was a little on the weak side. It also had too much milk in it and not enough foam. The barista was friendly. The wifi wasn't working at first, but she reset the router to fix it. I was thankful for that!
