1	On 12/26/11 our 2008 Acura TL broke down in the Wisconsin Dells. We had just purchased it earlier that year. It was a certified used vehicle so it was still under warranty. We called Acura Roadside Assistance and they sent out a tow truck that jumped us so that we could drive to the nearest dealer to have the car looked at and fixed. The closest Acura dealer was Zimbrick of Middleton and we dealt with Shane (the manager) in the service department. They replaced the battery in our car and then informed us that our car now had a check engine light on. We asked if they could pull the codes and tell us what was wrong or even clear them and see if they came back. He told us that we would have to take the car in its current condition with the light on because he said, "It's the day after Christmas and I just don't have the manpower to deal with it.". My Husband reiterated to Shane that he please just pull the codes so that we have an idea of what we were dealing with, Shane refused. We were worried about taking the car as we were traveling from Minneapolis to Chicago and it already broke down on us once. Plus, with the delay of the battery ordeal we'd be getting into Chicago during rush hour. We decided to cancel our hotel reservation that we had for that night in Chicago and called Acura of Brookfield. They said they could get us in first thing the next morning to scan it and see why there was a check engine light on. So we spent the night in Brookfield and that dealer took great care of us! They even reserved a rental car in case it was needed. I just wish that's who we would've went to first. Oh, and I forgot to mention earlier...Zimbrick of Middleton put a three inch black scuff on the drivers side rear quarter panel of our white car while it was in the shop. When we noticed it and went in to ask Shane to take a look at it he became extremely short with us and was down right rude. He implied to us that it was there from before and it clearly was not. His level of customer service was appalling.
1	My radio and navigation system went out on my Acura.   I took it in to Zimbrick who immediately determined that a small fuse had blown.  I was glad it was only a fuse until I pick up the car and was charged $100 for replacing a two dollar fuse.  I complained but got nowhere.  They have since lost several thousand dollars of my service business to other repair shops.
1	The sales people in this place are the rudest I have ever seen! I walked in there and I was ready to purchase a RDX after doing research online; all I needed was a test drive to make my decision. First I was waiting for 30min so somebody would help me, and then when they did they treated me very badly and were hesitant to let me do a test drive. Then once we finally went to test the car, the sales man that was helping me made a comment like - this car was fully redesigned and Acura wants to target young and successful people - as if we weren't successful enough or good enough to buy the car. EXCUSE ME? So because I look young you assume I don't have enough to buy the car? I was very offended and disgusted, since I was very interested in that car. In the end I went to another zimbrick in town and purchased another car. On fish hatchery road they treated me very well, and aided me with all my needs.I am very offended and was never mistreated in such way in my entire life.
5	I love Zimbrick Acura. I love every Zimbrick in the city for that matter. I have never had a bad experience here. I have come here for every little item I needed done and have never felt cheated or had the blanket pulled over my eyes. There have been a few things where I was expecting a HUGE bill for things like the stabilizer for my rear suspension that had been slightly bent. I bought a new one and brought it in thinking well Labor will be $100. Zimbrick got me right in, said it would take an hour, had it out in half an hour and didn't charge me a dime. Another time I have come in expecting to replace all my breaks and rotors and Zimbrick saved me about $300 without having to replace everything. I have worked with a few guys here and they have ALL been extremely professional and treated me like family. The guy I usually go to even just chats with me about cars and such while i'm having service done. (Mainly getting my oil changed). The facility itself is nothing less than perfection, in my opinion, when it comes to dealerships. It is clean, well layed out, they have a great lounge with a Big Screen TV, leather chairs, FREE WIFI, and the best of all... Free Starbucks Coffee. I have had nothing but great experiences from Zimbrick and not just Zimbrick Acura. However, BECAUSE of Zimbrick Acura I expect to buy another Acura and stay with them for a VERY very long time. Thank you Zimbrick Acura! YOU GUYS ARE THE BEST OF THE BEST.P.S. When I was having major service done they let me choose what I wanted to drive while I waited for the day.  NOBODY does that. So I had some fun with a brand new TL one day on a secret "test" road Zimbrick European showed me when I was buying my car just off Rimrock Road.
5	This is going to sound very weird:  I actually look forward to bringing my Acura in for service here.  There.  I said it.  Why? They are extremely efficient, and they manage to make me feel like a rockstar every time I go in.  Now, I love my little Acura--but having a fling with one of the brand spanking new, sporty little numbers they provide as loaners makes the whole experience feel adventurous and decadent.  Even though I'm dropping lots of moulah on a brake job.  And I have to give the car back.
5	Great cars, great sales help. I felt no pressure to purchase anything, and really appreciated the sincere attempt to help me find the right car for my needs. They made the fact finding easy and the process enjoyable.
1	Zimbrick Acura is dirty, just like every other Zimbrick in town.  They over-quote and refuse to even answer simple questions.  It is $125 just to walk in the door.  Acura of Brookfield starts at $74.Hmm.
