5	We love all the play options for the kids, the free wifi, and lunch room!  Very clean play space, sitting area for parents, and a photo studio.  We love to meet here after picking the kids up from school.We love all the play options for the kids, the free wifi, and lunch room!  Very clean play space, sitting area for parents, and a photo studio.  We love to meet here after picking the kids up from school.
5	Clean. Clean. Love this place. You can pay for a visit you are not forced to buy a yearly membership. Love that. Great for babies and 5, 6, 7 year olds. Couches are comfortable. They have wifi. Bouncy house too!
5	I've been trying to find a place exactly like this.. This place is awesome... Very affordable, $10 full day entry fee or $50 for 15 entries with no expiration. Its great for any stay at home moms.hve my nanny take my 19months old baby boy here when i need some down time. The kids can run freely and very safe and they offer snacks that you can buy too. Such a great place. I wish they had this everywhere.
1	DONT PLAY STAY FAR AWAY!!! Its dosent matter how clean a place is to a certain point if the owner and workers are mean and horrible.First problem is they never open on time 10:00 am means you get there 10 to 5 minutes eariler and set up.Because i end up with my son screaming in the back wanting to go in.The last time i said something and they told me to go else where really?.Another problem is the back in the place where there a water fountain is, the floor is a hard title no mats kids and younger kids run back there and can easily slip.So with floor being tile they can get serious hurt i told them that they said nothing we can do.They should have said oh thats not good lets see what we can do.They can get those black mats that they use in hotel kitchens that would work and not cost to much but they dont care.My son had way to much close calls so in my opion i would not take my child there they cant be trusted!
2	This place is just "ok" Yes, the punch card makes it pretty cheap. But, now I am regretting buying it. My son just doesn't play as long here as the other indoor places. I think because there is no "toys" besides stuff to climb on. My biggest fault with this place is VIDEO GAMES. Why are they in a kids play place? The idea is to get the kids out of the house and active. My 2 yr old wants to just play games. I can stay at home and do that.My advice,....get rid of the video games and put in some imaginative toys like maybe a play kitchen, doll house, tool bench, puzzles/book center etc.....Also, all the snacks are JUNK except for maybe goldfish. But, the Plus is you can bring your own.
4	This was my first time coming here and I absolutely LOVED it. :-) It's a small, quiet and fun place to bring your kids for some fun, and when I say quiet, I mean during the weekdays because of course it gets busy for the weekend. I love it because it's convenient and cheap,..in my opinion, way better than Gymboree.It's a $10 fee for one child for all day and if you want, you can leave your child while you allow yourself to have some free time. Or if you choose not to leave your child solo, they do have a lounge area for parents with free wi-fi. The best part too, is that they close at 9p so I like that a lot.
1	The play place is great the kids loved it but the customer service is terrible. One of the  workers criticized me for allowing my daughter to have a pacifier she went as far as yanking it out! Hey I'll listen ur tips but don't touch my kid..I calmly yanked it back. Probably won't be back.. Nah deff won't be back lol
4	My kids love this place. They have a full-size bouncy house! The place is huge and has lots of toys and things for kids to do and they even have video game consoles! They have lots of couches for the parents that are really comfortable, be careful not to fall asleep. There is a separate room just for small toddlers and their party room looks pretty big. I would also give this place five stars if they had organic food options, not all of us feed our children crap.
5	Great place... Perfect place for kids and adults.. US Parents have a large sitting/resting area while the kids play in a very large area right in front of OUR eyes. Unlike any other playground this place has a lot of variety of play areas from jumper to swings soft floor all throughout, and my fav high cielings so you dont feel trapped. You walk in and you and your kids will automaticaly be in a better mood. They also have a few huge pary rooms to choose from. Too bad I dont live here but if I did I would have a Birthday party here every time to save myself the headache of cleaning up at home... I visit from LA and when I bring my kids with me to Vegas I always visit KIDS PLANET I LOVE IT AND MY KIDS LOVE IT.
2	The good - they're open till 9pm and it's cheap (you can buy a $50 punch card for 10 visits.)The bad - everything else. The smell when they're having parties (we were there a few weeks ago - absolutely horrible), the feeling of the place being dirty, how crowded it is and how big kids can just run over little ones. I don't know, I gave this place three chances. Was there three times in different days and different hours and it always felt the same. I feel like every experience was kind of worst than the last (on the second visit a kid was kind of all over my baby, I know that's definitely not the owners' fault but it left me with such a bad taste.)
4	I am a fan of some things about their facility. First, there is always someone wiping toys down with antibacterial wipes. Not sure if that really does anything, but it does appear clean. They have some fun features- bounce house & ball pit, that set them apart.  I am a big fan of this location versus any of the other indoor childrens play places that my son and I have visited in our area. Their customer service has always been pleasant. They are flexible and reasonable. Loved that they are open until 9pm, we usually go after dark when we don't like hanging out at the parks, this feels safer. It's never been very busy when we've been. Then again we've never encountered a birthday party, which I know from experience at other children's places, gets crazy. There's only so much you can do with 25 kids hyped up on birthday cake running around in a small space. The one thing holding back from a full five star is my son gets bored playing in the same space again and again so we really couldn't come here more than once a month, which is why I so appreciate their flexible drop in plans. It allows us to rotate our activities. I really can't say enough for their flexibility, as I recently visited a membership based playground "Child's Play" and found their enrollment practices ridiculous and scam like...we won't be back there, but we WILL be back to Kids Planet :)
5	My son had a blast here. We went on a lazy Sunday afternoon, around 1pm and stayed until 4pm.We only paid $10 for an all day access (unless you go out and decide to come back later, then you have to pay again)I wish we packed some food though, because you can basically pack your breakfast, lunch and dinner and stay there all day and still pay $10.00.I didn't have any problems with other kids, or moms not watching theirs. It was a really good experience for us.Besides, you can't bash a business when that happens to you. The parents are responsible for their kids, not the business.The place is clean. I don't mean SANITIZED but it doesn't have the sticky feel or look to it, and the play sets are not dark or dirty or anything.WOULD DEFINITELY RECOMMEND!
5	Absolutely love this place! Clean facility. Well equipped. Super friendly staff. I love that we can leave and come back. I love that we can enter the facility with outside food! Both adult and children areas are well kept, organized & regulated. They have a great selection of snacks and beverages. *Everyone must wear socks, including adults! I actually did not have any for myself or kids-and they had some available for purchase! Prices are extremely reasonable-especially the open play all day! Most indoor play facilities regulate open play or pop in play times when there is a reserved private party, but open play is always available here even with private parties! They have a great area for smaller toddlers as well as an area for gamers. It is a very well put together establishment. I'm so glad we were able to escape the Vegas heat! We will def be back!!!
5	The staff is great. Very personable always helping the parents keep the crowd under control and cleaning thoroughly. The equipment is in good condition and they have comfy couches for the parents. They have a video game area, bounce house, slides, ball pits and a lot of other play areas and toys. They carry snacks and drinks for both the adults and kids. For the price, this place is an amazing escape from the weather.
5	What an awesome place for a chilly windy day!!!! Tons of play areas for kids of all ages. They also sell snacks and drinks. Great setup for bad weather days. Will definitely be back again! Thanks for being the only place open on New Year's Eve.I read about someone saying the place didn't seem clean. The person working at the time was walking around constantly and placing the ball put balls back in the pit and id imagine he'd pick up trash if he saw it. It didn't smell at all like some chuck w cheeses do. Also, I love the fact that your pass is all day. You can leave and come back, don't think I won't be doing that in the future!!!! Also free wifi for parents who don't hover like I do. Haha
5	Great place when u wanna take the kids out when too hot or cold!! My children love it there!!
