5	Fresh and fluffy donuts, amazing hours of operation, and an unusually nice location make this BoSa my favorite in town.
5	I LOVE this place and can't get enough of it! I've become a regular it seems and their employees are always happy to see me. Very friendly and helpful, they make the experience well worth the while...and of course, the donuts speak for themselves. As I can attest to, they're like crack in a box! Once you have one, you can't help but want more!This store is always very clean and well-maintained. Also, they offer free wi-fi so enjoy surfing the net while dining in their restaurant or just ordering donuts to go. They also offer a variety of drinks to try. I will have to have one sometime on a future visit!I HIGHLY recommend dropping by this location and see what I mean!
4	These are my favorite donuts in Phoenix, which is not saying much bc I think all donuts in Phoenix are pretty bad (compared to the ones you could get back home).  But if you are craving a sugary treat, this is a great place to stop by and grab a dozen for the road!  I always get the Boston cremes, yum.This location isn't as great as the other Bosa locations bc there is no drive thru!!  But there is ample parking in their lot so that's okay....
5	I eat here more than I probably should. The donuts are soft and delicious. I think they're known for the buttermilk donuts, which are a tiny brick of glazed cake. The service is quick and polite. Go here. Only bad thing is that they charge like 50 cents for card payments on orders under ~5 dollars.
4	These is a weekly destination spot after an event at Kiwanis Park and it's a lot "newer" than the other Tempe location. The service is great, quality is good, can't complain
4	Good donuts here.  They have breakfast and lunch sandwiches too.  Service is good.  Nice variety of donuts to choose from.  Big beverage selection as well, including coffee drinks, teas, juices, sodas and more.
4	Sometimes, you just want a donut.When that craving strikes, head on over to this BoSa Donuts location! I know you're thinking, "Been to one BoSa, been to them all!" but not so fast. This one is a little different in a few ways:1) Cleaner and more modern compared to other locations 2) No drive-thru; however, parking is plentiful 3) This location does NOT charge .55 cents or whatever it is to use your credit card. Woohoo! Much appreciated as I rarely have cash, and I'm not about to bring home a dozen donuts. My favorite is definitely the Chocolate Old Fashion Donut. Melt in your mouth chocolatey goodness, especially amazing if you come in before 8AM! Also, if you really want to blow some calories, try the Buttermilk Donut. Don't say you weren't warned . . . so good! Their Thai Iced Tea here is also delicious, and the boba pieces are ginormous. The employees have always been cheerful and patient with customers with large orders. Hit up BoSa Donuts when your sweet tooth is screaming at you - Unlike the big donut chains, it's worth wasting your calories!
5	I took my 5 year old son here and this place is awesome!! I got a vanilla iced coffee and it was delicious. I am very picky about the quality of iced coffee drinks. This passed with flying colors. I also ordered a buttermilk donut, which was like a little pound cake/slice of heaven. My son enjoyed a chocolate frosted glazed with sprinkles and orange juice. We will definitely be coming back!
5	2:30am, late night donut craving hits.... Unfamiliar with the area, my roommate and I scoured through yelp, and found this gem that is open 24/7. Jumped in the car, and easily found BoSa. They had a good selection of donuts, but I was a little bummed that they didn't have anything interesting/innovative, just the regular choices. The donuts could have been a little fresher, but hey, it was 2:30am on a Tuesday. Check this place out when YOUR craving hits. ;)
4	Wanted to see what they had for doughnut selections, just got a dozen doughnuts at Dunkin (Since THERE IS NONE IN THE NORTHWEST!) Anyway, the selection was pretty good here, (although wish they had a Strawberry filled doughnut) The prices here were pretty reasonable, and this places was nicely done, although the parking seemed a bit weird IMO- but they probably dont have much say in that.The lady behind the counter was very friendly and helpful!
4	Too bad it's not 24 hours. They should make it that way like the other location.Well, this location seems more decorated or at least better than the other locations. I like how it's more clean and whatnot. Awesome drinks and donuts here. You can get donut holes too and I think I saw sandwich menu on the board.Good place to hang out with free wifi. Grab donuts and drinks if you get hungry. Although the other thing is I notice a lot of random homeless people around or that comes onto the patio to ask for money or cigarettes.Other than that, it's a pretty decent location if you just need a drink and a donut.
5	So darn good.    Owner very sweet too.    Better than the other donut shops on the street.    Blueberry Apple fritter my fav
3	Taste great.  Good service.  Good price. Only negative is that the Jelly filled never have much jelly in them though.....
