3	I was a fan of the "old" Town and had heard good things about Pie Town, and since it's so convenient, I stopped by the other day for dinner. Not too much has changed inside the restaurant, which is a good thing: I love the decor. Kinda chic, but not overdone or unwelcoming. Just a good place to have some drinks or a nice, not-too-upscale meal. The new menu is totally different from the old one--it's much more geared towards pizza (hence the name). But this is NOT your standard pizza joint. Not by any means. They have great appetizer options, great drinks, and the pizza really comes through. I LOVED the Greek Pizza--came with feta cheese and some Med salad type thing on it. Amazing. My girlfriend got the 6 cheese one and was equally delighted. Definitely didn't finish it all, so we had some leftovers, which were a nice surprise. Definitely coming back!
4	Bacon and Egg Pizza. Mmmmnummnummm.Amazing crust. Fantabulous wine list. This place is gold, baby.
3	My crew and I went to Pie Town on New Year's Eve because we wanted something nice-ish that wasn't too expensive or pretentious.  Pie Town fit the bill just fine.  The prices are reasonable and I think they accurately reflect the quality of ingredients and the awesome crust.  We ordered one of the bacon and egg pizzas, and although a few at my table really dug it, it just didn't do it for me.  The Guanciale bacon was cut really thick and it was a bit chewy for my taste, but then again, I'm the kind of person that likes my bacon burnt.  I think the whole flavor profile was just off for me....it tasted just like breakfast only.....not.  Personal preference I'm sure.  My favorite pizza actually was the standard Margherita.  The tomato sauce is tangy and delicious, pairing perfectly with the hearty crust.  The wine list is lengthy and on Mondays and Wednesdays (I think) the glasses are half price!  Oh and I have to suggest the veal meatballs as an appetizer.  So, so yummy!  One more thing, I have a friend who works in the kitchen and he strictly advised us against getting anything with seafood.  Proceed with caution on that one.
1	GARBAGE!!! Possibly the wost pizza in Charlotte and the fact that they're already revamping their menu does not bode well for the success of this place. Big names does not a restaurant make...Peter Reinhart needs to stick to writing about bread/dough and keep his nose out of the Charlotte restaurant scene.
2	I consider myself something of a pizza junkie and I have always tried to find the next best place in cities I visit. Unfortunately Pie Town wasn't it in Charlotte. I walked in to the restaurant on beautiful Trade street and I was immediately greeted with great music, a cool atmosphere, and a nice hostess who sat me next to the window in a very swanky booth. The ambiance in the restaurant is wonderful, and the decor is a mix between an upscale wine bar and an earthy toned lobby. The wine list is very impressive for a pizza restaurant, and the bar is definitely a huge focal point of their interior. I loved the open kitchen and the street view into the back of the house. All this aside the pizza was rather bland, and it took 25 minutes for a 12 inch pie to show up at my table. It seemed a bit long considering I was one of the 4 tables occupied in the dining room. If you want a cool atmosphere, great wine list and a nice place to mingle this is it, but the pizza will leave you disappointed.
4	Had an hour between meetings and decided to finally try Pie Town. I'd heard mixed things but have a real appreciation for Peter's talents as a baker so I wanted to see for myself.The restaurant is in a beautiful space - very contemporary and not at all your typical pizza place. This is a place to really relax and enjoy your meal - not really a kid-friendly place but a great New York/Boston/LA restaurant vibe.The bar has a great selection of wines and has Harpoon on tap, a rarity but for a former New Englander much appreciated!I started with the calamari - not something exceptional but a solid recreation of a standard. Moving on to the pizza, I really wanted to try a pizza with light toppings so that I could try the crust. I had a classic Margarita - in short, it was DIVINE! Great crust, a little chewy, excellent arsenal cheese, fresh basil. My only small critique is the sauce - it's too bland and doesn't come across as authentic. I would advise reformulating and making it a bit more spicy. Service was very good, btw. Overall I would definitely go back.
3	It isn't often that I get uptown for much of any reason, and especially to eat.  In this case, I actually had a chance to get uptown, to eat and to have pizza, so it's like the Triple Crown.My first impression is that Pie Town is a little funky, but not in a Plaza Midwood way - in more of a yuppie-trendy way.  Probably more my vibe than Plaza Midwood, as I can hang out at places like The Penguin, but when you get to Dish or Zada Jane's, it's just not my thing.I can deal with Pie Town, but it definitely borders on pretentious.  Not quite Blue or Morton's, but it's close.  Service isn't bad, but the place itself is just a little aloof.The food again starts to go a little off the beaten track.  That's not all bad, but if you're looking for pepperoni, you won't find it here.  Think more along the lines of California Pizza Kitchen and gourmet pies (not that the two always go hand-in-hand, just that they are not traditional pizza).I decided to go for the bacon and egg pizza, because where else are you going to find it - and that is a rhetorical question, so answers aren't needed.The most interesting part was when the pizza was delivered (a bit slowly), when the egg(s) were broken by the server.  I'm a fan of fried eggs that are still runny, but some aren't.  It made it like a breakfast on a pizza.  I can see the appeal - but again, it's not your traditional pizza.Others were equally surprised, such as a vegetarian who had some sort of a salad pizza, and it was literally a salad on a pizza crust (way too much lettuce).The quality overall was good, but the selection was just a bit strange.  Keep that in mind and you might be okay.
2	I really wanted to like this place, but just couldn't.  Pizza was blah...I think there were three strips of basil on the margherita and the whole wheat crust tasted like cardboard (Brixx is much better).  The atmosphere was ALMOST hip...but they had these framed posters of tomatoes and basil leaves which didn't seem to fit.  Our server was very nice but completely ditsy...she brought one pick thingy for the fondue for a table of 10.  Anyway, just really wasn't all that awesome an experience.
3	I read some really good reviews and checked it out. It was very convenient to my hotel but I can see how it might be frustrating if you're coming from further uptown. Basically, I think this is nice and worth the price, but the Bacon and Egg pizza just wasn't doing it for me. I love breakfast pizza - love love love it. This one however just sat in my stomach like a greasy, egg-laden brick. One egg would have been good, three eggs is just overkill. The whole thing gets soggy and sloppy after a few minutes. The bacon is good and salty, but chewy, which threw me off too much. I think that's a personal taste thing; I love my bacon crispy. Chewing bacon makes me think of the Simpsons episode where Homer tries to purposely gain weight so he can go on disability. Not a fun mental image when eating pizza. ("Don't chew gum, chew bacon! Instead of bread, use Pop Tarts!")I will definitely try this place again when I am in town, but I'm going to have to go with the Margherita, or something else that's lighter.
4	We tried the Bacon and Egg pizza on our most recent visit. It was tasty and interesting. We also ordered The Greek pizza. I expected some greenery on the pizza but not the large salad that arrived on top of the pizza. The service was great! Ask for Casey. I'm a fan of the whole wheat crust and my favorite pizzas are the Margherita, #80 and Queens Charlotte. Next time, I'm planning to try the Three Mushroom. Oh, and the ginger beer is not to be missed!
3	For starters, I've been to Pie Town several times.  It is a very convenient place in which to meet friends after work.  I'll start with what I like:I love their Moscato wine.  YUM!  However, the downside...  It costs $15 a glass.  Way too expensive if you want to have 2 - 3 glasses - the bottle price isn't any better!  I believe it is $69.  I guess I have great taste in wine!I have tried Calamari many times and I hate it!  It is just nasty and rubbery and everyone serves it with marinara.  However, at Pie Town, I love their Calamari.  I can taste a tiny bit of lemon juice, but they put this sauce on the Calamari that is out of this world.  It is very light and tastes very good.  Their Calamari is not rubbery and the food is hot when they bring it to your table.I had eaten there the other night and had 2 slices of pizza left over that I had asked to be boxed up for me.  Apparently, while boxing up the leftovers, they accidentally dropped the pizza.  When the server told me about this, he also stated that they had already created a duplicate pizza for me and was currently in the oven.  So, their service is great!What I don't much like:The pizzas are not that great.  They have great variety, but definitely not the best pizza I've ever had.  I had the shrimp scampi pizza - shrimp too sweet for pizza.  The pizza/shrimp should have been spicy since it was a shrimp scampi pizza.Their desserts are expensive for what you get.Downside is pricing and quality of main course meals (pizza pies)
3	Great service, decent pizza and salad - well a little more than decent, and excellent decor.
3	The specials are great!I ate here during lunch hour to try their specials. I heard they were generous and tasty all at the same time! Sometimes "other" places skimp on tasty or generous with affordable specials... I had a cheese pizza special with a Greek salad. It was the perfect balance of what you should eat and what you love; PIZZA!Nice atmosphere, with warm hues and rich wood accents. The place seems upscale at first, but casual and relaxing when you get settled in.
4	I've walked by Pie Town many times and have always wondered how it was. Today I made the stop here for lunch to give it a try. I had the lunch special which was a salad and Palermo pizza for $6.95. You can't beat that deal! The Greek salad was excellent. Loved the dressing, not heavy like others. They apply it sparingly so your salad is not drowned. Good feta, cherry tomatoes and kalamata olives to round it out. The pizza was 12 inch and was great. The Palermo is a white pizza with onion, tomatoe, spinach, ricotta and a drizzle of olive oil. I thought it was great. Excellent crust. Nice place. Good vibe. They have a pool table so I'll have to try them for drinks some night.
4	This visit to Pie Town was better than the last, mostly because the place was a bit less crowded.  Actually, there was almost no one there.  So we had pretty good service.  Last time, the service wasn't bad, but the food took a while to come out.On this visit, the food was a bit better as well.  Not so much the ingredients, but the choice.  Last time I went with the bacon and egg pizza, which was interesting, but it was just off.  Not that it was bad, it just could have been executed better.  This time I went more traditional, and had a different pie (#80, I think) and it was much tastier.  I think the difference is the tomato on the crust - it blends the flavors together better.Not that the bacon and egg didn't have it, but there was just more tomato.  Or something.  It just worked, where the other one didn't.  Or maybe this time around I chose the traditional crust vs. the wheat crust, and it was better.  I really can't say exactly because I didn't have them next to each other (and it was six months apart), but everything worked out much better this go-round, so I'm more a fan this time.  Judging by the other comments of wheat crust, it could very well be that some pies work and others don't, so keep that in mind when you order.
3	Pie Town is out of the way if you're in Charlotte without a car. Otherwise, it's a 20 minute walk back to Uptown or a $8-10 cab ride.Came here on a recommendation with 4 others. The owner has several other establishments in the San Francisco bay area. Our order: - Crispy Calamari - small portions for about 2-3 people with tiny bowl of sauce. - Bruschetta - a tiny square piece (4"x4") for 1-2 people to share. - Arugula salad with grilled shrimp - excellent! huge portions and lots of shrimp. - The Mediterranean pie - the pine nuts were a great texture. - 3 Mushrooms pie - very good! will order again. - BBQ Chicken pie - the least favorite of the 3 pies* all the pies are thin crust with a choice of classic or 100% whole wheat (not as crunchy) - Baked To Order Deep Dish Apple Pie - excellent to share with 1-2 people! (Make sure to order it ahead of time in case they run out.)Huge restaurant with multiple flat panel tvs in each room and in the bar with a pool table. Three large rooms of tables and booth seating catered to large groups and sports night frenzy. It was a quite Thursday night and the service was nice.
2	Food was alright, seating was cramped. Overpriced yuppie pizza.
3	closed
