3	it is a dive for sure but the service is excellent, before heading to the strip i usually get a couple of drinks for cheap, if you are into video machines this is the place for you, the neighborhood is sketch, crackheads, trannies, and prostitutes always walking around but inside just to watch a game and drink for cheap is fine
2	Haven't been to Eureka Casino??  Well, you're not missing much.  Eureka Casino is not located in the best part of Las Vegas and it is one of those dive casinos.  Not much here except smoke, loitering, small bar, and slot machines.  Eureka is literally the size of a 7-Eleven. The only reason for me to stop in here is for Fat Choy's, which has delicious Short Rib Grilled Cheese.  I will be back only for Fat Choy's.  Otherwise, I really don't see myself going out here to kick it.
5	I'm pleasantly surprised by this locals casino. The large digital signs and the rock design on the outside are very nice. There are so many different machines inside of this casino. I like that they serve free drinks as soon as you sit down and play. Their restrooms smell and feel really clean. The restaurant is quite good also. I have seen many people get bonuses while there. The owners are really nice and step in to say hi to people and ask them how they can improve anything. They also have a Wounded Warriors Project and support their local businesses, from overhearing other people talk. They have a Players Club where people can win free play, prizes like bikes or TVs or a cruise or a couple nights stay in their resort in Mesquite.I remember one time I came in and the bartender was dressed like a reggaemon. It was really funny. This place provides good times. For a locals casino, I would say this is much better than any old Dotty's or giant casino conglomerate. For a locals casino, I would say this is as good as it gets. Oh, the comps can also be used for food!
3	Small smokey casino off the strip.I'm sure it's mostly locals.Chop Choy restaurant was good and somewhat cheap.Probably would not come back here.
2	This was my first time to the Eureka and I'll be back to eat at Fat Choy but I won't be sitting and playing any of the machines.  The smoke in the casino is heavy and you just need to walk through it to get to Fat Choy.It's a locals kind of joint and I wonder how it continues to operate.  There's not much to recommend this place except the convenient parking in the back.Put up some doors and close off Fat Choy from the smoke--please!
3	Some quick facts about the Eureka from the web:- Eureka Casino is the only Asian American owned/operating casino in Las Vegas.- Eureka is the original neighborhood casino, operating since the early 1960's, without a single day of closure.- They are located 5 blocks east of the Las Vegas strip on Sahara and just a couple minutes away from Downtown Las Vegas. - In Eureka Casino's original build out, the space that Fat Choy restaurant now occupies, was the parking lot.So, a bunch of neat trivia to know and impress your friends with while entertaining yourself in front of the many slot machines in this tiny casino.  The air quality is not the best, but is still better than many of the other local casinos.  The staff here are friendly, security opens doors for guests as you leave. It is not glitzy like the mega resorts on the Strip, but it is an A-OK spot to spend a few hours hanging out or getting some surprisingly good food at the Fat Choy restaurant on premise.
2	Heavy smoke and Eureka's old age are showing effortlessly, but if you expected much else on this side of Sahara, you were setting yourself up for disappointment!Like most others have already said, the only reason why I personally would come here is for Fat Choy Restaurant!Fat Choy is a hidden gem hiding inside, and now with newer ventilation or increased efforts, there is little/no lingering smoke, and the food itself is pretty good and inexpensive.I'd recommend giving them a try, but if you are looking for a cheap place to gamble, i'd head farther onto the strip.
3	Ghetto, smoky, and just a bit scary I cannot think of a single reason to visit the Eureka aside from Fat Choy and thus, doing a bit of math, if the casino itself is a 1 star experience while the restaurant is an easy 5 star visit given the bang-for-the-buck I guess I'll round it off to a three.Avoid the restrooms, get your duck bao and a nutella roti, and get out before you get emphysema.
3	Local slot casino. No table games. But the main attraction is Fat Choy!
3	Not super fond of the casino.  Lots of smoke and not enough table games.. however, it seems like there's always a crowd in there regardless of what time I stroll in.  To be honest, the only reason why I come here is for Fat Choy.  For letting Fat Choy into the building, I bumped it up one star.  But, without the grubs, Eureka would easily be a 2-star joint.  Get rid of the smoke and Eureka would be tons better; probably good enough for me to sit down and throw some dollars into the machine.  But, until then, nothing much of a draw outside of what the Choy has to offer.
4	Do not let the setting scare, you Eureka Casino is a nice, clean, and safe little joint. The casino is small and does not have any table games. It has a full bar and the great Fat Choy restaurant inside. Security is at the door to keep out any of the frightening elements of the surrounding area.
4	Hmmm...where to start with this place? Surprisingly, we actually came here to see the casino unlike most yelpers who only set foot in here to get to Fat Choy. I guess more than anything, what you see is what you get. It's not a great neighborhood but security seems to do a good job keeping riff raff out. This place has been around forever so it has a pretty cool old Las Vegas feel. 2 reasons why I gave it a 4 instead of 3: 1) 80's music the entire time I was here! Not sure if that's the norm or it was just a theme night but it was first time I've heard "Break My Stride" in public since I was a kid! 2) They might actually have cocktail waitresses but while we were playing video poker, the security guard came over and got us a couple more beers. I dunno, I guess that's not really too amazing, but I've just never seen that before. I'll be back and I'll pry try Fat Choy as well.
5	I lived in Las Vegas for 11 years and I won more money at this Casino than every other Casino combined!  And without question this will be the first place I return to when I come back to Vegas to visit!!The only problem is that since I quit smoking I am worried about breathing in here as everyone in the building smokes.  But when your getting hand payouts - who cares of you can't breathe!!!
3	This is a tiny casino off Sahara Ave, and we only went there was to visit Fat Choy inside.  There does not seem to be a hotel attached to it like the casinos on strip.  The parking lot is a bit tiny for casino and was hidden behind the building.  They always seem to have one big guy at the door opening it for you.  It was filled with mostly slot machine.  I guess Eureka was a change from glittery scene on the Strip, it could be a great spot to hangout and have some nice fusion Chinese food.
