5	A candy store for the gals that used to like to get into mom's stash of goodies...Ulta, IMHO, rivals many department store beauty & fragrance section.*  Hundreds of top quality, trendy, and colorful polishes, lipsticks, eye shadows, blushes galore all lined up like a big box of crayons for your face and nails.*  Rows of all the latest designer fragrances.*  All the hair care, skin care, and bath products you can shake a loofah back massager at.*  You can even pick up some manly scents, shaving and skin care essentials to keep your hunk looking dapper.Though it may be a little out of the way if your travelling from north of downtown, the location at Waterworks in Homestead is large and near plenty of additional trendy stores for the girl with shopping fever.They are consistantly running special deals on various products, and if you join the rewards program every dollar you spend will earn you discounts towards future purchases and/or free gifts.What's not to love?
5	I love Ulta because it is a sort of "middle ground" when it comes to cosmetics and make-up.  It's a step above CVS but just a hair beneath Macy's or Nordstrom's.  I had to come here last night because I'm traveling to Dallas this week for a training seminar and I needed to be all dolled up for Monday's session.  Their selections of cosmetics can't be beat and as Tricia says, they've got top quality nail polishes, lipsticks, eye shadows, etc.  If you can't find anything you like here, you're way too picky.  They also have a great selection of hair products.  I bought my Conair Infiniti hair dryer here and it has been wonderful!  The location at the Waterfront can be a little inconvenient, but since I live in Squirrel Hill, it's just a hop-skip-and-a-jump away from me.  I like their prices and their sales are terrific.  Their coupons and rewards programs are fantastic.  Not only can I save a lot of $$, but I can get a whole supply of make-up for free.
4	I love places that give me a frequent buyer card FOR FREE!  That is why I have a deep love for Ulta.  Throw in coupons sent to my house every week and I'm a very happy and beautified girl!  I feel like I'm in one of those VIP beauty supply stores that are only available to salons.  Plus it has EVERYTHING in regards to make-up, spa, salon, hair supplies and even very random things like candles (which I guess falls into the spa category to reeelllax you).  The things in life that make me happy are buy one get one free and even buy 2 get 2 free!  Hot danggit I'm in!  The one and only thing that irks me is that sometimes the sales associates are very helpful and sometimes they're like, whatever I need to catch up the drama of what happened last night with my coworker.  I've worked retail before, I know what's up gurlfriend!  Be nice and helpful to me and I'll come back.  Be snotty and I'm outta there!  More often than not though the employee's are very helpful, if not stalkerish at the make-up counter.  I EVEN gave Ulta a great rating as I sit here stewing about them being out of the new Katy Perry nail polish.  I'm sure they'll have it soon....hopefully....for my sanity...and nails!
3	Ulta is to the ladies what "GTL" is for those Jersey Shore boys. Anything you may possibly need in the department of hair, makeup, and all things beauty based. All the prestige makeup lines can be found here. Some may only be found in Sephora but most are found in both stores. Some suggestions are when searching around it can be easier to ask an associate to find something quickly. On another note if you are making the visit for a specific item call ahead and have them hold it for you because you might be disappointed if you travel all that way and it's out of stock. I do think that most of that makeup is pretty pricey but the alternatives are not great for the skin. Trial and error. There is a 30 day return policy so if you don't like it keep your box and receipt because you can exchange it for something better. Happy hunting!
3	Your one stop beauty shop.You'll find everything from hair care to pedicure products. They also do hair and makeup for those ladies(self included) who missed that day in kindergarten when they taught you how to braid hair and apply eyeliner in a straight line.The only negative thing I can say is that every time I find a product I really like, they eventually stop carrying it.
4	I'd never been to Ulta before today, and I am indeed a fan - I walked in not knowing they had a salon (but in desperate need of a haircut) and walked out with a new 'do that might even be an improvement over my old one.  My stylist Nicholas was a good match - he asked a lot of questions, confirmed my preferences and checked in to see how I liked what he was doing - he was warm and personable without pushy upselling, which is probably my number one pet peeve in a salon.  Of course, when you're getting your hair cut surrounded by cool products, you'll probably convince yourself to buy stuff - this Ulta is close to me, and it has a better selection of drugstore products than my local drugstore, so I can see stocking up during a monthly styling appointment.  As a bonus, when I heard that the customer in front of me got a discount coupon for the salon, I asked about it myself, and they were happy to pass along the deal. Recommended for sure.
4	I love ulta! Every time I get coupons in the mail I run to use them ASAP:) but the coupons don't work on all of their items.They usually have sales going like ulta products buy 2 get 2 free or certain products will be 2 for $6 and some hair products are buy 2 get 1 free. Like others have said they carry drugstore and more high end brands and much more! It's a pretty easy place to spend 50$ and not realize it haha.I've always found the staff very helpful but its hard to find someone to help you towards the back of the store if your looking at hair products, straighteners and hair dryers. So that's the reason why they lose a star! But really a good place to buy your favorite products plus some new ones. Oh and don't forget to get their ulta savings card!
1	Every time I've been in this store the employees have been rude, I go to the Ulta in north hills and avoid this store even though it's convenient
4	I discovered Ulta several years ago in Panama City Beach and have been loving shopping here ever since! The customer service that I've experienced at this location has been above average compared to other stores that I've been to. I've generally been greeted once or twice while shopping here.I use a mixture of Neutrogena, Almay, and Revlon makeup and am normally able to find my products here. They are sometimes out of a particular Almay waterproof mascara that I like but actually had it last time I was looking for it.I have also used two salon stylists at this location. They have both been above average stylists for the price, even though I was pretty disappointed in a short hair style that one of the stylists gave me. They've also made really, really good product recommendations and are willing to recommend products outside of the Redken brand they represent.Overall, I have had good experiences at this Ulta location, made even better if I happen to have a $5 off coupon on hand!
1	This review is for the Ulta in Homestead.  Ulta has pretty much every nail polish color and brand imaginable, they have a high selection of makeup products too. However, the service is absolutely terrible. I usually don't mind bad service if a place has good products. However, the salespeople have TERRIBLE attitudes. Many of the women literally grimace when you walk into the store.  They go out of their way not to say hello.  They don't like to help people find products and act as if helping you, or even ringing you up is a huge inconvenience.  I always feel worse about myself when I leave.  I will not be giving them any future business.
3	Ulta gives a unique shopping experience for beauty lovers and makeup geeks. It's a totally different experience than your typical high end makeup store like Sephora. What makes Ulta special is that it carries a variety of makeup and hair products for EVERY price range. There are drug store products such as Maybelline and CoverGirl, and then there are high end brands such as Tarte and Urban Decay. If you're like me, you use a mixture of high end and drug store quality products. It's great to be able to get them all in one place. This is something that Sephora does not offer. Plus that makes it easy to find low end dupes of high end products that you may prefer not to spend the money on, for whatever reason, because you can compare them side-bye-side. I am an avid nail art lover and do nails on the side. I must say that Ulta has an outstanding nail polish selection. You've got a nice variety of colors and brands. Other makeup stores definitely do not offer this variety of nail polishes. This location also offers a hair salon and a Benefit Brow Bar. I am a big lover of Benefit Cosmetics and this is the only place around that offers a Benefit Brow Bar. Make sure you sign up for a rewards card. It saves you a lot of money! Plus it gets you all sorts of free samples and goodies. I rarely leave ulta without some sort of wonderful (and decently sized) sample with my purchase thanks to my rewards card! I also frequently get mailed coupons. I love it. The interior is set up in a very open, friendly, and easy to navigate manner. It's open and brightly lit. This is quite the opposite of some other makeup stores. It's friendly and refreshing!My only complaints are that typically coupons only apply to drug store quality products. The staff is usually very knowledgable and helpful, but I swear that every time I come in with a specific question, I get someone who has no idea what they're talking about. I've worked in specialty retail stores, and I think it's important to know what you're talking about at a specialty store. It's why people go to speciality stores. You can (usually) actually get help from someone knowledgable at a specialty store, which you can't get at a store like Target. They're also frequently out of certain products I go there specifically for. There could be a number of reasons for that, and it's likely out of their hands. But it is still frustrating.
5	I called one morning to make an appointment with the salon, whoever I spoke with was very friendly and answered my questions clearly. I was able to make an appointment that day, even though the treatment I had requested is very time consuming (haircut + texture perm). Once my appointment came I met Karen who took my jacket, hung it up for me and gave me a bottle of cold water. She asked me to pull up a few different pictures so she could see exactly what I wanted. Then explained to me in extreme detail how to get the best results with this perm she would need to cut layers into my hair. Once I told her I was 200% sure I was ok with layers, that is when she took me back to start everything.  The entire time she was extremely pleasant, talking to either myself or the other stylists. Times when I would have to let a color or chemical sit for 15 or so minutes she would offer me magazines or encourage me to walk around the store and shop. One time washing my hair (there were many), Karen informed me that perms tend to strip color from hair if you color it, which I do. She offered to put on a glaze to intensify my color for $40, happily I took her up on that and I'm glad I did. This color is amazing! She customized a color using multiple dyes and it is exactly what I wanted. Once she dried my hair I was floored. It is better than I could have imagined. After waiting 2 days to wash it as Karen instructed it was so easy to style! I don't put much effort into my hair besides occasionally blow drying it. All I had to do was shake my hair out and it turns out exactly how Karen styled it. Amazing! I highly recommend anyone to see her. You will not be disappointed. Once my hair was done Karen showed me the product she used so I could purchase it myself. When checking out, I was offered to sign up for their point system so I can save money when I come back. Believe me, I will be coming back.
