3	Oh Union South.  You're the unpopular step-sister to everyone's favorite, the Memorial Union.  "Underutilized" is how the UW describes you, and they're going to tear you down.  But I'll never forget you.  We've had some times, you and I.  From the first day of SOAR orientation that summer before my freshman year to last spring, when I saw D4 again at Club 770 - the good times, they're all coming back to me.  Let's reminisce...Remember those two years when I thought electrical engineering was a good idea?  Yeah I know, but I was just a freshman & sophomore back then and didn't know any better.  But you were always there, especially when the oppressive silence of Wendt Library got to be too much.  Sometimes it would be just as quiet downstairs, but at least I could read the historic letters along the wall when I got tired of trying to understand Stats.  And all of those Game Day Saturdays too - everyone seems to like you then, with your Alumni Bashes and brats and such.  But I was there even when there were no large sporting events nearby, because you and I had something more than just a Saturday hook-up in the fall.All of those shows at Club 770 were the best when I was underage.  Sure, the sound wasn't the best and the "club" is more of a convention room with a little riser, but those free all-ages shows were some of the best times of my young life.  Remember the first time I saw Dillinger 4 and my friend left because her date didn't like punk?  It was just you, me and the band, and it was awesome.  You and I will always have those three magical D4 shows over the years.  And that time my friends and I saw Evil Dead 2 on Halloween Night - that was the best Halloween I ever had.  And don't think I don't remember the later years, when Natan and I would meet in the afternoon and play ping pong downstairs in the Games Room.  Remember how I nearly always lost?  Ahh, that was fun, especially listening to the crazy bowling "professor" berating the kids who must have thought, "Bowling, now there's an easy PE credit."  I guess they didn't count on getting the R. Lee Ermey of bowling instructors.  Before our epic ping pong tourney, Natan and I would always go to the Red Oak Grill for lunch.  It was always the same thing - Badger burger for Natan, grilled chicken sandwich with fries for me.  Yeah, the food was never that great, but it was pretty cheap and it was fun trying to guess which student cashier would be the slowest - I always won that game, didn't I?  You got a little fancy with Einsteins, but that's OK because I never went there.  We had a good thing going with the Red Oak, and I didn't see any reason to mess with that.I'm going to miss you, Union South.  I'm sure your replacement building will be architecturally pleasant to look at and will be chock full of fancy features, but it won't be the same.  We've got our memories, and they can't take those away.  Hey, we've still got a couple of months before your date with the wrecking ball.  Let's make a few more memories, shall we?  I'll meet you at the Quick Byte for a cup of coffee, because you know what Union South: you A-OK in my book.
5	The new Union South is fantastic!  Great features and of course they serve Babcock Dairy Ice Cream!  I wish I would have had more time to check out more of the features, but all in good time.  Can't wait to experience a game day there!
4	I can't speak to how the local students like this place, but 2 bars + bowling are A-OKAY by me.
3	The grungy old Union South was sort of an unknown spot for most UW Students back when I went to school here. Sometimes the student concert folks would book a great band or two downstairs, and perhaps you might have been bowling here, but other than that, there was not much going on here. Fast forward to 2012, and you have a pretty cool lodge feel to the place - everything is very modern and new looking and you also have a hotel here. Way to go UW. Now, I knew there were rooms here in the old days, but they now have a professional hotel lobby and friendly staff to help you. This is also the place where you get your UW ID. Otherwise the "complex" really is a place for those who are on the South campus to hang out. Nice job UW. It is a little slick and clean and feels like a real hotel lounge, bar, etc., but compared to the dingy predecessor it is quite an improvement.
3	This place is completely new compared to what I remember years ago.  It was cool to see the newly renovated place.  There are lots of places to eat now on the first floor and rooms up on the second.  I was here for a medical alumni event in one of the upstairs room and the food was good they prepared.  It wasn't anything spectacular nor anything bad so it gets the A-OK by me.  Definitely will stop in to use their new bathrooms before the next game but not sure if I would eat or drink there over other places in the area.
5	Is that you, Union South?? You cleaned up real nice.I once thought this run-down building was just the place to get your student ID replaced when you inevitably left it at the SERF... but no more. Now it feels like an actual student union, where people really hang out. It's much more modern than Memorial Union (since it's basically brand new) and it comes equipped with pool tables, a bowling alley, a cafeteria, a beer/wine/cider bar, a climbing wall (ARE YOU KIDDING?), a movie theater, a stage for music and a huge screening area on which to cheer for the Badgers when you don't have tickets. There's a bike sharing station right there too, which is convenient.We were here on game day after tailgating. The crowd wasn't as rambunctious as we were during the game, but we were not escorted from the premises for doing victory dances around our table (while everyone else sat quietly). Nor for the subsequent defeat dances all around the pool tables. So I appreciate that. I really do.
1	Union south is pretty, but there are a couple real problems related to the kitchen/food service that need to be remedied.1)  The smell of grease permeates much of the building, especially meeting spaces.  Could something please be done to alleviate the problem?  It's really nauseating to sit in a meeting for 90 minutes immersed in the smell of old greasy air.2) Catering for meetings is really sub-par and over priced.  My main complaint is that  sandwiches bread is SOGGY/WET.  Are they prepared the night before and left to stew in their own juices?  It seems that other food service venues have mastered the art of dry sandwiches....I'm hoping YOU can too!  Final concern is around the "green" toilets.  The low volume flush requires double flushing to get TP to go down.  Can an adjustment be made so they are a bit more efficient with a single flush?  That would be groovy!
5	Awwww! Union South?! You are not the Union South of my college days, now are you? So impressed with how much you have grown up with your new renovation. A new and improved bowling alley, multiple pool tables, and a rock-climbing wall? Plenty of bars throughout the joint, several restaurants, and Babcock ice cream right around the corner from the in-house UWCU?! WOWZA! Top that off with a small hotel on the top floors and I was floored! You've definitely come a long way from the days when you were just a secondary to Memorial Union and often skipped over. Glad you are finally getting the love you deserve!
4	Union South is all grown up.  It's beautiful and very cool--a great hangout.  U. South: you had me at "bowling alley downstairs" and "awesome bathrooms."
5	WOAH. Union South got an Oprah style makeover! This place is a far cry from the dingy bowling alley/Wisc card location of the past. The new Union South boasts a handful of hotel rooms, comfortable lounging spaces, various restaurants and eateries, a rock climbing wall and a brand-spankin' new bowling alley. Additionally, the space is beautifully set up and very tech savvy throughout. I.was.blown.away.Whether you're a student, alumni or just someone who is looking to check out a great tailgate, you should certainly stop at Union South.
5	As much as I love my alma mater, the Union South facilities really makes me reconsider my choice of undergraduate institution. Alas, if only I was that young again.
5	I love this place! The food is great, the ice cream is great, and the look/environment is great! I've been here dozens of times for an event by one of the UW clubs. The group I was with were a little shy since because of the nature of the event, but I wish more of the events would be hosted here. It's just really great. I never got a chance to check out the rock climbing wall and now I'm seeing that there's a bowling alley. Man, I really need to come back here more often now that I live closer. The parking was always the downside to this place.
5	This space made me fall in love with Madison. We came on a Friday afternoon in early summer. Bands playing, beer trucks, fresh fish tacos, sitting on the dock - does life get better? If winter wasn't so dang cold in Madison I would move in a heartbeat.
