4	In the old location of the Weng's Chinese Restaurant, I really hope this little Thai restaurant does not suffer the same fate.  The first time I walked in, I was definitely surprised by how bright and colorful this place is. Weng's was always sort of drab; a fresh coat of paint has done wonders for the place.The reason you need to go to the Jasmine Cafe is their lunch special. For  $7.00 you get one of 10 entrees, a small bowl of curry, and buffet.   The buffect includes: stir fry noodles, kind of like a pad thai, steamed rice, fried rice, fried wontons and a soup of the day.  The soup of the day was tom yum soup, the last time I went there.  It was all delicious, and I keep going back.  Especially the curries.  THey've got the traditional red, green, and panneng curries, but they also have massaman curry.  I won't call it life's blood, but damn I could live off of massaman curry.Admittedly, the food is not that spicy.  I've learned the first time at a Thai restaurant order mild; it's safe and unlikely to cause pain.  Jasmine Cafe's medium is still pretty weak, and Hot could still be hotter.  But I believe that spicy food should be hot enough to make you sweat.  Unlike one of my friend's who believes that spicy food should melt your face off and burn through your intestines like thermite.The only downside to the Jasmine Cafe is it's pretty empty.  The first time I went there, I was the only person in the  place.  It's definitely not a scenesters place to be, but but good cheap food it is.
5	Great, fresh food along with friendly service and a colorful interior keeps me coming back to this thai restaurant.  The food is  a little light but that only allows me to use the wonderful sauces they have on their chili tray.  It allows me to "tune" the flavor of my meal to my liking without being overwhelming.Delicious food, great price!
3	I'm going to start with three stars for Jasmine Thai.  Though the food that we ordered was tasty, it wasn't just what I had hoped for.  I ordered drunken noodles and it seemed like the noodles didn't separate all the way.
4	I sit, staring over the menu, wondering to myself which dish I am going to get.  I could get something to compare to other Thai places, but we've already decided on Thom Yum, and that usually sets the tone for the rest of the meal.  Panang?  Nah.  Something green?  That sounds good.  Wait...what is this?  Pumpkin curry?!  Oh yes.  I am a sucker for all things pumpkin.  And I must say they do pumpkin right.  Big chunks of some gourd (not necessarily pumpkin this time of year) as well as it being so delicately pureed into the reddish curry sauce, so as to have every bite permeated with deliciousness.The Thom Yum was good, and my wife enjoyed whatever noodle dish she got.  Get medium; it is just the right amount of spice.
4	The curry is amazing. Some of the best curry we have had on the east side. The pumpkin curry is ubertasty as is the mango curry. Go for the curry.Only downside that the appitizers, while tasty are quite small. So just stick with the curry.
5	I LOVE their curry! Ambiance is meh but you can always order as take-out. I can never get enough! I think my favourite is the Pineapple Chicken Curry. It can be pretty spicy though so if you're kind of a spice wuss like me than ask for no spice and it will be mild, I asked for mild once and it was still too spicy for me lol.I've eaten at a few different Thai places and none of them come close to how incredibly tasty this place is!
4	Checked in here while visiting my sister-in law. She raved about the food, so I was surprised to see that the place was empty on a Friday evening. The place isn't fancy, but they did try to spruce it up with some colorful lamps and bright paint.The food was excellent! We had the green curry, fusion noodles, thai fried rice, and noodle soup. The green curry was my fave. It was so perfectly spicy, and the flavor was excellent. The fusion noodle dish was another win! Lots of veggies and the perfect amount of thai basil. The thai fried rice was okay. Not bad, but was closer to chinese fried rice than thai fried rice. The broth in the noodle soup was so good! Just a nice subtle taste mixed with some yummy noodles and cabbage.I think the woman that took our order cooked our food as well. She was super nice and accommodated our requests for some substitutions since we had someone with food allergies.I hope this place gets busier. It's so yummy and prices were very good for the amount of food you get.
4	Passed by this place the other day and stopped in at 2PM; was still able to order from the lunch menu, which made me pretty happy; soup, entree and spring roll. Served me the bowl of soup while waiting for takeout. I was really happy with the  pad thai, and the huge portion size even though it was from the lunch menu. Spicy the way I asked for it. I've been looking for some good pad thai in the EV; and I found it. Not a very very fancy place at all, but not an issue for me, since I usually do take out.
5	Do not be scared away by the looks of it.. This is a classic example of you can't judge a book by it's cover.  I am a huge fan of Thai and everything I have ever had here is incredible!update: 2013 - Service is lacking to say the least :( BUT food is still delicious
1	I'm so done with this place. I ordered for the last time the other day as they are scammers. We order to-go food from here because they actually put out a rather tasty product but the process is just way too painful. Just placing the order is an incredible task as the people answering the phone speak next to know English.  Don't dare tag me a racist as I'm far from that but it's reality that you need to convey an order and have it made correctly - that's basic. To exacerbate this their on-line menu is conveniently numbered but it's THE WRONG ONE further adding to the confusion. What a hot mess. The last few orders we have gotten home and the order is wrong...errrrr! The topper is the last two times they have tried to scam when we had a coupon and that is where the line gets drawn when you lack integrity with your customers.http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AL4Amj0F2Pk&feature=g-upl&context=G2f125afAUAAAAAAALAA
4	Reviewing this place is very difficult. The food is excellent. We ordered yellow and green curry(both outstanding), chicken noodle soup (amazing broth a bit spicy) and a noodle dish. Appetizers were chicken satay (good) and fried shrimp. We arrived on a Saturday night, Groupon in hand, having read the reviews here, with trepidation. A busy strip mall on Saturday night, lots of kids in the parking lot with the bass pounding. We walk in and no one to greet us just ring the bell and we wait quite awhile. The entrance is not as nice as it could be. The fish tank desperately needs to be cleaned. The main lady who I believe to be the owner, waitress, and kitchen manager greets us happily and leads us to our table. The restaurant is very busy with a high maintenance table that seemed to skip out on the check. Another family walks in and is seated and then waited on before us - never makes my husband happy. But we can see this is a small family-owned restaurant and we aren't in a hurry. She finally takes our order with profuse apologies. We get the fried shrimp first, half the order was good  - the other half stone cold. Scary. Chicken satay had a wonderful flavor and very tender. Yellow curry comes out and is perfect, chicken, carrots and potatoes. Kid's chicken soup comes out with shrimp instead had to send it back to get chicken (felt terrible about it). Then it turned out to be too spicy for an 8 year old palate. I thought the broth was amazing. My other kid's noodle and chicken dish came out looking nothing like the description but he toughed it out - it was very good. Green curry was amazing, lovely spice, chicken and veggies. The main lady was completely overwhelmed by the Groupon experience which made for an odd dining experience. But she was so sweet and worked so hard to make it all good. It was just too much for one person.  Also they had a TV on with a violent real life killer reenactment and it was really upsetting my son so my husband got up and turned it off. (Just odd)So in summary not the most pleasing ambiance experience but the food was really good. If this place was closer to our house we would most definitely order take out and eat it at home. I'm sure that would make it wonderful.
1	Armed with my groupon I scoured the Yelp reviews.  Some was positive and a lot was negative.Walking into the place, I feel like I'm in somebody's home... Just somebodys home I didn't want to be.  Gordon Ramsey would have a field day on Kitchen Nightmares with the place.  The best part is walking in and to the left is the dining room, and to the right had a handwritten sign that said VIP ROOM.The older lady was very nice.  She seated us in a mostly empty restaurant but greeted with a warm smile.  I wish she would've gone over the menu a little more.  We ordered larb na, curry noodles, and yellow curry.  We didn't realize the curry noodles and yellow curry were the same thing except one had noodles and the other rice.The larb na was fresh and full of flavor.  I really enjoyed it.  I wish they would've added toasted rice like most place would.  Also, I was hoping for cabbage used to scoop the larb na into.  Instead, there was this soggy lettuce underneath the larb that was drenched in lime & fish sauce.The curry was okay.  I know I could make a better curry at home and in about 5 minutes too which was a shame.  What really weirded me out like other yelpers was the tv.  She had wheel of fortune on one tv.  At another table, there was this portable dvd player playing kenny g.  The best part was the older lady was sitting there browsing the web.I hope groupon doesn't slay this place, but even if I had another one, I think I will pass.
1	I saw a groupon for this place and the menu is ridiculous. Curry galore. I just had to purchase it. I drove all the way from Scottsdale to try this place and I could not believe what I saw. The place has blacked out dirty windows with chalk writing sprawled actoss them. There were about 40 plants sitting in the front doorway of the restaurant in rusty tin cans. My mom started to walk back to the car, but I preservered. I enter the restaurant to find that it was completely empty. To the left there was a very large fish tank with cloudy brown water. The fish looked near death. To the right, next to the hostess stand, was an old dusty television. The surrounding area was covered with clutter. We turned around and walked out, groupon in hand. This place could not possibly make health code. I can not even imagine what the kitchen looked like. The place looked very unsanitary!
3	groupon and yelp are a total scam.  They hide most of the poor reviews in their filtered area for any company that advertises with them.   Not reliable at all.   THis restaurant is not very good.
1	Uggg.........  Never again!!!  My roomie has one of those restaurant.com memberships so as we both like Thai, we thought we'd give this place a spin. Like another reviewer said, this place looks like somebody's house. Somebody's messy, dated, dirty, and unwelcoming home. The men's room was dirty and smelled of urine. The paper towel dispenser is so grossly over-sized for the small bathroom, that you can barely get to the sink. There are many lights burned-out throughout the place and the men's room is no exception. It was so dimly lit I could barely see. What lights did work were dim incandescent bulbs providing a gloomy and drab feel to the whole place. The smell in the dining room was stale, dank, and musty. There were several booths in the place that needed major repair to the seat covering. The older Asain lady was working alone which was OK as in 20 minutes the only other couple left leaving us two as the sole dinner "crowd". When I got my diet coke, it was still in a 12oz. can and was hot. The glass of ice already contained about 1/2 an inch of melted water in the bottom and when that hot cola hit what little ice was left, the whole coke was completely watered-down and tasted nasty. The sampler plate of appetizers arrived and we split-up the selection and dug in. The deep fried tofu triangle thing was disgusting and had no flavor other than stale grease. The grilled chicken tender things were also void of flavor beyond grease. When I picked the crab Rangoon, grease literally poured-out and down my wrist. The only item on the sampler that wasn't total rubbish was the clearly pre-made, store-bought, previously frozen spring roll. When we got our entrees, neither one had all of the ingredients that was listed on the menu's description. Apparently they think shredded cabbage and carrots are an exact replacement for bean sprouts and egg. My entree, the traditional pad-Thai was listed as being "spicy". Well... if a 0 is no spiciness whatsoever and a 10 is OMG hot, this was a 0. And to top the whole evening off, we were never asked if we wanted refills or take-home boxes. We each ate about 5 bites of our entrees and took the rest home (after asking for said boxes) to see if the noodles could be doctored-up as not to be a total loss. The only saving grace of the whole evening was the discounted price which unfortunately included a mandatory tip which was not deserved. AVOID!!!!
1	I feel as though I am over-rating this place with one star. As you walk in during the middle of July, there is no AC in the front room. We should have known better as there were only 2 other tables occupied during the lunch rush. My wife got up to use their restroom, and ran back to me because the lights in the hallway were not working, and she needed the assistance of my keychain flashlight to find her way to the dingy bathroom. Our chicken sate did not come with skewers, or cucumber Saliad as was listed on the menu. The Jasmine fried rice with chicken was not even jasmine rice, but rather a soggy calrose rice that was burnt. The chicken legs were still frozen, and had to be sent back. The cook simply re-fried the chicken and sent it back, burnt rice and all. Even with a groupon, which is a total scam with multiple limitations, we ended up paying an extra $10 bucks for a mandatory 18% tip and tax. I never write reviews, but this was the worst meal I have ever had in my entire life!!  Avoid this place at all cost!!  Please!!
4	showed up at 6:30 friday with a friend to use my entertainment coupon. first impressions of the ambiance had us concerned. Bathrooms were clean, and peaked in kitchen seemed clean. We decided to stay. started with spring rolls for appetizer, and was just ok. My friend had crispy golden noodle, and I had Pad thai, and they were both delightfull.
