5	This is another dive spot.  Bigger than the PV, although you'll likely see the same crowd. Strong drinks.  Fizz-less sodas.  A little on the boring side, but still a staple on any given weeknight drinking binge.
5	i fell out of the TOL routine for some time, but i'm back and really liking it.about six pool tables, and they hold a few tournaments, so you end up with a lot of serious pool players throughout the week, along wtih hipster, tattoo types.the bartenders are sweet as can be, and poor a nice, strong drink for cheap beyong belief.jukebox is one of those electronic, download database ones, and so there is some good stuff on there, or you can get it if it's not.thursday nights here are pretty good, weekend nights can be hit or miss. lots of big booths and few bar tables, and long bar that runs the length of the joint. hidden in a strip mall, don't be discouraged by the boring outside, it's pretty fun inside if you're a local
5	I'm into small, low-key, and dark.  Time Out possesses all three of these qualities.  In addition, they've got pool tables, dart boards, and an always interesting mix of people.  Drink prices are reasonable.  When I think about it, there really isn't anything terrible special about the place, but it is just too comfortable not to enjoy.Oh, the internet jukebox is cool too.
4	There are several shared characteristics of a good dive bar:1. Cash only for cheap, stiff drinks.2. Pool tables (or alternately, shuffle board. darts must be combined with some other lure in order to count.)3. Jukebox (classic rock required, the top 40 laughed out of the place.)4. An air of disrepair (rips in the booth upholstery, musty smell of smoke on the air- because despite the ban, it's already been cured into the wood.)This place has all those things in spades.I hardly ever end up at the Time Out Lounge because I never carry cash, but the drinks are deliciously strong and don't strip your wallet of its greenery too quick. There's an ATM there too. The pitchers and half pitchers are also pretty cheap, but if you're drinking by yourself, you're required to get the half pitcher. Apparently they can't serve you a drink the size of your head in one sitting. What wacky laws.There are several pool tables that take up the majority of the space, but if you're going during the rush, good luck securing one of them. I'm not that great at pool, but I really enjoy playing at this place (usually with a good partner I can coast off of and then gloat with after we win) because of the atmosphere. So don't be a hater. There's a dart board off to the side of the place in a raised area with a couch and a jukebox. My friend and I got our asses handed to us on a plate by a couple of British expatriates in a game of cricket. But tall dark and handsome can beat me any day. It's all about the accent. Surprisingly, I've never used the jukebox. But I have heard wonderful tales of it from multiple people.
5	One of my new favorite haunts. The good thing about living at Mill & Southern is a great bar selection within a block or so, OK so I'm into dive bars, it's almost heaven. The first time I went into the Timeout, it reminded me of a hundred bars back home in Pittsburgh. I didn't feel alot of personality the first couple times, not until I met and made some friends. It's a bar that plays pool, as you can see by all the trophy's and the bulletin board cluttered with league info. I'm a casual player so it's a little intimidating at first, but everyone there is great. That's the allure; the people. You can't look around and see it in the fixtures, it's the conversations, the eclectic hair, the young, the old, the ones with blue chalk wiped on their pants and spilling PBR as they giggle away. The bartenders are fun and easy on the eyes-Daddy Like!AND, last but not least, I dig the jukebox and the tunes that get downloaded, alot of punk, new wave and other tunes that I grew up loving.
2	This place and its patrons give me a rash.2 stars for the fact that it is cheap and the music is good.If I had a dollar for every girl wearing red patent leather shoes I could have drank for days.  But make sure that dollar is cash so I can pay for my drink.I think I am officially too old and this place confirmed it like a slap in the face.
4	Went here after my gig at The Sets, just across the street.  My intern works here and I figured I'd bring a bunch of peeps and help the kid make money since I don't pay him.  (INTERN, get it?)Anyway, it was a pretty cool crowd.  Lil bit o' everythin'.  Tattooed, punk, prep, Scottsdale-ish girls.  The juke was awesome.Plenty of pool tables.Great drink specials (hey, I have "connections" and got 2 - for - 1 cards for my friends!) and friendly staff.  Sort of.  There was a girl working the bar who said, pretty loudly, to MY intern: "I can handle the bar myself tonight."  Then she asked for his help once it started filling up.  What a bitch but whatever!I'll definitely go back.  It had a cool vibe!
4	Time Out is like a New York subway train: Every time I step inside, I fall in love with some gorgeous scene girl with cowboy boots and a vintage buttrock shirt.I love the cushy booths, the reasonable drinks and the jukebox. I'm not crazy about pool tables, but the joint would look pretty empty without them.
4	Hipster Hideaway! When Casey Moores is too packed, this is the best second resort. It's tucked away in this shopping center with a specialty shoe store and a pet store.I usually stop by on Sundays when there's FREE pool, but the regulars can be a little 'table stingy' so you may have to ask nicely. The drinks are pretty cheap and vibe is pretty chill. They have always been super crazy about carding at the door, I guess this is a Tempe thing, but coming here for months every Sunday, do you really have to ask twice?Aside from that, it's nice to grab a booth and listen to the great juke box! Usually the music isn't very loud, so you can have a conversation without yelling into someones ear. Bring your friends and buy a pitcher!
5	This is the best bar ever! TV's w/o sound, awesome bartenders, good drinks, better prices!  It's a dark and friendly place.  You could read a book here or party w friends.  it is cash only but there's an atm in back and a grocery store across the street. pool tables are well kept. the claw machine is kind of a rip...It's my favorite!
4	As a bar, this place actually has the propensity to be something incredible.  As it is, it's really chill and great and I like to kick it there when I have a chance.  With a few slight modifications, I could picture Time Out Lounge being transformed into my permanent hang out.You ever seen that movie Mean Streets?  I could totally see me being Harvey Keitel and Time Out Lounge being my permanent hangout spot.I love the amount of pool tables and the dartboard and the internet jukebox.  I like the whole layout of the bar.  It's very cool and most of the bartenders are really nice.  One of my favorite touches is the tables that have endless amounts of various graffiti in the form of "fuck you's" "so-and-so was here" and strange political points and counterpoints that it all blends together into a nonsensical collage of intoxication.Brilliant.The bathrooms are awesome.  There are murals that have a lot going on.  It's really fantastic after you've had a few pitchers.If you're ever in this part of Tempe and want to have a couple beers and shoot pool, Time Out will do a damn good job.
5	I officially dig this place.I like Time Out because:1.  Super cheap drinks.  Super.  $7 for a pitcher of Shocktop, yay!$2 beers... yay!2.  No stupid patio where I'll be forced to hang out with my stupid smoker friends and kill my lungs.  Dirty smokers must go outside to a non-welcoming patio... muuuAHAHAHA3.  Very chill crowd.  It is rather hipster-y on the weekends, but they didn't seem pretentious at all to me.  They co-mingled with old kooky drunks that were strewn about the bar top very well.So yes, I love you Time Out.  I really, really do.
2	Everytime somebody suggests we go to Time Out Lounge I want to send them to timeout...with a dunce cap on!!!!this place is gross and now haunted. as if the location isn't creepy enough (trashy strip mall on mill) and trust me, I am all into the dive-bar scene, this place takes the cake when it comes to nasty atmosphere. The lighting is awful, and the bartender was a huge bitch once. I bet this place attracts the weirdest crowd. Including ICP/KottonmouthKing fans since it is next to Blaze, your average creeper 55+ pedophilic men,  and the poser hipsters taking a load off after their 6 hour shift as the manager of urban outfitters/american apparel.*barf*I'm giving it 2 stars, because they serve alcohol.
4	This one is a great neighborhood bar.  After moving away a few years ago, I don't feel nearly as at home here anymore (not to mention, it's the type of bar best walked to from the nearby neighborhood), but it's good to see that they still have the classic juke box and usually have plenty of open pool tables.  Great place to relax over a beer.
2	I'm all about dive bars, but this one just kind of sucked.  The bartender wasn't at all friendly or interested in helping us.  The decorations were weird, even for Christmas.  The place had no special feeling whatsoever, so I won't go back.  Oh, and cash only.
5	Our favorite dive bar in Tempe. Always deserted and they get to know you quickly. A few years back it made of the 'Best in Phoenix' lists for pool tables or dive bar, and then it became very popular. Fortunately, those people seem to have shifted to the Yucca on the opposite corner now. I guess I shouldn't wish business away from this place, but fewer tools make it more enjoyable. Cheap drinks and pinball. Weird wicker chair in the ladies' restroom. No food, but you can bring some in. Love the dog when it visits!
3	This is a solid Tempe dive bar.  If you like pool, it is great.  If you like a younger mustache/hipster/punker, crowd this is the place for you.  The layout is great, with booths, pool tables, high tables, then a long bar.  It is scummy, but an acceptable scummy.  The juke box is up there with the likes of Shady's and TT's Roadhouse.If the cash-only thing  is a deterrent, you don't belong in a dive bar.The drinks are poured right, and hey, the service may suck at times, but you are in a fucking dive bar.  DIVE is what that means.I think I may have seen a bartender do a line of coke off of the back of the toilet in the ladies restroom (the door faces the bar, and it opened just in time to see the few people in the can huddled around the toilet).  I can't say that is for sure what happened, but hey, this place is a shithole.  A shithole that some will love, and other won't understand, and more power to those that do.
3	This place is totally aided by having one of the best juke boxes I have ever heard. Not a shitty MP3 player one either. An actual jukebox, where the employees change the CDs! I have listened to friend's bands on this juke box which is kinda fun!Nonetheless, it is a dive. It has all of the dive qualities, drunk regulars, middle aged women who are still hanging in bars and ratty pool tables. The bartenders are pretty cool, the menu is nonfunctional at most times and if someone spills a drink on you, they will usually buy you another or are going to fight you.
3	Time Out Lounge: where hipsters go to die. You can always count on seeing all the same people here on a regular basis. This depressing little cash-only dive bar is sometimes our last call spot when we are out and about in Tempe. Entertainment is provided by several pool tables, one dart board, and one sad little jukebox. The bartenders here are strangely high spirited and friendly considering they deal with the same drunk wankers every single night! Thursday nights get a lil rowdy here when Borisimo spins some sweet tunes... probably Time Out's ONLY saving grace! That and the cheap beer...
4	Everything you want in a good bar: Strong drinks. Quick bartenders. Cheap pool tables. Good jukebox.Amazing little hooks in the high tables for pool cues. Yes. Go there.
3	Good spot, but can be a little hit or miss. The patrons are always a different type of people depending on the day or even time of day. It's a shot and a beer, keep 'yer head down kinda spot.
4	Favortie dive bar in Tempe. Awesome jukebox but the atmosphere can be hit or miss (really only a miss when people are watching T.V. and I cant play the jukebox). Cash only but there is an ATM onsite. 3 pool tables, a dart board, pinball machine and Galaga fill this moderate space.  No lock on the men's door so dont sit near it unless you want a little peek :)
3	Another local dive, though you wouldn't know from the outside. Located in a strip mall, Time Out Lounge is a good place to start off your night. Cheap drinks and no cover, and an awesome juke box with all kinds of punk, metal, and 80s music. Multiple pool tables and a few arcades litter the inside. Minus a few stars for not being able to make me an Old Fashioned. How hard is it to have bitters?!! It's not like I'm asking for a key lime pie martini! Other than that Time Out is a solid place, check it out!
5	this is walking distance from our house.. drinks r strong and cheap
4	Small dive bar in a strip mall.  Best bar tenders to talk to, and such a laid-back atmosphere.  If you want to play pool or if you just want to sit in a corner booth with friends and listen to /reminisce over high school music, this is the place.  I have gone here with my girl friends and I have never felt uncomfortable.  A great way to cap the night off, or to start it up.
1	The bartender was a bitch. She was young and inattentive and spent the whole time chatting with her boyfriend at the end of the bar. He is also a jerk. My whole group left after 1 round.
5	Alex provided stellar customer service in addition to making a fantastic Bloody Mary.  The ambience is just what I look for in a drinking establishment.  Also they have coors original on draft, which is a real special treat.
