1	Received another unsolicited telemarketing call from this company today.  They have been making their unprofessional sales calls for many years now, and the reverse lookup of their phone number is indicative of their ongoing attempts to badger the good people of Phoenix.  Their newest addition of "mortgage protection" is another B-grade product with little benefit to homeowners according to my review.The folks at Design Benefits seem to not be getting the message about the Do Not Call list, and I, for one, find it frustrating they continue to be a black mark on the insurance industry here in Arizona because of their tactics.  I have to wonder if they are still part of Southwest Resources (Bob Harden's group) that also used to pull the exact same diabolical tricks, as these two companies were once aligned.Typical behavior in a call from them is to not reply once you've answered (like a robodialer would do), breathe heavily or mumble, pitch health insurance if you're the business owner, or ask for the names of people in the company in an attempt to solicit again by phone or mail.  Reporting them to the Arizona Department of Insurance seems to have no effect.If you happen to receive an unsolicited call from them (480-612-0250), I recommend you follow these steps:1.  Ensure your employer or company doesn't use them for their benefits management.  If they do, then Design Benefits can call you UNTIL you ask them to stop.2.  If you are certain you're not utilizing their services in any way when they call, demand that you be removed from their list and that they confirm it has been done.  Register your telephone number under the DoNotCall.gov website if you haven't already done so.3.  If they call again, remind them you're on the DNC list (if you're on it) and/or have requested they stop calling.  Further calls subject them to fines or other disciplinary action.You are allowed to file a legal claim against them if they continue from that point. Search the web on how to do so.If you're seeking insurance of any kind, I recommend going somewhere else.
5	The phone number you posted doesnt match the company profiles number you realize that right
1	This company continues to make unsolicited calls to companies.  They never leave a message, just hang up.  Regardless of how many times you ask them to stop calling, the calls continue.   Absolutely horrible company!
