2	Is it a Pittsburgh thing? Maybe so but that is no excuse for this crumby diner chain. The few times I have dined (if that's what you want to call it) at an E'nP I felt like committing Sepaku (Hari - Kiri). I never got sick from the food but more disgusted with myself for stooping to this level of gastronomy. Nothing really worthwhile on the menu (maybe a burger- how much can you mess that up?). My gut just tells me not to trust E 'N Ps.  No offense to truck drivers of America b/c they keep supplies on our selves but It  reminds me of a truck stop restaurant without the truck drivers. I always seem to migrate to the salad bar and get weirded out for having to deal with the utensils that pick up the salad. So I wind up washing my hands after getting my salad stuff. The waterfront  E 'N P is perhaps the cleanest one I have been to but that's not saying much b/c the patrons are kinda off. So an extra star for this location. But it's not like I would ever say to my friends in NY, SF, London or wherever..."Hey when you come to Pittsburgh be sure to go to an E 'N P to get the flavor of the city". Obviously this place appeals to a certain class of people of which I guess I can't be a part of as much as I want to be at times.
2	Just okay. Often crowded on weekends for food that while I'm sure well prepared is not the most flavorful.  This store is literally NEXT DOOR to the headquarters of Eat N Park so it's a safe bet that this is the best one there is.Strawberry pies being the exception to the rule.  There are better places to eat for the same money.
3	Eat 'n Park has become my standby in the area.  I truly do enjoy what I get at this little diner/fast food chain.  Ordered the following items:Stuffed pepper soup and salad barChicken noodle soupBlack angus BBQ burger with macaroni and cheeseHot turkey sandwichPepsiI love the fact that I can serve my own soup and create my own salad at the bar.  I really love the fact that the salad bar has such good ingredients that are atypical for most places.  I would stay away from the pepper soup, it was not very good.  The hamburger is nothing special, but it tastes good, is not overcooked and has a good barbeque sauce with onions that are actually cooked.  The macaroni and cheese is better from Stouffers out of the freezer.  I abstained from the turkey and just relished in my burger and salad (spinach greens, cucumbers, cherry tomatoes, sunflower seeds, and balsamic vinaigrette).  I will continue to return.
4	Eat 'n Park is Pittsburgh's version of IHOP.Great food at cheap prices. Really good salads, sandwiches and burgers. Like Dave P. said, This is one of the better locations probably because it's right next to the headquarters.Service has always been go at this location.
1	Ugh. I've always been an Eat n Park fan, but this place was awful. It was a Friday night and granted it was pretty busy, but gawwwwwd. It seemed like every single employee was around 16 years old. The service was very slow. We ordered an appetizer platter and cheese fries to split. Easy enough, right? Well they didn't fry anything long enough so it was soggy and all the breading was falling off everything. My drink was never refilled. Even worse, we noticed ants crawling all over the window sill next to us!Half an hour later the server decides to ask "You gettin' dessert?" We ordered slices of pie to go. My "slice" of strawberry pie was two strawberries and a few crumbs of crust. We went up front to pay to find one lady at the register (who seemed to be the sole adult employee) counting her drawer and nobody else in sight. We stood there and evil eyed her for a few minutes and she finally took a break from her conversation to say someone would be with us. A few more minutes and finally the girl who was our server rings us up. I asked for a different, ACTUAL slice of pie, which she managed to get about five minutes later. Basically the whole experience was pure torture, which is disappointing.
4	I love eat 'n park. Whenever I come to Pittsburgh, I go to this restaurant. This area is great in the waterfront. It's so peaceful here. Pittsburgh is a beautiful city. Eat n Park has the best pie. I wish we have this at home. Their banana cream pie and their strawberry pie are my family's favorite. Their food is better than IHOP. They are so cheap. You can get a slice of pie for $3.  They have a variety of everything and they are clean. Their cheese fries, milk shakes, and their breakfast menu are great. Not everything is great on the menu but they have everything you can think of in a diner and the best part is they are open 24 hrs a day. If you're hungry in the middle of the night, they have a midnight menu. I like this location better than the one at squirrel hill. The waitresses are nicer and the food is better. We stop here every time we are in town. They are not a fancy place but they have good cheap food. Try the food, you can't go wrong with the money you're paying.
2	Being next door to corporate you would have higher expectations. The breakfast bar is lame. Back home (fayette county) there seems to be a lot more variety such as corn fritters, apple cinnamon "thingies", and little potato cakes to name a few. The salad bar is just as bad, the side dishes they offer are usually ruined with meat which makes no sense to me because the tiny ham cubes and bacon bits are already on the bar so if anyone wanted to add them into their linguini salad or whatever, they could.The late night patrons are a bit unsavory, speaking of which, my ex roommate used to work here and I could tell you some stories but I don't want to freak you out.
3	I went here around 12:30 AM on January 1, 2011, after New Years' Eve. They had a breakfast buffet laid out.I'd barely gone to any Eat 'n Parks this past year because my local one (in Edgewood) is horrible, so I was pleasantly surprised that there was nothing wrong here. We were seated quickly, the waiter handled the beverage orders quickly, and the buffet was fine. No problems at all, except when the place got completely packed around 1 AM and we had a bit of trouble tracking down the waiter to get our check... That wasn't a big deal, though.I can't justify giving more than 3 stars due to the fact that Eat 'n Park isn't exactly fine dining, but we got filling food for minimal hassle, so it was a good experience overall.
4	We don't have Eat N Park in Illinois, so when I first saw one, I remarked to my sweetheart, "eat and park...doesn't it make more sense to park first, then eat?" Yeah, I know, that's like a bad dad joke.   But anyway, to a foreigner like me, Eat N Park is awesome!    We only come here for brunch, and since I aint got no job and limited funds, it's pretty awesome to enjoy a brunch for two for under $20.  The unlimited house coffee is delicious, and I'm not even a big coffee drinker (more of a tea aficionado myself).   Another thing I dig about this place is even though they're very much a meat and potatoes diner, they're really good about accommodating vegetarian diets.  I like the Smiles.
5	The workers here are extremely friendly, and the inside is absolutely beautiful.  There is also a playful statue of the famous smiley mascot for people to see and take pictures with it!  Kids love smiley and so do I!  They have so many great items on the menu to choose from that I have trouble deciding!
2	Yes, I know that it's cheap diner food, but c'mon... You have your corporate headquarters within walking distance and this is all you can serve up? My husband and I were craving a late night snack after seeing a movie a couple weekends ago and decided to try this Eat 'N Park location for the first time. I had always been adequately satisfied at other locations so I thought this restaurant would be worth a try.I ordered several items - Sweet Potato Fries with Apple Butter Dip, Hot Chocolate, and Pumpkin Creme Pie. I think my husband ordered some sort of burger or sandwich. Anyway, every item was problematic in some way. The fries were good, but the apple butter was oddly thick and sweet. The hot chocolate had "creative" chocolate syrup drizzling, that was running all down the cup and saucer. I had to carefully drink the beverage - which was OK - because I was afraid that I would get the syrup all over my hand, face, and clothes. The pumpkin creme pie looked like it was sliced by a 5 year old. It looked like it had been carelessly cut and plopped onto the plate, where it appeared very flat and unappetizing.However, our waitress was the sweetest, middle-aged woman! Our food took a little time to get to our table (not too bad though) and she comped two of the items (I believe the Hot Chocolate and the pie) from our bill. She was very attentive and kind while we dined there, and I made sure that my husband gave her a good tip. If I remembered her name, I would definitely mention it in this review.However, despite our kind service, I'm not planning on returning to this location any time soon.
5	Fow what it is this eat n park really is a lot better then i remember. I also really like and approve of them offering healthier lower calorie option that have some variety and taste good.
4	We had a really nice Sunday brunch here today. It exceeded my expectations which were admittedly very low. We needed some healthy food options for our 1.5 year old as well as enough comfort food to satisfy our starving and lazy weekend bellies. There was a short 10 minute wait for a table at around noon but the hostess was nice enough and they gave us a big, clean booth with a partial view of the river. It took another 10-15 minutes to get service although our waiter did pop by to say he would be right with us. Another waitress took our order in the end and they comped us for one buffet. So the three of us ate for the price of one since kids five and under get a free buffet with a paying adult. ($7.99)Ok enough about the service which was slowish but it's a full house at that time so understandable . The food:The buffet was constantly refreshed and each container overflowing with hot food. My favorites: really well cooked fried chicken perfectly salted and complemented with Frank's red hot sauce. Biscuits and gravy, the biscuits were a little dry, mini peirogies, cooked baby carrots, really nice mini pancakes, stuffing, bacon, and ok-only home fries. It's too bad cos I generally judge a place by the quality of their breakfast potatoes but in this case the fried chicken more than made up for it. My husband had some decent salad and good clam chowda.My kid ate everything on the other end of the buffet: cherry tomatoes, cottage cheese, cooked baby carrots, cantaloupe and honeydew melon, pineapple, bits of peirogie and chicken. The waiter gave him a shamrock sugar cookie at the end of the meal. We helped him eat most of it :)There were a few misses: French toast were disappointingly dry and hard and the buttery/oniony noodles were undercooked. Other things looked good but we couldn't try it all: mini-waffles, mash potatoes and gravy, sausage patties, cheesey sauce, scrambled eggs. We'll just have to go again in a few weekends. Alright folks, don't need to run out and crowd it up but that fried chicken... Mmm mmm.
4	I like fast food as much as the next guy but I dont like these gimmick places. The food was fine. the service fine. It was normal and affordable. It was extactly what I thought it would be. Nothing went wrong. Everything turned out great.
3	Food is decent. Service is always hit or miss. Great for a quick family breakfast. Buffett for kids is free with an adult. Boom.
