4	(Catching up on reviews from my last trip to Phoenix Oct. 19-22)This salon is the epitome of a Senior Citizen salon. Yes, it is Sun City, so I wouldn't expect any differently, and their hours cater to seniors-open 8am-4pm M-Sat. It is a cash/check type only place and there is a nail salon connected to the shop as well.Why am I writing a review for this place? Well, this is my Grandma's hair salon and she has a weekly appointment here. If I am in town when she has her appointment, I take her. I think I have taken her here 3 times now (twice this year) and have seen her hair after an appointment more times than I can count. They do "old lady hair" and they do it just fine for a reasonable price. Her beautician is very nice and low key.The real reason I wanted to write a review for this place is that in late July, the appointment my Grandma had here saved her life. How? Well, there were two retired nurses getting their hair done at the same time and they noticed a wound on my Grandmother's ankle. My Grandma had a biopsy taken earlier in the week on a possible skin cancer and sure enough, it turned out to become infected with MRSA and landed her in the hospital for a week and in a rehabilitation center for 3 more. Old lady hair do's or not, my Grandma is treated right here and at 88, here is where she will be every Saturday at 1pm.
5	Audrey is the best!  She styles my Mom's hair just the way she likes it, and she is very pleasant to talk to.  My Mom loves her!
4	Benny cut my hair and it looks really nice. He is a good friend and I was happy to come support his local business of 21 years. Everybody was so nice and friendly. I was the youngest person possibly to ever land foot in the store under the age of 60 (everyone was asking who's grandchild I was) but I had a lot of fun!
5	I have read several positive reviews about your salon on the Internet and would be interested in talking with you about employment, as your salon seems to specialize in my area of expertise.Please respond to my email at:jority@gmail.comMy name is John Rittenhour and I along with 2 others are currently working part-time at Studio Apollo  in Apollo Village.  I will be happy to extend to you my current resume and vocational records.Most sincerely,John Rittenhour
