5	My husband and I are cheap, so we were thrilled when we discovered this place (unfortunately on our last day in Vegas.)  We couldn't believe we got good-tasting, non-fast-food for about $18, with tip.  It was hands down the best deal we found, food-wise.I got quesadillas, he got the club sandwich.  Delicious.  Service was fast and friendly, and our food was served super quickly.  Well done, Ocean One.
4	Cheap eats with a small but well spread out menu.  For breakfast, everything is under $9 and includes anything from omelets (decent) to cereal.  Service was fast and courteous, and there's seating outside of the restaurant to people watch.
4	Recommended to me and BFF by a friendly mall security dude at Planet Hollywood as we were looking for a breakfast joint. Nice ambiance and cheap yummy breakfast combos. I can't exactly remember but we paid a little more than $20 for both of our meals.  Service could be a little better but they made up for taking our picture. :)
5	We came here for dinner on our first day in Vegas.  We walked from the casino next door to the new Miracle Mile mall.  The mall might be attached to the Planet Hollywood which is too the right of it.  We were able to get a table for the eleven of us without much of a wait.  This was nice considering we had 4 hungry kids.  I was also impressed that we were able to get a table so quickly on a Sunday night.   Prices here were decent which took me by surprise.  It's a nice restaurant, large in size, and a bar in the middle.  After we all ordered, our server brought out some cheese pita bread for us to snack on.  It wasn't actually long before all of our food came out.  I don't think we even finished all the bread.  I ordered the Mahi sandwich, and it was great!  The Mahi was so tender that it was falling out of my sandwich with each bite.  I was also able to have some of the seared Ahi my brother ordered.  It was good, but I'm glad I order the Mahi.  I washed my pallet with a pint of Guinness... aahhh!!!
2	Service was terrible - the server was so rude he caused one table to leave and another to switch seats.  That was too bad.  He couldn't have been less pleasant or more unhappy.We went here for a very late lunch, and didn't get any complimentary anything - I was surprised we even got water.  The inside of the restaurant was actually surprisingly nice - it felt a little out of place, but in my opinion, all of Vegas is an anomaly.Three people got the pasta dish with an unflavorful red sauce and some veggies.  They all said they could have made it better at home.  I got a mahi-mahi sandwich, and it was pretty decent.  The fries on the side were "seasoned", which meant some Cajun salt and pepper. For what we paid (less than $21 for four meals), we got more than we would have at, say, McDonalds.  The only redeeming quality of the restaurant was that it was very inexpensive.
4	This restaurant was SHOCKINGLY cheap. I'm talking $5.99 for a HUGE margharita pizza, $5.99 for a delicious salad with chicken, $5.99 for a burger with fries, and an all-day happy hour which featured 2-for-1 drinks (any mixed drink or wine)-- and the beauty of Vegas is, you can take your extra drink to go! If you need a break from gambling, don't want to eat Burger King, but don't want to pay more, I highly recommend Ocean One. This is a recession, people. It might not be the most gourmet dining experience of my life, but sometimes great value outweighs culinary genius.
2	Located in the Miracle Mile Shopping Mall at the Planet Hollywood, you'll find this little restaurant called the Ocean One Bar and Grille.   They offer seating inside the restaurant and outside in a faux outdoor scene.  We ordered the Margharita Pizza and a house salad, costing nearly $20.00.  Most dinner entrees average between $8-15 here.  The Margarita Pizza (ours about $8.99) was the highlight of our dining experience, mediocre in taste.  The salad, however, could have been better.  Not much of a flavor to be desired as the Vinaigrette tasted different than any we've tried and they doused our salad in it.  Summing up this review, I personally would not give this place another try, but to those looking for a fairly quick and cheap meal in or near Planet Hollywood, this a decent stop.
3	Ate here last week with the hubby. Everything was ok. Our server was nice. I think the decor of the place doesn't really match the menu....but, I guess it's Vegas right (it looks like it will be all nice and the menu is pretty generic). We got the spinach dip appetizer, which was fine. There was a lot of cheese...nothing spectacular about it. Had the Mahi sandwich, which was okay. My fish was overcooked and dry. The fires were okay. The sandwich was only 9 bucks, so I can't really complain. Not the best, but not the worst place if your looking for somewhere to stop without spending an arm and a leg.
1	We only came here because I it was listed on restaurant.com -- We had a $25 off certificate if we spent over $35 -- the coupon says that it doesn't include tax or tip --- so we assumed alchohol could be used too.  (i've used plenty of these certificates with alchohol) and we ALWAYS TIP 25%+ (on the original) when using these... just for the record :)  We like them because it saves a few dollars, even after leaving a really great tip... we've both worked in the industry, and wont leave less than 25%... just dont treat us like shit!    We went in around 8ish... we wanted to get a few appetizers to try and some drinks..  We showed the bartender our certificate, and he says "do you want a table?  you can't use that up here"   .... ummm okay sure... he obviously (and rudely) didn't want to wait on us because we had a "coupon."  We were taken to a table, and given a menu... the server says "you can't use those certificates for alchohol"  ... whaaaaat?  we looked at the menu and nothing was over the 9dollar range... meaning we'd both have to get entrees... an appetizer... maybe soup and/or salad and dessert??  lol... no way... i can't, nor want to, eat that much at 8pm... The service, so far, was so rude.  My husband just wanted to leave and go somewhere else.  I didn't really wanna order a feast of food either... so we got up and left... without grabbing our certificate off the table... I figured it would just be thrown away anyway, and didn't plan on coming back.  So, i got an email this morning, from restaurant.com, asking how the experience at Ocean One was.  (this happens after the certificate is used, and validated.) ... so, apparently the server must have grabbed it , and used it the next time her table paid in cash (i guess if you had more than 2 ppl , you might get a check over $35)Anyway, wouldn't that be theft?  I still PAID for that certificate, and could have traded it for a different one... or maybe come back when i had more ppl with us... (most likely, though, i would have just thrown it away, but its the point that the server would use a certificate that someone left behind on accident)So, that thief server got an extra $25 for doing nothing (exept be rude to very awesome customers who tip really well!)
3	Cheap prices for high quality service... not high quality food though!  It's not nasty, but you do get what you pay for.  The food is bland, but I still come back just because it is so cheap!They do have a 3-for-1 drink happy hour though!  mmmmmmp.s. It's only cheap for lunch.  Dinner is a little more expensive.
4	2-for-1 ALL-Day Happy Hour is a good thing considering that Martinis are $10. My dinner visit was enjoyable with good food and attentive, pleasant service. My best description of the atmosphere would be upscale casual. I had the Teriyaki Seared Tuna which was perfectly seared and very tasty. I was looking for more zing from the wasabi mashed potatoes but they were still good. Dinner for one with 2 drinks, tax and tip was $40.
2	Not really impressed by this restaurant. Stopped here mid-afternoon during a recent vacation trip to Las Vegas. I had read they had a decent oyster selection, but when we went there were 3 choices. We ordered a dozen of mixed oysters and then a half dozen of fried oysters. The oysters came out chilled and were pretty tasty. I wasn't really impressed with the accompaniments, but I was pleased with the oysters. My problem though was with the fried oysters. They were 1) gritty 2) overly battered (too much batter to oyster ratio) 3) overly fried. This was disappointing. Also as soon as our waiter realized we weren't going for the more expensive dishes he seemed to disappear. We had to ask for our check a couple of times and then waited several minutes for him to come. I didn't appreciate that. Nothing really special and not worth another visit.
3	When you're in Vegas, just splurge a little and go eat somewhere nice. Ocean One is just whatevers. Dinner here is gonna run you about $25-$30 with a drink, tax and tip, so why not just shell out a little more and go to the Bellagio buffet for all the Prime Rib you want. I got the Double Cut Pork which our waiter said was probably the best thing on the menu, and it was pretty good. I really like the apple sauce/reduction that it came with. Service was decent, but a little sketchy since we kind of had two people waiting on us. I asked for more utensils and one of them responded with a "Que?". Haha.
4	Skipping breakfast was not a good idea. We were exhausted after a whole morning of non-stop walking, getting lost, and finally decided to eat. We chose this quaint little place because of the cheap lunch prices. I had the ceasar salad with chicken (that came with tomatoes and hard-boiled eggs) for only $7.99. My friend had a huge chicken sandwich with fries and that was only $5.99. Very generous portions and very filling. The atmosphere is really nice....borderline fancy and casual at the same time. Great place for a quick and easy lunch. Don't expect great service with that kind of lunch price.
2	Last night I had their half-pound burger. It was more like 1/8 lb burger! It was dry. The wait service was very good. Nice and friendly. Free WiFi! That's probably the only thing good about this place.because we needed to use their WiFi again and hungry too we decided to give them another shot today.  I had the Pepperoni wild mushroom pizza... Hmm. I don't know, but on a 12 inch pizza, shouldn't you have more than 4 slices of pepperoni on it? and shouldn't you have more than 1 mushroom chopped up into 5 pieces? Now I know why this place is cheap. You wouldn't think it to be cheap from the looks of it. The place looks like an upscale restaurant.They need better cooks back in the kitchen. That's all! If I do go back to this place it will be primarily for their free WiFi.
3	Cheap prices, free WiFi, and a recommendation from Tetsu...inspired us to try this place (twice) in the Miracle Mile Shops at Planet Hollywood.  Lunch starts at $5.99 and dinner at $8.99.  The Island Salmon Salad was my favorite.  The mango vinaigrette and marinated onion not only blended with the greens, but worked well with their salmon filet that was cooked just right.  The pistachios added crunch and flavor to this dish too.  The half pound sirloin burger didn't look like it was half a pound, and taste wasn't all that either.  The wild mushroom pepperoni pizza was good in size, but lacked mushrooms and pepperoni.  A crispier crust would've helped too. As for the Grilled Chicken Club...I've had better!   Service was above average though.  Tracy rocks!  She put cherry flavored syrup in my diet coke and allowed us to plug in our laptop into the wall near the kitchen.For low-cost lunch with nice ambiance ON THE STRIP....I'll be back!
4	$4.99 for a LARGE plate of pasta? yay! a few of us decided to get some lunch before heading out of the hotel for the day. we stumbled across this little place while walking around the miracle mile mall. my pasta was good. i actually wanted to eat more but i knew if i did i'd die from all the food. there was that much of it. i didn't really try everyone else's food but the fries weren't bad. the lunch menu starts ta $4.99 and goes up to $8.99. good place for cheap eats! not to mention this place looks all fancy!
1	My friends and I went to this restaurant on our first night in Vegas and it was not a good way to start off our trip! Our server was horrible. Vegas is not very vegan friendly that's for sure. I was going over the menu and i believe there was only 1 veggie pasta but it had a cream sauce. I told the server that i was vegan and he instantly replied with "what is that?" with an over the top attitude and looked at me like i'm stupid or that i was annoying him. i explained to him nicely what a vegan lifestyle entitled and we were able to switch the cream sauce to a tomato sauce. He came back maybe 10 minutes later to verify everybody's order very quickly as if he didn't really care but he actually had it down correctly. Another ten minutes later they bring out the food and i'm presented with a plate of pasta covered in a garlic CREAM sauce. i explained to one of the other employees that i ordered it with a tomato sauce because i can not have dairy. He was much more polite than our server. He took the plate back and then they were able to correct it. The pasta was decent once they got it correct but the overall experience sucked ass all because of our server. I wish i got his name down but i forgot.1 star for the nice employee (not our server).
2	bad food. relaxed upscale atmosphere which does not mesh with the nasty cuisine.
1	Like many others, we stopped by here without checking Yelp first....and the service was HORRIBLE. The lemonade was NASTY and I told one person who was not our server but had come to our table for some reason....and then when the server was going to get our bill I said to make sure not to charge us for the lemonade and he said that I had not complained about it....but I had...just not to him...because the one time he asked how everything was..he didn't stick around long enough to hear the answer. In every other respect, the service was slow, slow, slow, and not acceptable. I don't care if it is cheap...the food is just ok and the service stinks. Go someplace else.
2	I struggled with my star rating on this one.  Two stars seemed pretty low as our meal wasn't *that* bad, but as the rating system says, I've definitely experienced better.A group of family and friends converged on Las Vegas to celebrate the new year and my 40th birthday.  One night my son and I decided to try out Ocean One Bar and Grille.  The prices were surprisingly inexpensive (which should have been my first clue - I mean, even the air is expensive in Vegas).  He was excited to order a virgin strawberry daiquiri, but was sorely disappointed when the waitress told him that all their daiquiri's were pre-mixed in machines.  Oh well - so much for that!We ordered a quesadilla as an appetizer and both had burgers.  The quesadilla was certainly nothing special - even the salsa tasted like it was bottled.  Our burgers came out sans bacon and by the time they got around to bringing us a side of bacon, our burgers were cold.  My son ordered his 'medium', yet when he bit into it, there was no pink to be found.  It was 'well' as can be.  The fries weren't even good - they had a slight "freezer" taste to them.  Our waitress whisked our plates off the table while we were still eating (just taking a break).  Before I could say anything, she quickly turned around and said, "Oh wow, I didn't even ask if you were finished!" and she put the plates back down.  This place, while easy on the wallet, was totally uninspiring.  I won't be going back during my next trip to Vegas.
2	We stopped here on a whim while going through the Miracle Miles shops as it looked like a nice place to dine and unwind. We had the Spinach Artichoke appetizer that was good but a little pricey($9) for the size that you get. Next came our dinner....Margherita Pizza($9)....totally worthless meal... sauce and cheese baked on a tortilla/flatbread....gross!....Filet Mignon($21)...very tender but had absolutely zero taste!!! Service was good and the drinks were good but with so many options in Vegas you could really do so much better as it was probably our worst meal on the trip.
1	Horrible, food was bad, we sat at the bar, the people next to us left about 3 minutes after we sat down. The bartender never cleaned the glasses, or dirty dishes the hour we were sitting there - there were several other spots around the bar in the same sad shape. Saw several people come in and then leave since there was not a clean place to sit.She was busy drinking shots with some friends - it was only 1pm in the afternoon on a Saturday, guess she was thinking it was the end of her shift. I am all for having fun, but not at the expense of customers. Food - don't even bother. much better places for the same amount of $$ to put out and get some quality food.Place looked great when observing from the outside, but the service, food and overall experience was totally a waste of our time and money.Their only saving grace is the location or they would be out of business. please eat somewhere else.Tried to find a manager to talk to - but no one around, must be why the bartender was drinking and the food servers had to get their own drinks for the customers.Foodservice is my business - I wouldn't waste my time calling on a place that does not take care of its customers...they will be out of business before long.
2	This place has got to be the WORST RESTAURANT in Vegas.  The only thing that is saving it are the prices.I guess my fault for eating here.  What was I expecting for prices mostly under $10?  I would have rather eaten at McDonald's.Waste of money and calories.
3	Decent enough restaurant good breakfast and lunch specials if dining on the cheap. The ambiance is pretty nice and the service is quick and attentive. The ambiance is much nice than the prices of the specials would indicate. If you're looking for a nice sit down lunch / breakfast for around $10 then this is the place to go if you are nearby.
3	After laying out at the Planet Hollywood Westgate pool, my friends and I wanted a light and cheap lunch (since we were going to a dinner buffet later that evening).  Part of our group was already eating here and told us about the $5.99 lunch choices... Just what we were looking for!  I ordered the tilapia with house veggies and mashed potatoes and it was perfect!  The fish was tender and moist, the veggies were delicious, and the mashed potatoes were creamy and tasty.  I recommend it if you are nearby and are looking for an affordable meal.
2	This place definitely isn't bad considering the prices. You might want to stay away from the filet mignon, but everything else seems ok. I've been to this place maybe four, five times and it doesn't seem to get better, doesn't seem to get worse.
2	LOCATIONS: Inside the Miracle Mile Shops attached to Planet Hollywood. Next to the Brazilian buffet and in front of the lightening/rain simulation.ATMOSPHERE: Nice big open place. Looks very nice but the food does not match the atmosphere. I didn't like the tables covered with white paper. It was annoying and cheapens the atmosphere. I felt as though that was out of place considering the overall feel of the place. Booth and table seating available. Very good for groups.FOOD: Selection of American food. Very little for vegetarians here except pizza. Mediocre food. Has items kids would enjoy. We ordered the 1. Mahi sandwich which came with fries. The fish was sooooo bland.... Very disappointed.2. Other family ordered the salmon salad and salmon entree, which looked good. Pizza was like cheese on top of a cracker the crust was so thin.3. Creme brulee was quite good with a  thicker crispy layer on top just the way I like it.PRICES: Reasonably priced for Vegas except for the dinner entrees. It perplexed me that most of the dishes were $8-10 then the dinner entrees jumped to $20+. We decided to try this place since we had a restaurant.com certificate. $25 off of a $50 purchase not including tip, tax.SERVICE: Good. No complaints here. There was someone that came by to take our picture and offered a free picture with optional purchased picture. The free picture was on a post card that was a restaurant advertisement basically with our tiny picture in the middle. CONCLUSION: Very disappointed. Will not come again. Soooo much better food in Vegas and even in the Miracle Mile Shops.
2	Since we were staying at the PH and it was scorching hot outside, we decided to eat here for lunch because it was in the hotel. The service was good, but the food wasn't. The burgers tasted like those old burgers elementary schools served and the pastas were just simple tomato sauce that probably came out of the jar.The only thing keeping this place from a 1 star were their happy hour deals. Buy 1 daiquiri and get another for free.Recommendation: If you have to get something, get a Strawberry Daiquiri
3	The $5.99 lunch specials is what reeled us into Ocean One. The quality is average, but the prices are affordable.I was craving a burger, which wasn't so bad. A little dry, but it satisfied my craving enough. If you want to order off the $5.99 lunch menu, I would recommend the Blackened Tilapia. My cousin ordered it and it was pretty good for the price. I'll be sure to order it next time I go here.I wouldn't recommend the Ahi Tuna Wrap, which is on the regular menu. I believe it was about $10. My cousin ordered this the second time we came here and after telling me she didn't like it, I took a bite and it wasn't very tasty. There was too much wasabi, and it just wasn't good in general, which is surprising because I love ahi tuna.The service is ok. It took a while to get us seated, but our server was friendly.
1	Where do I begin.  The food was okay. But that's not what got me to write this review.  Watch your bill CAREFULLY!  Forgot the dude's name but our shady punk server (name started with a "K") tried to slip one past us by charging $2 for hot water (called Flavor Shot on the receipt), and conveniently including gratuity for a party of three!!!  What happened was, I handed him my credit card thinking the bill was a bit high, but decided to check the receipt after.  When he brings my credit card receipt, the itemized bill magically disappears.  I ask for the receipt and find the $2 charge for hot water and gratuity has been automatically included.  His explanation was that when you order more than 6 total items, the computer reads it as being a party of six.  REALLY??? STFU, right???  Asked for the manager, and literally about 10 min. later, some jackass working the bar, is supposed to be the supervisor.  Just the same unapologetic ass pretending to be the manager, with the same sorry excuses.  Long story short, had him redo my bill and forgot to tip him.  So here's a tip: "Don't try to screw over your customers, scumbag!"
3	This is one of the few places in Vegas that does not try to rip you off. I think the best time to come to this restaurant is lunch time. They have great lunch specials at $5.99. I ordered grilled chicken with mashed potatoes and vegetables while my friend ordered the mushroom penne pasta. I think my grilled chicken was better than her mushroom penne dish. The chicken was a little dry, but immerse it in the mashed potatoes and all of a sudden it becomes okay.The most annoying part about the experience is that there is a lady who comes over to your table and asks you if you want your picture taken so you can have a souvenir card. However, as much as this sounds enticing, it is a nuisance because once they bring you the postcard, they also try to sell you your picture. Beware, just kindly decline when this lady approaches you. I do not know why they do this. Also, the seats on the outside of the restroom are uncomfortable (they are plastic chairs). The seats in the restaurant look much more comfortable and I'd recommend sitting inside.
4	Cheap, cheap eats! Really great breakfast and service. The bloody mary was delish and for only $5, it packed a wallop for the small glass.
3	This restaurant was refresshing in Vegas where most places were charging you an arm an leg for meals---they do not.  Breakfast and Lunch are priced well and you can get fast and friendly service with good food for not to much money.HIt this place for Breakfast in the morning....you will walk out feeling full and not like you spent a bunch of money.
2	Cheap and easy for when you want slightly better quality than the food court. It suited our needs as we were shopping on the miracle mile. Don't expect a lot, though--our meals were definitely frozen and reheated. (We had a burger, a salad, and a fish dish). The ambiance is better than the food! If you want better quality try the Italian place directly across or the Brazilian place next door.
3	I seem to write more when I travel than when I'm dining out at home.  This place was simple and easy.  It is located within the shopping mall of Planet Hollywood.I had the BBQ Chicken Flatbread.  Good, could have used a little more BBQ Sauce and a zing of spice.  Was easy to get to from my meeting at the Cosmo across the street.  I wish Yelp would allow photo uploads.  My lunchtime comedy included this young man pushing buffet coupons.  He was outfitted in full Carnival dress with a head piece.  I hope his family owns the joint.  I know the economy is tough but if he didn't have an ownership piece, what did he do to wear the costume.
4	wife and I had dinner.we felt the place was very nice and the food was very tasty.we ordered many smaller things cause we enjoy tasting lots of thingsthe pizza was very tasty, thin crust, perhaps too much cheese (and we asked for very little cheese) but was very tasty.we had the burger which was tastytuna crudo and shrimp cocktail were also very tastygoat cheese salad was just ok.....the goat cheese portion was like a little patty i guess a mix of goat cheese and ricota lightly fried and was very nice indeed.....the salad was okall in all was very tasty, reasonable price, nice location and good eatscertainly recommend
1	The worst, awful, restaurant.    The worst restaurant of my life. Today, I  think of the name and it honestly makes me vomit!!!!!!!!!  EEEEEEeeeK.   My background I'm a registered dietitian and also have a certificate in Foodservice Sanitation.   Now I can continue with my story, my husband and I took a weekend trip to Las Vegas about two weeks ago and decided to stop by Ocean One Bar and Grille to eat before the big shopping spree on our last day in Vegas. Let me start by saying that the first thing that most people notice is the service.  Your waiter has to at least look the part and act like he likes his job.  Well, my friends my waiter was BAD simply the worst.  Like good people that we are, we didn't want to say anything because we felt that it wasn't his fault maybe just having a bad day.    I truly believe that he was having a bad day or something. It took about 30 min for our waiter to take our order.  Second, our main entree came before our appetizers.  For the sake of the reader, I ordered  oysters and calamari for my appetizer and  both my husband and I ordered pasta for our main entree.  While eating my pasta my oyster arrived and to my surprise after eating a couple of oyster and moving the empty shells to an empty plate  I FOUND A WORM IN MY NEXT TO OYSTERS, A LIVE, MOVING, WORM IN MY PLATE  OF OYSTERS.  I started to gage and ran to the washroom. My husband called the waiter and, of course, the waiter took it's sweet time HE finally came to the table and asked my husband "what was the problem".  I showed him my plate and the worm and said nothing but took the plate and came back with my check and charged me for my food and the oysters.  No apology of any kind.  Without make a big scene, my husband calmly asked to speak to the manager.  The manager came to our table and asked the same stupid question, "what was the problem."  My husband explain the problem and he said, "what do you want me to do? Sorry?" in an upset tone, as though he was not sorry.  We had paid for our dinner and my husband took the bill and took the money and told the manager, I thought that you would AT LEAST APOLOGIZE  for which he responded  "I ALREADY SAID SORRY WHAT DO YOU WANT" with an attitude.   Needless to say, please before you go to this restaurant read my review and hope that you make a good decision before  ordering something from this awful restaurant.
1	My two friends and I tried this place for breakfast one morning.  I have to say it has a nice atmosphere with the open windows and pretty fish tank above the bar.  I liked the look of the place but that was all I was going to get that day.Once we were seated it took forever for our very unenthusiastic server to acknowledge us.  Drinks came 10 minutes later.  I cant forget to mention that they served the creamer to our coffee in a gravy boat...HAHA, really?All I can say is the food is not worth the wait.  There was nothing wrong with it for us....it just took an hour to actually get to us.  Mind you, the restaurant was half empty.  Not once did the server check on us...he actually disappeared for a bit.  Someone else was nice enough to refill our water and coffee.  And after we sat at an empty table for 20 minutes, asked a bus boy, asked a server, and asked our own server twice did we actually get a check. Not impressed with this Vegas breakfast at all - room service would have been better...
1	This place hit me in the worst spot... so BAD that I have the NEED to write a review as I'm sitting here.Words escape me at how terrible this place is. Don't let the prices fool you. They're cheap for a reason! Disgusting food AND an incredibly long wait! How in the world does it take so long to prepare shitty food?? Bland, dry, crusty, BORING. My chicken was rubber.Asides from the horrible food, the quality of service is in dire need of a change as well. We let our waiter know that the food quality was very low and instead of being helpful, he SNAPPED right back at us.Save yourself time and money and go elsewhere.
2	This place has not that great food pretty tasteless and their service is mediocre....what they don't tell u is that they don't carry coin change....ceasar salad is bad
1	Upon arriving at the planet Hollywood hotel, we decided to have breakfast in the miracle mile mall. Our waitress seemed to be hungover and kept forgetting to bring us refills. Food quality was poor. One of my friends had the French toast and he said that it tasted like a store bought microwaved version.  I do not recommend this establishment at all.
4	How is it possible to serve such great food at a reasonable rate? Who knows but we had a blast.  Best Mojito I've had in this City.... Try their appetizers Crab Cakes or Artichoke Dip as they are all delicious.
3	This place is pretty classy for being inside the Miracle Mile Shops at Planet Hollywood, where I was staying for the weekend. The breakfast specials weren't too bad... $5.99 for pancakes, sausage, part of a strawberry, and a slice of orange... not many places can beat that on the Strip. I thought breakfast was pretty decent for the price and I especially like their coffee. The service was okay and the waiter was really smiley. Wish I knew they had free internet when I ate there... so you could bring in your laptop or smartphone and surf the net while you eat. :)
2	Swung by here for lunch with friends and we were all pretty disappointed in the food we got. I guess it was decent food, but the main trend we noticed was that everything was super salty. My girlfriend ordered the Shrimp Parmesan and it was literally getting a fork full of salt. We had to to-go it and I brought it back to the hotel and recooked it, diluting the dish with water and letting it simmer. It was pretty good after that, but I didn't pay to have to recook my own food. I had the California Wrap which was pretty decent, but nothing special either. My friend had the Talapia and a chunk of his fish was missing from his plate while my other friend ordered a pepperoni pizza that was just tomato sauce and a few pepperonis on a super thin crust. We were pretty unimpressed to be short..The only silver lining this place has is that their drinks special is quite legit. This is actually where I'm giving it a few stars in this review. Two drinks for $10 in their special -- I tried the Key Lime Pie which tasted off, but then followed the drink up with their Almond Joy which was basically a disguised White Russian. Pretty good way to wash out the salt in our mouths!
2	Since we arrived at 7AM and nothing was open, we had to settle for Ocean One Bar and Grille.The breakfast plates were cheap.. I think they ranged around 6-8 bucks which isn't bad since it is located inside Planet Hollywood.There was no wait, so we got seated right away. Menus, check.. water, check.. lipstick mark on water glass.. WHAT?????!! Yeah, EW!.. We notified the waitress and she took it away instantly and tried to be very quiet about it. Pretty disgusting :{ which is why I prefer using straws so my lips don't touch those dirty glasses at many places.Most of us ordered omlettes that come with potatoes and toast.It was mediocre.. typical breakfast plates.. not bad for the price I guess.Service was good, water was constantly filled, since I did drink a cup about every 5 minutes... or so. LOL.I'd probably avoid this place..
2	When you are in Vegas most of the places you would want to eat, should have great food on the menu but sometimes they fake it and try to make it but it really doesn't catch on. This Ocean One Bar looks like an upscale place and the menu looks like they would have great food .But it turns out that the menu is a lie and that the food is just plain ewwh. Yes I said ewwh.. how to describe that is a place you should not ever try. My guy had the burger and I had a bite it was a semi decent patty but still probably bought from a store in the freezer section. I got some pasta that I don't remember but it was pretty much on the hard side with a load of cheese. Our service wasn't good and we waited really long for the check to even come to us. I hate when places make you wait forever. The only cool or good thing about this place is the nice seating and also the buy one and get one free drink. The food isn't good and I would say just skip it.
1	Undercooked steak (requested medium got blue), pasta stuck together in clumps, appetizer never delivered to table, water glass never refilled.  Stay away.
3	$5.99 lunch specials. Cheap. Second time eating here. I got the same Penne pasta again but this time it was too seasoned.
1	Went over the 4th of July weekend. Only good thing about this place was: no wait. We got our table quick and was ready to order. I got the steak burger, and my gf got the chicken club. It took a while to get our food. But when it finally came, and I took the first bite into the burger, it was horrible! The patty was so dry and I felt like i was eating those cafeteria hamburger patties from elementary school.  Avoid this place at all cost!! Will not be back!
3	You can't expect much given the prices on the menu, so I would say that Ocean meets expectations.  Food is ok, a good value but obviously pretty average taste and quality.  I've been here before for breakfast and remember their omelets being pretty decent (although accompanied by greasy potatoes).  For lunch, I've tried the salmon salad with orange dressing and penne pasta - both good, but unremarkable.Service could be better.  In addition to being painfully slow (30+ minutes to get our food), my friend tried to substitute a side salad for his fries.  The waitress said this couldn't be done (odd enough), but that she could bring him a separate side salad.  The side salad turned out to be a full-sized salad and was billed individually at more than the price of the sandwich he ordered.  When he inquired, she said there was nothing she could do because the salad "was no longer at the table".  Was weird more than anything else.I wouldn't discourage someone looking for a quick, cheap meal from eating here, and might go back again one day when the line at Earl of Sandwich is long...
1	Came on 4th of July around 11:00 for breakfast. It was pretty busy but not too bad. My friends and I had been there before just a couple months prior and we enjoyed the food and its cheap prices which is why we came back. Too bad I will never go back again.The service was the WORST service I have ever experienced. Food was not good at all; and our server served us COLD toast. Not to mention that when we were sat; it took our server at LEAST 15 minutes to come and greet us. When he finally came, he could sense our disappointment and took our orders right away...You would think he would try to make things better but he didn't. We ordered 2 mimosas which took an additional 15 minutes. Ridiculous. Our food finally came out after which seemed like an eternity. When we received our cold toast; my friend had asked if we ALL could get new toast....He rolled his eyes and said yes..and then sent someone over who gave us ONE slice of toast. ?!!? Everything was terrible. We ended up being there an hour and a half!!!!! It seemed as if they were understaffed. On a Holiday?? Don't know how that's possible..Whatever the case, I will NEVER be back.
2	For breakfast the food was OK, but the service and service practice was TERRIBLE!Our waitress or hostess didn't offer coffee or water for close to 5 minutes after we were seated. The silverware on the table was dirty. We were served the wrong food. We only knew this by poking around in it. When they picked up the food - THEY SERVED IT TO THE APPROPRIATE TABLE! Now mind you we didn't spit in it or anything, but c'mon!When I asked the hostess to send the MOD over she sent the waitress instead. I was not happy about that. The waitress was disinterested and did nothing but make excuses for her errors. We did not see her for the rest of the meal. My companion had to retrieve her own coffee.All in all, and OK place to eat for breakfast if you want a decent meal before your start your day; just don't expect it to be a pleasant dining experience.
1	My fiance and i ordered appet. and drinks to start out.  i asked the waitress if there was any  garlic on the hot wings, she said no.  i asked if they were spicy, she answered no.  when the wings arrived, the first one was very good.  The second was very spicy.  i asked her if there was spicy on the wings, she replied "some on the bottom of the dish, but it's not too bad."  i told her i can't eat spicy food.  She told me it's really  not that spicy.  I tried to eat more.  My fiance tried one and said they were way to spicy for him.  I tried not to be rude and ate what I could.  I nicely told the waitress that the wings were very spicy and next time she might want to tell the customer before they order them.  She was very rude about it.  And said, "it didn't concern her".After I finished eating half of the order of the spicy wings, and our drinks, we decided against eating any entrees.I did ask the manager to come to the table.  He was young and cute, and very rude as well.  He and the waitress insulted me for complaining and laughed and discussed it with some other employees near our table.  He was so rude and they were both unprofessional for laughing and insulting me in the restaurant.I was not asking to get out of paying or anything.  I was simply and politely, letting them know what might make it a better experience for others in the future.  We were very surprised at the service, and the treatment that I received at Ocean One.  We were very disappointed, and embarrassed.  Which is unfortunate, because the decor of the restaurant is quite nice, and it could have possibly been one of our frequent dining spots.We will not go back and will pass the word to our many friends and family members that go to Vegas often.One good thing did come out of the experience however, we went to eat dinner at the restaurant across the hall (an Italian place), and it was wonderful.  The food and the service!!  We ate there the next three nights as well.  (^_^)Thanks for "listening"!!
1	I would avoid this place for dinner. We came for dinner and ordered the calamari for starters.  Main entree was fillet mignon and bone in steak. Special was 2 for 1 drinks. Calamari tasted stale like it had been sitting for some time. It came with some tomato based sauce that tasted something from a can. The steak was prepared as ordered, medium rare but was tough. Drinks came in small glasses and there was not much alcohol  in it. The two daiquiri came to $20. Calamari was $9. Steak and mignon added up to $42. Gratuity was automatically added which I do not agree with. What happens when service is bad?. Service was okay though. With taxes bill came to $90 for two. I think for this price there are better places to go. A good buffet at Ballagio for two is about $70 excluding tax and tips which would be a way better in terms of quality and deal.
1	We were in the area and had just watched the beatles show. We picked this place cuz it was close by and we have some picky eaters in the group and this place seemed safe. The place looks really nice so i give it one star for that but everything else about this place sucked. The service was horrible. When our appetizer came out our server didn't bring us any plates and he didn't come back to check up on us until he came back with our entrees. The food wasn't that great either.
4	I always have a great lunch here and the price for a sit-down restaurant is excellent. I had a sirloin burger with cheese and fries and it was only $6.49. I will definitely continue going here every time I am in Las Vegas and somewhere near the Miracle Mile Shops it is located in.
5	Luckily our hotel PH Westgate Towers is connected to the Miracle Mile Mall so we could walk around. So while straggling around the mall this early morning we came across this place looking for a small breakfast and it was 2 eggs, choice of meat and potatoes for $5.95 so we decided to sit. The staff was very nice and attentive. We both ordered bacon and eggs. We expected a small portion for the price but was suprised at the heaping amount that also came with toast. The food was delicious, being from Hawaii I like to enjoy rice with my meals but these potatoes were perfectly seasoned and went well with our meal. This is the perfect spot for a quick and cheap breakfast!
3	Quick and suprisingly inexpensive.  Try it for lunch and order the Salmon salad and you'll be happy.  The Mahi must have been frozen and the pizza is OK.  Iced tea must be from a powdered Lipton can.  Service is brisk and you always get seated quickly.
3	Most the other reviewers are right. The food is pretty bad, but at least there's a wide range of dishes.If you're part of one of those groups where everyone likes something different, liquor the crew up (or whatever else you need to do) and head here to order from a wide selection of seafood/meat/starch options.Feeling generous. 3 stars.
3	Offers an affordable lunch, which is welcomed while in LV. We each had wraps that were under $10 each, and the only downfall really was that they were filled mostly with lettuce. But hey, it was a cheap price, and was tasty all the same.
4	Decent prices, good food, excellent service. My friends and I walked in around 430, they were still serving lunch. We had a chicken wrap and a steak. The steak was a little over done, and the chicken was a little dry in the wrap, but the fries were great and so was the quesadilla appetizer. I also got a photo with Mr. Corinthian Leather himself!
2	Food was acceptable for the price, being cheap in vegas is a plus at times.  would be 3 stars but had to give it 2 with how long we had to wait during our lunch for another drink and then for the check.
2	It sounds like many of the positive reviews are from the lunch goers. Unfortunately, I had dinner here with the wife and quickly realized we made a mistake. When in Vegas, you have an abundance of outstanding culinary choices and we settled on Ocean One after a long day of shopping and we were just passing by and thought let's just grab something here. Shoulda kept walkin.Our server was kinda funny, though. He looked like a kid and was probably a foreign exchange student or something. Instead of waiting on us, he watched World Series of Poker on the TV. Their 2-for-1 drink special is like any other drink special scam on the strip. Small glass and almost no alcohol. I got my 2nd one to go and it came in a kids cup.My wife ordered a pizza. The pizzas look impressive. Looks can be deceiving. Had the basil and artichoke....and cheese. Lotsa cheese. The pizza was like a heap of cheese, shreds of old basil, and canned artichoke hearts on one huge cracker separated by the thinnest layer of ricotta cheese. Bleh.While writing this review, I forgot what I ordered. I think it was a chicken greek salad. The chicken was meager and the flavor was greek to me.Pass.
3	This is the tale of two reviews and my rating based upon two stars for my meal and four stars for my wife's. We went for breakfast and service was quick and courteous. You can get a cheap breakfast here in a nice setting and we enjoy coming in when in Vegas since it's close to where we usually stay. I had a the ham and cheese omelet and I guess it served a purpose of curing my hunger. It was very basic with some cheese sprinkled on top. Potatoes looked like they were seasoned and would be tasty, but were bland and mushy. Toast was so thin you could have played cards with them. My wife, however, loves the plate that comes with a bagel, thinly sliced salmon, tomatoes and lettuce. It's a huge plate and she always is quite pleased.
1	1 star is to much for this place!!  We ate on a Wednesday night and the place was empty.  The staff were more concerned with watching TV than serving.  We were a table of 3 and the food came out quickly and cold.  The fish was bland, the pasta greasy and the chicken dry.  Our waitress attempted to upsell us on the 2 for 1 drink special, which, when queried on our part was finally explained as we could buy a 2nd drink for the same price as the first (so it's not free!) and get it in a plastic kids to go cup ?!?An automatic 18% gratuity was added to the bill for our party of 3. The place is a disgrace - poor service, terrible food, bad attitudes, hidden costs etc etc.  With all the other great choices in Vegas, give this place a wide berth on your way through the Miracle Mile and spend your money anywhere but here.
4	The food was better than expected and if you want to avoid long lines in VEgas this is a place to consider in the Miracle Mile area. The wings came in generous portions and the penne pasta was very tasty too. SErvice was great!
4	Starving and exhausted from a night at Chateau, my boyfriend and I were looking for an inexpensive lunch on New Year' Eve. We walked by Ocean One when we saw they  had lunch specials (on a weekend? a holiday weekend no less!) We walked in and saw it wasn't very busy. I didn't get the chance to see the reviews on yelp (gasp!) but we were pretty happy with the experience. We got seated and asked for a drink order quickly and our waitress soon enough got our lunch order. We had the calamari to start, and i had the jerk-seasoned mahi sandwich. My boyfriend got the grilled salmon. The calamari came out sort of looking like a mess, in a pool or marinara and shredded parmesan but it was actually really good. I'd never had calamari like that but it was my favorite part of our meal. The mahi sandwich was great, nicely cooked and the jerk seasonings were excellent. A little spicy but not burn my tastebuds spicy. They came with seasoned fries that looked freshly hand-cut and those were great. My boyfriend's salmon was ok. It came with shredded veggies and mashed potatoes that were also sub-par. But for about $7 each entree, it wasn't bad at all. The service was quite slow, but since the food was great, i think they deserved a better rating than my fellow yelpers had previously given them.
4	My hubby and I had a date a night, and we were at Planet Hollywood and saw this restaurant.  It wasn't too busy, so we didn't have to wait for seating.  Inside of the restaurant looked nice and formal, but we opted to sit outside on the terrace.  We had a nice view of the indoor rain storm attraction and passers by. For starters, we had the calamari appetizer and their 2 for 1 drink special.  I had the Hawaiian cosmo and hubby had a cocktail and beer.  For dinner I had the island salmon salad of mixed greens, pistachios and red onions tossed with a mango vinaigrette.  I was surprised that it was a large portion of salmon which was warm and cooked well. The salad was fresh, and I liked the pistachios - it was a nice alternative to a green salad with walnuts.  My hubby had the grilled chicken club with bacon, swiss and honey dijon mayo and mash potatoes.  Overall we enjoyed our meal, the prices were reasonable, and the service was great.
3	01.22.12Sunday afternoon.  Checked out of hotel.  Checked baggage until takeoff.  Hungover.  Need H2O.  Need food.In goes the group to Ocean One.  $5.99 lunch specials are the way to go.  Along with a gallon of water.Not bad for a tilapia meal under $10.
4	Stopped here on Sunday morning and Monday morning for breakfast after long nights in Vegas. The breakfast was great for a low low price.
1	Like most people here. I got suckered in with the $5.99 lunch special sign. On a busy Saturday afternoon in Vegas all restaurants had long lines and the only place that had immediate seating was here. I should have taken that as a warning sign. Plus, I didn't bother reading the Yelp reviews, my bad. We got seated in the "patio" area in the mall along with 5 or so other tables. Next to us was a bridal party with a bride in her tight boob popping dress and veil along with her bridesmaids who had the same type of dress minus the veil and in black. We waited awhile for the waiter to arrive and when he did we placed out entire order.My boyfriend and I each got the grilled chicken $5.99 lunch special, the spinach artichoke dip and waters. The drinks and appetizer came out quickly. The chicken came out shortly after. The chicken was good as was the appetizer.The one star review is not based on food but the service. We only saw our server at our table once, when we ordered. The reason being was he was at the bridal party table flirting with all the ladies and helping them figure out the best deal for them to drink as much as they could for cheap. I do understand that when you are celebrating a wedding or another special occasion you will get some special attention. However, not to the point where you are giving all the other tables on the patio a big FU.How bad was the service? So bad we didn't even get a refill on water. In fact, I had some water bottles in my purse to drink while walking the Strip. Instead we used the water bottles to refill our water glasses.The total was $26 so we paid and took off. I noticed when we left the patio area everyone else that was still sitting there looked just as pissed as we were.
5	BEST MAHI MAHI FISH TACOS ON THE FACE OF THE PLANET FOR 5 bucks for 3 good sized tacos. They were so tasty, juicy and had a great sauce on top, a tad spicy but wow they were perfect. But you need to ask for the 5 dollar bar menus, I also has the two for one drinks, they didn't seem small to me, they were good sized, and strong. I really recommend this place if your shopping at the miracle mile. The bar tender was attentive, then again we were sitting at the bar, not like the other reviews. Had a great meal, everyone was nice, and now all I can do is dream of the day I go back to this fine establishment. Haha
1	the service was SUPER slow for lunch on a Thursday even though my 2 cousins and I were 3 of like 10 people that were dining here.  our waitress talked us into getting their 2 for 1 drink special.  THe first mojito that I ordered was really watered down so I had to ask the waitress to add an extra shot of rum to my 2nd drink.  The only reason why we ate here was because we just arrived from San Francisco, were staying at the PH Towers and were STAR-VING.  I probably wouldn't eat here again because there's definitely better options everywhere else.
1	I would rank this as one of top 10 worst meals of my life. "wild mushroom" pizza was actually a lavash with some semi-melted mozzarella and some regular mushrooms that might have been from a can. The drinks were horrible as well and totally not worth the 2 for 1 deal. Do yourself a favor and go somewhere else.
3	$5.99 deal is a great deal for a meal in Vegas plus the food was really good! First time I went it was myself and my pops and I we both had the French toast which was REALLY GOOD!!! with scramble eggs and sauage...no complaints for $5.99! SO the next morning I dragged myself out of bed and went back for another great breakfast but the only difference was the service was very poor which was crazy being I was there by myself there wasn't much for the waiter to do! I found myself waiting for a refill on Apple Juice that I desperately needed after a long night of drinking, for 26 mins(YES I COUNTED!..lol) then when I was done with my meal I was once again waiting, and waiting for my check...30mins! really?! It crossed my mind to just walk out but I didn't want jail time added to my story of my bachelor party trip! So all in all good food, decent prices but a hit or miss on customer service...
3	Here's the thing. It was 8 a.m. I had been up since 3:40 a.m. to catch a flight to Vegas. I was starving. Ocean One was the first restaurant I saw. Egg white omelet with veggies. Shit ton of salsa. Gallons of diet soda. Great service. CHEAP.Can't speak to anything else, but breakfast sure as hell hit the spot.
1	Wish I had read the other reviews before we decided to eat here.  Seriously. This place is CHEAP for a reason.  I got a burger for $8.99. Fries were cold when served and the burger reminded me of the frozen burgers they served in elementary school except those were served warm and actually tasted better. Others at are table had mahi-mahi, salmon entre, and chicken sandwich.  No one was impressed and the service was lousy.  I had to get up and go ask for silver-ware, asked 2X for lemons for the water which took forever to get and was never refilled;  asked for more ketchup and mustard when the food was delivered and received that about 10 minutes later after I decided I wasn't going to bother eating the frozen cow-patty they served meNewest/Biggest fan of YELP reviews BEFORE I go to a restaurant.
4	Hands down best breakfast potatoes I've ever had!!!!!! Not super expensive, and buy one get one mimosas Saturday morning. Life size cut out of the dos xx guy, and the bartenders shirt said "meh."    hahahaha. Good times :)
3	Mediocre at best. I ate here only because some coworkers liked this place. Nothing special, diner quality food.
5	This review is mainly based on the customer service that I received from the Bartender Jennifer.  She was very friendly, helpful and funny!  The two for one drink specials aren't too bad either.  Happy Hour food is pretty decent; so I would recommend coming here a quick bite.  I had the slides and onion rings (bar food), but they were pretty bomb and hit the spot.  If you're looking for a nice HH bar with good customer service and friendly staff check this place out.
1	By far the worst service EVER! The bartender who thinks she's decent looking is racist! She asked me for ID to accompany my cc "bc it's Vegas" and no one else around me! She had the nerve to bring the check mid meal! Ridiculous! I wanted to spill my drink on her bar to give her a taste of her own medicine but opted to just ignore her after my bill came! Will never step foot here again. Mind you I came a couple of months ago and had such a great experience I came back! Go to Mcdonalds before coming here!
2	Inside the PH mall I have had better. The breakfast was okay priced $5.99 for 3 eggs, potatoes, toast and choice of meat. The eggs were cooked perfectly. The potatoes I didn't care for. They had a really strong taste of bell peppers. Yes I saw some small pieces of green bell pepper but the taste of it was over powering. Nice place pretty empty at the time I went. Also I was expecting change from the server but he gave me two five dollar bills back did he think he was going to get $5 tip for a $6 meal?? So I had to get change again. Oh well.
4	My review is only on the customer service and bar in the restaurant.  I mean come on it's Vegas if you can't get your "meal" in form of a shot or a drink you're doing something wrong, right?!  Well we were out in Vegas for my cousin's 21st and happened upon Ocean One Bar & Grille one afternoon upon seeing the happy hour special posted out front - 2 for 1s.  Ohhh yeah music to my ears...err wait beauty to my eyes!  We sat at the bar which had several people already there, all of who I will say did have food and it looked and smelled amazing.  The waitress promptly greeted us and offered us up menus to see what we could get for happy hour, which was pretty much everything!  From margaritas to martinis to pina coladas!  Also, she let us know that you can mix and match your 2 for 1.  I had to pinch myself to see if I was dreaming as this is usually not the case - especially in Vegas!  A couple of us opted for doubles instead of getting something different and man were they strong.  The regular drinks were also very good and you could tell there was actually alcohol in them - again not always the case with Vegas specials.  The waitress then starting to chit chat with us a bit and upon hearing we were celebrating a birthday offered said bday boy a free shot.  Again I was blown away by this as this is our third trip celebrating a family member's journey into the land of legal drinking and the FIRST time any bartender offered up a free anything.  We all had high hopes of going back to partake in some drinking here again but alas it did not happen however thanks to the great customer service and the buzz that kept us going for a few more hours...until our next stop!
3	Always hit this place up when I'm in Vegas. It's CHEAP and has decent food). I usually go with the grilled chicken- helps me feel somewhat healthy after my typical vodka binge. However this is usually cancelled out by their 2 for 1 drink deal.
3	Looking to go out of the Las Vegas Buffet landscape? Tired of paying 20$ plus for breakfast? Go to the Ocean One Bar and Grille!5.99$ will get you 2 eggs any style served at a cleaned, well set table, accompanied by either Bacon strips, Sausages or home cooked Ham!Bravo, they even serve your toast with homemade strawberry jam, Wow.A good bet near the strip and a sure win!
2	FRAUD ALERTAfter visiting in early June with a large group of friends, several of us who paid with credit card at this establishment were hit with fraudulent charges, both from the restaurant and from a location in the country of Turkey. After calling the place, the girl who answered the phone confirmed that she's received several reports of this during the past week. Apparently there is/was an employee lifting CC #s.Food-wise, it was so-so. Value-wise, the food was pretty great, compared to other locations in the mall.
4	Reasonably priced food and located in the miracle mile mall in Planet Hollywood. Express lunch meals are a great option if you want to sit and relax just enough to get out and about! The photo people in there a pretty pushy though... Decline the photo to avoid the upsale
4	If you're on the strip and looking for a somewhat cheap place to eat, this is it! This restaurant is located in the Miracle Mile Shops at the Planet Hollywood Hotel. Their portions are quite large, so it is best to share. I had their mushroom and pepperoni pizza, which was delicious. The pizzas taste very light, so you don't feel like your belly is growing while you eat. They also have drinks specials - 2 for 1 cocktails. We were in vegas celebrating my friend's birthday so the waitress offered to take a complimentary picture for us. She gave us the free picture and offered larger prints with frames for $20 ($10 each), which is still a pretty good deal if you want them for trip souveniers. The rainstorm is also right outside of the restaurant, so if you sit outside, you can watch the rainstorm while you eat.
5	We've been coming to this restaurant for more than a couple of years now and can honestly say that this is one of the best restaurants on the strip. The ambiance is excellent and the staff is very friendly and efficient. We've tried many eateries on the strip, but always return to Ocean One Bar and Grille.You know this restaurant is going to consistently offer 5 star service, regardless of the server and the entree selection. The price is also very reasonable and not to mention the 2 for 1 cocktails. Fabulous!We were even more impressed with the restaurant this morning. Katheryn, a friendly and professional server remembered us from last year's visit.  They are all so welcoming anyways. But, to be remembered really made our morning.  Katheryn made us feel as if we were part of their family. Thank you Ocean One Bar and Grille for your customer service excellence!  Kudos to a job well done. You have our business and we will be back!
1	I'll start by saying we had a wonderful, friendly waitress who was very helpful whenever needed. This is some of THE worst food I've ever tasted in my life. The hamburger was clearly a frozen patty even though the waitress mentioned it was NOT ever frozen to me. I asked before ordering. It was gray which shows also that it's probably old/not fresh. Sadly, even the side salad was disgusting. None of this comes even close to the grossness of the fish sandwich. Holy moley...just opening the sandwich to look at the fish was an absolutely disgusting sight. For crying out loud the place is called OCEAN ONE, and they can't serve halfway decent fish?? It was clearly old/not fresh and should NOT have been served. Buns were stale as well. Spinach and artichoke dip was edible but not good. This place needs Robert Irvine or Gordon Ramsay to come in and help. I would be scared to see what the kitchen looks like...
5	Awesome atmosphere
3	Helpful staff....thanks, Manuel. Quiet haven, inexpensive meal. But, dammit, a marguerite pizza is NOT supposed to have sauce on it. Hence the three stars.
3	This place was great!  Right downstairs from our hotel, Elara, they have a great hostess and wonderful waitresses.  Went with my son and husband.  Had eggs florentine $7.49 and french toast $6.99.  We also had coffee $2.99 and Diet coke $2.99.  I would say it was a little sneaky of them to not put drink prices on the menu.   The eggs florentine was a little interesting.  Had mozarella cheese and spinach smothering poached eggs and potatoes.  no english muffins, but a slice of wheat toast instead.  kinda nontraditional.  french toast was ok.  They were super nice tho and refilled our drinks and the price was right.
3	I'm not surprised that this place has so many reviews and such few stars. It's so all over the place. It looks like a classy kind of Italian restaurant, and then they have these weird, dirty, sticky plastic menu and random stuff. It had some italian food (brick-oven pizza, pasta dishes, no spaghetti) and then a chicken club, cheeseburger, buffalo chicken wrap...just very random. I suppose it caters to a lot of people. I got the Cajun Alfredo and it wasn't at all spicy. Spinach Artichoke dip was good. Friends got calamari and said it was really bad. Our waiter was kind of unfriendly - he was just awful. We were with a group of 12, and a very reasonable group at that. Before he even took our order, he immediately and very defensively said that he couldn't do individual checks. We never even asked him about it, we all were in couples and triplets and would be splitting it up that way. We were confused and surprised until he said he would do that. He should've just asked us. He also got flustered when we ordered more drinks from him instead of going to the bar...I don't know why, considering our group probably made up a large portion of who was actually in the restaurant. On the plus side, it's cheap and was convenient when we were all hungry....but you get what you pay for.
3	I would eat here sooner than the other two places we went at Planet Hollywood(Strip house and YOLO). I had the Cajun Pasta and it was good. I would come back here if I was staying at PH
3	This was our first night in Vegas and we ended up at the Miracle Mile at Planet Hollywood for a comedy show and dinner.Very nice place and the service was pretty good. The server didn't know what Eel sauce was when asked and that was the only glitch I found.We were led to a great seat on the patio, or as much of a patio as it could be, sitting outside of the actual restaurant in the mall area. It was ok though because the scenery and eye candy were pretty darn good.One of my table mates had a crab cake, which he said rivaled those you find in Md. OK. He's from Maryland so I will take him at his word, even though I never touch the stuff. We had a grilled ahi Tuna done to medium rare and honestly, it was really good.I don't think you could classify this as fine dining, especially given the environment but it was good. The dirty martini, I mean extra dirty, was good, as well. A 4 olive count and lots of brine.It is what it is and it is OK.
4	Excellent Food! Reasonable Prices (breakfast is a bargain!) Awesome Customer Service! Highly recommend breakfast. Had dinner here and was disappointed they didn't serve any soup, however it was a great meal and I will visit again on my next trip to Las Vegas!
4	i went for breakfast.  they have good priced items for breakfast.  there was only 1 waitress so it took a while. other than that it was fine.
1	terrible, immature and rude service.  unfortunately.  very disappointing.  food average.
3	My friends and i usually head here if we want a quick budget-friendly meal that's not fast food.  Most lunch items are about $10-15 and they have a separate $5 happy hour menu at the bar too. They are pretty generous with the portions and most of the food is pretty standard (burgers, sandwiches, pastas, pizza)  overall average- good if you're on a budget and trying to stay away from the food court
2	Tried it for breakfast, hopefully there's somewhere better nearby.  $9 for 3 egg whites scrambled, with a ham slice, potatoes and toast.  Egg whites were sitting in fluid (water, I am guessing).  Just one of my personal pet peeves.  Food was average, waiter was friendly & checked with me, but didn't bother me.
3	Overall average!
3	Food was delicious and affordable! However service left something to be desired. Our waitress didn't once offer to refill our drinks and took 30 minutes to get us our bill, at this time there were only two other parties in the restaurant. When we asked why we weren't receiving good service she said, "look I'm very busy as you can see" umm... Really? With seven other people to be served and two servers you'd think we could get a refill. With that said the food was very good and the portions were reasonable for the price.
4	This place was odd.  Not in a bad way necessarily but just odd.  It is like it wants to be something but cant decide and tries to be everything. I waver between 3 and 4 stars.The ambiance, look, and layout of the restaurant are as if it is fine dining. But they bring you a plastic sticky menu with very ASSORTED choices.   Pork chops, pasta, mahi mahi, teriyaki?  There arent many choices but all none of them lead you to believe that the restaurant is American, Italian, Greek, whatever. They are all over the board. But it worked for me. I had the goat cheese salad which was plentiful and delicious and reasonable. We also had the spinach artichoke dip which was good and plentiful.My husband had a hamburger which claimed was delicious. We also had the 2 for 10 drink specials and they were tasty.Our server was very nice, knew the menu and offered suggestions, and was efficient. She took great care of us.I think we would go back but maybe not.  I cant put my finger on this one.
2	Glad I had the Restaurant.com coupon ($25 off $50) or I'd be upset about our dinner. Our waitress must be the only person on the planet who couldn't understand that the spinach/artichoke dip should come out 1st: the salad, 2nd; and our entrees 3rd. Salad & entree were served simultaneously, along with the question "do you want me to hold the entrees under the heat lamp for ya'?"  Sounds delightful, right?!?  After both the salad and the entrees were done, she then asked if we wanted some more salsa for the leftover chips from our dip. Strange!  Our empty bottle of Pellegrino sat on our table most of dinner & we were never offered (to pay for) an additional bottle. The food & coupon got Ocean One the 2-stars... the service was a 0.
3	Get what you pay for, and it was cheap.  Had a couple of quick meals here and it suited the purpose of being cheap.Doesn't really seem to be one particular genre of cuisine, though they also seem to have something for everyone depending on your tastes.
4	looks classy outside, plastic menus inside, happy hour buy and drink for 10 dollars and get one for free... had a ahi tuna wrap which was good, as well as a shrimp quesadilla, no too pricey and food was good , service was great. this a cheap easy stop if you are in the mall
3	2 lunches, 2 cocktails, tip, $40.How often does that happen in LV? Now,  it's not gourmet food by any means but it was decent, filling, and we didn't end up with food poisoning.  They had several options to choose from and our waiter was efficient and friendly.  Score.
1	Food was decent.. 1 star.Service was HORRENDOUS. Hannah was our server. She got us everything we needed, refills were pretty on point, she checked up on us frequently...BUUUUT-- they have an automatic 18% gratuity charge for parties of 6+. We were a table of 5, yet Hannah still charged us the 18% gratuity. When she was confronted, she kind of stuttered and turned red. She really had no excuse.. All she said was, "oh well at first I thought there were 6 of you guys." Weeelllll... We're asking you about it now, why don't you reverse it(?) Clearly there were only 5 adults. I think this is her way of assuring her tips. I know it's Vegas and there's a bunch of drunkies who don't check their bill... But we're a family here for breakfast. Does this girl really think she can fool us???? Any whom, our restaurant experience was okay overall. Hannah should really rethink who she's about to rip off next.EVERYONE READ THE FINE PRINT!!!! DON'T BE RIPPED OFF!!!!
4	We meant to go to Pampas for the cheap steak n eggs but ended up here due to their better prices. Service was great, food was amazing and I got two very good cocktails for $10. Great all around.
2	It's ok... very cheap at $20 for two entrees at lunchtime but ingredients clearly not fresh or best quality. Also a bad smell in men's toilets.
1	We were pressed for time before our show and were looking for a place to eat inside Planet Hollywood. Unfortunately Gordon Ramsay's restaurant had an hour wait. This restaurant was quiet. That should have been our first clue. Despite there being hardly anyone inside, the service was very slow. My chicken dinner? Dry as a bone. The burgers? Dry and unseasoned. Everything was flavourless and dry. Like a lot of things in Vegas, it had the veneer of being a much nicer place than it was. Even cheaply priced, it wasn't worth it.
1	My girlfriend and I were walking around Planet Hollywood and came across this eatery.  The hostess was dis-interested and didnt tell us who our server was going to be.  Our server did not introduce herself and instead of saying hello the first thing she asked was what we wanted to drink.  Not if we had questions or a simple hello and welcome.  I couldn't believe but our server had a shirt that said "pink" or "juicy" on the back of it, how un-professional was that?!! Did not feel like a restaurant at that point.  We did not get a managers visit throughout our entire stay and we could see him chatting with staff.  I asked my burger Med Rare and it came med well to well.  Not to mention it tasted like it was frozen.  I had asked for rice as a side and got fries.  The place looks like  your eating in a lobby as well very weird feel.  There is no music at all.  Our server dropped our check assuming we wanted it and never asked how it tasted until we had told her that it tasted like frozen meat.  My girlfriend had the marg. pizza and it was bland with no flavor.  Also, they cover up the tables with a piece of paper as if your supposed to draw on it like maccaroni grille.  If you are trying to save on linen costs don't put linen on your tables because then you make it seem like you want your guest to eat at a kids table with paper on it.  I feel sorry for a place that could have so much potential.  I hope in a month or so as I maybe visit it again management reads this and changes.
3	based on the reviews we were really hesitant, BUT I was hungry & my feet hurt & I really just wanted to sit, so we took the chance.  I figured if it was bad, it's $6 in Vegas... we've 'donated' way more than that so no biggie! lol... we had the chicken Caesar & Asian wings.  I thought both were pretty good.  I would go back for those... we didn't order anything else so not sure how the other food is but the service was ok too.  the place is clean and inviting.  I'd go back for a cheap quick lunch ;)
5	Wanted something fast and not too expensive. Sat at the bar for their $5 appetizers, very impressed. We had fish tacos, mozzarella and tomatoes with balsamic, egg rolls and chicken wings. Pass on wings but everything else was great! Bartender Diana was great, friendly, attentive and fast! Very nice personality to her patrons! A good stop!
3	I was wondering around PH following a really, really rough night and my friends and I wound up in Ocean One for breakfast. The place was pretty empty, but we still had to be seated by a server because the hostess couldn't be found. The menu is pretty cheap, so you are getting what you pay for. My pancakes were OK, very far from the best I've ever had. They came with three strips of bacon that tasted like they were cooked on a griddle that doesn't get cleaned very often. My friends had similar reactions to their food - that it was pretty mediocre. The coffee was a little watery, but overall it wasn't too bad. I do have to say, we had some pretty good service. Our server was attentive and very friendly. I am definitely bumping my review up one star because of her. The prices are also pretty cheap, 3 breakfasts and 3 cups of coffee came out to approximately $34, which you really can't beat in Las Vegas. If you are wandering around PH, you might want to try looking for a different place first. If you do find yourself here, lower the expectations.
4	This restaurant was pretty decent .. Clean nice atmosphere and decent food. We had the ahi tuna appetizer & the ahi tuna entree which both were good (if you're hungry, def go for the entree cuz the appetizer is really small). Also, the drinks were great and u can't beat their 2 for 1 drink special especially in Vegas! The booth seats were very comfortable to sit in for long periods of time to enjoy some cocktails after dinner.
4	Gotta like the several inexpensive breakfast options at $5.99. I will have to return to try some of the other food. Eggs, meat, potatoes, and toast for $6. They had a variety of other options at breakfast as well. Wife got a decent sized side of fresh fruit for $2 more
3	Great prices for decent food.  It's a nice place to stop for a quick bite to eat and not spend a fortune on the Vegas strip.  The pizzas are pretty good.  Check it out.
3	It was OK. We went for the $5.99 lunch special. Good deal, right? Kinda...I got the Chicken Wrap with fries. The lady got the chicken breast with mashed potatoes and vegetables. The chicken wrap tasted like it was drenched in Tapatio... Not so great. I'm not that picky but I had a hard time finishing it. The chicken breast was good though. No complaints. Not much flavor, but still good. Service was what you'd expect for lunch time. I'm not big on service, so no complaints. I can't really complain since it was under $13 after tax for two in Vegas. Probably won't be back, but hey... No regrets.
2	Had brunch on 9/2.I ordered pasta, I think it was a bit too salty. My husband ordered steak and egg. Not bad for the price. The server was really nice and helpful.
3	Stopped by here for a quick lunch, since they have the lunch special pricing listed out front.Bonus?  If you sit near the windows or in their "outside" eating area, you can see the indoor rainstorm.Visited on a Saturday, it wasn't terribly crowded, but they seemed understaffed.  The hostess explained that it would take a minute because our server had a pretty full section.Didn't mind that.  She warned us upfront.  However, even as the place started to empty out, the service didn't improve.  I had to go get my own drink refilled at the bar because we didn't see her from the time food was delivered until we had to flag her down for a check.  We were there over an hour just to eat a little wrap.The price is right, but the service is just okay.  The restaurant is well decorated, but the bathrooms were not only in an awful condition, but they could definitely use some updating.  You'd expect a bit more given the other restaurants included within the shops, but I guess you get what you pay for.The food was okay.  Nothing spectacular, but again, it's cheap (and better than fast food), so you get what you get!
5	Came in for lunch. Had excellent two-for-one drinks. Had barbecue chicken pizza and calamari and blackened tilapia. Everything tasted fantastic and the service was really good and fast. And the prices are great as well.
4	While staying at the Elara last weekend, I found this restaurant to be a good place for brunch - both days I was there - with good food and attentive service. Gotta stick with what works for you. I am never in the mood to stand in line for the typical Vegas buffet troughs!
1	The waiter tried to screw us up. Party of 3, added 20% gratuity on top of the bill, then presented only the credit card ticket to sign with tip line highlighted. Will never go there again.
1	Went to Ocean One for lunch yesterday. Really in the mood for a nice fresh sandwich.  The restaurant looks like you're going in for a nice dining experience.  Don't let that fool you.  It's horrible.  First we ordered an appetizer.  Then I ordered the club sandwich.  Everything came out at the same time.  When the waiter put down my club sandwich I said "oh that's not mine food, I ordered the club sandwich". it was mine alright.  Their club is on a plain old hamburger bun with a plain full chicken breast, 2 slices of bacon then covered in a gob of greasy melted cheese.  It was a mess.  Not a fresh club sandwich.  It was disgusting.  I told the waiter that it wasn't a club sandwich and I didn't want it.  He told me too bad.  I ordered it and I had to take it.  Once food was ordered it couldn't be taken back.  Apparently that was the company policy. They don't waste food and his manager wouldn't allow it.  I asked to speak to the manager but he wasn't available and my waiter was the acting manager.  I left the sandwich untouched.  Also, watch out for the 2 for 1 drink special. Another ripoff.  My sister order a glass of chardonnay.  2 for 1, right?  Less than a 6oz pour of cheap table wine and charged $10. Oh, you get the second glass free, but the first one should have been a $3.00 glass of wine in the first place so how is that buy one get one free when both together should have been $6.00.  This place has bad food, bad customer service and is a ripoff.  I guess they think because their cliental is mostly tourists they can get by with this.  So move on hungry folks.  There's so many wonderful restaurants in Vegas and Miracle Mile.  Let places like this go away.
2	This only gets two stars because it wasn't the worst meal I ate in vegas (that goes to the rainforest cafe). We only ate here because we had a groupon. After reading other reviews I'm not sure whether gratuity was automatically added to trick us or because we had a groupon. Either way 18% was added and then there was a line to add a tip! No thank you! The waitress was good enough. She paid a lot attention to us, which wasn't hard since there were three or four tables at 6 PM. I have a feeling that she automatically adds tips to everyone's check so she can manage to make a living. The food was edible. My husband had far more complaints than I did, from raw vegetables to lack of shrimp on his dish. My food wasn't great, but it was hot and freshly made. I wouldn't eat here again if given the opportunity. There are plenty of delicious places to eat in Vegas, and that includes planet hollywood. Look around, there are other cheap options too. On a positive note, they make their ranch in house and it is pretty tasty.
3	Nothing special, just average all around. We sat on the "patio" which was a nice spot and you could hear the thunderstorm inside the miracle mile. It was an odd time, just on the cusp of lunch but still holding onto breakfast. My husband was in a breakfast mood so he got the veggie omelet, while  I was feeling lunch and got the mahi sandwich. The mahi was a little dry and came on this enormous bun that was impenetrable. I only ate the bottom half as the top was about two and a half inches thick and also a little dry. It did come with a tasty jalapeno aoli, as well as lettuce and guacamole which made it edible due to the dryness. Fries were tasty, but also dry. When I asked my husband how his omelet was, he says "fine". So there you have it. Not bad, not good, just average. Prices were fair, for Vegas standards.
3	oh i was hungover. my wife was not. she had a damn half marathon to run in a few hours and all i wanted was some eggs and toast. we didn't want buffet or a super expensive hotel meal. thanks to yelp, we found this place in the miracle mile shops and they were still serving breakfast food at 11am. i was sold. it's right by the rain storm thing in the shopping plaza. service was fine and prompt. i ordered a 3 egg omelette with veggies and it came with a few spicy potato chunks and a piece of toast. it was fine...tasted like something i can cook at home. my wife had the ahi tuna sandwich but said it was super dry. and the bun it came in was like 2 inches thick so she ditched the bun and just ate the fish. it was cheap, i will give that to them. and i feel so "local" when i don't eat at denny's. it did the job and within minutes....i still had a damn hangover.
2	2 stars only because the food was alright but everything else a failure.Since we were already at Planet Hollywood for a show...we figured we'd check Groupon to see if any of there restaurants had a deal before dining. And hey what do ya know...Ocean One popped up. Walked in and immediately got weird vibes. No greeting from workers...but at the same time...couldn't tell who was working or not being that they were all in their own sweaters. Odd for a place that looks classy..from the outside.Get to our table which was also strange because they had a piece of butcher paper over a white linen table cloth.   Saving on linen cleaning? There are some beautiful looking light fixtures throughout the restaurant but....none of them were on.  Saving on electricity?Basically....looked like it WAS a beautiful classy steak and seafood restaurant that was taken over by someone that has no clue.Server greeted us with 2 waters and a blank stare...then asked what she could get for us. I ordered a Pinot Grigio. My husband asked what was on tap and got another blank stare and "um...we have Pinot Grigio....and....Stella and Blelue Moon". He orders his beer, and we both look at eachother in awe. What on earth was that?!? Lol. Weird.We then notice our water glasses were filthy so my husband asked for another. Then we get our beverages and my wine glass had some disgusting stuff on it. Geez. Really?!?I know it sounds like we're drama diners but we really aren't. Just letting you know what to expect.I ordered the Miso Salmon..$18.99 and husband ordered the Chicken Breast $15.99. All in all...pretty good. No major complaints.Got our check and noticed they automatically put gratuity on there. So make sure you check it!! We usually tip more than what was included on there but because our server never bothered to let us know, we did not leave extra. Their loss.Try it for yourself but you get what you pay for. Its just an odd environment, we'll just say that Groupon got us in but, we won't be returning. Should've dined at the Oyster Bar just a few steps away.
4	Incredibly cheap place to grab a quick lunch.This is the only thing that makes it good.  $5.99 lunch specials big enough to share!
4	We went here to hang out and have some drinks before the fireworks on New Year's Eve. The bar is perfectly fine, although the draft beer selection =2. On the other hand, they have Don Julio shots so life is good. We tried a piece of apple pie and it was delicious. I liked the bar because it was not crowded or smoky like so many other bars on or near the strip, so you could actually have a conversation. The bartender was friendly.
2	Food was not bad - generally boring/average, but cheap and what we expected, so you get what you pay for.  The apple pie dessert was quite good, as was the service from the waiter (especially considering he was left to handle quite a large section by himself).  We sat on the patio, which was nice because you got to experience the "thunderstorm."What stood out the most was the check.  When we received our check, we noticed the restaurant automatically added gratuity. What makes this even more sketchy is that we were only a party of three and when we got the final check (after the card has been swiped), there was an empty line for gratuity and no mention that you had already paid an 18% tip.  For those people not paying attention, you would end up tipping again on top of an even larger amount.  I actually spoke to the hostess about this because it seemed so blatantly dishonest, and she confirmed this is how they set up their system.  This is an easy way for them to rip off customers, so be aware.
4	Great lunch specials for $5.99 and 2 for 1 coctails, 2 for $10
1	There was a hair in my husband's food. Not once did the manager come out to speak to us. When asked for the manager we were told he was busy and he would be out soon, then someone came out and said that they were the supervisor/server and the manager/owner was not here, the name we were given was Ray Bloom. Upset of how poorly this was handled. Will NOT be back!
2	Ok, so I went here on Valentines Day with my other half. The food was alright, but I have had better, especially in my trips in Vegas. I was trying to find a place since my other half and I were seeing two shows to eat in between. It looked really cute, and had "outside seating" meaning an outer terrace but not outside but rather outside on the inside of the hotel. The food was not as good as I had hoped. Although the Pizza my other half had was amazing so I would recommend that! However for as cute as it looks it was not romantic, was slow, the customer service was not great which is surprising for Vegas. It is certainly a place to go if you just want to eat something fast, but don't be expecting much. And do not go there for romance even if it looks charming you can go else where to "whoo" your loved one. I would even try the place across the way it looked better, I checked it out when we were done eating.
1	One star because they got 86 dollars from my credit card for a 36 dollars diner. I just ordered three thicken sandwiches and cup of juice. I clearly remembered that the bill I signed was about 36 dollars.  I don't know how did they do this. What's more, it was the first time that I payed for a cup of hot water in the restaurant...
3	This is a casual restaurant with patio seating in the Miracle Mile shops.  We came here for the $5.99 lunch specials.  I had the blackened tilapia and my husband had the buffalo chicken wrap.  Both were good, especially for the price.  Our server, Carlos, was very attentive and came by several times to check on us.  If you're looking for a cheap place to grab lunch, this is a great option.
4	Compliments to the chef.  Both I and my friend ordered steaks and they were done to perfection.  Reasonably priced and nice staff. Well done Ocean One.
4	Awesome for breakfast and affordable. Came here with my girlfriends basically everyday on our Vegas trip last year. Back here with my significant other and it's still good. $5.99 breakfast specials with 2 for $10 mimosas. I love it. The poached eggs are amazing. Def worth the walk from the mirage!!!
3	I was going to a show last night and Ocean One Bar and Grille popped up on Groupon and I got one.  I have walked around the Miracle Mile Shops looking at the menus of various places, but until now, I hadn't eaten in this area.  The Groupon gave me the excuse to go.I had a reservation for 5 PM, unneeded as it turned out.  I looked at the menu while my server, Tracy, brought my iced tea.  For a starter, I ordered the sesame tuna.  It was  5 pieces of tuna, previously seared and arranged on a bed of seaweed salad with wasabi cream and pickled ginger topping the salad.  The tuna was dry.  It was just stored too long before being used.  The plating was certainly nice but the dryness was very noticeable.For the main, I ordered the filet, cooked blue.  The server returned from another table and checked with me to make sure that's what I wanted before putting the order in to the kitchen.  See the photo to see that it was cooked the way I wanted it.  A plus vote for that.  Along with the filet were some mashed potatoes and some yellow and green squash stings with carrot strings.  The vegetables were very good--crisp and not overdone.For dessert, I got the Peanut butter cheesecake.  It was good and had a nice peanut butter flavor.  Overall, the meal was OK.  I'm glad I tried it once but I probably wouldn't come back.  I was disappointed with the tuna appetizer.  Without the Groupon, the dinner would be very similar in pricing to some of the steakhouses at Strip hotels.  There are better choices with nicer atmospheres.
4	Staying at the Elara and was pointed here by a store clerk in the mall. She said it " the food is good and pretty cheap"...indeed it was. I had the warm goat cheese salad which was very tasty and at $9.99 reasonable by Vegas standards. They offer six different $5.99 lunch items as well!
2	Sheesh. This place was half empty today and they took an hour to bring me the wrong dish. Baked chicken on Caesar salad. The chicken was cooked very well, but the romaine lettuce was sloppy and old.
5	Famous Simple pros and cons! No babble!Pros:Great location if at PHGreat dinner prices - as cheap as $9Delicious food for the price Brick oven pizza and calimari were fantasticNot greecy, not salty, pretty healthyGreat fast serviceGreat for dates - nice decorEvery hour see lightning from the patioCons - honestly none that I can see.Side note to 1 or 2 star folks - if you expect $100 ass kissing food and service at $15 prices then go to some french sissy restaurant and dont complain.
5	Me and my boyfriend enjoyed the food & especially our waitress. We ordered wings and fries with a pizza. The good was great and our waitress was very attentive. I would definitely please. The prices were very good and we got 2 for one drinks. The drinks were not the largest but we won't complain.
4	Nice happy hour. Fast service. Never a wait. Great place to go in PH prior to a show.
4	I thought a three star was to low. Server was in it. Breakfast was good and great price. Not sure about lunch or dinner.
1	I usually expect great service and decent meal portions from this place but today was a different story. I ordered the same thing I usually order and when I looked down at my order, the portion was almost half as small as the last couple times. The food was lukewarm at best and lost something between now and two months ago when I last ate here.We asked the waitress for lemons which she never brought us and when reminded, she didn't acknowledge and gave a snotty look. She did end up bringing us lemons however had to be asked to refill our drinks that were clearly empty. Keep in mind we asked her politely on all occasions. This was a horrible dining experience and when we received our tab saw that gratuity was already included in our total! Could this be why the waitress seemed to not give a care? Earning money wether or not she performed?My wife asked at the front to speak to the manager and guess who it was? Yup, you guessed it. Our waitress. Her name was ANTONELLA. Antonella made no attempt to accommodate our group and continued to be snotty. Causing a huge scene in her restaurant and setting a negative example for those working under her. Antonella needs to get with it, or find another job because there's plenty of people out there that need jobs. P.S. On the way out, I informed a couple inquiring about the restaurant about our experience and they walked the other way. EAT SOMEWHERE ELSE.
1	First off, I'm going to get straight to the point and state this restaurant's service is absolutely horrible. This was the second time I visited the Ocean One restaurant while being in Vegas, and I recommended the food to others. My first experience was okay, just like any other restaurant, however on my second visit i know I will never be back. When seated, my group of friends asked for waters, with lemons. Our waitress acknowledged she would bring us lemons, and she didn't. While we waited we finished our waters, and when she finally came by our table, one of us asked her for the lemons. The waitress simply made a "mm" sound as acknowledgement. She brought the lemons a bit later, and by then, our cups of waters were empty.We then asked her if we could have refills on our drinks, and she again took awhile to refill them. Keep in mind we should not have to keep reminding her for refills when we clearly don't have any water or drinks. Soon after our orders arrived, and we began to eat. Again, no refills on our waters, and not once did she stop by and ask us how we were doing or if we needed anything. Actually, she didn't even come near us, at all, for us to flag her down.We talked amongst ourselves and agreed she didn't deserve a good tip, if any. We finished eating and sat at the table, with no bill. We were in no rush to leave, however if we were we clearly wouldn't have been able to since she wasn't checking on us to bring one anyway.One of our members got up and asked her for our bill, and shortly later she brought it to us. We were upset due to the gratuity being added to each and every ticket in our group, which consisted of approximately 4$. We strongly felt as if she did not deserve that, so again, a member went to an employee and complained about the automatic gratuity, and asked to speak with the manager. The employee then walked over to our waitress, who was in fact the manager. We were amazed to discover this, due to the service being so horrendous and her not knowing any better on how to manage a restaurant The manager, who's name was Antonella, be came really snotty and told us there was nothing she could do, and that the gratuity was automatic. We realized there was nothing we could do, so we just told her the service was not worth what we were being forced to tip.    Antonella then replied (without an apology) that it is not her fault and she had a full house.We looked around and the place was half empty. Free tables everywhere. She then turned her back to us once we pointed this out. Over all, this was a horrible experience and I will be back.
3	I've been here a few times for their breakfast, because their omelettes are terrific and reasonably priced ($8.99).  My only gripe is with the service, which was great last time and terrible this time.  We were pretty much ignored, and the waitress only came by when she absolutely had to.  And it's August in Las Vegas.  You could at least ask if we wanted more water (after we drank all of ours 10 minutes in - she never refilled).  I'll probably go back just because the food is really good.  I'll just cross my fingers that I get a decent server.
3	At first site of the menu I wasn't impressed, but once the food arrived I was indeed satisfied. And the peanut butter chocolate pie topped it off at the end. I love how mostly everything on their menu is grilled, great healthy place to eat with family! Nice and Affordable
5	This place is pretty good and conveniently located! It has been our go-to for years... We come here when we are staying at Planet Hollywood & even when we're not lolAlthough we've tried a few different things on the b-fast menu, we always end up ordering at least a couple plates of Eggs Florentine - They make 'em really good here!The service is very fine & generous & the dining area is pleasant while still remaining casual - Great place year after year
4	Pretty good place for inexpensive seafood. Had the Parmesan shrimp and it was delicious except for the shrimp still having the skin so it was a bit harder to eat but all in all pretty decent restaurant. Nice lighting and not too loud, also not much of a variety to choose from on the lunch menu. Would recommend though.
3	Service was friendly and helpful, however, I was slightly disgusted by their water. The menu is simple and the prices are decent. I ordered a chicken club sandwich and although it was okay, the chicken was sort of dry and the bread was slightly stale. Otherwise, the food was great and the atmosphere is casual and pleasant.
4	After checking out several options, we checked into Ocean One for its varied menu and drink special. I am glad we did.The ambiance of the restaurant was wonderful; high end decor and pleasingly quiet to the normal cacophony of noise with most Las Vegas restaurants.Our server was polite and very knowledge, never over selling the menu but making insightful recommendations.As for the food....presentation excellent and practical portions of food that left one completely satisfied and tasted excellent.I would recommend Ocean One to anyone staying at Planet Hollywood or nearby.
1	Very disappointed.  Horrible service. Took around 30-40 minutes to get breakfast.  I ordered eggs Benedict's and the sauce was broken and the muffin was burnt. Potatoes were room temp. Everything was bland. We will never go here again.
2	Located in a mall, and looked good. Service was a bit slow. Not terribly friendly. French toast was dry, over cooked, and thin. Not very good. Expected more,  but served its purpose. Quick, inexpensive, and average food quality.
2	The food wasn't good due to the overcooked level of texture on fish and burger that was ordered. This was a bit disappointing from the fact being a full service restaurant located in the mall in Vegas.
3	Came here with friends during a trip to Vegas. The food was good and really low priced. Only problem or complaint is that the waiter brought out the wrong drinks.
3	Went here for dinner last Thursday and the food was good.  I had the Ahi appetizer and salmon along with 2 beers for $50, which is very reasonably priced for Vegas.  The atmosphere was nice and i enjoyed the game while I had my dinner.  The only reason for 3 stars was the service.  It was not a very comfortable place to eat as I had to track down a menu and seek out the bartender to place the order.  Also, the bartender looked like she just lost a $1000 bet at the roulette table and wasn't very friendly.  I would go back, but would order take out and bring back to my room.
2	We went for breakfast, and I swear it was more like early lunch by the time we finished. Although they didn't seem particularly busy, they might have been understaffed in the kitchen or on the floor. It took our server many moons between appearances, and it was overall a sloth-like breakfast service.We were drawn in by the low prices outside and didn't want to insult Vegas by doing McD's on day 1. We figured it couldn't be that bad, and we were right, but it also wasn't that good. There's an array of $6 menu items and a two-for-one drink deal ($10). I chose the mimosa and the mojito; he chose the mimosa and the Almond Joy (overwhelming Kahlua taste).I had the biscuits & gravy, which were very mediocre. I guess it wasn't a fair choice since I grew up with Southern cooking, and bland gravy is a crime. I splashed Tabasco on to make it more interesting.Just keep wandering or accept that your meal will be very average and very slow. This is nothing above diner food for breakfast. I think I've had better from IHOP.
1	Service is slow because they don't have enough employees.  Waited for 20 minutes to get service @ the bar. Bartender left & bar was left unattended.  People waiting for service. The bartender was so busy she couldn't acknowledge us, give us eye contact. She said their never that busy & she told her co-worker she will never work at the bar again.  The sign at the entrance says $5 food menu for the bar NOT TRUE. Bartender said they dont have it. False advertisement.What really had me run out was the female restrooms.  Toilet paper on the floor. Toilets not flushed. Bathrooms have not been cleaned in days. You know how I know DRIED  FECES on the  stalls in the femalev restroom. I can only image the males restroom.I asked the hostess for the manager & she did go get him. Waited 15 minutes for a female to tell me he is not in when the hostess just told me he is but busy.Run away from this place.Apparently their are 2 of these places. The one we went to was @ 3663 las Vegas blvd.
4	Hidden Gem. Good food. Great prices. All I wanted was some fried Calamari. It was great so I got a steak. Yummy! Best prices I have seen yet on the strip. Oh I almost forgot the Lucky 7 drink menu. Several drinks at the great price of $7.00.
5	Great pizza for a seafood restaurant. Great mixed drinks and "happy day" on Sunday. We'll be back.
1	Horrible hostess tried to turn us away at 10pm when website clearly states it's open till 11pm. We had the groupon so we really wanted to use it while in town. She reluctantly sat us and proceeded to go to the service station where all the employees were talking about us. Half of them left,then when we got the food I was asked to cut into my steak before the "chef" left. I looked up and the kitchen staff had knife bags and walking out the door. Terribly rude to take out on customer because they wanted to leave early. No manager to speak with either. The waiter made up for it as best he could,but the damage had been done.  Don't fall for this groupon bullshit,don't waste your time. So many places to enjoy yourself and have wonderful food in Vegas,and this isn't one of them.
2	Went here for breakfast...The service was pretty slow.  Not sure if it was the half filled tables or they were just making sure they overcooked the poached egg and made sure to burn my girlfriends French toast.  The orange juice was pretty good as was the sausage and bacon.  Other than being burnt the French toast was ok.  I would probably find another place for breakfast unless you are drunk which in this town may be a strong possibility at 9am.
2	WE went there because Groupon had a deal. The food was ok. The pizza was cold in the middle so the cheese wasn't melted all the way. The shrimp fra diablo was not spicy at all, even though it said "spicy" on the menu.  The service was decent. They added 18% gratuity to the bill. REally? It was just my wife and I, it's not like we had a big group. I think they saw the groupon on my phone. We probably won't come back there.
3	Meh.  I had their Chicken Caesar Salad.  I wasn't impressed but the food that the people sitting next to us ordered looked good.   I'll have to go back and try something else. They had a 2 for $10 drink special.  I ordered one mojito and immediately got a headache.  Bummer.
1	Our waitress was delightfully sweet!! I loved her fun personality, but the food was just awful. The crabcake was soggy and flavorless....and the fries came out lukewarm. Very disappointing.
1	Food was bad, service was non existent (we had to go find our server to ask for our check), restaurant was ambienceless. No wonder it was 90% empty when we walked in.
2	We were staying at the Elara Hilton Garden Vacations Club, which was located just around the corner from this restaurant within the mall.  One morning we were walking by with a little over an hour to spare and thought that we would dine here for breakfast.  There were only a few tables with patrons seated, so we figured we would be able to catch a quick coffee and meal for three under an hour.Big mistake.  Once we were seated outdoors around the corner, it seemed as if we were out of sight and out of mind.  Everything took long from placing our orders to receiving our meals and getting the final bill.  It was extremely stressful being that we were on a time constraint, and had to leave the hotel an hour later.  We had to gobble down our food once it arrived and had asked for the bill at the same time.Our simple meals consisting of waffles, pancakes and bacon were pretty decent, but the extremely slow service brings down their rating another star or two.  I wouldn't say that I'd be interested in coming back anytime soon.#100 / 100Yelp 100 Review Challenge 2014
3	If you find yourself walking the Miracle Mile Shops in Vegas and want a solid inexpensive lunch I would suggest this restaurant. Good food and descent happy hour "all day" options. Good for kids. If you are wearing jeans and not a suit then this is your spot. Service was very good.
3	This is a great place to take a break from walking the Miracle Mile shops.  It isn't fancy but everything doesn't have to be! I love that they do happy hour all day long which is 2 for one drinks.  Fun thing to do when you probably aren't driving.  Atmosphere is nice and quiet and the food (kind of pub like) is very good.  We always have great friendly service here.  The food prices are very reasonable.
