4	As soon as we walked in, we got an "Aloha!" and the great customer service didn't stop there. The husband/wife duo was super helpful and as soon as my mom said we'd never been here, he was quick to point out all his favourite drinks plus their frequent buyer program.I had the Pele's Cup which is a normal mocha but with cinnamon mixed in. It was really great - they use coffee actually from Hawaii and it was woody and nutty, a very great coffee flavour. The only thing was that the final sip was more cinnamon mud than coffee but that can be solved my stirring it as you drink, instead of just letting it settle like I did. Then, since we had sat down to wait for our drinks, the guy brought them right to us. Great service!The decor and music was completely themed making you feel as if you were at a tiki bar on the beach in Maui, not in the middle of Phoenix. Great alternative to Starbucks or It's a Grind! I'll definitely be going back.
4	Awesome alternative to starbucks.  The service was good, and the two drinks I got (chiller mocha and tropical temptation smoothie) were excellent.  The prices seemed a bit high, but it was made up for in quality of their product.
3	$10 for a small and a medium sized smoothie seems a bit high, but perhaps not so if you consider buying Starbucks and you're not even getting the fruity nutrition.  What is off putting is I asked for a glass of water after paying, and the girl stated it's another 25 cents and just kept apologizing mutiple times afterwards.... I just spent $10, seriously I could not get a small cheapie plastic cup of water to chase down the smoothie (you know how cloyingly sweet they can be...)?!
4	I know they're trained to say "aloha!" when I walk in, but it always feels sincere. When I'm done being all giddy about treatment as a valued customer, I usually order the white chocolate mocha. Maui has the best! There are a few hot and cold items here for ya, and a lot of awesome smoothies. Sizes are medium, large, and tiki. Tiki is a bit pricey, but comes in an enormous cup you get to keep.My knowledge of Hawaii is very limited, but if I wanted to expand on that, there are plenty of surf/culture magazines scattered about the table. I just end up sniffing all the beans between every sip. The brews are that good!
5	Best coffee in town Smoothies are top noch owner is great staff is awesome
5	I love this place! When I walked in, I was greeted with an "Aloha!" All the smoothies are delicious! And all the baked goods are great, too. Try the Apple cinnamon pecan muffin!! yummy! They also have a wide selection of Hawaiian coffees and treats to buy and take home. This place is a hidden gem!
5	Fast. Friendly. Inexpensive. They have a point system so you can eventually get some free items :-)Free is always a plus in my book! Amazing Iced Coffee. Staff is upbeat and always willing to help.
5	Hale maui~ Maui Wowi Hawaiian Coffee & Smoothies for the most delicious cup of pure Kona coffee you will find any where around Phoenix!  Ho'omaika'i 'ana to Maui Wowi on brewing such a fine Kona roast that will leave you wanting more.The Maui Wowi offers both pure Kona and blended brews and have both whole beans and ground to sell should you want to brew your own.  Sure you'll pay more for the pure cup of Kona goodness, but it's well worth it.  They wait to grind it until when you order it.  Then they use a java press to extract all of that Kona deliciousness into your cup.   They offer a wide variety of fresh cut fruit smoothies that are also very good and they offer hot and iced coco, some treats and other goodies.  They pack their fruit smoothies with more fruit than what you will get at most other places.  This is a place to add to your list of places around Phoenix that I need to try!  Mahalo nui loa.  A hui hou kakou, Aloha oe!!
4	I do not drink a lot of coffee any more.  My friend Arlin B recommended this place and it is next door to the post office where I drop my Netflix rentals.  No matter when you go in the staff is very friendly and the place just smells good.  While I have had Kona coffees I prefer (notably of late at Hulas) I have chosen the Molokai blend here as my favorite.
5	Awesome staff awesome drinks Awesome atmosphere love this place
5	i love this place! tropical feel, very cute inside, the owner is nice! and the drinks are good! coffee or the fruit smoothies are both wonderful. If i don't know what i want they are very good and suggesting something i might like and i usually love it!
5	As far as franchise coffee shops go, this particular location rocks outt pretty hard. The owners Gary and Lisa are dedicated to their craft and it shows in their meticulous preparation of the many varieties of beverage offered here. Smoothies are sweet and refreshing (and refreshing comes in as near necessity in the Arizona summers). Coffee is smooth and roasty and their americanos make for a great alternative to a cup of brewed heaven. All of their coffee offerings are a blend of hawaiian and other arabica beans roasted to various degrees to bring a rich nutty sweetness. Additionally, they offer a 100% hawaiian coffee prepared in a french press which, as far as small franchise shops go, is a pretty rare treat. All of their beans are roasted within weeks of use (or sale) and they offer whole bean bags retail so you can bring the taste of Maui home with you to do with as you please.The staff is friendly and helpful, you're greeting with an "Aloha" upon entering and left with a heartfelt "Mahalo" on your way out. Gary specifically is very knowledgable about the art of coffee brewing and constantly reminding the baristas to strive for the "god shot" - a 2 ounce, 24 second rich caramely double espresso shot which they add to all of their espresso beverages. Coffee Snob Section:The espresso beans are ground just prior to pulling the shots, the shot timing is right on for a full 2oz and the flavor is typical Kona (nutty) with a mild caramel sweetness and finishes smoky. The roast is a tad dark to showcase the mild sweet floral notes of Kona but the blend itself is only 20% Kona to begin with (IIRC) so this is less of a gripe and more of "just how it is." Also, I tend to prefer ristrettos (~1.5 ounce doubles from ~16g of coffee) but since the resulting espresso is mostly destined for sweetened lattes or frozen cappuccinos (their blended espresso smoothies) I won't be critical on this point.Overall, this coffee shop is exactly what it claims to be, and then some. The atmosphere is fun and "islandy," the staff is helpful, knowledgeable, and friendly, the coffee is a notch above the rest of glendale's attempted coffee houses and overly scattered Starbucks, and the smoothies hit the spot on hot summer days. I'd recommend this place to anyone in the area looking for a good place to sip some java and take a load off. 5 stars well deserved.PS. Their Island pulled pork sandwiches are delicious, but they only have a limited supply for lunch, so grab em up while you can!
4	I've been coming to this place semi-regularly since they opened, and I love the drinks and service.  You always get a friendly welcome and the staff is eager to explain the menu.I'm a chocolate-lover so I usually order a Frozen Hot Koko with almond flavoring...SOO  GOOD!!!The only thing keeping it from 5 stars are the prices.  Like most places, prices are set so that the large is the best value, but a pair of larges for me and the gf runs about $20, so we only go a few times a year.  Still they have a few ways to save- a loyalty card program and loyalty tiki cups.
3	Good coffee and Frozen drinks. But the place is not terribly comfortable for my purposes (sitting to write for a few hours when my schedule dictates). Overall, I'd go back again, just not to sit and write.
4	Staff is friendly. Smoothies are a little sugary for my taste. Coffee is great.
5	I love this place, go there at least 3 times a week. The staff is great, the drinks are great, as well as the place in general. Highly recommend them over starbucks.
5	I LOVE this place thousand times better than Starbucks!  Worth Every penny and QUALITY.
