4	GREAT CUSTOMER SERVICE! These guys are great! I recommend this place for all your outdoor and shooting needs! Nice selection of guns and ammo as well :)
4	Wow, just love this place. Going camping, hunting, kayaking this is your place. Being a land locked surfer, I'm stocked they have stand-up paddle boards.
4	Pretty good alternative to Bass Pro Shops or Cabelas. Decent selection of all your usually camping, hunting, and hiking stuff. A solid selection of guns and ammo.
5	I have been shopping at Sportsman's Warehouses since long before any opened in the valley.  I was beyond happy when the put one in Mesa (although right next door to my house would have been a little nicer).Sportsmans is not high-end like Cabela's or Bass Pro, but is far from low-end like Big 5 or (cough) Wally World.  I do all my shopping for hunting, camping, fishing, etc, etc, etc at Sportsmans.  Even most of my clothes come from there (no, I don't wander around in camo all day).  The have great selections of Under Armor, Columbia, etc.Only downside is part of their upside.  They are a Warehouse.  So, with that you get great prices, but what you're looking for may not always be there.  Deal with it.  I do!  For all the times you can't find a clothing item in your size, or a gun in the caliber or options you want, you'll find just what you were looking many more times, at prices way below anyone else (especially Cabelas).
4	I like going to SW about as much as Miller's Surplus. The only problem is that there's only one in Tucson about 30 miles from where I live. My most recent visit to this one in Mesa was just as positive in service and selection. I purchased a new pocket knife for myself but returned it about an hour later because I was not happy with the quality or what I paid. I don't mind paying a little more for something in a store versus buying online, but when the discrepancy is almost 50%, forget it. I have bought clothes, fishing tackle, and a backpack(even less than online) all at competitive prices there, I don't know whats up with their cutlery. I like going there and will continue to do so. Please open one on the east side of Tucson!
4	Prices are reasonable.  Selection is very good.  Great place for campers. Good gun selection.  Great ammo selection.Could easily spend hours in the store and max out the CC if left unattended.Will definitely return here.
5	Went there for the first time last month. Cool place. Good prices and nice employees.
2	The Sales clerks at the gun counter are very rude and act as though you are a nuisance if you ask a question. I have had several interactions with different clerks and the culture they have developed in my observation is one that they dont need customers, customers need them.  I really enjoy sportsmans and the products they offer. I sincerely hope that things get better with their staff.
5	Sportsman's rocks. Good prices, good selection. They don't price gouge on ammo like some other places and they always have a bunch of sweet Sigs on the wall. :D Staff has always been helpful to me whether I'm there looking at firearms / optics, or when I was gearing up for backpack camping.Rough dudes in the back to answer your questions, cute girls up front to handle your transaction and get you on your way. It's a proven formula that pulls through for Sportsman's every time I'm there, ha!All kidding aside, it's a refreshing alternative to the small gun store with jacked prices and the rude, know-it-all gun counter commandos, or the giant megastore with jacked prices and the rude, know-it-all gun counter commandos.
5	Went shopping here this past forth of July week for camping equipment and they had a great selection for the size of the store. Of course it's not like big with thousands of items like Bass Pro Shop or Cabelas but it still has great items. If you live in east Mesa area, like I do, well worth shopping here rather than driving all the way to Bass Pro Shop or Cabelas. Sportsman's has the same exact items just not 10 different brands like the other stores. Don't waste the gas and time if you live in east Mesa going to the others places, just go to Sportsman and you will be well taken care of
5	Smaller selection then Bass Pro, but the prices are WAY better! This is my go to place for camping and hunting gear. They have an AWESOME XXL 0 deg (Teton) bag that is HUGE and warm for $65!! If you sleep on cots you have to check out the cot organizer, its one of the best buys I've ever made!! If you are military or a member of the BSA they give discounts with ID card! I think I spend about 25% of my paycheck here!!
5	Nice store, great customer service. Came in here with my dad because he was looking for some ammo. Recommended this place when they didn't have what he needed at Walmart next door. He was in awe of how nice the selection was in here. I'm not too knowledgable with guns and ammo but he seemed to be like a kid in a candy store! With that said he got everything he needed and some. He is now ready for a zombie apocalypse. Guys at the hunting section were very polite and patient with whatever my dad wanted to see and touch, and he ended up buying a shitload of stuff because they were just so helpful. I'm pretty sure he will be back here when he is in town visiting! Great store!
3	I've shopped there for years. They have a good selection of gear and their prices aren't bad. The customer service though is not good especially at the gun counter. I've gotten good service at times there over years but more times than not its pretty bad. I sometimes think they should rename the store Grumpy Old Man Warehouse! The only reason I shop there is its close to my house.
5	Oh I really dig this joint vs. the huge stores like Bass Pro Shops.  Every time we've been in here the staff has been super friendly and helpful and answers all my dumb questions.  I think I want to go camping, but I had no idea where to start so I bought a water bottle holder and some socks.  I'll have to make a list and go back for the rest of the goods.  I usually lose track of Mr. M and he's off looking at ammunition and touching all the guns and crossbows.  This store makes me want to hit the trails every weekend and really explore more remote parts of Arizona.  They have everything I think you could ever need and a wide range of price choices.  They also have handbooks that will help me prepare for camping and hiking.  Sportsman's Warehouse is definitely one of our favorite places to shop in the city.
1	I used to love this store but it has really gone down hill the last 3 years. My last three visits to the archery counter keep getting worse and after Saturdays poor service I have had enough and won't be back.
5	I like this store a lot.  Its got tons of great gear at a price point you'd find on the internet.  Friendly employees and managers willing to help if there's a problem.  Great store and great people.
2	What happened to these guys?When this place first came to town... they were awesome! Great staff, tons of product and great advice from the professionals. I stopped by the other day for the first time in awhile and the people up front were super rude to me. I then went back to the archery counter and waited for over 20 mins, and nobody ever came to help... I finally went looking for someone and when he finally showed up... he didn't have a clue about archery. Very disappointing experience.My advice... stick with a pro-shop.
