2	The salesperson is nice and helpful, however I'm pretty miffed at the whole Aveda Privilege club and how the SA handled it. For those that do not know what that is, Aveda has a points card which is accumulated $1= 1 points (sometimes there's double points) and you get a $20 birthday gift. To start you have a "one time $10 membership fee" and can use points for items in the store, but also big items like Aveda Spas and such or conscious things like using the points to make Aveda pay in your behalf a donation to a shelter, a habitat, etc. I was at the register and figured since they are doing a buy any 3 items you get a extra 300 points that maybe I should buy 2 more things than the one thing I came in for. They looked me up, found me and then rang up my purchase. Then the lady goes, "lets see how many points you have now" and then proceeds to say that she can't add points because my account expired. I figured it never expired and no one has ever explained this. You have to purchase at least something every year or so or they close it. She said she can just renew my account so I was alright with that even though I lost my old points. Then she goes, "That'll be $10 for the one time membership fee".  I paid once and I didn't want to pay this again on principle that they should make it very clear that they expire the first time I paid it. Why didn't they tell me my account was expired before they rang up my purchase?! I think they did know but didnt say. I felt like it was a way to get me to buy the 3 things first because if they told me before paying they might think I will just buy the one thing instead of the 3 which is probably true. So I told them I don't want the card anymore then. "This sucks. No points at all after purchasing for the points""Well, you still have your great products to take home!"Yeah, items I could have held off on if I wasn't getting extra points on them. Pfft.
4	I came here with a friend, I personally didn't buy anything, but I certainly had a decent time learning about all the products. My friend had a custom made perfume made and it smelled Awesome, Our sales guy was very knowledgeable on the products. He seemed to know a lot about the competition as well. He convinced me to come back in and buy some products once I am ready.
5	I want to give a HUGE thank you to the staff at this location.  They were amazing, especially Sandra and Kim. They  have such a genuine sense of community and appreciation for our teachers!    Sandra has gone above and beyond to help me show the teachers at my children's school how much they mean to us!  AND of course I must mention the products.  Aveda  products never fail.  The smells, the quality. I have been a loyal customer for over 20 years and I will continue for years to come.  Thank you Sandra and Aveda at Fashion Show!!!!!!!
