5	Prosecco on tap....need I say more?oh ok  I will. This is quite a new place on the Edinburgh scene, and it was badly needed. It adds a strong touch of class and elegance to the city (not that it needed any more) and just brings total indulgence to it. It is really quite trendy  - wear your good tights when you come here.As I said, it has presecco on tap. My heart is yours, Missoni.
5	If I could give Hotel Missoni 10 stars I would. Perfectly located on George IV bridge, it's a two minute walk from the Castle and a five minute walk to the Grassmarket and the heart of Edinburgh's Old Town. Whilst the outside of the building isn't anything special, every aspect of the inside from the reception and the hallways to the rooms is S*U*B*L*I*M*E.Designed and run by the Italian fashion house, HMi is decorated in beautiful and brightly coloured Missoni fabrics and textiles. Everywhere you look, there's splashes of bright pink, acid green, canary yellow and aqua strategically placed alongside bold grey and black and white stripes. Visitors are free to roam the hotel and check out the fabulous lamps, chairs and fabrics dotted around different floors but tourists are restricted to the bar and restaurant. In fact, the hotel is so swish you need a room key to activate the candy striped lifts!As for the rooms, I was lucky enough to stay for 3 nights and was given a beautiful double with floor to ceiling windows, breath-taking views and the comfiest bed I've ever slept in. In keeping with the designer furniture, there was a Bang & Olson flatscreen TV, an illuminated drinks cabinet and a high end coffee maker with fresh coffee and espresso cups. My only grumble and it's a tiny one, is that I really wanted a bath and unfortunately, only the suites have baths. I can't compain however, as the bathroom was hidden behind a sliding door and included full length mirrors, luxury Missoni bathrobes and a gorgeous wet-room with power shower. Would I go back again? In a heartbeat.
5	Fabulous hotel. Very contemporary and modern. Clean rooms with rain shower. Service has been excellent. 2 pieces of free laundry for each nights stay and a complimentary minibar stocked with juice and soft drinks. Right next to Royal Mile with great restaurants, pubs, shopping, and sites nearby. Wouldnt recommend the breakfast in the hotel reataurant which is mediocre and overpriced.
5	Gorgeous, modern hotel in an area steeped in history.  The hotel is walking distance to Edinburgh Castle and other beautiful architecture, pubs, and shops, including a cashmere shop--handy, since it was cooler than I'd anticipated so I bought a lovely, soft stole. :)  Excellent, friendly service, very comfortable room, and in a wonderful location.  Wish we were staying longer than the one night.  Try the basilito in the elegant bar--a mojito with an Italian twist (crushed grapes and basil).  Chic, colorful rooms have luxe amenities like 2 items of free laundry, an espresso machine with complimentary coffee, soft drinks, plush robes, slippers, wi-fi, and really nice bath products, not to mention super comfy bed, linens, and a great bathroom. Breakfast is included in our rate and I expect it will be perfect as well. Valet parking was a breeze and the super-nice bellman (clad in a kilt with a Missoni-patterned twist) was spot on with a dinner recommendation down the street at a restaurant called Outsider -- great food and a window table with views of Edinburgh Castle.  Later, room service accommodated my husband for a suprise for me--a not-normally-on-the-menu request for strawberries and clotted cream...in addition to champagne. :)  Highly recommend this hotel for a romantic and fun getaway!
5	Hip, stylish yet quite European...Missoni Hotel is a nice change from other hotels in this category of 5-star elegance. As one would expect from a fashion designer label, this hotel excels at color scheme, patters, decoration, and attention to detail in the construction of the hotel. What I feel sets Missoni Hotel apart from the others is that the atmosphere and vibe is more casual and easy-going. The pretentiousness too often found in other places only shows its face from other travels from time to time. Unlike old-world money hotels in this price range, the Missoni makes you feel young and hip. The staff feel more like helpful friends than servants and the decor won't make you feel like you're in a castle but rather the pages of next season's fashion magazine.
5	Hotel Missoni is absolutely the best hotel in Edinburgh and one of the best in the world - not that I knew all that when I booked it.  In fact, I didn't realize it until I was flipping through one of the coffee table books in our room on "Best Hotels in the World" and came face to face with a ours! lol! Honestly, I was looking for a W Hotel and when I found that there wasn't one in Edinburgh, I did a couple searches and read up on reviews and found Hotel Missoni - a hotel that encompassed the swankiness of a W, but with it's own distinct feel and style.In the midst of old town, it's exterior fits in well, but the interior is just as modern as modern can be.  It's centrally located, so you can get to the shopping of the Royal Mile within steps and see such attractions as the Edinburgh Castle and the Palace at the other end, not to mention Mary King's Close (which was cool, but totally freaked me out! lol!).Hottie bellhops in Missoni-printed kilts greeted us at the door before we were ushered up to our super posh room - awesomely decorated and uber comfortable.  The amenities were great with fabulous bath and body products, large closets, and complimentary beverages in all the fridges!  There's candy downstairs by the check-in counter as well if you want a free sweet treat as well.While we didn't eat at the downstairs restaurant because we had reservations elsewhere, we were told that it was one of the best in the area and certainly worth trying.  Perhaps it's another excuse to get back to Edinburgh - not that I needed one.  Visiting was one of the highlights of my travels on this trip.  Can't wait to return.
5	Great perks for free, incredibly friendly staff and good food -what's not to love about this place?! Nice gym too!  Wish there were more of these hotels around!!
5	AWESOME! Location, staff, amenities, value and vibe - AWESOME! Scottish hotties in kilts that are beyond kind. Very helpful and amiable. Man and I booked a double room with one floor-to-ceiling window that faced Edinburg Library and the cobbled street of Johnstown terrace. Mod room with a historically charming view.Gorgeous interiors with heavily Italian-designed influence. Obviously. Lots of colorfully bold zigs and zags and exquisite tiles, rugs and oversized vases (Taller than me). Hands-down the Comfiest hotel bed at any hotel stay EVER. The bath Shower - Ah-MAY-zing. Double rain head. Posh. God did I need that after coming from so far across the pond. Extremely clean and right space for 2 with steamer trunks. (Kidding, but might need one on way home). Complimentary laundry up to 2 pieces each p/ person daily. Bar/restaurant looked fab but we wanted to stretch out. Located right off the Royal mile where we spent most of our time. On the pricier side but worth it, especially for the first leg of a long trip. We booked out a month and got a great deal via booking.com. Will be back and will stay here again. Can't say enough good stuff. Will post pix soon.
5	We did not stay in the hotel & only visited the hotel bar, however the bar and decor issuperb!! very hip!  We were welcomed in by a charming chap in a kilt and got a table easliy. Their is such a nice relaxed atmosphere and an extensive cocktail menu! I was unsure what to have when the waiter asked and so when i described what i like in my cocktail, he said he could make one up for me that he'd think id like!! Services was fantastic I never thought about popping in here in the afternoon, but it really is a delight to visit.
4	Love the Missoni men in their Missoni kilts. Great room, very hip.  Loved it.
4	A cool, trendy, special little place. Didn't feel posh as much as just cool.
4	Very nicely (differently) decorated. Opulent. Load of things that glitter and are shiny. On entering the lobby you know you are in a peculiar place that is terribly marmite. The doorman wears a black & white Missoni stripe kilt.. yes. The entrance-hall is not what you expect and at the same time nothing too special in terms of usefulness. to your left the reception for room occupants. in the middle the bar and to the right the stairs to the dining room. I don't need to elaborate on the decoration as that is a given in a Missoni hotel, but a special mention needs to go to the general toilets - Tchakkaa! what a surprise - mirror balls hanging from the ceiling soft lighting and scarlett red tiled like walls and round light bulbs on the mirror (that is just the men's room..) . The bar area is cosy, and the zebra skin benches and chairs are comfortably strewn (is that the word?) with pillows.You pay hotel prices for drinks, but boy what a place to drink'm. We also visited the restaurant  upstairs and we were pleased with the quality of the food. Nothing outstanding but perfectly cooked. The service was in the restaurant was impeccable and could not be faulted. They also offered an outside smoking terras / atrium that will be a nice little suntrap in the summer. The few visits here were about decadence and being nosey. There are better places so no 5 stars, but a real favourite nonetheless as it is exclusive and different.
4	Great, great place right in the action. No need to bring any electronics. They had iPad, all inroom music. Very modern and cool. Rooms decent size too.
4	Prosecco on tap! Amazingness.My tip from quite some time ago still stands. You can get prosecco on tap...that's amazing! Imagine having a prosecco tap in your house that was just a fountain of bubbling prosecco 24/7...I mean obviously you'd make no progress in life and you'd be slightly inebriated throughout the day, but it'd still be a cool option to have. Water or prosecco, water or prosecco...hmmm, I think I feel like prosecco with my Special K this morning...boom, the day's got off to a good start! Missoni should install prosecco taps in some of the rooms in the hotel...YES! They would be fully booked until the end of eternity.Right, I'm signing off now, this has gone far enough. Other things I can say that actually, still relate to prosecco...the afternoon teas here are a real treat and worth trying, as there's always a banterful atmosphere within the famously vibrant decor of the bar, and a nice mix of visitors to Edinburgh along with locals who are up for good times. You can pop up to Cucina for some splendid Italian food if you get peckish after all that PROSECCO.Prosecco..........
3	I had afternoon tea (what Americans would call High Tea) here today. Overall, I was a fan, and I'd recommend it, with a few reservations.The decor and service were acceptable but left me indifferent. Others will doubtless find them more to their taste.Now to the important part - the gustatory experience. The tea comes on a tray in three layers:  1. Bottom layer - sandwiches: these were, on the whole palatable enough.  The balance of chutney and cheddar was slightly off, and I could almost hear the egg salad crying for more mustard, but the smoked salmon was perfect. The bread, unfortunately, was a bit too soft for my liking.  2. Middle  layer - scones (one raisin, one plain); undoubtedly the tea's crowning glory, served with a copious bowl of clotted cream and jam. Unfortunately, the scones came smothered in a cloud of confectioner's sugar, which made them far too sweet. I'd recommend brushing it off for an optimal experience.  3. Top layer - from the pastry chef; this was the most variable layer. On the one hand, an amaretto ice cream  which literally had angels playing a Beethoven sonata on my taste-buds, and a delicious salted caramel macaroon with successive waves of wonderful, deep, subtle flavors. The frozen mocha ganache also deserves an honorable mention and I wouldn't have said no to some more. The last two components, however, left much to be desired. A few beans of unsweetened cream on what appeared to be a piece of rye bread (though I'm sure it couldn't have been!) and an orange and Grand Marnier baba of indeterminate consistency with candied orange zest which pulled my senses too hard in too many directions.Overall, I'd certainly recommend the Hotel Missoni afternoon tea, if only for its high points, but don't be too disappointed to find a mixed bag of goods.
5	Great hotel right on the Royal Mile. Rooms are very modern and chic, yet functional.  Loved the free (non-alcoholic) mini bar in the rooms, US/UK power adapter, free wifi, and comfy king bed. Free dry cleaning for 2 items/day, additional items not unreasonably priced.  Service was prompt and efficient. Location, fabulous. Did not try the bar nor restaurant here but truly enjoyed the stay and would not hesitate to book again.
4	I had a great experience with Hotel Missoni. It was unlike anywhere I had stayed before - extremely modern in every way. Some people referred to it as having an Austin Powers feel. The staff were extremely helpful and friendly. The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because you have to pay for wifi. Our bed and breakfasts across the country had free wifi  and for paying that much more, we felt it should have been complimentary. Additionally, if you book early enough you can get a great deal!
3	1 George IV Bridge, EH1 1AD A decent brunch buffet if that is what you are looking for. Serve lunch and dinner, too, but we never tried.
4	I didn't stay at the hotel so I can't comment on that, but I did come here for afternoon tea with my sister.It's one of the pricier options for afternoon tea in Edinburgh but I'd say it's worth the price. The pastries, scones, and sandwiches were all delicious and my only vice is that the portions are too small. But that's to be expected of all afternoon tea spreads. And plus, let's be real, it's the Missoni. Everyone knows that people in fashion don't eat.The atmosphere is trendy. If the name doesn't clue you in that Missoni operates this hotel, the decor certainly does.I had really friendly and attentive service when I was here and was very happy. I'd definitely recommend this place to anyone else interested.
4	The Hotel Missoni is written up in every single magazine and website as the place to stay in Edinburgh.  The location is awesome.  It's very central to everything in the old town.  You can walk to everything which is great if you're only in Edinburgh for a short stay.  The front desk and the bellman are very friendly and helpful.  The rooms are well appointed and Missoni'd out from the towels, robe and bedding.  We stayed in a standard room which was fine for the weekend.  The bathroom was colourful and functional with a shower a sink.  The closet was a small, but ok for the short stay. They have nespresso machines in the room which is always a plus.Would I go back?  Yes, because all around it's a good hotel in a very good location.
4	G&V is the rebranded Missoni Hotel. From what I can see nothing but the name has changed. The staff are still in their kilts and it is still as fluorescent as it ever was. Nice to have table service, complimentary popcorn at your table and they also have prosecco on tap. Nice for a catchup with the girls.
