5	I first learned about Club SAR from a friend. I have lived close to the facility for almost 5 years, but never knew much about it. There is a great group of loyal SAR members, mostly young people from about 18-40. All age groups go, but the gym definitely has a youthful vibe.I have been taking the cardio kickboxing classes since October 2008 and LOVE them. Tom and Jeremy who teach the 5:30pm classes M-Th are amazing instructors. You will need a pair of boxing gloves and a towel. You punch and kick a dummy or bag that is weighed down with a water-filled base.  There are "community" gloves available, if you want to try the class out before investing in gloves. A fee of $3 for the day is the costs to try out a class. If you live in Scottsdale, a 12 month membership is $75...yes, only $75! If you are a non-resident of Scottsdale a 12 month membership is $105. There are spin classes, boxing, mixed martial arts, cardio boxing, cardio kickboxing, yoga, weight training and rowing classes.Here is the schedule:http://www.scottsdaleaz.gov/Assets/documents/sports/SportsFitness.pdfI recently tried one of the yoga classes. It was good for a beginner like me, but my more advanced yoga friends thought the class was too easy. I'll probably try more of the yoga classes, so I can see if there is a more advanced class available.If you want a class that will kick your butt, I dare you to take the cardio kickboxing class. I've taken cardio kickboxing at LA Fitness.....and there is really no comparison. Hands down, Club SAR is the best gym (with the best cardio kickboxing class) that I have found in South Scottsdale!
5	club sar is absolutely the best gym (for the money) in the valley. only 75 bucks....A YEAR, for scottsdale residents, and 105....A YEAR, for non-residents. it is no fru-fru....people actually go there to workout, can you believe it? i was a member at the LA fitness when i first moved here, and it amazed me at how people actually "primped" to go to the gym...and their outfits probably cost more than my ratty pickup. the mma classes there are top notch, and the cardio kickboxing is better than any i've ever taken anywhere. the boxing conditioning class will bring most anyone to their knees, but the instructors are fun and passionate about every single person in the class. there are showers, locker rooms, and loads of treadmills, bikes, ellipticals, etc. the entire staff is excellent and they keep the place clean and friendly.
5	I LOVE THIS GYM...This gym is awesome.  It has everything you need to workout: tons of cardio machines, weight machines, free weights, boxing ring, punching bags, basketball court, etc.  And the classes - (oh the classes!!!) will kick your butt. I've taken the kickboxing, spin class and boxing cardio class and all of them left me barely standing (meant in a good way).  I've tried out several gyms in the city but this is by far my favorite because I feel like i get a great workout and I'm not concerned about who might see me wearing my hair in a ponytail or breaking a sweat.Another reason this gym is awesome: the boxing training class which is included in your one time annual fee (please read below at pricing)So how much does it cost to join here???Its only $75 a year - that's it.  Unless you are a non-Scottsdale resident, then you pay $105 FOR THE ENTIRE YEAR classes included in this annual fee.  Plus the people that work there are great and quite hilarious.  Go check this place out!
5	This gym is awesome.  It has everything you need and the classes will kick your butt.  The kickboxing is intense but the boxing workout class (not boxing training class, which also rocks) will absolutely kick your butt.  It has all the cardio equipment you need (bikes, treadmills, ellipticals, rowing machines, stairmaster, etc) weight machines, free weights, basketball court, punching bags, boxing ring.  Also - its only $75 a year - thats it.  Unless you are a non-Scottsdale resident, then you pay $105 FOR THE ENTIRE YEAR.  Plus the people that work there are great - they remember you after your first visit.
5	I joined SAR in July 2009; and only used the weights and some of the cardio equipment. In November I started taking their kickboxing classes, which were awesome!Now I'm hooked! Their Spin, Rowing, and Boxing Cardio classes are TOUGH but worth it. Such a great value, the instructors are great, and at only $75 a year (for residents) it's great!
3	If you're into boxing and all the associated activities to train for it, Club SAR is for you.  I on the other hand like to go to the gym, undisturbed, and use the equipment, maybe not!   The gym is primarily divided three ways, the basketball court, boxing ring (and room) and the rest to equipment, free weights, cardio ect...  I have only been there once, my experience wasn't bad, but I would never replace my primary gym for SAR.   The elliptical machine I used was stiff and squeaky, but the rest of the equipment seemed to be in pretty good shape.  The drop in fee is only $3, so it's great on a hot or rainy day to go in and get a workout when you can't go outside.  Since the kickboxing classes get such great reviews, I will probably go back and give it a try... will repost if my review increases!
5	Not the glamour gym. This is a gym for people that want to work out not a fashion show for gym clothes. Membership prices are unbeatable.
5	sadly, we had to leave club sar. we work out very early and since the la fitness opens earlier we had to join there. club sar doesn't open until 6pm and we're normally finishing up by then. i really like this gym because it's so cheap and friendly and homey. but with limited really good equipment and weights, we kept running into issues with other members. there are ALOT of talkers, whom stand around, actually drinking coffee while dominating the equipment. and it's largely a senior citizen happy hour at that time of the morning, so you have to constantly move around older folks just standing there or socializing with each other. they had 2 top quality treadmills, but sadly, each morning, they were always "reserved" for the same 2 patrons who proceeded to do nothing but walk (not run) for 2 hours and whom talked so loud, i could hear them in the mens locker room, while showering, with the music playing. it just gets annoying after a while. great gym, great price....wish things could have turned out better. miss you club sar.
5	Best gym in town!  Killer training sessions.
4	No bells and whistles. It's not "hip" or "pretty."  You def feel like you're back in like 1975 working out with Rocky or something.  HOWEVER it gets the job done.  basic hours so doesn't fit crazy lifestyles.  And... super freaking cheap.  $75 for a whole year? Worth it.  The classes are solid.  Everyone is nice.  No one is there to see and be seen which is probably the best part.  You don't feel self conscience.  I could be considered high maitenance every now and then, but when it come sto a gym I'm good with this.  Location is very central too.  And if you love the SF Giants, then you're adjacent to their training facility.
4	This seems to be a gym for the men with its rough edges and boxing ring center piece. The equipment is a bit dated and it lacks any modern feel but honestly, it is amazing for the price. My wife and I enjoy going to this gym and it is certainly in our budget. For just $99 you get your annual membership and can take kickboxing and other classes at no additional charge! It doesn't get much better than that. The staff Tom, John, Deidre and the others are fantastic and always helpful.
3	Club SAR is a very unpretentious, straightforward community facility. You go there to get a workout with no frills here. It's got your basics: weight & cardio machines, a room for stretching, at least one room I noticed for classes, locker rooms & showers for men & women, and even a basketball court with a basket on each end. The biggest draw for me here is the boxing equipment. They've got one heavy bag hanging from the ceiling; another standing from the ground with a sand-filled base; and a large bag that I believe was double-tethered. From what I recall there were also two speed bags located in the same tiny room also utilized for stretching. In addition, this establishment includes a boxing ring, which is just awesome! The price is definitely another attraction that would lead one here. The cost per visit for Scottsdale residents is $3 per person or $99 annually for adults and $49 per child. For non-residents, it comes to $5 per visit or $150 annually for adults and $75 per child. This place definitely has it's positives. On the otherhand, it's a very small building with everything compressed. You can't really find room to warm-up and stretch as the room designated for this only has room for 2 or maybe 3 people. Your other option would be the classroom if it's not being used or the basketball court. The weights and cardio machines are also dated. Furthermore, I found the heavy bags to be of limited use to me as classes are held early evenings (last I checked) which would prevent me from using them at a time that is most convenient for me. Saturday hours are also currently limited to 10:00am to 3:00pm, which is an improvement from the previous 8:00am to 12:00pm. I am so not a morning person; especially on a Saturday.So I certainly wouldn't bash Club SAR. It's definitely got boxing equipment I would love to use and a price that's hard to beat. The compressed space and limited hours could be a drawback for some.
5	Have been going to this gym for 2 years.  The staff at the gym are super friendly and always make you feel welcome.  They also have a lot of expertise....so don't hesitate to ask for help.The clientelle is very serious about their workouts....very little "posing" going on here....just getting down to business.
5	If you want a low cost, efficient place with the most fun and friendly staff in Scottsdale, this is the place for you. Jonathan and Tom are the shittttttt!!! They will kick your ass while motivating you to be the best. The best part, if you are a local resident in Scottsdale it's only $100.00 a year. They offer numerous classes daily, including spin, yoga, boot camp, kickboxing and row at various times of the day so you can be sure to work it in no matter what your schedule is like.There is a basketball court as well as free weights and almost everything else you need to get a full workout no matter what your fitness goals may be. There is also a locker room and showers if needed. Come sweat it out!!
5	As far as AZ goes, this is easily the most exciting gym I have seen.  People don't come here to be looked at or stare at their douchey selves in the mirror. People come here that are serious about fitness. For the most part, its even muscle head free...just lean, toned, crazy athletes doin their thannnnng. Basketball court, boxing ring, tons of punching bags, cardio equipment, classes, and all the usual workout machines and free weights...this place rocks!  (and the price is right.)
4	I was between joining Club SAR and Youfit and am glad that I went with SAR. It's even cheaper than the cheapest Youfit package, even if you're not a Scottsdale resident ($100 a year for residents, $150 for others). The classes get crowded but they make sure to work you in even when they're full, at least for the rowing class, which I appreciate. I've never had to wait for equipment but I'm not sure if I've just been lucky in the times that I've gone.They have everything you need - free weights, cardio equipment (including erg machines), a boxing ring, punching bags, and a decent selection and quantity of quality group classes.
5	After moving out of the area I was no longer able to go to Club SAR, and since then I am yet to find a boxing class that kicks my a** as much as theirs does. Not to mention that its not going to cost you a months rent to do a class like the majority of classes do.
4	went twice, day pass is available. a lot of free wts, universal, and a good number of machines. has boxing speed and heavy bags. this is an old school gym. full of kids and it can get crowded.
4	This is my backup gym. No frills. It's a old gym but there's charm in a place that is unpretentious. But I don't pick a gym because it looks pretty. I pick a gym to make me look better. And with the boxing classes and yoga by Jackie, you can't beat it. Weights are older and limited, but you will find everything you need for a good basic workout. Caution, both classes pack up. Get there early and mark your spot. As for yoga, this is only place I've been where most of the men are more flexible than women. It's a sight to be seen. Basketball court is usually packed. Everyone is pretty easygoing and staff is super sweet. For $3 as a Scottsdale resident or under $100 annual membership, you can pop in any time and use all the benefits. Who turns that down? That's better than the Big Mac you are about to devour!
