1	Beware!!! We took our dogs to this animal hospital for a few months, it was good at first until all of the doctors started leaving and the new ones were terrible. The new doctors were not personable and seemed to not really care about the dogs or us. We boarded our dogs there for a holiday weekend and spent almost $300 to have them cared for, fed, walked, and also bathed. When we returned our dogs were given back to us covered in feces and shaking, the person who brought them out to us said "I wouldnt want them in my car, good luck", and walked away. Also their toys and blankets they promised us they would have were returned to us in a plastic bag still brand new and smelling of laundry detergent so they never got to have them. I called the director of the hospital and talked with him about the situation and he basically told me that they did me a favor watching my dogs and that we should be happy about that. It took several conversations and me threatening to contact animal control and the bbb before he refunded us our money. The dogs were traumatized for about a week before they were themselves again. STAY AWAY FROM HERE!!!!!!
5	We've been coming here for a month and a half since this was recommended by a friend and its fairly close to home. Our dog had been having seizures and since it was a Sunday, this was one of the many places that was open. We had Dr. Meaux  and he seemed very knowledgable about dogs with seizures. He took a lot of time to explain the different scenarios that we could do for treatment and he just listened to our concerns. He called a couple days later to check on the dog. I've taken the dog back for a nail trim and their  prices are very resonable. We had to take in the boyfriend's family dog  for a full set of vaccines yesterday and the total came out to be under 50 bucks with a dr. exam. I give them 5 stars for their reasonable prices and their customer service!
5	We have 3 cats , office staff always ask if we've been helped. Dr's always have follow up calls , best of all prices seem resonably
5	I took both of my dogs here for some of their shots &  check ups and the staff has always been great.  The prices are cheaper than previous vets I have gone too.  When my friend brought her boy dog over for a little he got a little too close to my dog & decided to mate, before I decided to get her fixed.  I was not planning on breeding her, but when I took her to this vet they talked me through everything & gave me some tips on things to do to help my dog stay healthy while nursing.  When she had the puppies one of them was too small & they helped me do everything I could to help the puppy survive. I don't have one complaint about them, besides the fact that they couldn't move to Henderson with me!
5	I moved to the West side of the city about a year ago, and I've been taking my dog here since then.  Their hours are very accommodating for those of us that work standard Monday-Friday 9a-5p jobs, which I appreciate so I don't have to take a work day off or take a weekend day to get a vet visit in (though I will if it comes down to it!).  My dog has gone in for shots, for diagnostics when I had a minor nervous breakdown about cherry eye (I'm good now, no worries), and my dog is going in for a dental cleaning later this month.  Great vets, great staff, great hours.
5	Durango Animal Hospital is fantastic. The facility is clean, the office staff are friendly, personable and nice. The Dr.s are very knowledgeable, patient, and a pleasure to work with. Great place!
5	This place is great.  We tried a "cat" specialist first, but was very disappointed, so we tried Durango and have been happy very since.  My 21y/o finally passed from old age and complications of a tumor.  They were helpful with his finally care.  Then came our shelter cat that brought to the house the shelter virus, we went to Durango for his care and then the subsequent care of our other cat.  They are very compassionate and take their time to make follow up calls.  They send reminder post cards for their vaccines and teeth cleaning appointments. And the prices seem to be reasonable compared to the other place we had tried.  Now they have a cute web site that allows you to post your pets photo's and check on their records.  Just a great animal hospital.
5	I use to come here years ago when my old dogs were still around, then came back after I got my new pup Jelly Bean. The doctors are all nice and informative. I never ask for one in particular because I've never had an issue with any of them.Awhile back my dog got ran over by an SUV and I rushed her over to the hospital where they stabilized and kept her until it was time for her scheduled surgery, which was four days later. They allowed me to visit her everyday and assured me that they giving her the best care possible. After Jelly was signed out from the hospital, the doctor in charge of her just gave me call to see about her condition--which she didn't have to do but it showed they really cared for her. Usually appointments aren't necessary, but I would call just in case you don't want to wait. They do accept walk-ins! During February their doing consulting for teeth cleaning where they offer a discount between $30-60, depending the health of your dog or cats teeth. Extremely professional and informative individuals. I recommend this hospital to anyone.
5	We had to put our dog down and they were very professional and made the decision easier. I highly recommend them. Dr B is a great vet
5	I moved to Long beach about a yr ago, I go out of my way to take my pup to this animal hospital, except for emergencies...  out of all the vets I've taken him their the nicest, most informative, and I loooove how they remember his name whenever he comes in. I also like,unlike other hospitals, that you don't really need to stick to one vet they're ALL amazing and they always make sure there's not a question left unasked and unanswered.
5	I just moved to Las Vegas from Mpls and went onto Yelp to find a vet for my 9yr old cocapoo.  I gave Durango a chance and it was fantastic!  I didn't need an appt, it only took maybe 30 mins total and it was a lot cheaper than Minneapolis (only $20 for visit and 2 shots).
3	When we first moved to town 4 years ago, we took our dogs to Durango Animal Hospital.  The only reason we left was because the bill was always way more than they had told us originally, and it happened every time.  After the Aloha Animal Hospital nightmare, we decided to return to Durango Animal Hospital.  I guess we can live with the bill always being way more than we are told, as long as they take good care of our dogs.
5	I have been meaning to write this review for awhile but kept forgetting. Taking my Rocky to them this morning reminded me how awesome everyone there is! I first found Durango Animal Hospital because I woke up one Sunday morning and Rocky was not behaving like his normal self. He was really lethargic, and didn't even want to go on his walk! This was definitely not like him. When I tried to pick him up (hes only 15 lbs), he yelped like he was in pain so I knew I had to find a vet and take him in. I searched on yelp for a vet that was open on Sunday's and found them! I called in first and they said to bring him in anytime. I adopted Rocky and he is deathly afraid of men, so I was a little worried because they only had 2 male vets working that day. Knowing he was sick, I took the risk, and I'm glad I did. He saw Dr. B. and he was very gentle with him. They ran some tests and we realized that he just must have eaten something bad that was giving him a tummy ache. So I took him home and watched to make sure he would get better within 24 hours. Dr. B personally called me the next day to see how Rocky was doing too. That call sealed the deal!! I love that personal touch, and made me realize that they really cared about how their pet patients were doing. When I had to take him in to get shots, I was so impressed by their personal care, I bought him back (even though its pretty far from my house). I saw Dr. B. again, and Rocky even licked and let him pet him! This was a first. We were in and out of there so quickly which is a plus for this Puppy Momma on the run! I had to take him in again this morning for a set of different shots. Dr. B. was off, so we saw someone else. This time Rocky was a little cranky and would let the vet touch him, but he sent in a female tech to assist him. Once again, they were fast and efficient! I took out my phone to tweet, and before I could even type, they were bringing Rocky back in saying he was all set! I love it! The girls in the front are all so nice and personal too. I really can't say enough about the great service they provide here. They truly care about the well being of your puppy, and that means a lot!
5	they are so kind and caring
5	Took my 15 year old mutt in to be neutered.  I have tried Town Center Animal Hospital, West Flamingo ( my favorite vet left town), and VCA in the past.  None of those places matched the care I was use to in Southern California. I went in very skeptical, and scared for my baby who needed this surgery.To my delight, I found a great vet, Dr McDermott, and a great staff.  They were caring, patient, and not too expensive.  $250 for neutering, teeth cleaning ( i think it was a special),  pain pills, and a cone.My dog is now acting like he did 5years ago, no issues, no problems with the surgery.Thank You Durango Animal Hospital!!!!On another note, West Flamingo AH does have a terrific cancer care vet- Dr Macy.
5	Friendly staff. They accept walk ins. Informative staff. Will answer all your questions.
4	Time to take my kitties for their check up and vaccines.  This month they were offering a free check up and I made out paying only for vaccines for three!  I love the quick service, the confidence of the staff and the way they handle the animals. They continue to offer great service, the web site is interactive, and if "liked" you'll get updated specials.
1	We have been bringing our dogs here for years. Dr C. operated on our dog's hip a few years ago. We have always been happy with the doctors. Today we took our dogs in for shots. We had an appointment but had to wait almost a half hour in a room with our dogs getting more and more nervous. When my husband went out to ask how  much longer it would be he got a very snotty "We"ll get to you when we get to you!"  When he asked how the sequence of who gets seen first worked, she was even ruder. I heard the way she was talking to my husband from the room and nicely asked for our dog's records.  We will be finding a new animal hospital. They acted like they sure don't need out business. Very sad!  I'm sure the doctors won't even know their staff drives away long-time customers. Look elsewhere for good customer service.
3	I hate to say it, but we did not have a good experience here. A while back, our Bengal cat was acting pretty strange. I don't know how to explain it, but he was meowing like crazy, seemed to be in pain, and would lose balance when trying to walk. The two vet hospitals that I usually go to were closed, so I came here because it was close to my home and they were still open that evening. Yes, the one thing I do like about this place is that they are open 7 days a week and close at 8pm on weekdays. I called ahead of time and they were nice enough to tell me to come in right away. The first doctor that we saw said that our cat had glaucoma, and I was sent home with 2 small, expensive bottles of eye drops. We came back a few days later for a follow up. We were set up with another doctor since the one we saw previously wasn't working that day. This doctor said that it could be "something else" and its possible that he doesn't have glaucoma. He ordered a bunch of tests - blood work, x-rays and a few other ones. Of course we had agreed because we were very concerned about our baby. We even agreed to have him stay at the hospital for a few nights, hoping that the doctors would monitor him and find out what was wrong. When the test results came back, they basically told us that everything looked good, but because they knew something was wrong and did not know what it was, we got referred to a specialist. So we took him to the doctors at the veterinary neurological center. I won't even mention how much we spent there, but at least they gave us some answers. Our cat had a really bad ear infection. Which explained why he was walking funny and had high eye pressures. Anyway, what I cannot understand is why the doctors at Durango could not figure out that he had a ear infection. I mean, isn't that one of the more common problems that they would see? Another odd thing is that the doctor at the neurological center explained that surgery would be a good option. They called the doctors at Durango and asked if they could perform this type of surgery and of course answered that they were not comfortable with doing it. So we got referred to another specialist. It makes me wonder if the doctors here really did know that our cat had a bad ear infection, but because they did not want to do a surgery, they decided not to deal with it and sent us to another doctor. I guess I'll never know, but one thing is for sure, I won't be returning.
5	On February 12th, 2013 my 14 1/2 year old dog  passed away.  Dr. McDermott at Durango Animal Hospital did everything that he could for her.  In the toughest of times, he is a very compassionate and understanding Dr.  We could not have asked for more.  I will pay what ever it is, I know I was upset with them at one point because the bills are always higher than quoted, but now I realize that her having the best care was priceless.  Money doesn't matter, only your beloved matters.  We have an eight year old too,  I will not let him be seen by anyone other Dr. McDermott.
5	Dr. Christopher Schneider is the best!  He's very informative and answers all your questions.  He doesn't try to rush you so that he can get to the next appointment.  If he doesn't know the answer, then he will refer to someone who will.  For example, my dog was having serious eye ulcer problems, and the medicine that we were using wasn't enough.  So he referred me to Las Vegas Veterinary Hospital where his eye ulcers where taken care of.My dog also has regular issues like skin problems, ear, and anal glands problems.  Dr, Schneider is always nice and treats my dog with care.  Dr. Schneider has been my dog's doctor for more than half of his life.  I recommend seeing him as your pet's doctor.
5	I have finally found a match for my precious babies! Dr. Christensen was the most thorough, caring, and professional Veterinarian I have encountered in the last decade.  Our sweet brindle boxer Lilly, had a cancerous tumor removed from her paw. Never once did I feel as if he was pushing surgery to nickle and dime us as some Vets do. Lilly had a successful surgery. She had growths, tumors and and a teeth cleaning all in one shot. I must also mention that the total cost of service was extremely reasonable! The proof of Dr. Christensen's attentive and loving nature towards animals came when we took Lilly in for her regular bandage changes.  She felt calm and ease even when we knew she was sore. I could not be happier with the service we received, even though the news of cancer was not the best.  Also, thumbs up to the front office staff.  Thank you for loving and caring for our baby!!!!
5	We brought our Doberman Greta here for 10 years.  She had tumors on her spine and could no longer walk.  As hard as it was we decided to end her suffering and pain.  The Vet on staff explained the process carefully to us.  They allowed us to stay with Greta during the procedure and gave us the privacy and the time we needed to say goodbye.  They were so respectful.  Over the 10 years We had  a chance to interact with many of the doctors and staff and never had a negative experience.  Even when things were busy they always took the time to answer any questions and address any concerns.  We just added a new 8 week old Chocolate Lab "Riley" to our family and will be trusting his care to the doctors and staff at Durango Animal Hospital.
5	When I moved to Vegas in 2003 I needed to find a vet for Catman who at the time was 8 years old.  Over the next 10 years he received quality care from the staff at Durango Animal Hospital; primarily Dr. Chistensen.  I felt that his "bed side" manner was very comforting and he took the time to listen to my concerns and fully explain all procedures and recommendations.  You can just tell the doctor cares for your pet and is not just going through the motions to get you in and out.  Follow up calls were always performed and I feel their rates were on par with the quality care we received.  In March of 2012 Catman's health had deteriorated to a point where I had to make the decision to have him put to rest.  For 18 years he was my friend so it was very hard on me.  Dr. Christensen was very compassionate and his reassurance to me that this was the best thing for us and that he would not know what was happening made the process easier.  Honestly that was the single most difficult thing I've had to do and I'm thankful for the doctor being there for me during this.  If and when I decide to have another pet, this will be the place that I use, no question about it.
5	My favorite vet is no longer here, but I still connected with Dr. McDermitt.  He and his staff provide excellent care of my cats.  They seem very busy however, and it pays to be patient, they have a huge amount of employees, but the number of pets coming in the door, it's overwhelming. The appointment was on time, the care performed was excellent, and they called to update and arrange for pick up time.  Services are excellent, staff excellent, good place for veterinary care.
5	Update:  Now there are a bunch of new doctors here...Dr. Christopher Schneider was my go to doctor and he is not there anymore.. he left to cali :(   :(   So now I see Dr. McDermott.  He is one the original doctors still there.  Dr Schneider said that he is leaving me in good hands with Dr. McDermott.  He's very professional and gives great advice and information.  Also, I give my dog a vegan diet and he's open to that idea and not condescending.  So I recommend seeing Dr. McDermott.  :)
5	I have been going to this vet office for 5 years. The service and prices are unbeatable!!! I will go nowhere else with my dog. They do not just want to take your money like most places, they truly care about your animals and their well being. :) HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!!!! Love all of the vets I've met with thus far.
5	I have spent a lot of time at Durango AH lately and I have come to respect the doctors and staff a great deal. My dog had to come in after a pit bull attacked him and they were there to attend to him immediately and were great on follow-up visits.  I also bring my cat there and trust them for boarding if I have to go out of town. I wouldn't think of going anywhere else.
5	Today was my first visit to Durango Animal Hospital and I it was a really great experience.  From the time I walked in till the time I left, nothing but great customer service.  I never had a new born puppy, and Allyson was very informative and answered all of my concerns. I'm so glad my friend recommended me to Durango Animal Hospital. If you're looking for a place with affordable rates and great service, stop in and see why Durango Animal Hospital is the best.
5	From the front office to the back treatment area everything was great. Dr Christensen came in on a Saturday night at 10:00 pm because my Boxer became very ill. We did have to put Zeppelin to sleep, and while it was heartbreaking, Dr Christensen did everything possible to make us feel comfortable with our decision and he was incredibly compassionate and kind. I have been to many Vets in my past but I can honestly say this group really has it together. The services are priced more than fair everything is exceptionally clean and everyone has been professional, friendly and kind. They will be taking care of my animals for years to come. Once again thank you all for awesome service  Mari Lifrieri
5	After reading numerous reviews on Yelp, trying to find the best local vet for my 8 week old Airedale puppy, I came across Durango Animal Hospital. The reviews looked good so I decided to go in and check it out. Great location, very clean, and the staff was great! Yay I found a vet for my Atlas! We returned a few days later for our appointment. We were seen promptly and Dr. McDermott was so nice! Atlas loved it too and was very comfortable. We will definitely be coming back here for many years to come!
5	Had a great second visit! We even got a room with a beautiful fish tank! The wait wasn't bad and everyone was very nice again. We love our visits to the vet.
5	Love this place. I bring my english bulldog here. Just left and it's a Sunday, because they have great hours. 'Fudge' has mites (gross). The doctor was so cool they let me go in back and see the disgusting parasites under the scope feasting on my boys back!! Whatever it was awesome and they are really good to my boy!
4	Update, they did not charge me for the extra night, which was the right thing to do, although I was surprised when I picked them up to find that there was a mandatory $20 fecal exam for each dog - which I understand, I just would like for it to not be a surprise charge. Again, they do a GREAT job as a vet, I just wish they had a better system to giving you the information you need and charges you are going to incur beforehand so it isn't a surprise .  There's a lot of information to give, maybe a one sheet a the time you drop off your dogs would be good and cover everything?  ___Original Review:I want to like this place, as a vet and price wise they are good so far, but with respect to the front desk staff there is something to be desired. I told them when they were dropped off that I was picking my dogs up from boarding tonight around 7:30, no one ever said "we are only open until 5pm", they said there was someone with them 24 hours.  I've now driven 45 minute each way out of my way only to find that my dogs have to spend the night again (the technician is "locked inside") and I can pick them up at 6am and have to pay for an additional night of boarding.  Not to mention my dogs had surgery and I'm sure are very scared and just want to be home, which is the worst part.
1	Usually they're good. Not today that's for sure. So irritated. Long story short my dog goes in once a week for a mite bath. Last week it was $48, this week it was $50. It's the principal. I also wanted them to cut his nails today. They say they did but I know they didn't, they look exactly the same. Had receptionist confirm they were cut, came back saying they did but since the quick was so long...ok, if the quick is so long why cut them at all? I'm well aware of the quick btw. Why not wait until next time when they've grown a little more rather than charge me for doing nothing. Makes no sense. I wanted them to take him back and cut them again. If I'm not happy with something make it right.  Nope, I paid and now I'm pissed. Lastly nobody calls me to tell me they're done with the dog. I have to call them. Usually atleast twice. First time they left me on hold so long I hung up. I don't know what their problem was today but what a disappointment.
1	Not to happy after I picked up my babies. We let them board here over the weekend. We got the nail trim and courtesy bathe.When I picked them up they looked so nice and clean. But when we got home I notice they smelled like pee and there was dry poop on one of my babies back. My other baby had dry poop near his butt. I'm not even sure if they trim my dogs nails it's all filthy. So I just had to give them a bath Myself. I thought about it.... I'm pretty sure this is this the last time I'm bringing them here. This is the 3rd time my Babies came out like this. I must say I back then in 2007-2011 this place was great. Now not so great. Sorry!So apparently,  the staff that checked me out forgot to add on charges like there shots. And today, which is Sept. 4, 2014, I received a final notice of $60. But haven't received any other letter before that. But you know what! The lady that I spoke took was really professional and great about. Hope more of the staff's would be like her.
5	We brought my step daughter's dog in for a check-up.  The Doctor was very professional, and accurately assessed that her dog was likely suffering from cancer, but took some samples for testing.  The samples ended up being positive and we had to put our buddy down.  The staff and doctor were incredibly sensitive and compassionate.  The cremation services were very convenient and the sympathy card was enough to bring tears to the eyes of all.  We sincerely appreciate their handling of a difficult moment in our life and will be using them for our other animals when needed.Thank you Durango!
5	I've been to this animal hospital numerous times and trust my pets to them! All the doctors are amazing and I love that they always send me emails to remind me of my babies vaccination times !
5	I am so relieved to find a good Vet in Vegas! I had an appointment at 6:30, arrived a few minutes early to do the paperwork. I was here to get a wellness check for my new 3 month old kitty, while I did the paperwork the girls behind the desk helped calm my little scaredy cat and played until the doctor came. To my surprise, right at 6:30 I was called into the room to meet with Dr. Fleming. She was great! Down to earth and told me exactly what was going on, it was refreshing to be talked to, not talked down too. Kitty ended up having some ear mites so while Dr.Fleming was explaining how to treat kitty, he climbed right up on her shoulder where he stayed until everyone was done. She was kind with kitty and mindful that he was nervous and the treatment wasnt the best part of his day. I was in and out within 20 minutes, had all the answers, and all the meds.I wouldnt hesitate to recommend Dr.Fleming or the Durango Animal Hospital to anyone. Rooms and offices are clean and welcoming. Convenient location also!
5	Best vet experience in Vegas, and we have finally found the right one for us. We moved to Las Vegas last year and have been looking for a great vet that does not rip you off price wise. After going to this vet a couple times I am very impressed with all involved. The staff from the point you walk in to the doctor are friendly and helpful. They also offer very competitive bathing, nail clipping and boarding. We recently took on do four dogs in for a bath and nail clip and they did a fantastic job. This particular dog is very sensitive when it comes to vets, but each time he has visited he has come out happy and been friendly to the staff. This says a lot to me about how well they treat him. I am very impressed and very happy with our new vet!
4	In general, I love this animal hospital. I mainly take my dog to see Dr McD. Really nice guy that gets things taken care of. Offered us some things for free due to a complications we had with the clinic which was extremely generous. The only problem I have is the inconsistent care between vets. I was offered antibiotics for a healing wound my dog had(not by Dr McD) and when I came back the following day for a check-up, Dr McD told me my dog doesn't need to be on the medications. Money wasted. Frustrating.Besides that, would recommend this animal hospital.
5	Great place! Only animal hospital I've been to and won't be looking elsewhere. Staff and vets are friendly and professional. And they really care about you and your pet! They call you for follow-ups and send you reminders for next appointments. Handles my dog very well every time we visit.  Thumbs up!
5	I just wanted to update this review a month in. This is still the best bet office I have ever been to. The staff is great and friendly, and the doctors are all great. Dr. Gammill is our main doctor and she is great with our pups. We have seen a couple of the other docs and all have been nice and helpful. I have never been in a vets office where I didn't feel like I was being ripped off in some way, until I found this group. I feel like I am charged extremely fairly do their services and that they do a fantastic job. Kudos to the at Durango Animal Hospital for a 5-star experience!
4	(New patient)Got here at 545, waited til 6 when they opened. Got put into a room right away, waited 20ish mins to see the vet. Told her the issue, she took her back for a full exam. Exam costs $42 (she's a chihuahua so it might vary by size). Clipped her nails (I'm a horrible parent, they were very long, $10).She ended up needing a ton more done (xrays, blood tests, went home w/2 meds) bill was $700 and no diagnosis.. no broken paw or anything abnormal in tests, she's just in horrible pain and can barely use her left front paw/leg.Sent home with pain meds and anti inflammatory. Back a month later for same thing. Super nice doctors, staff can seem a bit in a hurry/rushed/not concerned. but all in all good =] we're back a few times a month for nail clipping
4	I take both my dogs to the Durango Animal Hospital and they love Dr. McDermitt! He takes the time to answer all my questions (and trust me I have a lot) and has even taken the time to look over the ingredients on my dog food bag to make sure it was a good choice for my pups. I never feel like he rushes me and that's really important to me when I go to doctor's office. The doctors are all very nice and accommodating. Most of the receptionists are nice as well. Occasionally I'll run into one that's having a bad day or one that's rude but whatever.. the doctors are great!!
5	I can't believe that I have never checked in or written a review for this animal hospital.  Dr. Matt Brooks is surely one of the finest people we know.  He is not holistic, but he is open and always listens to our holistic ideas, theories and works with us to give us the best of both worlds. Yesterday one of our patients needed help with their cat who was breathing heavy. As a Holistic Dentist, my husband gets calls & questions about everything, as his patients know he will know where the brilliant doctors of all types are... So our cell phones ring for unusual requests:)))We went and picked up the cat and his owners, as they did not have a car at home & it seemed like a crisis.  Dr.  Matt Brooks made room for him at a moments notice...  He took excellent care of the sweet cat. We were all in the room asking questions & Dr. Brooks was so kind & accommodating.  God Bless Dr. Brooks, he has the patience of a Saint, at 4 pm on a Saturday after a long day of practicing... He is amazing.  Dr. Matt is confident, smart, kind, competent an excellent diagnostician & surgeon. He has great judgement & like all of the best Docs I know, he is not intimidated by knowledgeable patients, in this case owners of patients:) He has a real heart for people & animals. He listens well & is not an egomaniac doctor by any means.  I am extremely selective about Vets... And with that being said... Although this is a corporately owned vet clinic, I recommend it, if you see Dr. Matt Brooks. I have NO experience with the other Vets here. The bottom line ... YOU CAN TRUST DR. BROOKS!  He will treat your animal as though it was his own, if you give him the freedom & opportunity to make the best decision for Your Pet... I know he always will!
5	I'm here at LEAST 2-3 times a week and whether we have a scheduled appointment or not (and we usually do), the wait time usually isn't so bad. They know my face and where I work so usually when I enter the building they greet me and peek over their desks to see who I've got with me today. The staff is very friendly and polite. I used to go to a different animal hospital for my own dog but after coming here so often and seeing everything and how this office works, how clean they are, and how organized they are, I decided to start taking my dog here instead. A huge factor was also because they take CareCredit. Currently, their office is undergoing some reconstruction to add a boarding room into a whole other building attached the the rear of theirs so its a little chaotic but it's okay. I only wish their parking lot was a little more spacious. Tis alllllll I have to say! :)
5	Definitely one of the more affordable spay/neuter services in town.I use to go to Las Vegas Spay and Neuter Clinic, but had to switch since I no longer live on that side of town. I paid roughly $110 due to the cone and getting my dog's nails trimmed. The spaying procedure itself is $95 which I know spaying cost more due to it being internal. Anyways, this clinic is a bit more cheaper. If I had decided to spay her here, it would have cost me $85 which INCLUDES the cone already. I got my tiny ChiPin (Chihuahua/Miniature Pinscher) neutered for about $65.Anyways, the clinic has 2 different seating areas. I'm assuming one side is for cats and the other is dogs, but it's not labeled. I took my puppy in on a Saturday morning I believe and pick him up that same day. (I'm not 100% sure if they take walk-ins, but I always like to call to set up an appointment).Dr Allison Gammill took amazing care of my dog, Kovu. She was AMAZING. She could definitely sense that he was nervous and was able to tend to him. When my boyfriend and I went in the afternoon to pick him up, he faced some minor complications during his procedure. He experienced a blood clot after the initial procedure was completed. She had to go back in and address the matter which caused some MAJOR bruising. I thought he was bleeding when I picked him up, but she assured me it was ALL bruises. She gave me direct instructions along with some pain pills for him to take.The most touching part of our visit there was that she called a few days later to check up on him. She definitely felt horrible that he had all that bruising and wanted to make sure he was doing okay which made me feel happy and at ease that I chose the right place to take away the "manliness" of my puppy, haha. He's due for another shot soon so as long as I'm living on this side of town.. I will definitely be bringing him here for all his puppy needs.
5	Brought my 4 month old puppy here for her third set of shots today (Saturday afternoon) and boy oh boy, IS IT BUSY!! But I was rest assured once I noticed the fast-friendly and helpful staff in the front. * This place has a good amount of parking and has a doggie rest area for your dog to go to the bathroom or to hang out at. * There are 2 sections of the lobby (isn't assigned cats or dogs) to give more room for clients and there are doggie treats (for grabs) in the front by the products they sell. *** I signed in and not even 15 minutes later I was called up, finished with paper work and was brought into a room to await a doctor. Allyson Gammill was wonderful with Eva and assured me that she wouldn't charge me extra without my consent (unlike my previous vet place). She let me know beforehand what Eva was getting today and asked if she could prescribe me medicine for Evas ear infection. Dr. Gammill even answered several questions I had about getting Eva Spayed (she printed out a rough estimate of the price & what the surgery would consist of), if Eva could leave the state with me this Christmas and took the time to explain to me about trupanion animal insurance. So far so GREAT, Eva was a happy and comfortable puppy there with a few whines due to the fact it was a new place. I look forward to bringing my Eva here again! :)
2	Never had a problem with this place before until today. My dog had a bad hacking cough. I called and asked if I should bring him in- they told me yes, it was important if he had kennel cough. I made an appointment. My boyfriend waited about an hour after the appointment time, and not only had they not seen the dog, but they couldn't tell him when a vet might be available. I understand the wait if I walk in or if there is an emergency, but don't tell me it's important that I come in and then make me wait over an hour, even though I was on time and there was no emergency situation. It's the first time we've gotten up and walked out of the vet's office. It really bothers me when a business accepts an appointment that it does not honor. Don't accept the appointment then. Had they told me that there were other appointments and I couldn't be seen at that time, I simply would have rescheduled.
3	Okay I want to be very clear this review is ONLY for their boarding services and not their vet services. Their vets services are still 5-star. We boarded our 3 dogs there over the holidays for 10 days. When I picked the dogs up I noticed they had lost a lot of weight. I was very concerned and called and learned that they had the feeds information wrong and fed them about half of what they were supposed to. I would normally have moved them to 2 or 1 stars however, after speaking with them and Dr. McDermont (the practice manager) they refunded a portion of the money and were very concerned at the situation. They vowed to work with the staff and ensure that this issue never occurs again. I trust this will happen because we have loved every moment of our experiences with this practice and have never had an issue until now. We will probably give them another chance at boarding the dogs in the future.
4	To update my prior review, I went back today and got great service. I don't think it's fair to leave just the negative review when Durango Animal Hospital really went out of its way to rectify the situation from yesterday. We were very happy with the service we received today.
