3	Le Milsa is the place to go to have "Meat on a Sword" and I am not kidding.The meat is amazing, and tastes really good, the prices are reasonable, but the drinks (even soft drinks) are more expensive then usual. Great for a night out.
1	What a horrible experience I had at this restaurant! I had the unfortunate luck of attending a friends birthday party at Milsa. They are well-equipped for dealing with larger groups. Unfortunately they don't know what the hell they're doing. Even though they come and dump all the sides on the table for you to pick at, and even though all the meat comes to the table with some unhappy guy and a sword, they still manage to turn this into an extremely long evening.The food is really nothing special. Unless you're one of the XXXL people who live and die at the buffet table, you can do so much better than this restaurant.Now let's talk about Brazilian culture. Do I really need to see some young girl dancing around a room in a glorified bikini while I'm trying to eat my dinner? I felt creepy. The whole thing seems quite inappropriate to me. Don't go!
2	Mmmm... what can I say about Le Milsa...... It's really nothing amazing... The meat is extremely salty (obviously..so you drink a ton of water and therefore eat less), it's always very loud, and the service is so-so. The only "amazing" thing here is the sauteed mushrooms. Out of this world. But not really worth $35-40... Meh.
5	Again had a great experience in the restaurants Le Milsa. I was in Laval and bumped into the Le Milsa in Laval. And since I love this restaurant in Montreal and love the food they serve, so I decided to try it in Laval too. And I am glad I did so. Again enjoyed delicious meat, the various choices of it, the smell of it and the taste of it. mmmm even now I can feel the taste of it in my mouth... Loved it
4	Ya I really like this place.It's like a rotisseries where the waiters bring rods of meat to you every 2 minutes and all kinds of meats too (like sirloin, chicken, turkey, etc). The food here is really good and the service is good. I like it. It's a meat lover's delight!My only complaint is the selection of drinks here. It's a bit limited.
2	Not impressed at all i was expecting better food and better ambiance.  I am what you can call all-eaterian :) i eat everything, (OK my all favorite is seafood) but i absolutely cannot pass on a good grilled meat. A big variety of meat on a sword (sirloin fillet mignon, chicken, sausages etc...) but its just OK, your cut could vary from burnt to rare, many pieces were salty. saute mushroom was very good as well as the sweet potato, salad was OK. I wasn't impressed and i usually prefer a very good piece of meat than an ok all you can eat, at the end you can eat what your body can take and over stuffing your stomach is not the right thing to do. Prices are high for what your getting even if you don't take the all you can eat menu you still end up with 30$ just for a piece of salmon or chicken and a soft drink (without the tip) 45-50 for the 10 variety menu , this is on a regular weekday (45-50$ on weekend) on weekend. Service was very good and fast, the restaurant was not full so i don't know exactly how things will change on a regular weekend night. its always good to try things but i  don't think i will  revisit this restaurant in the future.
