5	Won the award for Pittsburgh's best fish sandwich.  It's enormous.  Two fish sandwiches, really, which kind of makes it not fair, since all the other fish sandwich places must have only really been competing with half the fish of this place.Great beer selection and the prices. . . let's just say you know you're not in the Pittsburgh city limits when you buy five craft beers and your bar tab ends up not cracking the $30 barrier.Good wings, and huge burgers.
4	We went on a Friday to try the fish sandwich. I got mine with lettuce and tartar along with onion rings and coleslaw and a side of 5 garlic parm wings, she had fries with hers. The fish was not only massive, it was good. A lighter batter than most places, cooked right, not oily. The bun held up to the end and didn't crumble in mid-meal while trying to squeeze that massive sandwich in my mouth. The coleslaw was crisp and tangy with the right amount of moisture. The onion rings were typical, no problems and a good-sized serving.The wings were good - crispy outside and moist on the inside. The garlic was on the light side, not overpowering. Not the biggest wings I've ever had, but not the smallest either. Pretty typical.We went a little before 5 PM so it wasn't very crowded initially but by the time we left it was filling up. I was satisfied with the service, didn't have to ask for anything that was forgotten. Didn't try any of the beers so can't speak to that.It's a neighborhood place, expect to be called "hon". Makes you feel welcome. Parking is on the street and not abundant.Overall a good experience and will return.
5	Good food and really nice people! Thanks for going out of your way and making the fish sandwiches special for my aunt and grandma! They said they were really great and my brother really liked the Italian roast beef and sausage.
5	Thank you guys so much! I really appreciate you opening up the kitchen on Christmas Eve to make us your famous Fish sandwich! I didn't know what to get my 94 year old great aunt and 87 year old grandma for Christmas - but I know they love fish sandwiches - so I wanted to give them the best! I drove them all the way out from Derry  so they could try your fish sandwich - and they loved it!Merry Christmas!
5	Ok, I hate to admit because this review might make the wait longer on Fridays, but this is the best fish sandwich I've ever had. We got takeout and they even wrapped the bun in foil so it would not get soggy on the drive home. The sides are good too. My new lent spot for sure!
5	Seriously the best fish sandwich in town...period!  Not to mention the burgers are delicious!  The heart attack burger is to die for...no pun intended (fresh ground meat, ham, egg, bacon, and cheese).  The wings are also tasty and always cooked to perfection.  The staff is great and friendly!  The restaurant isn't super huge, so you may want to get there early on Lenten Fridays or on game days.  They also make take out orders!
