5	Rouge Skin did the hair and makeup for my wedding and it was fabulous! We all looked beautiful and everything stayed put. I would HIGHLY recommend them!
5	Brianna at "Rouge Skin Hair and Makeup services" is awesome!  She did my makeup a few times just for fun and going out and she did such a great job. She is very professional and fun.  She picked the right colors to go with my skin tone, and I got lots of compliments.I have also seen some of her work done at weddings and it's just amazing.  When my day comes, she will def be the one I call.Thanks Brianna! You rock!
5	I send every bride I know to Rouge Skin and they are always happy I did. I wouldn't trust anyone else but Brianna to do my hair and make up. She is truly amazing. When I get married I know who I will be calling.
5	Today was my first time at Rouge. Its easy to find and has easy parking. Its super cute inside! It has and inviting homey feel and is cozy but totally contemporary and stylish. It kind of feels like you are at your best friends house but you know its a place where some serious beauty rituals go down. The added bonus was she has that cool instant coffee maker, I love those and I hadn't had my morning coffee yet :)  Brianna cut and styled my hair and it was exactly what I wanted. I needed a cut so bad! She made some recommendations about where to start the layers and such and she didn't let me down. I totally love it and I'm sure I will be going back. She also answered questions about other stuff I want done like extensions and feather extensions too. I look forward to needing her for other services like makeup and updo's in the future, now I have my go to girl!
5	Brianna is one of the best makeup artists and beauty experts I've worked with. She is professional and kind and so very knowledgeable in what she does. She offers custom blend foundation making my face look so flawless- you can expect to get get amazing service and care- and know that you will look amazing-- I sure did. She is also affordable for the quality time service and product line that she offers.I will definitely come back for hair and makeup!
5	I hired Brianna to do hair and makeup for me, my mom, and my six bridesmaids for my September 2012 wedding.  Brianna was very professional and accommodating given the number of women she had to prepare in a short time frame, and definitely remained calm under pressure.  I did a hair and makeup trial with Brianna a couple of months prior to the big day, and in between the trial and the wedding date, I completely changed my mind as to how I wanted my hair and makeup.  No problem for Brianna!  She was very understanding, and based on the trial, I completely trusted her to do a great job executing my new vision.  I love, love, LOVED my hair for the wedding, and I was most impressed by the makeup she did for each girl and my mom.  She was able to work with each to achieve the looks they wanted, while still maintaining consistency across the whole group.  The pictures turned out fabulous!  I highly recommend Brianna to other brides!
5	Brianna and her team at Rouge Skin Hair and Make up are absolute rockstars!! They really worked with me on timing and getting everything coordinated for my wedding. I had 9 people getting their make up done and they dealt with me changing the start time 3 times. They are super flexible, affordable and did amazing work. We had the airbrush makeup and at first I was concerned because I usually wear a lot of make up because I like the matte finish well I got that look with 2 little drops of makeup. My eyelashes looked amazing, my eye makeup looked amazing, everything looked amazing. I cannot say enough good things about Brianna, Jennifer and their team. What an absolute delight to work with. I would highly recommend them for make up for ANY event, whether your getting married or attending a wedding this team will make you look your best!!
5	Briana was great. She listened to what I wanted and did an amazing job. When I said I didn't like the lips she was the best, never got mad and changed it right away! I can be very picky and she always stayed professional and upbeat. She even came in early when I decided at the last minute I wanted my hair styled too. Thank you for making me look perfect and feel even better.
5	I don't give 5 stars away unless you absolutely blow me away. Brianna Perezcassar is amazing! I feel Vegas hit a jackpot with this amazing woman. She has a great personality, she knows makeup, she has a great team and as a bride I was HAPPY! My family and friends also loved her. I highly recommend calling Rouge Skin & Makeup. The services provided are priced well and are outstanding.
5	Brianna with Rouge is awesome. After several messages via Yelp, email and text, we met for a hair and make up trial. For the trial, we met in the Northwest, where she has a spot dedicated to just trials. I brought photos and ideas I was thinking of, and she also showed me some of her previous work. Then wala! Brianna worked her skills and many years of experience on me, and I had my wedding look down. It was maybe a couple shades of color off from the lips but just minor adjustments for the big day.  On the big day, she arrived at my house early to set up. This time around did not take as long as the trial since Brianna knew exactly what she was going for. I looked flawless, how a bride should look, and it stayed all day. This includes the make up (airbrush) and hair (updo). If you are looking for fantastic, professional, not overdone makeup, Brianna's your gal!
