3	Anything you would expect a typical Subway. Nothing really stands out or is blatantly bad except that it's in a deserted strip mall next to a liquor store.
1	Yikes! This place was kinda scary with a bunch of tweeker looking people coming in. Dude ripped my bread open wrong causing it to have a huge tear down the side... What did he care? He probably just has that job to work up enough dough to go buy some more smack... Had to tell him what kind of bread 3 times and what cheese I wanted 3 more times.
4	This is a nice Subway. It's clean (almost brand new) and isn't as scary as one of the previous reviews makes it seem.In fact, it's my go-to Subway for lunch. The meat and vegetables are always fresh, and never "off". The bread is always fresh, and when they build the sandwich, it's not pathetic and lifeless. I've had some bad Subway experiences in the past at other locations.Worth a shot if you are hungry and in the area.
1	Let me start off by saying if I can get this place -5 star review I would! We were at the Bluegreen resort in Las Vegas California. Location is under the hotel room attached to the hotel. The wife and son were hungry so we decided to grab a sandwich. Let's start by saying we were not welcomed when we walked in the door. The toppings look old and everything was empty. All I wanted was a soup. The rude customer service representative for subway told me sorry were out of soap. Could have said I need to make more so it will take 15 minutes I would've said okay I'll send my son down in 15 minutes.  No she told me no soup when I ask is there in the back she said yes with an attitude and walked away. I didn't see her again for the entire time we're there. The other customer service representative for subway. Was also rude and not look at us smile anything. When my wife asked for mustard the container was empty and instead of going to get a fresh container she continued to squeeze and squeeze to get the last bit out of that container. On my sons sandwich he wanted a scoop of tuna. "The lady said sorry we can't do that" He then replied my dad will pay extra. "Lady then said sorry we cannot do that"This subway will definitely ruin my experiences going to any subway in the future. I only leave reviews if I have the best experience or the worst experience because I believe people come to Yelp looking for these type of reviews so that they can make better choices of the restaurants etc. they visit.
