4	This gym has plenty of space to workout and not feel like you're on top of anyone. They have a large selection of cardio and weight lifting machines as well as free weights and bench press and squat stations. It's all you could ask for from a gym that is $10 a month and $1 down.
5	The location is clean and the staff friendly. The personal trainers are top notch. All in shape with a variety of specialties.
5	Great new gym.  I have been going there since end of last year and have nothing but great things to say.  Awesome cardio machines with TVs, fans, and iPhone/ipod chargers on them. (If you have iPhone 5, you are sol.). The weight machines are new and well cleaned.  Free weights are awesome and they have enough to make sure all the bros can get their bi's and tri's ripped.  Staff is friendly and locker rooms are clean and well stocked.  Biggest perk is month to month option, so if you are looking for a transitional gym or even a permanent gym, but are afraid of commitment you fit is for you!
4	This is my first week here. So far, so good. Since it's pretty new, the facility is clean and nice. The machines are awesome, with built in TVs, charging dock (not for iphone 5 though) and modern display of functions. Weight areas are nice too.There isn't a big stretching area, and locker rooms are kind of small, but for the price that's fine with me. I've seen some people complain about hidden fees on the price... just read the contract online, it's all there. Read it to know what you are getting into. Even though the month-to-month fee goes up $5 after a year, it's still less than other memberships.The staff at the front desk are friendly. I will say though, after my 3rd visit, I was contacted by a trainer. And wow, was he pushy. I know they are all like this, they have to do their job. But he would just not take no for an answer, and this irritates me. I had to put up with this at LA Fitness as well.I want to go to the gym free of pressure from trainers hovering. I hope they will eventually understand I don't want their training service (even if it's free!). Just leave me be and stop hounding members. For that, I gave it 4 stars.
4	The equipment is always clean and the staff is friendly except for one of the morning girls... I am sure they can figure out which one because the other one is like the sweetest girl ever. How can  I complain though LA Fitness blows aside from basketball.The ONLY thing I would change is:Waterless urinals,the last thing I want to see is some leftover disco bush with an aeroma scent of another mans duck butter.
4	This is the cleanest gym I have ever been to.  They are constantly cleaning the place.  I am glad they finally put a fitness center in Old Town.  This is a great place to get some cardio done and lift some weights.  This isn't the place you a person looking for classes.  They do offer personal training but at additional costs.  I must go here a lot because the staff remembers my name.  I love the cardio equipment.  Each piece has a fan and TV.  This is a place where you can get in and out for your workout.
4	I just joined yesterday so it's a little early for a review. But I have to say my first workout went without a hitch. The girl at the front desk was nice. I joined and paid online so she took my picture, handed me a key card and I was free to workout. Loved the no pressure...so far.Her name begins with Key- (I told her I would forget it. sorry)I found it slightly uncomfortably warm in the cardio area and then discovered the HUGE fan circulating over the weight machines. That's got to be the biggest fan I have ever seen, but why only one in the entire gym? That fact might lead to less cardio and more weights on future workouts. I'll update soon.I loved how everything was new and clean. Best of all- no dirty feet smell in the locker room like at every LA Fitness to which I have ever gone.Yes, the purple and green are BRIGHT, but didn't bother me. I went on a Sunday afternoon and it was practically empty. I got Rockstar parking outside the front door.The treadmills have personal tvs and fans, but I couldn't figure out how to attach my headphones so I couldn't listen to it. Next time.
1	If it were possible to give negative stars I would. I got a flyer of a 1.00 down offer and decided to take a look over one year ago. They had a tent out front and I started asking questions. I wasn't able to even go inside but I paid the 1.00. I was told we would not be charged until we went for the first time and check in.THESE GUYS ARE CROOKS JUST LIKE EVERY OTHER GYM.I now have a collection company calling me demanding payment for a balance in which I legally did not run up. We have never been there to this day but we still get calls. BEWARE OF THIS COMPANY
1	SCAM SCAM SCAMBefore I had even stepped foot into the gym i'd received 6 phone calls from various so called trainers asking for my acct and routing information to sign up. Dont give it to them, your paying a lot more than it seems and its 100+ to get out of their ridiculous contract. As soon as you walk in they try selling you personal training. One guy said he charged 90 to meet with me once a month! They don't care about helping all they want it squeeze as much money out of you as possible!
4	Very clean, all the equipment is in excellent condition and the hours are good. Month to month is only $10 plus a $39 sign up fee. Diverse clientele
3	Four stars as soon as they add toilet seat covers and have a female check the bathroom OFTEN to wipe down the ALWAYS wet counter. GROSS! Julia at the front desk kindly told me I could use toilet paper to cover the seats... Gee thanks... So let's waste skinny little pieces of very thin toilet paper instead of seat covers. duh!The way it is now, the male who cleans the women's restroom has to close the bathroom each time for at least ten minutes...SO ANNOYING when you really gotta go!!!Okay, I have learned that "We Are Green" means disregard germs in bathrooms. GROSS! I have asked for paper towels to wipe the wet counters, but according to Manager Trevor, corporate policy says NO paper towels because they are a "green company".I hope this changes!! Trevor told me I am the first person to bring this to his attention and will see to it that the bathroom is checked by a female employee every 1/2 hour.Oh, and what's with hanging your car/house key on a pegboard by the front door so anyone can walk off with your keys...and car?! Dumb idea!After reading all of the reviews mentioning hidden costs...like a $30 cleaning fee (say what?!), I need to check my bank account.
3	I go to this gym and I haven't had a problem with it. It's always so clean and the staff are extremely friendly. One thing that I wish this gym had was a stair master. They have multiple machines but no stair master. Get to it youfit! Now I have to change gyms... Other than that it's great.
3	Lots of equipment... many, many cardio machines and lots of variety on the weight machines.  Even with a ton of treadmills and ellipticals, this place can get full in the evenings. One thing they don't have are stair climbers. =/   But their treadmills have fans in them, which I love!  And I can watch Food Network while I climb my fat-burning hills.  ;-) The place is always clean and the employees have a friendly vibe.  I bought my membership online, and when I went in the first time no one showed me around, so I can't really comment on the rest of the place ... I go in, get my sweat on, and go home!  You should too!
4	Lots of equipment. Super cheap memberships- and the trainers/staff don't bother you at all, which is nice. I can fiddle around with a weight machine like an idiot for 5 minutes without anyone giving me dirty looks- which is awesome. Even at peak hours this location still isn't too crazy! Lots of open machines. My only complaint are the lame-o's that just want to post on a piece of equipment for like 15 minutes. You do not need that much time to cool down from your reps! GTFO!
1	Beware of any contract you sign.  Make sure it is your signature and your initials and check that the correct time frame is listed.  A staff member of this club initialled a 12 month contract for training for me and I got stuck with the bill!  When that bozo was fired, the new manager understood and put notes in the file that there was fraud and that I was willing to give the training a shot.  Now, there is a new manager and he is not honoring the previous manager's notes!  Bunch of kids looking to make money only.  Skip this joke of a gym and join a real powerhouse like Gold's or Independence Gym
1	Don't bother. If you see my other reviews I only try to leave positive feedback and deal with companies directly when I have a bad experience... Like many people, I was drawn to the low monthly fees and relatively new facility. When I signed up it was just: Sign here, initial here, date here ect. I WISH I HAD READ THE FINE PRINT. They don't tell you about an annual maintenance fee or they will raise the rates on you. (My mistake for not reading fine print). But what really ticked me off is the charge you to cancel. I moved to another state and when I tried to cancel on the phone, they told I needed to have a certified letter sent or they wouldn't let me cancel. Who has time to go to the post office to cancel a $15/month membership?? Just ridiculous. You know that saying, "you get what you pay for?" - Well I recommend spending a bit more money and finding a gym that will work with you and not try to steal every last dollar from their customers.I hope this review deters anyone considering this shady business.
1	Stuck with a gym that stinks in all aspects. From Fine Print, Equipment to Fees. I am happy to say, I only owe two more months aka $40.00 and one more walk in to sign my cancellation.   Then I will finally be done with these dirty gyms.
2	I agree with a lot of these reviews.  The equipment is nice and clean and the facility is brand new BUT, definitely don't try to do any out-of-the-box workouts or get creative with the weights, you will be promptly asked to stop.  This is the opposite of Golds when it comes to working out how you want to.  Other than this I don't have a lot of negatives to mention about the facility.The admin side of the place is a typical gym, not very friendly (I don't blame these employees making minimum wage, I'd be a dick too if I couldn't make my rent while working full time.  You get back what you pay your employees).  The contract is bullshit and there are so many hidden fees and loopholes to screw you out of money the initial low monthly price will be made up for in cancellation fees, late fees, and your dues go up by $5/ mo. on your second year anyway.  God help you if you try and cancel!  They make it as inconvenient as possible to cancel so you'll just give up trying.  LA Fitness does the same thing and that's why I left there but apparently looking at these other reviews YouFit does the same thing.  Can't wait for that fight.If you have the option DO NOT sign the contract, go month to month if it's still an option.  The additional cost is well worth it in the long run.
3	Lets get the facts straight with this place. It's cheap, it's new, It's nice, and it's generally for your average Joe off the street person. There are some people here that are pretty serious with their workouts, but there really is not any great machinery to get every little muscle you want/need. Dumbbells only go up to 90 and no squat racks(only smith machines). There are a lot of people here that wear gloves and workout with the worst form imaginably which really got annoying(or as I like to call it, too many people 'Ego Lifting'). If you just want a cheap gym to get your average quality workout in an average environment, this might be your gym. Just wasn't a good fit for me.
1	I went to youfit because 10$ a month is do able but when I first came here I was told by a rep of you fit by the name BAXTER,  that if I pay 20 dollars a month I could bring a friend and it was just as good as the 10$ a month but I bring a friend, I asked if their was any fees for canceling, Baxter said no. I finished  doing all appropriate paperwork and payment. After my work out I'm walking out and Baxter goes yeah their is a cancelation fee. Needless to say I'm 20 and Baxter attitude towards me was one of a older brother that talks down to  his younger brothers. I also asked him if I could use bands to stretch and Baxter goes "it's the trainers, so no.". I'm a competitive  baseball player and I can say this is not the place for athletes. My experience with you fit has been bad, they will send lawyers after you for payment.  GO TO 24 HOUR FITNESS, THAT IS A CUSTOMER SERVICE MINDED PLACE. NO HIDDING FEES.
1	I cancelled my membership in June, and had signed up for six months of training which also ended in june. July comes along and I am charged for the training that the contract has ended for. I sent an email letting them know about this and was told i would be refunded. Well, i got another charge for august for the training. The contract i signed was six months ending in june. I never signed onto another contract allowing them to take more payments out of my accounts. I was also never refunded the first go around.
4	Been a member for almost 3 months now and I only have one complaint...why are there four Smith machines and only 1 squat rack? There's more than enough of every machine but only one squat rack when there's plenty of room to add another?! Luckily I haven't spent much time waiting because the gym is never busy when I go which is actually one of the qualities I look for most when choosing a gym. The music can be pretty lame for getting a pump going at times but I understand that the majority of the clientele enjoys it and it's nothing headphones can't fix. Staff are friendly, machines are clean, and overall it's a more than decent place to work out.
2	I gave this gym two stars because there are really only two good things that I benefit from here. The low monthly fee of $10 (for the first year anyway) and that it's really only 5 minutes away from my house. Other than that...the employees are really Ho hum and not the most welcoming. I don't care if you're only making minimum wage or $100,000 a year, you should always treat your job with a positive attitude and if you don't like it...change or leave. Most of the time I see them gossiping at the desk as if they're picking apart everybody that comes in. Oh...and make sure you don't carry a small gym back pack, even though I was told I could when I signed up, because apparently when you put it in the hooks on the machines that were designed for it... it's a "tripping hazard".  Hmmm... You'll be asked to not bring or carry it.  I'll stay till the first of the year comes around and I can get a good deal from 24 hour fitness. The employees there are always happy.
3	My boyfriend belongs to this gym and we go together every time so we pretty much got a buy one get one deal on the membership so I can't complain about the price. It is annoying to have to show my ID and sign in every time though. It does get super busy sometimes but we try to go during non high peak hours and it's not bad then. It has pretty much everything you would need, they have added some machines recently as well. The staff is not very friendly, not that I really care though, I am not there to chit chat. The one thing that really bothers me though is that their treadmills always skip. You'll be walking/running on it and pretty much trip every minute or two  because they need to be maintenanced. I told the gym manager and he really didn't care, and went back to talking to a prospective customer and did nothing. I think almost every treadmill here has that problem.
1	Buyer beware!!  I signed up when the gym was advertising "No Cancelation Fees" and "No Commitments".  Today I went in to cancel my membership and found out that none of that was in my agreement.  I also found out that they charge a $10 fee to process the cancelation.  On top of that, they say it takes a full 30 days to process the cancelation, which means that you owe at least one additional month worth of gym fees.  They also require you to come in to the building to cancel, you can do everything online except cancel. Beware, they will say anything to get you in the door but everything is not as it seems.  Read your agreements and beware when you want to cancel. I would avoid this gym.
3	Cant beat the price, clean,  little to no waiting time for equipment, however they need some group fitness or yoga classes offered
4	Have been a member of la fitness for quite some time now and then a flyer arrives in our mailbox from youfit. For only a flat fee of 115 bucks, I get a year membership. Way cheaper than my la fitness. And considering I don't take the classes or use the racquetball or basketball courts or the pool, I figured it might be worth checking out.Youfit is only weights and cardio. No classes. They have essentially everything I use at la fitness but cheaper. Youfits cardio equipment is a huge upgrade. They have a smaller locker room, don't open until 5am (I usually get started at 4:30am). Otherwise, I've been pleased with my first two visits there. Mornings are slow so I don't have to compete for equipment. And it lacks the combat boot wearing sleeveless hoodie skull cap wearing weight slamming muscle heads.
