5	I love this store.  The staff was extremely friendly, and the clothing was impeccable.  They claim to be the only luxury Chinese brand: "the apogee of the Chinese Art of Living and Chinese Creativity."  As I have yet to visit China, I'm not sure, but it seems like it.My only problem was that the clothes were too big for me.  When I first walked in, I immediately thought of the perfect sized clothing for me, but I was mistaken.  Their small would have engulfed me.  I almost felt like I was shopping at Lucky for a little while.  When the guy told me to try it on, it should fit, I couldn't help but hold it up in front of me and look at him like he was on hallucinogens.  Alas...I know when I visit other cities with their stores, I'm definitely going to hit them up.  Check it out and see what you think.
4	This place offers up hip Chinese goods with a fresh spin.  The merchandise is cool, especially the cuff links and the wine accessories.  It's worth checking out on your next trip to Las Vegas.  The clothes may be a bit limited in their wearability given their pronounced Asian styling.  The store manager also seemed very eager to make a sale.
4	i thought i was never going to step into a shanghai tang after my trip to china.  luckily, they opened the vegas store.  the variety of clothes are awesome.  they bring a chinese style to modern and hip clothing.  my favorite items are the mandarin collar polos.  they bring a young attitude to any look.
1	Extremely pricey for clothing of only moderate quality.  I'd been shopping around the high-end stores all day - Chanel, Prada, Louis Vuitton, etc. - the prices were in the same range, but quality was sub-par. Accessory pricing was laughable - key chains (enameled iron or brass, looked like something from a cheap vegas gift shop) were $96.00. The thin, cardboard-y belts were $350.00.I'm not fat by any stretch of the imagination - measurements 34 - 25 - 36" - I'm petite and usually wear a dress size 2/4 - size small. However, the size small belt couldn't even close around my waist. I know these are chinese sizes, but that really made me feel horrible. I was afraid to try on any of the clothing out of fear of the sizing woes.Pros -  The styling of garments - the mix of asian and sporty/contemporary drew me into the shop.
