4	Quite a few Chinese places have sprung up around Ayrsley recently, but Royal Panda has been there longer than any of them.  The decor is dated, but they have a great lunch buffet (as long as you like chicken!).  The buffet selection may not be as vast as other places, and the dishes aren't as exotic, but everything they offer tastes like it's their specialty.  I'm particularly fond of the Spicy Bourbon Chicken and the General Tso's Chicken.  The fried rice is notably good, too.  And it's cheap!
4	We lived in Ayrsley and Royal Panda along with Dragon Buffet were the best.  Everything they did tasted wonderful and sweet/sour but delicious spices!  They also have buffet take out and after 4 pm would lower the rate for the remains of the day buffet.  RP doesn't deliver to Quail Hollow, but I still will drive to get the good food.  I just hope Lotus II will be comparable.  Cherry House has let me down and sometimes tastes like old, dry, callous epidermis...  Sorry CH, but I love RP and DP so far.  KGS
3	Had lunch here a few weekends ago. Ordered the Chicken and shrimp with broccoli lunch combo and an order of fried Chicken wings. The Chicken wings were good. They weren't the best I've ever had but it was well marinated and fresh. The sauce on the chicken and shrimp with broccoli was decent.
4	It tastes pretty decent for your average Chinese takeout.  I was going to give it 3 stars because the delivery took an hour when my estimated delivery time was for 35 minutes. However, the serving sizes are very large for the very affordable prices! Not to mention the large soup size for only $1.50! For a family of 6 we ordered 4 soups and 4 entrees with plenty of food leftover, thus earning it another star.
3	Standard Chinese food for a low price.
1	Ordered delivery; was told 35 minutes by person that took order. Food finally showed up 1:20 minutes later. Poor service and mediocre food. Won ton soup waaaay too salty, chicken fried rice and crab wontons passable. No return business from me.
