5	Dr Stewart and her staff were wonderful with my 14 yr old shih tzu who went in for his first teeth cleaning and then 5 extractions!  Their professionalism and friendly staff put me at ease for this procedure and my little guy did great!!  From the super clean facility to the compassion from everyone I knew that he was in good hands.  Thank you again for putting my worries at ease and giving me more healthy years with our beloved KC!!!
5	Dr. Millman and her staff have been caring for my dogs for over 13 years now.  I have always found everyone at the practice to be kind, caring and considerate.  Dr. Millman and the other vets are highly competent and compassionate.  Would  recommend this veterinary practice without reservation.
5	The staff is awesome, they are always so happy and passionate about what they do. Dr. Stewart is amazing, she takes such good care of our little Elphaba. We would highly recommend them to all of our family and Friends. Thank you for all you do for us.
5	Very clean and professional facility. The staff is very friendly and they were very accommodating to my circumstances. The doctor was so nice and down to earth. I had already done a lot of research and she didn't try to do a bunch of unnecessary tests or prescriptions. They gave me a very realistic and affordable health plan for my pet. They also gave me a cute gift bag for my first visit. I liked everything about this place and especially the genuineness.
5	What a nice place! I had to get kitty's claws trimmed because she's a fiesta little diva and would claw my face off if I tried to do it. So I went on Yelp to find the phone number of this place. Then I noticed the free nail trim ad at the top so when I called I mentioned that and although they didn't really know what I was referring to, they said they would honor it. So I brought her in later that day got her all registered. The staff was very nice and have us a kitty gift bag. (There was a blue mouse toy in it which has become her favorite. I even sewed the tail back on when she ripped it off because she was meowing at me about it missing.) I'm very pleased to have found this place so close to home and the little princess and I will be returning later in the summer for her annual check up.
5	Best vets in town! Great and caring staff and docs. I wouldn't go anywhere else and highly recommend!
1	Please be warned! This place wants your money! I brought my dog in after he after he ate a poisonous plant. It was fifteen minutes before they closed. The vet, older women, had a horrible bedside manner. My baby was throwing up blood. She told me they were closing soon, and after checking his heart rate and gums, charged me 40dollars are told me to go to an emergency animal clinic. I will be sure to tell everyone in the area and neighbors to stay away!
5	My family has been going to Animal Clinic del Rancho for FOREVER for the health needs of four family dogs over the years. They have  helped us with everything from new puppy check-ups to end-of-life for our elderly German Shepherd. From shelter adoption check-ups to hip and knee pain to tummy trouble.Whenever I'm waiting on a test to come back. Dr. Stewart calls personally to discuss the results. She even calls for follow ups later to make sure everything's still okay. I wish my doctor was that great. :) I have recently moved to East Mesa, about a 30-40 minute drive to this vet's office. I STILL bring my dog here.  My parents took our family dogs here growing up and now I take my dog there too. Wouldn't consider anywhere else (unless it's an after-hours emergency, of course).
5	My dogs both see Dr. Stewart here and I have always been very happy with the clinic.  They really seem to care about the pets and I've received accurate and compassionate advice.  Dr. Stewart has been honest with me about the risks and benefits of procedures for my older girl who has a heart murmur, and has never tried to push me into something to make more money.  My dogs actually start wagging when we drive by and don't mind going to the vet at all!  I would definitely recommend this clinic.
