4	Nice spot to stop in for a pedicure, located right next door to Target. I've never needed to make an appointment, but generally only go for pedicures and a simple manicure- I see a lot of people there for artificial nails so it may be best to call ahead. It can be busy on weekends, but there are plenty of stations so you can at least relax with a magazine while waiting your turn. This salon is a step above a lot of small strip mall locations (based on cleanliness, atmosphere, and service quality), but not as upscale as a spa. Prices are in line with the former. :) I really like that the pedicure stations are in the back half of the salon- it's much more quiet and a bit less bright. As soon as you come in, you'll be seated and given a bottle of water. If it's busy, you get to sit in the massage chairs/spa footbath for a little bit until someone is available. As with most nail salons, there are tons and tons and tons of magazines to read, assuming you don't have a smartphone yet!You're given a menu with different packages to choose between- I like being able to see all the prices and add-ons up front. You do get a discount if you get a manicure with a pedicure! I'm not sure if it's listed but french tips are $5 and nail art is an additional $5. I've had many different techs here and have always had good experiences. If you get the callus removal they tend to be extremely thorough, I love having soft feet afterwards! The nail art here is my favorite, as the designs are usually more unique and complex than a lot of the other places i've visited. I get manicures about half the times I go, but thinking about it i'll probably start doing this more often. I've noticed it takes several more days for my nails to start chipping when I get my nails done here as opposed to other salons in this price range.
4	Went in for a pedicure and was treated well.  Made sure that I got a massage chair and provided me with a bottle of water and magazines. Friendly and thorough. I will be back.
5	Stopped in without an appointment for a manicure and was taken back right away. I like the shop; lots of friendly employees who aren't yelling a foreign language to one another while you're trying to relax. In fact, I found that all of the employees spoke articulate English! It was easy to converse and communicate what I wanted. Very refreshing. The prices are less than what I was paying at another salon. I will be returning there often! Looking forward to my first pedicure where the stations are in back of a pony wall and screened from the public's view. Also found the facilities to be spotless.
4	Just moved to the area , found this place, WOW !! They are awesome! Vencent is the best! He did everything that my nails lady back in Dallas used to do for me. The techniques and everything just did it for me. It is hard to find someone that would do a good job on your nails. Especially when I work in the customer service field, having great looking nails is always a plus. I have gotten so many complements from everyone around me. Angel Touch Nails also give a great customer service, meaning, they offer their customers the bottles of water while waitng. They say hello to you with a smile. They make you feel very welcome.I will definitely going back!
3	The owners a a bit snarky, but you can't beat the location.
5	I used to get my eyebrows done at madison ave until one time i needed them done asap for an event and they were booked. I quickly decided to run here just this once to get my eyebrows done & i ended up loving it. I now go every 2-3 weeks! they are very kind and do an excellent job! plus you cant beat the price ($10)!!!
4	**Please Note--This location has MOVED. They are now located at 4206 E Chandler Blvd.  This is between Secreto and C.K.s**Also, if you don't read anything else from this review, the bottom line is: I loved everything about my experience (service, skill, PRICE, atmosphere, & personality!)----------------------------------------------------------------------------------So, after finally finding their new location I wondered in for a gel manicure, hoping that I would have a good experience considering I had not been to this location before. From what i remember of their old location (by Target) it wasn't very appealing. Their new spot is gorgeous, is well laid out and is extremely inviting!I also had the pleasure of getting to interact with a lot of their staff, as I was in there as soon as they opened, and their personalities alone would keep me coming back. I mean lets be honest ladies (and gentlemen), what nail salon do you go to where you can have a full-on enjoyable conversation with your nail tech? They spoke TO me, and not ABOUT me to other staff members haha. Anyway...their work was nothing short of a delight as well. I had the fastest, most proficient gel manicure ever. They don't mess around there haha. I was so impressed with their service that I decided to book appointments for myself and a few others for my upcoming wedding.At the very least, give this place a try. I surely hope you all have the same fantastic experience I did :)
4	Consistently great service.  Clean and orderly.  Have been going to this location for over a year on a monthly to bi-weekly basis and had to wait once.
2	Let me preface this by saying I am a freak about cleanliness when it comes to nail salons. I recently moved here from Seattle where I went to the "natural" nail salon, Julep so my standards are pretty high. I chose this one based on being voted Ahwatukee's favorite nail salon. I walked in and was greeted promptly. I was told to pick out my color but they didn't the color I wanted...surprising. I felt a little rushed by the guy at the front and then when I settled on a color he grabbed my Starbucks cup himself to take it to the station - it had a straw sticking out and he grabbed it by the top. I was immediately taken aback....I'll take my own drink thank you very much. The manicure was good enough...the tech wasn't very friendly, in fact he seemed annoyed they whole time. I did not see where the instruments came from, they were not in a bag, but just sitting there.....therefore I cannot tell if they had been sterilized. The station was a little dirty, not washed down from the previous client and when I went to dry my nails, where you place your hands under the light was in desperate need of a good wiping down, you could literally see crud stuck onto it from other's before me. Ewwww. The manicure was really nice but based on my experience I won't be returning here.
5	This salon has moved to chandler blvd- right by the Pet Club.I have been here twice now and I have had the best pedi ever! Cindy has helped me both times and she is amazing! They are so sweet- polite and very professional. The salon and chairs are very clean and the ambiance is relaxing. Cindy turned on the massage chair, brought me a fresh, cold water and a pillow! The pedi itself was about 45 mins long and Cindy takes her time! My feet looked and felt amazing! Their prices are reasonable- especially considering the time Cindy took on me.
4	Had a great experience with my nails which doesn't happen often.  I LOVED my gel manicure and got many compliments on them.  I wish I lived closer!  Didn't quite get 5 stars because they didn't do a great paint job on my daughter's nails and she was upset about it.  She's only three but I've been elsewhere where they've taken good care of her and made sure her nails were perfectly painted to a 3 year old's liking.
2	Angel Touch Nails is nowhere near my house but I came with my sister, who had a gift certificate, to get our nails done together. On a Saturday, there were maybe 5 people there. Also, there was no AC just a couple fans blowing around so it was really warm inside. They do give you a bottle of water so that helps cool you off a little. Somehow, I waited 10-15 minutes for someone to do my pedicure after my sisters had already started. My pedicure was very nice (hot stone) but she did not properly clip my nails. My manicure was the biggest disappointment, it started chipping after 1 day! She also made me bleed, which is never a good sign. I paid $64 (with tip) for a good pedicure and a horrible manicure. I would not return.
5	This is new location! New owner as well which is a better things! They r gonna upgrade more stuff like they say! But honestly the service is excellent! I got pedicure and gel manicure the other day! They have several types of pedicure, I pick the signature one which the bestest ever which is included hot stone,paraffin,sugar scrub,callus remove and cooling gel! I was totally relaxing! The gel mani is so pretty with design on it plus very durable as I touch it! I can feel the different! They have big collection of colors and glitters as well! This place is just amazing! Definitely come back!
