4	This fairly new establishment has sprouted in various locations on the strip.  Aside from the usual gourmet jelly beans, chocolate, and other candies, they also have a mini bar where you can order dessert cocktails.  I believe one of the other locations is actually a full bar/club.  Our son who has a very big sweet tooth saw the candy display and made a run into the store.  $16.98/pound for candy in a duck bag, $3 for Unicorn lollipop.  The cupcakes looked good but there were no prices and were pretty small so we opted out.  Service was cheerful.  Very convenient if you are just out to buy sweets and do not have time to run into the area drugstores.
4	Stopped in to grab something to bring home to the little one on my way out of town. I can never come home empty handed. The lady who helped me was very nice and helpful. Five stars for her. I got a t-shirt and a lollipop. I had no idea that the lollipop was $25 until I had already bought it. Pretty fancy lollipop, but damn!!! $25? Oh well, I guess I should have paid more attention. The lollipop might not be worth it, but my little girl is.
2	The food was so blah. So what if they offer a huge 42 oz root beer float. It costs $22 and is just a rootbeer float.
3	Meh. Sugar is sugar and you can get that anywhere. This place is a pretty nice set up, but you're crazy if you spend $14/oz for candy. That's insane!! It's a friendly atmosphere and that's about it. The girls at the door give you a candy sample. That's your best bet for a decent bite of candy from this store without spending a tank of gas money for some bites of candy
4	I'm a sucker for souvenir cups, so I had to get this sugar factory fishbowl! It was bout $40 bucks, but the drink got me tipsy so I think it was worth it. I got the Lollipop Passion which had a beautiful presentation, although it wasnt smoking like Ive seen in some other pictures, still cool. I would want to try the other drinks, they all looked festive and fun!
4	Have always had the be at experience here while in Vegas. The dinner menu has a lot of options. I like the decor and intimate lighting. Huge Candy cocktail was deliciousness! Best to make reservations here. Weekend nights they have a dj and play a good mix!
4	I LOVE THIS PLACE! I walked in with my VIP love and she was promptly greeted by the girls who work there, they had this awesome lipstick all patterned in different things, ones girls lipstick had a pink cheetah pattern and the others looked like they were sprinkled with tiny candies! It's like Willy Wonka's factory, but better! The colors are bright, the candy is live! The BEST coffee around, it's ILY coffee maybe it's the barista who worked her magic. The staff is friendly, this place is colorful!  If you go to the Sugar Factory candy bar inside the mall (there is a store inside the mall and one on the outside before you enter the mall), you can get really great drinks!!P.S This is how you must order your coffee:Med size 3 pumps of caramel sauce-not syrup 2 pkts of sugar=1scoop oh and a little  WHOLE MILK I don't know what any of that means all I know is that's how it was ordered by my coffee expert & that's how it taste BEST!
5	My wife and I stopped to grab some cookies after dinner. The manager informed us that they cookies were not fresh and actually gave them to us for free. That made our day. They really stand behind their desserts. We will continue to patronize this location. The staff is very friendly.
2	After walking by here several times I really wanted to have one of those amazing looking milkshakes.  I got the fluffer nutter, because I love peanut butter and chocolate together.  I watched the lady make the milkshake.  I saw her pull out the gallon of D milk and I thought "great, this is super fattening."  I saw her pull out the jar of Skippy peanut butter and I thouht "great, this is something I could have made at home."  It came in a plastic cup that looked smaller than the pictures and there were no Reese's Peanut Butter Cup bits on the top like in the picture.  I didn't say anyting but I was pretty disappointed it did not live up to the picture and description for a $9 milkshake.
3	Came here to get a milkshake for my craving, with this intense heat...and have to admit, they sure know their marketing well here, the colours, layout, presentation, it's top class.except for their staff's knowledge; i asked if their chocolate milkshakes were with chocolate sauce mixed with vanilla ice cream--my biggest paranoia to a milkshake connossieur--she said she'll 'go back and check'.  Needless to say, I just stuck with the candies lol.Great selection too.Still don't know the deal with these yellow plastic duckies on top of their candy machines.
1	So my kids and I were having a lovely day shopping at miracle mile when they decided they wanted something from sugar factory. We sat down at the tables outside the bar but before I could send them inside with money to spend or buy a drink for myself, a bartender came out and rudely told us if we weren't buying anything at the bar we would have to leave! The tables are for paying customers only. I told him I was planning on buying both a drink for me and candy for them however now that we were talked to like that we would be leaving! I will spend my money elsewhere with good customer service instead! Will NEVER come back to this location!
4	The food is good this is a huge tourist destinations prices are pretty good as well desserts are incredible and the old school candy that they sell in the candy shop is phenomenal stop by and get some
4	I only tried two things, but I loved them both!  I (reluctantly) shared the Passion Punch goblet.  Yes it was $36, but it was delicious and it packs a pretty good punch!  Besides, it's just fun to get a huge, gorgeous, and dry ice foaming drink delivered in front of you.  I just wanted a little something to snack on and our fabulous server recommended the Crispy Broccolini, which was so good we ordered another plate of it.
5	Awesome atmosphere,  great food, fun place to go. I love it here. Must go when visiting Las Vegas. Kid friendly also. One of the best i've visited so far
4	This place was very interesting... Quite a good selection of sugary rush/ candies to choose from. The shop is very attractive and colourful and thats what gets to you go in and then you buy stuff.They also have icecream cream and lot of flavours to choose from which is great. I really liked there icecream. The scoops are nice size and they dont go cheap on it. The staff was awesome and friendly.
