5	I've lived in the valley for 15 plus years and can't believe I hadn't been here before. I hit it up Saturday around noon to find it quite slow. This worried me a bit because most other places (Matt's Big Breakfast for example) are still jumping. However, we were in between crowds. I ordered the green chile & eggs breakfast. It was awesome. I heard a guest ask if they had menudo, and they did. My guest and I, both suffering from mild hangovers, knew that menudo was just what we needed. We split a bowl between us, to which our server brought us a second bowl and extra condiments. (Thanks!!)I'm spoiled by my Grandmother who makes homemade menudo, so my expectations are kind of high. I was thrilled that La Canasta had their act together and served up an excellent bowl or red menudo. I now have a place to bring friends & family for a really good Mexican breakfast. I look forward to checking them out for lunch & dinner entrees too.http://farm4.static.flickr.com/3068/3107975444_4907cb63ae_m.jpg
5	Great Mexican food!  We will drive from N. Scottsdale just to eat here!  Lunch time is packed with many Police Officers, they know where to get the good food!  This is also where Richard of Richard's LaCanasta is located and usually there until lunch time, so even though they closed his store at 19Ave & Dunlap - Richard is alive and well and still has the best LaCanasta!
3	I dropped in here for lunch a little after 11 & this mid-sized place was already almost full of lively customers!  After getting situated in a comfortable booth, I was brought a basket of chips & excellent salsa!I ordered the #1 Lunch Combo, which arrived in good time, & in my case consisted of a hard-shell peccadillo beef taco, a beef tamale, & a tostada.  The food was good, particularly the tamale, & my only complaint about the place is that I'm not crazy about the menu combination choices they have.  (I would have liked a combo with a Chile Relleno & something else, but the "something else" would have been an expensive ala carte item.)The service was friendly, & the price for my meal very reasonable at $5.50.  No wonder they're busy!    :-)
4	Great chip bar.  I like the tamales also.  Get there early it is a busy place about noon.
5	OMG...WOW.  Finally got over here from Carefree. The salsa was flavorful and the Carnitas and the Chimi were great!  My only regret is that I waited this long to find a great Mexican restaurant.Service was great.  Fried Ice cream was hard and crunchy.Cant wait until I am back in that area.
4	Very solid Mexican. The fiesta nachos are the go to here. Red and green chile, machaca and beans over fried flour chips. Good times. Place is a little aged, but that's part if the charm right? Pretty inexpensive and a good start to a night downtown if you want to save a few bucks.
5	The best.  In a town of Mexican restaurants this is the best.
5	This is by far my favorite Mexican restaurant in Phoenix. Actually, the world. Yes, the neighborhood is crazy by some people's accounts, but I guarantee the food makes up for it! The green chile here is awesome. Best breakfast in town, the Nana's Special rules!We had our wedding catered by La Canasta. The food was awesome and the service was impeccable! Richard is the best!
5	I love this place! Nana's special for breakfast, and green Chile burro for lunch.
5	Authentic Mexican food doesn't get better than this. The beans are delicious, service is prompt and the hot sauce in the ketchup bottle is what I fantasize about when I wake up on a weekend morning. I usually get the Nana's Special nearly every time we're there for breakfast. Green or red chile, it's all great. It's consistently yummy and warm chips will keep you content until your order is up. Lately I've been ordering the #3 Red Burrito lunch special with rice and beans for $6 and change. The Red chile reminds me of being a little kid at a school fiesta. Mmmm.The only downside is that we miss Manuel, our favorite waiter, who moved away! He memorized our orders exactly and had the best personality. But the rest of the staff are pretty damn good too though.When we were married a couple of weeks ago, last minute we decided to change the menu and so we called La Canasta to get a quote for dinner for 80 people. When I say last minute I mean 3 days notice. We got a great price, excellent customer service from Richard, and a ton of compliments from all of our guests. Seriously, when was the last time you heard about people liking wedding food?
5	This was my number one craving during my pregnancy. I LOVE THE RED BURRO COMBO!!! We've been going here for years and will continue to go. Yeah the location isn't the best but so what. The service is super fast, before you eat half of the chips your food is done. Great prices and wonderful staff!
5	Sometimes long winded explanations as to why places are great can grate on you...haha "great...grate" *ahem*at any rate there is only one thing I can say about La Canasta, and I will stand by this conviction until proven wrong:"BEST MEXICAN RESTAURANT IN THE VALLEY"go ahead and prove me wrong.
5	We had a half day off in downtown Phoenix and I decided that I would forego all of the close options and mind Mexican.  We have been on the East Coast for about 6 weeks and I need to get my fill. Off to Yelp I go and found La Canasta.  Exactly what I am looking for.  A 1.5 mile walk later and I am at the front door.  Uh-oh.  What does that hand-written sign say?  Close at 8:00 PM.  Out comes the phone.  Exactly 8:00 PM.  I enter anyways.  They ask if I want food to go.  I said I would rather eat in.  No problem.  Grab a seat.  You just need to pay first.  No problem. They took me in with no one else in the restaurant.  I quickly ordered and quickly had my food.  Most of it was too hot (temperature) to eat.  That is a good thing. I went simple with a chicken taco and cheese enchilada.  The cook came out after 5 minutes and asked me if it was all good.  He encouraged me to use the salsa in the bottle as it was great.  It was. Chips and salsa were super great.  Warm, light chips and 2 great salsas. Iced Tea was alright.  Passable.  Not best ever, but good enough. Service was great seeing that they let me in after they were shutting down.  This seems to be a family owned place that has been around for awhile.  Definitely worth the 3.0 mile walk in total.
3	Dropped in here for lunch a little after 11 & this mid-sized place was already almost full of lively customers!  After getting situated in a comfortable booth, I was brought a basket of chips & excellent salsa!My #1 Lunch Combo arrived in good time, & in this case consisted of a hard-shell peccadillo beef taco, a beef tamale, & a tostada.  The food was good, particularly the tamale, & my only complaint about the place is that I'm not crazy about the menu combination choices they have.  (I would have liked a combo with a Chile Relleno & something else, but the "something else" would have been an expensive ala carte item.)The service was friendly, & the price for my meal very reasonable at $5.50.  No wonder they're busy!    :-)
5	I always stop here. Love the friendly staff. Good place for family dinner, Or special date!
5	Stopped by for a quick lunch with my boss, neither of us had been before and we were both craving mexican. I was a little apprehensive, because it  has a little of the whole in the wall look to it, but I am usually happily surprised with the rougher looking establishments. I order the chicken chimichanga, which I believe is the yes way to judge a mexican restaurant.... it was probably one of the best I have ever had and if you know me, you know I LOVE mexican food. The service was great and there salsa was amazing.  I will definitely be going back!!
3	If you have an itchin for some mexican food and are close, this place will do the trick. We usually stop in on a sunday morning for some menudo, ask for extra corn as they usually load up the meat, get there early for breakfast because its not too big and not many places around so it gets busy fast....
5	Most honestly, one of the best Mexican restaurants in Arizona. Actually.. one of the best Mexican restaurants I have ever been to!! The whole meal was delicious, right down to the salsa. In fact, the entire meal was filled with "mmmm's and ahhhh's!" I was even kind of sad there wasn't one closer to Tempe, until our server informed us that the Burrito Shop on University is owned by the same people. Score!
1	Try try try again, Had to ask twice for ice tea. Then it tasted like it was yesterday's, you know that funk like the tea pot wasn't cleaned out the night before. 1.99 for watered down gross. Fish tacos, 2 for 5.99I opened them and they were loaded with lettuce and salsa. Oh and cheese was sprinkled in there. Looked for the fish, and oh there are some little tiny chunks mixed in. I taste it and no kidding it was yesterday's salsa because it didn't taste of the salsa on the table, it had that over night onion flavor left over thing going on. yuck. Guess they were going for the big taco look of something??  Wasn't fish!Maybe one piece of fish diced between the two. I looked! All I could think of was that i didn't have time to go else where or I would have got up and left. I have to say I expected more based on reviews. I wouldn't go back if someone offered to buy! FYI, the bus boy that blew me off, dropped cups because he couldn't quite get enough fingers down the tops of glasses to hold on. Food handlers card? MmmmmmMy waitress was nice++ once she found me.
5	This is where it ALL started!!! I know you have heard others but this is It...
1	I remember when LC opened their first place on 21st and Van Buren. The food was magical, the prices, even more so. Last week I stopped in for one of my old favorites, their green chile burrito.I was sadly disappointed.In an investigative effort to learn why I had yet to bite into a piece of meat, I surgically opened my burrito, spilling its contents out onto my plate.It was like the shark autopsy scene from Jaws sans the license plate. I wasn't expecting the little Kintner boy to come spilling out, but rather, hoping for a few pieces of meat to go along with the green chiles. I counted 4 pieces of meat.As I said, this was a huge letdown given my carnivore emeritus status and all. Three weeks ago, I visited their Missouri and 7th location for a bowl of Menudo, since they've always made it better than most.It was a huge letdown as well. Overpriced and with more hominy than tripe, the service was poor too.Other than buying their LaCanasta tortilla chips at our local grocers, I won't be going back anytime soon.
5	There are many places in the valley and its surrounding cities to eat Mexican food; however, there is one and only La Canasta.In the last two years the boyfriend and I have eaten at this restaurant location quite often. For the money, you get exactly what you pay for: a decent meal and generous portions.The chips and salsa are ever-flowing and the salsa is some of the best I've tasted.The wait staff are generally pleasant, attentive and very accommodating. Plus they frequently recall what you had during your previous visits. I recommend you try the Machaca dinner or my boyfriend's favorite dish, the number 5 lunch special.There are multiple locations in the valley, but this one beats them all hands down.
4	Very fast and great service! The prices are very good for the amount of food you recieve. I usually go here on my 1/2 hour lunch and always make it back in time!
5	Yes, yes, and yes! You know the famous orgasm scene from When Harry Met Sally? That is me eating a La Canasta Chimichanga. I don't know what else there is to tell you people ... other than I am going to gain weight now that I have discovered this place. I don't care. I will be fat for you La Canasta. I just can't quit you!!! I love you!!! Marry me, enchilada sauce.
4	Good food for many years! Been going there since i was a kid when my grandmother used to work there making tortillas. My grandparents still have a lot in that neighborhood. I remember chips and salsa being a couple bucks compared to now chips a few bucks and five buck hot sauce. If in need, i stop at a local frys and pick up My nanas Chips and My nanas Hot Sauce same good taste and a couple bucks cheaper. Red chile has been my fav forever the workmans special to be exact. Prices are up but to keep this place alive its well worth it!
1	I will never eat here again, the service was poor and there was a piece of cardboard cooked in my chimi. I got my meal for free, but I didn't eat any of it anyway, so what was the point of the comp?
5	Listen up follow Mexican food eaters!!!!If your looking for some really great Mexican food in this valley. This is the place to go, especially for "Real Ground Beef Enchiladas". The Service:I would say very good friendly and sociable and always comes to check on ya.The Food: WOWZERSThe food is amazing. I've been in Arizona for roughly a year or more and this place is hands down the best. I ordered a special that had a tamale and cheese enchilada with rice and beans. I upgraded my cheese enchilada to beef for a $1.00 more which is nothing. Now the tasting, the rice....how do I say this....ohhhh eeem geee....haha. Super amazing by itself, I can probably eat the rice by itself for an entire plate and be simply satisfied. They do start you off with salsa that is chunky and they have one in a ketchup bottle that is super amazing. I have no idea whats in it, but wow its good. Anyways, back to the food. The tamale was ok, but the enchilada was to die for. I had the red sauce and man oh man when I found out it was ground beef....I thought I was in Texas again. I had to slap myself out of it. The enchilada dinner here is by far the best. I think I'll try the fajitas next time around. Can't wait to get back in there.Thanks guys for having such great food. It's too bad your way out in phoenix or else I'd be a for sure regular in the east valley.
3	Solid Mexican in a seedy part of town.  It's a shame that Carolina's is so close otherwise I might drop by here more often.
1	I work close by so go for occasional lunch. Lunch special price is good. The service can be hit or miss depending on your server. Food is good. But this week we were totally ignored by our waiter. My buddy complained to the manager (excuse us for being thirsty and wanting more tea) and got yelled at in return. I'm not making this up. Manager got super defensive and yelled at him. This is now the second friend of mine who has now declared to never return to this La Canasta location. Coincidentally, they are both named "James". Maybe La Canasta doesn't like guys named James. This last episode may be it for me too. I'm super easy to please with service personnel, but the manager's response was ridiculous, no way to treat customers.
5	Wow what can I say!  I have going to the 18th ave location for years, but this was my 1st venture to this one, and I am glad we went.  It was lunch, 11:45am and the place was PACKED!  We were seated quickly and orders taken.  The server was friendly and efficient.   The chips were warm and tasty, the salsa was great.  I had a cheese enchilada and a mole-covered tamale and it was incredible... all for about $8.   I was ready to bust I was so full and will go back any time.
4	First, let me say the service at this restaurant is some of the best I have ever come across - prompt seating, prompt drink ordering and delivery to the table, fresh chips and salsa.  Coupled with their great service are some really delicious Mexican food recipes using fresh ingredients.  Try the cheese enchiladas - fresh homemade sauce makes them great.  I'll be back!
5	At some point it becomes academic as you find yourself in a "Oh, my god, you HAVE GOT TO TRY THIS" pissing contest with your spouse over who ordered best. You want her envious. You want her to say those sweet sounding words, "I should have gotten what you ordered...what was I thinking" firmly putting you back on top in the who knows best department. At least when it comes to Mexican food.Sadly however, her meal is equally as good. You've got nothing.Fuck.The smug little smirk and shrug saying; "Yeah, well, I tried to tell ya" will have to wait for another day, another restaurant.Damn you LaCanasta for being so good.
4	Area: 1/5 Food: 5/5 Service: 4/5
3	Any place that has a huge sign that announces "no split checks" gets under my skin before I even sit down. This restaurant is walking distance from Downtown Phoenix, which means a large lunch crowd. If most are like me, I go to lunch with a group and I never have cash. Restaurants that are not willing to split checks usually move to my 'do  not visit again' list. The food is average, I have definitely had better in the area. However the lunch specials are very affordable and for the price, the food is not that bad. The staff was friendly and we received our food fairly quickly. The part that takes longest is paying the bill. Not only will they not split the check, they have one cashier that we all must walk up to and pay. If my arm is twisted, I may return but definitely will not be disappointed if I forget about this lunch spot.
4	You've got to try this one out.  Wish it were here in Tucson.  , but we do travel to Phoenix many times during the year.   It's always a treat to search out different restaurants and hope we find some winners along the way.  This one just hit the spot. Love family restaurants that have these enduring recipes that date back years and years.  Mama cooking at the stove feeding several kidlets some ethnic family dishes.  Then maybe one day some tells Mama to open up a restaurant and serve everyone, gringos, Mexicans, other ethnicities some of their best dishes.  I believe this is the place where it formed.  Not sure, but it makes a nice story.  Anyhow, it was tucked away in an area around downtown Phoenix.  On the outskirts.  Not a great neighborhood but that makes it even better.  I ordered the Chicken Chimichanga topped with lots of chunky guacamole, sour cream and cheese on top. On the side came the green Enchillada sauce.  It was the best I ever had.  Big chunks of very soft mild chillies were floating in the sauce.  Husband had the Chili  Relleno.  It was delectable and the batter was light and fluffy. Son had the grilled fish enchiladas which was also so good.  Our very lovely server was Brianna.  Not only was she efficient, she was adorable and had a super sense of humor.  We went about 1:30 PM on Saturday.  The place was packed.  P.S. the chips were great as well and the salsa.  Mild with huge chunks of tomatoes.  Will be back again when in Phoenix.
5	So as we landed at the phoenix airport, our yelp suggested this place. Authentic Mexican, awesome service and great food. I had the nanas special and it rocks
4	Some of the best Mexican food I've had (& my grandmas from Mexico.) The area's rundown so it looks sketchy but it was clean. We had about 4 servers/busers frequently asking us if we were ok. Great chips & salsa.
2	Stopped in here after refusing to wait for Guadalajara and Gallo blancos wait times on a labor day weekend. We tried this place after passing by it twice. What the hell why not. Got inside and the atmosphere was less than desirable, felt like I was at work in a warehouse with shitty ventilation. Chips and salsa arrived, half chips half crumbs, and the salsa appeared to be a bowl of canned stewed tomatos, which in my mind trying to figure out how to dip this chip into this thick salsa that looks like it's just chunks of tomato. So the entrees come and our waitress as serving us spills hot water off one of the plates on my girl, and doesn't come back with any towel or ice, while my girl believes it was accidental, I think waitress did it on purpose because my girl appears to be a snobby bitch all the time. (She can't help it, it's just the way she comes off)  so while enjoying our entrees, yup I said enjoying, it wasn't all bad food was okay except the enchiladas, the tortillas seemed stale like the plate was made 2 days ago and reheated just for me. The ticker was when were watching the game 2 angry roaches came out of no where fussing and arguing about who was gonna win the game, not bugging any one else while they did their debate (ha I said not bugging any one) my girl whose got a serious disgust and fear of roaches fled the restaurant and waited in the car on this 100+  degree that day. Cashier was curious about the situation and took care of us otherwise after explaining what happened. That would be my last time visiting, wondering what the roaches do while they aren't fighting over sports, probably using huge chunks of tomatos to float on in the thick salsa to keep cool while inside.
2	I ordered enchiladas and the tortillas were really cold. My server nicely offered to bring me another plate and I thought "perfect". When I received the second plate however, the food burned my mouth. I did not enjoy my food at all! It looked like they just brought it out of the freezer and put it in the microwave. The location is super sketchy too.
4	I love this place for the breakfast burritos, but everything is on the menu is delicious. The food is authentic and the red sauce is perfect amounts of spicy. It's a good place for a great lunch with friends or grabbing some quick breakfast on the way to work.
2	Disappointed. I got the lunch special which is a good amount of food for the price. But the food wasnt worth it. It wasn't hot, barely even warm, the enchilada sauce was too thick, and I think they could try a little harder. I'm back to going to Rositas.
4	Me and My girlfriend like to go to different lil Mexican restaurants to try there Enchiladas and every time we are left with just a mediocre meal but we thought we will give this establishment a try and The Enchiladas were amazing by far the best I have tasted in Phoenix it had all these flavors like I said AMAZING !!! And the rice was phenomenal! The service was alright kinda felt they didn't enjoy there jobs and didn't want to be there but other than that AMAZING!!!!! I Recommend p.s. Don't sweat the location just lock your doors and go inside lol
4	Whenever I want mexican food I can't help but always think of this place! My favorite place to get chorizo and eggs! The food is great and affordable.
1	This is the second time I called one day in advance to make an order to pick the following day at 8am. First time they even didn't have my name nor my order.... so I waited there for 30 minutes. Yesterday, I called again to pre order to pick up my order today at 8am (I gave them the benefit of the doubt).... This time they did exactly the same even though I told them what happened to me last time.Management not present and place is a total mess.No one is accountable for their actions.Will never visit this place again. They lost a customer and I will spread the word!!I even gave them my number for manager to call me and guess what!  They never did....
4	My girlfriend was recommended this place from a coworker...I only got a chicken burrito, it was really good! I will definitely come back soon!
5	This is my first time eating here. The place is great and the staff is welcoming. I had the Mothers breakfast special and I was amazed by the quality. This dish was flavorful and hearty. This is one of the best breakfast to have here.
4	Good food for a really good price. My coworkers and I went here for lunch this past Friday and really enjoyed it. The service was really nice and offered a lot of suggestions, our server was Enriquee, I recommend him. The food was pretty good, I got the shrimp burrito and was surprised at how good it actually was. Their lunch specials looked like a good deal, since you get a main course with sides. For q group of five of us it was only $37 so pricewise, it was a good deal.
4	The food here may not be the best or most authentic in the Valley but it is pretty good and fresh and, once you factor in the great prices, an excellent value!  The chips and salsa were fresh and tasted great.  I ordered the Steak Picado and it was really good!  The inside might have been a little run down, but the atmosphere was bright and cheery and the staff, though hurried, were very friendly.  The food came out hot and quick.  I definitely plan on going here again!
5	Stopped in at La Canasta for dinner on Tuesday night, the food was excellent and our waitress Stephanie was fabulous. Stephanie was working the hostess station and waiting on tables all while checking on us regularly. I had the carne asada combo, it was flavorful with the most authentic rice and beans I've ever had at a restaurant. My husband had the machaca combo which was equally delicious. Great place for Mexican food, I would highly recommend it.
1	Came from out of town and was craving good Mexican food, saw this place on yelp and had good reviews. Not sure how this place got so many good reviews. The salsa was terrible! A good Mexican restaurant should always start off with good homemade salsa and chips, apparently not this place :/ my ice tea was nasty, and my plate was a bit too salty. This place is not your authentic Mexican food. Service was prompt but that's about it. Should've had a burger instead else where.
1	I usually go to la Canasta Capitolio but yesterday my friend suggest we should try the other Canasta on 7th Ave. Bad idea, we got there first time ok, we did not know if you order at front it was only to go, if you want to eat there you have to seat. We order at the front and walk to the dinning area and then the manager comes all agited and mad at us because we order to go not to dine in if we really wanted to dine in we will have to pay him $3.00 at the moment, after all that we finally got our food Green Chili Chimichangas. Food taste ok but when we were almost done my friend found a RUBERBAND on her food.YUCK that was the end of it. We had to talk to the Manager again. Honestly if you can avoid that place better.
1	Authentic Mexican cuisine and a great tradition.  But no matter how great that is, I can't get pass the cleanliness factor.  Servers with headcolds coughing and hacking on the food as they carry it out to be served -- not cool.  And apparently there is a "3-second rule" that applies here if things hit the floor:  worker dropped the ice scoop and it banged across the floor several feet which caught our attention -- and it was immediately picked up, waved in the air to flick dirt/hair off of and then stuck back into the ice to fill a water pitcher that the waiter walked around filling peoples glasses with.  We passed.  Not cool.  No mas.
4	Great place to go for lunch. If you order from the lunch menu, you'll spend less than $7! Normally I get the #3 - red. The service is spotty. During the busy lunch hour, sometimes I've had to ask for more chips 2-3 times before I get some. Sometime we have to wait a long time for the check too. The food, though, pretty good. Try the hot salsa with your chips - it's some of the best salsa that I've ever had. They're also open early and it's a good place to swing by for a breakfast burrito or two. Parking is not too bad - they have two separate parking lots which fill up during the lunch hour.
4	Took my family to enjoy the authentic Mexican food.  Everyone enjoyed it.  The service was excellent. The food came out piping hot  on hot plates.  The mole and red chili was delicious.   Really enjoyed the strawberry margarita too.   The restaurant is old and could use some fresh paint and repair work on the window blinds the vinyl seats need some work/cleaning up but the old appearance is what makes it more authentic.
4	I went here tonight without reading any reviews.  I was driving to another place for dinner and drove by La Canasta and there were a lot of cars in the lot, and mentally noted where it was.  Got to the other place and it was CLOSED, back to La Canasta.The salsa in my opinion was a home run. A little chunkier than what you would traditionally think of as salsa but very good none the less.Had iced tea to drink and the 2 chicken enchilada combination.  The food came very hot, yes food is suppose to be hot!!!!!  The entire meal was very good, and the service was right on par.  My tea was never empty.  The best part is the bill was $11.13 before tax and I was very full, almost too full.My one constructive criticism is that the food and salsa were a little on the salty side, but not over the top.Overall a good experience and it felt a lot like my favorite place at home that I have been going to now 24 years!!!!!!!
5	Chips were delicious. Incredibly reasonable prices! Definitely recommend this place for all.
5	Love stopping here on my lunch breaks. You can order stuff to go and its fast and affordable and the best Mexican food I have ever had! The Tacos are delicious and the cheese crisp is pricey but so worth it!
4	Glad we stopped by.  Were already downtown and decided to give this a try. Glad we did. Service was great. Wasn't very busy so we received plenty of attention. I had the carne asada plate. Big enough to fill me up and have some left overs. Rice and beans were delicious. Meat was decent. Overall great experience and will surely return to try your their lunch menu.
4	Delicious Mexican food downtown. We went for their lunch specials and were not disappointed. Our waiter was well versed in the menu options and helped me out with what I deemed "the taco conundrum" - which basically meant that I wanted the taco/rice/bean lunch combo but with an extra taco. He managed to hook it up with a marginal price increase, a move that was greatly appreciated by both my stomach and my wallet. If you want some traditional Mexican food and you're in downtown Phoenix, this is the spot for you.
1	too many bad experiences at this rest. to count. they always get my order wrong. if its not that they will have someone rude at the counter. they have kids running the rest. skrewing things up. burnt food, terrible customer service. stupid to eat here.
5	Chips and salsa are sooooo good. The chips are hot fresh,crispy and salsa is fresh I love the hot salsa as well. We usually get the steak picado plate it is so good the meat is tender full of flavor, rice is good, there red enchilada place is also one of my favorites. Soda is good not watered down. The waiters are nice and my order has always been made right. I live in Goodyear and I will make the drive all the way down here just to eat this delicious authentic reasonably priced food. They also have several flat screens if you want to catch a good game and enjoy some good food
5	This IS the place I've been dreaming about. Stumble upon this place a year ago and have been thinking of the food since. Every time I get to Phoenix, this is the one must stop. Everything is good, but I recommend getting your enchilada Christmas style (both red and green sauce)! Great value, great food and great service.
3	First time here, and have to say I wasn't blown away. Restaurant was messy: with uncleaned tables and chips on the seats and floor. In defense, they were packed and very busy. First batch of chips were very good, served fresh and warm. The refill chips were cold. Salsa was tasty, but not anything better than Pace or El Pato. Had Nana's Special: was better than fair. Red sauce was hot and tasty. Rice and beans were very good. My wife had the chicken chimi, and that was very good and not greasy. Overall, was a good lunch and or service was Very Good!!!We may try the takeout tamales...
4	I've been coming here since I was a child, the food is amazing. I usually order a beef,cheese, and onion burrito enchilada style. Their salsa and hot sauce is amazing as well. The beef tacos, cheese enchiladas are yummy too! The only downside is that the services is usually slow.
