2	Uggh...I'm not going back to this place.  When you pull your car in, the guys hound you about upgrading to hand waxes, fixing your windshield, and anything else they can try and sell.  It's so annoying, I had to say no at least 10 times to two different guys.  I got an ultimate wash and my car wasn't even vacuumed decent.  There was still stuff on the floor by the driver seat.  I don't recommend.
2	One thing I can't stand is repeating myself. I told them which service I want and the guy his kept on trying to get me to pay more. Goodness. I said I was this and that's it. Just wash my car and vacuum the inside.
1	I pulled up to get a car wash and the guy tells me, "I can get all of this detailed and out the door for $80." For a minute I thought I was at a car dealership. Why is he using the "out the door lingo?" I got it detailed for $40 which wasn't too bad because I have never had it detailed and have had my car for over 5 years now. They did pretty good but I didn't like them trying to screw me over. Which is why they get one star. My boyfriend went there yesterday. The guy tells him he will get his car detailed for 120 dollars... LMAO!!! My boyfriend declined and then they offered to do it for 70. Hahahahaha!!!! What a price difference but he still said no. These salesmen are such crooks and if you go don't fall for the expensive detailing they try to sell you.
1	Came for a carwash, got harassed for windshield replacement by two separate employees who were relentless.. I had to walk away after saying no thanks numerous times just to get away. Then they didn't even bother to say the carwash was broken while I paid, they just washed my car w/ a hose and some brushes after paying for the "ultimate" wash.I've had the employees at other carwashes talk about windshield replacement- its pretty normal, usually a no thanks is all that's needed.. this place was so aggressive about it I will choose to get my car washed elsewhere just b/c of this.
1	Went in for a basic wash & vac in February and got the hard sell to buy a multi wash pack. The sales writer couldn't understand the word no and wouldn't give me the ticket. Told me to wait inside and he would bring it in. I finally went back out to ask for the ticket and was berated for getting free armor all and not taking the "deal"...Tore up my loyalty card, never going back!
1	DONT BOTHER! TERRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE!Never again. Very pushy attendants who try and sell you things you don't want and then act offended when you say no.  Paid $120 to have my car detailed and was less than impressed with the results. My carpets were still dirty...windows were too...and they didn't even attempt to wipe down my center console. And they had my car for 4 HOURS! It's a two door Toyota Solara...what the hell were you doing for 4 hours? When I pointed these things out I was basically told too bad so sad. They didn't care at all. Asked to speak to a manager and was told he went home for the day and to call back tomorrow.
1	After taking my money which was higher than usually by $20.00. I trusted they would do the work I paid for but when I went to inspect my vehicle I found a brand new scratch on the rear door about 6 inches long so fresh it still had the scraped paint on it. They didn't wash the floor mats didn't clean the groves on the dash the manager told me they don't do either of these thing. What was even worst is I paid the higher price to have my headlights defogged and the manager said they could not do it because of the grill and then tried to convince me that I got Hugh discounts that covers the lost service on the headlights. I thought I would try them because the were closer to home but it is by far the worst car wash that I have ever had not to mention more expensive and they did not do the work they said they would. They sure had lots of excuses but no solutions for the damage, lack of work and overcharging.
2	Still one star for the guys being SO PUSHY!!!! I came to get my car washed not to buy any fix me ups for my scratches! I don't care about he scratched on my car! I added an extra star because the guys who clean the cars do a good job.
1	Never again!  This place is the worst.  They didn't even vacuum the trunk!  Bring back the illegals, americans are too lazy and stupid to even wash a car.
2	I come here often to wash the family cars - they have cheap but thorough deals. The service is typically friendly, and the seem to remember the cars that I bring in, if not me directly. Because of the reputation they've built with me, I decided to purchase a full interior detail and ultimate wash for $120 - something I thought was a great deal. I just left the car wash to enjoy lunch at Applebee's across the way, and am pretty disappointed with my car wash experience. Before I left, I reviewed the car and had to ask them to (re)shampoo the back seats. There are stains from the previous owner that I wanted gone; the entire purpose of my purchasing the interior detail! They did, and it looked great. After getting to Applebee's, I looked at the rest of the truck and realized that the front seats weren't shampooed either, despite them being covered in plastic..? While I should go back and demand more for my $120 plus $20 tip, I am fully frustrated and won't be returning.From here on out, I'll take my personal vehicle to a place closer to where I live and get more (and honest) bang for my buck. If I'm spending nearly $150 on a detail, I want it to be PERFECT!
4	I've not had any of the bad experiences that others have. They do not knock my socks off which is why this isn't a 5 star review. However, the price is right and you can get coupons from their website. 3rd time back and and each time they continue to do a great job.
4	Gotta take charge when you pull up right away, just the basic wash, no armor all? Nope, do that myself. No air freshener?, nope don't like it,,, how bout a detail?, do you think it needs one?,, you guys just did one, should I tell them to redo it for free? Other than that they do have one guy that remembers me and hooks me up anyways with armor all on my tires. And the air freshener just adds to the stains when that stuff dries. Main reason for going back all the time is that I used to work there 20 years ago when I was 16.
2	Very pushy and annoying, just trying to sell as many services as they can.stay away from them unless you are just going for a basic car wash.The quality of work they did was ok, not with it.
