3	I am thrilled down under has moved to an empty Baja Fresh in the islands shopping center in Gilbert. The reception is warm and the wine selection excellent. We met some friends there on a Saturday night. The band Hoot Mahoot was very good and added a nice touch. My husband and I each ordered the wine tasting & appetizer. The bruschetta & sweet potato fries were really good. The wine selections very nice. The service less so. The server was very warm and pleasant but we had to ask for and wait for each wine taste. I hope the service improves after they get settled in.
3	The location is most likely perfect for the neighboring "lake" community. I would probably not return due to the distance from my house but was here for a college reunion and found the place to be nice.The location is a new one, proven by the fact that they have a banner sign hanging instead of a fixed one. Signage in the shopping center it's located could help. I used my iphone navigation to find it. I had a Belgian beer, my favorite, Hoegaarden which was great and a merlot. Nothing too special. I took advantage of the free food offered by my college. Apparently one of the samplers I had was alligator meat, and fried. The curry chicken I was served on skewers and quite good with a selection of cheeses as well.  I'm pretty open minded to different foods but it was pretty greasy and well I didn't eat more than one let's put it that way. The decor was nice with barrels serving as the base of glass tables. Perhaps for parents/the young at heart (or staff) and their kids(?), there was a TV and Wii near the bathrooms.I'm aware that Australia has great wines and the concept and name separates it a bit from the "French" named competitors but I don't think the mainstream public might get it.  Otherwise, a nice neighborhood wine bar, just not a place to have a meal though the appetizers were decent.
5	Where do we start! We LOVE this place! An Australian wine bar that recently relocated from Chandler Fashion Square Mall to the new Lakes area at McQueen and Warner. Its hard to believe they've created such a wonderful atmosphere in an old Baja Fresh Location! Amazing! Phil, Rodger, Josh and staff have worked very hard transforming this new location and it has kept it's quaint, casual and comfortable atmosphere. Wine selection is reasonable priced, compared to Pesto's in Chandler. New steak on menu is FANTASTIC, try with blue cheese crumbles! Yet another place that carries my favorite local beer from SanTan Brewery! If you love wine and enjoy exotic foods this is a place to try!
4	If you are a fan of Down Under then you already know they moved!  (apparently the reviews are now under the slightly changed name so I'm adding a new/update one under the 'bistro' heading).   jeez.... The new location is no longer convienient for me to use as an "offsite office" but I am willing to make the treck in the evenings as their happy hour and events are the best!!They have a really great patio now and more seating inside.  I was afraid I would not like it as much as the old (yes...fear of change) but it really is great.  Different...but great!  I think the retail wine selection is less but the food choices are slightly expanded and the quality is wonderful!The ongoing wine tastings cannot be beat!  They bring in many winemakers for the tastings and a couple I"ve met have flown in from Austrailia!  The staff is very knowledgeable about the wines they have and there is usually a local wine rep wandering around the place on any given day as well.  I say again, you really can not go wrong here! The ony reason I held back a star...is the desserts.  I don't see it on the on-line menu but there is this dessert listed on the menu in the restaurant that has me all excited and dying to try it but they have not had it available for 3 visits now!!  Roger, darling...quite teasing us with it!  Get it in or take it off the menu and replace it with some other fabulous item we chocolate and wine addicts can partake of.  Happy hour is every night but don't miss the Fri/Sat $20.00 event!  Best value in town for wine and great food!!  Cheers!
5	This place is so much fun!The atmosphere, the crowd, the staff, the alcohol, the food.. all get 5 stars
4	Great food, great atmosphere, great people and of course the best Sparkling Shiraz in town.  The wings and cheese plate are my favorite.  Be sure to say hi to Roger (aussi) and Phil (english) when there.
5	When I say I walked in and felt like I was home, that's no hyperbole. It really was one of the most welcoming places that I've ever been in.  Everyone was super friendly, and fast and helpful service.They know their wines, and helped me pick out a by the glass white wine, since my friends were drinking red by the bottle.  I love reds, but a sulfa sensitivity makes them almost impossible for me to drink.We had already eaten elsewhere, so I didn't even get a peek at their menu but I'll be going back soon and trying out the food.The live acoustic music was perfect for a mellow Saturday night, and wasn't overpowering the easy flow of conversation.  In fact, there were a few times it seemed like everyone was singing along, and then easing right back into their discussions.I can't believe it took me so long to visit since this place is walking distance from my house, but I anticipate that I may quickly become a regular.
2	I have never walked out of a restaurant prior to ordering, but there's a first time for everything.  It must been a busy night, because the service was painfully slow. We initially walked in & made our way to a table. It was difficult to navigate around with the oddly placed couch area. We sat down at a table towards the back of the room, and couldn't help but notice a foul smell... low and behold we were near the bathrooms! So, we saw another table leave and we quickly swarmed in on a new location by the bar. After being ignored for nearly 10 minutes, menus were finally dropped and the server raved about how some Arizona winery just changed the world. I wasn't impressed, I really wanted to order... something! To my disarray she left the table and went back to the bar, without taking our drink order?!?  Oh well, on to other bookmarks.
4	The new Down Under Wines & Bistro is a vast improvement over the old place.  The staff is friendly but this place can get crowded and service can suffer as a result. I like the many unique food items they provide and they carry many of my Arizona wines and host great events for me.  If your on the East side or in Gilbert I would check it out.
5	I met some girlfrenz here to catch up and loved it! Staff was friendly and helpful. They were on top of it.  Atmosphere and vibe is relaxing and inviting. I will return and would recommend if you are looking for somewhere to chill.  They didn't have live music but we went on monday night, no big bcuz the malbec we had was awesome and so was the convo.
1	We went to Down Under Wines and Bistro with anticipation for wine tasting and some good food!. I was new to Down Under and anxious to see what the fuss was all about.It was a busy, bustling fun-looking wine restaurant with the Aussie flare I anticipated. Yet I was not prepared for the lack of service, lack of attentiveness, confused staff  and negligence.  I will say the wines were tasty and well worth drinking..( yet they did not make the wines so I give them little credit for this ).  We ordered our two allotted appetizers. The pot-stickers  encouraged us as they were very tasty with just a touch of spice and tangy sauce. Not a fewd gasm  moment, but worth tasting again.Loving bruschetta we decided to brave the combo of four : Wild Mushroom/ goat cheese with hint of citrus. This was unattractive, bland soggy mushrooms with some slimy white substance that didn't resemble any goat cheese I know of. Artichoke hearts with Lemon / parmesan cheese. Canned artichokes, hint of teeny lemon, and again unrecognizable bland white sauce Smoked Salmon ( smoke was non- existent) , mascarpone( decent  not remarkable) . The salmon was said to have the chef's special sauce. It was so special we couldn't find it nor taste it.Loving fig with Prosciutto and Brie., I thought surely this one is going to rock! The fig was a cheaters version that tasted like a sad fig jam. We had barely a tiny  piece of prosciutto The cheese they called Brie - I've no idea what it was --and it was ,,, again , runny and bland.This was disappointing along with the fact I filled mine and my companion's water glass all night. There was a mixed drink shaker edging its way toward us with a white liquid oozing out that we had to point out ( several servers went  past it all evening). It was not appetizing nor acceptable. Our bartender would laugh these comments off. The water pitchers were filled right in front of us  and yet not one server noticed our glasses.We had been rather hungry but after very poor service and disappointingly  bland food we decided our leftover lamb shoulders at home surely would be better than what this attractive , initially intriguing bistro had to offer.We knew the service would be better . I think it has potential and flare. Service can make or break a dining experience. Perhaps they need more servers or more training....In the end, the bartender tried to make up a bit by offering a taste of a big red that was from Lodi winery resembling a lovely Truchard.It was pleasant but sadly did not leave us with a desire to return.Giving one star was being generous.We were almost served the wrong thing several times. The staff seemed very confused. They were attentive to their regulars .Customer service means  you treat a person so they cant wait to come back. There are many more tasty, intriguing restaurants of the valley I would rather feed my hunger and my soul.
5	I went to Down Under about a month ago with my parents as their driver while they did a wine tasting. The atmosphere in the bar was great. They had a great sense of fun, as it happened to be a karaoke night when we were there. One of the guests happened to bring a karaoke machine in and they encouraged all guests to participate. Even the bartenders had a brief cameo on the mic, showing that they incorporated a fun atmosphere in the bar.The food was very good considering that they were not primarily a restaurant. I had the ribs, and they were the kind that you would eat to the bone and wonder where they all went when you were finished. The desserts were a little heavier than what I expected, but for a night out it was doable.The service was great as well. They were very friendly, checking back on our table often to make sure everything was good, and if we needed refills on our drinks.All in all, a very good place to go for a night out. Not a weekly haunt, but definitely a place to come back to every once in a while.
5	I joined a meetup group that was meeting here, and while that didn't go so well, I had a great time at Down Under. I arrived late and it appeared everyone from the group was already together and there were no other seats, so I took a spot at the bar and enjoyed the tasting alone.  The tasting was $20 and included 5 wines plus an appetizer. I went with the mini kangaroo loin salad, because let's face it, how often do you get to eat a kangaroo? The salad was very good and I enjoyed all of the wines. The white "Y" Viognier 08 was my favorite until I tried the MGS 06 (although I didn't have a bad one in the bunch).The evening turned out well as one of my friends stopped by for a few minutes and I was able to strike up a nice conversation at the bar with another lady. The restaurant was busy and there was a singer that helped pack in the customers. She was very good - not too loud, good tunes and a nice voice. As it approached `10 I noticed more and more people leaving . I asked one of the guys what time they closed and he said whenever the last paying customer leaves. They do not have set times to close because as long as people are having a good time and still buying things, they will stay open. I met Phil, the owner, and he was an excellent host. I always saw Susana check in here, but never tried it. I am glad that I went out today and met some people, even if it wasn't the people I was supposed to meet. I will definitely come back! Maybe next time I will try the emu wings  - and I saw someone get an incredible looking huge piece of chocolate cake - I must try that!
4	I joined some friends here tonight and had a blast. the wine tasting was great, 4 out of 5 were winners. They did run out of the smokehouse bear but they didn't charge us for it since they couldn't give everyone a full glass.The place was packed but we were served rather quickly.The server was a little bit of an air head but she was fun and had a good personality so we let it slide.My food was good but my friends said theirs was great.If you are looking for a fun place and a good glass of wine, I would not hesitate to check this place out.
5	What a little gem in Gilbert! Didn't even know it was there until a friend invited me out to meet her there for "80's Night" of all things. 80's night at a wine bar? A DJ at a wine bar? But it all worked, and I really dig the place. Servers and bartender were all super friendly, met the owners who were also nice, bartender gave me a free glass of wine, and overall just had a really nice time. Looking forward to their $20 tastings on Fridays. Sounds like an awesome deal (4 or 5 glasses plus an appetizer)! Oh yeah - and they have Yappy Hour/Brunch where you can bring your pooch (check their calendar). Awesome. Will be back here for sure.
1	I really doubt Down Under will welcome my review, but I HAVE to do it just to get this off my chest. I spent a very long and frustrating hour+ this morning on the patio with my dog and some friends. My dog, Peekaboo seemed to enjoy it, but I HATED it! There was a "Doggie Day Sunday brunch on the patio" event going on on. I had scheduled a FindMyDogADate AZ Meetup there for this doggie event. All of the tables and chairs were taken when I arrived by the people running their doggie event tables. Eventually I found a table with two wet chairs directly under the very wet misters. (It's no wonder no one wanted to sit there). Since I had four other people coming, I scrounged up more chairs. All of them were directly under the dripping misters.After my friends arrived, I went inside to grab some brunch. They were charging a ridiculous $12 for rubbery whatever that was, cold eggs, rock hard pancakes and a tiny dish of grapes served by a lady who couldn't even tell me the price of the brunch. The orange juice was extra so I asked for a glass of water. I got a plate full of yuck, sat down in the wet chair while the water dripped on my plate of yuck making it even yuckier. I took my uneaten plate back after one bite and told them I would go eat at McDonald's. YUCK!!The patio needs to be condemned! I was tempted to call the health inspector! Dogs had pooped on the gravel behind the tables and it wasn't cleaned up. No doggie poop bags were to be found anywhere at this doggie event. Luckily I had brought some with me (and always do when Peekaboo is with me). After cleaning up the other dog's poop, there weren't any trash cans available to dispose of it!!! The "waitress" never stopped by our table the entire time!All on all it was a very dirty and disappointing experience. Is there a -1 star rating and a "good for:" option of Nothing??
1	I went to Down Under the other night with my boyfriend for our date night. We've worked in the service industry for years so we hold the bar pretty high on food and service. We ordered a cheese plate, the Barramundi and some wine.When the cheese plate came out I almost laughed. Everything on there that wasn't cheese clearly came from a can and the cheeses looked like the ones you can buy pre-cut from Fry's or wherever. Fry's cheese plate may actually be a cut above what we received.After the blasphemy that was our cheese plate, we were both a little nervous to see the Barramundi. Barramundi is supposed to be a tender, flaky, white fish. What we got was a sad piece of ocean chum that looked like it came out of a microwave. To say it was bad isn't saying enough. It was totally devoid of texture and taste.To round out the evening, our wines (and the selection of wines) were mediocre at best and the service was not worth mentioning.All in all, this was the most disappointing dining experience and waste of $75 that I've ever spent since moving to Arizona.
3	Finally decided to go check this place out. The space itself has this massive patio, which would be awesome if there was more than one door to get to it. A design flaw that I can't hold against them. We chose to sit at the bar in fear that we would be forgotten on the patio... and I think it was a wise choice.The bar keep (whom I think may have some ownership in the place) was a bit abrasive when we first walked in. Honestly, we considered turning heel, but decided to give it a chance. He was attentive when we sat down, explained how things worked. I left the wine choice for him to make, a test to see if he knew what he was talking about. He seem to make some good choices for me. They also had a tasting of some Sonoma wines that were all pretty good.They were having a birthday party for one of the owners, so some bustling around from the employees, but not bustling to help customers. Our original server vanished about mid pour into my wife's tasting, she was left hanging a couple of times and had to ask to have her next taste.We really didn't eat anything other than a small cheese plate, so I can't give a good review of the food. I think it may be worth a second go. Time will tell.
3	Like most have said on here, the service leaves a lot to be desired. We did however, go on a night when they were in the midst of planning a birthday party for an employee later that evening, and there was a lot of attention on that and very little on new patrons trying their place for the first time. We told them right from the beginning that it was our first time there and purposely sat at the bar, hoping that would keep their attention, but it didn't.   As I sat an watched all the people and the interactions, I got the distinct feeling that for regulars it's probably a great place and maybe commands better service, but for "strangers" they just aren't as attentive.  Seems like an odd philosophy if you want to build your business and welcome new business.  I had to ask for service a few times and it was really frustrating because I could see about 5 employees and wait staff all standing around just chumming with each other and talking about the upcoming party, rather than paying attention to customers. They have great potential, but maybe need to get their priorities straight if they want the business to succeed. I would go again and give it another try though, that said, since we only had a cheese plate appetizer and I'd like to see what it's like on a regular night when they weren't so wrapped up in a special event.The wine selections were good and the cheese plate okay (nothing special), but like I said, I feel like I should give it another try to be fair, and I'll write up a new review then.
4	Came here on a Friday night and we really enjoyed ourselves. Nice atmosphere, not too stuffy....one guy even looked as if he had just came from the gym, but you could definitely dress up a little if you want. It was cozy inside and the patio looked enjoyable as well. Our server, Tony, was attentive and he even waved the corking fee for our first bottle since it was our first time here. This inevitably led to a second bottle. The selection of wine is pretty good and they're one of, if not the only, bar/bistro where I've seen the delicious Australian beer Cooper's.We didn't eat much, just nibbled on the sweet potato fries and an order of hummus. Both were very good. I'd like to go back and sample the kangaroo sliders and sit on the patio while the weather is still cool enough.Definitely a nice find on the east side of the valley!
5	This is one of my farovite places to go near my home ~ great wine!  Their 'shrimp on the barbie' is the best!  The menu is very unusal ~ never had a disappointing meal.  The owners and staff are sooooo friendly.  Always feel appreciated when we go there . . . and come away feeling great.  Blessings to them . . . I hope more people discover them . . . sometimes during the week they are a little slow with customers . . . but on Friday and Saturday you have to go early to get a seat.  Blessings to them.  : ) KC
5	Great date night place! Great atmosphere, Wine and cuisine! All at a very reasonable price!! Highly recommended!!
3	I've gone to this restaurant many times and have found the service to be terrible.  My friends and I spend more time waiting for the wine than drinking it.  Most of the time the staff is apologetic for the long wait and I do get free wine out of it.  Also, some of the tables are low and are paired with high chairs, which makes it hard to sit comfortably.  That being said, the wine is good, the staff is friendly, and they have good live music on Friday's.
2	We had a Groupon...my wife loves Australia...and has family from there. Let's just say...we were excited. We ordered all the unique items: surf&turf (with Kangaroo-loin meat), shrimp-on-the-barbie, and the crocodile dumplings. The dumplings were nothing special...a bit over-seasoned and fried from what seemed like pre-packaged, frozen dumplings from Costco. The main dishes looked great...but the shrimp was a bit "old"...the loin was bland and tough...the small side salad was a delicious bit of redemption, however, with a sweet, creamy-in-texture, balsamic vinaigrette of sorts. With all that mediocrity, I must admit that the wine was delicious (we had the Shiraz and the CabSav)...and the bar gave an extremely generous pour for the price.  I hope they up their game, because there is a lot of potential.
3	Meet some friends there for an Australian reunion a few weeks ago. The food was good and the service decent. Good atmosphere but not very authentic.
2	Been going to DU for some time, I heard they have new owners in the last month so I hope this will improve all apsects of this business. Food is average, pricey for what it is, smoked ribs, brisket and pulled pork are great but another company.   Wine selection is getting slim, don't know whats up with that, but there are other wines bars that have much better selections.Service can be very slow so you cannot be in a rush.  They have some good entertainment at times.
2	This place has ok food and great wines but the chairs are extremely uncomfortable.  First off, we were unfortunate enough to get a table with the stools with no backs.  So, there was no lounging in a relaxed posture while enjoying our wine.  Secondly, the stools were too high for the table which means you have to stoop down to eat in a very awkward way.  Third, they had live music.  The guitar player/singer was actually really good but they had a full amp and speaker system even though it is a pretty small place and so this made it very difficult to carry on a conversation with the other couple we were with.I didn't feel comfortable enough to eat a full dinner since the height made it difficult to use utensils so I just got appetizers.  The red pepper hummus was good but the plain one was not too good.  I also tried the potstickers - fun to try something different (they were made with crocodile meat) but nothing to write home about.  My husband got the Roo burger which he said had a good taste but a weird texture.  I also tried one of the bruschetta pieces that someone else in our party had ordered.  I love brie but this one was nothing really special.  They had a variety of bruschetta options but they were pretty much the same options that have become trendy with all the wine bars in the valley that I have been to.  I think the best part of the meal was actually the sweet potato fries that came with my husband's burger.  These were really, really good.Two of us also got the evening's tasting flight.  All the wines we sampled were very good.  However, you only got four two oz pours for $20.  I noticed the prices were very good during Happy Hour so I would consider going back for that but I don't think I could take those horrible chairs after working a full day at work.  I won't be back unless they get new furniture.
5	An australian theme place with a real nice atmosphere. The staff was very attentive and pleasant. I ordered the pulled pork, ostrich, kangaroo sliders, crocodile pot stickers, bruschetta and the beef and guinness stew.All the food was excellent and my personal favorite was the Stew. One of the owners "Raul" was very pleasant, he made sure everyone in the place was taken care of.  The prices were extremely fair considering the high quality of food and service.
5	Great atmosphere. Awesome service. Laid back and accommodating staff. Loved the look of the place and the out-of-the-box menu choices. They focused on their customers enjoyment of the food and overall experience. We started with the crocodile potstickers, they had a unique and full taste. The bruschetta was awesome (especially the honey + prosciutto). The beef + Guinness stew was incredibly delicious. Food was amazing....can't wait to try more on their menu.
3	Went here for a first date.  It's a good first date place if on a weekend.  They had live music and the singer, Aaron was pretty amazing. A little too loud probably.  The seats were not comfortable and I kept banging my knees on the barrel (someone's not so great idea for a table with a glass table top) requiring me to sit sideways. The brushetta was just okay.  Toasting the bread would have made a tremendous difference.  At least the wine was great.  Our server was really nice, but he didn't attend to our needs as much as we would've liked.  We had to ask someone to fetch him a few times and winded up just going to the bar to ask for the bill.  Not an outstanding place, but I would definitely go back. I think the best part was my date. :)
3	Had our monthly book club here. Great atmosphere, but being on the vertically challenged side I didn't really like sitting on a high stool, and the table was a little low for the stool. Only ordered a beer and the cheese/fruit plate. They forgot to bring it to me, but hey I'm easy going and we were a big group. Their hummus was also very good and fresh tasting. All in all a nice place. I wouldn't mind going back and trying an actual meal, but not any of the Australian fare. Just can't bring myself to eat crocodile or kangaroo.
3	This used to be a Baja Fresh and is a nice little bar now.  We came on a Saturday night and really enjoyed the live jazz band.  The service was GREAT as well and I'm a sucker for great service. :) We tried their Crocodile Potstickers as an appetizer, which were just ok.  You can't go wrong with fried foods when you're having beer.  We also tried the fish and chips and these were REALLY good.  The beer on tap was also okay.  Next time we'll try the wines - they had a really good $20/per person for 4 wines and an appetizer on weekend nights that we'd like to order.  The attire seemed to be jeans and a dressy top.  It was a pretty casual and relaxed atmosphere.
2	After vine expressions closed many of us have tried this place.  I like new things and love different types of cuisine but this place doesn't hit the spot.  It's nice to go somewhere and get a wine list by the glass where you can choose a wine you enjoy but of course you want to know the freakin vineyard.  Not here.  By the glass, the list just has varietals - shiraz, cab, etc.  They change their list a lot but so do many places.  The food - below average.  Tried the stew that they said was great and famous.  Bland.  The sliders were like eating a salt lick, too salty.  The servers are nice but they tend to ramble on and give you a 15 minute dissertation on the menu and why you shouldn't look at the last page because it's not available yet but they want you to know it's there.  Finally, a few people mentioned the sucky chairs.  Boy, they weren't kidding.  They have many stools at tables with no back.  Customers should be comfortable, this is not.  The seats with backs have as much padding as a 2X4.  Bottomline, uncomfortable.You want better options, here you go.  The living room in Chandler, my wine cellar in Ahwatukee, postino in Arcadia, 5th and wine in Old Towne, kazimierz in Old Towne, and terroir wine pub in N Scottsdale.  Been to all of them and all significantly better.    Tons more on Yelp.Postino is supposedly opening where grainbelt used to be across from Joe's BBQ in downtown Gilbert so when that's there a local joint should be available.
5	I absolutely love this place! Down Under Wines is a fantastic place and very unique.  Besides there unique menu selection, their wine selection is based on type, not brand, so you'll always find a favorite flavor or something new and tantalizing! I always have a great time there either by myself or with friends.  It's the best of both hemispheres :)
4	Great atmosphere, one of the owners Roger, came out and introduced himself. We even got to discuss other restaurants. We were adventurous and ordered kangaroo & crocodile! Our daughter made the choices.  We've had rattlesnake, why not kangaroo & crocodile?  They were great!  The seasonings on the kangaroo, "jump steak" as Roger called it, were really interestingly delicious. We shared the crocodile, kangaroo, stuffed chicken and the bruschetta board.  We ended it all with chocolate cake!Our stuffed chicken came out undercooked.  A staff removed my plate and got it back in the kitchen to fully cook it.  We understand sometimes things just happen.  Our only issue, the rice wasn't replaced from the first serving. This could have been an opportunity to really secure us as repeat visitors.  We weren't looking for a free meal, but fresh rice would have been nice.The restaurant was not full, but not empty, it was a Thursday night. If you're looking for a quaint place with out of the ordinary menu items, definitely stop by Down Under Wines! Our family enjoyed the atmosphere, the meal and of course the company.
3	I really want to like this place.  I do.  But unfortunately, I don't.I love me some wine, but although I am not much of a wine snob I still like to know the vineyard of the wine I'm purchasing.  It's disappointing (and overwhelming for some) to choose a wine, and when I'm not given the country/region of the wine this task seems more daunting.  That being said our waitress recommended a Pinot that was delicious, and even offered me a taste prior to purchasing the bottle.  I've eaten here twice, my first visit was on  Friday night a few months back with a group of girls.  I enjoyed my chicken satay, although the meat was a bit on the dry side.  The other girls all commented they enjoyed their meals, and overall the experience was great!  Our service was top notch (I believe the owner) and kept our glasses full and did not balk at our request for separate checks.  Because of this experience I was excited to return!Last night I returned with my boyfriend with high hopes and was utterly disappointed.  With the exception of the pinot mentioned above, nothing was all that great.  We started with a cheese plate, and concluded they should not be allowed to call what was served to us a cheese plate.  The manchego cheese was good, but the rest of the plate was a mess of crumbled feta with walnuts and dried fruit and some dry bread.  I love bread but couldn't eat it. Blech.  Not even close to being worth the charge.I ordered the curried beef kabobs with a side salad, and the boy got the steak panini.  My meal was dry and bland.  The meat was seasoned well, but had no dipping sauce and was sitting on dry rice.  The side of the kabobs was also on the smaller side.  Average at best.  The panini was a bit better in my opinion, but the boy wasn't too impressed.  Overall, the main meals:fail.  Big bummer, because like I said...I REALLY want to like this place!Will I return? Yes, but only for happy hour. Unfortunately, I'll have to take my $65 and have dinner somewhere else.
3	After Vine Expressions closed, I've been searching for a similiar venue in the Gilbert, Chandler area.  Tried Down Under Wines and Bistro last weekend.  It is conviniently located off Warner with warm staff who were very attentive to the patrons.  It seems like a nice enough plav; however, I wouldn't consider it a wine bar.  Very limited selection of wines on the menu.  I can't comment on the food in that I ws looking for a wine bar and didn't order anything to eat.  It did seem like a popular destination on the Friday night I visited.  I shall have to visit again and order food to truly evaluate this establishement.  If you're looking for a quiet wine bar ala Vine Expressions, this isn't the place for you.
2	AHH Down Under....I am all about supporting my local non-chain style restaurants and try to give them all at least 3 chances to impress/ redeem themselves before I decide whether or not they are for me. Unfortunately "Down Under" you are only getting the two chances. I will start with the food. We decided to try the alligator "pot stickers" pot stickers being the key word here. They were more of a fried won ton filled with a dry mess of clearly not home made filling. A most certainly frozen pre-made won ton that was fried to a crisp. I mean if your going to call in a pot sticker, at least cook it in a pan. The Cheese platter was next... A hodgepodge plank of hunks of uncut unappealing cheese strewn about with crumbled feta and dried fruit. The only semi-redeeming food that came to our table was a select few of the 6 different types of bruscetta that we ordered. But hey, even a broken clock is right twice a day. The Wine. Although tasty; the server knew nothing of her craft when it came to table service or she deemed us not worthy to bestow her wine serving skills on us, even at one point filling one of the glasses with a different type of wine than was previously purchased. An honest mistake by all accounts but icing on the not so sweet cake that is "Down Under" All in all, $125.00 for 4 people 2 drinks each and a very light dinner. Not a fortune for 4 people but I would of gladly paid a little more for a decent meal.
5	First, superb service.  Not just polite - but really friendly.  I recommend the barramundi in panko crust.  I think it was better than the barramundi I had in Australia, which generally just tasted like cod.  I'm not a big steak person, and 'roo just tastes like steak.  But still, the kangaroo medallions my husband had were nice.  Great atmosphere.  Nice beers (Firestone Walker IPA); they also have some O'Dells.
2	Decent wine deals. Horrible food.I mean horrible.
4	Fun and romantic place to eat. The food is rich and full of variety. Their entrees will blow you away, and their appetizers are simple comfort foods that any picky eater will love. Despite having a few guilt inducing items on the menu, they do have a nice selection of meats, salads and sides that are healthy and made with quality ingredients. You can tell they put effort into what goes into their food. The wine is good, I'm no expert so it all tastes similar to me, but they mainly serve australian wines and many selections of them. It can be expensive, but I find it's worth it, especially when the live music is there. They attract some great artisits.
2	Thought we would give this another try as we keep hearing how great of a place Down Under is. We had been to Down Under twice before.  I guess we just expect more out of a place that charges 'so much'. We sure felt that we got 'so little'.  More of a 'red neck' joint than a true 'wine bar'.  Still UN-impressed.
4	Hubby and I made last minute reservations for our anniversary on a Saturday night. May not look like much from the outside but it's quite nice inside. Tables are made from wine barrels with round glass placed on top of it and regular tables are also available. Very cozy atmosphere. Great for romantic night or with your pals for HH. One flat screen TV, electric fire place and outside sitting available. Live Jazz too(very KYOT vibe)Food was terrific! Ordered an appetizer(crocodile dumplings), Kobe burger and panini steak sandwich, 4 total glasses of wine and bill was about $65. Wish there was a Groupon or check-in deal to go back for dinner and try the Kangaroo, but I saw their HH deals and that makes it a bit more affordable to help support local gems like this one! Definitely worth a try! Nice bar area too and the services was great!
4	Very nice wine bar.  They have a good selection of wine.My husband chose a glass of wine that was not quite right when he tasted it.  The waitress quickly poured some to try and agreed.  Then she brought my husband several other selections until he was satisfied.Best place for Mollydooker wines.
4	This was my first time ever going.  After seeing reviews on here I decided I would see what it was like.  Great atmosphere.  There were live musicians playing, saxophone, clarinet, and the trombone.  They would play there own music but also take requests.  The music was fantastic. The only issue was how loud it was.  We made reservations and received the second table from the front, probably why so loud.  I did get the crocodile pot-stickers.  Food was OK, I personally thought that the crocodile was very grainy and they were not brown and crunchy somewhat, as a pot-sticker would be.  The sauce that came for dipping was yummy.  I also ordered the "homemade" bread with olive oil.  Disappointed to receive three rolls, you could tell were store bought, with a small container of olive oil.  I personally will say that they did not win me over on the food at all.  For the cost, it wasn't worth it.  However, they do have a very extensive wine list.  I asked the waitress what she recommended and decided to take her on her recommendation.  It was the petit cab sauvignon white, wonderful.  What I will say is the service is bad and I had to catch my waitress multiple times to ask for more drink or what have you.  I give the place good ratings because the atmosphere to me was great.  Not as many places like this for us "grown and sexy" fans in East Valley.  Will go again.
3	I found the staff to be extremely helpful and knowledgeable about their wine selection. My party tried a large selection of the appetizers and we loved all of them.
2	Tried the new years eve event, dinner with wine pairings.  Food was Ok, never saw the wine pairings so we bought our own which was good, decent selections.  They have a good staff but they can't manage big events very well, not enough staff.  Suggestion would be to hire etra folks for the really large events, service anf getting what you pay for is everything in this business.  Very limited bar so  would not classify as a full bar.  Sundays are a great day to go not real busy so food and service are good
3	They were out of things to make my drink. Their menu doesn't match their web site. However the food is truly outstanding!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
3	We LOVED this place when it first opened in our neighborhood. After the owners parted ways (and the wait staff make it seem like it wasn't an amicable split), however, we haven't felt the same vibe (and our wallets have been a little lighter). If you are going solely for wine, then you will be plenty happy with this place, but the last couple of times we have eaten there, we have easily walked out with $130 bill for 2 and haven't been satisfied with our selections. I also have an issue with the chairs. If you are looking to relax, forget it. The low back stools do not allow you to sit back and relax. The only way I get to truly relax is on their patio in plastic chairs, which will be too hot by next month. All in all, it's OK...but just OK. Postino's will blow them out of the water.
3	Came here with a huge birthday group and the staff were very accommodating and the service was quite fast. Ordered a bunch of the happy hour (3-6pm) menu items such as the Hummus (garlic and edemame) , Flatbread (chicken, cheese, mushrooms), and fish tacos. Also ordered a IPA from firestone, b/c I'm not a huge Wino. The food was quite good. I think my favorites were the Edemame hummus and the flatbread. The hummus was sweet and had a great texture. Fish tacos were so so as I've had better, but I'm not expecting much when I'm ordering seafood in the middle of the desert. I think it was a good find, but not sure if it will be my regular due to the fact that I'm not really a huge wine fan. Great service tho!
3	Great happy hour place. They have a unique menu with kangaroo meat in there. The service is great and they take wonderful care of you. Everyone was super friendly. I got the fish tacos and it was good and cheap. I doubt I will come back though.
1	So, I have never actually taken the time to sit down and put pen to paper or even a single finger to keyboard for a review. Really, what I'm saying is, I'm pretty lazy, so for me to even write a review, means you should probably heed my statements... or not, it's sort of a free country (still)...My wife and I went to "Down Under" a few nights ago because, a friend of ours had high recommendations. We walked in, sat where we wanted and were handed two menus, a wine list and were poured two cups of water. My wife ordered a glass of wine, which was promptly brought out and we asked for a few more minutes to review the menu. That folks, was the end of our experience... No twists, no turns, no plot line to watch unravel.We sat there for the next 45 minutes without even a slight glance, whisper or even a muddled passing comment from our waitress, the host or any other staff. My wife's wine was $6 before tax, so I left $7 cash on the table and walked out. I felt no reason to alert the staff because, I wasn't going to support their business with anymore of money.I can't tell you whether the food was good or bad because, we never got to order. However, if an establishment can't even get simple service right, then I don't want to know what their food tastes like because, I'm sure their food preparation suffers from the same lack of attention...
5	Great service, good food/drink selection, reasonable prices.  Very comfortable/laid-back atmosphere.  This is one of our new-to-us places that we'll definitely be coming back to.
2	Our server was uninterested and just not pleasant. I had a buddy from the UK come with me and I was embarrassed by how bad the service was. Inaccurate signage, several wines were not even available and less than stellar wait staff...we won't be back.
5	This restaurant is in a class by itself.  The atmosphere is so cool that i could not resist taking pictures with my cell phone.  Great wines and exotic entrees that you will not find anywhere else.  This is the kind of place that when you leave, you can't wait to tell your friends about it.
5	My girlfriend and I have been here twice.  I'm not going to write some long boring review like I usually do so I'll sum it nicely like this:1.  Plan to stay a couple of hours.2.  Order a cheese and meat platter.  There's a killer of selection of both. 3.  Tons of great wines to choose from and always local beers on tap.  If you don't know what to order, the wait staff are completely knowledgeable.  4.  Speaking of the wait staff, chit chat with them.  They're happy to be working there and take their job seriously.  This adds to the awesome ambiance of Down Under. 5.  Order something out of the box.  I mean most of the items here are but don't just settle on the Kobe Burger.  Try the barramundi or lamb chops.  Both are awesome.  6.  Tip the hired local musician.  Compliment the chef.  7.  See out the owners and tell them how you liked or unfathomably, disliked your dining experience.  They are super personable.  The End...
4	Great little neighborhood bistro. Love the atmosphere and the tapas styled food and wine is great.  I will be back many times. I really like this place just before going home so I am good and relaxed.
3	I came here for Happy Hours with my hubby after reading the reviews on Yelp... the wine and beer selection are great at Happy Hours, but I was not pleased with the Happy Hours food. Their portions are quite small.After we finished there, we walked next door to the sushi bar and ate again!I would return for the beer and wine definitely!
4	Good food, great service!
3	Took my Aussie friend here for dinner last night, with lowish expectations.  Pros:--the kangaroo steak and barramundi were both prepared well--Nice wine selection and our server gave us a great recommendation on a bottle--Surprisingly good music playing (Radiohead, etc.)Cons:--Really, really uncomfortable seating. --The cheese plate is uninspired--the offerings are pretty pedestrian (not even a goat cheese), and the prosciutto was cut in thick slabs.  Eww.  Also, the nuts on the plate were just silly--the paper-thin almond slices were hard to even pick up and the small,  cinnamon covered nuts didn't complement the cheese or the meat.   I've seen better cheese plates at Fry's deli department.--I had to point out that our check had been calculated incorrectly (overcharged).Now that we've satisfied our curiosity about this restaurant,  I can't see driving all the way out to Gilbert again to dine here.  If it was just up the street, I could see stopping in to have a glass or two of wine, but then we'd go someplace else after for better food and more comfortable seating.
2	Australia has a huge wine industry, and produces some world class wines - I mean really good stuff that can be laid down for years.  Don't expect to see much of that on the wine list at Down Under Wines.  Penfolds doesn't even make an appearance on this wine list.  Presumably their list changes, but on our visit there were only a couple of selections from Australia and one from New Zealand.  This place should be playing up Australia's wine, but instead we get the same stuff I can get at Sprouts. California cab. Chilean malbec. The owner, Roger Carpenter, is an expat Australian. He is fully aware that his native land produces fine cab and merlot right along side a lot of shiraz.  Try an Aussie GSM sometime - very good stuff.  Why not more from the southern hemisphere?  Perhaps I'm being too harsh.  Could it be that the clientele would be scared away from something unfamiliar?  One thing that is helpful on their wine list are a few tasting notes, so if you're ordering something unfamiliar it's not a complete mystery.I can't report much on the food. We stopped in for after dinner drinks.  We ordered a couple of bruchetta, one of which was not particularly good - blue cheese, honey, and prosciutto. It was just way too salty. The other was brie and apple, which I've had comparable elsewhere.  The list of cheese available is uninteresting.  Fresh mozzarella, Romano, Gouda, cheddar - how unusual...  I commented to my wife that we could easily nip down to Whole Foods and have a dozen cheeses we'd never heard of.  Vine Expressions, also in Gilbert, has a little more adventurous cheese plate, mixing the familiar with a few modestly exotic selections.Parting shot: they have a few beers, but no Foster's?  And the salads are just salads. I thought Australian salads were supposed to be a 10oz. steak with a piece of parsley.
4	I had bought a groupon so My husband and I could try this out. We ended up getting a bottle of wine and bruschetta, but after looking at the menu we were intrigued by the kangaroo burger and crocodile brats! They were both delicious! They have some awesome happy hour menu and awesome times on Sunday and Monday :) We will be back!
1	I've been here twice now. The food is not very good. I'm not a wine connoisseur by any means so I can't honestly give a wine review. I had the Pinot Grigio and it was decent. My husband and I came the first time for the jazz music on a Friday night. He had seen an ad for this and, not knowing anything about the place, had called ahead to see if reservations might be needed. He was told that reservations we always a good idea and they reserved us a table for 7:30. Well, the table reserved was near the back and against a wall. Not exactly what you would expect with a reservation. But once we got there we realized this was not a "reservation" type of place--really just a bar with a menu of select entrees and appetizers. Ok, no big deal. Two guys played jazz guitar and we enjoyed that enough to try it again.When we returned a couple of weeks later the music was a guy also playing acoustic guitar but mainly 90s music of which we aren't really fans. Still, it would have been ok because he actually played very well but it was way too loud to have a conversation even though we were seated in the back. I pity anyone in the front of the place.As for the food, the only thing I've had here that was any good was the bruschetta with cheese and spinach. I don't remember what they specifically called it. Other than that, my first visit I had the Shrimp on the Barbie, which was so-so (rice was cold and tasteless) and on the second visit I had a salad which was ok but nothing great. My husband also had the shrimp the first time but ordered the Kobe burger on the second visit. He took one bite, and totally lost his appetite because it tasted to him like "wet dog." The waiter apologized (I'll elaborate on that later) and claimed it was definitely the Kobe burger even though I asked if maybe they accidentally gave him a Kangaroo burger. He offered to have them cook up a new one but my husband declined as the first bite had turned his stomach. My son had also ordered a Kobe burger and his was okay, so I'm pretty sure they just gave my husband the wrong type of burger or the meat was just bad.The service was good enough on our first visit. The second visit was all around very strange. We walked in and a gentlemen told us someone would be up to seat us in a minute, then came back and took us to a table himself, saying someone would come back and take our order. Several minutes later he returned, apologizing for the wait, saying he guessed he would be taking our order. He took our drink order and left. After several minutes he returned bringing one drink at a time (there were 3 of us). Finally, he came back, again saying he was "so sorry," I guess for the wait. It was too loud in there to really know exactly what he was saying. He took our dinner order and then returned a few minutes later apologizing that they did not have Ranch dressing as two of us had ordered. A bar that doesn't have Ranch dressing? Oh well, maybe they don't have Ranch dressing "down under."  It seemed like a while before we got our food. He came by and apologized at least once for the wait again before he actually brought it to the table (one order at a time again). When he did, he apologized that he thought they had plated the fries with the wrong burger (the burgers were ordered cooked differently) but in fact they had them plated correctly. I was pretty tired of hearing him say he was "so sorry" by then, but I was about to hear it again after hubby couldn't eat his burger.My husband says the waiter reminded him of Phil on Modern Family and I have to say he did resemble him a little in looks and manner. He was very nice but apologized WAY too much. Unfortunately, he had a lot to apologize for, which explains the low rating given. Won't be going back :(
4	I couldn't pass up the yelp deal for this place. We went for brunch on a Sunday and our server was very friendly, patient and attentive. The hummus app and the sweet potato fries were so yummy!  The mimosas were tasty although they went too quickly since they are served in small flutes. I liked the laid back island vibe of the place. Now that I know there's a dog-friendly patio I'll be back more often.
5	I will admit to being something of a 'regular' at DownUnder, and I also play acoustic shows here 2 or 3 times a month.   But believe me, if it wasn't such an awesome place, I wouldn't hang out; I'd play my gigs and leave. Instead, I'm here all the time. The people and atmosphere are perfect. This is NOT your neighborhood sports bar, but it's not some high-brow snobby wine bar either. It sits perfectly in the middle. Casual, fun, and incredibly friendly. It's an infectious vibe that invites patrons to talk with strangers and make new friends. Of course you can get a great bottle of wine from a knowledgeable staff. But being more of a beer guy, I appreciate the eclectic selection of local craft brew (hooray Sleepy Dog!) as well as the amazing German choices. They've got Bud Light on tap if you insist, but I don't know why you would. For those so inclined, I recommend asking Brad to whip up a martini for you. Or try some of Raul's home-made limoncello (if there's any left - it goes quick!).  This is not just a wine bar .... I definitely can't speak highly enough of the food either. Simply fantastic. I mean, the Kobe beef burger is what .... $11?  You'll spend the same or more at your local big-box chain for fare that is nowhere  near comparable.I also highly recommend stopping in for Sunday brunch, where the atmosphere is often even more casual; Often there's Wii bowling or tennis being played on the flat screen, or some acoustic guitars floating around for impromptu jam sessions. Sunday is Funday!My name is Ian, and you can always check the calendar on DownUnder's website to see what Friday or Saturday night I'm strumming on the stage. Or better yet, just stop in anytime to ask, or come by on a weekend evening to see what live music is going on. You're guaranteed a good time!
1	went there the other night  friday may 10,2013 and they were not serving alcohol.  lady said the previous owner committed fraud on his liquor license . . they were serving food but no one was in there and people who showed up and were told no alcohol left the place
3	I have to admit its been a couple months since I have been to Down Under Wines & Bistro.  I bought a Living Social deal for a bottle of house wine and some bruschetta.  It was great for buying a deal.  However, I don't think my boyfriend and I would go back.  Not that anything was bad, but nothing was GREAT.  We are pretty easy going and I would consider us foodies, but there wasn't anything that would make me say "I HAVE TO GO BACK THERE"  I think they definitely have their regulars, and they were busy when we went in on a weekend night.  Wine was great, bruschetta was good.  There are other places I might go before here though.
1	I think this place is closed... Drove by and it looked verrrry closed.
