5	Great place for Italian.  Definitely chose here rather than the location on State Street for a more intimate, less college-heavy environment.  I've been here with various boyfriends and every time was memorable...hey, I even remember their names!!!  Highly recommended...check out the pesto.  Up there with Portabella for best Italian downtown.  5 stars.
5	What a romantic little Italian place next to the Wisconsin State Capitol.   A friendly staff and a beautiful ambience contributed to one of the most romantic meals I've ever had.  The food was tasty, the portions generous, and the recipes were amazing.  A wonderful venue, this is quite a nice place to bid Arrivederci to pretty Madison.
2	"Too pricey, trendy, salty, slow and irrelevant."Since my hometown is Kenosha (known as Little Brooklyn for a reason), the ability to determine the difference between phony and authentic Italian cuisine is pivotal for any hope to socially survive. When learning that we were heading over to Tutto's, their on-line menu was scoped. It read much like a snotty neo-trad Italian-style restaurant would; needless to share ... I was skeptical. Random samplings of pastas, pizzas and gnocchi increased my blood pressure 20%. The salt drenched dishes were over-seasoned and seemed to be an over-compensation for lean cuisine-sized portions. Although the crust, pasta and gnocchi seemed to be baked/cooked well, they were difficult to enjoy due to the salt dump. I would have asked for a redo, but the service was delinquent. In fact, we had to hunt down our server for the check. Considering the size of the group and the auto-factored gratuity %, the far from overwhelming flow of customer, the lack of service is unexplainable. On a positive note, the atmosphere was cute and was appropriate for the theme.
1	I am only posting this review on the Capitol location, since stupid college kids will eat where ever it is cheap, and will not listen to sound advice. For the more educated palate, this is for you.SECOND RATE ITALIAN COOKED BY MIDWESTERNERS.If either think they make good Italian food, perhaps I need to send a couple of the Gambino boys out there to run them out of town.Save your money, and save yourself the aggravation.
4	I gazed above my head to see fake plastic grapes hanging down. Such is the decor, but I admit, I sorta liked it. Their bread for dipping in sauce has an ideal texture for when you dip it into the pesto con olive oil. The reason it loses a star is because their ceasar salad leaves were wilted. I was none too impressed with their salad. HOWEVER, their amazing linguine with wine sauce and clams more than made up for the one folly. There was a dash of spice and I practically cleared my plate! I would have left the plate clean if I wasn't so stuffed! Also, let me tell you I am discerning when it comes to food. I've had Italian food in Philly (hello, all of the southern area of the city is made up of Italians) and have been in the North End of Boston renowned for its pasta, bruchetta, etc. I have also been to Rome itself to eat! In comparison, I swear to you my dish at Tutto Pasta was tops.
3	Competent Italian food in downtown Madison. Had the mozzarella di buffalo salad and penne puttanesca along with a glass of Chianti. Quite good and reasonable prices.
2	Talk about overrated.  Extremely underwhelming, overpriced Italian food.  I've made better things at home for much less money.  I have NO idea why people like it so much.
1	In Italy, you can order pasta that sounds like nothing more than noodles in the simplest essence of a semblance of a sauce, and it can send you to the moon in shades of whorling flavor spirals.   However, here on King street, the fancy schmancy tortolloni-whatsis with the primavera something in a vodka-tomato gruel or whatever I had, in contrast, tasted like virtually nothing.   Eating this, was going through some empty rigamarole.   Just as with the apparent olive oil on the table that you get your bread messy with - - it all just seems done for "effect".    An Italian restaurant that can sometimes delight the eye - - but that's about it.   Great service though!
3	I don't care that it's not authentic Italian.  Authenticity is less of an issue for me than whether or not I can get what I want, prepared the way I like it.  Tutto Pasta on King is very accomodating, reasonably priced, and gets my order right every time.  The portions are enormous and we always take home tons of food, while still leaving satisfied.I will subtract 2 stars, though, for the lack of an appropriately-sized bar area to wait in and the lame-o bread basket with cheap olive oil.
1	Terrible restaurant, terrible food, terrible service, terrible prices.  I am always amazed that this place, and its sister restaurants, are still in business.  In a city with such wonderful dining options, there is simply no excuse for places like this to continue to thrive.
4	I took my girlfriend here for her birthday on a Wednesday night. The interior is beautiful and the food was great. My bill was not bad either compared to the other places that we were looking at. It also is located about a block or two away from a public parking garage, so parking was not bad at all. It was also right next to the beautiful Wisconsin State Capitol, which was a cool place to go look at after dinner. The food that I had was delicious and I left there with a clean plate. I would go there again especially for another date night.
3	Kinda run of the middle as for quality. Price is high for what you get but it's right downtown. :/
4	Kim, our server, was fantastic!  The Lobster Ravoli and Caprese were just a wonderland of flavor.  Sit in the atrium or outside will make your experience beautiful.
3	The waiter was very friendly and prompt.  The first time I went there was for lunch and I ordered a grilled chicken salad.  The salad was pretty large and perfect.  The vegetables were crisp and the chicken was moist.  My boyfriend ordered the seafood spaghetti dish and he absolutely loved it and ordered it again the second time we went there.  The second time around, the appetizer platter was pretty good and the service was good again.  I do not recommend the lasagna though because mine was quite dry and tasteless.  It could have been a fluke, but I'll never order it again.
1	I have long loved Tutto Pasta. Their food is amazing. However, their service was totally deplorable at an event I recently (Summer 2010) arranged there.  I called and reserved a table in the atrium four (4) months in advance. I spoke with the owner to arrange everything. I was bringing my own linens and we picked out a preselected menu which was priced per person. The owner was very accommodating and easy to work with. The day of the event, however, was a disaster. I showed up early with the linens and found out we were not to be seated in the atrium as there was a poetry reading booked instead. Fine. The new area was acceptable. I found out they booked another party for our table 2 hours before us. Ok, well they better be gone and the table set up as promised by the time we get there. Nope. We get there at our reservation time and the earlier party still hadn't ordered dessert! They offer to buy us our first round of drinks to make up for the wait. Great! We end up having to wait a half an hour and set up the table ourselves to speed up the process as their wait staff had no idea about the linens. We finally are seated and have our free round of drinks ordered. The server proceeds to tell us the specials. Which is great, but we have a preselected menu which he knew nothing about. Meanwhile the free drinks take, no kidding, 45 minutes to get to our table!!! There were 12 of us and perhaps another 8-10 tables in the restaurant. NOT TOO BUSY. I'm a waitress and so are half the other ladies with me, we aren't stupid. The waiter also manages to drop a salad into one of our free drinks, all over the table and in the girl's lap. He says he's sorry and that he will get her a new drink and salad. That sort of stuff happens. But when the new drink takes 30 minutes to get to our table and was only ordered after one of us goes up to the bar to check what the hell was taking so long, that is NOT OK. The dinner goes on and on with far below par service. This leads up to my sister and I having a little conversation with the manager. The manager does not apologize for a single thing, instead he made excuses, blamed us and yelled at my sister (the guest of honor) before he stormed off. Holy crap! I have never been treated so poorly in any restaurant, EVER. There was bad communication between the owner, managers and servers. The service was disgustingly bad. It totally ruined what was supposed to be a very special night. No matter how good their food is I and the 11 other ladies will NEVER STEP FOOT AT TUTTO PASTA AGAIN.  Awful!
4	A Madison favorite of my wife and I. Great pizza, tasty pasta. good wine list.
3	Good food. Great location. Good atmosphere (especially in the atrium) and great sangria. We will go back!
1	How can an Italian restaurant run out of the calamari by 7 PM? The waiter was rude. We ordered sparkling water and was given flat water. When we asked for a replacement, the waiter did not believe that the water was flat. We had to test by dropping lemons to show that there are no gas in it. What kind of service is that?Food is only so-so. For sure will not try this place again.
1	If there is a crime against humanity in the food world, it is serving awful Italian food.If there is a punishment I can give these guys that even remotely fits the bill, it's not only never getting my business again (screwing up gnocchi is an unforgivable sin!), but encouraging people to spend their money elsewhere.If there's a place that can make Za's look even remotely appetizing (and it's not), it's this place. Congratulations, Tutto Pasta, you're awful.
4	Four friends and I had a terrific meal here last Saturday night and our service was outstanding. The wine (by the glass) was tasty and reasonably prized. I really liked the ambiance of the restaurant. There was convenient parking in a nearby ramp (next to Great Dane).The pasta was enough for three meals. Our waiter boxed up all the remaining meals and put the boxes in handy paper bags for us.My friends also really enjoyed dining there.I don't understand the negative reviews
1	I've never had a dinner that didn't suck at Tutto. The food is just terrible, the service even worse, and the biggest slap in the face is that you have to pay a fucking premium for this. I've had better Italian food at Za's, and they're not bullshitting me by pretending to be fancy while serving me pasta that was made by a stoned idiot on minimum wage.The pasta always manages to come out undercooked, and the sauces/seasonings taste like they're straight out of the can. I was once served a ladle-full of lumpy mashed rice pudding, and they had the nerve to tell me it was a risotto. A stomachache-inducing pile of shit is what it was. The waiters always end up being inattentive and slow, ignoring refills so they can spend more time chatting in the back. They have more than enough staff to handle their capacity. The bar at the front is nice, but ludicrously expensive for no good reason. The rest of the restaurant is an overpacked shitshow. If someone is sitting at the table behind you, prepare for a very uncomfortable dinner with a lot of accidental bumping.This place reminds me of an Italian restaurant I used to work in, where we would just scrap together the nastiest old ingredients we could using plenty of microwaves and canned tomato paste. Nobody was truly good at or cared about their job, except the manager who seemed pretty capable of convincing the general public that his garbage was actual Italian food. The food tastes just the same.Really, I was willing to give Tutto a chance. I came back more than once despite repeated lousy dinners. And all I've found is that they're just consistently bad.
2	Very busy and noisy on a football weekend. Food is quite average and service was very slow. The only bright spot was the diligence of the bus help in constantly filling the water glasses. Don't waste the calories here.
1	This place deserves a zero star rating.   My major problem with them is their management.  They have coupons that say "one per person"  this DOES not mean one per table.  That should be explicit.  Also they do not separate checks.  A businesses job is to provide a service or goods to the public at a cost.  That cost for them is running the business.  How will a business not do something as simple and customer service friendly as separating checks for a large party?  You will still get the 18% gratuity that is added to the bill for the mediocre food that is unreasonably priced.  (I had a $12 unremarkable salad)  I will never ever return to Tutto Pasta on King street., and I recommend the same to all.
4	Location is awesome. Walking distance from downtown. Service was prompt and helpful. Food was amazing. tried the calamari and was very happy as I'm kind of a calamari snob. Then came the Lobster ravioli!! Mind blowing. fresh, clean and flavorful. wished i lived in  Madison just to eat here weekly. Thanks guys!!
3	I'd been to Tutto once before, and I remember having a pleasant experience. I returned yesterday, and this trip had its ups and downs. Two friends and I went around 2 PM yesterday. Though there were plenty of open tables, we were left to stand for about 15 minutes. Not a huge deal, but we were starving and the tiny entryway was crowded by people continuing to come in but not be seated. They seemed under-staffed, but it would have been a better move to get people seated with water and a basket of bread to distract them from the wait - especially since the bulk of the people there were taking a break from the the massive rally at the Capitol. Our order took forever, but our server, Joe, was great about apologizing for the wait and said he'd try to snag us tiramisu to share after our meal to make up for it. The wait didn't actually seem that bad after we got seated because we were so busy talking, but in reality it was over an hour between placing our order and our food arriving. About a minute before our food arrived, we realized how much time had passed and also realized that we needed to be leaving (my friend had to be back in Milwaukee for work). Just as we got up to find someone to request they just box our food to go, Joe arrived with our plates. We asked if we could just get boxes and the check right away, and Joe was extremely nice, quick, and apologetic. While we were busy boxing, he made good on his promise and brought out a box with dessert. The final bummer of the afternoon came with the bill. We asked to split the check, and apparently that can only be done by a manager and we'd have to wait. No one carries cash anymore - train/authorize your staff to split checks, or invest in a system that makes it easier to do so. Almost every other restaurant I've been to has no problem with this, either by running multiple cards for the same check or going in and splitting it to issue separate checks. So yes - three stars due to fond memories of my food last time (this time I just got a Caesar salad, nothing special) and the competence and friendliness of our waiter. Otherwise, 1.5-2 stars.
