5	When I heard there was a new craft beer spot in the east valley I had to check it out. Some friends and I went for lunch, and it was packed, which is a great sign... especially since it was the first day it was open. Really cool staff, friendly service, awesome craft beer selection, and a really impressive menu. Everything is "southwest style", so it all has some kick to it which is awesome. Anyway check it out, I'll definitely be back.
5	Wonderful place to visit with friends.  Love the food.  Their collaborative beer with OSHO was great (mango IPA).  Our servers Jeremy and Matt were excellent.  Very smooth for a soft opening.
5	We looked to be the first table of the soft opening on Monday. First thing, a real beer list! Green Flash, Fate, Hess, their own collab with O.H.S.O. I am excited by the beer these guys are getting on tap. Fate is a hike for me and the fact they had that was awesome. We came to eat so we ordered an appetizer first. Unfortunately they had some issues with it, but one of the owners came over and even offered a different appetizer for free, which we took them up on because by that time we had eaten our entrees and they were bomb! I had the Pub burger and my wife had the Cubano, both eaten quickly because they were delicious. As for BRI's only on tap brew, Mjango Unchained, its a good beer. It makes me excited for whats to come. I think its awesome they have relationships with great breweries like Fate and O.H.S.O. Can't wait to try the rest of what they are brewing in the coming weeks. Will return many many times.
5	Checked it out during the soft open. They have 15 beers on tap (they will slowly be incorporating their own beers) and an impressive menu featuring southwest fare. I only dropped in for a drink, but I will be back to check out the SW poutine (fries, cheese, gravy, and machaca...what could go wrong?!?).
5	Went there for a friend's birthday last night as it is close to where he lives and where we have our monthly beer brewing sessions - so a brew pub seemed an appropriate spot to celebrate. Unfortunately, they do not have any of their own beers on tap but what they do have is nicely curated and some interesting beers from various craft breweries. What stood out for me was just not the beers filling the gap till they get theirs on tap but the quality of the food, it was excellent! They grill their wings versus frying them and they have a side order of candied bacon with sriracha that was delicious (though I would like to see it crisp and glazed versus soft but still good). I have to be honest, all the food we had was much better than I expected.As for the decor, a thumbs up to the old fashioned lights with bulbs made from 1 liter yeast starter flasks, that was unique and wonderful. What they do need to do is adjust the regular flood lights in the middle, maybe replace with someone with more of a golden glow as they are so bright they sort of drown out the ambient light of the flask based lights. As for location, if one doesn't live in the area, once the rail is extended pretty easy to ride the rail and then uber it hear and if you drive, right by a movie theater so great location. I have a positive warm glow about this place and can't wait to go back when they have a few of their own beers on tap. :-)
3	Hmmm....this place has the potential but it needs to work on some things. First, they need servers who are actually knowledgable about brews...our server was confused about the different beer offerings and actually mixed up our order with different beers than we ordered. And can I get a decent pour? Absolutely no head on my and my partys' beers. When I go to a spot that serves craft beer, the head is thick and the microform is beautiful and uniform, at this place no head and ugly foam, the bubbles were huge and the head was like that of a soda. So first off, better more knowledgable staff and definitely more well trained staff on basic pour methods. Second, the food looks great, but 5 dollars for a tiny portion of French fries? Total rip off. I know they're not officially open but it would have been nice to taste one of their brews, the red IPA sounds amazing. The beer list is solid, but mostly predictable....no reds or amber ales sadly, and nothing new or exciting. Like I said, definitely has the potential but needs a little tweaking.
5	Went here last night during their soft opening.  They don't have the B.R.I. beers on tap yet.  I believe they go on tap on Nov 29th.  Immediately after walking in the door, I knew we would enjoy this place.  Very bright, with some booths, and a few long tables which can be shared among different parties, or used for a big party and a great bar. The craft beer selection is spot on.  From AZ local taps, to upcoming west coast breweries, and some craft classics.  As if the beer selection isn't enough, the food was amazing.  Not old school beer pub food, but well thought out and prepared meals.  We had the pulled pork sandwich w/fries, and an order of green chile mac n' cheese.  We were both really pleased with our meal, and that mac n' cheese was literally the best I've ever had (and I've had a lot).    The rest of the menu looks awesome, and we can't wait to try other dishes.On top of all that the wait staff were super friendly and attentive.  Many different people stopped by to see if we needed anything.  We also had a chance to meet the co-owner Matt who was a great guy and super excited to get his product out there.  Matt even sent me home with a growler, which will be promptly filled when their beers go on tap.  I'm sure their beers will be spot on.  We're really excited to have this place opening in the East Valley.  Can't wait to get back.
5	My husband and I went in to check this new place out and we were impressed. We sat at the bar and were helped by Jessie and Brandon throughout our visit. They were both very friendly and made sure we never needed anything. I had the macaroni and cheese (without meat for me) and it was, without a doubt, the best macaroni and cheese I have ever eaten. This is not your boring, run-of-the-mill mac'n'cheese, but instead it has a lot of different flavors and the green chilies give it a nice touch of heat without burning your mouth.My husband had the Pub Burger and couldn't stop talking about how good it was afterward. He had never had a burger with an egg on it, but he really liked it and plans to order it again on our next visit.We don't drink beer, but that wasn't an issue since the place has a bar and Jessie makes an incredible margarita. Next time we might try the wine as well since they offer that as well.This is a great new place and we'll definitely be back because I'm already craving that mac'n'cheese!
5	I'm writing this at the bar at BRI. I just finished the stacked enchilada. So very good!! It was pretty spicy but not in an overwhelming way. Super tasty!! The other night I had the Spanglish sandwich. That was another huge winner!! The beer selection is pretty good too!You should check this spot out!
1	Great food and beer but the worst service I have ever experienced. We were asked to move tables 3 times, the waitresses were switched on us 4 times. Took 25 min for our bill to come and the waitress brought us another tables bill. The manager offered to comp everything but we decided to pay and will never come back again.
4	Stopped in today for the Grand Opening!!.... Had a flight of their three beers...a flight is four, so added a Lost Abbey guest tap.  Ordered (I forget the name) some pulled pork sandwich with jalapeno coleslaw.  It was fine, nothing to write about, but by no means was it bad, it was just fine.  :)  The beer and service were great.  The place is big enough that you don't feel crowded.  I like the set up...well, really everything about the new brewpub....will definitely be back!!
4	Excellent, enthusiastic service, the BRI beers were legitimately tasty, and the food did not disappoint. "Meat candy"- sriracha candied bacon- need I say more? The fries seemed from scratch and disappeared before I could really get a feel for them- more 'research' is in order. ;-)
2	We went there mid day just before Thanksgiving. I can be a bit hard to find, it is right next to the AMC Theater. In fact, the back door is just steps from the entrance area of the the theater. It was before their Grand Opening, so they did not have any of their beers on tap yet. (we went their to try some of their beers) What they did have on tap was an excellent selection. Our bartender was very knowledgeable and friendly. We were going to have lunch as well. My son had one of their sandwiches. It was huge and he said it was very good. I opted for the carne asada tacos. The meat was all gristle. I actually had to spit it out on plate. (ugh) The tacos came with rice and beans. Those came in a small container (the kind used for a side of ranch dressing) the Spanish rice was all dried out and the beans were just a small amount of black beans. We are talking $11 for this meal of two(gristly) tacos. (they did take it off the bill without me asking)Everything else was just fine. We went to a movie and decided to return to BRI for a bit. Had another beer then decided to just go to Red Robin on the other side of Stapley for a burger. I was excited about a brew pub in Mesa. I live in far east Mesa. I will probably stick with Four Peaks.
4	I was super excited to find out BRI opened so close to my house. The small restaurant ,which is next to House of Sushi, is minimal, industrialist decor. Five big, black booths are on the perimeter of the walls with ample room. However, beware of the lip on the seat; it's dangerous and has caused a couple people to trip and fall. There are also 3 long bar height tables with stools and stools around the bar. They definitely need some TV's above the bar, which I am sure they'll put in soon. The beer menu housed a few local selections. We tried and purchased a growler of BRI's Vanilla Porter. Very good. I also tried Papago's Coconut Joe. We ordered the pretzel nuggets, which were salty and delish with the cheese sauce. My only complaint was they came out after we ordered the build your own burger. They were suppose to be an appetizer and although the server promptly addressed after he noticed, that was the end of it. The burger and fries made up for the delay of appetizer as you could they used an open flame and fresh ingredients. On a whim,  we wanted to sample a side order of mac n cheese. It was cheesy and good, but in my opinion I did not like the sharp cheddar mixed with the what I thought was Gouda. The price of the meal plus 3 beers was around 30. Not bad at all especially since I don't mind giving back to small businesses. I recommend you visit for yourself,  just be careful of those benches.
4	I first read about BRI on Yelp. I was intrigued by their motto. "Doing beer research one pint at a time." This turned out to be not entirely true since they have a sampler 4 pack so you can find the beer on their menu that you like. Personally I really liked the Citrana out of Tucson which is described as a wild sour ale.  The bartender, Jesse, asked what type of beers I liked when I first sat down. I wasn't helpful in telling her much but she picked 4 distinct types to give me a good choice for a second beer. I also tried the Silly Cheese Steak. The menu claims it is "silly good". It was excellent as were the crispy fries that accompanied it. The steak was thinly sliced and there were crisp peppers and melted provolone cheese covering the steak. The roll was soft and tasty though I would prefer a crusty roll. The only problem I had was finding the place. It is near the AMC theaters on Stapley. But I was expecting a stand alone building like the chain restaurants in that plaza. It is in the plaza building near the Starbucks. It was definitely worth looking for.I recommend you conduct your own research and remember to reward good service with a good tip.
5	Great beer selection and the BRI made beer is excellent. The meat candy and pulled pork was amazing. The staff was friendly and service was exceptional.
4	My boyfriend and I love checking out breweries.  We both have a love for good food.  With both of those things being said the beer here is great.  My boyfriend recommended it to his friend that lives down the street.  My boyfriend was not thrilled with the fact that he had to order a whole two entrees to get full.  He ordered the carnitas plate first thinking it would have the portions like four peaks for some bizarre reason.  I ordered the pub burger because I like to play it safe.  Does not take me a whole lot to get full but its just...safe.  It was okay.  I love butter lettuce with all my heart and eggs but there was just something missing and cannot put my finger on it...maybe BBQ sauce?  My boyfriend then ordered the TBLT or whatever next and I can always read his face better than anyone when it comes to food since I normally cook dinner on a regular basis.  It was not the normal loving face he can make when he in absolute bliss from food alone.  Now we loved the beer don't get me wrong. We will be back. But Food might not be in our cards the next time.
5	My friend and I stopped by on our way to have sushi next door (@House Modern Sushi) and we tried their "batch #1" (a blonde Belgian) and a vodka cranberry. Both were spectacular. The staff are friendly, and the atmosphere is laid back, Jason was the bomb, and the owner Matt was very nice! I look forward to trying their food in the very near future.
5	Went back after they opened to try their beer and food. The beer was solid, but nothing jumped out. It looks like they are trying different things and getting feedback so don't expect to always have the same options.The food was phenominal. I had the green chili mac and cheese with machaca. It needed a little more kick for me but, after adding a little hot sauce, it was pure perfection. They make all of their food from scratch (except the bread and one other item, but they will be doing thay soon, as well) and it shows.
2	Ok so the beer was good but I expected a larger selection and feel slightly mislead by their name considering they only had about 12 beers. Now when it comes to the food I had the Carne asada tacos for 10.99 thinking it was going to be a taco plate with rice and beans. I did get rice and beans but in tiny sample cups and the tacos reminded me of tacos I could get at any bar for 1.99. It was two tiny street tacos, granted they were tasty made the small portion all the more depressing know how much that just cost me. I won't be eating there again until they come off their hipster high horse and start providing a fair portion for the cost of the food they serve. Just gotta say the server was nice and attentive
5	Local craft beer at its peak right here.  These folks know how to do it right.  Enjoyed my sampler of beers in little chemistry beakers, then opted for the Batch #1 which I thought was best.  I was treated to very attentive and friendly service, reasonable prices, and an overall neighborhood sort of feel that I found most attractive.  This is my new favorite local brewpub.
5	Had the green chili mac n cheese with carnitas and it was Amazing! I like my food a little spicy and it lacked spice but overall was great. after adding some hot sauce, it was perfect. Perhaps adding a sharper cheese and more chili would have been good?My boyfriend had the Cubano sandwich which he loved but he thought the portion size was a little small. The beer was great! Really good beer selectionThe gentleman we had waiting our table was great. He was very friendly and helpful.One downside was the organization level seemed to be on the lower side (I'm attributing this to being that they are still new). It did take awhile to get our waiter. There seemed to be a lack of flow, and dead space in the front of the restaurant.  Overall the restaurant was good and I think the place has potential to be a favorite and staple in Arizona.
2	I found this place on yelp and I'm always up for trying new breweries but ended up being disappointed. For entrees I ordered the green chili Mac and cheese and added machata to it. Which is a shredded typed of beef. It was a bit spicy but good. My boyfriend ordered the carne asada tacos and these were extremely disappointing for $11. The two tacos were only a little bigger than mini tacos. It came with rice and beans that came in those sauce cups that you use to put your salsa in. That's it? For beer I ordered their Christmas ale. It tasted really good in the beginning but I'm a slow drinker. After a while it got really flat and tasted really bitter. I was disappointed that they had such a small selection of beers for a brewery. The only plus for me was our waiter was very friendly and knowledgable of their beers.
3	I''ve become determined to like this bar, but there's something off with the ambiance.  The food is killer, we've had the cheese steak, the Spanglish on our first visit and last night the putein and pub burger, and of course tried a handful of beers recommended by the staff; all of which have been amazing!!!!! I'm not sure if it's the fact that BRI is extremely well lit for a bar,  the poor sound quality from their audio setup, or the lack of TVs, but I am lacking the desire to stick around after a pint and food. I have high hopes that they will get it dialed in and it's well worth a try if you're in the area.
4	We liked the brewpub feel. The beer and service was excellent. The food was good and the portions were reasonable and thankfully not super-sized.The carnitas were tasty as was the Mac-n-cheese. My resident cook suggested more salt when cooking the pasta to add background salt.  Pretty much any comment we had on the food was a minor tweak that would give it a bit more depth. My resident brewer and I agreed the beer was top notch and the service was fast and friendly.  We'd go again for certain.
5	I loved this place.  I am gonna work towards bejng a regular there. I didn't get the bartenders name but she was cool and provided great customer service.  Had a quick convo with who i believe was the owner and he was extremely nice.  I had the meat candy and the spanglish,  it was different but very good. I got their beer sampler with 4 different beers.  480g, street cred,  batch #1 and some other beer I forget the name of.  But they were very good.  The 480 and batch #1 were my favorites out of that samplerI enjoyed my visit there and will keep coming back.  I even went back the same day to get a growler filled with batch # 1.
5	We only had an hour for a quick lunch and decided to try BRI. We were a little unsure of how the seating worked when we walked in. When nobody came to the front, we assumed it was seat yourself. It was very busy and we were lucky to find an empty table in the corner. It took a little while for someone to come to our table and greet us. Finally someone, whom I assume was one of the owners, stopped to check on us. He apologized that nobody had been by and said he would send someone over. After that, we had great service and the staff was very friendly and attentive.The FOOD! We ordered the SW Poutine appetizer, which was fries topped with pico, machaca, and gravy. It was the best gravy I have ever tasted and the fries were perfectly seasoned. A server tried to take our empty plate away and we told him to leave it so we could lick the rest of the gravy off the plate. They were out of the food we wanted to order because their delivery was late for the day. We ordered cuban sandwich, fries, and a side salad. I was not expecting much out of this sandwich, after all this is a bar, and how could anything else compete after that delicious gravy! We were really impressed with the sandwich and even the simple side salad. The sandwich was very flavorful and probably one of the best cuban sandwiches I have had in this area. I can't wait to go back and try the daily soup, green chile mac & chesse, and the tacos. We each had a draft beer but did not have a chance to try a BRI beer. We will definitely be back to try the house beer. I'm looking forward to many more visits in the near future. I'm happy to have a small brewery in the east valley with such great food! I would love to see a small outdoor seating area and maybe a few more tv's inside.
2	I hate having to write reviews like this but my experience here was sub-par.To start with I got their Vanilla Porter which while ok was nothing special and nothing distinctive about it. I paired that with an order of the machaca tacos ignoring the advice of my buddy to get the mac and cheese. For an $11 dollar taco plate I was expecting more than the 2 barely filled tacos with condiment cups of rice and beans (that weren't particularly hot either). The flavor was actually fairly bland and underwhelming and not filling. This was basically 2 street tacos and tiny sides for $11, it should be a $7-8 plate not one of the most expensive things on the menu.However the worst was yet to come. About 20 minutes after I ate as I was driving home I became very very queezy and nauseous, enough that I rolled down the window in 50 degree temps for fresh air. I rushed home and let's just say I got home just in time. I have never had something like that happen before. It was over pretty quick but was still another 7-8 hours before I was able to eat again. I know food poising usually takes a bit but the sudden onset and the fact I hadn't eaten in 12+ hours (and the last meal was something I have all the time) makes believe something was amiss with the tacos.Based on the fact my buddies enjoyed their meals and I have heard good things from other I will probably come back and try here again but I will be avoiding the tacos.
4	Wow-My wife and I came here for a night out and thoroughly enjoyed it.  Staff was friendly and gave my wife a free sample as she wasn't sure which beer she wanted to try.  Both beers we got were their's and both were tasty.  My wife ordered the Spanglish and I ordered the Pub burger. Again, both were delicious and prices were reasonable.  We will definitely be back.  Only reason it is not 5 stars is the fries.  We got both regular and sweet potato fries and they were soggy and greasy.  Everything else was delicious!
5	I was quite impressed by every aspect of this new addition to the craft beer scene in the valley.  I ordered a tasting flight and my hubby ordered the IPA.  I am a huge fan of Belgian style brews, so I was super excited to see two Belgians on the menu.  They didn't disappoint.  We ordered a BBQ sandwich and we both loved it.  The service was prompt and friendly.
4	A friend and I had the pleasure of visiting BRI today for the first time and walked away EXTREMELY satisfied and welcomed. We met one of the owners (Matt) outside and exchanged pleasantries and then we walked in and immediately greeted by the bar tender (Rose) and she made sure we never ran out of beer. We split the green chili pork poutine fries and pulled pork sliders. They were both delicious! We tried all BRI beers on tap and had their 480G, Batch #1, and Farmhouse Saison. My favorite today was the Farmhouse. All in all it was a good visit and will be back, especially because I live within a mile and this is a great biking destination on any given day!
3	I love the concept, the flask lights and beakers for tasters. However after that the whole concept seems to end, The inside is pretty basic bar like as are the normal bear glasses.  The beer I tried was decent but nothing special. As for the food a lack of any veggie options other than prezels meant this was just a beer trip for me.If you go to the movie theater next door this may be a good stop to get in a few brews before the show.
5	Great beer, food, and service!  Avid and passionate brewers having fun slinging their trade. Well worth stopping in!
4	I have been 3 times now and feel like I have a pretty good grasp of the place...and I love it.  There is just something about the atmosphere that is very relaxed and welcoming and they always have great music playing.  I have eaten a different dish every time I've been and they have all been incredibly delicious.  Their soup is made daily and always something interesting.  As for their fries?  I'm obsessed with them.  They are quite possibly the best fries I've ever had.  The beer lineup is solid.  They seem to have about 3 local or other craft brewery beers for every 1 beer they brew.  That's ok though.  The Street Cred American Dark Ale has quickly become my go to beer there and I think it could really stand as their flagship beer if they wanted. The bartenders and servers have all been very friendly and knowledgeable about the food and beer.  My service was A++ on 2 of my 3 visits.  On the other occasion the service was less than desired and the food order was messed up.  There was no reason for this as it wasn't busy.  So my suggestion would be to write down the orders!Can't wait for the next visit.
2	Unless I was being pressured to see a chick flick next door at AMC and needed a beer before doing so,  I'd pass.  Brews were so-so (we tasted and opted for guest taps).    We were discussing the pretzel bites, which magically showed up at our table.  We were all confused as to the miscommunication that led to them being ordered,  so I had one... Terrible.  Just then the server came by and said it was a mistake, to which we answered that we'd thought she'd overheard us discussing them.  We sent them back.  The bill came and pretzel bites were on there.  The server asked if everything was OK as she picked up the credit cards,  to which I answered everything except the pretzel bites we didn't order or eat...  The response was "Uhhhhhhh,  ok.",  bill was returned with charge still there and she went on to other tables. Not worth the time to dispute.  Don't know if the staff is new to the hospitality biz or what.   Disappointment for sure.
5	Love this place fantastic beer and excellent food. Must try the Mac and cheese. Sweet potato gets are awesome. Service was great. Family atmosphere.
5	Accidentally found this place on New Years Day. What a GREAT find it was. The staff was very helpful and it was a pleasant surprise to find not only 5 of their own brews on tap but other guest taps to choose from too. Recommend the Vanilla Porter and the Blonde. We only tried the pretzel bites and they were well worth it- let's just say the Beer Mustard (made in house I was told) was well worth it!!  Could have used a bit more mustard and skipped the cheese sauce, heck add a few more pretzels too! :-)We will definitely be back and I'll bring my growlers with me next time.
4	Another East Valley Brewery? Yep, the more the merrier! Have been to BRI 3 times now, and this is probably the start of a serious trend. I love the decor when you walk in, the flask lights and the cool science themed wall hangings plus the flights are served in little beakers, very cute. For a first effort on a new system I think these guys are off to a great start. I like the Street Cred and then I tried the 480G and its a fantastic example of a West Coast IPA. The Belgians aren't my favorite but like i said, great start for these guys. The guest taps are great and really reasonably priced. They really have a great variety too - even the ciders for those that like the sweet stuff. The food menu is nice, I had an issue with my order the first time I was there and they quickly fixed it for me and made sure i was happy - gotta love the customer service! All the bartenders have been super helpful and friendly and the atmosphere is really nice - communal tables and no TVs - forced us to actually talk to eachother! Give BRI a shot, you won't be disappointed. :)
2	WHY THE BEER RESEARCH INSTITUTE IS ONE OF THE WORST BREW PUBS I HAVE EVER BEEN TO and why I will not be back spending my hard earn money any time soon.Reason 1:  The first time I went to BRI my wife and I were ignored when we first arrived.  After we had ordered food, my wife and I sat around for over 45 minutes waiting on our dishes.  I let this first encounter slide since BRI had just newly opened, and I like to give people second chances.Reason 2:  The second time I visited BRI with my two adult daughters.  Their own impression of the place was the wait staff was terrible, but the drinks and food were good.  They stated that they would probably not go back because the wait staff con out weighted the food/drink pro.  The also stated that the bar did not have an atmosphere that made them (young females) feel comfortable.Reason 3:  I was refused a BRI growler the third time I went.  I drove over 6 miles to try and support this local brewery, but they told me they were unwilling to give me a growler of their craft beer since they were running low on their own beer.  The owner, Matt, said that I could stay there and drink a pint of their craft beer or receive a discount on a guest tap growler.  It was so frustrating for me because I have a professional license and cannot drink and drive since my license could be taken away by the state of Arizona.  I told Matt this, but he still refused.  The worst part of the third visit?  There were only 3 or 4 people in the bar.Overall:Pros: great food, decent beersCons:  TERRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE
