3	This is actually a 2.5 star review. I grew up in the Burgh, and while currently living in SoCal I have seen my fare share of these types of places. I have to admit I like that the Burgh is getting some classier chill places like this, however Pittsburgh is still a shot and beer type of town.  A place with $12-15 drink prices is really not going to cut it for too long, as has been seen in the years past. Come on, there are places just like this on Southside with better prices than that. Tip: You order a martini from the drink list it will cost you from 12-15 bucks. Get a gin and tonic or vodka tonic for only $6.50...much better deal. Had some food there, it was ok.  Typical of a place like this and I do not recommend eating here unless you are really hungry as it is not worth the $. The music was ok. The crowd was very mixed but more upscale dressed people.Worth the try to see for yourself. Personally I would go back when i am in the area but not a necessity.
3	I went to this place yesterday and since it was a Monday it wasn't that crowded, which was good b/c there was only 3 people working, the server, bartender, and cook.  The HH deals at this place are pretty awesome - 1/2 off all their martini's and their food.  So I would strongly suggesting going for HH b/c there martinis were delish!  I can see how this place is a bit pricey for Pittsburgh standards especially if you weren't there for the specials.  It's a different vibe than what Pittsburgh is used to and you'd probably see this type of place in Chicago and NYC.  It's great to see Pgh branching out and I hope more places like these pop up but with more reasonable prices, b/c afterall we're no CHI or NYC!
1	Just don't. Don't even bother. Horrendous experience. Looks pretty is about all we could say about it. A group of us, about 10 people, went for happy hour on a Thursday, more than doubling their current number of customers. And that was apparently above their max. Ey had FOUR cold beer options. It took over an hour and a half to get 5 appetizers - one of which wasn't even available, and we learned this merely 90 minutes after ordering. All in all a complete waste of time. The owners have hired completely incompetent fools, apparently.
