4	Very friendly and helpful.
4	I have had a great experience at laser away. The staff is very friendly and the offices are clean.
5	The people there are so kind attentive and concerned about your wellbeing
5	I love this place! Super professional and fast! I highly recommend it!
5	I love this place. Staff is always so accommodating and professional !
5	Love the staff and services at LaserAway! I've been getting the Clear & Brilliant treatments, and I'm happy with the results so far.
5	Great friendly staff.  Very informative and fast!
4	Good customer service. I like this place!
3	A
5	The ladies are wonderful here! My tattoos are fading away!
5	I have been going to Laseraway for 6 months and have been impressed with their service and professionalism.  I came from another place that burned me pretty bad so I was relieved that they are serious about protecting your skin.  I'm still working with them and hope to complete my treatments by December.
5	I have learn about Laser away through a groupon for hair removal. They have been fantastic. It was easy to schedule my appointment. They were very professional. The place is spotless and the service amazing. I will go back for more services for sure.
4	The staff tries to be really accommodating and jordyn is the best Lasar girl. The establishment is clean and comfortable
5	The staff are professional and friendly. They are really good at focusing on each individual's needs. Everything is great!!
5	LaserAway offers the best hair removal services around. They are professional, highly skilled, and very efficient. They have the newest, least painful equipment of any laser removal place I've been to and I've tried several. I will only go to LaserAway from now on!
5	I came in today for my 1st of 6 sessions and I am VERY HAPPY:):) Roseanne works the front desk (and might also be a technician) she's from New Zealand and is very nice & professional. April, she did my treatment, is just as nice and friendly! They took me right when my scheduled appt was, no waiting. They have very high quality lasers. The clinic is very clean and decorated nicely. I'm so happy I found them!
5	I am getting hair removal treatment, and i can notice big difference in the treated areas, can't wait to finish the six sessions and see final results
4	The lasers are virtually painless, the staff is super friendly and professional and they provide change for the parking meters as well as bottled water, free of charge. Rad.
