2	Why, oh why do I keep going to Steak and Shake?  Because of coupons, of course.  They send out sheets of 'em.  And even though they say that you cannot use them with other offers (such as, say, another coupon), you can actually use them with one another.  We actually were able to pile three of them onto one ticket.  Sweet.Unfortunately, that is the absolute high point of the evening, other than the fact that they were close to where we were going.  The service actually blows.  It takes a long time to get someone to acknowledge that you are there.  It then takes even longer to get a table.  Then if you are lucky they might tell you that they will be with you in a minute while they clean the tables that look like they have been sitting there dirty since you walked in (while not actually taking your order).Once your order is taken, it actually comes out fairly quickly - unfortunately there is almost no taste to it.  The problem appears to stem from the guy on the grill who is mashing those thin little burgers into smithereens, making them into something approaching shoe leather.  It would be nice if they had a bit of juice left to them perhaps.  If you try their seasoning it can help, but you are really just adding salt.
3	Eh, it's a chain sit-down fast food place. Expectations are low, and they're met. In my experience,  the service was decent, the food was just ok (not bad but definitely nothing special) and the place seemed clean. Can't expect much more. Visits here are inspired solely on a need for convenience. Kids meals are free if an adult spends at least $8. And milkshakes are pretty good.  The fries are boring.
3	I think this is the location of where I experienced Steak and Shake for the first time.  I'm glad to see the location is still going strong.   Most of my high school experience was spent watching movies at Carolina Pavilion with their then "new" stadium seating concept.  Man, I am old.  Anyways...  service was pretty quick and prompt and we got our orders and ate happily.  Our server actually saved me a couple of bucks if I ordered an extra slider... good tip on the wallet... bad on the waistline.Pretty satisfied - good to know what you are getting into when you walk in the door.  Fast quick food, not necessarily the healthiest options, but the milkshakes make it all worth it (for me).
3	It was that weird time of day around 3p, where I haven't eaten yet, but I didn't want to eat too much because of dinner. So I thought I would get a hot dog. I went to Steak and Shake, I saw that they had a combo, Chicago style hot dog, french fries and drink for $5. You can't beat that price. So I ordered, it's #16- if you need to get a quick fix. It was definitely good, they cut the hot dog in half longways, grill it on the flat top, top it with all the appropriate fixin's for a Chicago dog. My french fries were hot, but shoestring french fries get cold really fast, so they had already been under the heat lamp a few minutes, then by the couple of minutes to park the car- not the best. So my french fry barometer registered a "a nice tone of meh" The hot dog bun was too large and poofy, so way too much bread and it was sopping wet from pickle juice, so soggy bread is a turn off, and I don't mean damp either. it was smushed wet like a sponge. Yeah, smushed. Also it wasn't a poppy seed bun for the sticklers. Oh, and another thing, they grilled the bun, that was a nice touch.. My hot dog was made with care, not slapped together.. So, this being said, for five bucks and a quick dog, yes I will return.
4	Another formula chain restaurant, Steak'n Shake is nationwide with their burgers, fries and fantastic milkshakes. Yes, they have plain old boring cheeseburgers, but they also offer a broad variety of toppings to satisfy the taste buds of every carnivore - mushrooms, guacamole, cheese (american or cheddar), BBQ style, even one they call "The Royale" which comes with bacon, cheese and a fried egg.Fries are the thinner shoestring variety and they're not terribly greasy and are surprisingly not oversalted.Service is hit or miss. I've heard horror stories of rude staff. Today, my waitress was just so good that I not only mentioned it to the manager, I called their customer "complaint" line and told them how great she was.Steak n' Shake is open 24 hours. They have a sign on the door today that they're open on Thanksgiving Day, so perhaps if you burn the turkey and mush the mashed potatoes, you can come here instead.Warning! The parking lot is very clearly marked as for SnS guests only. If the Lynx lot is full, you do NOT want to park here.
2	Ok, so not many people in their right mind should expect anything from a greasy spoon like Steak and Shake. If you're walking in the front doors and expecting a 5-star meal, you might as well expect the same from one of the larger fast food chains in this great country. If you choose to experience Steak and Shake, do so on a very empty stomach and then expect to take heartburn medicine and a nap. Heavy, greasy, fatty and devoid of a healthy option. Again, quite expected. You might as well just walk in knowing that you're going to have to loosen your belt. With that being said, you have to get a burger, dog, patty melt, whatever with fries. Their fries are so skinny and light. Not overdone like so many other places. Also, you have to get a milkshake. What kind of experience would you be having at a truckstop-esque diner without a milkshake? Shame on you if you forego this option!Look forward to leaving full, disgusted with yourself and ready for a small hibernation!
1	They used to be so good.  I really want them to be good.  But every time I go back to see if they figured it out, I get disappointed.  I give up.
1	The worst! All the staff (manager included) were just standing around talking, the floors were so slick and dirty it was hard to walk, and the bathroom was horrible. And to add a cherry on top the health score was a 92.... avoid at all cost!
4	I have driven by this Steak and Shake so many times that i decided to give it a try. Going to a fast-food joint, i was not expecting much, but my experience was great. The food was great compared to other fast food joints (mcdonalds, wendy's, etc.) especially the milkshakes. The place really brings back the times and gives it a nice old feeling of how casual dining usually was. The servers were nice, the food was good, and it was cheap. This place is great and i will be coming back again and again.
2	Nope, not a fan.Perhaps I set myself up because when I went I was starving and looking to try something new...but this place didn't hit the spot for me at all.I decided to do drive thru and went with the Chicago hot dog meal which comes with fries and I added a chocolate milkshake. Well I had to keep repeating my order to the drive thru attendant,  for whatever reason just could get it right...finally when he repeated back what I actually wanted and the wait to get to the widow began. I waited and waited to get to the window. When I finally got up there he handed me my milkshake and a footlong hotdog...I told him that that wasn't what I ordered but he insisted that the order was correct, I wasn't in the mood to argue I was too hungry....The fries are supposed to be like shoestring fries but mine were cold and I didn't care for them at all. I'm a french fry lover so this was very disappointing.The hot dog came overwhelmed with toppings onions, relish and ketchup...now normally I would be raving about an abundance of toppings but here they ruined the dog! The toppings overshadowed the flavor and made the bread wet...ugh I hate wet, soggy bread! The only saving grace and reason for the 2 stars was the milkshake. It was creamy and came topped with whipped cream and a cherry....Other than that I don't see myself running back here anytime soon.
4	Hello friends,This was my 2nd visit to S&S in my life. The first time was years ago before going across the street for a movie. Well I haven't been back since because I think I paid almost $25 bucks for to people!!!!!  Whaaaaaad????Well, me & mine tried it out the other day to My Surprise the prices were/are much mOre My Wallet (debit card) friendly. It was packed. I don't think I've ever Ben to a fast food spot that has a "Please wait to be seated" sign. Well, we did wait. The menu is pretty nice. I got a burger with a fried egg on it. Umm mm good. I also got the Parmesan & herb fries. Really good. But I'm a fry guy and the portion left MUCH to be desired. I know I coulda ordered another order but.....They offer ROOT BEER!!!! EmmmmI'll be back for sure, especially now hat I know it's not 50 bucks for lunch or dinner. TTFN
1	I live near this location. The shakes are pretty good but the last banana milkshake I go had chocolate at the bottom of the cup?? The last 2 times I went the burgers were so salty I couldn't finish mine. I was so disappointed because I am a huge burger fan. The only reason I didn't return it is because I went thru the drive thru and had already made it home. I would have thought it would be perfect after waiting over 15 minutes in front of the store for someone to bring my Order out. I will not be returning
5	I haven't been to steak and shake in over 5 years. Me and a friend decided to stop in for something to eat and were immediately seated and our waiter was very fast and checked up on us frequently. The food was fresh and tasted great. Also the prices can not be beat! I was very pleased with our service and will go back soon! Charlie our waiter was great!
4	This is a great choice if you have young children.  In fact, they eat FREE ALL WEEKEND!  They not only get a hat to wear, but also a very cool car with stickers.  Who else offers that?  There are good coupons and discounts off of the already reasonable prices.  Open 24H.  If you like fresh cooked burgers, hot dogs, and lots of milk shake flavors--this is the place!!
4	I was all wrong about my thoughts on Steak'n Shake.  I really thought they were just another fast food, order at the counter type place.  Wrong! It's like a weird little restaurant that feels like a diner, but tastes better than that.I had the burger that is named Prince something... But it was a burger patty, bacon, cheese and fried egg. It was delicious! It came with skinny fries, the kind that you could eat a bazillion of and never really get full.  I also ordered the Salted Caramel Pretzel milkshake. Amazing. Really, I could taste every flavor.  Total rival for Cookout.  I was really pleased. I'll definitely come back here sometime, I may hit the drive through just for a milkshake.
5	I really dig their french fries! Greasy burgers, but that's why I go. Plenty of flavor to be had.
