5	Now, I've made the mistake of reviewing before completion of services (See: Showcase Honda), but, like my dogs, I just don't learn and am a big fat smooshy dumb head face who chewed up mommy's expensive shoes this morning and drives mommy CRA-AZY.Anyway.Here it is: Yeah, the salesgirl who helped me out was a big time Valley Girl and her name was Chanel and her makeup was quite possibly airbrushed, but she was really freaking cool.She understood and commiserated with me on the following topics:-being miserably and uncomfortably blind-the over-the-top prices of these silly designers-having to work weekends-the silliness of our respective boyfriends not getting that we have to SEE, dammit, as in the necessity of rent pales in comparison to the obvious importance of me being able to accurately but silently judge those around me based on how I can SEE their personal appearanceSo, that said, the place is overpriced, but it's at the Waterfront, so whaddya want? Also, my insurance gives me some good discounts for going here, so we'll see. I have an appointment with the good doc today to tell me just how blind I am, which, if it goes to hell, you'll hear about it.
2	This place is pretty ridiculous.  A friend scheduled an appointment here without doing any research as to what he was scheduling.  I didn't realize it was on the Waterfront... had I known this... maybe I would have assumed the following.All of the frames are ridiculously overpriced as they do not stock anything that is not designer.  The cheapest frames ended up being Prada frames, if that tells you anything.  Further, the selection is really limited, not providing a lot of choice for different styles.  The Sales girl was a typical optical sales person- trying really hard to pitch stuff that, after 17 years of wearing glasses, I know is not necessary (anti-glare lenses ... had both anti-glare and regular... really no difference other than a $75 mark up).  I understand it's her job but even after realizing we were on a budget, she wouldn't give up.  Further, she pulled the doctor back out of his office to make him try to help her with the pitch.  Salegirl: "Doctor, is he going to need these for driving?"  Doctor: "Oh, yes."  Salesgirl: "See, you're really going to need the anti-glare"... etc.  If you're okay with all designer prices... how about not being able to try on any lenses without having the salesperson get them out of the glass case?  They try to add to their "prestige" image by keeping everything under locked glass but it's really just not very user-friendly as you feel awkward asking them to take pairs out again and again if you're stuck between choices.  Even with full VSP vision insurance that covered the exam and a base rate on the frames and lenses (which couldn't cover anything in the store), we left spending $300 out of pocket.  Wouldn't recommend this place to anyone... too expensive, limited selection, too much of a hassle, too pushy.  They get 2 stars instead of 1 because the doctor was friendly and professional.
5	Love, Love, Love this place. I waited three years to get new glasses and the optometrist was great. I brought in my old glasses and he analyzed the frame, the lenses and then took the time to educate me in what I should really be looking for in glasses now. I previously went to a cheaper store and got what I paid for.Yes, it was more expensive than say LensCrafters, but after waiting so long to get a new pair, I figured getting a GOOD pair was the way to go and it was totally worth it. The salesgal went through every pair of glasses with me until I found the pair that looked the best and would fit the type of prescription I would be getting (because of an eye condition I had to get no line bifocals). And, she knew everything about the glasses which helped me make the decision.I had a great experience here and will definitely be returning within the next three years.
