3	I wish I needed a handbag. Or perhaps a cocktail dress. Because they're loaded with these items. But, my bf is a fashion designer, and we've got an apartment full of such things. And, yes, sometimes I play dress up. Back off. What I do need are some new shirts. I've never realized until recently how conservative the men's selection is here. And how limited. What, they can't get there hands on more than two colors from Hugo. Boss, that is. I just call him Hugo. Like Oprah. And sometimes, I just call her O. Anyway, the men's department is miniscule. Postage stamp sized. I've been in bigger dorm rooms for Sak's sake! Overall, the choices are slim. They have about three different bathrobes to choose from and not much in the skivvie department either. I prefer Needless much more then Slack's. I'm just sayin'...
5	Oh, my goodness!  I really love the extraordinary service here at Saks.  Everyone is so warm and friendly and so helpful.  Claudette in the Jo Malone dept. was very helpful, she helped me pick out the best scented candle and carefully wrapped it up for me in that special Jo Malone way complete with black grosgrain ribbon and black tissue paper.  Another highlight of the store for me was the handbags dept.  Oh my.  So many wonderful styles and brands.  I could spend hours there just touching and feeling the merchandise.  Oh, and the David Yurman jewelery is amazing.  I love this store!
5	They really have done a spectacular job with the remodel- they put the luxury back into luxury shopping. The handbag arcade looks so fresh and elegant! I like the cosmetics expansion, and I also dig the mega-mega jewelry section. If I could only figure out how to make a few boatloads of cash to purchase some of these wonderfully marketed objects, it would surely be retail heaven.
4	I like Saks, always have. Shopped Saks as a kid, being an odd little kid who refused to go to school unless I was wearing a suit. I like the building, the feel is what I remember from my youth. The men's clothes are as Thomas said, very conservative. I would just say boring. But yet I enjoy looking at it all. I do not know if they still do or not; but we used to get diamond studded dog collars in the fine jewelry. Hmmm I wonder where those are.
4	Beautifully remodeled store! It's Saks, so obviously they have very upscale merchandise. They carry the best of the best designers...BUT-b/c Saks at the Biltmore is such a small store, they don't get a lot of the merchandise selection as their other locations. So, it's good to go online, and check out the selection prior to going to the store to see what is available. Also, be sure to speak to a salesperson to see if they can locate what you are looking for at one of their larger stores. For example, there was a Gucci handbag I was looking for...I know Saks was going to carry it, but it wasn't on display, simply b/c they do not have the physical space. So do your homework before you shop if you want something specific, and get the "most coveted" things at the beginning of the season, before they sell out! Also they have the best sunglasses dpt of any major dpt store!
2	Went to Saks over the summer couldnt get help from anyone yet it wasnt busy. If you dont look like a million bucks dont run inside here! They wouldnt throw fire on your burning body!
4	This is a beautiful store! It is small, but it is like a little jewel box. The service is friendly and the selections are really nice - lots of great DVF and marc. The beauty area is lovely and the perfume counter is amazing. It is small, but, for once, the people working the counter actually know a lot about fragrances! For a perfume junkie like me, this is so much better than the usual perfume counter experience!The alterations department is also great. I am a short girl, so it is always important to know about this kinda stuff. They actually altered my wedding dress, which was a designer dress from another Saks location, and did a great job creating a train and taking it in - all in one fitting (I was a bit late...). And, the shoe and handbag departments are like candyland. total fantasy!!! it was all i could do to keep from grabbing something and running like hell... :o)
5	This review is for the Giorgio Armani Beauty counter at Saks Fifth Avenue... specifically, this review is for "Face Designer," Lindsay.My wedding planner suggested I call Lindsay when I told her I needed someone that could do a 'natural' look... As some of you know, Jared (my fiance) hates me in makeup, so finding someone that can do makeup that he actually doesn't complain about is challenging.  But guess what?  Lindsay did it!She gave me a very natural looking sun-kissed look and I felt beautiful all day and night... and Jared liked it too.  I've already reserved Lindsay for the big day, but I'm sure she'll be my go-to face designer anytime I'm in need...If you are looking to get your make-up done, or are in need of a good product, give Lindsay a call... you will not be disappointed!
4	This Saks store is one of the 'prettier' ones.. Love the makeup section.. the shoe departments... I go here for my Rock & Republics...I just like the setup better .. easy to find your size, in other words... I do not like the sales staff in that department though... Ive had a couple of experiences and they could use a bit of know how in the personalizing and customer service department... But I think for the most part...Saks rates high on the mark.
5	This store is gorgeous. Clean, nicely laid out, you can see everything, and the people they hire in the departments know their stuff. All employees are friendly and attentive and they treat you like gold. Products are of the highest quality and all the name brands are top-of-the-line. Of course, you get what you pay for.
3	Great customer service which is not as pushy as Neiman Marcus. Love the cosmetic and purses here. I think the show selection should be much larger and have a wider variety. Saks does have great sales and promotions. A cosmetic promotion just ended where you got a tote bag with samples inside if you spend at least $75. At Neimans their cosmetic gifts require a $100 purchase, but tend to have more samples, but less attractive bags. Saks is in a great location at the heart of the Biltmore. Go forth and spend money!
1	Horrible customer svc. Now i shop at Neiman. Bye Saks
5	I don't wear a lot of make-up, but it seems Saks has become my go-to place in town when I do need a little somethin-somethin to make me feel pretty.I met my mom and Aunt Marcy at the Biltmore Fashion Park over the weekend and we ended up wandering into SFA since they had a Laura Mercier counter.  Aunt Marcy is obsessed with a special tinted Laura Mercier moisturizer with SPF 20... my Cousin Megan turned her on to it.  And now, my mom and I are both hooked too!Lillian at the NARS counter walked over to help us and couldn't have been nicer or more knowledgeable about all of the make-up lines that Saks carries.  She sold us all a little something and I guarantee that the next time I'm in need of some make-up, moisturizer, etc... I'll head right over to see Lillian!
5	Saks Fifth Avenue is fabulous when it comes to their make-up dept. They have everything you could imagine. Samples of everything you would like to try.  They will bring you a mini bottle of water when you come in,so you may shop in comfort. The ladies will call you when ever there may be something you are interested in  in the store. Give aways, make overs, Etc.  They have covered parking. Will help you to the car with your purchases in needed. They will even wrap a gift in a gift box and a beautiful white ribbon, Red at Christmas time. fabulous shopping experience. Oh and you can even bring you dog as long as he is leashed or in  a bag.
5	I have gone to this store for their.handbags...i have gotten a few from here...the women in the louis vuitton area were awesome and so friendly...i have come in and bought nothing and had just worked out and they were still so friendly...i have bought three items from louis vuitton area and they were so helpful and not over the top...the women in the fendi area were very nice too...i love the nice cards they send! I wish i could shop here all the time but i cannot afford it...one day...until then this place will be my special treat every now and then...
5	I have a shopping problem. Really, I do. I blame Saks for my credit card woes, but also credit them to my closet of couture. Shopping at Saks is just an experience. The golden doors, the scent of new merchandise when you walk in the door, the suited employees who enjoy informing customers on what they can't afford to buy, (but do anyway). Every time I come here, it's a bank-breaking, lovely experience. The customer service is always top notch, but sometimes you have to find the sales associate. I forget her name, but at the Louis Vuitton booth, the woman there is fantastic. And they have a better selection than the actual LV booth at Fashion Square. Come to Saks, to reach your credit limit, and reach an entirely new wardrobe.
5	Clean, great customer service, great quality. Expensive as all hell but you get the best one can buy.
1	Service-Brand disconnect @Biltmore. Others have commented on the beauty and layout of this store, it's true: very nice. But recent experience not so great. Went in to buy a beautiful Chan Luu scarf in orange I saw a week ago. Couldn't stop thinking about it: a good sign I should buy it. It was gone. Seeing my disappointment, the sales woman offered to get it from another store. Perfect. She took me back to the "behind the wall" scruffy service area (wow, Saks, might need a paint job back there if you intend customers to see it), and proceeded to take my address info and credit card. At the end of the transaction, I asked her if she was sure she ordered the orange scarf. She assured me yes, although could not show me on the order that it was indeed the orange one. "Well, it has to be the one they call 'melon.' There really was no other option." Hmmm. Then, I noticed a $15 "ground" charge. This was a shock. "I'm paying $15 in shipping?" I asked. "Yes, unless you use your Saks card, you pay shipping." A) You've got to be kidding me, I would have gone down to Scottsdale Fashion Mall myself. B) You assess this charge without even letting a customer know that would be the case? C) $15 to ship a wispy scarf?  Not your best, Saks. Definitely a brand disconnect from a customer experience view.
5	I heart all that Saks has. They ALWAYS have my jeans be it Hudsons, Joe's, 7's or Michael Stars. They always have my makeup of Chanel, Clarins or Dior. WELL, now they have my new favorite parfum, Jo Malone. NOT only that, they have a 'parfum' table set just for JMalone and so many, SO many good choices. Ha! Even I learned there is more than one JMalone. I can't deny loving the fact that my new fav smell is unisex and not too girly. AND hard to find. Since this is about Saks and not JMalone. I will get back to the review at hand! Saks 5th always has what you need and yep, it probably comes with a price tag. Premium brands usually do and as I was brought up, you get what you pay for. The staff here at Saks, well, I would make them all smile every second and not bug in certain areas, such as parfums and makeup. Yet have them at least approach you all happy, glorious and bounding with energy in others. But let's face it. The service industry in a shaky economy does not come with that. Go to Saks knowing you get what you want usually in terms of Chanel, S Weitzmann, premium brands.  As Coco Chanel quoted, " The best things in life are free; The second best are very expensive".
5	Saks is a great store and the Louis Vuitton booth inside is even better! Every time I have been in there I have always had great customer service, always felt very welcomed even if i was just stopping by to take a look. Suzie Johnson in particular is one of the sales associates there, she is very knowledgable and knows all about their selection of handbags. She always has a smile on her face and also very presentable. Thank you for making me feel so welcome :)
5	I absolutely love shopping at Saks 5th Ave in Phoenix!  Kourosh in the ladies shoe department is one of the best client service representatives I have ever had.  He really takes the time to understand the client, make sure you have a shoe that fits your taste, style and ability - I say ability because I once tried on a really high pair of  heels and almost rolled my ankle standing up and Kourosh was right there to catch me, sit me down,  and then insisted on a different style for me :)  I have always left the store satisfied with my purchases and service. As well the follow up from Kourosh with emails to make sure that I am satisfied has gone well and above my expectations.  I live in Canada and I only buy my Louboutin's and other fine shoes from Kourosh as he truly respects and treats his clients like gold.  One time I showed him a picture of a style of shoes I had seen on line and he searched high and low to find them keeping me in the loop and updated the whole time.He makes you feel very welcome, and I highly recommend shopping with him.
4	This Saks location has to be my personal favorite for their service style. Everyone is friendly, they great you, they often offer you a water bottle, however they let you wander if you tell them your just looking, and check on you sporadically but never smother. Also they have the best makeup counter service of any store in the valley, period. My favorite is the YSL and Dior shared counter. Those ladies and gentleman are the best at telling you about their lines as well as other alternatives. For example on my last visit they showed me their concealer and ran to the Nars counter to show me one with more coverage. Which is what I was looking for. The only reason I didn't give this place 5 stars is because shoe sales rack has really dwindled in size over the last year or two. Other than that, this place is fantastic.
5	High end department stores, always seem to have employees that are not so friendly. Walking through the store, almost every employee said, Hello or asked how I was. I was not dressed up at all, that's the ultimate test. I received excellent service in the intimate department. The saleswoman was so friendly and professional. She went above and beyond to help me. I was highly impressed with the staff and the overall organization of the store. It's nice customer service isn't lacking everywhere.
2	I'm usually a huge fan of Saks, great customer service, but this wasn't the case last night.  I was at the Biltmore for a Yelp Elite Event and I was early, so I was going to grab a few things from Saks that I needed.  I went to the counter and the salesperson was on the phone, so I waited patiently for a few minutes and when I got the sense that she wasn't going to finish her call anytime soon I decided to go elsewhere.  She told me to wait and I told her it was OK, I had waited long enough and would come back another time.  She ended her call and hollered at me from the counter.  That was just odd because this isn't a place that usually yells for customers to come back.  They might follow you around to help if needed, but if she wanted to get my attention she could have walked up to me.  Yelling at me to come back isn't going to work.  I purchased the items I needed from another location.
4	I purchased a David Yurman ring from a really friendly sales person by the name of Eiko last week. She was extremely professional and answered all of my questions.  The jewelry store was pretty empty and I actually was just passing through to get to the shoe department but stopped to window shop.  When I was asking which ring would look better on me, Eiko called her colleague over, Layla, to ask her opinion also.  They were quite friendly and if they are on commission, you would never know it.  I'm happy with my purchase and would definitely go back there again for my David Yurman goods.
5	I went in looking to find nice fragrances for my husband and I.  I was helped immediately with friendly and knowledgeable associates Ramona in Jo Malone and Tina the Chanel brand manager.  They helped me try several men's and women's fragrances in order to find the perfect one.  I also loved that they threw in some samples to try other fragrances for mixing with the Jo Malone or for winter for my husband.  I felt very at ease while shopping and seeing the huge jewelry department only tempts me more!  Also I saw some yummy Marc Jacobs candles while checking out...
5	I love Saks, I went into the shoe store when in was in NYC which hasit's own zip code. I bought some basic black Gucci pumps and I still love them. Last time I was in Saks on Camelback in Phoenix, I went to the Chanel counter to get a bag fixed and everyone was so helpful. I wandered around the store and as  I stepped in to the shoe department, Kourosh asked if he could help me. He is  very knowlegable about the inventory.  He showed me some beautiful shoes and was so patient as I tried on several pair. He has a great eye for style. I would highly recommend that you ask for him if you know exactly what shoes you want, and especially if you don't, so he can help you find your style.
5	I had the pleasure of having THE BEST experience in customer service and it happened to be at Saks Fifth Avenue Biltmore. I shopped at Jo Malone with Ramona who was a sweetheart. She was kind, professional, and did not stop helping me until she was sure that the scents we had chosen were exactly what we wanted. After the purchase, she asked if she could help us with anything else. I mentioned I was looking for a dress and she quickly took my upstairs. She listened to what I wanted and walked with me to choose all the dresses that fit my description. She stood outside my fitting room to give me her professional opinion on each dress and after two hours it was decided that the best dress was one we had to order a smaller size for. I expressed to her that I needed the dress quickly because I was leaving the country for an event (which I would wear that dress to). She proceeded to locating the LAST dress and shipping it out to the store so I could try it on. The next day I received a call from Ramona following up assuring me it had been shipped and she would notify me when she received it. The day after she called me and let me know that the dress was going to arrive late. She then called fedex and found out it would arrive on time to the facility but wouldn't be shipped out. She told me not to worry and that she would pick up the dress herself from fedex and take it to the store. I have the dress with me now and I am catching my plane shortly. This experience was incredible. Ramona went above and beyond to be sure that not only I found the dress I wanted, but that I had the dress I needed right on time. Her dedication to her job speaks very highly of her and of Saks. She was professional and extremely kind. I wish all Saks stores are as fortunate as this one to have an employee like her.
5	Like every high end department storeSaks delivers great customer service As well as great productsToday Matt was very helpful in the mens clothing sectionHe even offered some great styling advice which saved me from getting a jacket that was "too old" for meAlso, Betty, was very helpful in the purse departmentThe associates in LV, Chanel, Gucci, and Fendi are also very friendly and helpfulOnly downside is sometimes they don't have my size, but they always offer to order anything for you to be shipped A good convenience
1	Personally if I am shopping somewhere as high end as Saks Fifth Avenue where they cater to a higher end clientele I think I deserve good customer service. I came by here today to return a shirt that I had bought recently and received major attitude by the gentleman who helped me. He treated me as though I was an inconvenience to him. I then proceeded to go upstairs to purchase some jeans and the sales guy was rude and made me feel the same way! Horrible and seriously unacceptable and I don't plan on shopping here in the future and you shouldn't either.
5	Amazing service. High end, clean, modern. Very friendly staff. Helpful with advice and extremely professional.Louis Vutton service was Perfect.
3	Wonderful store with great high end options. However, I refuse to spend money somewhere I receive poor service. I should not have to get fancy just so I can go purchase something and be helped by a store associate.
5	I'm a LV lover and with the prices so high I am so picky! I've met the nicest most helpful sales associate.  Her name is Carrie.  She's always helpful and is very patient with me.  She's one woman you can call that will go the extra mile in customer service for you!  I love talking and having her help me.  I purchased my Monogram Pallas in black and she was was very helpful.  It took me almost 3 weeks going back and forth to the store to make my decision.  My experience here has been awesome!  I've purchased two bags so far from this location.  I've gotten my wallet hot stamped and it came out great!Thanks for hiring Carrie!  I'd recommend her to everyone heading to this location LV!!!!
3	Service is helpful, but selection of men's merchandise is quite limited.  I usually compare jewelry between Needless Mark Up and here as the quality is best.  Problem is that Saks has 1 modest sized jewelry case.  Men's clothing seems to be geared to an older market.  Cologne selection is not bad, but better off elsewhere.
5	Ok, so I went to buy make up and had an exceptional experience by the lady at the Armani counter. I wanted a different foundation for summer, I explained I was heading to a destination wedding in Hawaii and wanted long wear but light foundation. She immediately knew what I meant, she also suggested I take a sample size of a shad darker in case I get a tan. She also gave me a sample of a bronze light reflecting serum, and thankfully showed me how to apply it. She explained how it would show up in the pictures, and was 100% right. I ended up using it again a weeks later for another friend's engagement party, and shared it with my friend. We loved the effect in the pictures. It made us look like we had a bronze glow. We even applied it to our chest and shoulders.
5	I came to Saks to buy my LV Eva clutch.  Great customer service as always.  The ladies at the LV in Saks really go above and beyond for their customers!  Thank you!I stopped at the YSL makeup counter.  If you ever need makeup advice or your makeup done please see Brian!  He's very knowledgable and helpful in finding the right shades for your skin tone.  I'm hooked on the YSL lip stains!  Thanks Brian for making me feel beautiful!  ;). I will be back!!!
1	Horrible quality and costumer service.  Bought a wallet from them, they were all nice at first but after I bought it and came back to show them some defects with my wallet they smiled at me and told me I'm pretty much out of luck.  Will never go back.
5	I couldn't pass up going to Saks Fifth Avenue's after all we were there for the Saks Fifth Avenue's Day Parade. I would have loved to have had more time to shop but had kids and friends with doesn't mix with good shopping time. We actually went in to see if we could see Phoenix I believe the day before Thanksgiving and they said it would not be open until the next week. That was disappointing. I think they should open it that week since many people come for the parade. I would go back though and can't wait to do so. If you use the elevator it is very slow but there are escalators available for the many floors of shopping.
5	How great is a store that makes you feel so welcome when you walk in the door!  The sales lady (Betty I think) came right over to us yesterday and offered us snacks and waters for the kids.
2	This is just an unreal experience so I have to share.So I needed a Gucci garment bag, I know Saks has a mini boutique so I went over.Now, I walk into the little boutique area, and come face to face with like 5 employee's all staring at me like a deer in the headlights. OK, that was odd.Next, a young lady walks up...Can I help you?.... Yes, looking for a garment bag.... This is where it goes weird.She says they have them, but not for sale. Now I am the deer in the headlights look. So why would you have them, but don't sell them? OddShe next says, would you like to see one? Now, this is the odd part. I say sure, I would like to hold it and not buy it. She proceeds top walk like she is getting it. Obviously missed my joke.I follow, but after like 15 steps, as she is leaving the Gucci boutique, I do mention, I wanted a "Gucci" garment bag.She then stops and says " Oh, we only have the plastic ones that we give you when you buy a shirt. I stand speechless......She is like a deer io the head lights look again....I say, so why would I come over into the Gucci boutique, if I only wanted to "hold" a plastic cheap shirt cover?She is still confused....So I leave and go to the Fashion Square Gucci store and buy one.This whole 10 minutes was so surreal, simply blows my mind. I mean why would I go to the boutique, and ask for a "not for sale" plastic bag? and only want to hold it for a few minutes?Unreal, I bet she has a medical marijuana card.
1	Worst possible customer service experience at LV.  Terrible sales associates.  DO NOT waste your time.  Go to the  Scottsdale location.
1	I am writing this review to help LV buyers to think before spending thousand of dollars for a Louis Vutton bags. Sure, Its a classy & beautiful bag, but is it worth it? Ever since I was a little girl I have always admired LV bags until this incident. Before you buy this bag, make sure 100% that this is the bag you really want.. I received a beautiful LV bag for christmas. I was excited and used it to go to the store for about 15min. I decided that I do not want such an expensive bag.  I repacked everything and gently put it in the box. The bag was purchased on Dec 23. After christmas I went to the store to return it. I was greeted by 2 sa, then she looked at my receipts. Then another sa inspected the bag. He asked if I used the bag? I was honest, I said I did but for only 15min. He replied " unfortunately because you used it all sales are final". At that, the other sa put my receipts down and walked away without a word. I was shocked, I could not believe it! The reciepts stated that I have 14 days to return. What can we do? I dont want this to happen to anyone. I have totally lost my desire to own any of this bags.Lesson learned, I will never ever walk in to the LV store again. So hopefully my review helped.Below is the link for horrific LV customer complaints and they keep on coming!http://louis-vuitton.pissedconsumer.comhttp://www.consumeraffairs.com/retail/louis_vuitton.html
5	I always have a fantastic experience with the staff.  I seriously feel spoiled with attention!  On my last visit, my first stop was at the Nars counter.  The gentleman that assisted me helped me to pick out products that were best for me and showed me how to use their handmade brushes so I would get the best use out of them!After I gotten all my beauty products taken care of, my next objective was to find a gift for my Aunt.  I caught the attention of a sales associate named Lulu.  Lulu is an angel!  She stayed with me throughout the course of my search for the perfect item.  We went to practically every department trying on and testing out products.  We went through sunglasses, scarves, perfumes, bags and she never left my side.  Mind you, I had told her how important this purchase was to me since my favorite Aunt was turning 50.  It had to be perfect!  I finally decided on a Louis Vuitton handbag.  It was a splurge, yes, but I was thrilled with my purchase and it was nice to talk through my shopping thought process with someone who listened!  After my shopping was all done, Lulu offered me a Perrier.  A perfect end to a five-star shopping experience!
