2	Regularly mess up your order.  Far too often ask you to pull around and forget to bring out food. One good note: Ralph in drive thru is the nicest senior citizen I've ever met!
1	The manager of this establishment has in inability to handle complaints, maintenance issues regarding the coffee machine, and counting money correctly. This is the 4th time I have had issues with my coffee order, 1st time: they just forgot to make it; 2nd time made incorrectly: 3rd time the wrong drink was made all together.... And this time: no coffee added to the order. The same manager handled the situation each time not in a timely manner whats so ever.
2	I have been to better fast food joints. They have a TV in the main part of the resturaunt and its always on ESPN!!! Blech!!  Who wants to watch sports all the time!The salads are never fresh! The lettuce is frozen and the tomatoes are sometimes rotten. The other thing is there are some very disruptive kids and teens who come in and talk really loud and sometimes use obscene words and leave the tables they sat at a mess. The kids think that this some kind of a free hang out joint the management either doesnt notice or doesnt care! I come here all the time for quiet and I get it sometimes but then there are the time that the outdated 50's music is too loud and kids are screaming and yelling in the playplace. Tables are not cleaned consistently and the trash is sometimes overflowing. I really liked this McDonalds but since the owners and management dont seem to care about customers I can only say that I will be finding somewhere else to go to eat, relax and use my laptop (free wi fi). The free wi fi is about the only good thing about this Mickey D's besides the nice guy at the drive thru named Ralph.I'll check out Starbucks and see what they have to offer by way of peace, quiet, and wi fi!  Sheez!  What an embarassment! (in the words of Chef Gordon Ramsay)
1	Today I ordered a large vanilla cone and paid for it the person at the counter  said "That'll be right up for you." Well it wasn't right up and I waited for 20 minutes before they finally got around to making it for me. Another time a couple years ago i ordered an ice cream cone and the boy who was working behind the counter made the cone and set it on top the ice cream machine and let it melt. when I asked why my cone was sitting there melting he said very rudely, " oh i forgot i made it. here you go." he said and handed me the cone. "I don't want the melted cone!" I said. I was furious and even more so when I had to argue with him that he owed me a new, fresh cone. What an embarassment! C'mon McDonalds, get your stuff together!!
1	I was sitting quietly using my laptop when two men came in a asked me if i owned a white SUV outside in the parking lot. A lady came out of the playplace and started out the door the men started yelling at the lady i dont know why. The men threatened to call the police and the lady in front of her kids used very obscene words loudly, such rudeness!I think that those people should have escorted out of the place and the police shouldve been called.
1	there were some kids here today who were  talking about very innappriate subjects and are not even customers. there are some kids nearby who were listening to this crap. why are the kids allowed tocome in here?
1	I think this McD's is OK, but I think it could be updated a little. The TV in the main dining area is always on ESPN.  They need self serve drinks, they need a better, cleaner newer play place. I would bring my niece and nephew here, the playground is never clean and its always too noisy! Plus bigger kids come in and play (13-17 yrs. old) and I know that the little kids always clear out of the play ground because they are so scared.I like the WiFi and I like to come here,  but I just think it could be a little more modern you know and maybe they could turn the music down a bit! I also think they should ask those annoying teenagers that use bad language and don't buy anything to leave and stop messing up the tables and leaving them that way.
1	I was here last night(9-2-12) with my neice and nephew, they in the play place and were watching a movie. My neice was playin the play place tubes and some stupid big guy shook the tubes by holding on to part of the play equipment thet sticks out. He shook it for about 5 minutes or so. I was calling my neice to see where she was, she didnt anwer so I sent my nephew up to find her, he couldnt find her. Finally she came down and told me that when the play place was being shaken and she hit her head and became dizzy. I was not feeling good and I had to keep an eye out for my nephew so without thinking I did not report it to the manager. (I should have I know)Just a warning to all unsuspecting parents and caregivers who come to a play place expecting a safe place to play, beware of idiots who do stupid things like shake the play place equipment!I hope that the owners and manager read this because something needs to be doneto keep the children who play here safe!
5	This place has the fastest drive thru!
2	Today I came here like usual to use the free WiFi and get a large drink. I always sit in the area by the restrooms and the TV because there is an outlet there. The TV seems to be stuck on a channel selling jewelry! I like this McDonald's I guess but it could be modernized a bit. It needs updating a lot! In the ladies room there is currently only one stall open. the other one is locked there is no handle on the door. Imagine that!I think I''ll wait awhile before I come back here because maybe by then it will be updated!
5	Very friendly staff and decent food. Lots of kids in the play place. Pretty nice Mcdonalds.
1	During the day this place is acceptable, just to be served by a great guy named Ralph. He is a very cool senior with such a big heart.The reason for the one star is that the service is so bad. If you are in a hurry go to the drive thru, that is where they focus their attention and pretty much ignore the guests in the lobby. However, you will get your food fast, just accept the fact that your order might be wrong.This McDonald's is very close to our house and we sometimes stop in late night to get ice cream from the drive through. The service at night is beyond bad. They always have a difficult time giving back the correct change, the orders are wrong. The one thing that really stands out is the way they shove your food order at you in the drive through. We like the ice cream cones, you would think that if I am in the drive thru in my truck and I order ice cream, that you might want to take a little bit of care in making the cone. Like clock work, they start handing me ice cream cones ( shoving at me is more like it) the cones are dripping and the ice cream is falling off the cone. I really don't want melted ice cream spilled all over, I asked for a napkin, the girl replied "there is paper around the cone" For some reason, I keep thinking the service will be better at night, it never is.If you want some late night entertainment, go though the drive thru at night. You must bring your sense of humor,Don't say, I didn't warn you.
4	I am so happy that a previous reviewer mentioned Ralph by name, because I didn't know his name but he is inspiring this review. Please keep in mind that I only go to mcdonalds a) in the morning and b) through the drive-through. The food is consistent because that's what McD does. This store doesn't mess up my order as frequently as others have. It's quick. And Ralph. Ralph is always there at the drive through, he takes your money. He is so kind that it's confusing, and he has on more than one occasion told us "Good job!" handing back our debit card. I don't know wtf we did a good job about but it's probably the first and only time you will hear that in your workday. Thanks Ralph, good job too.
4	It's a McDonalds, being consistently McDonalds.  If you've ever been to McD's, you know that they all taste exactly the same (I mean that in a good way).I would have given it 3 stars but there's this really nice lady at the window that I see all the time and she always asks how my day is.I like that lady.  Four stars for you.
1	This is probably the worst McDonald's in the east valley. They close the play area early (7:00 sometimes). They ignore you when you're standing at the register. A simple "be right with you" would be a god send. A smile from an employee would be earth shattering. It feels like purgatory for these people. I feel like I'm bothering them just ordering something. I've read other reviews about the morning/day time shift so this only applies to the evening. It's often a bit dirty to boot. Unfortunately my kids love the ice cream and play area (when open) so I keep going back. Eventually they'll grow up and I went have to go.
1	It is sooooo cold in the dining room... its cold enough outside... for crying out lout turn up the heat!!!!
4	This post and 4-star rating is solely for the older gentleman (wears a black, long-sleeve shirt under his uniform) that I always see working in the morning at the drive-thru window. He is one of the most kind-hearted and respectful person I have ever met at a fast food establishment (or any business for that matter). He always has a warm greeting every morning with a sincere smile on his face. This man is the kind of employee McDonald's should be looking to hire and promote. As for a review on this McDonald's location in general, I would give it an average, 3-star rating. It is certainly cleaner than most locations I've seen and the service left me with no complaints. 5-stars for the older gentleman working in the morning drive-thru.3-stars for the McDonald's establishment.
