5	Good deals, decent produce and friendly employees. They could use a couple more self checkout lanes sometimes but it's usually not too bad. What else could you want?
4	This is a great place, but interesting at the same time.. why? Because it's across the street from a Fry's Marketplace.  I love this place because it's the Fry's when you need to run in and out in a hurry.  Today I went and all the cashiers were dressed up for Halloween.  Very cool.Love the deals here and while this is not the fancy dancy Fry's Marketplace, they still have all the great deals.But when I do my major grocery shopping.. I still go to the big one.. heh.
2	This is a last resort store now.We've been shopping here off and on for several years... and since the remodel it's almost impossible to navigate the store.Their re-model made the aisles much smaller than they were before.  Now you can only fit 2 carts next to each other at a max. There are tons of stacks of random food/items in each aisle - another thing to avoid hitting.  This Fry's is always out of so many things: organic milk, organic produce, cheese and the selection changes it seems weekly. I think they now carry less than they did before the remodel and now they just have larger quantities of certain items.  5 rows of ketchup in 3 different size but no Ken's sun-dried tomato salad dressing...?Also they re-modeled the produce area... again... and now it's harder to find items, bags and where the labels are with pricing etc. That and they got rid of the nice greeter who was there for years. I mean, you're doing poorly so instead of listening to your customers about why they don't shop here anymore they fire the greeters? Logical.. obviously. Since it's 'hit or miss' with this store I've been shopping a lot elsewhere where I know they will have certain staple foods(milk) in stock. That and the crowd... I'm not sure if it's because it's a Fry's or Kroger but sometime when I'm here I feel like I'm in a Walmart. I understand if you just got out of the pool and are stopping by for a quick item or two... but put pants and a shirt on first.
