5	I've been a Hunt Club member for just under a year now and have nothing but awesome things to say about Frank and Oak. It's really the complete solution for men that don't have time to shop but still want to look good. I would recommend F/O to pretty much anyone! Great product, great prices and great people.
5	I have been a Frank & Oak Hunt Club member for over a year  - they have incredible customer service, their website is informative and easy to use ... and most importantly, their products are high quality. I have ordered things and returned them easily with no issues - Not sure why others have had problems, I have had nothing but great service.  This is a newer business so there may have been startup glitches, but none have impacted me  - and I have had multiple returns - so I believe they must work the kinks out quickly.  The return process from  my perspective has always been seamless. The print label function always worked for me and it could not have been any easier for me to return items for refund.Product quality has been consistent and I have especially liked that It has been easy to purchase items that all coordinate well together due to the way their site is organized.  I highly recommend them.
5	These guys are the real deal! They keep me always looking fresh with their tailored slim fit clothing. Great quality and a phenomenal fit. I can't speak highly enough about their customer service as well. Overall, just a pleasure to work with.Thanks Frank & Oak!
5	It doesn't get better for this. Awesome clothes at a great price with the ability to try them on before buying. Highly recommended if they fit your style.
5	I've been ordering clothes from Frank & Oak for the better part of a year now and am also a Hunt Club member. The value of the clothes here are amazing: great fabrics, great styles, great construction, ridiculous prices! Customer service has always been highly professional, friendly, modern and swift.For example, my first purchase was a wool sport coat. It stayed in my closet for a couple months because I wanted to get it tailored, so I never had a chance to wear it. Gradually I realized the reason it needed so much tailoring was because I had slimmed down and the sport coat was just too big for me! I reached out to member services and they sent me a replacement as soon as they had a return in my size--months after the product had disappeared from their catalogue.I have interacted with their customer service via email, Twitter and Facebook and always receive a prompt response. Their Hunt Club allows me to try on their clothes without a commitment to purchase and a full refund for everything I send back--and the postage is paid by them! I cannot recommend Frank & Oak enough.
5	I've been a Hunt Club member for almost a year. I can't help but treat myself to some F&O threads every month. Every month there's something new that pulls you back in. I've been growing my wardrobe by buying at least one shirt a month! Whenever I've had to deal with customer service, it's been great. They are a bunch of nice people who very much care about menswear.
5	I've been a Frank & Oak member since the second month it started and it's quality of clothing and service is unmatched i.e delivery time, hunt club, at home try on etc. And the best part is that their stuff is one of a kind so you never end up wearing the same stuff as someone else. Plus you get to support your local brand!
5	Speaking as someone who is tall and slender-6'2" and 180, I'm lean and fit-It's hard to find clothes with the right cut. I've worn Banana Republic, Express and Charles Thyrwhitt. Frank & Oak comes the closest to matching my body type. PLUS, They're reasonably priced. I'ld rather get something unique through Frank & Oak, then wear the next mall fad.
5	Been a hunt club member since Frank and Oak was in beta.I get something once a month, average 2 items a month.Best thing about this line is their customer service. It's above anything else I've ever bought from.Their line is constantly changing but all fits together. I can mix and match anything and everything I've bought from them. Their lookbooks is something I get excited about every month.I've referred plenty of friends and still do. I get credit every time and since I'm a hunt club member, I also receive credit on anything I buy from their store. Truly keeping me a customer over here.I can now proudly say I own a couple of blazers thanks for Frank and Oak and wear them frequently.Overall, thanks to Frank and Oak, my young professional wardrobe is always being updated.Check them out on Instagram as well, always some sort of contest and their soundcloud account, great mixes.
5	Frank&Oak and I have been good friends since I found them through Modasuite launched F&O. I've been a Hunt Club member since then as well. Being able to try on clothes at home that I never had to take the time and go to the store to get was the key for me. Saves me time and lets me try on things at home with my other wardrobe pieces. Best of all, what I don't want, I send right back! The prices have been great, starting with under $50 products, but now the line has expanded to blazers and pants and jackets that can go above that price range. I have yet to try out the jackets (have a vest in the mail now), but the blazers have fit well, though needing a little tapering of the sleeves to show your cuffs (at least on my arms). Pants fit me pretty well 32x32, with just a bit of extra room in the crotch area. Otherwise, super comfortable. My favorite pieces from F&O are the shirts. They fit me extremely well and I always get compliments on em. I'm a huge gingham fan and there is no short supply of gingham with F&O. I've even picked up some ties which have gone well when I do need to meet patients and dress accordingly. Overall, an amazing store that I will continue to shop at while in medical school (however buying less to go with the times), and will continue to recommend to friends that want to step up their style game. The customer service is great, with 8% credit back on Hunt Club purchases, and I have never, ever paid for shipping. On top of it all, easy returns!Make sure you join the Hunt Club - there is no better way to know if you should buy something then to be able to see exactly what you have in your closet to go with it!
4	Great suits, at great quality. For the bad reviews bellow, every store had good and bad quality and most of the time yo get what you pay for.
1	This place is awful.  Horrible customer service.  For example they give "Credits" instead of refunds.  Then when you try to spend said "Credit" they put your order in "Processing" for three weeks with zero communication (all items were marked in stock which is a miracle because most are usually not in stock).  Then when you call they tell you to email them again if you don't see your order has shipped in the next few days.I suspect Frank and his buddy will be out of work soon.  In the meantime I would recommend you avoid them.  And by the way, judging by my first order (which had to be returned due to sizes that don't compare to any other clothing manufacturer) the quality seems to be equivalent to say an Old Navy.
1	I have been receiving spoofed email spam advertisements for this company's website.  sending spoof e-mail is reprehensible.
1	I'd never heard of Frank and Oak (I live in Vancouver), but I received their catalog in the mail.  It was a beautiful catalog, and the few items they showed looked nice and seemed well priced, so I headed over to their web site.In order to even browse their site I had to set up an account, odd, as most e-tailers don't require an account until you're ready to buy (and some don't require it at all).  Oh well, I thought, and set up an account.Next, the site asked me to enter my email PASSWORD so they could import all my contacts.Import my contacts?  Just to browse?  Are you frikkin' KIDDING me?!?I immediately lumped Frank and Oak in with every scammy spammy direct-marketing company I've had the misfortune to interact with.  I just want to look at shirts, not sign up for a timeshare.I closed the browser and tossed the catalog in the recycle bin.  What a waste of time, money and natural resources for all concerned.Frank and Oak - Get back to me when you understand how e-tailing is done in 2013.
2	I quite like their style and their aesthetic. I think their quality is pretty good for the money as well. The clothes fit well and I look good in them :). However, their customer service is extremely spotty. Responses to emails take days, usually with an apology about how busy they are (which I get, but it's kind of their problem not the customer's). Shipments of clothes take forever--10-14 days to the U.S. Their Hunt Club service is interesting, but kind of exhausting to keep up with. The website has technical issues (Hunt Club page keeps booting me into a print out page for a past order return), as does their app (including mispelled and missing words in the Terms & Conditions for Hunt Club that I think would pretty well void whatever they're trying to cover). It may be the classic scenario of the owners having a terrific vision, but they don't understand how to value customer service. I hope they can address their issues, because I really like their clothes and I really like being able to shop online. I also hope that I get to change my rating when I have better experiences from them.
1	I don't normally write reviews unless I'm extremely happy or extremely dissatisfied. Well, Frank & Oak has fallen into the extremely dissatisfied end of the spectrum. I signed up for Frank & Oak and became a member of their "Hunt Club" so I could try on some of the clothes without being charged.......or so I thought. What they don't make clear is that if you don't take advantage of the Hunt Club benefits each month they take out $45 from your account and make it a store credit. Okay, not the end of the world right? Wrong. After realizing my mistake in not reading the fine print I tried to delete me debit card to prevent this from happening in the future which proved to be a task in and of itself. You can't delete your card online, you have to call their customer service number. So, I called; it rang twice then disconnected. I called again; rang twice then disconnected. I called and called and called only to have this happen over and over again. I COULDN'T EVEN GET TO A REAL PERSON. I sent them a very nice email expressing my frustration and anger and never got a response. So, I went to bank, cancelled my debit card and got a new one. Now I'm left with a $45 store credit that I never wanted, can't reverse and can't cancel. I will NEVER deal with these idiots again.tldr; - they charge your card $45/month if you don't use their service        - they make it impossible to delete card so you won't get charged again        - call customer service, get disconnected every time
1	NOTE:  I can't believe there are even 3 stars (let alone 4 or 5 stars) for this crappy company. I really wanted to like F&O as I like to help small businesses. However, I find the quality of their clothes to be extremely poorly made. But, I am willing to give them slack if they can remedy the return process within reason. But, returning the items proved to be a worse experience than receiving the shoddy product.  I returned the item (and it showed as delivered via FedEx) and now it's been two weeks without receiving a credit. I have emailed them 3x without a response. I tried calling, and have been put on hold for 20 minutes. They say they will call you back, and they don't. I am going to give it another week, and then I am relegated to contact my credit card company to get the charged reversed. Frankly and sadly, this should not come down to this...AVOID FRANK &OAK!
1	I really wanted to like Frank & Oak. I noticed their advertisements several times and finally made a purchase before starting a new job. My experience was awful. I've never been this mistreated by ANY online store--apparel or others.My order took 8 days to ship. Not 8 days to receive at home, but 8 days to receive an email with shipping confirmation. Granted it came 4 days later, which is an acceptable shipping time, but 12 total days before having the items I ordered in-hand is no good. AND this is after an email and phone call to customer support without a response. I would be more understanding of business issues if they were able to communicate with customers. I also had one item unshipped because it was out of stock and only found this out when receiving the package--no "Out of Stock" warning on the site or email of any sort.In terms of quality, the clothes I ordered were below expectations. I decided to try a button down and pair of dress pants but didn't even put the items on after finally receiving them because they were SO thin I knew I would be returning immediately. Now I'm trying to get out of the Hunt Club that I was tricked into signing up for but still cannot get a hold of customer service.Don't waste your time--spend a few extra bucks on Banana, Bonobos, J.Crew, etc.
3	Frank and Oak is another in a growing list of subscription clothing services that offer men an easy way to shop.  Based in Montreal, Frank and Oak sells high quality clothing, classic in style, for a very affordable price.  The secret here is that they control every aspect of the process with a vertically integrated structure.  Design, material sourcing, manufacturing and sales is all handled in house.  So, while the clothes themselves lack the brand name recognition, they are very well made.  Sizing is a bit questionable at times, with many of their button down shirts made for European male models.  In addition, their pants often don't go any larger than a 36 or 38, and their blazers top out at 46R.  Both are too small for my frame.Unlike services such as Trunk Club, Bombfell and Five Four, the clothing selected for monthly shipments isn't chosen for you.  Rather, you select from a curated list of 50 or so items.  Not hard, but not as automatic as other services.  On the plus side, every purchase you make results in credits earned for future purchases.  So, not only are the prices low to begin with, you can eventually earn enough credits for free items.  You can also gain credit on referrals.  On the negative side, it takes awhile to process and ship out orders.  It can be 7-10 days before an order arrives, which is far too long in my opinion.Although I am relatively new to Frank and Oak, I like what I've received thus far and appreciate that their styles, while classic in nature, differ from my usual go-to, Banana Republic.  I'll continue to give them a go and see what happens!
1	bought a few basic items because the prices were ok.  bought a sport shirt and a couple of henleys since i could risk 25-45 bucks if the quality was shit.  no way would i touch their blazers or outerwear.  quality of what i bought is about on par with the gap but the fit is a little better as it's slimmer.  but I but won't shop here again because their return/exhange system bites.  NO REFUNDS, just store credit is given.  plus they don't really have a system to exchange.  they tell you to just order the item in the right size first and return the original item.  Problem is, it takes forever them to credit your FO account.  by forever, I mean like in a MONTH.  by that time, the correct size is gone.  and i'm not going to drop another 45 bucks for another shirt and be forced to buy more shit with the credit i eventually get...eventually.  if you're a web-only store, this policy doesn't work.  the risk of buying online is you can't try on clothes, not to mention the fact that their sizes are all over the place.  returns/exchanges should be easy.  just shop at jcrew or gap or any other web store where shopping is quick and painless.
5	I got introduced to Frank and Oak last month by a friend. And it has been a great experience so far.I hate going out to shop for clothes. I also rarely shop for clothes. And I am very picky and particular in terms of what I want in style. I am always looking for a classic, timeless style in clothing. And it's hard to find when out physically shopping. Maybe because I don't go out looking hard enough? I don't know, I have better things to do than search for clothes :PI scrolled through Frank and Oak and found a few things I liked and ordered them: a casual button shirt, a thicker grey button overshirt, and jeans.Everything fits great. Their sizing charts and sizing information are very accurate. If you fall within the perimeters of their sizing style, the fit will be great.I am 5'8, 155 pounds, 30' waist, athletic build and their clothes so far have fit like a glove. I am very impressed by the sizing and quality of the material. I am also impressed by the style.I will definitely be a repeat customer and will order as I find items/styles I like.My only word of caution would be to closely check their sizing chart/sizing guides and make sure their sizing style will work for you. I was fortunate that for my body type, it fits extremely well.Also, Hunt Club is a great deal because of the free shipping and 8% back. Just remember to sign onto your account and press skip between the 1st-7th of every new month if you don't want anything.
5	Placed 3 orders before Christmas and thought I'd fit a Large size. Received the clothing and then found it didn't fit. Frank and Oak's return was a breeze. Returned using their website and by printing out a FedEx label. Even though they don't do exchanges on their site I called them up and they credited my account the difference early so I could get the replacement size in the mail quickly. Thanks FNO will be shopping with you a lot more great customer care and great clothing!
1	I placed an order on Black Friday for 3 items. Received one item. The other two still haven't shipped.That is all.
1	Every order I have made with them has been a disaster!   The cloths are nice when you get them and they fit - sizing a bit off on top of everything else.  Don't bother!!
3	I like the cloth and the hunt club selection process. Been able to get some good work shirts from them, so I'm happy. But there's two major problems with them;Sizes run small or I'll regular. I'm 6' at 180 and typically need to buy XL for something to fit. L is typically too tight, XL too large. I'm no skinny hipster, so of you're a skinny hipster, you should be fine. If not, best order one shirt you like in two sizes and return the one that doesn't fit (or both).Returns are refunded at a horribly slow pace. In fact I've sent back perhaps 6 hunt club boxes and the credit to my card never came unless I emailed them regarding my refund. We are talking taking a month without a refund since the return was accepted by their return facility. This has gotten to the point where I will no longer participate in the hunt club.
1	I've ordered a few things from Frank & Oak, hoping each time that each isolated experience was just that - isolated. A few of the problems I encountered:1. The first shirt I ordered didn't fit, okay I returned it. Turns out they only re-imburse you for store credit! Okay, so I ordered some pants. 2. The pair of pants took TWO ENTIRE MONTHS to ship. TWO MONTHS! I emailed Frank & Oak about four weeks in, and every week or so after that. The finally emailed me back a whole month after the first email, to let me know the item had shipped. No explanation was given for why that took so long. 3. The pair of pants are recieved were very nice and fit well. They had one major problem though - NO STANDARD WALLET WOULD EVER FIT IN THE BACK POCKET OF THOSE PANTS. Is that a joke? Absolutely ridiculous. 4. My friend has ordered from them as well and loves it, so when a bunch of sales went up for Black Friday I ordered another pair of pants (hoping that this different style would fit a wallet) and a beautiful looking briefcase. Shipping was supposed to take 4-6 weeks. After 6 weeks, I emailed them. A couple weeks later I got a message saying essentially "we regret to inform you that the briefcase you selected is out of stock". I emailed them asking for a replacement in a different color (they advertise many different types) and still have not gotten a response, two months later. 5. FINALLY got the second pair of pants. Still doesn't hold a wallet. I will never order another item from this store, and I would STRONGLY suggest that nobody else does either. Customer service is about as horrible as I've ever seen, and the product is not a high enough quality for me to overlook this fact. This company is seriously flawed.
2	My review might be a little premature. I placed my order (mock neck zip up sweater) on 2/8/14. It is now 2/25/14 and I still have not received my sweater. I spoke with a customer service rep, although friendly she wasn't able to provide me with any information on my order. However, she did inform me that their shipping method is as follows: FedEx picks the order up, ships to the destination city, there they turn over to the US Postal Service. Getting the USPS involved is likely why I can't find my order. I can't comment on the quality of the the clothing but their method of shipping is ass backward.  According to FedEx, my sweater has been in Atlanta for 5 days.  I am not sure why it has taken so long.
1	If I could submit a negative star review, I would.My short review: AWFUL. SCAM. RUN FAR AWAY.I ordered three shirts from Frank & Oak in early November 2013. I congratulated myself because they were stylish shirts and great value $20/shirt. They were going to be Christmas gifts for my Dad and my two brothers. F&O had no issues charging my credit card. What  they had issues on was delivering the products I paid for. I waited until two weeks before Christmas; that's 6 weeks of waiting and still nothing. I contacted them via their 1-855 number. No one picked up after the myriad of buttons I had to push. I ended up getting voicemail which I couldn't leave one because the mailbox was full.I sent them an email. No response. I went on their Facebook page and left a comment about my experience and my order. Was I surprised that their FB page was full of complaints exactly the same as mine? At this point, misery loves company. F&O screwed up HUGE! Right before the holidays. A-holes.I finally got a response AFTER Christmas saying they were sending me one of the shirts AND they would refund me the rest of my money. I guess I was never getting the shirts. Word of advice F&O, how about giving the customer the options to receive the merchandise or receive the refund.Finally, I never got the refund. So I was out money and had no product.Frank & Oak is like that hot guy/gal you meet at the bar/club/online. Seemingly very attractive, makes lots of promises, and leaves you with less money and a bad taste in your mouth.
1	i am shocked that there are so many good reviews for this website. i have been trying to cancel my account with them for a while now but it as not as easy as when you sign up with them. Stay away from this company. Everything thing takes forever to ship, nothing fits the way it should, and I had to call my bank to stop payment because i couldn't find any other way yo cancel my account. If i could give no stats, i would.
1	If I could give negative stars, I would! I bought some swim trunks here for my husband for over $60. The fit is super small so they didn't fit and when I tried to exchange them within one day of receiving them, they would not do an exchange or return. This place is a total scam and now I am stuck with swim trunks that are too small. I will never buy anything with Frank and Oak again. I highly recommend avoiding this company!
1	I made an order and it never shipped. I sent an email asking what the deal was and was told it was listed as an "internal order" and was not even going to be shipped at all, so it was processed incorrectly from the very beginning. This could have been a simple, forgivable mistake so I politely explained to the customer service person that I would like it to be shipped as soon as possible since we were already a week behind. He said they would put a "rush on the order" and that it would ship the next day. This was a Thursday. The next Monday rolled around and he told me that he "forgot" that the warehouse was closed on the weekend, which is completely irrelevant because the order should have been shipped "the next day" which was a Friday (not a weekend day in America but I don't know Canadian calendar rules.) It is now Thursday and the order STILL has not shipped. This is the worst customer service I have ever seen from a company and I really have no idea how they are still in business. To echo a few other reviews, they didn't waste time processing my payment but at the rate we are going right now, I may never get my order.
1	Man oh man, I thought I'd found a good thing in Frank and Oak.  "Why would I ever shop anywhere else?" I said.Flash forward maybe three months, and I have shut down my membership in their Hunt Club and unsubscribed from their emails.  It seems F&O like to charge my credit card for inventory they don't actually have.  Having ordered two shirts, I received one along with a letter explaining that the other would follow shortly.  After a month of no additional information, I decided to call.  It seems someone at F&O marked the second shirt as shipped ("oops, human error").  Had I not called to check on the status of my order, I would have been charged $40 for an item that apparently wasn't in stock to begin with.But get this--the customer service rep was more concerned with why I hadn't ordered more crates as part of the Hunt Club!  F&O tried to rip me for $40, and the majority of the phone call was dedicated to discussing why I'm not ordering monthly crates.To summarize:1.  It is *your* responsibility to ensure that items you have already paid for actually arrive at your home.  If you get a letter saying that some portion will be delivered at a later date, write it down so you don't forget.  F&O are happy to keep your money for undelivered product and attribute it to "human error."2.  Two rivets popped off a $50 pair of F&O jeans I was wearing today.  Of all the denim I have ever purchased--from Target to Macy's--this has never happened.  In addition to billing issues, there may be a quality issue.3.  The shipping itself is slow.  An order placed today should be expected to take 3-4 weeks for delivery.  As part of the Hunt Club, shipping was free so I won't belabor the point too much.  Just know that shipping is slow.I really like the style that Frank and Oak offers.  The designers should not be faulted.  The accounting, shipping and fulfillment are another story.  I thought I stumbled upon a good thing (an internet banner on some unrelated site).  At best, Frank and Oak are incompetent when it comes to inventory management and e-commerce.  At worst, they are crooks.Buyer beware.
2	The good:  -I love their shirts.  I'm 6 ft 185 and size L fits me perfectly.  I am usually right between M and L so it can be tough. Great designs and material as well.-Price is right, and they always have sales-You get $ back for every purchase-Service seems good when you call or email they do respond.The bad:-My first purchase took forever to ship, like over a month.  and finally they told me it was out of stock.  Only store credit, no refund.-They have had site issues where it was impossible to skip your crate, now fixed though-I bought a sport coat from them in my normal size, 41.  Great material, but the sizing is absolutely ABSURD.  I don't know why I didn't return it, dumb move.  The arm holes are sized to fit an emaciated manchild.  My arms barely squeeze into them and it's just about impossible to wear.  The coats are also really short, they look funny. They're so cheap and nice designs that I want to try another one in a few sizes up though.
5	Ordered from their Essentials Collection - quality was excellent and when I had a question, their customer service was friendly and super responsive.  Will definitely be ordering more from Frank & Oak.  Style is definitely unique and refreshing.
5	I have been following Frank & Oak for quite a while now. Love the fashion and the pricing is exactly right. After a few successful orders, I've run into a few bumps. But, that is not why I am writing this review. I am writing because the stellar customer service of F&O has solidified them as my favorite online store, fashion or otherwise.They ran out of something that I had ordered but within a day they had caught their error, informed me, refunded my card and gave me a gift certificate! Wow!My next order mysteriously never showed up even though the tracking said it arrived. I contacted F&O and they reshipped my order and refunded the now sold-out shirt I had ordered, no questions asked.Coming from a background I'm retail, I know things happen. But, it is taking care of your customers like this that creates loyalty and grows a business in a sustainable way. Bravo and kudos; you have a customer for life!
3	its a hit and miss kind of store.i love their accessories. inexpensive and they usually have what i'm looking for.as for clothing, that's where the hit and miss are. some will fit nicely while others make you wonder what kind of person would it fit.anyway, i seldom buy from them as i have my trusted stores and brands and mostly, because there's a physical store so you can try on things and then, knowing that online purchasing will go fine instead of hoping.make your own opinion by reading everyone's reviews. as for me? i'll wait for their sample sale and even then, we'll see
3	I would say people on yelp really have their undergarments in knots. Yes they have problems but its not cry-me a riverPros: lots of choices, shirts fit great, if you're in the hunt club you usually get things "relatively quick" within 10 days. (question: do people expect things to be in their front door in 2 days?Cons: hard to get to customer service, however, email works great I find. Refunds take a long time so you gotta be on top of it (sometimes it returns as credit then you email and they will gladly put it back on credit). Maybe i'm not that picky with being served on a platter, but at the same time don't expect to be coddled here like at a store.
1	Lousy return policy.  They have recently rolled out internet site.  Only a 15 day return!  Any mail order item purchase must be able to be returned in 30-Days for full refund.   That is the FTC regulation.  I won't be purchasing anything from these guys.
4	Overall I've really liked frank and oak. The clothes are reasonably priced and the customer support and delivery have been nothing but too notch. I do wish they carried a bit more wider style of clothes but that's the complain. The material for most part feels great Nd you can feel the quality in everything from the zippers to the stitching
5	I ordered a shirt from Frank & Oak with the regular shipping option on October 1st and received it on October 6th (three business days). I was very surprised at the fast shipping time, especially since the packages ship from Canada. I had a coupon code that I had an issue with, emailed them, and got it sorted within hours.The shirt is nice quality, cool print, slim fit. The friend that I bought it for is a small dude, so I love that they have XS.
1	Decent products but strange sizing, the step from Large to XL is huge and I don't fit it anything they offer. Also, and please be aware, they don't offer refunds, only store credit. I made the mistake of ordering a bunch of great looking stuff only to find out their merchandize doesn't fit me....so now I am stuck with a giant credit I can't use.
5	I've never ordered online, so I don't have any comments on that. The store in Toronto is awesome. There's a barber and a cafe in it. The clothing line itself is a trend setter and I can walk out of there and fit right in on Queen West, arguably one of the world's trendiest fashion areas. I can also walk out of there dressed to impress at work. The prices are also really fair. You can get a perfect dress shirt for 30 bucks off their sales rack. The only thing that I found to be badly priced was a pair of $155 dollar sneakers...loved the sneakers though. The staff are helpful and the space is great. You can definitely build a wardrobe here.
