4	First of all Dennis Ryan is the guy to talk to. He is the shop Manager and this guy helped me out BIG TIME!Being stuck in Vegas with a broke down car and trying to figure out how to get back to California is not a wonderful situation. Dennis was honest, sincere and professional. In the Fear of a $1,500++ job on my car and me not even having the money to fix Dennis took the time to see if there were other options to fix my car. End result was I only had pay $280 and I had a great running car again. By taking that time they were able to fix the car with no major work needed.   We all know to be careful with Auto shops we dont know. Auto Pro off of Flamingo gets a big thank you from me!MV
4	I got my car's oil change done here before I drove from Las Vegas back to the San Francisco Bay area, and I tell you, this place has excellent customer service. The people are pretty friendly, and it did not take long for them to finish changing the oil for my car. Not only that, they are not like other oil change places where they hassle you to do other stuff to your car, such as changing your air filter or other stuff that you don't really need, just to make some extra buck. I highly recommend this place. I just wish that they have a WIFI like those other places. At least you don't get bored waiting. But well, at least the service was so fast that I did not even get to that state of mind.
5	I pulled out of the Palms and was listening to my car's brakes sing a grinding song that sounded expensive. I noticed Auto Pro across the street and decided to stop in and see what they had to say. I was happy to learn they could fix my brakes for much less than I was prepared to spend. I waited in their waiting room watching TV.It didn't take as long as I thought and I was back on the road. This time it was me singing because my brakes worked great and I had cash left over to take my wife to dinner.I recommend Auto Pro as a honest garage with a helpful staff.
5	I mean it when I say this place is as good as it gets- they have worked on every care I have ever owned and I have never been disappointed. I send all my friends and family there and they have had the same experience.
5	This place Is FANTASTIC, SPEEDY, and provided WELL PRICED SERVICE!! Auto Pro was recommended to by a friend and he advised me that they were really good and honest...HE WAS RIGHT! A girl needs a tip like that because It's soooo hard to find honest businesses now at days especially when It comes to auto service. This place Is locally owened and located right In front of the Palms Hotel.After a tune-up "BB" (my car) is running much better!
5	I won't take my car to any other shop. The work is top notch and fair. Locally owned is even a better touch and will support their business with every vehicle I own. They definately know their stuff.
5	Auto Pro Las Vegas,I have always had my vehicles that are not covered with dealer warranty's serviced at Auto Pro Las Vegas. Recently, my daughter's Lexus, after she had left back to school had engine troubles. Not only did Auto Pro coordinate fixes with a proper repair shop in Utah, they helped with all coorindated efforts. They are 100% recommended since they are completely honest in all their services. I would highly recommend them in light of current competition, where sometimes dishonesty is prevalent. (4280 W Flamingo Rd, Las Vegas (702) 269-9500) Scott Taylor (Las Vegas)
5	I just went here for an oil change after Terribles screwed me for the last time on lying about the price. Auto Pro offers great service at a great price. Their facility is clean, the employees are professional and nice, and you can tell they've been working there for awhile. I will definitely go back. And I used the 10% off on Yelp.
1	Went in today I wanted to change fluids, spoke with a guy with glasses who works there, don't know his name, no name tag, he sounded like he didn't want to be there by the tone of his voice of saying "what can I do for you", had a bad vibe already... I explained to him I wanted to change some fluids for my car, showed him a list of fluids I needed done. He then says "ok" with a bad vibe... I then stated to him I have my own oil, after saying that. He stated "we don't that, we use our own oil". I asked him what kind of oil is used? He stated "Vavoline". I said thank you and left. When you first step in to a shop and the way that representative says how may I help you? Will explain if you have a good or bad vibe about that shop. Great customer service starts that second when walking through that door. You would think with great reviews on yelp, you would follow a recommendation, I followed the recommendation and was disappointed. 1 star for that guy who was at the front counter with the glasses for people skills...
5	Being a car guy myself I found that Kensy was extremely helpful and professional with his assistance on my project. I appreciate when shops can give you honest and reliable feedback that just makes sense. I would recommend these good folks based on their honesty and integrity!
5	I have an older car so this shop is like a second home to me and that being said I have not once felt like I have been taken advantage of me! Honest, Integrity and great customer service goes a long way
5	Great place have had my SUV worked on for years here when needed mostly oil changes but have had brakes done also i have a Toyota.  Its in great location easy to find and I have refereed a few family and friends to go here and they all say same thing great to find an honest auto shop in this town.  Every time i took to Toyota they would find a million things to fix and want to charge me arm and a leg....and its across from the Palms u can go eat while your car is getting worked on or go to movie.....
