5	I've been here before for dry cleaning services; and lets be honest, it's dry cleaning...HOW HARD CAN IT REALLY BE? As long as it's clean and pressed...it's a-ok with me...The main reason I'm writing this review is because I needed ridiculous alterations...and when I mean, ridiculous, I mean, REE-DIC-U-LUS!!! I had a dress for work that was a small but, on me, was a XXL. Lets face it, I am a petite woman...it's a blessing and a curse!The lady that did alterations wasn't there when I initially went but, the owners wife, Ellen (I believe) was such a sweetheart and arranged an appt for me with the alterations lady. Ellen was so sweet and funny and real.....let's face it, being those things goes a long ways in the retail/service/just all around good person field.When I went in for my appt with the alterations lady, she was funny and sweet, as well. It made all the pricking and prodding with needles a little easier and funny to handle.The price was extremely affordable, too. $40 for what seemed like a brand new dress.She told be the dress would be done on a Friday, which was 3 days..I was EXTREMELY shocked! She had so many dresses to finish up and she guaranteed it in 3 days.In the 4th day, I went to get my dress and it wasn't even touched. Let's just say it was too good to be true but, Ellen and the alterations lady were tooo sweet so, it was forgivable. (AND, THANKFULLY, I didn't need it immediately). My friend picked it up for me on the 6th day and it was done. *thankfully*It wasn't exactly what I had hoped for in that it was still a little too big on my upper body BUT, it was an 80% improvement from the original.And again the people there made up for the not-so-guaranteed 3 days...Another thing is they have coupons for their dry cleaning...$1.75 per piece. I usually find them behind my Smith's reciepts =)
3	Pretty good. There coupons make it a good deal. The only downside is they charge a $1.00 to use a debit card which is crazy to me....
1	Beware of this "CHEAP" $1.75 (w/coupon) prepaid cleaners ruining your clothes. CHEAP being the operative word. Since I DON'T iron, I have used these cleaners for most of my work clothes. Now I'm not saying I have designer items, just some nice DKNY, Fossil, Calvin Klein , etc. For the MOST part, for the $1.75 these folks did good work. I dropped off a cotton blend sweater to be dry-cleaned. I had worn this sweater 3 times MAX and it was in PRISTINE condition. My husband picked it up along with the other items and I put it on about 2 weeks later. I got to work & noticed FOUR tears in the material on the lower right behind the pocket. I took it off & and the tag was hanging from a thread as well-on a $90.00 light cardigan. I took it back with ANOTHER load of dry cleaning and spoke with the female "owner" who basically told me I was a liar. (keep in mind I have used this cleaners and seen this owner a couple of times a month at least for two years.) She said that they have four "inspectors" that look at each item, that if I dropped it off two or three weeks before, why was I JUST wearing it, AND it couldn't POSSIBLY be brand new because of the "pilling" on the sweater (wasn't there before). When I asked her if she thought I was lying, she said I was "mistaken". She was adament that this was ALL me and never offered any apology, restitution NOTHING!!!
4	Had them clean my Louis Vuitton canvas handbag and wallet and did a good job. They did an excellent job repairing the straps to my Gucci handbag. The price was affordable (starting at $45 and up) and much cheaper than other dry cleaners and the shoe and upholstery cleaners. Highly recommend for those of you who need luxury handbag cleaning. They do not do them onsite (they use a vendor).
4	I used the alterations service and it was fantastic. I brought in 3 skirts to be hemmed (according to another skirt that was correct length). All 3 were done perfectly and in the style of the original hem, which differed on each skirt. Had a zipper replaced and was done correctly with a better quality zipper then the original. The price was extremely reasonable compared to other tailors in the area. My husband has his dry cleaning done there and has been pleased with price and service.
4	Good work at a great price.  I have no complaints and would recommend them to everyone out there.  I have used them several times with zero problems.
5	I've been going to this dry cleaners as long as I've lived in my house here - 8 years. I've never had a bad experience. The alterations are good too. Monthly coupons help when I have a lot of dry cleaning. The owners always remember me when I come in.
1	I cannot begin to understand how people go here repeatedly.  My shirts came back both the first time, and the second-chance return visit, terrible.  All 13 shirts were a wrinkled mess, every single collar was pressed completely crooked, making it impossible to wear with a tie without re-ironing them and still looking like an idiot with random misplaced creases.  There were wrinkles ironed randomly everywhere in the front and back of the shirts- it's just POOR, SLOPPY, and LAZY work.  Wake up management- your product sucks.  Have some pride in what you do for goodness' sake!!!  Why do something if you aren't going to do it well?!?!?!?!  Bottom line- terrible, sloppy, lazy work.
2	Clothes have never been fresh and crisp. More like you do at home with damp rag and a hand steamer. They also want to charge to use a credit card. Almost 20% in my case and their prices are just not that cheap by any means. They have never been friendly and will leave you waiting at the counter with out acknowledging you are even there until they are good and ready to help you. I've been there three times because I try to give people the benefit of the doubt. Well three strikes your out. Even my two stars is really too generous.
1	I took the jacket to a $1200.00 suit there to get a stain out from some food I got on it.  Needless to say they gave it back to me with no communication that they were unable to get the stain out.  I took it home and went to wear it and the stain was still there.  I was about to give up on the suit, but decided to take it to Fazio Cleaners and they were able to get the stain out.  I took the jacket back to them to ask if they even bothered to clean it and the owner told me that I only paid $2.25 to have it cleaned and they don't spend much time on stains like that for the price. (I wish they would have told me as I almost threw the suit away.)  Then I was running late one day and took my cloths to the Rainbow location.  Needless to say they didn't give me all my clothes back.  I turned the house upside down looking for my navy slacks to find out they didn't give them back to me when I picked up my shirts.  The owner once again gave me some lame story about how shirts are done in house and pants are sent out.  Honestly I don't care I want all my cloths at one time......  Today I dropped off my cloths at 7:30 am and they told me that they would be done after 5:30.  I ran over to the Eastern location after I stopped cooking dinner to get my laundry and they told me they were not done yet and that they were tagged for Thursday!!!  NEVER AGAIN!! STAY AWAY YOU GET WHAT YOU PAY FOR!!!!!
1	rude, ignor you at the counter, pay to use a debit card, mediocre work at best, how they stay open and customers come back shows how stupid the average person is
1	This place sucked!!!!!! Tried to take back a shirt that they had altered wrong (and pre-paid) for, less than 2 weeks earlier! They refused to fix it, insisted I needed my original receipt to talk about it any further, and argued with me that it was done over a month ago!Their work sucked and their customer service is even worse..... That's all I'm going say.. Don't want to waste more of my time with this customer service nightmare....!!!
5	Betty and her crew work hard to please! I can tell you that they provide excellent service at amazing prices and their seamstress is amazing! Five stars all the way!
2	The service is good. Never had an issue,however I wish they would update their hours as they are not opened on Sundays. Big disappointment when Yelp reads they are open and you get there and it's closed.
1	Is it just me, or has anyone else noticed the toxic smell that is left on your clothes after it's "cleaned" at this dry cleaners? Especially on jeans. I've never smelled this residue at any other dry cleaners. Also, why is it that when you pick up your clothes, there is always a slimy greasy tar on the hangers? It makes your hands dirty. I've complained about these issues multiple times and basically been told that I'm crazy. I now go to the dry cleaners across the street. I wouldn't give the place across the street 5 stars, but they have good prices and do a good job. I don't know how Eldorado stay in business. There are better dry cleaners within walking distance that have competitive prices with exceptionally better service. As far as finding a 5 star cleaners in this neighborhood, I'm still searching.
