5	Tonya has captured some great moments in my life. I'm glad I have such beautiful photos of my family, pets, and Elvis paraphernalia. Poprock rocks!
5	let's face it.  there are lots of people who can take good photos.  the digital camera has allowed us to capture sharp images of our favorite people and things.however, it's very rare to find someone with an artistic eye for detail wrapped up in such a warm, relaxed, caring person who somehow gets the best, most amazing shots.tonya has taken photos at my birthday party this year and also she took photos of my car (two separate occasions).  the finished products were beyond my expectations.  the birthday photos will always be cherished as a memento of that night.  tonya brings out the best of her subjects and it shows in the photos.  i love seeing new photos when she posts them on facebook, even though i don't know the people in the photos.  she seems to capture the joy of the person and event and that's where her talent lies.  her service is very reasonably priced as well....so hurry up and book a photo shoot with tonya!
5	Ready for girly omg-my-wedding-photographer-was-so-awesome gushiness? Yeah? Good, cos here we go.First let me just say, I like Tonya. A lot. She's hilarious, confident, cute, and extremely personable. Southern Belle-ish with a healthy dose of punkrawk. I also like Tonya's photography a lot - it, too, is hilarious, colorful, poppy. She loves crooked angles, peeling sign paint, pirates, graffiti, and bright colors, so her taste and mine align. But it's the Loooove and zeal she has for shooting that really makes her special. She gets into a zone and just goes and goes, gets the most cantakerous gramps to smile for el camara, cuts a lame joke to get a real smile (and it works! time after time!), all while showing up at every damn moment of your entire weekend, cute outfit on, camera in hand, smiling and hugging and buying you cocktails and telling you you're gorgeous. All for a reasonable price. Effing awesome.
5	I love Tonya & Poprock Photography so much, I'm going to write her a poem:Oh Tonya Oh Tonya, you snap such lovely photos,Of Barbies, of brides and grooms, even the occasional hobo.Your talent & skill are simply above the rest,When I receive your stunning photos, I feel so incredibly blessed.For images gritty, pretty or downright nifty,You need to call Tonya at Poprock Photography - even if you're a bit thrifty.But don't delay in booking your fab photo session,Because Poprock Photography is blowin' up,It will be your new obsession.Woooooot Poprock Photography!
5	Uhhhhhhhhh, don't know why you don't have hundreds of reviews.  Tonya's bubbly personality along with her ability to capture "the moment" makes her a staple at all yelp event and I'm sure that talent follows her where ever else she goes.If a picture tells a thousand words, then this post would be a never ending story.  She seizes every opportunity to document the small things in an artistic manner, while still grabbing the beauty of the focal point of the occasion.I think I just said that perfectly, going to end the review on a high note.  Will review again some time.
5	Tonya is AWESOME, love her to pieces!Tonya has been a huge presence at yelp events & manages to capture the fun & essence of each event.  And her timing...she generally posts pictures from the event within hours of it ending!  I also enjoy looking at weddings / food / other events on her Facebook page.  Like Jeff S. said, she manages to capture ordinary objects & make them look really cool.She is an absolute joy to be around; fantastic personality & has such a good sense of humor.  I cannot wait for her to do my personal pictures! I have verbally committed her to take pictures of my dog, boyfriend & myself, along with our (future) wedding.
5	Come rain or shine, Tonya will capture great photos! Since my time in Charlotte, Tonya was one of the first people I met. I was there during the beginning stages of what would become her epic adventure of taking photos and making the images come to life!It's fun to see her at the Yelp events. She helps ease any awkwardness between strangers to strike a pose. In addition, I recently hired her to snap some shots of my growing family: dog & chickens. She is a busy woman, but it's easy to set up a mutually agreeable time. Her energy is contagious and she easily directs you on what to do...camera shy or shutter bug alike. Lastly, the turn around time frame is insane! Many of the photographers I know don't deliver for weeks; it was less than a week and I had my digital images in hand...hand delivered in fact. Great personality, great shots...what more could you ask for?!
5	Tonya is the quintessential event/lifestyle photographer. She knows how to capture each moment with energy and flair.We met Tonya when we were looking for a wedding photographer. I was adamant about NOT wanting engagement shots - just wanted the small, simple ceremony recorded for posterity, etc. But Tonya talked us into having engagement shots, much to my trepidation. I'm not exactly modelesque, and tend to have an abundance of awkward photos of myself. I don't even smile properly in photos, so I was less than enthusiastic about posing and having to look "cute."Oh Tonya...allaying my many fears, she photographed her way into my heart and we ended up with brilliant engagement shots in which our quirkiness and relationship shined. One of the reasons she prescribed an engagement shoot for us was so she would be able to get comfortable with us (and vice versa), and to see if there were any super weird aspects to our aesthetic that she would have to address when shooting the wedding.When it came to the wedding itself, she was totally in the mix with the crowd, capturing photos of our many friends, family and (yes, really) wedding crashers. Her professionalism is matched by her effusive personality, and she brings out the party in everyone.We had an incredible experience with Tonya and recommend her to anyone who even mentions getting married or needing event photography. She makes Charlotte a better and brighter place, and delivers top notch photos every time.5 stars and nothing less. I wish I could give her 6.
5	Six Yelp Stars *** *** with EASE!Have you ever said "we should hire a Photographer for our next event"? ? ?  If you have, you might be brilliant!  Quality photographs are Priceless!  Great Photos invoke memories because in a sense time stands still!  Photos are great gifts, mementos for your family, friends, guests... that can be shared for generations!What I LOVE most about Tonya's work is that it's Exquisite!  Tonya has the Talent of making everything look its best and make everyone look their best!  I used to tell Tonya she made everything appear better than it does in real life, though most of the time what she is doing is finding the extraordinary characteristics, "personality", and unique charm of a subject, person or situation and surroundings, to produce the romance of a movie-scene type, still image!Tonya has the eye of an Artist!  When I describe Photography as Art, I'm talking about the outcome (photographs) and the "Shooting" Art-Form as a process that requires watching, waiting, anticipating and intuitively taking a shot.... HISTORY is Captured! !! !!!  Exceptional Photography provides the BEST Representation of an object, person or scene-scape!  These WOW Photos where if YOU are the subject, you are proud and happy to show everyone and if these fantastic photos are of someone else you hope and wish that you can be represented that well!I knew that Tonya had great skills and real Photographic geniusry talents before she ever shot me!  I had seen her photos on yelp and was very impressed, so when I needed some shots of me, I talked to Tonya!  Tonya took some fantastic shots and everyone who sees those photos of me, comment on her Talent!  Tonya also has the talent that she can put you at ease so you will laugh, relax and be yourself, instead of the stiff version of you that would come across as posed in other photos!Shooting people takes MORE talent than shooting objects!  Imagine, Action in a still frame!  Great Photos come to life when they convey energy of movement, time stops in a photo!  Don't you Love seeing unposed photos of family and friends (or even strangers) where everyone is captured being themselves?  We usually look our best when unique personality is "showing off"!  Capturing "life" in photos requires an "eye" an imagination, patience to wait, and an intuition of what is getting ready to happen, when a facial expression is a fraction of a second from the one your are waiting for!This is not like "old days" (which were only a few years ago) you would hire a Photographer for a fee, they would take photos and you would pay for a "package" of prints, all the sizes and copies that you wanted... the Photographer would keep the "negatives" and if you ever wanted more copies you would have to track down (good luck on that one) Photographer and then pay for the additional prints at a marked-up price for labor and the photographic "rights" of the photographer!  That "old school" approach was a rip off because if you could not find the Photographer, you were Totally out of luck because you did not have "negatives" you could not make your own copies and if you did find the photographer they could charge whatever they wanted which was usually unreasonable. Thankfully that has changed!  When you hire Tonya P. (P for POPROCK Photography) she takes Incredible photos, edits the work and gives you a disc, you can keep forever (or Down-load it on your computer) so you can have photos made right away and reproduced at any time in the future!Great Photographs ask questions and like all great Movies, Music and Art, leave room for interpretation for those who enjoy it!
5	I must lodge a complaint regarding Yelp. I have not been provided with enough stars to rate Tonya and Poprock. I need a sixth star!Tonya is incredibly talented - she has the creative eye to find the art in everything around her and catch it on film. Generally speaking, I hate having my picture taken-I usually look like a partially-retarded Ewok. But Tonya finds the photogenic side of everyone and is marvelous at capturing the whole person: their inner personality and the essence of a relationship when shooting couples and groups.When I have occasion for an event photographer (New York, December...I heard you!) I can't think of anyone I would rather have.
5	I picked out the photos online for my friends wedding card, and every picture I short listed was taken by PopRockPhotography. cheers Andy from Australia
5	My wife and I met Tonya when she was the photographer at the Generous Pour, Yelp Elite event.  I, like many others do not like to have my picture taken and can't stand your typical "professional" photographer who make you twist and turn yourself into all sorts of awkward positions to get it right.What I like about Tonya is that she blends into whatever situation you're in and takes "natural" pictures that really capture the essence of what you're doing.  My family needed Christmas pictures and I wanted something different than the typical Portrait Innovations since they suck.  We called Tonya and agreed to meet at a park close to my house with my 2 and 4 year old.  Now, you've heard the term "Like herding cats?"  That is EXACTLY what it is like trying to gather my 2 young kids for any type of picture outside, especially when there's all sorts of distractions AND a major highway nearby.Tonya was awesome.  She said not to worry about posing and just to let them be.  The end results were nothing short of wonderful.  I have a CD of the absolute BEST pictures that anyone has taken of my beautiful family.  She also suggested taking pictures with the Grandparents which also turned out wonderful and she in turn, created lasting memories for my children.You can go to the plain jane, normal places for pictures and you will have to deal with "Sitting Fees", "Packages", and untrained people who have been armed with a digital camera and you might get one or two pictures you will really like.  But would I would suggest is to pick up the phone, call Tonya and have a fun filled time with a true professional and come away with every picture being knock your socks off awesome!
5	When the time came to choose a wedding photographer we both new right away that we needed Tonya and that is a decision I haven't for a second regretted, from the first flash through seeing the final product. Not only will Tonya go out of her way to make you look good and feel comfortable (even if you are like me and hate smiling for the camera) but she will get you shots you never knew you wanted. Not every wedding photo set has a shot of the bride and groom kissing in front of a hot dog sign but mine does and it's one of my favorites! She will also make the craziness you know you want a reality. Jake wanted a shot of the whole bridal party crossing Central Ave...at noon on Saturday. Tonya got it...and a video.I have heard nothing but the best from our guests. Everyone loved her and was al the more willing to play along and not hide from the camera. All in all if you need pictures I can't recommend Poprock Photography highly enough. She was the second best decision I made about my wedding...right behind saying yes.
5	I am buyin' what Tonya is sellin'!I'm a lookin' and I'm a LIKIN'!HUBBA HUBBA!All things above are applicable to PopRock Photography. Fun, fresh, affordable, and with the quickest turnaround for ANY photographer I've ever worked with, Tonya recently did headshots and knocked it out of the park! As a wedding professional, I've referred her to my best friend for her wedding as well as my own clients. I totally sound like a hair transplant ad right now, but seriously - I'm not only a professional, I'm a client!Cannot go wrong with Tonya if you're looking for candid, fun photos of your event, your dog, your kids, or your own face!
5	I can't begin to explain how awesome Tonya P. is - her photography really speaks for itself. She's fun, has an eye for creativity, can make anyone smile (naturally I might add), and the results are breathtaking. After noticing how great her work was at the Yelp Elite events we decided to hire Tonya to do our engagement shoot. My fiance is notorious for cheese grinning (cue Chandler jokes) in all of his photos...his family teases him about many of his family photos growing up. She was able to get some excellent photos of the two of us, I was really impressed. Whether you prefer funky photos or more Martha Stewart (guilty) she can do it all ... and for a super competitive price I might add. I can't say enough good things!
5	My husband said i have to write this review.  And he refuses to leave me alone until I do.So here, here is your stinkin' review!!!!  :D......except that I actually really do want to write this review....but i like to act like it's under protest, it's more fun that way.Let's face it, every one needs a good photographer, and not just a good one, an AWESOME ONE, but to find a good one, with reasonable prices, who will come to you, have fun, and be creative, and not act like they have a corncob shoved up their butt is just not an easy task.  (Not sure why so many photographers have a diva complex, but i have met a bunch that do!)Enter PopRock....and you will LOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOVE her.Tonya has an easy spirit about her that makes you at ease in front of her lens.  Tonya has a great eye for photography, she does so well at capturing the spontaneous, and the mundane, yet making it a great memory, and she does equally amazing work with posed photos.If you're looking for exceptional photos with a fun, carefree photographer, you MUST contact Tonya.  You will not regret one penny that you pay her!  Her work is impeccable, and captures the true spirit of your wedding, reception, or whatever event or reason you get her.
5	I can't recommend Tonya highly enough. We first met Tonya at our friends' wedding in N.C. We loved their pictures so much that when it was time for us to choose a photographer for our wedding we asked Tonya if we could fly her to California. We're so happy she said yes. Here is a quick list of things we loved about Tonya: 1. She takes incredible pictures. She took one of us as we were walking up the stairs just after getting married with all of our guests in the background. It's the kind of picture that we will cherish forever. She plays with light in beautiful ways and will give you tons of frame-worthy shots. 2. She has an excellent personality. Tonya is the kind of person you instantly like. She's warm and fun. All the guests loved her. But she gets right down to business when it comes time to make the magic happen. But there's something about the way she connects with people that allows her to take great photographs of them. 3. She takes video. I'm not even sure we realized it during our wedding, but Tonya was taking intermittent video as well as pictures. She made us an incredible wedding video. Forget getting a separate videographer, just use Tonya. 4. She turns the pictures around quickly. You won't believe how excited you get to see your wedding pictures. With Tonya you don't have to wait forever. She'll give you fun candids almost instantly and you'll get the whole ream of photos just about the time your coming down off your wedding high. Then the pictures put you right back up there again. 5. She's reasonably priced. Frankly, for what we got, I felt like we underpaid. Use her. You won't regret it. And your memories will thank you.
5	We hired Tonya to photograph our wedding, and she was so good and fit us so well.  To say that I would hire her again if an occasion called for it is an understatement.  I'm actually trying to dream up reasons that we can hire her again.  I might have to offer to hire her as our vacation photographer, to tag along with us on our travels so that I can put down my camera and relax :)For Tonya, photography isn't a career or a job, it's just pure passion.  She loves what she does, she loves the people she works with, and it makes all the difference.  Her work speaks for itself, so I'm not even going to try to detail the genius behind her photos.   Check out her Facebook page and you'll see for yourself.  Her personality is the icing on the cake though.  She interacts with everyone, and has a seemingly magical ability to connect with anyone.  When we met her the first time, I knew she was gonna be perfect, because she was carrying on a conversation with us over dinner while her camera was up above the table going click click click, taking pictures of the server, of the food, of us, and not missing a beat in the conversation.She spent half a day with us taking our engagement photos, came to our rehearsal dinner, and came out for at least 8 hours (I think) for our pre-wedding photos and wedding/reception.  After she shoots an event, there are usually photos posted on Facebook within a few hours.  We were really amazed when a 1-1/2 minute video slideshow was posted of our engagement shoot the same night of the shoot, set to music.  And we didn't even know we were getting that at all!  For those more concerned with privacy, I'm sure Tonya would be happy to keep photos off of social media on request, but I discourage this, because I want to see her photos of you too!Our wedding was Oct 12, and we just got the full set of edited photos via DVD this week (Oct 30), which is a much faster turnaround than most photographers will be able to provide.Her prices are insanely low and she really could be charging double what she is given her quality of work, and I would happily dish it out.  Just take a look at her webpage/Facebook, and meet her for drinks, and I think you'll be sold :)Thank you so much for everything Tonya.  We love you!
5	Tonya Poprocks!!! Poprock Photography handled our wedding photography this past September, 2013. During our time working together she was professional, courteous, kind and bursting at the seams with personality. She included engagement photos, rehearsal dinner pictures and the big day photographs for one amazing packaged price. Tonya really knows how to make people feel comfortable in front of a camera. She knows how to capture the main event moments and excels at capturing the in-between moments. We loved her candid, sincere style of recording life. My wife and I are still receiving comments from our family members about how much they enjoyed her style too!Tonya was masterful at connecting with all types of folks, from babies to grandparents. She somehow manages to be everywhere without being noticed (don't let her hair confuse you). Once the wedding was complete she was very quick in returning our photos. And unlike some other photographers- she gave us almost EVERYTHING. The moments most newlyweds are not privy to seeing we were able to enjoy. Even out takes that are not frame worthy have meant so much to us to be able to see. A bride and groom are much too busy to see very moment and it means so much to us to have these beautiful candid moments to look back on.  We started with a photographer and ended up with a friend!
