3	The store is like any other Fry's store.  The employees are SUPER nice at this store.  But the shoppers tend to be very rude and inconsiderate.  I normally find everything I need at this store and go on off hours so it is not so busy.
4	I do a good amount of shopping here, and find it easy and fast. They usually have everything I am looking for and I am in and out.  The staff is super helpful and nice.  Manager Jose is great, always eager to help customers and staff if they need it.  He is also pretty funny, and makes shopping interesting.
5	This store in my eyes is the Ralph's that I am used to in California. This is your one stop shop for a good amount of your daily needs. There is a gas station, pharmacy, bank, red box, bakery, florist, butcher all in this one location and the prices are amazing. The lines here are short which is a relief coming from California's line ridden grocery stores. There are four self check out registers and at least six assisted check out lines. Customer service is key at this location with a greeter at the front door and employees walking around trying to assist you in any way possible.
2	I was a couponer for awhile and Frys was definitely my store of choice to get the best deals. However, that doesn't make up for the experiences I had at this store. I was harrassed in the parking lot twice by young men who were loitering. One of these incidents spooked me enough that my husband started doing the shopping  if it got too late in the evening. Even worse was the customer service. Over the numerous times I shopped there, I was never asked if I needed help. NEVER. The cashiers rarely even looked up at you while checking you out and most of them were carrying on personal (sometimes inappropriate) conversations with each other over the customers' heads. On several occasions, I experienced managers saying inappropriate things and outright ignoring employees and customers alike. Nice example, folks!Needless to say, I actually decided I'd rather pay more at a competing grocery store than keep going to this location. Thankfully, I've moved out of the area now and our new neighborhood Fry's is a vast improvement.
3	customer service has gone down over the last few years
1	Was waiting at the deli watching 8 PEOPLE  talking and preparing-food while I waited for over 5 minutes with no one else in line. This has now happened multiple times.  Very poor customer service. Plus all I see the management team doing on the floor is looking at their personal cell phones. Bad example of good business practices, they should be ashamed.....
3	best time to buy gas is late at night that is if your not scared of the darkIf it is over 105f better bring a cooler and buy some ice if you want to buy ice cream and expect to get it homeIt seems that management here are becoming more and more relaxed on the standards of the way things are done. Customer service a year ago was higher than they are now, but that's almost any place you go now days
3	Friendly staff at the check out.I only gave them a 3 because I came in on a weekend day and they really didn't have a selection of small cakes...everything in the display case was big or huge...I just wanted something for a small group of boys.It took me about 15 minutes to find an appropriate card also...which I didn't think was going to be so hard.The fruit selection was nice...and since it was close to a American Sports Center, they had a nice selection of beverages, though.The parking lot was crowded which seemed a bit strange...not used to circling around to find a spot...
1	Not a fan, but this is apparently the only grocery store in the area (there is a Food City but it is not a fully stocked grocery store) so unless I stop on the way home from work or am willing to drive out of my way- this is my only choice. Parking lot is just as crazy and busy as the store. People don't pay attention to where they are going or have an idea of driving etiquette; I've seen road rage, fender benders, speeders, people that park in the middle of the line-sit and wait for their friend to run in for something- apparently unaware they are blocking someone in. Inside the store shopping cart etiquette is just as bad- leaving carts in the middle of aisles, and leaving them floating out in open areas.There are constantly people loitering in the parking lot asking for money, making inappropriate comments towards people just trying to get an errand done, often time the people hanging outside the store are clearly intoxicated- often times it's the same group of people so it is clear that the store won't do anything to ensure the safety of the customers as well as those using the benches outside their store.The store is pretty well stocked, there are only a handful of occasions that they were out of something I needed. One frustration is that the deli, bakery and butcher are unpredictable. Often times there is no one at the butchers and there is no way to call someone (no bell or anything) so you have to search for someone to make a pa call. The bakery won't break their schedule for anything- I was throwing a dinner party and needed garlic bread, they were out and I asked if they could make two for me (my old frys always would) they said no, that I could buy the garlic butter and French bread to make it which is more expensive. The cashiers are also unpredictable - some are too busy flirting with the other staff to pay attention, some are slow and want your life story, some are great and get you through the line politely and quickly and one actually tried to read my whole receipt to me. The only way I can get my shopping done without wanting to pull my hair out is to go as early as possible in the morning - which with being a normal working person is not always possible. I just pray we get another grocery store option soon.
1	Pardon me while I copy and paste from Caitlyn C.'s review. I am however making a couple edits...Not a fan, but this is apparently the only grocery store in the area (there is a Food City but it is not a fully stocked grocery store) so unless I stop on the way home from work or am willing to drive out of my way- this is my only choice. Parking lot is just as crazy and busy as the store. People don't pay attention to where they are going or have an idea of driving etiquette; I've seen road rage, fender benders, speeders, people that park in the middle of the line-sit and wait for their friend to run in for something- apparently unaware they are blocking someone in. Inside the store shopping cart etiquette is just as bad- leaving carts in the middle of aisles, and leaving them floating out in open areas. In my opinion, this Fry's has the rudest customers. There are constantly people loitering in the parking lot asking for money, making inappropriate comments towards people just trying to get an errand done, often time the people hanging outside the store are clearly intoxicated- often times it's the same group of people so it is clear that the store won't do anything to ensure the safety of the customers as well as those using the benches outside their store.The store is is never well stocked. Even if I go early in the morning or evening I usually end up empty handed.  I have no issues with the deli. I have a minor problem with the bakery as they are very limited in what they can me. The butcher is unpredictable. Often times there is no one at the butchers and there is no way to call someone (no bell or anything) so you have to search for someone to make a pa call.The cashiers are also unpredictable - All of the younger crowds just want to to stand around and flirt and talk about parties and such. I only come to this location in dire need. I much prefer the Fry's @ 16380 West Yuma Road
