4	We go to Moonberries about once a week.  I'm a fan because of the variety of flavors they offer and the convenience to my house.  My 2 kids are very into frozen yogurt and I would either have to drive to Piper Glen or Blakeney to get our fix.  Now, Moonberries is here to save the day.It's kind of tucked back in this shopping center that will have a Harris Teeter (formerly Lowes Foods) so hopefully Moonberries business will benefit from the new anchor.  My one daughter goes for the vanilla with colored sprinkles and I typically go for the peach or pineapple yogurt, all self serve as is the trend nowadays.  The toppings are plentiful and the people who own the Establishment are very pleasant.I recommend Moonberries and hope this locally owned franchise sticks around for a long time.  Please support them.
5	Another yogurt place....just what we need.   As it turns out, it IS just what we need!!!The owners and staff are so very nice and make each visit a total pleasure before you even get to enjoy the creamy goodness that I like to call "the sweet nectar of the Gods!".The flavors change all the time so it is never boring.  The inside is always clean and fully stocked with awesome toppings...and lots of them!  The yogurt is the perfect combination of flavor and texture.  They even have a punch card to make frequent visits pay off.After eating at all the other yogurt places around, and there is a slew of them, this is by far the BEST one I have had....and boy, do I eat a lot of frozen yogurt!!!!
4	This place is close to where I work so I can easily come here after lunch or on my way home, which may not be a good thing! However it's always clean, the owners are friendly, and it's never crowded in there. I LOVE the Pistachio flavor and hope it never leaves. I've been to yogurt places with more topping variety but this place certainly has enough to please most people. I'll definitely be going back as the weather heats up!
4	Stopped by here the other night when I had a craving for frozen yogurt. Staff was incredibly friendly and the yogurt was amazing. Had the angel food cake yogurt with caramel and butterscotch bits as toppings. Highly recommended.
4	Great service and fresh toppings. Glad we went here instead of TCBY , great flavor and tons of toppings. Give them a try sorta a hidden jewel!
5	The yogurt beats Sweet Frog, TCBY, and all the other area frozen yogurt places.  You can tell the quality of the yogurt is top knotch and the ingredients are fresh....
