5	Definitely better than the Albertsons on Lake Mead and Hollywood in many ways. The Store layout is better. The Deli is right in the front. Their is a starbucks inside. The produce tastes fresher. The bakery seems to have better quality cakes and pies. I thought all grocery stores were the same but this is like the equivalent of shopping in a Albertsons in Summerlin compared to one on D street. And maybe the Albertsons on Lake Mead needs a store update. But this one just feels fresher and younger all around.
4	Although this one is less ghetto, this store seems a little dated (kinda like how some Vons stores felt). However, what is convenient is that there is a US bank (front), western union customer desk (next to US Bank), Starbucks (near the front side of the produce dept), pharmacy (next to Starbucks), and bakery in back (near produce and meat counter). Also, near the regular cashiers, are the self-serve registers. Seems to be busy all the time, as evidenced in the busy parking lot (strip mall). My MIL lives in the area, and this is her go-to grocery store, so I accompanied her today for a short trip (been here a few times though).
1	I had a terrible experience last night with a cashier. I went to purchase beer at the age of 32, i was with my son and was told i cannot buy alcohol due to him being present. The girl was rude, out of order and a complete bitch. Last time I shop here.
5	Absolutely LOVE this store!!! Everyone is always so friendly and there to help you. AMAZING customer service!!!
5	close to my house and the shopping center this place is located in has a few places i like to go to regularly. they always have decent deals on stuff we are constantly needing. the sushi here is decent for what it is and the bakery is on point. they keep a really good stock of yogurt which i love. i have been on this greek yogurt trend also, and they have a really good selection of fruits and veggies..check em out
4	I'm more of a late night shopper. It's easier to shop and dance in the aisles without getting embarrassed. And who doesn't like great deals?!
4	Even though there is an Albertsons / Sav-On closer to me, I come here quite a bit.  It is much cleaner and in a better neighborhood than the one on Nellis & Vegas Valley.  I would come here more often but I have to drive further and through a school zone that can be tedious and eternal.  If the city would make Sloan a through road and connect it to Vegas Valley, this would be my store.  But, here is my review from just this trip:I always find that the parking here is great.  I never see carts strewn across the lot and the lighting is comfortable and gives you a safe feeling.  Walking in, there are always tables set up with items that are on sale, and in the Sunday ads.  I walk by the Starbucks that was closed, as it was late that evening.  My objective this night was to find Nutella and Marshmallow creme for a dish that I was making for the Sake' potluck.  I had no idea where those items would be so I went on a pilgrimage through the store.  I found the marshmallow creme with no problems but, the Nutella was hiding someplace.  I ended up asking an employee and she walked me to the aisle and pointed it out for me.  The whole way she was talking to me, laughing and was very witty.  That always makes my night.  Someone who obviously likes her job and is great with people.  Albertson's - hell any place that deals with people need employees like her.  I wish I knew her name, but being laser focused on the job at hand, I didn't find out.  Check out was easy and off I went.I give the place 4 stars as I hate the drive from my place.
4	24 hour grocery store? What's not to like?!Sometimes when stores are open all the time it's hard to keep clean. This location is usually pretty clean. I've never walked in and thought "this is kind of gross." -If you're hungry and don't feel like cooking, definitely get some of their chicken. -They've been having a sale recently on their meat "buy 1 get 1 free." -they usually have some icecream on sale too!-downside? They always seem to be a little low on cashiers and if you go late, there might be a wait to pay.
3	This particular Albertson's is one of the bigger & better stores in my area.  Up in the North East area, we have slim pickin's when it comes to grocery stores & restaurants.  When my husband and I can't make it to Whole Foods, we buy our groceries here.  The produce is usually pretty good depending on what's in season.  We really like their fresh bread selection & the guys at the meat case are always really nice.  Albertson's discontinued their shopper's card program, so the prices are what you see is what you get.
1	I do not like this store every time u go there u think something is one price when u check your ticket thing r alot higher than stickers say I think I will stay with, smiths at least they have there prices right. I bought a candle it said it was 1, $ when I got to my car they were 699 and 799 I was not happy.then I look at the recite again bacon was 199 I got charged 399 I, quite they can keep there so called lower prices!!!
