5	My move was unique. I only needed assistance for a few pieces that were too heavy/big for me and my vehicle. I called several moving companies, including In or Out Movers, all of which quoted me for at least several hours of work plus other fees - the lease expensive quote was about $185. The furniture only needed to be moved to a storage unit about 5 miles down the road and I knew from previous experience that the move wouldn't take 2+ hours.I was starting to wonder if $185 was the best price I could get with only a couple days notice. Then Terry, with In or Out Movers called me back - knowing the pieces I needed moved and where they were going, In or Out Movers significantly reduced their original quote AND offered to come out to do the job the next morning. Terry's efforts to work with me and the specific needs of my situation was refreshing.The two gentlemen who came out (from the East to West Valley, no less!) to help me move were friendly and a pleasure to work with. In and Out Movers offered me a competitive quote for my move and were easy to communicate with prior to the move.If you're looking for movers, please consider contacting Terry with In and Out Movers  :)
5	I recently moved from Chicago to Phoenix which I did by myself and was very stressful for me.  I called Terry at In or Movers who couldn't have been more helpful.  The movers he sent were courteous and most professional.  They moved  everything within 2 hours in the desert heat.  Nothing was broken and they went the extra mile to help me return the U-Haul truck.  I was so grateful to them for taking the load of stress off of me, especially after the long drive from Chicago.I will definitely use In or Out Movers again and highly recommend you do so too!
1	I hired In or Out Movers to transfer my furniture and approximately 20 medium sized boxes from my one bedroom apartment to a condo less than one mile away.  All of my furniture was bare, the boxes were packed and labelled, and everything was stacked neatly in the living room.  I even had the boxes in order by room.  My move was scheduled for noon on November 29th.  They arrived around 12:30 and the horror began.First of all, they didn't bring tools with them, though I had explicitly informed Terry that I had several pieces of furniture that needed to be dismantled before they could be moved and he assured me that they would have a drill and any other tools needed.  I even confirmed two days before the move that they would have the appropriate tools for the job and still they arrived unprepared.  Luckily, I had my own set and I was able to dismantle my own furniture while Terry and his counterpart did who-knows-what elsewhere.  Every direction I gave was questioned, questioned again, and then ignored.  I was asked repeatedly to move my own items (i.e. "don't you have a backseat that you can put this in?" regarding my television and lamps), and treated to a condescending attitude about some of my less expensive furniture (i.e.: "Do you really want that moved?" in regard to a storage cabinet from my bathroom).  To top it all off they damaged several pieces of my furniture, including completely dropping the drawers out of one of my nightstands on to the asphalt.  I watched as they hurriedly shoved the drawers back in and then argued about it.In the middle of their arguing and breaking things, they did manage to move my stuff.  Though I did all the breakdown and reassembly, it still took them nearly three hours to move my furniture and handful of boxes!  They each disappeared for up to 20 minutes at a time and several times returned empty handed from trips to the truck.  Instead of stacking several boxes on the dolly and moving them all at once, they moved one at a time.  Considering that I packed and stacked each box myself, and I am a 5' tall female, they could not possibly have been so heavy or cumbersome as to require individual trips on a heavy duty dolly.  The truck was poorly loaded and disorganized, and several random things (like a 2-step ladder) went missing.Just believe me that it was the worst moving experience I have ever endured.  Find another company, or hell, find some college students and pay them in beer.  They couldn't do any worse.
4	Spoke with Terry about a really small move I had.  I just needed to move 5 pieces of furniture down to my storage unit a mile down the road and every moving company I called wanted more than $200 for the job.  Needless to say that Terry took care of me with a quote that was ALOT cheaper.  My items were moved swiftly and with care.  I would recommend again.  Thank you.
5	I would highly recommend terry and his crew! They did an outstanding job and were very meticulous in how they placed the items on the truck. My move was not easy. It required moving furniture from two homes and then moving some furniture into storage. Methodically we talked about a game plan and Terry and his crew carefully moved everything to the new locations. And the move didn't take an extensive period of time either. Terry considered the way plan to cut down on time and money. I can't say enough good things about this business. I will definitely use in or out movers again! And will highly recommend them to anyone that wants smart professional and responsible movers. Thanks again Terry!!
5	Writing a five star review for movers seems weird - people are always complaining about bad attitude, time wasting, breaking stuff, extortion, etc. When the top yelp reviewed businesses had no openings to move us on our chosen day, and In or Out readily agreed, I was a bit skeptical. But their rates were awesome, the three guys who showed up were polite and cheerful and importantly, efficient and did a fantastic job. We moved a three bedroom house in three hours (just furniture and some appliances and miscellaneous garage and patio stuff, no boxes). We did go five minutes over and we were wondering if we'd be charged for an extra hour, but they nicely rounded down. It was a short move within the a few miles, so we weren't wanting any packing or special handling. They did come prepared with furniture and appliance dollies, padded covering and blankets and tapes to tie up loose doors, drawers and cables.
5	I found Terry from In Or Out Movers on the internet, since I live in Los Angeles, and was helping my daughter move in the Scottsdale area. Terry sounded completely professional and made me quite comfortable in a matter of a few minutes. The outcome was incredible. I had one of the greatest crews of three men, all of whom were professional, and incredibly hard workers with a great attitude. This was a large home that took two trips. and they never ever slowed down until it was completed. They even had their lunch in the truck while driving to the second load. Everything went as smooth as could be. The quality and knowledge of this crew in packing the truck was also phenomenal. This was a first class move from start to finish. AAAAA+
5	Very pleased with these guys.  We had some issues on our close and move date, Terry was very accommodating on our date mix ups.  Leonard and one other gentleman (I don't recall his name (Alex?), but also extremely pleasant) showed up on time, and promptly started loading.  We moved an entire house from one place to another (not just a few boxes!).  It was a long day for them, and they knocked it out of the park.  My biggest concern was my full sized gun safe, they moved it out and in no problem!  I even had a motorcycle with a dead battery, no problem, they loaded it up and transported it.I have to say many companies are out there with prices all over the board, these guys are the most reasonably priced, and did a great job.  No breakage, quick, and nice guys!You won't go wrong with them!  Call Terry, and book them today.
5	From the first phone call, Terry was very courteous  and professional.  I called another moving company with lower rates just to get a quote and by the time they added in fees and taxes, the rates were NOT lower. Day of the move,  the guys Terry sent to help us kept us informed of what was going on from start to finish. While it feels funny not doing anything, I can definitely recommend this moving company without reservation!
5	Terry, Leonard, Bob, and Adam were all great to work with.  They got the job done in just 3.5 hours.  One shelf broke in the move, but it wasn't very good quality to begin with.  They efficiently moved every piece of furniture and all boxes in a timely manner.  Also the initial quote I was given reflected the end cost, which I was very pleased about because there have been other moving companies that have tried to swindle me by adding more money at the end.  I would hire In or Out again in the future.   Thank you and Merry Christmas!
5	I have only good things to say about these guys. I called them the day before I needed movers and they were the most affordable out of any competitor. I needed my furniture moved from a storage unit into a townhome near by. They showed up on time, gave me a 10-15 minute heads up for me to get to the storage unit, and they were fast!!! Holy cow. What would've taken me a solid 7 hours to do, they did in under 3. It was the best money I had spent since moving. I will definitely use them again when we move in a year. So thankful for Terry and his reliability. This made moving really easy!!!
