5	Our committee was debating whether to do all of the planning and people finding on our own, but we were all reluctant to sign a contract with a hotel, front a deposit and have to devote hours to people finding.  We also wanted something a bit more causual than the standard sit-down dinner and wanted to it all for a more affordable price.  We worked with a reunion company for our 10 year, and had heard that other classes didn't have great experiences with that company, so sought out feedback for new reunion companies. We found a few people, including Pete with Reunion Coordinator. We were instantly impressed with Pete and his professionalism, but had some concerns since it was a newer branch of his business and we weren't sure his company would really profit just on negotiated discounts he could tap into through a parent company.  Needless to say we ended up signing a contract with Reunion Coordinator.  Pros included very personable staff, willing to coach us along the way, Cons, included having to people ourselves, through facebook, which ended up being a daunting task, but in the end managable.  The Venue was beautiful (Pointe Tapitio), but the ticket price (near $60 per person) was still a very high price-point for a few appetizers.  The name tag lanyards, DJ and photographer were professional and helped the event really feel like something special.  It was so much fun looking through all of the photos that RC sent out to attendees (through the RC facebook page). The photos were down-loadable so many of us posted them to our facebook pages and were able to share our evening with others via the photos.Our committee also hosted a family picnic with about a 25-35 person turn out.  It was nice to provide all classmates including those who coudln't afford Sat. night or who weren't into a party scene with a chance to come (with or without kids). The price was perfect at $6 per person to $15 per family. All in all it was a great weekend, which I'm glad to now put past me (I haven't logged onto facebook since posting a few reunion posts -I don't want to see that site for another 10 years!).  I highly recommend RC, particularly since they are working on bringing down the Saturday night price-points.
2	I started getting random facebook posts a year before my reunion from this company, "Your reunion is coming up!  Reunion coordinator handled my reunion and it was amazing!"  This was annoying.  Eventually, the reunion committee (however they were mysteriously selected) decided that they liked the idea of having a portion of the price of every ticket going to the company to help them plan the best reunion ever.  I got frequent posts from the reunion coordinator asking about silly fashions, ways we spent lunch, etc., and encouraging me to invite my friends to the group.  I had an online conversation with the coordinator and discovered that the only way they find alumni is through social media.  Well, heck, I can go on facebook and do a search for High School X, Year 19whatever and come up with an alumni list, too, so what's the benefit if we're doing all the inviting of the less obvious classmates ourselves?  Our amazing reunion will cost $30 to hang out at a local country club, eat some appetizers, and have access to a cash bar.  There will apparently be a DJ and a photographer present, as well.  I'm very curious as to how much of the cost of each ticket will go to Reunion Coordinator.  I will be keeping my $30 to myself.  I always thought the point of a reunion was to catch up with people you'd lost track of over the years, not to hang out with people you already communicate with.  Out of a class of 300+, there are about 250 in the group on facebook.  That's a lot of classmates unaccounted for.  Way too much "Buy your ticket, buy your ticket, buy your ticket!"  Not enough incentive to do so.
1	The experience P.J. wrote about is exactly what happened with my reunion. They hound people constantly to buy tickets. The lack of other communication routes is a big issue. I bought my ticket because I wanted to go, but I felt disgusted in giving this company my money. Save your money and go with a different company, or just use Facebook and do it yourself (since that's what these people do anyways).
4	I was one of the committee members for my 10 year HS reunion and I am so thankful my friend and I hired this company. We originally started off thinking we could rent our own venue and do this ourselves, but everywhere wanted a down payment of $3,000!! There was no way I was going to put that on my CC or anyone else was since we had heard the class above ours canceled theirs the week of. Luckily my friend knew about this company and we met with them and was amazed by how much they offered up front. The deal is great...venue, DJ, photographer, and help throughout the process all as a packaged deal. None of us had to put any money up front we just had to post on social media and come up with fun ways to get our class excited about the event. We ended up selling over a hundred tickets and had a great turnout!I highly recommend hiring this company if you have a large class like we did (over 500) it helps the planning of it not seem so scary to put on. To have someone always available to answer questions and to give you ideas on what to say in your posts on Facebook was extremely helpful. Thank you again for all your help, our classmates are still talking about how much fun they had!
5	Thank goodness Reunion Coordinator's found us!  We had no idea what we were doing planning our 10 year reunion. Reunion Coordinators stepped in and handled everything from guiding us through the whole thing,     Venue choices were great and there was no out of pocket cost for the committee.
