3	We stayed here on the first night of our honeymoon, & this place was just fine. The bathroom was clean, the bed comfortable, and the staff was polite. They gave us a late checkout, which was very much appreciated. We weren't bowled over, but this place was exactly what we wanted and expected for the price. We have no complaints!
2	So, we had an offer to stay at a friends house for the night and we now regret passing it up. I figured, it would be best to stay close to the airport so we didn't have to deal with the rush hour traffic. Driving in from the Denver area, I asked my girlfriend to look for a place close to the airport. She found this place on Google with very good reviews. I'm not sure why she didn't use TripAdvisor. Probably because I always tell her "Google Knows everything" lol. Anyway, we arrived and were greeted by a nice young lady and the place seemed fine. The lobby area was clean. We made our way to the room, which upon first glance seemed okay. The sitting area was a nice size and the kitchenette area was clean. However, as we made our way in, I noticed the musty odor that is mentioned in other reviews. I decided to look at some reviews and see if maybe we were the lucky recipient of a room that had not been renovated yet. After reading the reviews and comments from the manager, I figured this must be the case. No problem right? Sure, I called down to the front desk and said to the nice young lady "I see in your reviews, the hotel is having some renovations done and it seems we have received one of the musty smelling rooms that hasn't been addressed yet. Do you have a room that has been renovated, that we can be moved to?" Her response was, "we have been doing some renovations, however not to the rooms. I don't have a nicer room that I can move you to. Sorry." Well, I said to my girlfriend, it's just one night and I don't feel like driving to another hotel. After sitting on the old, run down, uncomfortable love seat watching TV for a while, I said, we should probably move to the bed as it has to be better than this seat. So, we got ready for bed and pulled the comforter back to find sheets that must have been queen size because they definitely didn't fit this king size bed. Whatever, hey the bed has like six pillows on it and two extra in the closet. Great, not, the pillows were plentiful, however they're about half the size of a normal pillow. Okay, I'm tired of trashing the place. Have a look at the pictures (worth a thousand words.) I'm sure with some true renovations, this will be a decent place to stay. I would guess the very good reviews this place has received are the work of some reputation building company or maybe we did just receive one of the older rooms and they didn't want to relocate us. Not returning anytime soon.Stayed October 2013
3	It's a good place to stay. The hotel could use a little love. The halls were a bit dark and the walls could use a touch up here and there. That being said I was very impressed with the room. For starters it had a dishwasher in the kitchen which I personally think is cool. When it comes to beds and pillows this place gets 10 out of 10.  I normally have trouble sleeping in hotels on the first night but the bed and pillows were so comfortable I slept like a baby. The bathrooms were clean and the AC was excellent!
