4	I always get good service going through the drive-through mostly. I hardly ever have to wait since this is the less busiest location. I've never had a bad experience.
5	Wonderful people!
3	This Starbucks has good service and good coffee. The only reason I give it 3 stars is the prices are way to expensive for me. $5 for a cup of coffee eek. I rarely come to Starbucks, usually only during the holiday times. I love their pumpkin/christmas drinks. Every now and again they will have bags of coffee on sale and I'll grab one. They do sell Starbucks coffee at Costco, but only the french roast. I'm also a fan of their verismo machine, but $199! Ouch!So in summary: Good service, Good coffee, Just to expensive for me.
4	Love the drive through!!!  Drive up order, pay, get drink, and on your way in less than 5 mins.  WHOA!!!  Green tea...  =)  The prices for flavored water (green tea) is kind of pricy especially, when I gup it down pretty quickly!
1	Why does this place have 4 stars????? It's so slow!!! Are u kidding u took 15 mins for a Carmel frap?? And it taste like sh***t
3	Their coffee usually tastes burnt, but the employees are the nicest people ever so they get three stars when the coffee rates two at most. I wish I could give them more stars but really when I pay $6 for a latte I really need it not to taste burnt. This started happening a year ago and is now consistent. Not sure what changed but it's to the point where I'm ordering tea and refreshers instead of coffee, and drinking the low quality coffee at my office because at least it doesn't taste charred.I can't stress enough how awesome the employees are. They're so great I feel bad saying the coffee is sub-par, but it's sub-par at EVERY location so I don't blame the baristas, I blame the product they have to work with.
3	I visit this Starbucks two to three times a week and I love it!My drinks are always delicious and the service is great and quick!I order both inside and through drive through!Definitely a great hang out spotI visited this Starbucks recently and one of the baristas didn't smile once! She didn't seem too friendly and looked annoyed.
4	Best Starbucks drive thru I've experienced.  Though I have had the occasional drink muck ups, for the most part they get my drinks right and they don't comment on my bedraggled appearance.  There's not much more a girl can ask for...especially when she looks like Chewbacca early in the morning.
