5	I love this facility.  I leave my dog here for both daycare and for overnight boarding.  It is fantastic and has a staff who cares.  They also take pictures of the dogs at play each day and post to facebook.  While you are away you can still stay connected with what you dog did.  I have used One Lucky Pup for two years.  In addition, One Luck Pup has a monthly birthday party for the dogs that attend day care.
5	I've always hated boarding my dog. He has seperation anxiety and in a traditional kennel he peed himself nightly, chewed up his bedding, and chewed through his enclosure. He is not a chewer at all at home.At One Lucky Pup, he was so happy! I watched him over the fence where he couldn't see me the first time and as soon as I walked away he was running and playing. He came home happy and tired.The owner really cares about the dogs. She uploads 30+ pictures of the dogs every night. I made an appointment for tomorrow after not  going in 6 months and she remembers Perry and can't wait to see him. He will be so excited to go play with his friends, and I don't have to pull my hair out worrying over what to do with him on vacation anymore.
5	Our puppy loves it here! I know she plays all day, as we see the pictures that are put up on Facebook and when she comes home she sleeps all evening and through the night.She loves being boarded here too and helps us by seeing the pictures of her having a good time!All the staff as been very caring and wonderful and answered all questions we had about the place.
5	As good as it gets is right!!! Great place, clean, nice people, fun, friendly dogs, swimming pool, slides, toys & balls galore!!  No dull moments here.  Our dogs have been going to One Lucky Pup for four years.  Would not take them anywhere else!  They almost tackle us to get out of the car when they get there - then sleep for two days straight when they get home.  It has the "dog seal of approval".
5	Our three dogs LOVE IT! Jayne and staff are friendly, accomodating and treat our pups as their own. They get so excited to come here, and  it's awesome looking at pics of them play on Facebook. I have always been hesitant with boarding because all of our dogs are rescues and have some "special needs" but I never have to worry when they are at One Lucky Pup!
5	My puppy was worn out after his first day of doggy daycare. I've never seen him sleep so soundly!The place and staff are very warm and welcoming. You can tell they are true dog-lovers, not just doing their job. We were so sad to move because not every doggy daycare has such wonderful, devoted staff. I thought it was super cute how attached they all got to my pup. They were inquiring when we would come back to visit. Great place for doggy daycare and boarding!
