5	Guess who finally found a butcher shop in Verdun, Qc? Yes yes yes I did. And I immediately went for my preferred steak, the KING of steaks, a Rib Eye steak, perfectly marbled, and once I seared that baby, it was easily in my top 10 steaks of all time. We're talkin' some seriously good steak here and at $6.50 for 10oz. we're talking some seriously cheap eats that turn out better than restaurant fair.  I also purchased some onsite handmade sausage that looks just wonderfull. But since I was simply walking by and discovered this, from what I hear, Verdun institution I didn't have anything in mind. But the possibilities in this meatopolis are seemingly endless. I saw every possible cut of beef, veal, pork, venison, and delicious duck. They also have prepared meals and other tasty goodies for meat lovers. Seriously there is no hope for me now that I have a serious meat shop just around the corner (sorta). The service was great, helpful  and friendly. Butchery is a dying art and anyone with a love of food should support their local butchers. Keep in mind that if you buy steak at your local chain store supper market is cheap quality, often very badly butchered and overpriced, while a butcher has a deeper appreciation and respect for meat. You don't have to eat offal to be a meat lover, enjoying a good quality steak is sufficient and reason enough to bypass the chain store and go support your local butcher, local fishmonger and local whatever. Make friends with the owner and you'll see the good stuff that comes from this relationship. It's like going to a bar, if you're a good tipper, by the end of the night, your drinks are free.
5	Clean, friendly, cheap, knowledgable, well-stocked.The owner speaks fluent Korean, and he has everything a Korean needs.Delivers for free if order is more than $20.(usually 1-4pm for downtown location)Order before 1pm. (or the morning, or the day before is great)Price (per kilo)chadol baggie (beef) 6.79frozen kalbi (beef, with bone) 11.70bulgogi (beef)  8.69mok sal (porc)  6.59 (a little more expensive than korean groceries)pork belly (sam gyup sal) 6.99an chang sal (hampe, beef) 8.49 - call to check availability.He even sells beef tail (but not head)
5	You know you're having a "Verdun" moment when you walk into a butcher shop owned by expatriate continental Frenchman (as in from France) that not only specialized in French, continental, and American cuts but also ASIAN cuts as well and the friendly staff there break out into perfect French, English or Korean at any given time.Seriously, the best, thickest cuts of bacon I've ever seen, freshest lamb shanks ever, great made-on-the-premises sausages. If you are a carnivore or happily-content omnivore, you will have died and gone to heaven when you walk in here.Staff are super-friendly and helpful and the place is meticulously clean. Prices are also very,very reasonable given the quality of meat here. Every neighbourhood should be so lucky to have a great butcher shop like Le Viandal.
5	best prices in town, best quality meat in townthese guys don't fool aroundif you like beef ribs or classic french cuts they have it all and can custom cut for you re needs. Also heard they cater to lots of high end restaurants.If you live across town, you should do the detour and you won't regret it.I know my meets, these guys are the real deal.
