3	The biggest strength of value city is the low prices!  That being said, I was far less impressed with the pick-up process.  We opted to pick up all of our items and we hired a private mover.  When we arrived, only 1 chairs was available for us to take.  No sofa, and no vertical wall desk.  Note: I was having a party THAT evening,  Thankfully, a manager allowed me to use floor samples so I had furniture for my guests.  That being said, I wasn't delighted to take floor samples since I had already paid the full price.  But, I didn't have a choice.  Everything worked out with the exception of the 1 chair that was not available as a floor model.  So in the end, I got the furniture I needed minus a living room chair.  The delivered the chair the following week.Other than this mishap, I think the price is good for the product and the salesman was helpful but not too pushy.  I like my furniture.  It's not top notch stuff but it looks good and feels good.  It works ;)
3	I have made a few purchases at VCF. Most of their stuff is pretty reasonably priced, and they graciously replaced an entire chair for me when a friend of mine screwed right through the back while setting it up. That being said, this furniture is certainly not the highest quality- so don't go into it thinking you will be getting something that will last years - you get what you pay for folks. Service: I will say Kim in particular really helped explain all the specials and deal options (shop on Sundays and you can choose which weeks deal to use). We did end up coming back to purchase a chair but the guy who helped us this time didn't seem to care if he made the sale or not. I don't like pushy sales people but we would have walked away and bought the chair months later (he said it would still be available) only to find out that the price would be $40 more...those are the kinds of things I want to know from a sales person. Granted commission would not be as much on a lone chair, but good service would have been appreciated.
5	Hi shauna and jeff! Its Kym from the University location. Just wanted to thank you for the kind words in your tips! Im in customer service at my store but please come in any time and say hi! Would love to see you! Ps- the stores getting a face lift! Come see! Thanks again guys! Means a lot to me!!
5	The manager at the university location in Charlotte nc, Kathy Taylor, is the best! I had Purchased a couch there and decided to move it myself. Needless to say it wouldn't fit. In the process, I damaged the couch (tore a hold through it) trying to fit it through the door, knocked my door off and tore a huge chuck of sheet rock off the wall. I was devastated. With no recourse, I called them to see if there was any way to bring the couch back and pay for delivery to see if they could fit it( maybe I was doing something wrong) however, I knew it just wasn't going to fit and I would need a new couch. I didn't expect anything from them as I damaged the couch and it was my fault. I came in thinking i was out of my money and would just suck it up and purchase a new couch. Kathy worked with me and allowed me to swap the couch I paid for with something smaller that would fit  and much cuter might I add! What great customer service!!! I was literally in tears in the store. You will never know how much stress you alievated Kathy. It looks great in my living room and I'm so happy I will not shop for furniture anywhere else. I will be calling corporate as well...this type of service and kindness is unheard of these days. Brittany P
5	I just moved to Charlotte, so I've been shopping at ALL reasonably priced furniture stores: VCF, IKEA, Furniture Row, Ashley Furniture, etc. I found that Value City offers... well the best value for their prices. I bought a wonderful stylish sleeper sofa for $599, a chic bed for around $400, and a great stone top dining set for six for $299. I am pretty picky on terms of style and quality, and I am very happy with my purchases!This store in particular has a good variety, but look online too because I noticed that it gets updated more frequently. When I came in the store to make a purchase, the sofa that I wanted went off of sale online just a couple days before, but they still gave me $100 discount!My sales person was Karen who was very nice and helped me get the discount. One part of the drawer on the bed was missing when I received it but they ordered another for me immediately. Overall, I really liked the prices and the service, and I'm definitely coming back for other furniture!
1	We stopped in yesterday afternoon to look at and possibly purchase a living room set. We picked out a set we liked and the sales lady told us there was no interest for 12 months financing. After we filled out the application the sales lady had another customer waiting for her and took us to the checkout area to complete our transaction. Another lady behind the counter proceeded to print off the papers for me to sign. When I read over the papers, the finance charge was 21 percent interest! I told her I thought it was interest free for 12 months, she said it's just a small amount and stepped away while I continued reading the contract, but she never came back! I thought she just stepped away to go to the restroom or something. I asked the only lady left behind the counter about it and she told me to call the finance company. After being on hold with them for about 15 minutes we canceled the order but not before they tried to pressure us to make the purchase. I finally had to tell her firmly to please cancel my order. We left and went to La-z-Boy, where they actually honored the interest-free 12 month financing and our transaction took less than 10 minutes.
5	A salesperson offered to assist me at the door and when I informed him I was going to look around, he gave me his name and off I went.  No one else bothered me while perusing the furniture.  I stopped in to check out a chair I saw at the other location.  I looked around, found the chair, called the sales person who met me at the door, he answered my questions, took me to the register, rang up the sale, told me when to expect delivery, and it was a done deal.  It doesn't get any easier than that.
1	Buyer beware if you elect to buy insurance with VCF.   When we bought our living room set I really didn't want the insurance, but I was assured by the sales lady if ANYTHING was wrong with the set it would be fixed or replaced.  Yes, I should have read the warranty.We had some stains appear on the side of the lazy boy chair.  I went to a VCF store, not the University store, to see how I could make a claim.  I was told to be very careful what I said when I contacted the claims office, because everything is recorded. The claims person I talked with was very friendly and helpful.I took a half day off to wait on the claims rep from 1 to 5pm and he showed around 4pm, which was fine.  He took some pictures, asked how old the furniture was and noticed we had dogs.  Two days later I received an email indicating our claim was declined because of "beverage".  The stain is on the side of the chair, in a place where any reasonable person wouldn't think it was caused by a liquid.  So much for "anything" is covered.Bottom line:  I will never purchase anything from VCF again, you are better off spending a little more money at a reputable store and good luck on getting a claim approved if you get their insurance.
