5	I will give this place 5 stars all daylong. Try the veal chop or anything on the table d'hote and you won't be disappointed
4	They had me at bruschetta.  This is the first Italian restaurant I've been to that gave complimentary bruschetta with the bread and oil and it was a really nice touch.  It was a quite weeknight with only a couple of other customers inside so the service was prompt and friendly.I started with the Stracciatella which was absolutely delicious.  For an entree I ordered the Fettucini Bel Sol which is relatively simple but was very good.  I normally would have also had some wine but wasn't drinking that night so I can't comment on that.  They did appear to have a very large selection though.I wasn't able to take advantage of this but they had signs in the entrance that parking would be free.  It looked like only street parking in the area so I'm not sure if they validate it or how that works.  I would happy return here after checking out a few of the other restaurants in the area.
4	This restaurant is rather delightful. While there seemed to be some backlog at the entryway, the general decor and ambiance makes this establishment feel classy. The tables are done well, the waiters (I decline to use the word 'servers' here on purpose) are attentive, and cooperative - this translates to better table side service.The wine menu is pleasant, and they serve free bruschetta. Their bread is also really soft, and served warm - pretty decent table balsamic vinegar. We both ordered pasta, and again, while the service time was a bit long (20 mins for a main dish), we were distracted by the appetizers. The restaurant also delivers on menu ingredients as listed for the dishes (lots of clams, bacon/ham, mushrooms, etc - none of the pretentiousness followed by a paltry portion). The dessert is accompanied with fruit and other sundries. No returned dishes, and well informed staff.In all, it was a great experience. For as large and well maintained an area, it was largely empty for a late Friday night dinner, but at about $50/person, the service is rather impeccable!
