4	I tried this salon since it is close to my new house. I was set up with Mickey and was leary about having a guy cut my hair, but figured it was so grown out I had nothing to lose. Mickey did exactly what I wanted! My hair looked fabulous when I left! It was a small salon with what looked like 1 manicurist and 3 hairstylists at the time I was there (Tues around 4pm). I am super glad he didn't push a bunch of products on me when I left too. Hate that about the trendier places. The only gripe I have is that he had another guy wash my hair. The guy used rubber gloves and it was far from relaxing. I'm used to the shampoo portion being a little mini head massage and this was more like he was he was scrubbing a dirty counter... Jerky, scrubbby and almost hurt. This guy is why I had to -1 a star. I am glad that Mickey turned things around. He really took his time with my cut. I told him I liked lots of layers and big huge fluffy hair. He spent quite a bit of time making sure everything was even, did a blow out, added a few awesome smelling products and then thinned out some of the upper layers to give me more lift. He also offers a free trim your bangs between your haircuts which is nice. I do plan on going back again and maybe even for other services such as a pedicure.
5	I have been a client of Micky Yost for over 8 years. I cannot say enough good things about Micky's knowledge and skill. Every where I go, people stop me to ask who does my hair. Micky has been doing hair for over 35 years,yet he remains cutting edge. Always going to shows and classes to remain knowledgeable for what any client may want. I get my hair high-lighted blonde, however I watch him do every sort of hair and everyone walks out looking fantastic. He has become the "known" person in town for hair extensions. What an amazing transformation to watch him do. I love my visits to the salon. Tom, Micky's assistant is an fantastic partner to the process. Always conscientious of how the client prefers the temperature of the water and so gentle when pulling those darned plastics out of my hair. Over the years I have referred so many people to him, it's like a party when I walk in the place! Once you go to Micky, you never leave. In 8 years, I believe 2 times I wanted my hair just a little different than it turned out. Micky insisted that I come back right away. He would squeeze me into his schedule to make sure I was perfectly happy with my hair. I adore Micky Yost.
5	I recently moved to Vegas and found Kalisha after another place butchered my hair. She did a tremendous job fixing it and I've been going ever since! Kalisha is a great hair stylist.
5	I was recommended to Mickey by a friend a few years ago and have gone to Yost Salons ever since. Completely trust Mickey with my hair. He really is an expert with color and cut. Awesome friendly staff and very reasonable pricing. You won't find a better deal in town!
5	Mickey and Tom are great! I appreciate that Mickey was not afraid to cut my daughters hair short when she wanted it cut. And what a fabulous cut he did. She looks so cute! Not to mention my own hair. He always knows just what to do to make it look great.
1	I was referred to Brandon at this salon by a co worker. I went for a consultation and he said he could do what I was looking to achieve which was put some low light colors in my very light bleached blonde hair. To add depth and dimensions to the washed out bleached blonde.I ended up making an appointment with him...as he was promising me that I would be his last appointment of the day so he could concentrate on getting my hair right since it is often difficult to add color to porous bleached hair and mine is long. When I arrived at 4pm for my appointment he had other clients and he continued to take walk ins as I was there. I told him I need a filler because my hair wont hold color and that I specifically do not want anything with ash. I wanted caramel honey type lowlights. He would not put a filler on it as I requested. He put my lowlights on and had me hand him the papers which resulted in me getting dye on my fingers to which he brushed off as my fault. So I said ok I will deal with it. Just get my hair right I only arranged a babysitter for 3hrs.  By the time he juggled me and his other clients it was 8pm 4hrs later and when my hair was washed out it was GREEN. So I panicked and he ensured me it would be ok so he did two peroxide washes to remove the green which did not fully come out. Then he asked if I wanted to just call it a night since it was so long of a process. Ummm no....I had come for a reason and I SHOULD have just left but I really wanted my hair right ( not ash ) like I had envisioned and I was already paying a babysitter.So I told him to put a red tone on top of the green brown that was lingering to try and blend it at LEAST. He reluctantly agreed but by this time it was approaching 10pm !!!! Again with the red he would not use a filler and he did not tone it so by the time it was washed out and he blew it half dry to try and see the color but I was tired and it was now 11pm I just wanted to go home. I paid him...what he had quoted me at the consultation $85 and I left him a $20 tip. I told him I would look at my hair after I got home and contact him to tell him how it turned out fully dry and styled. Well once I got home I blew it out flat ironed it and to my disgust saw the red streaks were blotchy uneven and half washed out to a pink. The overall hair color is ash on top of blonde with faded pink :(((( I called Brandon and...text him the next day and the day after. I have received no response from him. Originally I just wanted my hair fixed after 7hrs and such an experience that I paid for!! But now I would just like my MONEY back. It's terrible customer service and now I am stuck with hair I am unhappy with and absolutely no response from the person that did it. Very disappointed and feel ripped off. I dont recommend this experience for anyone and I will definitely tell everyone I know to NOT go to that salon or stylist. Especially for COLOR!!
1	Walk in Sat and scheduled for next day.  He called to reschedule for next Friday.  NO SHOW  Nice Lady there took care of me  Next appointment fine, Next appointment NO SHOW but she rescheduled later in the day.  Next  appointment NO SHOW she is out of town. Oh Yeah last time I did see someone she used a dirty brushy filled with hair on me.
1	This is the worst "salon" I have ever set foot in.  It is old and DIRTY, no receptionist behind the mostly empty display case/counter nor a decorative accent or picture on the wall to welcome a customer.    The person who performed the service did not even have her Beauty License displayed and kept her utensils hidden from my site.  Had I not been in such need of the service I went in for, I would have left immediately after a "look around".  The service performed was terrible.  STAY AWAY!
5	I love this salon! It's simple, clean, close to my house, and Tom is a great stylist! He chats with me before he starts cutting to ensure I get the style I want and follows up to make sure it's working out for me. I was referred here a few years ago and I have been coming ever since.
5	I always go to Holly for my hair- she's fabulous! She knows exactly what I need done and I'm always really happy with it. I get so many compliments on my hair! She's great about fitting me in whenever is convenient for me- I love it! Even though the salon is far from my house, it's totally worth the drive. I recommend her whenever anyone asks where I get my hair done.  Thanks, Holly! :)
5	I love this salon, especially my stylist Holly.  My mom loves the way holly does my hair so much that she wants to fly out here from 1200 miles away and get her hair done. The salon is smaller but they have a lot to offer....plus everyone is friendly and the salon is clean.
5	I have followed Britny White wherever she goes and this salon is the best. She is a great hairstylist who aims to please and will go out of her way to give you what you ask for.  She is very friendly and personable and you feel like you've known her her whole life.  She makes you feel at ease and when you leave you always are happy.  If you suggest something she doesn't feel is good for your skin color or face shape she will let you know.  She is good with matching skin tones with hair styles and colors.  She is new to this salon.  Come see her and give her a chance.  She will be your favorite stylist.  :) You'll never want to change stylists again!
5	New to Yost Salons Exclusive and I like the atmosphere. Britny White is the best hairdresser I have ever been too. My hair is always perfect and silky smooth. I will follow her anywhere.
1	I went yesterday for a simple trim with Brandon. It seemed fine but upon further inspection it is horrible. I wanted a simple  trim, nothing fancy.  Just wanted a straight cut. It is uneven on the front and I have stray longer hairs. He butchered my hair and I never want him to touch me again. He is a nice guy but should not be cutting hair if he doesn't know how. He even charged me $40 and I gave him a $10 tip. Way too much for what he did to me. It is the worst haircut I've ever had. Avoid him. Nice guy but horrible hairdresser.
5	This is a follow up to my first review. I got my hair butchered on Saturday. On Sunday (salon is closed) I contacted Britny through a family member and told her what Brandon did to my hair. I explained to her how uneven and ridiculous my hair looked and she called the owner. Not even 5 minutes later, I get a call from her apologizing profusely and telling me that they would open the salon for me on a Sunday because when they saw the Yelp picture they could not believe that that guy did that to me. She squeezed me in that same afternoon and I kid you not, she couldn't believe how much worse my hair looked in person. She literally took pictures of my haircut to show the owner since it was all discombobulated. Britny gave me an entirely new haircut since it was uneven all over. The whole time she kept apologizing to me about what was done. Let me just say that she turned a hair disaster into a hair miracle. She did an excellent job. She fixed the botched job that Brandon did to my poor hair. She really did go above and beyond to amend the problem and didn't even want to charge me. I'm extremely happy with my haircut, done by an absolute professional like Britny. I will definitely go back again to that salon to see Britny but I will avoid Brandon like the plague. He should not be allowed near scissors. If anything, I think I deserve an apology from him and my money back. I didn't pay 40 to get a haircut that looked like I put a weed wacker through it. And thanks Britny! You are amazing!
