5	I'm trying to think of something this place doesn't have. It's too hard, moving on.When you are getting married and most of what you are planning is DIY, having large selection on things helps a lot, and when you can get almost anything at 40% off that helps even more. Michales and Jo-Anns has some good wedding stuff, but they also have a lot of the same wedding stuff.This particular visit, we went in to buy some fabric, we are making our own table runners, and since we are doing "family style" seating with three 8ft banquet tables long, we need a bunch of pieces of long cut fabric. We went in on a Sunday, they had the fabric but not enough, not to worry, they cna order it and it will get there in less than a week. That is better than any online retailer could offer and cheaper too. I haven't even walked all the way around the store because I'm not into much of that stuff, but it is a great store.
4	Hobby Lobby is every crafter's fantasy! Like others have mentioned, this place has it all! It's hard to not spend hours upon hours browsing their inventory imagining what you can create next. I took my niece here and we had a blast picking out things to make together. I was very impressed with this location because it was well organized, clean, and the aisles were roomy. I was equally impressed with their fabric selection. They have great sales each week! The only drawback is that they still hand key every item. Having said that, they do a good job training their employees to type fast and to be knowledgeable on the weekly deals. The checkout process didn't take too long, like other Hobby Lobby's I've been to.
4	I was so happy when this placed opened up near my house.  Granted their stock doesn't change very often (with the exception of their seasonal stuff of course) I can always find what I need when I come in.  They have a great selection of fabric, craft and art items and a lot of it I cannot find at a Michael's or Joann's.
3	All I wanted was gift tags for a charity Valentine's Day candy bag...Hobby Lobby could not deliver :(. Much larger than Michael's similar products/price but not nearly as helpful. They wanted me to look through all the scrapbooking stickers to try and find something?!? I think they just wanted to see how long I would wandering about looking stupid...
5	I could spend all day in here!!!! I love all the home decor!! Cool stuff...great prices (if it's not on sale just wait till next week)...clean...organized and the people that work there are supper-duper nice! LOVE this place!!!
4	I love shopping here...usually. Today however there was an employee that was SO rude to me AND her coworkers! I didn't get her name but shes a black lady, kinda tall, with short hair. Now I know if I ever go there again to avoid her! She made the experience very unpleasant and is not professional at all!!!
4	Also when I asked about drawer knobs I has ordered 3 weeks ago, the same lady answered me in a rudely manner and made it seem like I'm the stupid one!
3	I absolutely LOVE everything this store has to offer. It's conveniently located in the Arrowhead area and has a huge selection of goodies. Unfortunately, I have to give three stars instead of five because of how rude their employees are. I've been in there on different times and days and it seems they are all bitter, miserable women who either hate their job or hate to be asked questions. I actually had to ask for a store manager on one occasion because of how unhelpful and rude the ladies were on that particular trip. Again, the store is fabulous and it has everything you could ever want... and seeing the other reviews, it seems other customers have also noticed how unfriendly the staff is. Hopefully a manager will start reading these reviews and retrain the employees on customer service.
4	Time to pick up some cool Tactical project
2	Just moved to AZ from CA, was given info on Hobby Lobby by a decorator.  We have a "Richards" in northern CA which is so like this store but you can buy online and the store size at HL is awesome.  I looked online, bought several hundred dollars of items yesterday but also wanted to go to the store to se the mirrors in person and pick up in person.  I called this am with he SKU and had 2 $50 decorative mirrors on hold-I live now about  40 minutes from HL, so off we went to see this store and ready to shop!.  The store should receive 5 stars, the inventory 5 stars but the personel, zero.  Too bad too as I would have spent much more money.  I bought the mirror-first..so it wouldn't get scratched in the shopping cart, had my husband take it directly to the car so I could now shop for lots of other things..in a short version, the checker treated me like a thief...absolutely terrible....at one point she called the manager as she said I could not have a bag...she didn't wrap the mirror just got on this tangent about no bags....I walked away after my husband took the mirror and receipt from  me as he so wanted me to have fun at this store.  But it was too late as it really bothered me,i she had the manager come look for me I guess, but he saw me and then went on his way , he had to have wondered what the heck she was talking about.  I did buy another wall item and when I checked out the new gal was wonderful and apologized for what had happened, she said the gal should have wrapped the mirrors etc.....I know theres a HL in other areas of AZ so I wont ever go there again-such a shame as the store has much potential
5	This is one of my favorite places to shop. Great for craft supplies they have a huge selection but they have so much more. Tons of fabrics at good prices. If you are looking for decor for your home they have about a million different items, everything from children to sophisticated, definately a must visit
2	Painfully long lines in the early afternoon on a regular weekday...all for a large container of glitter.
5	Such an awesome place.  I went here to pick up some things for my daughters birthday party, and this place was more than I expected.  I got lost for hours looking at all the cool stuff they have for birthday parties and for your home.  I love this place and will be back soon.
1	Aptly described:   Fat ugly women in sweat pants, buying dried up items and crap for scrap booking.   This store is so over the top religious with practically every isle having some spiritual message in a picture.    We walk in here for the comic relief alone.    Nothing here is cheap.  Remember this is the religious company that doesn't want to offer birth control to their employees and is closed on Sundays.  When you buy something here, you support those values.
3	Went into the bathroom to change my baby, and there was cleaning supplies all left on the changing table. Gross. Plus all the older ladies were giving dirty looks like they've never seen a young mom in hobby lobby! Lmfao i love stores like this though. I could spend hours here, reminds me of my grandma.
5	I have purchased quite a bit from this Hobby Lobby for my upcoming wedding. They have awesome sales, quality product and fantastic customer service. They even have a section dedicated to weddings - awesome store!
4	this store has everything.  They are so nice and helpful.
3	Hobby lobby is a decent shop to find home accents and faux flower arrangements.They usually have some pretty decent sales for 40-50% off in select departments.They also carry some unique candy options at the checkout lanes.Great place to stop by and browse but you won't always find what your looking for.
5	Everyone was so polite. I went to the fabric section and the lady asked if I needed any help right away. When I was done shopping I sadly looked at the long check out line, but not long after a number of employees came up and opened up more lanes so it didn't take as long as I thought
5	Hobby Lobby has been my go-to store since I began creating as a child and even up unto now. My last project was shadow boxing a special gift given to me which was a wooden plaque and I wanted to hang it without drilling a hole which would crack the wood. The shadow box was originally $30 but I got it rung up for $15. Whereas right before my visit to Hobby Lobby I had gone to a framing store to get a shadowbox and the same size cost $112. Hobby Lobby is good about sales, it's usually 50% off of everything all the time. I've purchased countless frames, prints, canvases, mirrors, candle making material, art supplies, and even sculptures from here. If you need expertise on a hobby or project, come here and just ask the appropriate staff, they'll be in their respected areas. I think I always spend an hour or more here each visit and it's mostly because I get distracted at their unique items. If you go behind the seasonal section, you'll find gold. This is the discount sections where items are so unique the prices have been slashed countless times. The last time I was here, I found a Red British Phonebooth, a Star Wars Millennium Falcon Blueprint, and a lit up LED theater sign. I love this place.
