5	Amazing service from a family owned and operated business. Their attention to detail is unrivaled. We had to put a sick cat down this week. Because of his problems. he was urinating all over the house. Scott and Chris Dial brought our house back to 100% in a couple of hours at a shockingly reasonable price. Their enthusiasm for their craft is visible. We won't use anyone else!
5	Scott Dial Carpet Care is a class act.  For starters, he gives you an appointment TIME, as opposed to a time WINDOW, so you get your day back.  Second, Mr. Dial has the simplest, most fair pricing in the industry -- straight up square footage, with no hidden fees or upsells.  Third, Mr. Dial cleaned my carpet personally -- not some weirdo.  It's a family business.  Fourth, since I knew Mr. Dial personally, I left my key under the mat and he locked up and ran out the garage when he was done.  It was like a carpet cleaning ninja broke in and made my house perfect.  If you don't know Scott Dial, now you know, and you have no excuse for going to some other crazy company that's just going to send some rookie to try and upsell you.  Go with the pros.  Go with a local family business.
5	I have used Scott Dial Carpet Care several times over the years and have always been very happy with them. He is on time. No waiting around. He quotes the price and sticks to it. No surprises. They do a good job for us and I recommend them to all my friends and family.
5	After getting quotes from several larger companies, which were crazy high, I stumbled upon Scott Dial via Yelp.  Boy am I glad I did!!!  Not only was his quote much lower for the same work, they were so accommodating and so nice.  I had to change my appointment three times in a week long period and Scott didn't even seemed phased.  He and his son did an excellent job and kept all of their promises.  If you need carpets cleaned, small or large job, go with this awesome local company!
5	Scott and his son did a fabulous job on my carpet.  One of them had had serious stains which we tried to remove and faded the carpet in the process.  By the time they were done my carpets looked great! They were very professional, but friendly. They worked hard and quickly.  They were a great team.  Their price was great and they delivered what they promised.  I would highly recommend Scott Dial Carpet Care to anyone.
5	Year #2 on the new carpet and we thought we'd give a neighbor a shot.  Boy o boy were we right on.  Scott and his son Chris were prompt, courteous and thorough.  Scott answers his own phone which was a great start.  We only had about 200 sq ft of carpet to clean so he lowered his minimum to our needs.  No up charge.  35 minutes and they were gone.  Carpet dried within 3-4 hours.  No smell, no crunchy carpet and no spills to pick up after.  He even gave me a competitors contact # for tile cleaning work even though the other guy does carpets too.  No hesitation, call Scott!
5	Our carpets were really dirty and Scott got them beautifully. The last cleaner left a lot of soap residue, but Scott got it all. We'll for sure have him back.
