5	I would like to praise Table Tops Etc for providing professional and beautiful service on my wedding day.  The tables were beautifully decorated the service was impeccable.  I had a vision three particular different tables for my wedding day, and it included a lot of colors and imagination, and they were able to meet and exceed my expecations.
3	Looking back on my engagement party, I am not really pleased with the work of Table Tops, etc.For the price I paid, I really didn't get that much floral work.They were on time and had everything set up at the Church and reception on time. Moving decorations from one location to the other was also taken care of well.I'm glad the event was just my engagement party and not my wedding, because I will definitely not be using them for that event.I can honestly say I hated my floral pieces. The "grey" flower that was used looked like a molded piece of lettuce. I wish I could have seen a sample ahead of time, but that was never given to me in time to make changes.Oh well, will make adjustments for my wedding.
5	Table Tops Etc. provided the floral arrangements and table-scape's for my daughter's wedding in Feb. 2013.  I could not have been more pleased with the results.  Not only were the blooms fresh, open and fragrant, but the design of the bouquets and arrangements were nothing short of spectacular.  I have had a number of our guests remark about how beautiful the flowers were.  They definitely put an already beautiful venue over-the-top gorgeous with their special touch.  I have 3 more weddings in my families future and will not hesitate to use Table Tops again.
5	Veronica from Table Tops just did my friend's wedding, who I was a bridesmaid for, and all I can say is WOW. She did a fantastic job, everything was perfect and beautiful. All night long guests were complimenting the flowers and decor; it truly turned out to be a magical event. I sure wish I knew about Table Tops for my wedding! :)
5	I can't say enough wonderful things about Melissa, Veronica, Sandra, and all the rest of the designers from Table Tops.  They were fantastic!  My daughter's wedding ceremony and reception were GORGEOUS, and the guests raved about the floral decorations. They transformed the backyard setting into a magical garden of beauty.  Besides their skill, they were detailed, punctual, and extremely easy to work with. Veronica, especially, made sure everything was perfect for the big day.  I would recommend them in a heartbeat, and hope to use them again in future.
5	Oh Table Tops, how I love thee. If I could write a love note to Table Tops I would. They are my favorite wedding vendor of all times. You know the saying, you pay for what you get? Well, Table Tops was worth every penny and probably more. I am truly going to miss working with them on the wedding planning! First, I will start with the dear owner, Melissa. Melissa is a life-saver. She knows how to deal with confused brides so very well. She knows flowers like the back of her hand and she can pick out a type of flower from a scattered description (umm. I think they are white, and tiny and typically very bridal looking?" Yes, Melissa knew the flower based on that description.) She is incredibly knowledgeable, fun and truly makes a wedding into a beautiful day. Table Tops knows quality, they know service and they know execution. They are like little flower fairies on the day of the wedding. They come in, create a fairytale wonderland with their floral and decor (if you hire them for decor), and then they leave before you even realize they were there in the first place. The quality of their flowers is impeccable and they truly create an atmosphere. I had some detailed ideas for my bouquet and Melissa created exactly what I wanted! I wanted my bouquet to look vintage chic, with my antique family buttons placed throughout it. I wanted my wedding dress lace to hold the stem together and I wanted rosary beads hanging from the bouquet. She did it! By golly, she did it and it looks beautiful! The saddest part about beautiful wedding flowers is that they only last a day, so make sure you take a lot of pictures of Table Tops' work.On another note, I would like to share one more story about Table Tops genuine and kind nature. On the day of the wedding, I showed up to the church and there was a little bit of drama with the management there. While trying to get it worked out, I was standing alone in the prep room and no one was there to help me with my veil or very long train. At that moment one of the Table Top staff who had been in charge of setting up the church flowers, introduced herself to me. I was a little nervous and flustered and mentioned my concern about my veil and train. Without another word, she so very kindly fixed both and then stood there and held them for me until I walked down the aisle. For that I will be forever grateful to Table Top. Not only are their services and talent impeccable but the staff itself is incredibly kind and heartfelt.
5	Melissa and her team at Table Tops Etc did the flowers for our wedding and I couldn't be happier with their customer services and the final products! Since we live in NYC, we had to plan everything via email and phone. Melissa made planning very easy. I LOVED how everything turned out. We got a lot of compliments on our flowers! I LOVED my bouquet! Melissa and her team are creative geniuses. Their gorgeous arrangements are matched with their great customer service. Although we had originally planned an outdoor wedding, since our wedding day turned out to be an unusually rainy day in AZ, we had to move the event inside. Melissa was so willing to work with us on all the last minute changes that needed to happen! They are so skilled and were able to pull off all the last minute changes (there were a lot of them!) so brilliantly that we forgot the inside location was our last minute plan B!  And they did it all with so much grace and professionalism. I will definitely choose them again if I am doing an event in Phoenix. Thank you so much Table Tops etc!
5	Top recommendation!  We chose them for our daughter's wedding vendor.  They did an AMAZING job!  The arrangements were beautiful!  I even took a couple home with me after the wedding and the flowers ( roses/hydrangeas/peonies ) lasted more than 8 days.Can't say enough about how beautiful the bouquets, centerpieces and all turned out! Look no further, Table Tops is the real deal and best in town!
1	Table tops etc really upset me with there work. I showed them what I wanted with pictures and they said they can do that same exact thing but did not deliver. I showed them specific vases I wanted them to use and they did not use what I showed them on the day. I am really upset and I wish I knew better. After the whole situation a lot of people told me that they were not a good place to go to. I thought that because they had 5 stars it would be a good place.. It was probably just family reviewing them because all the reviews are in the same time frame. They charge you for the water and for the fridge use for the flowers.. They really over charge in general. I do not recommend this place to anyone. They use as little flowers as possible to save money in there pocket. If anyone wants to see for themselves I have the pictures of what I asked for and what she made.. It's a disgrace. My mom, aunt, and the bridal party were shocked.
5	Table Tops is the top florist in Arizona! Veronica and Melissa were great to work with for my bridal shower and wedding. Everything I showed them on my Pinterest board they did above and beyond! My flowers were gorgeous along with the aisle treatment and the center pieces for the reception. I recommend them to all of my friends and family and highly recommend them to you as well!
