5	I don't pretend that I can afford $1200 shoes. (or even the $100+ infant sized Fendi shoes... what the heck - they're going to outgrow that anyway!!!) I was pretty much scared to even look at any of the things you could actually purchase in the store.The draw here is the amazingly large interpretation of the Trevi fountain located in the store. It's gigantic and wonderfully Vegas.Out front, there's an innovative video peephole display of various spliced scenes of Rome. Plus - they have a great replica of the Mouth of Truth - exactly like the scene in "Roman Holiday" with Audrey Hepburn and Gregory Peck.Luckily the salesman didn't mind us gawking at all of these cool things in his store. He even gave a little inside scoop of the Rome influenced decor and he helped us take some photos in front of the fountain.
3	looking for a italian bag that is not so common from lv and gucci, casual but elegant look..helped by a best friend and convinced to get the bag we eyed  from the showcase was under pressure to get something before we ran out of time.  The lady who helped us is a young beautiful and sweet vietnamese. Because of  her patience and being nice to my daughter while we were deciding, captured me to definitely  buy the bag...!!so there it is even if i know i am so fickled minded and always have a hard time deciding from too many choices. however fendi's collections in bags are very highly sophisticated and so limited and the policy is good for me to decide not to return and only exchange within 10 days!!!( forced me to really be satisfied with what i got, hoping this can apply with my mate selection too...hahahathe next day,  my natural disatisfaction kicked in  since we still have a day and new set of friends accomodated my schedule, i was back in the store to really decide what i like. The sales lady is again very accomodating and had signs of attitude even in the midst of this .Helped by another best friend for a final choice took us another 2 hours to decide..and the policy is either even exchange or upgrade so got another item and add more$$$ because they cant refund money.  Hoping that what i selected with their helped could make me saisfied... still after a few minutes out in the door was thinking of upgrading again...the lady was very sweet again and no signs of stress but  no can do, the style i like had to be called in for that night and I needed to come back the next day...unfortunately , I have a flight next early morning!!!!
4	This Fendi is so much more fun to be in than the one in the Forum Shops. When I went in today, there was lots of construction and lo-and-behold it was for a installation that will go up Thursday May 12th. It's a collaboration of an architect and and artist (forgive me, I forgot the names) and it's happening from 2-8PM tomorrow. It will feature the craftmanship of Fendi- which would be a pleasure to see. Fendi is always a great store for shopping the essentials (so, handbags :D). The sales people were super chill here, and explained what all the chaos inside was about. The re-interpretation of the Trevi was cool, but not as awesome as the original!
5	Service was great here and the man who helped us was super nice, he was great in convo and nice to look at :)My shoes that we purchased are nice and very original. They aren't too much or too flashy. Ended up picking a cologne up too
5	A++ service at Fendi. Respectable and friendly salesperson. Will definitely come back
5	I have owned and sold quite a few Fendi Handbags over the years, but this is the first time I had a chance to actually visit a Fendi Store and it was an absolute DREAM!Unknowingly my Husband and I came in a few minutes before closing time but were immediately helped and greeted by the Manager and had the best customer service experience of our lives! He showed us around the store and let me try on one of their leather jackets which was obviously way too expensive for me, but it fit like a glove and I will never forget it. It was perfect!We got to talking to him while looking around the store and found that we are all from the same area of Northern California! Small world. I ended up seeing a bag there that I loved, but couldn't bring myself to pay full price for it.Even though we didn't end up buying anything and it was right at closing time, he treated us all the same and I had an experience that I will never forget. This was in the Summer of 2010 and I still think about it all the time. Fendi was my first favorite handbag designer and still is. I love their Zucca print fabric bags, they are timeless and go with everything!
