5	I went to a private event here this evening. This restaurant is about to open again soon. It's been completely renovated and absolutely beautiful! The food is divine! The steak, chicken enchilada, and bread pudding were delicious! I can't wait to come back when it opens to the public.
4	Yum, yum, yum.  Stopped by chance today and was pleased to find the NEW El Sombrero had undergone a change of ownership and a facelift.  Menu is new as the focus is on an upscale Mexican, but don't let that stop you.  Started with a freshly made guacamole.  It had the right amount of heat with a little bit of chunkiness that went perfectly with the complimentary chips.  I had the Costillas en Salsa Verde (pork ribs with green sauce).  I am sucker for a good green chile.  The sauce was not too spicy and the rib meat fell off the bones.  Served perfectly with charro beans and rice.  My partner had Chicken Mole.  Wow!  I had a taste and know that is what I am ordering next time.  The mole was smoky with a delicate peanut flavor.  Irma told me they make their own mole by grinding peanuts and adding a delicious combination of spices.  Jose was our server who made us feel at home and made sure we were taken care of.  They just opened 2 days ago and are still getting in the swing, but this place is very promising.  They may need to do something to soundproof the room which got a little loud.  Maybe some rugs will help.
5	I stopped in Friday night for this just reopened gem. The restaurant has been completely remodeled and has great food. This is not your typical rice and beans Mexican cafe. It has a number of terrific dishes both as entrees and small plates. I tried the halibut and it was outstanding. Outstanding chef. Decent wines. Cute interior. This immediately had become my favorite downtown restaurant.
4	My son and I work I'm the area and we have been waiting for this place to open so when we saw the now open sign we went!!We were not disappointed service is on point Christian was our server and he went above and beyond to make us feel welcome!   food is good not what I expected not authentic but defenetly good, the taquiza (mix seafood and meat) was great flavorful and enough for two, sangria was refreshing and bean dip was flavorful! We will try it again and again!
5	I cannot say enough about this new remodeled look and feel! The environment is very unique and with plenty of character. The chef's menu cannot be duplicated. It is fantastic and everything I tried from the bean dip to the halibut was outstanding!A must visit continuously from here on out! I would also recommend this as a great date place. Intimate and sexy!
5	Love this new version of an old Vegas classic-it's a great addition to the downtown restaurant scene. The food is amazing (the Mexican corn is a must) and the service is friendly.  The sangria is so tasty--it's hard to have just one glass.
5	This is a must try for anyone in Las Vegas! Located in the Arts District this place makes sure you feel like you are in a hip and exciting place.  Now about the food, speechless does not begin to express how good the food is.   My amazing wife had the Red Sangria and could not stop raving about it,  and she knows her Sangria for sure.   We hope they get into the brunch business with a bottomless option for sure!
4	From the friendly greeting to the sangria, all the way through the delicious cheesy appetizer to the fluffychocolate Flan, it was a delight!
5	Amazing!!! I just left and I'm ready to head right back! Everything was delicious from start to finish! Great presentation, service, and atmosphere! Absolutely Yummmmmy!!
5	This place is awesome. A little small, but that just adds to the intimacy.Our group of 8 included 2 former Bouchon chefs, so I was a little concerned as I'd recommended the place based on reviews. I'd never been to the old ESC, and it's a pity it's still on Yelp after it closed - do not mistake it for the completely new El Sombrero Cafe. As for the 2 chefs at the table - they enjoyed their dishes, and both said they would definitely come back.We all loved our food, from the Halibut La Plancha to the Short Ribs. Some classic Mexican dishes on the menu, but most dishes served up by Chef Oscar are contemporary, or a new twist on a classic.The waitstaff was excellent - Jose took very good of our table, and added to our experience with his quick smile and sense of humor. Owners Irma Aguirre and James Campos are already offering their diners a great dining experience. Three cheers to these two former political operatives for coming out from the dark side to serve up some really good food.Irma's own Red Sangria is incredible. One of the best I've had. I'm still looking for a Cava Sangria like Cafe-Ba-Ba-Reeba served (and I won't quit til I find one), but this is the best red sangria I've ever tasted. We all loved it, as well as the Watermelon Sangria.I'm definitely going back again and again.
2	I really want to like this place. I went to the old El Sombrero and enjoyed it but after reading great reviews here and on Facebook I was looking forward to trying out the new place. I called to see what the hours were and was advised to make a reservation. We came, party of 2, and found half of the 14 tables empty. After waiting for about 60 seconds at the empty host booth, we were finally seated by the busser. The service was exceedingly slow by the server. We waited about 5-10 minutes after an introduction to ask questions about the menu and order. It was another 10 minutes before we were notified that the soup we ordered wasn't available. When our food came it looked incomplete, but after a couple minutes we started eating. Turns out the bus person made an honest mistake but it wasn't caught by the server in time so 95% of another table's order ended up in the trash. No check-in after our proper order arrived. 5 minute wait from getting our check  to getting the card charged. There were 5 other tables. The server blamed the slowness of the food on a missing cook but there is no excuse for such slow attention at the table. The busser was the only person who I'd say was sufficiently doing their job. The food was good, with the potential to be great. The price point is a little high, but the chips are spiced and the salsa is great. We had the tradicional combo and the meats were solid, sauces were decent. We had some fries that were crispy and nicely salted and the rice and beans were fine. We avoided the enchiladas because 14 bucks with no rice and beans is just ridiculous. The decor is simple and modern with lots of mirrors to open up the small space. Smooth electronic music was playing that made it feel like Red Rock Station, but I personally like the eclectic homey feel the old place had or Casa Don Juan has. I hope they tweak the menu, prices and especially the service, cause this spot could be great
5	I can't believe I'm reviewing this place again just 6 days later. I had dinner here last night with 7 friends, and everyone loved it. The Queso Fundido with 3 or 4 cheeses was just excellent, and every one of us loved it. The Guacamole was excellent. My short ribs were excellent. The enchiladas were excellent. It's all good!
5	Coming here for 27 years, I hadn't been since Irma took over.  I arrived before they opened for dinner, but she recognized us and had us brought in anyway.  Great when people in the business know the locals.The all new decor is updated to stunning but not overdone - chic.  Kudos to the owners for keeping the original building and that classic neon sign.  Well done!  The food is an unusual fusion of central and south American, ultra fresh and beautifully presented. The drinks menu is also unusual and refreshing.  There is enough variety without going overboard.  The prices are good and the portions are sensible.  Head Server Jose is known to foodies downtown, and other familiar faces are on his team.  Chefs Oscar and Elias both visited the table to make sure everything was to our liking, and to describe our selections and other options.  We will certainly be back!
5	This place is a gem, hands down!  The watermelon Sangria is amazing!  We had Halibut, Short Ribs, Del Patron and Camarones a la Diabla family style.  We couldn't decide what was the best entree!  In our indecision, we ate the most fabulous dessert, the bread pudding.  Chef Oscar, from Columbia, visited with us.  So down to earth and nice!  This is a must in Vegas!
2	Beware of what may be in your salsa!!I work downtown and go out to lunch everyday. I was so happy to hear that El Sombrero had reopened.  So I invited a coworker to go with me to tryout the new menu. The restaurant has been completely redone. It looks really nice. The waiter promptly arrived at our table with the complimentary chips and salsa. We started to eat the chips and salsa when my friend felt something at the bottom of the salsa bowl.To our surprise it was a stick of chalk  We called the waiter to tell him about it. He pick up the chalk piece and the bowl of salsa without saying a word. He came back with a new bowl of salsa. My coworker and I were stunned. He never said Sorry.It was as if nothing had ever happened.At the end of our meal we thought that the manager would stop by and say something but no one did. I was very disappointed with the service. It really overshadow the food. My order number was #836 (10/6/14).
5	Great vibe.... Food service all a+++ ...... Nice little gem close to the arts district ...... Next gallery party is here!!!!!!!
5	I would have to say this Mexican food is very good, it would be like having my own family in the kitchen. Try the salad with jicama and mango, so good. What a change from what this restaurant used to taste like. Very classy and stylish inside.
4	The new incarnation of El Sombrero is not to be missed. I've been here 5 times since new ownership took over - and if I didn't travel so much for work I'd come at least 3 or 4 times a week, if not daily. The menu is elevated, well prepared, well conceived Mexican. The price points are reasonable or better (they've been favorably adjusted since opening). The menu comprises excellently executed traditional Mexican items, using very fresh, well-sourced ingredients. The 4-star review (I'd go 4.5 if possible on Yelp) is because of a few minor elements, that, together, add up to a half-point knockoff: the serviceware is great - though the deuce tables don't really accommodate its size well; the table salsa is delicious but often benefits from a bit of salt (this seems dependent on who makes it as this is not always the case); the guacamole is some of the best in the Valley  - thought it suffers from (sometimes) a lack of salt and it being served cold - it should be room temp. (It should be noted that the LV health department often has issues with room temp items so it could be that - the health department is as clueless as they think they're on.)All told, these are fairly minor points. The service is consistently excellent; the sauces are delicious; the proteins (or the vegetarian options - and there are many) are wonderfully varied (don't miss the skirt steak, the vegetarian or meat enchiladas, among others), the chile relleno (vegetarian or with chicken or brisket). And don't miss the salads. Absolutely delicious salads (large enough for two to share). The piquillo pepper ap is a must as well. Summing up, El Sombrero should at the very least be a stop on your food travel  itinerary in Las Vegas. And, quite possibly, a regular go-to spot. It's become one of mine.
5	I love the ambiance and decor of El Sombrero. I am always on the look out for new restaurants. Especially downtown Las Vegas because thats my hood.  I was presently surprised when I had my date night there , I really have high expectations, especially on date night. My husband is very particular and unlike me will not eat many peoples food. Well El sombero did it for us. The food was spectatular, The Fish was fresh, the skirt steak was perfectly cooked and the service was great, The owner came by and chatted and the chef sent by a treat from kitchen, The sangria was flowing and we even ate the fruits from the pitcher for Dessert, I love a date night that you can drink be merry then walk home. My Sombrero off to you.
4	Items Selected:Housemade chips and salsaSangria Trio - Blushing Senorita:  Watermelon, Lime, Mint, Rose / Roja: Red Apples, Orange Wedges, Strawberries, Red Wine / Blanco: Orange, Green Apples, Bay Leaf, ChardonnayQuesillo Fondue Mexicano - Mexican Cheeses, Hormiga Sauce, Roasted Cherry Tomatoes, Flour TortillasSpicy Calamari a la brasa - Squid Ink, Citrus Jalapeno charbroiled calamariParrilladas Del Patron- Grilled Filet Mignon, Rib Eye, Costillitas, Mexican Cream Corn, Portabellos, Papas Criollas with Ancho Chile Steak Sauce, Chimichurri Sauce, Hormiga SauceTamal de Pollo - braised and seasoned shredded chicken, roasted garlic creamy tomatillo sauceMole Semana Santa - Roasted Chicken in traditional Mexican spicy Chocolate SauceBread Pudding - dulce de lecheRe-inventing Las Vegas' former 'oldest restaurant' into an upscale "bistro" helmed by Chef Oscar Sanchez it was with high hopes of Latin cuisine rivaling that found in New Mexico or Arizona that plans were made to dine at El Sombrero and although a rude welcome by the woman who turned out to be the restaurant's owner put an early damper on the experience the food, service, and setting that followed were nothing short of first-rate.  Joined by two others, one well known to the restaurant, for a lunch beginning just shy of noon it was amidst the cozy modernized confines of a room suited for less than fifty that the meal commenced and with free-flowing tortillas hot and crisp from the kitchen flanked by aromatic salsa not overburdened by heat a strong attention to detail was obvious from the start.Generally underwhelmed by Sangria, but told that El Sombrero's was far better than the average grog, a 'one of each' sampling immediately proved the point as bright balance and bold aromatics nuanced each of the infusions and with a duo of strong starters soon to arrive the dominant fruit tones were a welcomed refresher between bites - the creamy Quesillo offering subtle hints of smoke when matched to the Roja while tender ringlets of squid bathed in a murky broth teaming with citrus and spice proved every bit the 'signature' starter that many have claimed - a similar paella presentation apparently offered for special events immediately piquing interest for a future visit with several other options offered for groups as large as sixteen.Transitioning next to a platter of meats traditionally offered only at dinner suffice it to say that the Parrilladas Del Patron is more than enough to feed two assuming starters are ordered and although the pork short ribs proved a bit too fatty to be fully enjoyed both of the beef options were impressively tender and spiced only enough to let the quality of the meet shine - a similar compliment offered to tender mushrooms while sides of crispy potatoes, tender beans, and pan-scalded corn in light cream were no less than superb.Certainly a bigger fan of tamales than either of my dining buddies, albeit a bit let down that the restaurant was currently out of brisket, there is no doubt in my mind that Oscar's Tamal de Pollo is the least heavy-handed I've tasted to date and with garlic tinged tomatillo sauce melding nicely to the sweet corn it was the roasted chicken that truly made the plate shine, a statement almost equally well suited to the tender-roast bird beneath the sort of mole uncommonly seen at all but the most authentic of spots, a 'dirty' dark sauce teaming with spice with only the slightest cocoa linger as opposed to the sugar-sweet chocolate syrup popularized by more Americanized spots.Finishing the afternoon with the restaurant's only daily dessert, a pleasant bread pudding with silky-soft texture doused in dulce de leche, it was once again here that Chef Sanchez arrived tableside to make sure all was well and with compliments and thanks paid to the chef and servers any lamenting the closure of the original El Sombrero should find consolation in the fact that sometimes the right team really can teach an old dog some new tricks.
4	I'm very happy that this little place has reincarnated itself from what it once was (I never visited the "old" El Sombrero, but hardly anyone did). With this place still settling in, I think it will be quite an amazing finished product. The food is already fantastic, and you can definitely taste the care behind the preparation which is always such a pleasure. Came here close to closing around 3:20 in the afternoon, and we were the only one there and were told we had just missed the lunch rush. No one in the place doesn't worry me, walking in it had already seemed so charming and smelled great. There isn't a bar yet, but we were informed that by the end of April 2015 they will have expanded and by adding a bar and patio. The waiter was extremely friendly and very attentive! (As it should have been since we were the only two there) Ordered:Chicken Taquitos $9 flavor profile 3.5/5 This is an appetizer, but ordered as main meal. This was plenty for a lunch dish, and very tasty. The avocado cream was a great touch. Tacos $12 flavor profile 4/5This was nice because you could choose any 3 tacos you'd like from the options and it was one fixed price. I order 1 fish and 3 shrimp. Both served grilled and you prepared the taco yourself. Presentation was nicely done with all of the toppings on the side. I don't like runny fish or shrimp tacos, so this was perfect for me. You could also order the whole taco deep fried, but I did not choose this option. Beers $5 corona light and modelo I can't wait to come back. It's even better that it's 2 blocks away from my apartment.
5	Gets better every time..... A must visit in Las Vegas... Best kept secret in the arts district
3	I was very underwhelmed by the food here. What is everyone talking about?? The decor inside is very well done in black and white, nice wood flooring, etc. and the staff were all friendly, but the food was so mediocre, I am perplexed. The charbroiled calamari was decent enough tasting but not as special as I'd been led to believe by Brock Radke's newspaper review, and the carne tamale was so bland I didn't eat it. I had loved the tamale at Mundo, the owner's other restaurant, and had hoped it would be the same but alas, the old grandma that I was told makes these tamales does not measure up. The chile relleno was just ok as well. I was so excited for non-breaded chile relleno and non-fried calamari, but the reality was a disappointment. The prices would be fine if the quality was there, but totally not worth it as it stands currently. Too bad...
3	I went to this spot last weekend. The service was good, it wasn't too busy but they mentioned they had to turn away people the night before because it's starting to get pretty popular. The design of the restaurant is amazing, my hat goes off to who ever was in charge of the decor and overall ambience. The food was really good, only thing is I requested avocados or guac with no onion with my meal (or even as a side) because I HATE onions, and neither option was available. Not clear on that one. They said they don't even have avocados which means the guac is likely made somewhere else or bought pre-made or made there and they had no left over ingredients. I would love if they would make side table guac an option on the menu. It's always great to watch your guac made fresh at your table and brings me back to mexican restaurants. I like knowing the food is fresh and made fresh. The other let down was their lack of margaritas. I mean you're a mexican restaurant, break out the tequila will you? Our waiter also checked on us way too much. It was starting to get annoying if I'm being honest. Now on to the important stuff, the food. I ordered the chicken tacos and they come on this cutting board thing with all of the toppings to dress them yourself. I love that, super cute and fun. They were also pretty yummy. The portions were good and the bill was only $60 for three people. Two of us got this fancy watermelon sangria which was good but I would prefer to have had a fresh made margarita. I'm giving this place three stars because they have a few kinks to work out. They only had one desert option, bread pudding, meh. They said they will be adding more to the menu soon. I'm also used to really fresh authentic mexican food so I have high standards when I dine for Mexican food or even modern mexican style cuisine. This place is great, I do recommend it and I will go back....I'll update my review next time if anything changes.
4	Never went before they renovated but loved the atmosphere and food. Their chips and guacamole are amazing.
5	We chose this intimate and romantic Mexican bistro for our last night in Las Vegas. Everything that we had was the best of its kind that we've ever enjoyed: Best chili relleno (with butternut squash!). Best enchiladas, perfectly seasoned with spinach and mushrooms. The red sangria was perfect. The manager brought us a sample of their watermelon sangria--also wonderful. We finished with the best flan ever. Thank you, El Sombrero, for a night to remember!
5	This restaurant started off very good, and just gets better. My party of 13 were all pleased. My Loma Saltado wasn't quite warm enough, but it was delicious. Everything else was perfect. I'm going back soon for the short ribs.
5	Tried to eat here last Saturday. No go. Completely booked. Here in Monday -  by the way, an excellent time to come - and everything is terrific. One of the best things about non-corporate, owner- or chef-driven restaurants is that they can (and do, if they're good) adjust as necessary.  The chicken tanal (which I've had before and lived) was even better, with a better presentation. The pork ribs were flavorful, tender and accompanied by a delicious tomatillo sauce. The table salsa, delicious every time, was even better, perfect blended and seasoned; the fondue ap warm and tasty. The flan for dessert, super. An excellent dinner and excellent evening.
5	Amazing find in downtown Las Vegas. Totally did not expect such a great atmosphere and fantastic food. Order out of the ordinary. The menu is both traditional and modern. Go for the modern. The traditional was great. The modern was out of this world. Best service. I will go back.
5	El Sombrero is hands down the best Mexican restaurant in Las Vegas. The interior is perfectly appointed and intimate, only seating about 32 lucky souls. Service is first class, with waiters who understand and explain every ingredient. The chicken enchiladas are legendary, the sangria is delicious, and the spicy calamari is the best in town. Located in the heart of Las Vegas' growing arts district near downtown, El Sombrero is a must try!
5	Previously known as the oldest restaurant in town, El Sombrero can now lay claim to some of the best Mexican food in the valley thanks to new ownership and new chef -- Oscar Sanchez, formerly of Envy the Steakhouse. Dining here on a Saturday afternoon, we were treated to an excellent array of dishes, starting with the well balanced quesillo fondue Mexicano ($12), with its blend of creamy cheeses, peppers providing hints of heat in a sauce with a touch of acidity. Following that was an excellent rendition of calamari -- the spicy calamari a la brasa ($13). Different from your typical restaurant version in that it wasn't breaded and fried, this charbroiled version delivered a subtle heat that lingered on the tongue. El Sombrero has plenty of familiar dishes, like tacos, burritos, and tamales. But their food shows a passion and refinement that separates it from other spots. The depth in the roasted garlic tomatillo sauce in the tamal  de pollo ($14) elevates the dish and makes it anything but common. The deft touch of the chefs is evident in their platters of meats. A filet, rib eye, and braised pork rib make up the Del Patron ($35). Both the filet and rib eye showcased a nice char and ample seasoning, while the pork unfortunately fell flat with its tough meat. A trio of sauces accompanied the platter but the beef hardly needed it. Side dishes proved to be as good as the proteins. The potatoes were excellent and the cream corn was a showstopper -- the type of dish that will leave a lasting impression.The highlight of the meal, however, was the mole semana santa ($16). Braised, bone-in chicken was smothered in a mole sauce comprised of more spices than you'll ever pick out. It's a blend of heat and smoke with hints of bitterness and ever so subtle sweetness  that will awaken you palate.Ending the meal was a dulce de leche bread pudding dense and moist from a rich custard that packed enough sweetness to end the meal on a sweet note.This isn't the Mexican food found at lesser restaurants or chains. Dishes aren't over-sauced, they're perfectly seasoned, executed with the precision and passion that is superior to anything else of its kind in town.
5	This place is simply fantastic. The decor and atmosphere is chic and comfortable. It's well decorated and very pleasant. It's a pretty small location, but definitely a bright option in the downtown area. The food was amazing. There's some items left over from the previous menu, and some new modern Mexican choices. There's a nice selection of options. The food is prepared fresh, making customization easy. The servers were very friendly, and service was quick. I'll definitely be back.
5	I'm far from a food critic, however, I eat out with some frequency. I must say, my visit to this Mexican restaurant was an unexpected gem. Being from out of town, I relied on customer ratings to guide me into this little establishment. Stroke of genius!! The food, pure ambrosia - only exceeded by the knowledge, attentiveness and sincerity of the staff - from busser to owner! Go here, you'll forever remember the occasion.
5	Intimate atmosphere and outstanding food. The filet and veggie enchiladas were very flavorful and had an upscale flare from other places. The service was also top notch. This place is a must try.
3	We arrived and it took a while to be seated.  Then took a while to get a menu.   We ordered a guacamole for our chips.   It came out almost half way after we had our entries and only because I mentioned it again to the waiter.   My friend wanted an "agua fresca" which they stated they were out of.    Note: big advertising outside restaurant saying "aguas frescas".  My other friend ordered the mango salad which 10 minutes later she was told no mango.   They were also out of asada for asada tacos.   The chicken mole was great but it was piled on the plate like dog food.  I think adding rice and a little touch would improve the look.  Overall the food was excellent.   However when considering the ambiance, the location, and the slight sewer smell, I will have to lower my rating to 3 stars.    Food deserves at least a 4.   But again, the overall restaurant experience is important.
5	Just go. You won't be disappointed. The spiced sangria is wonderful and went great with the baja style salsa and lightly seasoned chips. For an entree, I had the Lomo Saltado, which was an amazing twist on a traditional dish. Other folks in my party had steak which was served with three homemade sauces, including a yummy chimmichurri. The place sits maybe 40, and the intimate friendly atmosphere really adds to the whole experience. If you like Mexican, or you know, food in general, you'll love this place.
5	The food and the service at El Sombrero Rock!  Mom and I had the watermelon sangria (yum) and we  shared the two crispy beef tacos with two chicken enchiladas and the Chile Relleno with chicken. The crispy beef tacos were super tasty and the Relleno with chicken, butternut squash and all the other accompaniments was and way better than expected. I'm Not a huge fan of tomatillo, so the chicken enchiladas were not as mind blowing as the other food but they were still good. The beans were as good as grandmas but the rice was standard. I come from a Latin family and we cook lots of Mexican food, some of which I think we do better than many restaurants. I'm used to a different style of Mexican food, for "Mexico City" style food this was one of the best I've had.  We'll be back.
5	I absolutely loved this place! My husband and I came here for my birthday and I have to say that everything about it was amazing! The ambiance was breathtaking and the service was simply great. And of course, the food was delicious! I would definitely recommend this restaurant to anyone who is looking for great food along with a modern atmosphere!
5	Great place, definitely recommend it. The outside/surrounding area looks a bit sketchy, but the inside is very nice. The food and service was excellent, much better than I normally find in Vegas, and for very reasonable prices. First Vegas restaurant that I would really enjoy coming back to.
