4	Glad to have a Mexican place in the hood! Came here on an early dinner date and had a nice time. The service was prompt and friendly, the space was simply and tastefully decorated. We arrived around 5:30 and the place was empty but it started to fill up with customers as we were eating. We started with the guacamole and chips and it was a small-ish portion to share (which I actually appreciated, I didn't want to spoil my appetite). Guac was really tasty. I had the pork tacos (can't remember what they're called on the menu now) and they were good. My boyfriend had the mole poblano chicken and he loved the sauce but said the chicken was disappointingly dry. Overall it was pleasant. Not mindblowing but I'll probably be back next time I'm craving Mexican!
4	Authentic Mexican food in verdun! I had the tacos al pastor and my boyfriend had the carne asada served with chilaquiles. We drank a margarita and a michelada. It was good food! The man who welcomed us was super friendly. Will be going back a huevo!
4	Yes, yes, yes, no more driving up the hill into foreign neighborhoods to taste authentic Mexican food. This small restaurant had only few tables occupied on Wednesday night, quiet and relaxing atmosphere, and clientele that obviously consists of local residents. The place is not fancy, but there are the Mexican music and few typical for the region decoration elements. The food was delicious, so were the cocktails. My preferences are with the guac and the tacos al pastor. There is no need to order the cactus salad as an appetizer if you have chosen the lamb dish, small bowl of the same salad comes with it. The strawberry daiquiri was magic.  Nice service, attractive menu, I'm coming back to try more!
4	Great little restaurant;) Quaint quiet atmosphere, staff very friendly. I had the steak asada, done just right served with chilaquiles, sprinkled with cheese. Delicious. Portions are ample, and very reasonably priced for the quality.
5	I'm actually not a big fan of Mexican food.Correction: I'm actually not a fan of Mexican fast-food. Tacos, burritos, Carlos and Pepes, 3 Amigos, that sort of stuff. But authentic, regional hard-to-find Mexican dishes? Bring it on.Years ago I read an article in Air Canada's magazine "enRoute" while on a flight about a woman who was in search of "Chiles en Nogada" (Chillies in Walnut Sauce), a dish invented by Mexican nuns and involves soaking shelled walnuts in milk overnight in order to make them that much easier to peel, using those peeled walnuts and crushing them in order to make a heavenly sweet sauce (any skin left on the nuts and the sauce will come out sour) which is then poured over a roasted green poblano chile, which has been stuffed with "picadillo", a complicated mix of braised meat, candied barrel cactus and the shaggy Mexican cinnamon called canela. The whole thing is then sprinkled with pomegranate seeds. The nuns made this dish to commemorate Mexico's day of independence, since the colours of the dish represent the colours of Mexico's flag (white sauce, green chile, red pomegranate) and it is usually served in the first two weeks of September in very few Mexican restaurants. It is a very rare dish to find outside of Mexico. You will never find this dish at Three Amigos or Carlos and Pepes because it is very complicated and involves painstaking work to prepare.El Sabor De Mexico is in my hood and while I have walked by countless times since it opened 8 months ago, I yet had a reason to go in. Well, I walked by and I saw a special poster in their window, that they were serving chiles en nogada from Sept. 11- Sept 16 in celebration of Mexican independence. I knew I had to try it.Reader, it was wonderful. I now understand why this dish is one of the Holy Grails of Mexican cuisine, all the flavours have to work together and not one should overpower the others. I could tell immediately the walnut sauce was authentic, I could see and taste the sweet ground walnut in a snow-white creamy sauce, the candied cactus and the nuts in the meat stuffing, the combination looks deceptively simple yet is astounding in taste.I then followed up with the coconut flan for dessert which came with a doll-like jug of an alcoholic-based sauce to pour over the flan. It was rich, creamy, decadent, not too sweet and hit the spot.The servings weren't large at all, but this was another clue that everything was authentic. I find "real", authentic food is usually quite rich and fills you up because of the quality of the ingredients and I was quite full after the chiles en nogada and the flan. Prices are higher than usual but this is authentic Mexican, not Taco Bell.The people here are really nice and friendly and now that I know how great the food here is, I'm not going to wait another 8 months before coming back.
3	Good traditional mexican. I ordered takeout so maybe did not see presentation at its best. All in all, its real Mexico, I'm difficult as i know the cuisine and remain unimpressed when comparing to taquerias or traditional joints in Mexico city
5	We were a group of 14.  Very authentic Mexican food. Everyone loved it. It was a Friday night and the place filled up fast. I had Fiatas. Which were excellent. My friend had a chicken dish that she raved about
