1	My parents were in town and rented a car with a local Enterprise while visiting me.  They made a week-long reservation and to be picked up at 9:30 a.m. on a Saturday, so we called and verified the pickup time.  They said they would be there between 9:30-10 am .... 10:30 am rolls around and my mom finally called them, to which they replied that the van had been outside for 45 minutes waiting for them to come outside.  This is ridiculous because we had all been looking outside every 10 minutes between 9:30 - 10:30 to make sure they didn't miss them.  They said they were calling my mom's cell phone, which unfortunately our house is like the Bermuda Triangle of cell phone reception; however, there were no missed calls showing and no messages.  We have an outside entrance and they knew our unit number and never knocked on the door or rang the doorbell.  The "great" CSRs (I don't want to even spell out the acronym because customer service it was NOT) then proceeded to tell my mom that if she wanted to rent from them, she had to find a ride or take a taxi.  Screw that! We decided to rent from Hertz.
5	My original destination had changed and HERTZ price jumped from $360 to $1200 and all that was available was a Carolla.I called ENTERPRISE and was elated that the price here was only $550 for a caravan.  Steve & RJ had my mind set at ease while here.  They were knowledgable & quite funny and the comic relief was just what I needed to relax.  These guys rock!
5	This was over 6 months ago, but we've been meaning to write this review since we visited Glendale.  I was there with my girlfriend, who would be taking the MCAT early the next morning, so we really just needed to rent a car, get to our hotel, and relax for the next day.  I had a corporate reservation with Hertz, but after our flight arrived late we realized that we would have to scramble to pick up the car before Hertz closed at 5pm.  We called the Hertz rep at the pickup location, and he couldn't have been more rude and unprofessional.  Called the Hertz corporate line to report the experience and were promised a follow up response, but of course nothing ever came.  Needless to say, I won't use Hertz again.As luck would have it, there was an Enterprise a few blocks away from Hertz, and even though we knew it was closed, out of desperation we knocked on the door after seeing some movement inside.  The nicest team of people opened the door and asked how they could help.  After explaining our situation, they re-opened the store, rented us a car at a totally reasonable price, and got us out the door within 10 minutes.  And they did it in the most friendly, professional, and helpful manner, thanking us for coming in.  The contrast between our experience at Hertz and our experience at Enterprise was shocking.  The entire team was great, but the standout was Armin Smailagic (we got his card), who is the branch manager.  Thanks so much for your help, Armin, you really saved us that night!
1	We received a full confirmation for a vehicle at their Glendale location and am now finding out they don't have a car available but found one 20 miles away at double the cost we were quoted!
1	went to pick up my rental and they gave me a van that reeked of cigarette smoke. they had very limited selection of cars! staff could not keep up with customers. upon returning my rental, the staff member working there was very rude to me after waiting 20 minutes just to drop off the car. he gave me attitude when i asked how much longer it would be and said there was nothing he could do about not helping me. the man proceeded to say he thought i was with another customer so he didnt help me even when he saw me come in by myself and with keys in my hand. rude staff, limited cars, slow customer service! even wrote an email to the manager and the company about the poor customer service and never received a reply back. with the companys culture of customer service goal to have a completely satisfied customer, you guys are sure lacking in that category!! i was very dissatisfied.
4	We've rented from the Glendale location 3 times. Each time the service is better than the previous time. The customer service people are polite and very helpful. If there is an issue with a car it is taken care of immediately. The employees are the reason we will rent from this location again.  The only reason not 5stars is that there is a 3.25% "stadium" surcharge (for the University of Phoenix stadium district.)
