4	Gotta give it to this McDonalds.  Their drive through line can get pretty long but the service is always fast.
5	I give this McDonald's 5 stars because of how fast and effecient they are. I often come here before work for coffee or a McMuffin and the line can get quite long, but it has never taken longer than few minutes to get through the drive thru. Perhaps it is because they utilize both drive thru windows. Doesn't it seem like most fast food places make you go straight to the second window, making it less efficient?
4	Food was literally fast here, and truly fast unlike most fast food places these days.  Huge playground is nice as well.  Never thought I'd be praising a McDonald's attached to a gas station!
1	This place was ridiculously slow tonight. I stopped for my yearly crave - the Shamrock Shake. To be honest, I have no idea why I love these, especially since I like REAL ice cream and shakes the old fashion way - but this minty green shakes have me hooked. My son also wanted one, but he wasn't quite sure he would like it so I asked if he could have a small taste of mine before they made his; however, they could not do that. Instead I had to buy my shake, move to the side while the order was rung through the POS and then filled and brought out to me. Once he decided if he liked it or wanted another flavor, we had to place another order and then pay for it.  I asked if I could just pay for a small shake and he would decide the flavor after he tasted my - NOPE. I was highly annoyed. I understand restaurant POS and the need to track inventory, but come on - it's a shake. Not only that ... it took over 10 minutes for 2 shakes and they weren't that busy. Unfortunately, I have been to this location on several times because it is close to the house. I typically don't eat the food, but my son loves McDonalds, so I stop for him. On numerous occasions they have messed up the order (he only eats plain burgers) and the service speed is extremely random, regardless of how busy they are. Sometimes it is awesome, other times it is horribly slow. I really don't like giving businesses a poor rating, but this last visit topped it off, and I had to share. I understand the machines are automated, but they could have rang up the shakes and then manually poored the correct flavor, it isn't rocket science, and it isn't going to through off their inventory!
1	Go to this McDonald's locations drive-thru and order 3 things.... chocolate shake, vanilla cone but in a cup - for my boys and fries.  When I got to the window to get my food nothing was ready... you mean with 3 people in the restaurant your staff can't get this ready? Then I look up and realize there is one person already pulled over waiting for what they ordered which ended up being one of their iced coffees. Manager finally comes out with my shake and the boys ice cream, forgets the fries and a straw.  You are a manager? Really? Are you that out of touch? Did you just bring me a shake and no straw and totally forget my fries.  I guess you just can't fix stupid.  I will NEVER go to this location again. Reading the other reviews this store seems to have an evil twin, one really good at what they do the other they just can't get their crap together.
5	I don't know if it's a good thing or a bad thing that I know this, but if you frequent this McDonald's enough, the staff actually takes the time to call you by name...pretty cool.
4	I enjoyed my visit here. Very friendly staff and pretty clean too. The food was good and you really can't complain about it.
3	Ok, I know it's McDonald's and my expectations aren't really that high, but there are 2 things about this McDonald's that really irritate me.  1.  When I order a burger without onions, I expect it to show up without onions.  This doesn't really happen at this McD's.2.  When your dollar menu has an item on it named "sausage mcmuffin" and I order a sausage mcmuffin, I don't want to be asked EVERY time if I want a sausage mcmuffin with egg.  If I had wanted a sausage mcmuffin with egg I would have asked for a sausage mcmuffin with egg, since that is what it is called on your menu!  WHY do you have to ask EVERY time if I want the mcmuffin with egg?  I just don't understand.Despite these two very irksome things, the staff overall is above average for a McDonald's.  The regular crew who work there in the morning are always friendly and pleasant (despite the fact that they keep asking me about eggs).  The people are the only reason I still go there.
1	Horrible drive-thru. ALWAYS gets something in the order wrong.
2	I really don't like giving such low stars on Yelp, but I also want to give honest feedback to businesses so that they're able to change the less than desireable behavior AND warn my other fellow Yelpers. I've been through the drive-thru at this location 2x now. First time was less than favorable, but I wanted to give them 1 more chance to shine... On Sunday, 1/27/12 at approx 10am, that didn't happen unfortunately.Okay, it all starts w/the interaction at the speaker when one orders their goodies, right? Well, even if you can't see the person's face, it is still crucial to be polite/helpful with the customer. Please don't be sarcastic/snarky to me if I ask a simple question about hours of breakfast.Second point of interaction - at first window. I was digging for exact change in my purse, but is that any reason to yell at your coworker in the back, "I'm waiting on her - jeez, chill out!" and then to roll your eyes and say to me (customer) "it's like we're an old married couple". Very unprofessional.Third point of interaction - delivery of food/drink. This went okay, but I ordered a vanilla iced coffee. What I rec'd was vanilla-flavored milk sans any coffee. Not cool.Had to park my car, go inside and explain situation to cashier. Maybe I was extra annoyed because I was a tad hungover and really needed that caffeine boost? Plus, I wasn't showered and in sweats, etc - I really had NO business being in public which is why I did the drive-thru option in the first place!! The Manager seemed surprised at my story and almost didn't "believe me". Really dude? I don't have better things to do than invent and concoct this story??After his thorough examination of the coffee-less beverage, he personally made me a new one. He then gave a nice apology. Perfect - that's all I needed...Moral of the story? Just get it right the first time, okay??
1	This is one of the worst McD's I've been to (unfortunately closest to my house) and it seems like the reason why is management. In the 5 years I've been going here, I've had many incorrect orders, been overcharged several times, had inconsistent or poorly made food/coffee, been treated rudely when trying to get problems corrected. I've had to wait FOREVER because of understaffing (or maybe they're just that bad). A couple times they asked me to pull ahead at the drive-thru and wait for them to bring my food out to me. Both times it was clear that I had been forgotten, I didn't order much at all and watched for 10+ minutes while people behind me drove off with their food and drink. I actually had to call and remind them I was still waiting! The icing on the cake is I just found out they raised the price of the McWrap from $3.99 to $4.99, the only McD's in the area that has done this. So you know what? I'm done with this location. If I absolutely had to have McD's again, it'll be somewhere else. Whoever owns this franchise needs to get a clue.One last tip to this location... Try putting an adequate amount of sauce/mayo on stuff so people don't have to order it with extra, which sometimes backfires when you actually get "extra" (better than not enough IMO, but still way too much). Seriously, you want me to come back behind the counter and teach everyone what a "normal" amount of sauce looks like? It's not hard people...
5	It is a McDonalds. Food was fresh and exactly what I ordered.
2	Well, it is a McDonald's attached to a gas station so what can you expect.  First thing that irritated me with this place... the drive thru.  Sometimes, it is inconveniently closed during peak morning hours.  Why? I don't know.  I'm assuming they are understaffed.Second, the bathroom is disgusting and unisex.  I won't let my poor daughter use it even if she is about to pop.
1	Why oh WHY did I even come back here last Saturday night? Well, self, because you quite frankly had major munchies and needed salty food bc of your vodka consumption. That's why.I do, however, regret consuming food at this McD's location - even in my drunken haze.My Filet-O-Fish (towards the end) had a long (about 3") white hair in the tartar sauce. I started gagging and spit out the burger and the rest.Never again. Never!!!!
1	We were served breakfast at 7 am on July 1st. When we got our orange juices one was noticeably a lighter color and only filled 3/4 of the way. The girl had an attitude (breanna) when we asked to have it swapped out. We also were given a sandwich with cheese when specifically asked for no cheese. When they brought the sandwich back out it was still wrong.
3	Just a regular old McDonalds. They have a play area for the kids that is separate from the main section. That helps keep the screaming to a minimal roar. There is also a gas station attached, so you can by other food and drinks but still be inside McDonalds. The service is okay. Today the cashier was too busy on his phone texting to greet me promptly. When we received the order, we were given the wrong chicken nugget sauce.  Getting the order wrong is a normal occurrence at this location, so double check your food before you leave. I go every Friday with the kids after school for a treat. It helps them tire out when they play with the other kids. Bring your kids to play!
