1	Always late!! Have never had an appt that I did not wait for over an hour. They have wasted my time for the last time.
2	Expect to wait as long as 45 minutes to an hour from your appointment time until you actually see your doctor. More times than not. Consistently more often than not.If you are late, you'd think they wouldn't make a big deal since late is their standard operating procedure.  If you are 15 minutes late, they give your spot away and you are likely to get your appointment canceled. Not a very fair treatment seeing how they can be 45 minutes late regularly, but you cannot be more than 15 minutes late.Also, blood draws end at 4:30pm sharp. They fail to tell you this when you schedule an appointment to get a lab order from your doctor.The doctor is good. It's just the office policy and many of the front desk employees that are unyielding and like to disappoint clients and not provide 100% customer delight.Doctor: 2 out of 2 stars.Customer Service in Office:  0 out of 3 starsTotal:  2 out of 5 stars.
3	Plan on not getting into the back room for 45 minutes to 1 hr. on average.  Total time for a basic visit is about 2-2.5 hrs for me.  total time with doctor is about 15-20 minutes on the high end.  Very good service, questions answered, etc. by Dr. Michael Drury.  In the past I have gone to Sara, Physician's Assistant. I didn't check if she is still there.  Overall as long as your wait time expectations are close to their typical service time, you should be fine.  Don't plan on getting into the back room right at your appointment time.Oh, if you are even a few minutes late to your appointment, they give your spot away.  If you are lucky, they will let you in.  But most of the time they tell you to reschedule.  This seems odd, as when they are an hour behind, as a patient I get zero recourse.  There should be a law.It is nice that they do their own blood work in the office now, but I think it closes earlier than the doctors finish.  I think labs close at 4pm.  What I don't like is that they aren't able to give me a cost estimate before the lab tests are done, which they should be able to, especially since I have a high deductible now and have to pay out of pocket.Dr. Drury service: 4.5/5 stars.Office rules, lateness of schedule/appts, front office PR skills: 2/5 stars.Lab hours: 3/5 stars.
4	Four stars? Seriously!Today that is a yes. Actually I was expecting far worse. I have been going to Dr. Drury for more than 12 years, and almost every time I have been kept waiting, sometimes for more than 45 min. Today however was different. Today they get 4 stars. (It would be 5 but for my past experience.) The waiting room, as always, was packed. But we moved quickly.I was there for an annual physical, but I also was able to talk them into doing my bloodwork at the same time. In house lab rocks!I hate needles but Jen (?) was great at calming me down, and getting it done.And Dr. Michael Drury was his normal quiet professional self. So congrats today for being the medical profession we ask for.
