5	Drive-thru dry cleaner which is great service and very good dry cleaner.  A lot of my work clothes are dry clean only and this place is very good.  Not too starchy on anything that I want a crease and no smell of dry cleaning (which I'm really picky about).  Also, have not experienced any shrinkage...and this is something to brag about :-)If you're a regular, they give you a bag to put your clothes in and you get 10% off the entire order.
4	Excellent service. They dry clean and do alterations for a moderate price. The drive-thru is such a convenience!
5	Highly recommended!  These guys have drive-thru service and also do fluff & fold.  Great service, great pricing, and great quality!
5	Absolutely the best!!! Buttons sewn without asking... perfect dry clean and press, so nice I can get away with a couple of wears before i return. The down side is now i've moved to the north west and the cleaners up here do the worst job, they make my first wear look like i'm ready to drop off at Nv. I'm considering the drive may be worth it for that crisp groomed look.
5	Amazing! I spent an hour driving around looking for a dry cleaners that offered same day (aka they do the cleaning in-house) and this gem came to my rescue! I drive past at least 6 other dry cleaners to take my clothes here!
5	This is my first yelp review ever. I should have reviewed this place a long time ago. I have been using their services for about 3-4 years. I always go here to get my clothes fitted. So far, the nice lady who does the fitting had ALWAYS gotten it right! She spends time to check out the outfit and fitting it correctly. I've never felt rushed. Given the material of different clothes I've had fitted, I've asked her advice on what kind of sewing might be needed in different fittings and she had helped me out by showing me different options. I've never had to go back to get my clothes corrected the second time. I am assuming this is a family owned business. Whenever I need (which is most of the time) my clothes fitted ASAP, the young gal behind the counter talks to the lady and finds a reasonable time frame for me to work with =D Super nice people and the service definitely resulted in me becoming their loyal customer otherwise this wouldn't have been my first Yelp review! Highly recommended!
4	NV Cleaners continues to be my go-to for dry cleaning and alterations because of the consistent quality of care and customer service. The drive-thru service is such a plus and just so convenient!I've had jeans and work pants altered and patched here and they've always done a great job. Price-wise, I guess they are on the moderate side? I don't know, I really have nothing to measure them against. Anyway, I plan on bringing my bridesmaid dress here to be altered because I'm positive that it'll be cheaper and I know that I can get the dress back in a reasonable stretch of time.The cashiers/service attendants here are very nice and friendly and have made each trip a positive one!
5	NV Cleaners has won me over and is now my go-to dry cleaning business.I'd been using another dry cleaning place for awhile, but they started getting a little sloppy on the level of starch used (sometimes none, sometimes a ton).  So, I checked around on Yelp and found that this place had consistently high reviews.  Thanks Yelpers.  You nailed it this time.NV Cleaners did an excellent job with everything I brought them.  I walked in with about 15 dress shirts, some with "ring around the collar" staining and at least 1-2 with a coffee stain on the front.  The staff let me know right off the bat that the coffee stains would be hard to get out.  They said the coffee spots would end up a little lighter or darker than the color of the shirt after the treatment.  I told them to go ahead and try and they did a great job.  The coffee-soiled white shirts came out looking great with the former-coffee spots just slightly lighter than the rest of the shirt.  That's a win in my book.  And the collars on the shirts came back clean and looking new with the right amount of starch applied.  I'm a big fan of this place.  They've won a regular customer.
2	It's not that they do a bad job . . . . ..it is just that there are other options out there that are MUCH less pricey.  For example . . . . I found a cleaners in Henderson that cleaned 2 pairs of pants, 1 jacket, and 3 dress shirts for $10.50 and they came out GREAT.  I believe the price would be more then double at NV Cleaners.  Again, they do a good job and are convenient with their curbside drop off . . . .. but the cost is what caused me to look elsewhere.
4	I don't have a lot of experience with cleaners. This is the only place I have used, so this review might be biased...I have been using this for about 8 months now. They are always very friendly. And the couple time I have needed alterations they are perfect. I have not had a single problem with their work...However, I don't understand their pricing, it is so frustrating! I never know what it's going to cost. I have started asking for an itemized receipt and even that is confusing. They need to have clearly listed prices for their items. (eg: Blouses $x.xxSlacks $x.xx etc.) Then if they need to charge extra for a stain or something then list that too. I want to know they are charging me correctly and it's frustrating not knowing the breakdown.
3	I've only used them once for a jacket in October 2013. They did a great job of dry-cleaning my jacket and it was ready when they said it would be.Three-star rating stems from the staff not being the friendliest and that they do not accept American Express- my preferred payment method.That said, I would not hesitate to use them again and I will update this review the next time I do.
