5	I usually never buy food at the airport, but I'm so glad I did today. Something caught my attention about this place when I walked by and I did a quick yelp search. When I saw they have another location in Scottsdale with 4.5 stars, of course I had to give it a try. This isn't your typical Dreyers variety ice cream. They have "artisanal" ice cream with flavors like peanut butter chip, real mint chip (it's not green!), and their most popular flavor is salted butter caramel swirl. I sampled the almond butter crunch and didn't need to sample anything else. This was it. The ice cream has the perfect amount of sweetness. There are whole almonds mixed in, and I just about died and went to heaven when I bit into a whole chunk of toffee. At $2.95 for a single scoop (a pretty small one) I wouldn't say this is completely unreasonable, especially for it being at the airport. I wish I forked over another $1.50 for a double scoop though. One definitely wasn't enough. I came to AZ for a dental school interview, and I think I might choose this school just to come back for this ice cream!This location is at the airport in terminal 4, next to gate B4.
4	So I am at the Phoenix Airport. I go through the Business class line and get a hankering for ice cream. I am an hour and a half early and no one is in my line. I yelp what to do next.... I see there is a highly rated creamery in terminal B. I am in Terminal C. That sounds close, right?Nope.10 minutes of walkways later I arrive. It is tiny but mighty. There are many freshy creamed ices and smells of waffle cones waft from the entry. I got the espresso and prailine. They were both delish. I finished my entire 2 scoops before I got back to my terminal. The C terminal is Southwest and the B terminal is American/US AIrways. Because it was great and I had a craving, it was worth the walk. The price was very good for such great ice cream.
4	I had a nice experience here. I got vegan chocolate ice cream and a marshmallow on top (both tasted amazing). The workers were very friendly. The only bad thing about this place I would say is that they are a bit overpriced (and they were out of whipped cream, but I will overlook that).
5	Thank you thank you thank you for having chocolate and coconut sorbet at your airport location. I could not be happier - no dairy for me but creamy deliciousness. Can't wait to fly out of Terminal 4 again!!!
2	I didn't see what all the hype was about this place. It was mediocre at best. I guess because it's located in an Airport and it's convent. Other than that, I wouldn't waste my vacation calories here at this place.Your friend,OB
4	I love Ice Cream, especially when I am stressed.Airports make me so stressed out.This is a sucessful business strategy sweet republic. I see what you did here. I am happy you did. It is so good!
4	Fast service and great Ice cream. The waffle cone was different that I'm used to. It is good just very crumbly. I really enjoyed it and there was a chocolate surprise in the bottom of the cone.
