5	Love this place for lunch!  Fun Italian atmosphere with great food and service.  If you work around the Valley View/Russell area I would suggest going there for a panini.
5	Cafe Volare is a special place to eat.In Las Vegas, "special" usually means cheap buffets or 24-hour steak & eggs but at Volare, "special" means unique, outstanding and authentic.Cafe Volare is owned and operated by a longtime Las Vegas family who are originally from Italy. These good people made a name here in the marble business and Italians know their marble. (Just ask Michelangelo's friend David.) Italianos also view food as art and here at Cafe Volare, they take their time preparing fresh pasta, delicious eggs, crispy salads and crunchy sandwiches and it is well worth the brief wait!On Valley View just south of Trop with easy parking, the brisk breakfast and business lunch crowd can come and go, plus Volare offers high speed internet, but there's no need to rush. Rome wasn't built in a day.Fly to Las Vegas and then head to Volare, "away from the maddening crowds."
2	I ordered take-out from this place during my lunch break. I got my order a few minutes after ordering...and when I got back to my office, I had someone else's order! Of course, I called to let the staff at the restaurant know I was given the wrong food and was on my way back. Once I got there, all I got was "sorry" from the guys that worked there. Needless to say, the food was actually pretty good. I had a Caprese panini which was amazing and it was such a big portion that I only ate half of it. I also had the Rosemary roasted potatoes which tasted good, but were drenched in oil.  I'll probably go back to this place eventually, but might dine-in next time and maybe I'll skip the potatoes.
5	I had a great meatball sub.
4	For a neighborhood with not a lot of healthy options, this place has a very good salad selection. Good place for a business lunch if you are in the area. Notice it is a small cafe so the service can be slightly slow. The one time they didn't get my order right they fixed it and apologized.
5	If your looking for a place to get authentic Italian food, look no further. Great Italian born owners and staff make this cafe the best place in town for a quick lunch or a long cappuccino break.
5	I order here for delivery about 3 to 4 times a week. Delicious sandwiches. GREAT cappuccino!!  Super fast delivery.  Just relocated to Vegas from NYC, so pretty spoiled in the food department. It's been a challenge to find a place for a quick lunch where the food is GOOD. This is it!! 5 stars!
5	This place was my home away from home on vacation. While staying at the The Orleans I tried their coffee house in the casino. Needless to say it was not what I consider a good cup of coffee. Luckily I did a bit of research before leaving and found this little place named Cafe Volare here on yelp about 1/2 a mile away. And man was I glad I did.This place has GREAT Espresso, GREAT breakfast, GREAT atmosphere, GREAT service, not to mention free wi-fi. There was not one thing I disliked about this place. The rosemary potatoes, pancakes, french toast, and wraps were all so good. Just a great breakfast cafe. A great start to my family and I's day every morning. Never got to try any pasta myself. I can not recommend this place enough. I loved it. Thank you Cafe Volare!:)
5	Very Good! Super close to my office and service was great and fast. The side salad is like a whole other meal. Looks like I will definitely be a repeat customer.
5	Had lunch there with a couple of co-workers and ordered the lasagna which was the daily special. To put it in a word - amazing! The bolognese sauce was the perfect combination of sweet and savory, the (what I'm assuming were homemade) noodles were perfectly done and were layered with just the right amount of cheese. The service staff, a young brother-sister duo, are very friendly and genuine in their care for the customers. This was far and away the best lasagna I've had in years and I will definitely be returning soon!
5	Wow! We stumbled across this place for lunch one day and have gone back many many times.  The food is excellent!  Today, however, was exceptionally good because the mother of the owner made lasagna for the daily special. It was the best lasagna I have ever had in my entire life!! It is a family owned business as well and the service is fantastic!
4	I was tired of the same old lunch options. I searched for a new idea and Yelp led me to Cafe Volare. It's bright Italian cafe in a industrial business park that specializes in breakfast and lunch. My first visit I had the Classic Panini ($8.95) with roasted potatoes. I preferred classic with ham, arugula and cheese to the Caprese ($7.95). Subtle difference, but I like the addition of ham next time I'll upgrade to prosciutto. These paninis remind me of those I had in Italy. They are simple, fresh and tasty. The roasted potatoes are rich with rosemary flavor and satisfying. I'm yet to try breakfast or pasta. Maybe next time?
5	This is what independently produced sammi/cafe food should always be like:  Fresh, full of character, and great flavors.  Great sammi selection and some really killer soup.  The place was JAM packed and tons of take-out/phone orders coming in.  While we were there the in house crowd was close to 30 and they were banging it out with 1 front of house and 2 in the kitchen.  Bustin' some serious ass!  My ONLY knock was the sammi could use a little sauce (roast garlic aioli or basil mayo or something).  The server/hostess/cashier/I'm assuming boss said she'd try to put something together for next time.  They had mayo, just no gourmet to complete an otherwise outstanding meal.
5	Great change from all of the buffets! Small cafe with great service and delicious food. Get a canoli.
5	My boyfriend and I absolutely love this restaurant.  We stumbled across it one day when we were in the neighborhood and now it is part of our  tradition.  The staff is kind and efficient as you would expect from a family owned establishment.  The food is amazing and we have never been disappointed with the specials.  We signed up for their newsletter and look forward to receiving it each day.  Not only does it pass on info about menu items, but the descriptions and research are impeccable.  As a small business owner myself I am thoroughly impressed with the product and customer service!
4	great food and really good service, kinda tucked away of Hacienda St but worth the drive
3	The sandwiches are solid.
2	ok place for breakfast and they deliver so that's a plus! But other than that, tried their pesto pasta - too oily. tried their burger (delivery), took too long and my burger and rosemary potatoes were burnt - and i'm saying burnt like it looked like charcoal! I did call and let the manager know - so hopefully they don't serve / deliver burnt food anymore.
3	It took me a very long time to try this place out. And I don't feel that I missed out anything by waiting so long. The breakfast is solid. But nothing extraordinary. It is supposed to have an Italian flare to it but putting a sandwich in a panini press doesn't make it Italian. Or the heavy use of oregano.My breakfast sandwich looked delicious. The cheese was all oozy and melted but it just lacked a little something for me. Flavor, maybe? The bread has a nice bite but everything in between in just didn't home for me. It wasn't bad or nasty, just not so Italian.The potatoes that came with my breakfast had to grow on me. At first bite, I wasn't too thrilled but I will admit, they grew on me. It is good solid place especially for the area it is in. Just don't expect to be wowed.
5	Presentation is everything and when it comes cafe volare, this is only part of the story. The food is amazing!  Not only good but in generous quantities.  The service is quick and highly professional and the atmosphere is peaceful. You enjoy your food making it quite a culinary experience
4	This is a cute little Italian cafe. The coffee and espresso is superb!! I love  the sandwiches and the ravioli with the pink sauce is amazing. This  cafe is hidden in a business plaza and it was hard to find at first. It was worth it!! Love finding little authentic cafes in Vegas like this!
4	Great Chai Latte, and the ham and mozzarella omelet with rosemary potatoes was perfect.  As if my mom had made it.  Nothing over the top, not underwhelming, just right.  The decor is cute and fitting, and the staff was attentive and knowledgeable.  My only complaint (which took off a star) and this could be a deal breaker, is they had Fox News on the TV.  Like nails on a chalkboard when you're trying to enjoy something.  If this is how it always is I won't be back, however, I'll go again and find out.  Just put on a standard news and let me enjoy my meal.  I don't want to listen to those people while I eat.  Once that is fixed I'd happily bump this to a 5 star review.
2	This is a cute and casual eatery. Looks like it's a family-owned establishment because of the way the staff interacted among each other. Not a fan of bread, I ordered a bunless chicken sandwich with roasted rosemary potato and the soup of the day. My co-worker got a caprese sandwich. We both thought the food was sub-par. I repeated twice that I wanted my sandwich bunless but somehow they failed to follow the instruction. Regardless, I would not get this sandwich ever again as it was as boring and bland as can be. You get 3 pieces of chicken on some wilted lettuce and two wilting pieces of tomato slices. I thought the description said "arugula," not spring mix lettuce! It came with no sauces, no cheese, no additional condiments. Blah.The soup is also another disaster. I'm fairly certain I can make this exact same soup at home but it'd taste ten times better. Bleh! Gosh this soup is a disappointment to Italian cooking everywhere. Pass!
4	Holy mother of delicious pitas! Had the chicken pita today with a side of rosemary potatoes: I already want another order! The meat was marinated and had a wonderful flavor. The pita bread was soft and fresh. Went with the potatoes (Fresh cut) -- they were crispy and delicious, and  the rosemary was not overpowering, yet very flavorful. (Avoided the frozen french fries). The smell wafting out of the door was yummy! Friendly wait staff too. Now, if we could just get businesses to STOP using styrofoam!  But I'll be back!
4	Glad to find a good lunch option so close to my work, since we get sick of the same fast food all the time.  For under $10, I got the Classic Panini with Rosemary Roasted Potatoes to go.  The sandwich was fantastic with quality ingredients, and the potatoes were roasted dark and crispy, which is how I like em.  The portions were large and it was a very satisfying lunch.  I'm not usually a fan of Italian food, so I look forward to trying the falafel or shawarma specials on my next visit.  (My kingdom for some mujaddara or fuul in this neighborhood!!)  I like that it's a small business, but I think some family drama was going on backstage and it made me feel a little stressed.  I also hope they offer fountain sodas someday, since 20oz bottles are not my fave.  As i was leaving, a 20-seat work lunch arrived, so I'm glad I beat the rush!  Looking forward to ordering here often.  :-)
2	Not many options for food in this industrial area. Skinnyfats is closer to my office and a favorite of mine, never the less I like to give everyone a try. Service was good, menu options were extensive and food was prepared in the right amount of time...... Once the food was given to me the portions size was good... Food quality was weak in comparison to the pricing. I had the grilled chicken panini, the chicken was over cooked, the bread wasn't crisped up like expected from a sandwich press and the flavor was lacking something and side of rosemary potatoes...amazingness but not enough to bring me back... Two stars are mostly because the kid behind the counter seemed to really enjoyed this job and business and the potatoes.
