5	Kenta's skills are insane! With his customized pressure and perfected pace, combined with his expert knowledge of how the body works, he relieves my stress and tension completely in my neck and shoulders. I knew I carried my stress in that area, but I never realized how much until I got a massage and Kenta worked his healing magic--when he was done I had full range of motion in my neck that I didn't realize I was missing. I won't go to anyone else but Kenta!
5	Kenta is SOOOOO good!  I've been to a lot of different massage therapists and no one else compares.  He knows so much about the human body and how to make the muscles relax and he uses a lot of pressure (if you want it).  I REALLY like that.  I definitely won't go to anyone else!
5	It's not often that you come across someone so exceptional at what they do, that you know they're destined to do it.  Over the years I've had a lot of massages, some good and some bad, most mediocre at best.  Some of that probably has to do with me...what can I say, I have high expectations.  I also happen to have some serious muscle issues that your average therapist is not prepared for.  Kenta was recommended to me by one of his peers about a year ago.  Prior to that, I was burning thru several therapists a month, in a seemingly vicious cycle of brutal massages, spending days afterward on heating pads/taking pain pills.  Thankfully, those days are long gone.  Every massage I've had with Kenta has been a dream.  He's knowledgeable, highly skilled, and almost intuitive in his practice.  He's also personable, pleasant, and even his tone of voice is relaxing.  He has a genuine interest in helping people feel better, which is part of what sets him apart from others.  Even if you don't live close, I promise you, it is worth the drive.  Do yourself and your muscles a favor and check it out...you won't be sorry.
5	Kenta is simply amazing The first time I got my massage from him, I awoke the next day with no pain - a first for me in 10 years. I have severe back issues and he is helping me more than anyone has and that includes doctors. I can't say enough about him and have recommended him to many others. He knows the body- he knows how to get you healthy and to rid of the pain. He is a keeper!
5	I normally get a relaxation massage and decided to try a deep tissue for the first time. Holly, who has been a client of his since he opened, referred me to Oneself Therapy. When I arrived, Kenta made me feel welcomed and at ease. He was thorough in asking about my problem areas to be targeted and treated. This being my first deep tissue massage, Kenta asked about my comfort level through out the massage. I felt rejuvenated and tension free at the end of my session. Afterwards, he sat down with me and discussed a treatment plan that would work for me. I became a oneself member that day, this was a birthday gift to myself!
5	OneStep Therapy online booking tool, is great.. It allows you to review what days and times are available to meet your schedule.  Setting is very relaxing and comfortable.
5	Kenta really knows human physiology, and massage techniques. He puts you at ease, creates a relaxing environment and is super professional. He cured my headaches I was having related to my neck and I feel like a million bucks when I leave. I can't imagine going anywhere else.
5	There are no words to describe how appreciative and grateful I am for meeting and receiving my life-changing therapy from Kenta and OneSelf Therapy.  I have a history of neck and back pain from practicing dentistry for the past 9 years.  During these 9 years, I have unsuccessfully gone through various means to relieve my pain which have included seeing two different physical therapists, two different chiropractors, an acupuncturist, weight training to increase the strength in my neck and back, and not to mention numerous massage therapists.  What makes Kenta different from all of the massage therapists out there is his understanding of the anatomy and physiology of the body.  When I indicate an area of pain he will always explain the muscles involved that is causing the pain while he is treating the area.  After the session, he would suggests specific exercises to help with those specific areas.  What is amazing about Kenta is the fact that he is always striving to improve himself.  Every session he brings different methods and treatment which leads to better results than the last session.  One of the most important things that he made me realize was the fact that I should not only get a massage when I am stiff or sore but to maintain a therapeutic schedule thereby preventing the stiffness and soreness from appearing with greater intensity and frequency.  His three appointment therapy sessions spaced out between 11-13 days apart has greatly improved my physical health.  I have also noticed that my asthma has improved after each session due to Kenta's ability to resolve the tightness within my respiratory muscles.  With the three appointment therapeutic sessions, I receive two 90 minute massages and one 120 minute massage for less than $200 and that is including gratuity.  With that being said, not only is he looking out for your physical and mental well-being but he is also providing his services at a reasonable cost.  Finally, there have been times when I needed to see him before my scheduled appointment due to a long day at work and everytime he has been flexible and accommodating to my needs.  I highly recommend Kenta and OneSelf Therapy to anyone who is looking for a massage therapist.  Not only is Kenta my massage therapist but I consider him a close friend now due to my trust and respect that I have for him.
5	I am now in my seventh month of seeing Kenta at One Self Therapy. I only wish I could shout from the mountain tops to people who have back problems and are considering surgery. I KNOW if I had seen him 10 years ago, I would not have had surgery, would still be working and would be much healthier. The improvement I have seen in my back/neck/shoulders/sciatica/hip is incredible. I read that some are seeing him for breathing problems - I concur on the help. I had an asthma attack and could barely get a sentence out without gasping for air. Kenta helped with that. We are getting to know each other know over the time, and each visit I learn more and more how insightful he is to the human body. He is a fine person, has a great sense of humor and appreciates business I have sent his way. I can NOT think of another time/s I have had better massages. The "feel good" ones lasted maybe a day - I see Kenta weekly now and my back pain has lessened by at least 50 percent if not more. I urge anyone who has any kind of body pain to make an appointment with Kenta - don't walk, run to see him. He is simply THE BEST!
5	Kenta, the OneSelf Therapy guru, actually deserves ten stars. I have tried and spent a lot of time and money on injections, acupuncture, medication, x rays, physical therapy,  physician visits, MRIs, and chiropractic treatment since 2008.  In the course of an hour, Kenta brought me from pain to pain-free!  He would not give up until he identified the issue.  He's given me hope and though this may seem hard to believe, after he worked on my hip today, I actually felt younger.  I left OneSelf today walking without pain and with a normal gait! This was truly a therapeutic massage. The setting is classy, comfortable, and well decorated with good music. Kenta is kind and friendly and patient and truly gifted.  And, he wouldn't even take a tip (of which he was most deserving!).
5	Not much I can add to what has already been said. Kenta is great. Professional knowledgeable caring dedicated. Not sure how he does it but whether I am the first or last appt of the day I get his full attention. He never seems sore or tired. Noticed most of the reviews here are from women. I felt completely comfortable as a man. No weirdness to overcome. If I was an athlete of any kind this was be a regular visit for me. It almost is as it is. Pain/sore?  Try it once and you will be kicking yourself for not doing earlier.
5	I'm always a little nervous about trying a new massage therapist, but I found Kenta on Yelp and I'm so glad I gave him a shot!  I've been getting massages for 10+ years and always find it difficult to find someone who is knowledgeable about different therapeutic massage techniques and consistent in their delivery, but Kenta is fantastic.  His deep tissue massages are extremely effective for my neck and back pain without being painful (as they have been with other therapists).  I love that you can book online and his prices are very reasonable.  Highly recommend!!!
5	I've been to a few massage therapists over the years, including friends that were attending school,  So I have had the full spectrum of way too weak to really deep where you feel bruised and battered afterwards.  Kenta is a perfect blend of getting to the knots while still being therapeutic.  I'd definitely recommend Oneself Therapy (and I have) since I haven't had a therapist that put me off.  I am looking forward to checking out the new location.
