5	This club is top notch in all respects.  not only is it gorgeous and way out of my league, but it is a lot of fun.  I truly felt like Tiger (or his cousin Panther) off the tee because that thin air let that ball travel.  The greens play slower than what i'm used to in CA and NV, so put some oomph into your puts.  I have never seen so many streams, lakes, and waterfalls through 18 holes.  More than anything, the staff is very friendly and accommodating.  I felt like a king - this isn't out of the ordinary for a place of this caliber.  What is is the food.  The food was excellent and priced similar to a cafe instead of a golf course.  I ate the buffet breakfast and was wowed - this was the best breakfast I've eaten under $10 (tax and tip included!) anywhere.   It even beat some more expensive breakfasts.  The buffet lunch after our golf tourney was also excellent all around.  Also, the wait staff was perfect.  Come here if you want to live the country club life.  After a day here i wanted to call myself Chaz and go yachting.  Everything is well priced compared to other courses except the course fee, but it is money well spent.
2	S.W......you are talking about the wrong golf course.  SW reviewed Superstiton Mountain Country Club not Superstition Springs Golf Course.  The reason why I know this...I worked at Super Mountain CC while I was at ASU and I live about 1 mile from Supersition Springs.  So,  Superstition Springs is not Superstition Mountain....and the picture is of Hole #18 of the Prospector course of Supersition Mountain.Okay....Superstition Springs is a fair golf course.  The course is kind of hokey, as it has some really short holes...or really long holes with strange dog legs.  The course I think begins on hole #8 or #9 because the first 7 holes are just not well designed.  The back nine is better but #14 is a poorly designed hole.  The course condition is usually good but sometmes I've been out there and have seen the effects of heavy traffic.  I think the $115 per round rate is a little excessive for peak season because frankly 8 holes are crap....it's $120 per round for Wekopa and Wekopa is so much better + all 18 holes at Wekopa are AMAZING!!  I don't recommend this course because I think there are other courses that are better for $100-$130 price point.  However, if you want to play this course at twilight in the summer than it's probably worth it.
4	Superstition Springs is good, but not great.  Grass is plentiful here, so it's not a desert course by any means.  There are plenty of water hazards to go around, so bring lots of balls.  The course was really in pretty good shape.I like the layout.  There are a few minor elevation changes, and some opportunities to carry (or lose your ball, in my case) over water.  There is even a running creek between holes 10 and 18 that is sure to leap up and grab your ball.  On two holes, there is water on either side of the fairway, so straight shots are generally rewarded at S.S.The only problem is the price.  Superstition Springs is almost always overpriced, running at over $100 in the winter, and $40-$50 (if you include range balls) in the summer.  For that price, you might as well play a much nicer course like Las Sendas five miles up the road.  It might be good for an afternoon twilight round during the summer, but at their normal rates, it's not a good value.
4	We played in their Sunday Scramble event.  they have it the last week of each moth.  They do a great job of putting on this event.  The course this summer has been in above average shape, the greens consistant.  The managers do a good job of keeping things on top here
1	I have played here about a dozen times in 2011. The reason for the 1 star rating is we played a tournament here on July 16, 2011 and the greens were 100% unplayable. I've played on great greens, good greens, ok greens, lousy greens and now unplayable greens. These things are 50% bare with no grass AT ALL. The other reasons for the 1 star are (1) They do not give any warning when making a tee time that the greens are bad, not to mention completely lost. (2) After warming up on the putting green, about 3 putts is all I could stomach, I asked the starter "Are the greens on the course like this?" He replied "they're a little bumpy". Come on guys get real, be honest with people. This course is not worth $10 right now...............
1	This is a rip off right now. Online shows $22 rate, they sneak in a gps fee, and add small range balls your rate ends up being $37 with the worst greens in the valley. You can play far better high end courses for cheaper in the summer. Stay away.  The only way to describe this course is that it is Over Designed
4	This golf course is our home-away-from-home in the summer.  I love their early tee times.  We like to be the first group put in the summer and be finished before it gets too hot.  Superstition Springs allows us to tee off at 5:30 am.  We can usually squeeze the round in by 8:30 without feeling rushed.The fairways are *almost* always in excellent condition and the same can be said for the greens.  Average handicappers will find the layout challenging, especially holes 17-18.  There is just the right mix of water, elevation changes, and sand to make for an interesting round.Major bummer:  You never know what you might encounter in the course restrooms.  I've seen them in pretty bad shape with urine and feces on the walls.  Other than that, the staff is friendly and helpful.  The range is decent---not remarkable but functional.Overall, this is the best course for the money in the summertime in East Mesa.
3	Played out here last week, right after they started drying out the course pre-overseed. This was the first time I had played it in about eight years, but my feelings are still the same: I could take it or leave it.It's got some boring holes, some Mickey-Mouse holes, some interesting shots, tons of water, flattish greens, and overall nothing overly exciting. We only came out because it was $28 on a Saturday morning with lunch and two drinks included. It was definitely worth that deal, but that's the most I would pay to play here.In regards to the other review from just a few months ago, and the picture of the terrible greens, the greens DO NOT look like that anymore. They were lush to the point of being a little slow. I didn't see a single dead spot on the greens, so that issue seems to be over. I never would have known they were having such bad issues just 7-8 weeks ago if not for seeing the reviews here.The restaurant grub was above average and they had several good beers on tap.
4	Nice course, challenging, yet still fun to play for the amateur.
1	Worst golfing experience ever in AZ  for someone that plays once a week.  Stood by the starter for 30min waiting for them to bring us carts. Tee'd off at 2:20 for a 2 o'clock tee time.  Got to the 2nd hole and their were 2 groups waiting to tee off.  Eventually played the 2nd hole and got to the 3rd tee box... only backed up 3 groups.  Took 45min to play 2 holes.  Turned around, drove back to the clubhouse and asked for a full refund.  Received the refund and then had to listen to them tells us that they had some walk-ins they let tee off in front of us.  How do you let walk-ins tee off before groups that made tee times 3 days in advance?  Isn't that the purpose of a tee time.  Bad management and lazy staff.  I'll never go back.
4	Great time at the course! Conditions were great with the exception of some casual water in the bunkers. Take your drop and move on. Fun course and friendly staff! Play was a little slow but thats usually expected on Saturdays.
3	Played yesterday, course is in very nice shape.Greens are firm, fast, and roll true. Just wish people would fix their divots.I don't like the new sand in the green side bunkers as you almost always get a partially buried lie.Staff is friendly, not a fan of the driving range (mats).
2	Over priced for the quality of the golf course and the experience. First they said they were about 10 min behind start time, it ended up being 40 min. behind. They never told us that it was cart path only other wise we wouldn't have played there. It wasn't until the 12th hole that a marshal came up to us and told us it was cart path only. their tee boxes were littered with broken tees and the rough off the fairways was not it good shape. I almost forgot, they ran out of carts which was the reason we were late in starting, never experienced that before.
4	Great course! Well groomed, playable sand in the bunkers (trust me I know...),  greens are fast and plenty of water holes. In short, you'll be proud to bring an out of towner to SS Golf Club. Little on the pricey side.
1	I've played here quite a bit and it's really gone down hill. Last time I played the cart was filthy and had a big hole in the seat with tape over it. Played early on a Saturday to get done before the heat and they put groups off both sides to get more paid rounds in before the heat. Made the turn and it was horribly slow. Over 5 hour round and started at 7am. Greens were in horrible shape too.
4	Played here on 9/7/13 and the course was good! Some very challenging holes with a couple demanding landing areas from the tee box. The greens were all in pretty good shape, although there were several patches on a few fairways that had little to no grass. It was tough to read some of the greens - sometimes I would read a break and it would go straight, then other times it looks fairly straight and would break several feet. In reply to another review, all of the water containers were full of cold water. One of the carts in our group did run dead on the 17th tee box, so we pushed it with the other cart the rest of the way. It did take a long time to play our round because we were backed up behind people who looked like they were playing golf for the first time. Overall, I would play here again. Challenging course with cheap greens fees.
1	This place is horrible. Didnt warn us the course was bad from the rain. They then sent us to hole 1 when only the back 9 was open. Then when we stopped on the 16th cuz the course was so jacked up. Once we talked with the "pro" the only thing he could do to make it right was another round here. I don't want another round because I never want to come back!!! Play somewhere better for your money. Worst course and customer service I have ever experienced!!!!!
1	i rated it a 3 but its more of like a 2.5. It was raining heavily a night before... yes it rains in AZ too. Guess what on the next morning when we headed out to Superstition Spring, one 9 is closed. The course is flooded with water, they purposely flood one nine so that the houses around the neighborhood wont be flooded. Also i rated it lower due to public/municipal course, no offence but lots of people is playing due to cost effectiveness. The pro shop guy is really a nice guy very different from some of the DICK heads i have bump into. He gave us a choice a discount or play somewhere else without charging us.. Yes we booked thru golfnow so its usually pay first and play later. anyway the signature hole that i can think off... its the hole 14 PAR 4. water hazard forces you to carefully place your tee shot. alleviated green with bunker guarding the entrance, and water hazard on the left... so hookers pls be careful not to get to excited and hook while getting onto the green. will i go back there again? yes i will for the fact my only repeated nine left me the itch and incomplete feeling.Edited: Nov 3 2013:-i managed to play there yesterday, experience on the pro shop registration is somewhat the same back in 2012. Bill is sloppy and lack of information or should i say he is couldn't careless if the course is packed or what so ever. I like him in person very friendly. I had my tee time at 12:30 and i didn't mange to tee of until 1:00p and not to mention the starter had me cut the line. If i would have stayed till my turn i would be like teeing off maybe at 1:45 - 2:00 and i would have not being able to finish. Will i go back again? well if i am the residence near by i wouldn't mind but for visitors please stay away from this course. They are not the best and not the prettiest for all the hassle.back to the course design, if you are one of those that played and felt its difficult and not playing to your expectation, i tell you, you are not the only one. I have played with a regular and he said its so difficult to hit GIR although most of his tee off is on the fairway (12/18 not including PAR 3). His course knowledge is great, but still shoots in the low 80s. What i have notice is the greens are harder than normal as comparison to other US course (my home course is exactly the Superstition hard as a pan fry i call it) the other thing is the greens are usually raised. i am not sure if that's the intended design but my experience tells me its due to old course where maintenance keeps on filling and packing new sand onto the green without much punching holes and watering the green and most important of all let it rest (its hard when its a very busy course). Lastly the greens are smaller than the greens you find at the near by courses of Az. so these 3 factors make it hard to get GIR. Lots of water play as well (Az is a dessert) so folks to spray at tee off will have challenges. like i have said based on the revisit experience, i will not play this course again unless its dirt cheap say $5. so i will drop my rating from 2.5 to 1.
4	Great course played it 11/16/13. Second time I have been.. Both times it has been pretty backed up, lots of waiting. Putt lightly the greens move fast, and good luck
2	First off, I'd rate this course a 2.5 but there are no half ratings. I've played this course a few times over the past few years, and this last experience really compelled me to write this review.I arrived an hour and 15 minutes before my tee time, walked into the pro shop and the staff was friendly. I know this place AUTOMATICALLY tacks on a $3 charge for the GPS on the carts, but they NEVER ask you if you want it or not. Upon paying, I said that I would like a small bucket of range balls and did not need the GPS on the cart. Once I mentioned the GPS, I got a smug look, told my total and given my receipt. Friendly happy staff when I walked in, grumpy unwelcoming staff when I walked out. I was not directed where to go, nor where to pick up range balls. Lucky for me, I remembered where the range was...hidden at the end of the drive and around the back of the building.I hit my range balls and walked to the starter. Took him a good 30 seconds to at least acknowledge my presence. After which, he grabs my slip and says, "We don't have a cart for you yet, and we won't until about 10 minutes before you tee off." I was like, "well F you buddy." I kept my composure and practiced putting. Sure enough, when the carts came around the corner, it was time for us to tee off.I failed to mention, that this was a Monday and I was shocked at how many people were out there. The groups were paired properly and sent out on time. Once we got out there, we experienced wet conditions all around the front nine. This was a 2:16 tee time and it was still soggy. The greens were in good shape, but the fairways were OK at best and the rough was a joke...clumps of grass here and there, bare spots and mud. The pace of play was WAAAAYYYY too slow. Each hole we were waiting around and started waiting for the group in front of us to tee off. On hole seven, we pulled up and there was one group driving off the tee, another group behind them waiting, and another group, and then us! My partner called to pro shop to ask if they could send someone out to see what was causing this backup and the response he got was just sarcasm and a "what do you want me to do about it" attitude. VERY unprofessional! Of course, we never saw anyone check up on us. Later on the beverage cart girl even mentioned that the pace was slow.Not only was the pace of play slow, but the people who play here (and what seems like, regularly) and the most inconsiderate golfers I've ever dealt with. Pulling up behind you while you are on your back swing, then locking their brake on your downswing. Come on! Constant chit chat and yelling when they are 10-20 feet away from you on another hole, and then driving up and passing as you are swinging.We nearly cleared the front 9 in 2hr45min. After that, it temporarily picked up but then came to a screeching halt again and sped up when people realized we were running out of daylight. We had to call it as we finished hole 16 and that was 4hrs and 15mins into our round. Drove up to the cart return and after we got out of the cart and was unloading, the kid asked up to pull forward more. He came up to me as I finished packing and was unstrapping my clubs and he was kind of reaching over me to wipe down my clubs.What a poor experience. I won't be going back here for a while.
3	Golf course deserves a 4, pro shop and staff deserve a 4, but the service at the restaurant upstairs was bad, very bad. They took about 40 minutes to get our food and forgot my dad's food. 20 minutes later, when they brought it we were already late for our tee time. The food was decent and they also forgot to bring another drink my friend had ordered. Fairways and greens were in pretty good condition. Bunkers were a bit messy. Tricky course layout, challenging for long hitters, only being able to us the driver on about 7 holes total. The front nine was pretty good pace of play. On the middle of the front nine you have to go under an long unattractive tunnel. The pace of play on the back nine was pretty bad. A 20 minute wait on the 15th and 15 minute waits on 16-18. Very scenic course, kept reasonably well, bad kitchen staff.
3	Greens fees were $87 today.  I got out early today at 6:45am and thought there would be plenty of space for a single player.  I was wrong.  Luckily there was a 3some teeing off just before 7, who I got paired up with.  No one put my bag on a golf cart, when I placed it down to go inside to pay.  There were 2 kids out there putting other peoples bags on carts.  I wasn't going to tip them anyways.The course was in ok shape I guess.  I'll bet I can find some immaculate courses in great shape for $90 in Phoenix.  It appeared that no one likes to repair ball marks including players and staff.  The greens were fairly undulating but pretty easy to putt on.  The GPS came in handy on a few holes as there are a few blind landing areas and some tricky hole lay outs.  At the end of my round, I was in a hurry to leave and some kids were already pushing their club wiping services on the gentleman I was riding with.  I just grabbed my bag and shook his hand, said nice playing with you and bolted.I wouldn't mind playing again here , but for $90 I'll look for other Yelpers reviews of other courses and find another course to play on.Happy Golfing!!!
1	I have played this course many times. The last time I played it was about a year ago. the reason I haven't played it in the last year was that the course was in horrible shape a year ago. It has actually gotten worse. Horrible greens, smell, mosquitos, debris, garbage and just plain obvious that they don't care about this course. I live very close by and this would normally be my home course but I will drive to other courses to avoid this one. Sadly when I moved here 3 & 1/2 years ago it was a nice course. It has gone way down hill. SAD
