4	We currently rent a home that is handled by Southwest Management Group. We have been renting for almost a year now and have had no problems with this company. When we contact the office (with a question, repair request, etc) they contact us back immediately and are courteous. We are planning on renewing our lease for another year.
4	Lisa is the best !
1	Worst management company EVER!!!  If your AC goes out once...ok, they call a company of their choice to fix it.  But if your AC goes out a second time within two weeks like mine did, they'll tell YOU to call the company that last came out there and if the tech  finds an issue that needs to be addressed and you report it, they'll just ignore your call.  If you have the nerve to go down to the office to let your issue be known, they'll just give you a form to fill out and sit on it.  Beautiful property but when things break and its their responsibility to fix it, don't count on it.
1	Such a difficult company to deal with.  Or maybe it's just my agent Debbie.  I try to deal with them as LITTLE as possible.  I would not have used them had I not liked the place I live so much.  EVERY time I have to contact her it's a pain.  I've had a lock box on my door for over a month because she "forgets" to come get it.  Apparently her time is much more valuable then mine - I call with a jury duty notice for the owner, that I MUST drop off to her today.  Shouldn't she pick it up so she can finally take the box off my door??
3	My wife and I rent a house that is managed by Southwest Management Group, and our rental agent is Lisa.  We've been in this house for over 3 years now, and we love it.  I've worked with a lot of real estate managers over the years, from both the rental and from the investor side of the fence.  A lot of the complaints I am reading here honestly have less to do with the management company than the homeowner.  The best you can hope for with a management company is an agent who will return your calls, answer your questions, and ensure that both the renter and the homeowner are both upholding their ends of the agreement.  From my personal experience, Lisa has done just that, and has done it in a friendly and professional manner.  When we have issues, we leave a message for Lisa, and we have never waited more than 24 hours for a return call.  For the most part, any complaint or technical issue with the house is dealt with in an expedient manner, and we don't have to fight with them to get things handled.  The only exception to that is with our pool.  There is some problem with the equipment or chemicals or something, and a few times per year, our pool just turns green for no reason.  The pool company can't seem to get it fixed, and blames it on us, we blame it on the pool company, and it goes round and round between them, us, Lisa, and the homeowner as to who is responsible.  I would highly recommend Southwest Management group and Lisa to anyone, though I would avoid renting any home with them that has a pool.  Their pool company is contracted across all of their properties, and if there is a problem with your equipment, you may be in for the same hassle we have faced multiple times in the years we have been here.
4	We just recently moved out of our rental because the owner was moving back into town and was planning on living in the house. We had our walk through last Thursday and just received our deposit back today (a little over a week later). We received the full deposit back. We cleaned the house immaculately but were expecting some deductions for paint touch up and some slight wall damage. However, the owner of the house is planning on redoing everything and decided not to charge us anything. On another note because we were so happy with the service we had been receiving from SWG we decided to use them for a home we own in Henderson. They have been our property management company for that house for almost 3 years and we  have never had any problems.
1	This is the WORST property management company I have ever dealt with. For a while there was NO emergency contact number so if something went wrong with your property on an off hour (which it generally does) you are left to deal with and pay for the problem.We rented from a house on Swenson St and one night the toilets and sinks overflowed with raw sewage. We tried calling the emergency number to no avail and called a plumber who charged us over $200 and Southwest Management refused to reimburse us! We set-up a walk-thru with our new property manager (after our current one was fired) four times and he never showed. Then, he sent us a letter stating that we weren't letting him on the property! After numerous phone calls and emails he finally returned our call and came by to inspect the house. TWO WEEKS LATER we received a certified letter in the mail stating that they suspected drug usage in the house!!!! I have never in my life been so mistreated by a property management company. Do your research before you move and beware Southwest management.
1	This company has been "handling" our home in Las Vegas for two years now. It is an AWFUL company to deal with. The staff is extremely rude and unprofessional. They do not ask you before they order work to be done. They tell you after. They do not reply to emails or messages in a timely manner. They ignore you and are completely incompetent. We have had THREE "managers/agents" in the past 2 years. Do yourself a favor, spend a little extra and GO SOMEWHERE ELSE.
1	Tessa was the listing agent on a property I was declined on. My credit score a 700, 20 yrs. on the job in Las Vegas & earned 5 times the monthly rent amount. She is lazy and condescending. Marco is the same, her manager. Neither of them went the extra mile; neither of them cared to ask for my input. This is bad for any landlord that only wants an on time paying renter with good income that is clean and near. Do yourself a favour look else where to hire a property manager. Save yourself the credit check if your a renter!
1	I recently applied for a rental property through Tessa, a listing agent at the company. With my 700 credit score, 20 yrs on the job in Las Vegas, and 5 times the monthly income of rent I believed it would be no problem. However I was wrong, when it came to verify my history neither Tessa or Marco would go the extra mile and ask me my side of the story. Tessa is lazy and opinionated. Marco couldn't be bothered, he just repeats himself like a talking bird. If you are a seller looking for a good property management company don't look here. This landlord lost a great tenant, that pays on time, never misses a payment and is neat and clean. Isn't that all a landlord wants. Rent covered and on time payments. If you are a renter looking to find a place to live Please don't waist your money on a credit check with them!
