5	PestFree pest control service provided the best customer service and response time of any pest control company I have ever used.The technician was very friendly and professional. He spent time with us walking our property and truly seemed to care about providing the proper service that would rid our home of pests.
5	The service we received from Arborscape was incredible. The company sent out a certified arborist to discuss our tree issues. He was very knowledgeable and spent time explaining what pruning and plant health care programs would be best for our yard.The crew that trimmed our trees was very professional. They made sure not to damage any other landscaping and cleaned up after they were done. Our yard was cleaner after they left than it was when they arrived.I will gladly use Arborscape again.
5	I have a rental property that had a big elm tree that had died from renter's neglect taken out of the front yard.  Fitu from Select Services came over and advised me the tree could not be saved.  I was quoted a very good price for the tree removal as well as pruning on another big treein the back yard of the same property.The crew arrived timely as promised and had finished the job within 1.5 hours!  They left the driveway and the neighbors driveway clean as a whistle.  Very professional job. Afterwards, the next crew arrived to remove the stump and they were done within 1 hour and left the front yard in perfect shape!  I highly recommend this company.  Very good price and excellent service!
5	I have sumac trees that need to be pruned every year.  This year I tried Select Services for the first time and they were terrific.  Arrived on time, did a great pruning job, finished quickly and cleaned up the mess.  And Spencer, the estimator, was very knowledgeable and professional and came to the job site to explain the project to the workers.  Excellent service.
5	Joe, the technician was very professional & friendly. Sprayed inside the house & also the outer boundaries of the house. Plus the backyard.They showed up on time too.
5	Nicole is amazing she was very professional and had someone to my house within 2 hours. When he came he serviced my home in a timely manner. I would definitely recommend Select Services!!!!
5	Perry called my husband and I the night before to let us know he had an earlier time available on Saturday so we planned on 8:30 instead of 10 which actually worked out better for us. Perry showed up on time and was very professional. He showed and told my husband and I what kind of treatment for pest control worked best for us and our 2 dogs. He was very courteous and proficient. I will definitely recommend  Select Services to our friends and family and will use them bi-monthly next summer. Thanks again for the great customer service and we will definitely use your services again!
