4	I've been to this location about 40 times over the last six years. It's conveniently located and dependable.They have a few washing choices, from the drive-through $4 wash, to vacuum and wash options with dry offs in the $8-15 range, and some more expensive, more comprehensive options. All the washes are through their drive-through, but they do seem to have a detailing service in the back.One of the nice things about The Carwasher is the shade. Even in 105 degree heat, you can find plenty of space to wait out of the sun. They have some seating in the store, where they also sell random stuff (windshield screens, scented trees to hang from your rearview, greeting cards, candy, etc.), plus several benches outside where you can see your car being dried.On a few visits I have sprung for the extra $1 per floor mat cleaning. My mats are rubber but catch all sort of ground up refuse, and they have always come out great. As far as the cleanings are concerned, my only complaints are that they sometimes forget to vacuum the trunk and they always mess with all my seat and mirror settings.Tip: They frequently have deals where you can buy coupons for future use at a discount. I have a stock of full wash coupons in my glove compartment (paying for them in advance makes me more likely to get my car cleaned). I'm also currently using a 60 day, $18 unlimited drive-through "monsoon special" card. It cost the same as 4 and a half drive-through washes, but I've used it about a dozen times with a week to go, so it's a great bargain.Open at about 8am daily and closing at about 6pm (they have a schedule, I just don't recall it).
2	As someone who'd never previously been to a full-service car wash (sorry, lifelong DIY'er), I chose The Carwasher, because I frequently see Mesa PD cars being washed there, and thought "If they're good enough for our civil servants, they'll probably be good enough for me".  I asked about what express packages they offer, as I was about to sell my car, and I wanted to pass it off to the new owner in great physical condition.  I paid for their $39.99 package, which included an exterior wash, tire shine, interior vacuum, window cleaning, and an armor-alling of the interior.While a fair price, and a quick turnaround, my satisfaction ended there.  My wheels were still caked with brake dust, there were multiple dirty water streaks on the doors and on the rear of the car.  Judging by the black splashes all over my fenders after the short drive from the store, it appeared that the tire shine was applied without my tires actually having been cleaned first.  There was also so much armor-all on the interior surfaces that everything was wet to the touch.  The steering wheel and pedals were also armor-alled, which is very dangerous, causing both of those surfaces to be slippery!  I had to go over the entire interior of the car myself with a dry microfiber rag to soak it all up.Had I more than a few minutes to bring my car to its new owners, I would have disputed the service.  While they were courteous, timely and fairly-priced.  I can not recommend The Carwasher in Mesa to potential customers.
1	I recently moved my construction company office near this car wash and have my truck $4 rinsed-washed there a couple of times a week. Today I decided to get the interior clean and a better than $4 exterior wash....$40.  I was fine with the price.  My truck was run through the washer and sat out front for 35 minutes before being moved to the back for another 25 minutes. After an hour I complained that  I could have washed and vacuumed it myself in less than an hour for free, that I NEEDED to go and I wanted at least $20 refunded for the lack of interior cleaning.I was turned over to to the owner Angel/Angelo who absolutely refused to refund any of the money, was belligerent that I was impatient and exhibited zero customer service etiquette.The are many car washers out there, I will find another, This one is one of the worst, I will never be back.
