5	The only place I rent a car from in Vegas.  Very friendly staff and great prices.  Check the city special on Dollar.com to save a few bucks.  Sign up for the dollar express and you never wait in line.  Took me 10 years to figure that one out.
1	BEWARE OF THIS DOLLAR RENT A CAR. They'll rent you a car and fail to tell you that you need to show a receipt from where you purchased the gas to fill it up. They charged us $15 for not having a receipt (gas guage read FULL) Reasoning is they don't know if you filled it up with WATER! WOW! They practice sneaky techniques and treat you like a criminal before even giving you a fair chance of showing them you're an honest person. MASSIVE FAILING GRADE FOR THIS DOLLAR. Rent elsewhere please. Corporate will definitely be hearing from me.
1	I would rent elsewhere. I got a package deal through Southwest, and I picked Dollar as it was the cheapest car rental. As the saying goes, you get what you paid for..they charged us taxes when we got to the desk, which was expected and reasonable (about $22 dollars for 4 days of car rental).However, what caused me to never rent from them again is their scare tactics. They try to sell you on extra insurance that is $30 a day, stating that Dollar will charge you $125 a day for up to 28 days when it is in the shop getting repaired for any damage that happens to your car. I told the guy that the car would mostly be in the hotel garage, when he promptly told me that most "dings" that occur in Las Vegas occur in the garage (people hitting & running, and not leaving a note). He also mentioned that 40% of cars come back "dinged" and have to go to the shop.Total the extra insurance would be about $120 for the 4 day rental period, which would sky rocket my total rental car payment up to $250 for 4 days. Ridiculous. I ended up just leaving the car and not even renting it, as I ended up having a friend in town during my stay that had a car. I would have rather lost my initial $100 I paid for the car, than pay an extra $150 for taxes & "extra insurance".Overall when speaking with the guy at Dollar, they just seemed untrustworthy. Don't exactly want to be renting a car from an untrustworthy company.
1	Let's discuss how worthless Dollar is.  Really.  I'll NEVER rent from them again.  It's Labor Day weekend, right? So, of course everyone decides to go to Vegas and rent cars.  This is evident by the fact that the Dollar lot has no cars.  No joke - NO CARS.  When my friends and I got there, there was a line of probably like 25 people just standing and looking miserable.  There was one disgruntled woman manning the line and just randomly pointing at where people should be standing.  Now, even though my friends and I were also miserable, we didn't give this woman any grief - like some other customers were doing.  We stood there patiently and waited...and waited.Suddenly, a car pulls up and drives ALL the way to the back of the lot, so we didn't know if the car was outta commission or what the eff it was doing.  The woman who was in charge basically yelled at us from all the way back in the line...but, all she said was, "COMPACT! GO!"  Now, how the heck are we supposed to know that she was talking to US when there were a billion people around us?!  When my friends and I didn't make any motion to move towards the car, this woman actually had the audacity to yell at us, "What?  You're not gonna take that car?"  LIke, I don't know...maybe you could do a better job of actually TELLING us that that was our car?  Instead of just yelling from a billion feet away?  That's not rude...no...Great customer service, I tell ya.  I will never, ever rent from a company that would treat its customers like that...Ridiculous!
5	I had to write this review in defense of a car rental agency I've used multiple times a year for at least 10 years.  I've absolutely NEVER had any problems with the Las Vegas Dollar car rental at the airport pickup location or any others.  Now, there are a few things you need to know to make your rental experience a good one.1. Join the Dollar Express club for free so you can bypass the check in counter and go straight to the garage.2. Reserve your car well in advance, though I've never heard of Dollar running out of cars.3. Just say "No" to all the add ons, assuming you know your personal auto insurance will cover any damage to your rental.4. Do a pre-rental walk around on the car you are renting and accurately note any dents, scratches, or other damage.5. I do recall the new policy of requiriing a receipt for the gas.  Know you will need this and follow the instructions.6. Use the "Lock Low and Go" option which guarantees you a mid-size or larger.  I've never failed to get a small SUV with this option.Now, I will air one gripe.  The cost of renting with Dollar has gone up significantly in the past 3 years and, as a result, I joined the Thrifty "Blue Chip" club and will be renting from them until either Dollar gets their rates back in line or Thrifty goes up as well.  They are part of the same company.  I expect a 1 week mid-size or larger for around $100.  Dollar is up in the $175 range but I reserved at Thrifty for about $140 total.
3	Dollar is not the worst car rental agency I've worked with but its not the greatest either.  Yes, the agents will automatically lead you to purchase their insurance but you have to stick to your guns and be firm and say no.  My usual statement to them when they ask "are you going with our premium insurance policy or standard policy today"?  My exact reply is "I am declining all insurance".  They will give you the song and dance and that you are financially responsible if anything happens to the car and scare you by saying if the car is damage you will be charged each day its out of service.  Well guess what?  You in Vegas and you're here to gamble!  Think about it....If you're staying on the strip, its only 2.5 miles away from airport, you're not going to spend too much time on the road.  Most likely, you're just using the car to hop from one hotel to another and logging less than 40 miles for a 3 day rental.  Plus check with your own insurance company to know whats covered on your rental car.  Also check with your credit card company to see if they provide any additional coverage. The insurance add on is total BS.   The rental companies make a lot of money off their customers by scaring them into purchasing it.
1	Won't ever rent from them again.The agent was extremely aggressive using scare tactics to convince me I really needed their extra insurance saying things like "a drunk could hit you and it could cost you thousands of dollars without the insurance." I had to firmly decline the insurance three times, then sign two pieces of paper saying I declined it. This happened even after I indicated I had excellent personal car insurance. Intimidation does not equate to good customer service.The car windows were dirty and smeared and there was no washer fluid in the car. And the car wreaked of perfume- it obviously hadn't been cleaned well. This rental company will charge a $11/hour if you don't drop the car off exactly at the same time as it was picked up. Also, my flight got bumped, so I had to return the car a day late. When I called and asked them if that was ok, they said it'd be fine and because I called, there would be no late fee. There was. My actually charges exceeded my estimate (which included taxes) by over $150. When I called to complain, they said "it was just an estimate" and seemed surprised that I'd actually expected to pay what I was quoted. They were never really able to explain the discrepancy for the charges.Rent from anyone else- poor customer service, dirty car, excessive charges.
1	Very aggressive and rude pushing their insurance, in fact using the identical scripting from Thrifty.  Turns out they are the same company.  Gack!  When I nicely said I didn't want their insurance the agent snarled at me, "I have to DISCLOSE!" and continued the spiel.  She then wanted my insurance company and details of my deductibles.  Skip forward two days and I'm kicked back at the pool in Laughlin and I hear two other random strangers talking about being bullied by Dollar over the insurance.  Nice word of mouth, huh? Skip to the next day and I am returning the car.  I've filled it with gas and brought the receipt.  I even accidentally overflowed the tank, I was so anxious about getting it full.  And yet while I'm pulling my suitcase out of the trunk at the return lot the attendant starts barking at me, "This is 7-8! This is 7-8!"  I was baffled, was 7-8 the car number and I brought the wrong car back?  No-that can't be...how could I mix up the cars, this is the one I left the lot with 2 days before...  I understood the problem when he started barking at me, "I can't accept this!  It's 7-8!" while pointing at the gas gauge.  I explained that I filled it and pointed to the receipt I had given him, I even explained about overflowing the tank.  He just kept saying, "I can't accept this!"  So I asked him not to charge my credit card until I had a chance to talk to the manager.  He said, "I have to close this out now!" and handed me a receipt.  I went inside and stood at the return spot and was ignored for ten minutes.  So I loudly asked, "Does anyone work here?" An agent asked if I was returning a cash rental and I told him what had happened.  After about 5 more minutes he left his station and got the manager.  The ONLY good part of the experience was the manager.  He was courteous, apologized, and credited me the $22 (!) I had been charged because of 7-8.  The worst car rental experience so far!!
1	Absolutely the worst car rental experience ever. If you looking for an awfulway to begin your Las Vegas vacation try renting from Dollar the theMcCarren Airport. The rental agent was extremely rude and aggressive inpushing their additional liability insurance, which we tried to refuse several times. When my daugher intervened and told the agent "he toldyou three times that wed did not want additional coverage", the agent told her it was none of her blusiness and if we didn't  like it we could go to another conpany (which we would have if we had not already given them our credit card and drivers license) At this point we asked for the manager on duty (not a significant improvement) and completed ourtransaction.
1	Starting your trip in Vegas?  Want to start it off on the wrong foot?  Want to get not-very-good service and get pressured to buy options you said you don't want (check your bill before you sign for extra fees for stuff you didn't want or weren't asked if you wanted)?  Well then this is a good place to start with.This is the second time we rented from them here and will never do again.  It's just not worth it.  We specifically said our insurance covered the rental but we still got pressure to buy there's.  Then we said there would be one driver but when we got ready to sign there was an extra $10 a day charge for an extra driver (ummm we said one driver).Oh, and both times they couldn't find our reservation, until we offered tips on how to look it up, which is just ridiculous since you would think they would be pretty adept at finding reservations.We'll go with someone else next time.
1	Wish i could rate 0 or negative stars.  I have rented at least 30 vehicles from a half dozen car rental companies before.  Never once had I been asked to show the gas receipt upon returning the car as proof that i did not try to cheat the rental company of a few dollars worth of gas.  Adding insult to injury is the bad altitude of the attendant and his manager and their whole speech about how people can drive 50 miles with the fuel gauge still showing full tank.  No - it is not acceptable corporate policy to assume your customers are by default cheaters.  It is also not acceptable customer service when you don't even know how to act with simple courtesy -- I would not have minded as much if they could just say "sorry that the agent did not inform you of the policy before you rent the car, but ..."  It's bad enough to have a customer-alienating policy to start with.  Dollar's horrendous execution of this policy is simply beyond belief.WORST CAR RENTAL EXPERIENCE EVER.  WILL NEVER USE DOLLAR CAR RENTAL AGAIN.
1	Signs of a BAD Car Rental Company:1.   4 associates. 2 customers including me waiting to be helped.  20 min wait.  2.  Running to the car, and one rep to point out an available car.  Super nice guy, but grandpa needs to find another job.  3.  International an tourist renters flock to this company.  Waited another 15 mins for a family of four to ask a question and change cars.  4.  Finally got in my car rental.  No fucking keys.  Are u serious?!?!!?!!!??!!!!!5.  Returned the car on time.  Sir, need your gas receipt.  Huh?   Any car over 10 miles you must show proof of a gas receipt or it's 10 bones a gallon.  The effing gas needle didn't move an inch.   Completely full according to the meter.   Fook u dollar.  Congrats , you won the worst car rental company award in Vegas. Enterprise you have a customer for life.
1	My girlfriend rented an SUV from Dollar so we could Sight see on our last day in Vegas. She basically picked them because they assured her that they worked with the MGM Grand and that they would deliver the vehicle to us. We went down to the Concierge to get the car on the day the car was to be delivered.  Guess What???  No car! The Concierge told us they hadn't worked with Dollar in month's. Right there I am thinking Dollar told us an outright lie to get a sale.  The concierge called Dollar, confirmed our reservation and made arrangements for Diane to take a shuttle to pick up the SUV. When she got there, they couldn't locate the car, so she had to go through the whole story again! They also told her that when planned to return the car the Shuttle to McCarran would not be available. They did take $50 off the price for the trouble we had.  When we returned the car, at the time we said we would, we asked them where we could hail a cab. The guy who checked in our car told us the shuttle was still running. More wrong information! The employees at Dollar need some professional Customer Service Training!!! We will never rent from them again!!!
1	The lines are outrageous   Avoid this place. You'll save ten bucks but lose your mind in the process. Going back to Hertz!!
1	Horrible experience(s). After the first visit, I was thinking that I was having a bad day, but after my most recent visit never again..Despite coming in on a dead Monday (mid-day, no conventions/major events) I waited in line for over 45 minutes before I was helped. There were 4 associates working and maybe 6 people in front of me. First of all, they will literally try to get you to buy any and all of their insurance plans.  They will state Nevada state laws regarding rental cars and your rights since us "outsiders" don't know them. Again, if you refuse, the sales person will state all of the horrible things that can happen to your car and that I would be held liable for it even if it wasn't my fault.It got to the point where I had to yell at the sales associate to get them to stop. She said that "The #1 car accident in Las Vegas, is a hit and run. And if that happens to your rental car, you are held responsible for all financial costs if you don't buy our plan. So potentially, by turning down a $47 plan you could be paying over $5.000" I flipped out and told her to just shuttup. She must have been used to it because it didn't phase her at all.And it gets worse..When you return the vehicle, you MUST have a gas receipt present or else you will be liable for any charges. And based on other reviews, it seems like most people do get charged an additional amount. Apparantly, the gas receipt will prove that the tank is topped off..despite the meter reading that the tank is on FULL. So I had to give them a $3 receipt. What really pissed me off, was that when the return associate told me that the person who had my car before didn't fill up the tank. So they would be charged the extra amount. But I was still responsible for filling up the tank all the way even though that wasn't what I receieved it with. For my trouble i got a 10% off coupon for next time.DON"T BE FOOLED BY THE LOWER PRICES. a $13.99 mid size rental for 2 days turned out to be $57 after all the taxes and fees. Combine that with slow and rude service and weird company policies...NEVER AGAIN.
1	I would never never use dollar/thirty car rental ever again
1	WOW !  Worst rental car experience of my life. Booked a mid sized SUV here and got pressure to upgrade car and insurance coverage.  Guy working there was so slow and tried to get me to add on all kinds of BS I didn't need.  He even gave me the "don't tell my manager I'm giving you such a good deal" routine - REALLY!Literally took me 30 minutes to get my paperwork done. I feel like they were trying to scam me - I'll never rent from Dollar again if I can help it.  STAY AWAY!
1	This review is for a about six months ago.The first and last rental with Dollar. I spend ~$2,000 on rentals a year for work and personal but this was the most unusual case I have ever encountered. Was asked what hotel I was staying at and where I worked in a tone that made me uncomfortable. When I stated that this was personal travel and that I didn't provide this information when I rented cars the clerk asked where I rented from (Enterprise) and after I stated hotel and employer the clerk said I was rude and to go rent from Enterprise. Then when I switched lines the other clerk said to go to the back of the line. I guess it's good to be humbled now and again but that was not the only issue. When I walked out to get a full size car I waited for quite a while for a disabled person to take me to an intermediate car. They like to give out Malibus instead of Impalas apparently. They also put people that should be behind a desk in a job that requires walking and people that should be walking behind a desk.
1	I wish I could give negative stars.Below is my latest email to Dollar, it pretty much sums up the mess! On July 12 after for waiting for over an hour & 40 minutes to get to the counter (there were 3 employees and only 6 people waiting) my Dollar rental car nightmare began.I had reserved a car prior, approached the counter, and dealt with one of the most inept human being I have ever encountered.  Is it common Dollar practice for checking out at the counter to take over an hour?  Is it common Dollar practice for an employee to take a break while checking you out?  Is it common Dollar practice for an employee to send personal text messages & take personal phone calls while tending to a customer?  Is it common Dollar practice for employees argue with customers that there 'are no dollar rental car drop offs in Scottsdale Arizona"?  (thanks to me, he should now be educated that there most certainly is).  Most importantly, is it common Dollar practice to have an employee at the counter tell you that your car is due back by 6:00 the next day only to find out when you get your credit card statement you were charged several 'extra hourly' fees?     When finally leaving the counter of doom, I was "GREETED" by another awful Dollar employee in the parking garage.  After 15 minutes of trying to find the parking lot "Attendant" - using that term very loosely -  a sourly woman takes my contract, looks it over, hands it back to me and says as she's walking away, "the only mid size left is over there" with a tone and attitude that indicates I am CLEARLY bothering her which is confusing because I was under the impression that SHE WAS AT WORK.  After helping myself to my vehicle I was finally on my way almost 3 hours after getting to the rental car center.I was told to have the car turned in the following day by 6:00 pm at the scottsdale location.  Luckily for me I turned it in at 4:30.  Why is that lucky you ask?  Probably because that location closes at 5:00.  Another A+ fact not known or shared with me by counter boy in Vegas.  In Scottsdale the Dollar guy takes my keys with a "great, you're all set" and takes off to fetch another car for someone else.Silly me thinking that was the end of my Dollar torment.As I said my credit card bill showed up.  I was originally estimated $150.49, and before you question the obvious let me spare you - yes the gas tank was full and no there are NO reasons for incurring any additional fees.  I was charged $254.89.  $104.40 more than I was quoted.  Naturally, I called customer service to try to get to the bottom of things and was put through on the line to 'wanda'.  After explaining my confusion to wanda, she informed me that because I had a return time of 1:04 on the 13th I was charged..... this is the part of the conversation where wanda went into complete babble.  Rattling of $3.45 a, hour charge for this, $8.26 for that, late charge this etc, etc.  After wanda stopped the Dollar, Dollar Babble I explained to her that I was not late in returning my vehicle, that I was told I had until 6:00pm on the 13th and I (thankfully since they would have been closed past 5;00) dropped the car off at 4:30.  Her response?"We cannot be responsible for what the man at the counter told you"Really?  A Dollar employee gives me information and it is a lie?  Should I have packed my polygraph testing equipment and uncovered all of this beforehand? This was MY fault?I asked her, "you don't find that completely SHADY?She repeats  "We cannot be responsible for what the man at the counter told you". The ONLY part of my contract that references being late states that if I return the vehicle after 6:00 on the 13th, I will be charged a change fee of $12.99/day.  And of course be charged an additional day.I tried explaining this to wanda but we got nowhere other than her reciting her Dollar, Dollar babble.  I finally asked her what I am suppose to do about this & who am I suppose to talk to?  She informed me that she 'made a note of my complaint'."What does that mean?" I asked.  She repeats: "I made a note of your  complaint."  I say " So we just end the conversation?".  She repeats "I made a note of your complaint".So after just having my phone call ended for me with 'customer service' - let's go ahead and use that term loosely too - I am perplexed about what to do with this bill.  I owe $150.49, I do NOT owe $254.89.  I am happy to pay the $150.49 and move on with life so if someone could please help in rectifying this mess, that would be appreciated. After a quick internet search, it appears I am not the first person to have a complaint with this company, not by a long shot.  If I have to dispute this through my credit card company, I'm doubtful I will be the first Dollar dispute they have received.
4	Ok now yes the wait is long but worth it I had a long night of trying to rent a car after a long night of horrible police work in vegas I was passing threw going to my family reunion and had to rent a car in vegas. I went to counter after counter telling my story but everyone kept giving excuses. Guess o should of went to Dollar first the manger Jeremy was so nice and helpful matched my rates that I found and everything he help us to figure out the best way for us to rent the car without having to do extra and pay extra due to us needing a one way and everything it was a long night but Jeremy definitely helped in making it better and I didn't even know he was the manger. When I came back to drop it off the attended who checked the cars in was trying to give me a hard time on the gas when I had just filled it up. Jeremy saw me remember me and told me he would take care of it. Than told me where to go after and who to ask for. I had to wait a little while again but my bill was fixed. It was just wonderful.  Other than the wait I'm glad I worked with them and will defiantly be back when I'm in Vegas.  THANKS JEREMY ;)
5	I know many have had a bad experience here, but to be completely honest, this was the EASIEST car rental experience I've ever had. No line, pleasant staff, I think it took me all of 5 minutes from walking in to sitting in my car. Yes, there was a decision to make with regard to insurance, but a simple "no" from me completed the process. The rate I got was excellent too. $330 total for a 6 day rental on a convertible mustang, picking up LAS, dropping off LAX.
1	Coming from Europe almost twice a year, we're no rookies anymore in the world of car rentals. But they keep amazing me every time. Not because of the cars, but because of the brutality with which the're trying to talk you in to all kinds of unneccessary extra's. Telling you horrifying stories about what will happen if you - stupid European! - do not take the offered extras. Sometimes adding up to an amount that's higher than the rental fee. The hell no, I don't want your coverage for health insurance. Please.....I like your country buth don't try to sell me your health insurance. It wil never match the one I have back home. That, together with my travel insurance covers more than you can imagine, probably for less. And that's just an example of one in the many things rental companies try to sell us.And the other one they always try is telling us our luggage will never fit in the compact. ' We really need a (paid) upgrade.'  Sorry, I'm from a country where we all drive small cars. My luggage fitted in from home to the airport in a similar underseized vehicle, so....thanks, but we'll think we manage. And if it doesn't fit, why do you advertise that it does? Something to think about.And the worst of all. They always start very, very friendly. The moment you waive away any extras or upgrades, that stops. Since when is it so hard to give service with an smile and just give the customer what was agreed upon?Yesterday on Las Vegas beated all former experiences. Jeremy of John? An older guy with a talking disability (don't know how to call it in English, but it was almost as if somebody broke his yaws) started it out very, very friendly. But coming to the end I asked him what was the big amount that I had to pay. Oh, your road side assistance. But dear Jeremy/John.....you didn't asked me if I wanted it. ' But you should, blablabla.....'. I ended up not buying and paying for the road side assistence. But, we flew in from Seattle, fresh, no jetlag. How many tourist will step into these scams? Arriving tired with a big jetlag? After this 'nice' experience we left the counter to the garage to join a nice line with at least 20 parties before us. But, I have to be honoust, the young people downstairs did the best they could, with a smile. That's nice to notice........To be fair, a lot of rental companies face these problems. We seldom have better experiences. Although we were very good helped bij National in Denver (airport). But they own the key to change. Just change the way you pay your personnel. Not on what the sell on extras, but on the customer satisfaction after service. It's that easy.(Note: excuse all spelling and grammar mistakes. I'm no native speaker and my Apple device keeps trying to change all words to proper Dutch words).
4	I reserved a car from Dollar online through my Dollar Express number. I did this to speed things up when I picked up the car. In the past when I have rented a car this way I would bypass the line and move right to the lot where someone at the booth would print my papers and send me on my way. This was not the case on this day.On this day, I waited at the booth for 20 minutes until someone bothered to acknowledge me and said, "Oh, them guys went home already. You will have to go inside to the desk". What he failed to mention was the looong line. I waited in this line for 45 minutes while two employees processed patrons at a "much less than" frantic pace. I then waited another 20 minutes while only "one"  employee processed patrons. This processing occurred at half of the previous pace as one of the employees disappeared through a door behind the service counter.Finally it was my turn! I walked up to the counter and explained that I had made my reservation online through my express membership. "Express!" The man asked? You are an express member? He asked my name I showed him my id and low and behold my papers were laying on the counter. He said, "next time just come and say you are express". Doh!So I will call this a customer service glitch. Ahem... I chose to find the humor my situation. Most who were in line with me found no such humor. Things improved once I got back to the garage booth. The fellow couldn't find the car I had rented and quickly gave me an upgrade and I drove off.I would rate this experience with Dollar at a three star because the price was awesome ( I had a great online coupon), I received an upgrade and although I had to wait in line half the blame is mine for standing there without asking. I give Dollar 4 stars overall. We use them often and as long as I book express, (and know to ask), it always works out great.
1	This is probably the worst customer service experience I have ever had. They were not only snarky, but they outright lied to us and refused to let us speak to management. We only asked upon checkin if there were cars available, because of an angry customer complaining ahead if us. There was a three hour wait for cars below and customer service at the counter refused to acknowledge this. They even told us that they had no way to communicate with operations below who were dispersing cars. Taking a look at the reviews, this place is notorious for terrible service. Doesn't corporate read yelp reviews?  Do yourself a favor, boycott Dollar. Send them a message that the need to reprimand their operations manager for this location.
1	Truly the worst car rental company.This is the second time this month they left me in a long line because they don't have enough staff.Them and Thrifty (they are partners) are the only ones who have a long line at 11:30 at night.Save yourself and go with a different car rental company.
1	After waiting in line for about 1 hour I went up to the counter to face fierce sales person who wanted me to upgrade my car to convertible when I say no his reply was "really" as if I am committing a crime by driving economy car in Vegas then he started selling me insurance from $25 / day to $75/ day and I rejected that as well then the expression on his face was like I am committing huge mistake..well when I went to garage to pick up my car I found that they don't have any economy cars left so they had to upgrade me for free..that explained few things..I like the rental place but not the rental company ..but I guess this is how things are these days with rental companies
1	I always try and see the positive in life and give people and businesses the benefit of the doubt. Problems arise and I don't hold businesses accountable just because my experience at any given time was less than expected.I reserve my 1 stars to those companies or situations where there is intent to hurt or take advantage of customers.I reserved a car for 4 days during a recent visit to Las Vegas. Dollar overbooked their cars!. There was a line of about 30 customers waiting to check in. There were only two people staffing the front desk. At that rate it could have been at least an hour wait. As bad as that sounds, I learned that Dollar intentionally short staffed the front desk to deliberately slow down the line in the hopes of getting returned cars back that they can then re-book. Essentially they took profits first and customer satisfaction second. The right thing to do would to tell the line that they are out of cars but hopefully will be getting returned cars shortly. Let the customer decide to wait or move on to another rent a car company! The deception was not appreciated!
1	They provided my 77 year old father-in-law a 2007 sedan with 135,000 miles on it. If I would have been there when he picked up the car I would have requested a new one because it looked worn out. The battery died on day 2. When AAA came to jump the car a line blew and the car was not driveable. Dollar acted like they were doing us a huge favor by bringing a new vehicle out - wtf, wasn't that a given after you provide a handicapped senior citizen with a junker? Father-in-law was so stressed about driving the new car I requested to be added as a driver and they made us jump through flaming hoops to accomplish that. We HAD to drive to a location and NEEDED to bring the primary driver with us so we drag him to the location and they didn't even make him sign anything, talk to him, or show a license or contract - wtf again? Horrible customer service.
1	This company really cheesed me off this weekend.  I had a car reservation (through Travelocity) but when we showed up to pick our car up, they had no cars!  Lady at the counter said, sorry...just because you have a reservation that doesn't mean we will have a car for you!  Sheesh, guess I need to relearn the meaning of "RESERVATION"!  Offered no assistance finding a comparable rental elsewhere - we were on our own.  NOT a happy camper!  Of course, now that it's a last minute rental on a weekend when the largest convention is in Vegas as well as the NASCAR race, we ended up paying double for a car vs. what Dollar quoted weeks ago when I made the "reservation".  JERKS!
1	I learned something new at Dollar today - "Reservations mean nothing." Those were the actual words of the counter rep to the 15 of us waiting in line after announcing they had no more cars available and being asked about reservations.Consider me now schooled on the intricacies of renting from Dollar (not that that will ever happen again).
1	Don't rent from dollar rental car. If one of there cars hits you. You are on your owen and are A victim. Corporations like this should not be in bissness.
1	We arrived at the rental center at McCarron around 11pm on a Monday. After an hour of standing in line, thinking if we could just get to the counter we'd be quick because we had reservations. Wrong!  We learned there would be a $350 hold that was not on any of the info. Finally after an hour we were in the car.  After traveling 19 hours that day it was extremely frustrated for it to be even more delayed once we arrived at our final destination.  We won't be using them again. Should have read previous reviews. I'll pay the extra few bucks to have speedy, if nothing else,  efficient service.
1	Worst service of my life! Even though we had a reservation, we had to wait for almost 3 hours in 4 different queues to pick up the car. Reservations mean nothing! When we enquired of the staff why it was  taking so long,  we were told that they only phone down to have the car found,  cleaned and fuelled up, when you arrive to pick it up!  In South Africa where I Travel regularly I'm used to collecting rental cars within 15 minutes maximum.  When we finally received the car it was not completely clean. None of the other rental companies had long queues at that time. You would think this is the first time they have rented a car!
1	Awful.   Zero stars.  1 hour wait for a reservation and all staff were rude or indifferent.
1	This experience was unbelievable, they had at least 10 computers a 1 person sometimes 2 at the computers for a line of 20 customers. There was no indication they cared how long you waited inline. I waited about 40 mins for just 3 rentals in front. I got to pick from a row of cars and none had keys, all smelled bad, they gave me a different row to pick from. I pick the best of the worse. When I got to the exit attendant, name starts with an A, that is all I'll say, he was very rude and a little scary. I pointed out the multiple damaged areas and he seemed insulted, he would not even inspect the areas. He said "it's a rental what do you expect. I had to video this to make sure they would not charge me on the return I did not notice but the tires were very bad. I had to drive from Vegas to Tahoe. I will NEVER use Dollar rental again. Do yourself a favor and walk down the line to another rental company even if it cost more.
1	Absolutely horrible service. When you have 20 people in line having 3 terminals open doesn't cut it. Especially when the workers work slower than molasses. You have one who just looks like they don't want to work (which is pretty clear when they came and left not even 20 minutes working getting through maybe 4 costumers), another who types slower than a electronically inept person and the last guy who just keeps talking like its social hour with every costumer ( I'm sorry but when you have it backed up make friends on your break time). Honestly I chose Dollar because of the prices, but with service like this I have no desire to do so again. My advice, bite the bullet pay the extra costs somewhere else and forget about dollar. Would have given half a star but apparently I can't do that, just FYI.
1	Absolutely horrible service.  I waited in line for well over an hour with only 3 service members checking people in.  And then the employee who checked me in did not even give me the car rental printout and I had to go back to get it.The mid-size car selection is horrible... all the cars are extremely outdated, half the electronics inside the car do not work, the steering is very sensitive, brakes suck.Only reason I "rented" from them is because they are government contracted and I had no other choice. Worse car rental experience ever.
