5	These folks are amazing at 6:00am. Super friendly, great coffee and today it's FREE!!!
5	Opening day is finally here!!! This line is about a mile long but I don't mind  I have been impressed with all the locations on the west valley, so I am certain this will be no different. They have great coordination considering it's opening day and have all the vehicles lined up nicely through this business complex and staff is walking around handing out menus and pins :) so excited for this location!! Support the local spots
5	Came in the am for my free coffee on opening day!  I am a first timer and I can say I'm officially a fan.  Employees were all very friendly and I even took a selfie with them!  Love it!  They were all smiles.Music was loud but that makes the environment fun.  I had the Cocomo on ice and it was very good.This compared to Starbucks?  Both are equally good and close to price.  I like both.Can't wait to try more!
5	Best experience we have ever had of any food/beverage establishment! Left feeling uplifted and happy. On top of that, the coffee was incredible! We will be loyal customers to DB!
5	My first experience of Dutch Bros was at their Peoria location and I was blown away at the awesome upbeat vibe and service. My husband and I have raved about them and been going ever since, it's been about a year now. We live in Surprise and were BEYOND excited they were opening a location here... Needless to say we are at DB's several times a week, sometimes several times a day... we are raving fans of their coffee and all their drinks (our kids love them too) and the whole team at the Surprise location is just as great as the rest!!!!!!!!!!
5	Very good espresso. Staff is also amazingly friendly. I went the last three days in a row and will continue to go. It is nice having something other than Starbucks in the area.
5	Amazing service every time I go! Friendly staff, great coffee.
5	5 stars for the friendliness and politeness of the staff. Their product in not bad at all, either. I had the double choc mocha and it was very good. Will be back here everyday.
5	Love this place! Great coffee and great friendly staff! So happy they opened a location in Surprise
5	Staff is awesome, drinks are amazing. Starbucks can't compare. Dutch Bros is always on point. If there is a long line they send a staff member to your car to get your order so it's ready at the window! Angie and Daniel are very personable which makes it feel like a small town which you won't find at Starbucks coffee or should I say six bucks coffee..? They always have a promotion going on, and they give out stamp cards so you can get free drinks! Free? Yep! Woohoo!
5	LOVE dutch bros coffee! Its the new starbucks! The atmosphere is so fun and lively, the drinks are delicious and the prices are reasonable! They make the drinks very fast and i love how they can text you your receipt!
5	I LOVE starting my day with the am crew! I feel almost bad if I don't see the great kids working at Dutch Bros because I had to stop and see my other fav coffee enabler. Knew me after my 1st trip and pointed out how I was super early that am. Friendly, outgoing, and even fast with lines at the lunchtime rush. Iced Annihilator FTW!! Next time trying caramel added to my mac nut fix
5	Went through the drive thru and the service was amazing. The girl that took my order at the window was awesome! Plus I got my iced white mocha fairly fast! It was my first time trying Dutch brothers and it was so good. I like that they use chocolate milk instead of regular milk... Not for anyone counting calories lol.
5	I absolutely love this place. Every employee is funny, crazy and hilarious! The coffee is by far my favorite!
5	Dutch Bros always gets 5 stars! This location is awesome, just like all of the others I have been to!
5	Amazing amazing AMAZING. Had an issue with my drink and the manager Austin went out of his way to make up for it. Dutch bros is always friendly and puts the customer first and today they definitely took care of me. So thankful for all the great people dutch bros hires especially at this surprise location.
5	Service and coffee was great!  We love the caramelizer - either iced or blended.  Delicious!  Also had a Strawberry Black Tea... very good as well!  You can't go wrong with this place.  Will definitely go here (or Sunshine Coffee on Reems depending where I am at) before any of the other bigger coffee chains.
5	Excellent customer service regardless of the time of day. We enjoy the window comedy....one worker even played rock paper scissors with my son at a chance to win a pre stamped card. The upbeat friendly attitude makes good coffee taste even better. Wish they opened at 4am....friendly people like that has got to be the best way to start the day. Thank you Dutch Brothers Surprise we love ya!!! :)
4	Yum! I'm not even a coffee drinker I love there smoothies! I have had an issue with my drink before but they quickly remade my drink and gave me a free one for next time as well. The staff are always happy. Sometimes to happy which then gets annoying but there's nothing wrong with being happy. Lines get really long at times so that's a down fall but over all a great stop for a drink!
4	OK here is the deal. No, it is not high end European coffee. No, it is not a cup of Maxwell house either. The coffee is ...get this, DRINKABLE !!!! Unlike Shit  err I mean Crap  errr Starbucks devil laced jet fuel. It is not bitter it actually tastes good.... again not like yuppy look how important I am with my double retard starbucks cup of crap. If I am going to get a coffee drink this is the only place I will go to get it. The staff  Listens, talks, smiles, asks if the drink is ok, seems happy...again unlike the robot trained non human prick behind the "Barista" counter at crapbucks.
5	By far my favorite location.  Coffee is always perfect.  The staff is just the right amount of friendly :)
4	So far the employees are super helpful. The prices are decent. Coffee is not bad. The only problem I have is the drive thru. Kind of tight for big trucks. I have to try again to completely enjoy everything. the stars are for the coffee and staff.
5	There is not a bad Dutch Bros location, but this one is by far my favorite. I stop by on Tuesdays and Thursdays between work and school, and I have never had a bad experience here. The staff is always friendly, the coffee is always great, and I have never once left this location (or any Dutch Bros location for that matter) without feeling great. Their Dutch Bros rewards card is also amazing because you get a free coffee every now and then (something you never get with Starbucks) Dutch Bros is pretty generous when it comes to stamps too. Your first trip you get 9 stamps (10 stamps to earn a free coffee) and every Tuesday you earn 2 stamps. Its far and away better than Starbucks in every element. Better coffee. Better Staff. Better everything.
5	I love this Dutch Bros. The staff is very friendly. They really go out of their way to provide world class customer service. The menu is fun and full of good things. I highly recommend Dutch Bros.
3	All right, let's be clear. The coffee is great. The servers are friendly. Attention to detail? Not so much. Waited in a forever long line for a black coffee with nothing in it. Got up there and the girl goes "oh you're going full fat today, huh? No holds barred?" I thought she was being sarcastic but just in case, I grimaced and said "No, the opposite!" She looks back at the coffee and goes "uh, oh yeah, that's right. No, she put skim in there." I said ".....I need it black, actually." And she said "oh yeah yeah, sure, we got it." Hands me a clearly milky coffee. I'm not nitpicking - I'm lactose intolerant. Milk gives me dairyarrhea. They've given me milk in a black coffee twice here and while I love their coffee, they need to make note of these things.
4	Every time I leave Dutch Bros I am driving off with a smile on my face! The customer service is out of this world. It is unusual to have a barista stay at the window and talk to you about your day and your life, but it is part of their job to make sure you're happy. I love the good vibes they send their customers, which is definitely why I keep going back. They'll brighten your day :)
4	I was trying to find another coffee joint but I stumbled upon this one.  I pulled up and some young "bro" greeted me in the drive through and asked me what I wanted.  I told him,  a large coffee with extra cream and 3 Splendas.  He texted my order in to the people inside the shop.  I drove up to the window and was greeted by a friendly young person (Identities will not be exposed ;-) lol).  This person was super chipper.  Let me put it this way....... my brother lives up in Humboldt.  He likes to "garden" and grow different kind of "plants".   This person and my brother would be best friends.  If you have no idea what I am referring to, move along....move along.   Anyways............ I got to the window and assumed that they would have my order ready since the "bro" texted it to them.  I was greeted with, "What are you having today?"  Um...you should know this, lol.  Anyways, I repeated my order and we started getting to talking.  This person was super duper "friendly" and we shot the shit for a minute about our morning.  It came up that it was my first time here.  This person was super excited to hear that and they hooked me up with a punch card and stamped the living shit out of it!  I will get a free coffee soon!  Score!  As far as the coffee, I loved 2 things about it.  1.)  It was a perfect temperature to drink.  It was hot but not mouth scorching.  2.)  I like their cups/lids.  They have lids with like a little nipple on them which makes it super easy to drink while you are driving. The coffee itself was ok.  I prefer DD over this but I prefer this over Starbucks.  $3.00 for a large coffee isn't cheap, but for the excellent "happy" service, cool vibe of the place, and convenience factor, I am a fan.  Don't know how frequent I will be back, but it hit the spot this morning and the customer service was wonderful!
4	I do enjoy the perkiness of DBC and this new location, while not easy to navigate, is a winner here in Surprise. Great selection, tasty coffee, and fun kid drinks too! A nice addition to the environment here in Surprise.
2	Don't know what the hype is, sarcastic guy at the window, could not make a simple good tasting cappuccino probably one of the worst I've had
3	Great service,  but a little over friendly . As for the coffee?  As expected.  After seeing the slushy style  drink menu with extra large sugar packed concoctions when I drove into the drive thru, I immediately wanted to reverse out of the line but it was to late. When u pulled up I wanted to keep driving but remembered everyone tell me how good it was so I stopped. I ordered a cappuccino extra dry.  Service was nice yet the conversation was more than needed to be friendly.  Maybe I'm an A$$hole but i shouldn't have to tell you my life story to get a drink in a drive thru.  Make drink,  take money,  drive off.  As for the coffee,  it was exactly like I hoped it would not be.  Gross.  I threw it away at home.  If you actually appreciate great coffee roasted properly and made skillfully,  this is not your place (or mine).   If you drink caramel frozen whatever  or chocolate sprinkle fraps 32oz extra whipped cream,  this IS your place! I'm sure they make amazing blended flavored concoctions that please the broad audience.  Combine that with great friendly service and you get 3 stars from me. I can see the appeal.  If on the other hand you truly like high quality coffee,  skip this.  It's unfortunate as there is nowhere in Surprise that offers such leaving me stuck at Sb -  the only half way point.I tried Dutch brothers in tempe one time years ago and swore to never return.  After much hype by friends I was pressured to return.  This was the last time.
5	I come here almost daily and I have never had to have a drink remade. That plus the wonderful staff can't go wrong!
5	First time going here and was really impressed.  They have quite the system going on with two drive throughs going different directions and people running around everywhere.  The staff is super spunky and helpful.  The drinks are massive and reasonably priced.  It was a great time just getting some morning caffeine.  Nice!
5	Dutch Bros has replaced Starbucks as my coffee chain of choice. Customer service is always stellar, even at 5:30am which is when I usually go. Love all the coffees and how personable how the staff always is. Don't mind paying a little extra for the service I'm receiving. Keep up the good work, guys!
5	Super happy and friendly staff!!!! I never knew someone could ask me so many questions with out feeling interrogated!! I was so happy to share that I didn't even realize the line I was waiting in. This was an experience that I am excited to experience again.
5	Quick staff! The employee asked about my car and seemed genuinely interested in it. Very friendly and engaging so much so that we left them a tip! Keep up the good work.
5	Very friendly staff. Had an iced chi it was great. Staff asked about my day, what I had planed. Drive thru was a little tight as I have a large truck. I will defiantly be back.
5	Amazing coffee. The night crew rocks ! If you have something bad too say your probably salty because you can't afford the coffee. Go back to drinking your Starbucks haters. Lol
5	. I just had my first Dutch brothers coffee it was fantastic and delivered with a big smile which counts for a lot these days and at half the price of the other place
5	I LOVE Dutch Bros! Even more so than the coffee I LOVE the customer service. Just going puts me in a better mood. Trust me, I know... it is so hard to find good people to work for you. However they do it as a company... every single employee at this location is upbeat, kind, energetic, helpful, and on top of it! Thanks for always making my day!
