5	I'm not into these fantasy role playing war games at all, so I've always steered clear of these shops, but our son's friend has an army and so our son has developed an interest.The price of these miniatures also deters, but we agreed to buy him a few to see how he liked it, and if he'd be into the model building and painting involved.My wife dutifully took him to the Edinburgh store and he had a blast. The staff were so friendly, showing him how to paint a figure and giving him the finished miniature to keep, and taking time to explain the rules and play a game with him.We bought him a small set, and a painting kit, and he's been really enthusiastic about it, building and painting the models, and is really looking forward to going back, and to taking on his friend with his new rookie army.Some might say it's in their interest to encourage new customers, but this is obviously a shop staffed by enthusiasts who really love their work. How many stores can say that?
5	If your kids have been struck by the Warhammer bug, you'll spend a lot of time here. Yes, its pricey, yes its geeky, but its great fun and really creative. The staff are all total enthusiasts and that makes visiting the shop a joy. Go to the painting sessions on a Sunday and pick up all the hints and tips you'll ever need. (Not good with a hangover. Smelly paint and metal sounds do not mix well.) Once you've painted your army, learn how to fight with them. Oh and by the way, not just for boys.
5	Okay so Games Workshop is a chain store but as most uber nerds will know, every Games Workshop is different.If you don't know already, the Games Workshop (or GW) is a UK based retailer which sells their own line of war-gaming miniatures across several table top based games collectively known as "Warhammer". In short Warhammer is a fantasy/sci-fi battle game in which the collector buys models, constructs and paints those models, puts together armies and plays an opponent in what amounts to very complicated Chess with a lot of luck thrown in.Sound overly complex or just weird? Not if you're basically ten years old at heart. One reason for writing a review for this GW is that I believe it's a great place for getting "the hobby" started. Every GW offers starter games to people who are starting to collect or are just simply interested. I have witnessed several games here and the staff seem particularly good at teaching the rules simply and emphasising the core of the game (particularly to younger players).In general the staff are really chatty and helpful. My collecting of Warhammer has been a bit on and off over the past couple of years due to the financial burden, but the staff are always eager to catch me up on the latest news.Some GW can come across as a bit overbearing, with local players always camped there and staff protective over their little club. This GW has never seemed like that and I am always comfortable walking in and asking questions or just browsing. It's also a great location, smack back in the middle of the Royal Mile.The stock is more or less the same as in other GW, with the various major games including popular The Lord of the Rings battle game. Having said this I seem to have been especially lucky in this shop in finding what I have been looking for.A great Games Worksop with helpful staff and a friendly atmosphere. Good for those already into the hobby, those just starting out or those even remotely interested.
3	Dabbled in these games once upon a time but had neither the patience nor the geek-factor required to become a 'gamer'. Did love painting the wee models though.As far as Game Workshops go the Edinburgh outlet is pretty solid. Small compared to others around the country but the seem to have an active community that game there frequently, the staff have always been friendly and helpful and continue to be so, and the artists in house are a talented and creative bunch.Do still love a neb in the window to see the creative aspect of the hobby.Prices - as always - however are stratospheric. Very glad the hoby didn't stick...!
