4	Beautiful, intimate, gorgeous studio boutique where the ladies of Lustre spin their sexy stylings. The Lustre line is feminine, rich fabrics, flattering shapes and it's great to know you're wearing clothes so local they are made right in front of you. Custom fittings are possible. There are also beautiful accessories for sale here and you can find some sexy bits of artsy lingerie. The prices are very affordable for not-mass-produced and if you can get in there during the sale season you win!
5	I love this place! the clothes are amazing and the fits are spectacular.
1	I was really looking forward to coming to Lustre but I was sorely disappointed with the way I was treated when I came into the store.The one nice thing I will say is that they have one of a kind designs.Unfortunately I experienced the worst kind of low key racial shade that I have in a long time, and even more than I have ever experienced in the states. First off, they seem to be extremely discouraging unless you fit into the European standard of beauty. I received no help with what I picked out, while the associates seemed to be fawning over another woman's figure and how amazing and perfectly fitting the clothes looked on her. Literally two people were on doting on her, giving her advice, suggesting different clothes, etc. When I emerged from the shoddy dressing room and into the full dressing area,  it was completely silent but their judgement was deafening as the sales associates eyed me up and down. This continued as I went back and forth trying on a few pieces because the main mirror was the only flattering mirror in the establishment. A few pieces later, I emerged wearing a ugly brown body con dress and the manager, between bites her greasy salad spoke up and said, "I'm surprised, but that actually looks really, really good on you. I never thought that dress would look good on like, a colored girl but that looks really, really good on you...you should like, get it" Wow what a back handed compliment...I was seriously shocked no one has ever spoken like that to me in my 21 years of life. I was heated but even more confused, and hurt that these people didn't treat me like others in the store when I obviously showed interest in buying some items. After trying on other pieces, I decided on a few that I bought for reasons I'm not sure of. I never wear them and the quality goes way down after one wear.Also, I got no guidance on how items should fit, maybe because I'm not a size 2. I am a size 4..and sometimes considered a size 2 by American standards (haha) I witnessed other shade thrown at another sister that came in trying on a dress and I just felt for her. I could never recommend this boutique to anyone, especially with the way it is so unprofessionally run. My friend had drama with her credit card and the woman went a full 180 from being sweet, to passive aggressive and quite rude. I'd rather spend my money Axara down the street, any day.
5	I love Lustre boutique, I just can't resist going in to buy a new piece every now and then. All the clothes are hand-made, locally-made and they even offer free alterations on any piece you buy!! The staff is friendly, welcoming, and they offer so much fashion advice which is not something you would find in another boutique. High five Lustre!
5	The owner/designer Yasmine Wafsy knows how to design for women's bodies. Whether you are a waif of bountiful her clothes look great. Her designs are so fashion forward and one of a kind that I still get compliments on pieces I purchased 5 seasons ago. Everything is hand made with beautiful fabrics and great cuts. Her dresses are also super affordable. Perhaps not as affordable as mass produced dresses, but I have a mother who sews so I know that these are well priced.I first came to Lustre about 7 years ago when it first opened. I was a size 18-20 at the time and was amazed some of Yasmine's designs actually fit. There are few designers who make larger sizes, most stop at a size 12. Yasmine also always volunteered to make custom dresses for me when her stock did not fit right. Yasmine won me as a customer for life for helping me be plus size fabulous and fashion forward even when I was really big. I am still big, but  size 14 so I fit off the rack now but I keep coming back. Yasmine started out as just a neighbourhood shopkeeper but I am now proud to count her as a friend. Full disclosure, I should mention that I chose to write a review now because of my dismay after reading a review below. As a plus-size black-woman my experience was very different. Not to question the reviewer below. I am sure she is perfectly lovely and I can't say why her experience was so different. I can only assure future shoppers that Yasmine and her staff have always been exceedingly sweet and helpful with me.
