5	Paper Tiger is one of those shops that you go in for a look, and come out buying something you probably don't need. Paper Tiger has been trading in Edinburgh for over twenty five years so they are obviously doing something right. They sell a wide range of unique cards, stationery, wrapping paper, notebooks, diaries, books and gifts. The stock is all top quality, and is reasonably priced too. The cards are so much more than your cheesy Hallmark cards, perfect for that special someone. The gift wrap selection is amazing, my favourite is the map of the world design. They also have a wide selection of different notebooks. Notebooks for things you didn't even know you needed a notebook for! I bought a travel journal from here and its great, its such a pretty book and of a good quality. They have a good range of travel goods. Funny little things like little packs of travel soap and travel kits. There is also a few travel books which are quite interesting. The gift selection is full of random little knick knacks which are usually quite humorous but you will probably know someone who each gift is perfect for.Its hard to describe how nice everything they sell is, its much better to go to the shop and have a browse.  I challenge you not to buy something!
4	This shop has slightly quirkier stock that it's other branch, with a wider selection of colourful racks and other stuff that will keep your work space fun and tidy. Alas my workplace is never either of these however much stuff I get to achieve this.Anyway, Paper Tiger is ideal for some cool gift ideas (especially say for a work colleague or someone who will appreciate expensive stationary) and I do quite enjoy popping in and seeing the latest additions here. Card selection has yet to leave me disappointed and if I feel like spending on a travel journal I always head here.
4	Don't be put off by the slightly budget-looking name sign of this shop. Inside it's pretty much wall-to-wall and floor-to-ceiling with anything vaguely related to gift wrapping, stationery and gift cards that you could ever need. Almost like a version of Paperchase that doesn't take itself too seriously, yet still stocks good quality stuff.But although it's good quality, it's pretty pricey as is usually the case with specialist shops. If the person you're buying for is really into writing and would appreciate or even notice that it's good stuff. Otherwise, if it's just for a run-of-the mill birthday card you might not want to bother.
5	Paper Tiger gets me excited like Paperchase gets me excited. But I think Paper Tiger might be better. Wait, did I just honestly say that?I could probably spend a whole day in this shop, and it's not even very big! The cards here are amazing, unique, and so tasteful with lots of local artists to choose from. Without a doubt you can find the perfect card here for every person you could possibly need one for. It's just glorious.There is a wonderful selection of notebooks, coffee table books, stationary, etc. Not to mention they have tons of great gift ideas here, with something for everyone. AND amazing gift wrap, including some of the cutest wrapping paper I have ever seen.
4	I think Amy G got it right when she said that you go in for a look, and come out buying something you probably don't need. As a stationary and small gift store, Paper Tiger is really quite sweet and at the higher end of the Stationary scale. There's beautiful moleskin journals, quirky diaries, cards, a little section for new born babies, some badges and trinkets, and a collection of those 'books' that cover things like "How to be A Lady Who Lunches" or "Feel Fabulous" and the like.I am something of a stationary addict. It's no secret. I buy notebooks and then don't use them for fear of sullying their gorgeous pages with my useless drivel and scrawly handwriting. In fact, that's a point, maybe I should enrole in a caligraphy course and put some of the notebooks and journals to use... Anyway, I digress. I type prettier than I write, but I still love stationary.I popped in here and duly came out with a new, gorgeous notebook. The cover is wonderfully bright and floral, and the pages are all decorated. I spent a good 20 minutes picking up, flicking through, and putting down many different notebooks. It's that sort of place.The staff were patient with this, as I know sometimes this can make them edgy. I'd highly recommend Paper Tiger if you're in need of a new journal, notebook or perhaps a wee trinket and want it to be that bit more special (jotters for to-do and shopping lists this is not).
5	Lovely unique cards and small gifts which are so different from the normal high street offering that they always impress the receiver.
