5	Their website says it all. The rates are reasonble (it is cheaper to get a plumber in California where I now live) for all the plumbers I checked with Arizona. Ramesh was on the low end and the work was great quality.The office was courteous and Ramesh showed up on time. I would recommend Ramesh to anyone needing a reliable, resonably priced, quality plumber.
5	Contacted Allegiance based on Yelp ratings.  Was able to get an appointment quickly.  Technician called ahead of time and was early.  Very professional in appearance and addressing the issue.  Just as promised.  Even helped me review another potential issue I had in my home.  Would recommend over the "big" companies.  Trust that what they did won't create a revisit.
5	We were very happy with the service, professionalism, and quality of work they've provided.  He did a fantastic job finding the root of the issue and fixing it quickly and giving us helpful tips.  My husband is very handy guy but some jobs should be left for the professionals and we were glad to get Allegiance.  Their price were fair and affordable.  We'll definitely use them again if we need to and recommend anyone who needs a plumber.UPDATE 6/11/14:We decided to use Allegiance's services again.  We've been getting several quotes from different plumbing companies to install a loop for a water softener for awhile now but just haven't made the decision until we met Ramesh from Allegiance.  We were amazed at the quote he gave us just for the install.  It was 3 times less than what other plumbers were charging.  They also have a water softener that cost much less than the ones the other companies were trying to sell.  Justin and Ramesh installed the loop and the water softener and they did an AMAZING job.  We are extremely happy with their work.  They are very detailed on their work and it truly shows.  They clean up and put everything back to where it is.  My husband did notice they forgot to connect a minor part back that day after they finished so he was going to fix it himself.  He checked it the next day but Allegiance had already came back to fix it on their own.  How AWESOME is that?!  Our water softener is working great and we could not be happier.  If you guys need a plumber that will get the job done right and have affordable rates, call Allegiance!  You won't be disappointed.
5	Their prices are great. Quality of work great. I really appreciated Ramesh, who came out. He was down to earth and made me feel like he gave a dam and wasn't out to just take my money. Thanks so much!  When we are ready for a water softener you'll hear from us no question. They also have a shorter time frame for arrival then most which is also nice.
