5	I'm a sandwich fanatic, so I had to try Penn Station. This place has fantastic bread, which is certainly a necessity for a sub shop. It offers a nice variety of subs - even two vegetarian options, a grilled veggie and a grilled artichoke. I really enjoyed my grilled vegetarian sub and my husband enjoyed his chicken parmesan sub.All of the employees were friendly and helpful, seeming happy to be there. One of them even recommended that my husband and I share a medium order of fries instead of each of us getting a small, so that we could save money. That's not something you see often in an industry that loves to upsell.This location is too far to go for lunches, but I'll absolutely go to the one on South Boulevard.
3	Great subs and fries.  The people that work there are nice but in 5-6 trips they have screwed up my order 3 times.  I'm not talking forgot to add mushrooms, but giving me the entire wrong order.  Get a 6" steak instead of a 10" chicken or an Italian sub instead of sausage. They have made up for in most instances and that is why they get three stars, but if you go there double check your order before you leave.
4	They were very nice at this location.  They were out of plain ice tea at 9pm, but offered to make more so my mom could have her tea.  The food was delicious and just what I expect from penn station :)
5	I love the steak and cheese. The staff is very friendly and I dont spend forever waiting on my order. I also love the cleanliness.
5	The service is great here! Sonny greeted us with a genuine smile, pointed out that we could save by using a special, happily let us change sizes, brought us our food - again with a great smile, and gave us a bag for leftovers. I loves my chicken salad sub that Rob made me. My husband wished he had gotten mine, but his chicken teriyaki wasn't bad- it just wasn't a good choice for him. The fries were hot and fresh from the fryer. We love the naturally cut kind like these! Rob did a nice job cooking our food. We WANT to come back!! It is so close to our house, we probably will.
4	My friend took me to Penn Station East Coast Subs while I was in Charlotte, and I have to say I thought their subs were amazing! I had the Chicken terriyaki Sub with mushrooms, and a side of their homemade fries. I had never been to any chain restaurant that made their own fries, and to order, before! It was really impressive.I wished I could give them 5 stars, but unfortunately when I went to the register to pay for my sub, the girl who took my order failed to input it into the machine. Thankfully the manager helped get my order to the right people to make my sub, but it was still a bit irksome.If you are in Charlotte and looking for some good fries and a sub, this is the place to go!
5	I went to Penn Station for the first time Yesterday. I frequent this shopping mall a lot, but somehow this sub shop has manage to stay hidden from me (until yesterday). I must say the staff was very friendly and welcoming. I ordered the philly Cheesesteak with everything except the pizza sauce. It was amazing, and their bread is awesome! The fries was just as good, freshly cut and hot out the fryer. I will definitely return.
4	Great service, great sub. I went with the classic Philly Cheesesteak, though I did let them put mustard and mayo and some other veggies on it as well. Very tasty, very messy. Not bad for $10 for the larger sized sandwich (no fries or drink for me).About two hours later, the carb drain hit me and I was out for a nap. So if you do choose to have a big sandwich, be prepared. :-)
