5	We were new to the area and needed to find a vet for your dogs.  This hospital is very close to our house.  After one visit we knew Seville Vet was the place.  The staff is very friendly. We love Dr. Bronz and so do both of our dogs.
5	An amazing practice with an amazing staff! Dr. Jill Bronz is so friendly and you can tell she really loves what she does. I only wish we had found this place sooner!
4	The whole staff was super friendly. They took great care of my dog who had had an allergic reaction to something. The receptionist was so kind to advise me to print out the coupon from the website for 50% off first visit. The Dr. Was so knowledgable and thorough in explaining my dog's treatment and answered all questions. I think we found our new vet.
5	Our 3-year-old pug mix recently had a large molar fall out unexpectedly. After first going to a different vet (who briefly glanced at our dog's mouth and said "Oh it's a breed thing. We'll clean his teeth and he'll be fine"), I took him to Seville Vet Hospital for a second opinion. Dr. Bronze took several looks at different areas of his mouth and gave me a thorough explanation as to why his tooth fell out. It turns out that he had periodontal disease (which is common in pugs) that had caused some abscesses and inflammation. I appreciated the time that she took to discuss the issue with me, and I did not feel rushed at all. I have never been to a vet (or a doctor for that matter) who really took the time to make sure I had a good understanding of what the issue was. Our dog had a dental cleaning and some extractions, and I felt very comfortable with Seville performing the procedures. His teeth and breath are 100% better. I also did not get the impression that they would try to upsell unnecessary dentals - Dr. Bronze even stated that as long as we give our dog the proper dental care, he will likely not need a dental cleaning for quite a while.
5	This was our third vet for our Olde English Bulldogge puppy. They were incredibly responsive, helpful, friendly, and most importantly, knowledgable about our breed.  The cost was a little less than the other clinics as well.  As far as pushing products (as mentioned in another review): like all vet clinics, they seemed to be aligned with certain brands, but told us our brands were great and to keep using them.  Our dog's dental health is fine, so they said to keep doing what we're doing... Absolutely no hard sales.  They'll be our vets for life.
5	Seville Veterinary Hospital is a quality, caring business. Two out of three of my dogs have now been there. The staff is efficient and knowledgeable and understand that most people's pets are like family members. They offer numerous services for all pet related needs but do not push them unnecessarily.
5	I've never had a puppy before;  never been to a vet's office and was a bit apprehensive about the whole process. Dr. Alani Selland is absolutely awesome and put me and my puppy at ease.  She took the time to explain all my fur baby needs and was very helpful regarding pricing options.  I have found a winner!
