5	I love this place... I've had 2 sinus surgeries, and horrible asthma, and I can breath again!!!!! THANK YOU!!
2	We purchased a package of three visits from Groupon. My husband has some respiratory issues and we thought we'd like to try this. I called and left a message to book our session, A few hours later I sent an email, I called a second number listed a little later and reached someone. We booked for that day. We arrived at a medical clinic that didn't have a sign outside for the Salt, When we went in we were directed through a door into some offices where we met with (I guess) the owner. He instructed us on how to breath in the room. Then we were led to the salt rooms. These are spaces with chairs. The floor walls and ceilings are covered with a deep layer of salt. You relax clothed in this room where a salt mixture is pumped in and music plays. Lights softly changed colors. I relaxed and fell asleep or so my husband told me. $% minutes later and the treatment was over. The information said that 10 or more treatments are required to improve conditions. I had a pleasant enough experience but doubt I will go back 10 times. Very interesting. Among other treatments available we were given a brochure on leech therapy.
5	2014 Salt Chalet Arizona Review - Fresh 2014 Review of Salt Chalet Arizona -Halotherapy! I'm a new fan. Seriously, two-too many yelp complainers regarding this awesome establishment. Do the folks in Scottsdale even realize how fortunate they are to have a halotherapy location so close to them? The nearest halotherapy establishment nearest this one is in Tucson. Such ridiculous complaints from D.H and jospehine L. Pay no mind and take in a fresh 2014 review.Although I live 40mins away, I decided to patronize The Salt Chalet Arizona in order to cleanse my lungs from a seven-year work history in a hospital that dealt with asbestos clean-up, as well as a chronic sinus condition (congestion). Just general detox really since I'm thankfully otherwise healthy. The establishment is VERY EASY to find using my outdated iPhone Maps feature. The sign in front is CLEARLY marked and parking is a breeze. Mr. Pavel Gershkovich's office sits at the end of a short corridor, within a larger existing DO office. He is friendly and genuine and reviews medical issues prior to the start of the session. His office is very clean, as are the treatment rooms. He provides new booties to wear while in the room in order to maintain cleanliness. There's also a cubby for your shoes, purses, etc. I brought books to read but realized how much more beneficial the session would be if I just RELAXED and concentrated on my '20/20' breathing, as well as the light therapy.I arrived frazzled and stressed (story of my life). He picked up on this immediately and questioned me about it. He really put me at ease with his gentle nature and concern. The level of genuine care he displayed during the first 5min of our meeting really blew me away! What a wonderfully empathic practitioner, I thought. I could not wait to yelp about him, I recall thinking. After a short explanation on how to maximize my breathing during the session (20/20), I was led into a small room covered from floor to ceiling in snow-white Dead Sea Therapeutic Salt. There are 5 comfy loungers in the room and the floor is covered inches deep in loose Dead Sea Salt. My favorite part? The light therapy. Mr. Gershkovich encouraged me to not close my eyes during the session as to benefit from the multi-spectrum LED lights that illuminate the room during the session. They really worked! The entire session was so extremely relaxing that after about 15min, I had a hard time NOT falling asleep. The salted air was WONDERFUL and the level of salt in the air always felt constant! Periodically (and often) more salted-air was piped into the room. I never felt any stinging or discomfort in any way. I could feel the therapeutic air enter my lungs which each purposeful breath and the 45min session left me with salty lips and a fine dew of salt on my clothing and exposed belongings. Loved that! That's how I knew it was the REAL DEAL, no BS here. I was literally taking way deeper breaths in (inhalations) during the last 25min of the session. My lungs opened up, increasing my ability to inhale more air! Crazy, right?I booked another session for the following week. I left feeling so relaxed and happy, I was worried about driving home. Obviously, I made it. :)HIGHLY recommend! A truly wonderful experience from start to finish.
5	Salt Chalet Arizona has changed my life in a matter of under 24 hours. I'm in absolute shock and filled with joy to what this facility has done in a matter of a few hours verses years and years of suffering and going from one dermatologists to another.  Spending endless amounts of money on medications that wouldn't give me results even in a month compared to this. I have been suffering with eczema for many years. It gets so bad sometimes that not only does it feel like my skin is on fire but it actually starts cracking and splitting my skin resulting in minor bleeding and humiliation of the appearance. I lived my life never believing in any type of heeling unless it was pharmaceutically related till I reached a point of desperation and a friend convinced me to go see Pavel who is the director of Salt Chalet in Scottsdale Arizona. Pavel is truly an extraordinary and knowledgable person who not only made me feel at ease but actually turned my tears and sadness into smiles and laughter. He explained to me the causes of my condition and how he will go about making sure I never will shed another tear from the pain and embarrassment ever again. He sat me in a salt room designed as a cave. I came in originally for treatment on my skin and resulted in getting 3 treatments all in one. The salt room not only cleared up my sinuses and helped drain my stuffy nose but the environment relaxed me and calmed my nerves within a matter of minutes!!! After a 45 minute session I purchased a bag of Himalayan pink salt, a mineral mud mask and a Dead Sea body butter cream. He gave me specific instructions to continue the treatment that night at home. I took an hour bath with a cup of the salt in my bath water. Afterwards, applied the mud mask to my infected areas (my hands being the absolute worst area). Followed by the body butter. Within 3 hours I saw dramatic results. By the next morning not only did I not feel any pain but my skin looked like a babies compared to the scaly cracked blisters.. I can't believe how quickly the results showed.. I just hung up the phone with Pavel and declared my gratitude and booked my next appointment..
