4	I have been to the Evening Muse for different occasions and have found that I enjoy their Monday night Open Mic Night.  These sessions are typically graced by some very talented (undiscovered) individuals.  The venue itself is cool looking, but small.  This makes regular sets pretty cramped for space in the audience.  Cover charges are typically reasonably priced, with Open Mic being $3.  I would certainly recommend for others to check it out.
4	I came here for open mic night and the musicians (except a few) were great.  There were full bands and soloists mostly playing acoustic guitar and singing.  There is a cute little DJ booth elevated above the crowd in the corner of the bar.  I felt like some of the heads here should have tipped better, because the bartender was a real sweetheart.  It is an intimate setting and I thought the abstract art really added to the atmosphere.  I will be back again, again, and again.
3	The Evening Muse is a great little listening room. It can get cramped sometimes, but the intimate setting is also what makes the place special. It's generally pretty affordable to get in for a show ($8 or $10) so if you're without something to do, I'd head over to Evening Muse and stand outside for a minute. You'll be able to hear the musician or band. If you like what you hear, pay the cover and head on in.
4	There's an event nearly every night at the Evening Muse. When I first moved to Charlotte, I was so glad to find this little corner of the city. I enjoy live poetry, so I went to a few "Find Your Muse" open mic nights at the Muse, and they've all been wonderful. It's rare that they have poets at the open mic, but I keep coming back anyway. It's only $3 to get in, so it's also a great way to get out for the night and do something a little different when you're broke. And aren't we all broke these days?It's definitely the best place to hear local music in Charlotte, at least in my humble opinion.
4	I really love this place. Very small and always intimate with the musician. The best nights are when they line up two or more regional (unknown) acts for negligible covers. These are usually young, optimistic, and energetic performers who play their hearts out for a taste of acclaim and exposure. But they get some well known names too, and although it becomes a sardine can, it;s always a pleasur eto get them up close.The Muse has the friendliest bar in the city. Pleasant, efficent, and unpretentious. Lots of beer choices too. NoDa may be losing its charm, but the Muse stays true to their charter. Check it out.
4	I went on Monday to see a friend play, and they had open mic beforehand.  It was a decent array of music, and it seemed to be a hipster style crowd.  Cover was $3 but it was hard to find a seat.  As time went on though, the crowd thinned out and I was able to get a seat.They have a good collection of bottled beers and a decent set of draft beer.  I'd probably go back to check out the music.  The staff was very friendly and I heard if you have a stamp you can get 10% off at a nearby restaurant/bar but I don't remember the name of it.
5	A night at the Evening Muse is enjoyable, affordable and a little different from the norm. Most nights the Muse features live music but mixes it up with spoken-word, comedy, etc. Over 75 different artists perform each month at the Muse (and that's not even counting open mic participants - crazy, but true!). There are links on the web calendar so you can check out audio from each artist and see if it's something you might be into. You can enjoy local talent plus a weekly featured artist or two on Monday nights at the Find Your Muse Open Mic ($3 cover) and the first Wednesday Tosco House Party ($2 cover). First Friday Gallery Crawl features a diverse array of touring talent along with the occasional local artist. There's a new act on stage every hour, on the hour - and it's FREE. Gallery Crawl in NoDa is a great way to spend an evening and a fun way to entertain friends visiting from out of town.
4	Good listening room for live, primarily acoustic music. Sound is good and so is the beer selection. Get there early and check out one of the many restaurants within a 2 block radius.
3	i agree w/most of what the past posts say about this venue, the only big problem i have with it is; if you go there in the summer (or anytime when its the least bit warm or hot outside) the place has almost no A/C to speak of and you'll sweat your a-s off there...and to make it worse they don't even have decent fans to move the warm air around...c'mon guys, you've been in this building for probably a decade now, you can't afford to put in a decent air system????...or if you have a landlord make them put one in?....give your patrons a break, going out to your place for a nice cold one that gets warm in about 5 mins, while you sit & stew in your sweat isn't ther way to enjoy a weekend nite!!!!!!!!!!!!
4	Awesome music venue, probably one of my favorites in Charlotte. The artists that perform are usually very good. The place is at times, very cramped and you'll be packed in tight on weekend shows, but its worth it. Limited seating and very loud acoustics should also be expected, probably not somewhere to take the younger crowd, but it rocks.
4	seems to be a great little venue.  Large selection of beer, could use a few more bathroom stalls, but can't really knock that.  sound is good, acts are fresh, enjoy that that they bring in local's to open.  would love if i could get a slice of pizza or something to nosh on before the show starts.  but those are all minor complaints.  will be back soon, wish more people in charlotte saw live music.
5	The spot: street corner.  The feel: grimy. The acoustics: lovely.  The result: perfect.  No better way to spend $5-10 on a weeknight.  Go hug a singer.A great place fostering a great scene at the right size and the right pace.  The only suggestion I could have for the Muse would be to get a side space, for artist meet-and-greet to happen in a less loud environment...so a coffee shop next-door would be the coolest combo I could imagine!
4	Nifty!  Yep, I called it nifty.  Located in the heart of NODA, this little gem is home to the best local and regional indie music.  All of the hipness, none of the pretense.  Its small, so you never feel overwhelmed and the staff aren't pushy like the uptown bars.  By the end of the night, you will converse with random strangers and likely meet the band members as they are leaving. The best thing about this place, other than the ambiance, is their ability to attract quality Indie rock acts.  You won't find hard rock, rarely hip hop, and none of that crap they play at Verizon Wireless.  The music is original, many starving artists and bands about to drop an album on Itunes.  The cover is rarely more than $8 and there are several bands playing a night.  People hate on Charlotte for not having the live music scene like Chapel Hill, Athens, or Knoxville, but the Evening Muse if proof that the Queen City is not without hope.
3	An oddly shaped space with surprisingly good acoustics and decent tap beer prices, if a somewhat bland selection. Seating, when they have it, is chairs crammed so close together you'll be sitting in your nabe's lap. A dollar for tap water (with ice, at least). Seems they've fixed the AC issues. Interesting that it supports so many scenes - with two shows a night, you could see gospel-y bluegrass and "indie rock" in a 3 hour block (they'll want cover twice). Door can climb to steep-land for bigger acts, but it might be worth it to see them in such intimate environs.
5	The Evening Muse is one of the best live music venues I have been to in the Carolinas.  I guess technically you would call it a small venue, but it is more of a micro venue in reality.  The seating is tight and the stage is immediately in front of the audience.  I mean arm's length in from the audience.   It has that backroom off the beaten path feel that you don't get at Live Nation venues.  I have been there upwards of 25 times of the past 10 years and the sound has almost always been perfect.  The Muse is best for singer songwriter type shows, but they do host rock bands and music of the louder variety also.  Personally I think there are better venues in Charlotte for rock music, but why complain?  Two of my favorite shows I have seen there were Vic Chesnutt on one of the occasions he made it to Charlotte before his untimely passing and Chris Smithers on two of his visits.  Both were exceptional artists to see in such a small venue and their performances were great and as stated previously the sound was perfect.  Normally the artists are regional or smaller national touring acts, but at least once a month there is an act that surprises me.  Chuck Prophet was there recently and Marshall Crenshaw is coming up in September 2010 to give you an idea of some of the more well-known artists that might be booked.  There are a few things that need to be mentioned.  The venue is really small and for sold out shows it gets quite crowded.  It is worth it to see music in such an intimate venue, but for those who might be inclined to claustrophobia it might present a challenge.  Often there are seats available, but when the shows start it is usually very quiet and is not conducive to moving around a lot so if you are smoker who needs to head for the door a lot an aisle seat might be best.  There is a bar with a number of beer and wine selections, but the bar itself is not very large and this is not what I would consider a music venue that is conducive to partying like the Visulite or Neighborhood Theater.  Overall I would say for music lovers in Charlotte this venue is a gem.  There are few places where you can see a concert in such an intimate setting, with great sound for prices that are normally below 30 dollars even for bigger name acts.  In general most shows run from 5 to 15 dollars.
4	The Evening Muse is a great place to hang out, have some beers, and listen to some awesome live music.  The bar and seating area are really small with the potential to get overly crowded when there's a popular band playing.  I don't mind that it's small, I see it as a good opportunity to meet some new interesting people.  The atmosphere is very low key.  You don't have to worry about getting dressed up, just throw on a t-shirt and jeans and you'll fit right in.  The drink selection is not the largest and the prices are about average.  The best part of this place are the bands they bring in.  We've only been a few times and the genre of music we've heard each time is about the same, kind of folk rock-ish.  The hubby and I have liked Griffin House for quite a while and we were astonished when he came to the Evening Muse.  We couldn't believe that this singer we've been following ended up in such a small venue where we could go chat with him when he was done playing.  Amazing!  Not too long ago we decided to check out a band we'd never heard of, Now You See Them, and now they are a new favorite!  We will definitely keep coming back for more.
5	Holy crap, I'm obsessed with this place. SUCH a great vibe, always great acoustic music, and located in the heart of the best neighborhood in Charlotte.
4	I love the Evening Muse! Monday nights are great. Its open mic night with local and national talent for $3!! Can't get any better and the bar is full service with friendly staff. The acoustics are great. I have to admit its a small venue but great overall.
4	I love this little bar / music venue.  It is a great place to see a really personal show from many up and coming musicians.  The female bartender always does a great job.If you have not seen a show here - go as soon as you can.Don't overlook the artwork for sale on the walls either...
4	Been wanting to check this place out since I moved to Charlotte , and it won me over . Has a bohemian quality to it - something rare in this city.The owner is also the house engineer. It's as close to a Greenwich Village vibe as you can get here. Location is easy to get to. Jack Kerouac would be proud. This is the place to come to for actually LISTENING to the music. Was there recently for tosco house party (i.e.-open mic) on  a wednesday night. The place was packed. Followed by Peter Case. It was probably the most intimate show I've ever been to, The bartenders were very friendly. I plan on becoming a regular here.
1	This has to be one of the snottiest, most pretentious places I have ever been.  I was in town visiting and me and a friend showed up to play the open mic.  Instead of just being polite and sayin, "Sorry, we're full" the lady behind the counter was rude and completely uninviting.  She wouldn't even let us come in and listen and have a beer or two.  I know it's a nice room and all but why would anyone want to give a place like this patronage?  FIVE THUMBS DOWN for this hole in the wall.  I'd rather go play a friends living room than play this place.
4	I love this small, intimate venue for concerts. The sound is really good & I love being so close to the performers. Word of caution, get there early if you want a good seat / standing spot.I haven't used any of the bar services, so I can't comment on those.
4	Bounced in after seeing a show at the neighborhood theater.  We didn't have high expectations but were completely impressed by the band, kid squall.  They were awesome!  Two bass players, a drum set, and all the voice box you can handle!Aside from the the handful of band fans we were the only ones in the tiny joint.  Which just meant more dance floor for me.  The venue had a great sound and the bar staff was friendly and helpful.  I plan on making this a regular stop when I'm hanging in NoDa.
4	i cannot honestly believe that it took me this long to review the Muse.  it is the quintessential small Charlotte venue located in NoDa.  with the majority of the staff being musicians themselves, they know what it takes to get the sound just right for the acts and the venue.this can be quite a task, because they host all sorts of music and crowds.  it is definitely a destination for the up and coming singer/songwriter set that meanders through charlotte on their leg of whatever "tour" brought their van here.most every area band of note has played here, whether it be a ruckus friday or saturday night gig or a stripped down set like Creative Loafing's Jeff Hahne throws down every third wednesday.seating also varies depending on the act.  i have been there for standing room only for the truckstop preachers and fully seated for max capacity when will hoge started his comeback after being hit by a truck.  they have a decent selection of craft and macro brews that are always cold and the johnny bootlegger is there if you are adventurous.  vittles is limited to rice krispies treats, but you would be surprised how often that hits the spot.
4	The Evening Muse offers a trifecta of goodness: Great acoustics, friendly staff and solid shows! In the heart of NoDa, the Muse is a staple when it comes to live music. The bar offers wallet-friendly pours with many a local beer. The shows are similarly well-priced and you can pretty much bank of any type of artist a from DJs to punk rock to a solo banjo player. Seating can vary, but most folks who come here seem to be happy to help you pull up a chair or two. If you're a fan of live music in a comfortable venue, make time to get over to The Evening Muse!
4	I love The Evening Muse. Such an intimate venue in the heart of NoDa. Great place to catch a duo on tour or head over on Mondays for open mic. Seen many a show here and have never been disappointed. You can't go wrong with the bar either. A few local options and all come in venue-friendly bottles. Beware: there is a tab limit if you're using a card. I think its $6, unless it has changed recently. It's a great place to stop in and take a load off. Listen to the local talent and take in the arts district. There are typically seats put out for all but its even better when it's standing room only. You can pack a surprisingly large group of people in this little place. You can buy tickets ahead of time on their website, too. Don't always have to pay at the door. You can't go wrong with The Evening Muse. What a great place for music, poetry and general assembly of beer-craving locals!
5	An independently owned and operated local music venue!Support your local music scene!!Went here for the first time to see James Lastra perform his first professional gig.This is a great venue for local artist to perform. It seats about 80 and they have enough room for about 40 additional SRO.Most of the staff are performers themselves so they are ready to assist with your equipment set up.The acoustics are great, the atmosphere has a very funky vibe to it.They have a full service bar as well.
5	I would award this venue 6 stars, if possible.I fell in love with The Evening Muse the first time that I stepped through its doors.  The venue feels less like a bar and more like an authentic music garage.  No fuss= my style. Although I do not live in Charlotte, my boyfriend and I have made this our regular spot every time I come into town for visits.  Beyond the cool, eclectic vibe and intimate setting, TEM has amazing drink specials and attracts some increeeedible talent.  The last time that we visited The Evening Muse, there were $3 IPA bottles on special and a musical performance that had me in tears.As if that wasn't enough, the owner is awesome and accomodating.  On top of the devoted regulars that post up near the bar, the crowd contains a mix of all ages and styles, adding to the unique feel.  If you're in the Charlotte area, I definitely recommend paying this NODA gem a visit.
1	Bad neighborhood. Crime.  Difficult to park. No fire exit!!!!!!!
4	Nice small venue which I like because you have a personal experience with the music and the artist.   If you think it might be crowded it probably will and I suggest you get there early if you want to sit.   there is room for about thirty or so to stand in the back, you can still see but you might  grow tired and feel a tad claustrophobic .  They have a variety of beers about seating for twelve at the bar, with very good prices!   Some cool restaurants within walking distance, so I suggest go early eat, then early to the muse to get seating and a beer.   Then enjoy the show of your choice.
4	What a great place to catch an intimate show in NoDa. Was fortunate enough to hear the Jesse Thomas band a couple weeks ago at the Muse. This venue is small but has great sound, a good selection of beers and gives you that up close and personal feel that is often lacking at other venues. Parking is never that easy but if you see a show during the week it's not so bad. I'm looking forward to seeing another band here soon.
5	I am a big fan of live music and have heard it played in many venues. But, the Evening Muse is my favorite venue anywhere for a pure music experience. The owner, Joe, is also the sound man and he is a perfectionist. The setting is intimate but transitions well from solo acoustic to more hard rocking grooves. They book bands and people who you have heard of and who you have not heard of, but regardless, it will be good. I like to go see someone I have not heard of and usually I walk away a fan. I remember one time I thought Don Dixon was playing and I went but it turns out it was the next night. Instead, it was Sally Jaye, a singer songwriter based in L.A. She was great and I left with her CD which bears repeated listening.
5	The room is intimate and the sound is excellent on all levels.  I've seen bands rock the place to a standing room only crowd and singer-songwriters hold the room in the palm of their hands as they played.  Many a band on their way up have played this room (The Civil Wars, Justin Townes Earle), and many nationally known artists love to stop here for a small hall show, too (notables include Sean Lennon & Ben Bridwell (Band of Horses).  You can find many, many more great acts on their way up on any given night.  The Monday Find Your Muse Open Mic featured performer slot is already filled months ahead of time, and there have also been a few celebrities occasionally spotted in the audience!  Also worth mentioning, they have a a very good beer selection, with local brews on regular rotation.
4	I'm giving it 4 stars. This is because I'm trying to judge this place objectively. It is nice. It is very small. It is decent. It looks like the type of place someone from a rom-com would go to on a first date. It is lovely in a lot of ways. I always hear people talk highly of it.I'm not super into the singer/song writer thing. Maybe if I were more into that then I would appreciate it more.It just is so....stuffy to me. I feel guilty for laughing in there. I have a loud cackle that I cannot control when someone makes an especially good joke. I have to really try not to laugh when inside The Evening Muse (WHICH MAKES ME WANT TO REALLY LAUGH)I think this is probably a really great place for a lot of people. I just don't get it. It is me- not them. I have heard that they are involved in the community and that is great.So, yay, take a date here. Just be prepared to sit and not dance.
4	I came here for a show one night to see Noah Gundersen. The show was amazing but I was really in love with the space. The brick wall behind the stage I loved. It's small and intimate which makes for a great show. The prices on the drinks I also found to be very reasonable. I will be looking at shows here in the future.
