5	Wow, I love this place!  Westworld is amazing.  It's an outdoor horse arena, with about 10 show rings for horses.  They host mostly horse events, but there are occasional dog shows, the barrett jackson car auction, and a few other random shows as well.  They also have a polo field where the scottsdale polo team practices regularly.  You can watch them play and practice for free as well!Most of the events are free, and parking is always available.  Rarely do I ever have to pay an entrance or  parking fee.  This is a great place for anyone to go to..families, kids, dates, etc.  Theres also stuff going on pretty much every single weekend, so you can almost always count on something happening there.  Its located off Frank Lloyd Wright Blvd and the Loop 101.
5	Gorgeous mountain backdrop and place for the best horse shows,dog shows and art events in the West, it just does not getbetter than this, year round this place has a beauty not foundanywhere else and the weather usually cooperates...A must visit !
4	WOW!  I am amazed how big this place and it was a great for the Petsmart Festival event for 2011.  My dog and I had a great time.  It was nice that they allowed pets any size.  I have a problem taking my dogs since they are 65, 75, and 85lbs.  =)
3	It was cool to see the cars and experience the auction, but if you are going there to just watch the auction, stay home! You can't see any of the cars that are on stage because of the crazy amount of people standing in front and on the stage. If your going to bid, then go! Be on the lookout, celebrity buyers are everywhere!
4	I've been here twice for the pet show indoors in December.  It certainly is spacious...there is more than enough room for the event.  If the weather is bad, the place isn't weatherproof, so it can get chilly.  I don't know how it is during the hot season.  It's easy to maneuver inside; outside, there is plenty of parking and easy entry and exit.  The restrooms are only outside, but seemed to have plenty capacity and relatively clean.  The food vendors were also only outside, and had not that many items, but enough things for both omnivores and vegetarians alike.
4	I had no idea Westworld was so big! I visited Westworld for the first time today to attend Barrett Jackson and really enjoyed the atmosphere. Everything is organized, clean and executed nicely. The venue space is very large and can easily hold 30,000. It was seamless to get into the venue and very easily to get a cab on the way out.
3	The facilities at WestWorld are nice, but the parking lot attendants/security guys were complete ***holes during the Barrett Jackson.
2	One of my favorite places because they host so many events that I enjoy.Barrett Jackson Auto AuctionArabian Horse ShowParada Del Sol RodeoGood Guys Car ShowHowever, it's not an ideal place for large events.  The parking is atrocious.  Anybody who's made the trek to one of these events knows what I'm talking about.  The lots are dusty, dirt lots and oftentimes there's no organization in the lots....you're left to fend for yourself where to park.  Plus the walk to/from the parking lots is far.Also, traffic flow is awful.  You have to dodge cars between ropes with flags that delineate the lanes of traffic and pedestrian walkways....not really safe.The bathroom situation here is really bad too.  There are too few permanent restroom facilities.  Certainly not enough to accommodate the huge events they host here.  The restrooms are like the public park restrooms you see around town....small, concrete structures with a handful of stalls.  Instead, you have to use port-a-potty's....which are nasty.Overall, there are some great events here and in my opinion, the city should put some money into making this a top notch facility for attendees of these events.  However, I just read an article in AZ Central that said Westworld will lose $3 mil in 2014, so I'm not sure any of this is possible.http://www.azcentral.com/community/scottsdale/articles/20130125audit-westworld-faces-million-deficit.htmlReturn Factor - 100% (because I enjoy the events that much)
3	Dropped in for bike week. I think it was a bit pricy to get in just to walk around and see vendors & buy stuff. But I guess they really need to rake in a crap load of $$$ to compete with the oil companies
3	Had not been in about 20 plus years but visited last night for the Bull Riding event. The venue is nice enough.The other Yelpers have described the varied buildings to include at least three.( at least three that we could see there might be more)  One is an outside arena for horse/animal events, another is a staged concert tent, and they have an enclosed arena seating stadium for indoor events. I was very grateful for the tickets and the staff were all very nice and helpful. The event was fun but I must point out that the parking is horrific here. I am not sure I understand why they close off the parking lot closer to the event buildings and make you park about a mile away. ( and pay parking fees for the inconvenience) The event was not even that crowded. I was with a handicapped person and there was no way to park closer. I felt bad for my friend. I knew she was struggling even though she was not complaining. It took us 20 minutes or so to get into the event we had to walk so slow. I would not suggest you go here if you are not in good enough shape to walk a very long and dark at night way to your event.Someone else on here suggested a cab. That might be a better option but I am still not sure how close one can get to the front gates even then.Note to self and others, I would go back but only with my youngster or non handicap friends. ( and not if I have any friends who plan on drinking)
4	A great venue for activities year round. I wish the Mcdowell Mountain Music Festival was still here.
3	I visited Westworld of Scottsdale for their 4th of July event last week.  I must say that this place is pretty big and can accommodate a good number of people.  The catering was ok, but it lacked some good tasting food/dessert.  What I didn't like about the place was that the main building smelled like horse urine.  I understand they probably hold a lot of rodeo events, but they could have cleaned that up a little better for this event.  I didn't even want to hang out inside the building for that reason.  I also wasn't a fan of the swamp coolers that they had cooling the big building.  It was a little muggy during the hottest part of the day.  I can see why they don't host the Bird's Nest there anymore.
1	Ok West World get your parking game together! We went to west world for the great american nightmare haunted house and Rob Zombie concert - this place is not equipped to handle large concert traffic!I am familiar with this venue because when i was younger i use to direct parking there myself! Back then they did not close off the streets to direct you to one single line that goes around in an unnecessary circle!?! We missed half the concert because of this parking nightmare!!! No we were not late we got into this parking line @715 doors were @7 and concert started @8 pm!!! More than enough time for any other concert venue. No one should wait to park for an event for over an hr - thats sick and wrong!!!! West world is not an appropriate concert venue - it is not equipped to handle the influx of people. I feel sorry for the people that missed the concert because of this- im pissed we missed half - cant imagine missing it all. This should have been called - The Great American parking Nightmare!!!!West world should stick to car and horse shows. EPIC FAIL.
5	Beautiful facility.  CEP horse shows are well run and organized. Equidome is great. They have several arenas with one indoor and two additional covered. Barns are clean.
