5	I've shopped at this store for seven years.It will have the sexiest clothes known to mankind in it.Herve Leger dresses are known as girdle 'bandage' material in case you haven't heard and it's fierce.I Do have about thirty or so, my fettish....Ask only for Nina, the perfect fitter for any novice. She  can make you a perfect ten.
5	Fantastic selection, mostly of the well-known "bandage" dresses, but also some knockout skirts, wraps, evening gowns, and bags.  The bandage dresses were surprisingly comfortable and easy to wear (despite being an early 30s mom!).  The salesladies (Ruby and another) were incredibly helpful.  There was an entire room of dresses 60% off, and I found the most gorgeous dress which is sure to be a classic.  They called up the tailor and had it altered for me within 45 minutes.  Fantastic.
4	Talk about dresses made of spanx!Went into the store to look for bachelorette party dresses cuz let's face it...nothing says bachelorette like a skin tight/body huggin' dress that flatters your curves. And these dresses do nothing but, flatter your curves. There is no hiding anything in them!I'm pretty skinny and even then, the dresses were like a boa constrictor and just sucked every breathe outta me. BUT, DAYUM I LOOKED EFFING GOOD! Beauty is pain, so they say.....Prices are pricey...Obviously...it's Herve Leger!
5	The staff was very friendly & attentive. The store was very neat & the dresses were amazing! Just wanted to thank the woman who helped me pick out my dress I'm wearing in my main pic =) XO
4	on my list of things to do in vegas was hit up HL. i was pleasantly surprised to find it in the miracle mile mall. i think it was the most expensive store in there (i also spotted one inside the venetian next to bcbg).this store is small but well-stocked. they have an entire room devoted to sale items. the SAs were super friendly and helpful. and they seemed genuine. the dressing room has no mirror (one reason i am deducting a star). you have to come out to have the SA zip it up and give you heels if you don't have any. i wish they would have had a better mirror so i could have checked out what the dress looked like from the back and sides. i suppose this may be intentional as HL dresses hide no flaws!!!the SAs bring you lots of suggestions. in fact, one SA brought me this fab dress i never would have picked out because it was chartreuse. if it weren't for her, i wouldn't have snagged it on sale! (orig 1540 reduced to 940 with tax). what a deal...LOL. i am sure i bought it impulsively and there are no returns for sale items. i am addicted to HL dresses! i have collected three within two months. so ladies, be careful! once you buy one you will want more! i am happy with them because i know i always look amazing in it ;) so will you...!PS: if you feel it is so tight you cannot zip it or move, it is okay because i promise it'll stretch a bit! get the smaller size.
5	Best boutique, by far. The one in bh isn't as pleasant as this. My sa was very sweet and she was filipino too. There are plenty of dresses here--from newer styles to the past seasons. The accessories were also very current and quantitive. Also this store finally wasn't filled with touristy gawkers, but the surrounding stores can be a little yuck.
5	I love this store.  It's on my must-visit list when I go to Vegas.Every girl needs a Herve Leger Bandage dress.  But, like the other reviewers say, they are addicting!!  And it's a very expensive habit.That said, this is the only store worth shopping at.  Their back room is essentially their "clearance center."  It's the only store with the constant sales (although other stores will have seasonal sales.)   I wouldn't ever buy a HL dress full price (I can't justify a mortage payment for a dress!), but if you can get a good sale, go for it!!!This store is definitely worth your time and money.
1	$5k for a dress that doesn't make me look like a million bucks...no thank you.
5	What can I say? I'm a sucker for the Herve Leger bandage style dresses. I didn't pack a  birthday worthy dress for the night so we went to the Miracle Mile mall. Shopped around but I knew I would end up buying a dress from Herve Leger. I already own dresses by the designer so I'm familiar and knew exactly what I was looking for. The saleswoman was extremely fun and helpful. She stocked my room with beautiful dresses in different colors and styles. The thing that I LOVE most about this Herve Leger besides the huge selection is that they have dresses on SALE! I get all my Herve Legers on Rodeo in Beverly Hills and they don't have a sales section. The sale section itself has some of the best dresses.. With 40-60% off a 5k dress it was turning out to be a pretty sweet birthday. I ended up getting a sexy red dress 60% off! I am for sure going to go back to this store next time I'm in Vegas. Looks like the Herve Leger habit isn't going anywhere!
5	I'm here at least once or twice a month.  This place is my go to spot to find stunning dresses to complement my physique.  Lovely staff and great place to shop.
5	All I have to say is that the Herve Leger staff is hand down amazing! You don't feel rushed or pressured when you are here and they make sure you find the best dress to make you feel 100% sexy! I was here with my mom and I think she had a mini heart attack looking at the prices but they are having a SALE. A lot of the dresses are 60% off and omg I just died. These dresses aren't your typical Bebe dresses who want to be a bandage dress...oh noo noo noo Herve Leger is where you go. These dresses will accentuate your curves and suck in every fat cell you have. Seriously...you will look amazing in them. Sure sure so a dress might be $1200 but when you put it on you and everyone will know the kind of quality that dress has. The material is so thick and gah it's just amazing. As you can tell I'm just gushing!Caleb the manager here is HILARIOUS! I definitely will go back to the shop just to say hi the next time I'm in Vegas.
