5	This place is pretty awesome for a desert region in Arizona. I came to Glendale to visit a friend from college and he took me to this huge outdoor strip mall. It's friggin hot and dry to no end around phoenix, so i thought it was pretty cool that each store had a water mister above the entrance of the shops. They also had these pitched shade tents that spray water and has a fan going from above, along with a little kiddie water play area where families brought their little kids to run and splash around, it was pretty cute :) There's an AMC theater here, and its huge, along with all the major dept stores. They had a shop called dillards which im not familiar with bc we dont have it around here, but I think it's equivalent to maybe a bloomingdales or something? And they had tons of other little shops that you would see in most malls. It's a huge outdoor mall, bigger than any I've seen in CA and they also had a lot of really great looking restaurants:pizza, sushi, mexican, you name it =)
3	Wow, it must be a first-time mall experience for the reviewer before me.  Five stars for Arrowhead?  Are you kidding?I find this mall to be average and boring with many middle of the road stores (Dillards, Sears, Gap, Tilly's, Forever 21) you can find elsewhere at other Westcor malls in the Valley.   Nothing really strikes me as distinctive at this mall - other than the fact that it's the nicer of two indoor shopping malls on the Westside.  So for 500,000 people this is the only game in town unless they're willing to drive east.The store mix and food court are pretty typical.  In fact, I rarely go here unless I am in the area, need socks or undershirts and/or I'm trying to avoid the lines of the other Arrowhead Paradise Bakery.
3	I worked in this mall for 2 or 3 years back in the day.  It's a pretty typical mall.  Over time, it's becoming a little more high end.  If you're on the west side of the Valley this is definitely your best choice.  It's owned by Westcor so your typical stores and not much else beyond that.  I was happy last time I was in town to discover they replaced where Gap used to be with a Coach store.  It's nice to have some higher end shops in the west Valley.
4	Love this mall. Conveniently located to the 101.  Aesthetically pleasing. Lots of fun, upscale new stores continue to replace has-beens: Lithium, Hollister, etc. The big stores like Dillards, Macy's, Sears and JCPenney are available. Plenty of comfy chairs to relax in, as well, while friends/family shop. There's a wide variety of restaurants. (Just wish they had a Greek restaurant!) and candy shoppes like See's, Godiva, etc. It's Westcor at its finest.  Love the AMC theater, as well.  If you still can't find what you're looking for - Costco is just west - across the street. This store makes me feel like I'm in Cali - minus the crowd. :-)
3	Average mall in so many ways.  Parking is poor on weekends but they do have enough spots, but it may require you parking on the back side behind Dick's or Dillard's.  Macy's & Dillard's make this worthwhile, and there are a couple restaurants that are tolerable for a break from the shopping (Chevy's).  Customer base isn't too bad.  While there is a lot more of the west side riff-raff you'll also have less of the Snottsdale types.
3	I've probably been to this mall more than any other in the Valley just because it is the closest to me and it has a Yankee Candle store.  I think it was much nicer before they added all the kiosks in the middle.  But almost every mall now has them.  Surprisingly at noon on Sunday of the Labor day weekend I had no trouble parking just a few steps outside the Southeast entrance.  It filled out a little bit by the time I left but nowhere near the crowds you would expect on what is normally a big sale/shopping weekend.  Even though they have had a couple of the original anchors go under in the last couple of years they have re-leased those spots quickly which has helped keep the mall busy and vibrant.   In addition to Yankee Candle I shop at The Knife Shop, JC Penneys, and Just Sports.
4	I think that this is one of the better malls in the valley.  I find the store selection to be above average, and unlike many other malls it has tenants in pretty much every space.  Lots of other malls around the valley are starting to look like retail graveyards.  The food court is very large with a decent selection of food.  I probably like this mall more than others because the interior is nice and clean and doesn't try really hard to look good.  There really isn't much to say, other than it can get REALLY crowded on the weekends.
4	One of my favorite malls in the Valley. Clean, bright and spacious layout, easy to get to, lots of good parking, uncrowded (usually), with a good variety of stores and a nice selection of eateries at the food court. And really comfy seats in the lobbies for the unfortunates who were unwillingly dragged to the mall to wait while their partners shop.
2	This mall seems to be going downhill. The mall is pretty small and there's not a great variety. You can walk the entire mall in about 15 minutes, if not less. It's very crowded with kids & teenagers that have been dropped off, so just beware that there will be a lot of teens running around, small spaces, and not many options. It is pretty clean and has decent decor, just wish there were better selections & less of a teen-hangout feel (I know all malls are teen-hangout zones, but this mall seems more amplified than others). If I want to have a fun afternoon of shopping, I'll drive across town to a different mall.The kiosks in the middle of the hallways are beyond annoying and obnoxious. It feel like I'm in the middle of a street fair with people trying to grab my attention and don't leave me alone as I walk by. Every time I walk by I try to be distracted on my phone which still does not keep them from leaving me alone. I'll even avoid walking to a far-off store because I can't stand them irritating me as I walk by. I'm surprised they are allowed to be as pushy and annoying as their are.There's an AMC theater at the mall which I avoid at all costs. It's very small and is usually infested with loud, obnoxious middle school kids that can't sit still or be quiet for a movie, not to mention be stuffed in a small theater. Overall, this mall is pretty boring and flat. Unfortunately it's the only indoor mall on the west side, so it will have to do, but it could be so much better. The addition of The Apple Store, Coach, and Sephora have been great, but more has to be done to save this mall.
4	Nice Mall, very little riff raff.
4	Great selection of stores. Easy layout.Lots of activities.
3	If it weren't for the ginormous Forever 21, Charlotte Russe, and The Clothing Co (and occasionally some others), I probably wouldn't shop here very often. Since these stores are here, though, I find myself spending a lot of time at the notorious Arrowhead Mall. I don't like the AMC here, so I will not see movies here and I am really not fond of the restaurants in the food court, either... basically I come here to shop at those three stores and then I book it.
3	Its pretty cool. Not the best variety in the food court,but its bearable.Stores: Disney store has huge floor space and tons of fun merchandise.The presentation is neat and clean.Tinkerbell has good customer service, inexpensive merchandise.2 bucks for cute blingy hair accessories, I'll take one!There's a 5 dollar minimum to swipe any sort of card tho.Clothing Co. has inexpensive clubwear/ casualwear,and accessories. I got a huge blue rose hair accessory for 2.99.It would be like 13 bucks at Icings or Claire's.Icing's....First of all, bad customer service and overpriced.During checkout, their attitudes were very demeaning, belittling the customer and making them feel unwelcome.I assume the manager was also very unhappy with her job because she was rude to her customers, especially those of color/ minorities.Second,Be VERY CAREFUL when purchasing merchandise from here.Their return policy on the receipt clearly states that merchandise can be returned and original form of payment will be refunded back to the customer if they have the receipt and the merchandise is in original condition.I bought a hair accessory, within 30 min around the mall found something that was better and cheaper so tried to return the merchandise to get my money back.I had my receipt and the item was unworn,but the assistant manager 3:30 PM 5/8 (She was brunette, heavy build, just above shoulder length hair and had black horn rimmed glasses with some badly done highlights)said that it could not be done because its "store policy" and only exchanges are allowed.I showed her the back of the receipt and she still held her ground.She was very unprofessional and treated me with disrespect (her mannerisms and tone) and was very rude to me.Very disappointed.I would not recommend this business to friends/ family.Definitely would not return.Overpriced low quality merchandise with poor customer service.Think again before you give them your business.Try other places like Clothing Co. or Tinkerbelle for cheaper, better quality merchandise and better customer service.
3	Arrowhead is a good average mall. It has everything you would expect from a typical mall and it is clean. The food court is ok, it could be better. The only problem that I have with Arrowhead is that it's lacking variety and pizzazz. My boyfriend pointed out that it doesn't have a lot of places for guys besides your typical Foot Locker, Dick's, and Macy's etc... If looking for your basics and no frills malls give Arrowhead a try but if  you're wanting more then try Arizona Mills or Scottsdale Mall.
1	Definitely going downhill. The teenagers ecerywhere & gangsters & cars being broken into in the parking lot says a lot. I'll drive far out of my way to only shop in scottsdale. It's a shame the apple store is inside the mall.
2	Store selections are all right. Definitely one of those "get what you need and get out". One of my biggest gripes are the people working the kiosks  are terribly annoying by trying to sell their products.
4	I come here probably every week or every other week because it's only a couple of blocks from my shop. I Love to walk around and I can easily spend 1-3 hours at this mall without knowing it. Every time I'm here I also have to get a strawberry lemonade from Dairy Queen and a Gyro from my Big Fat Greek. Delicious lol
4	This is the closest mall to me.  The mall has most of the stores I like, it is always pretty clean, you can always find parking, and hope to have more stores opening.
5	Went there to exchange/return a bag that we got for Christmas.  The staff was very friendly and helpful.  Too bad we didn't see anything we liked, so they offered to give us merchant credit that we can use online or use it next time or if we see something online since we didn't see anything we like this time, that we don't have worry carrying the bag that we want to return back and forth.  Very nice, now that is customer service.
3	Weird illuminati pyramid as you drive up from the south = coolest thing about this place.
4	Good location and love the selection of stores here.Good food court (love Paradise Cafe). Right next to our hotel so we walked there...very nice!!Pretty good mall all in all.
4	Goo selection of stores and I love people watching at this mall. Try chevy's next to the food court. Great tacos and cadillac margaritas and happy hour. Great deal.
3	It ha a Macy's and a kid's area so all good for me!  My only complaint is at the kid's area, there are kids way too OLD that play there.  I watch my 1 year old like a hawk but sometimes you are just not fast enough.  If your kids are too old to be playing there, please keep them away!
4	My boyfriend and I came here on a weekday and was surprised on how packed the parking lot was! I even had to retort to a comment... "Do people in Arizona get off work early or something?"..... It was crowded for an early afternoon, it was sort of shocking.The mall seems huge and empty at the same time. The ground floor is where all the awesome stores are at. They had an Apple store, and a Sephora.But of course, the only mall acceptable to me is a mall with a Nordstrom in it. This didn't have one.For those who shop at Forever21, i found a a HUGE Forever21, that's 2 stories and looks like a Macy's from the outside.But thank you Arrowhead Center for giving me something to do in the midst of the really scorching hot weather outside.Oh. They do have a cool looking food court. Looked really clean.
3	It's a mall what do you expect? LOL! But, it's a nice mall for Phoenix (Try going to metrocenter and than tell me how horrible arrowhead is!)
2	I love the food court at this mall, but thats about it. The security guards are very rude and not helpful at all! I also don't agree with the 50 smokers in the outside area. I used to enjoy sitting out there with my daughter and husband, but now it's nothing but full of tobacco smoke and pre-teens. Still better than metro center though...
4	Great mall with plenty of stores and a decent food court.
4	I **Hate** malls... I am not a shopper. But, the kids needed a few things for back to school. It is your typical mall... lots of teeny boppers walking around looking at each other. The stores are a good mix of mid level price points. For a mall it is pretty decent, 1000% better than MetroCenter! They have various areas in the mall where I could sit... almost laid out like a mini-living room .. was a great place to chat with other dads...  and wallow in agony about being at the mall. ** Side note - Do parents really let their kids out of the house looking like that? I vow to never have my girls dress like some of the teenage girls walking around.
3	Past it's prime...but still a decent mall. It is definitely more upscale when compared to Metrocenter and Spectrum Mall. Not as many "gangsta" guys or  ghetto girls. Security is almost nonexistent, though. The food court is always packed and there is a great variety of places to order food.
3	I guess this is the best mall option for people in the west valley.  A lot of places around Arrowhead also make it an attractive shopping and dining destination.  Pretty much all of the big box and anchor stores are in the mediate area, although driving across Bell at anytime of the day can be a major headache.  I think it could be a lot better.  Then again, it could be a lot worse.  Arrowhead Towne Center itself could use a little bit of an update.  It was built in the 90's, but feels even older.
4	Some of the best shopping in the valley.
4	For being pretty much the only shopping mall in the area, this one isn't too shabby!Has all the stores I need:SephoraApple StoreTeavanaNY and CoTorridBath and Body WorksBuild A BearDisneyDecent Food Court:Paradise BakeryChipotleMy Big Fat GreekORANGE JULIUSGreat Steaktypical chinese placesIt's pretty much always busy and parking is a biotch at times, but nowadays where is parking ever easy?
3	I'm not a big mall fan, but this one is pretty nice.  Good selection of stores on two levels.  Food court with your usual faire.  Overall appears clean and safe.  Parking is a challenge, especially the limited handicapped parking.  Worth a trip to do some shopping if you want to get indoors.
4	My fellow Americans.  It appears the economic recovery continues to strengthen.  You can get in on that news months before you read it in the papers.  The hard way is drive to Peach Springs and measure the "Peach Springs Oscillator" - the amount of time between freight trains crossing Diamond Creek Road.  The easy way is making a trip to Arrowhead Towne Center.   On January 13, 2013, the joint, as Fats Waller used to say, was jumpin'.  A wide variety of popular businesses, lots of varied kiosks in center floor, bustling food court, and of course, final clearance sales of 2012 products.  I even met a guy who just gotten promoted, and heard in general conversation, "Yes, they're hiring, you should put in an application." Those of us living in Central Phoenix know many favorite businesses have left town, moving out next to the freeway loops circling our Sonoran Desert  megalopolis.  It looks like Arrowhead Towne Center is a favorite.  Clean, well designed and naturally lighted in the central corridor, lots of people of every age foot-cruising the premises. Someone in the family shrank out of a warm jacket, we found a replacement here.  We had to go to Metro Center because the right size was sold out at Arrowhead, but we found the suitable style here.  Someone else wore out her old faithful housecoat.  We found a replacement here.   I saw the exact items I'd found on the web hanging from clothing racks in the stores, similarly priced.  We got to touch and examine them.  Once shipping and handling were added to the cost of the web item, we saved money driving local and got it the same day.  Very good.  I came away from our day at the malls with a vast appreciation for the people and enterprises creating, launching and driving brands.  The talent, ambition and ability to find financing command respect.  My hat is off to you whose business has succeeded these past few years.  I have more respect for the friends I've known who've started up to three businesses since 2007, trying again and again to catch the right wave.  Yelp* has reviews of a good cross section of the businesses in this mall.  There are lots more to investigate and write about.  Before we know it, February will arrive.  The next sales push is Valentines.  The best interaction I caught all day was a drooling husband lifting the skimpiest of women's G-string wedgie-givers from a display, suggesting his wife needed some new undies.  Walking on to more interesting fare her snorting response was, "You know John, the only reason we wear _those_ things is for you men."
4	As far as malls go, this is a good one. The preferred shopping mecca for all ages, it is a bustling complex that includes a Dillard's and the hugest Forever 21 I have ever seen. We even rented a fire truck shaped stroller complete with ample room for shopping bags and drinks. The baby loved it. Plenty of elevators & escalators to get where you need to go plus a Disney store, Build-A-Bear workshop and tons of other fun  shopping with kids or teens. Don't forget to treat yourself to an Orange Julius at the DQ in the food court.
2	This mall is ok.  It is close to my house, so it is where I shop most of the time. It has some nice stores like Macy's and Dillard's. both those stores need a remodel though, they are starting to show their age. What I really hate it walking on the ground floor. Every little kiosk is trying to get your attention and bothering you while you walk. It feels like Tijuana there. I hate it and it makes me want to leave the mall quickly. There are some good food court places like chipotle and paradise. You can also eat at Chevys and have a nice margarita. It is a pretty crowded mall especially on the weekend. Overall this mall is ok, it has what I need but isn't the greatest shopping experience.
5	When it comes to going to a mall this is the one. I know most people complain that this mall has too many "kids" running around, which is true, but you'll get that with every mall. Metrocenter Mall is a cesspool of failing businesses that all moved away and Scottsdale Fashion Square hosts "beautiful" snobs who live off of their husbands credit cards. Arrowhead Towne Center has actual normal people.Stores worth shopping at:Macy's Dillard'sDicksForever 21Hot TopicPuppies N' Love (how can you not love puppies?!?!)Aeropostale American EagleGamestopI know many people would disagree but this really is a great mall to go to.
4	This mall works for me due to convenience (I live within walking distance). Otherwise, it is far below the standards of other malls I am used to frequenting. However, I will say it has improved in recent years. More popular stores have been added such as MAC makeup store and even Chipotle in the food court, and they are currently renovating the AMC theaters to a nicer one with comfortable seats! I will continue to come here just due to the fact that I live nearby, but Scottsdale Fashion Square Mall and the Biltmore Mall are definitely way better if you are looking for store quality & quantity.
5	Spent my afternoon there this hot day in Phoenix. This is a nice size mall that is family friendly. Great store selections, large food court and movie theatre. Be sure to save your receipts and stop by customer service. They have some great give-aways in their shoppers rewards program.
3	I am afraid Arrowhead will soon face the same destiny as Metro center. It is nice for a change to find some nice shops on the West side also but I am skeptic about the future. I don't go to Arrowhead mall often, but seems like every time I am there there is more sketchy characters that are having a little too much fun. I hope I'm wrong ...
4	Today was my first time going here. Overall the mall was fun and nice to go to. Very hot to walk around in with an open ceiling.  I will go down the list of stores I visited and rate them individually.Torrid- It's great that they have a place for plus sizes but this place has the clothes racks way too crammed. Didn't find what I was looking for her but nice place. 8/10Fuzziwigs- CANDY!!! I am taking some points off for the rude girl who rang up my order. I had quite a few things and she didn't even offer me a big bag. Once my sisters and I went in one of the girls started conveniently walking around us as if she was making sure we wouldn't steal. So rude. Candy is great. I got some caramel apple pops and some licorice. 6/10JCPenney's Sephora section- I got some items and the ladies were really nice and helpful. There is also a separate Sephora store in the mall which I did not go to because I went today (a Saturday) and it was quite full in there. 10/10Pretzelmaker- The pretzel was thin and rock hard. The cheese was very good though.  3/10Sweet Daddy Cupcakes- featured on Cupcake Wars. Cupcakes are a reasonable price and very good! 9/10Wetzel's Pretzels- Wish I got my pretzel at this location in the first place. Cheese wasn't as good as Pretzelmaker but the pretzel was hot, fluffy and delicoius. 9/10Lane Bryant- This place has such beautiful clothes for plus sizes but the prices are insane. It's too bad because I feel that Lane Bryant has MUCH nicer clothes than you will see at places like Walmart. The Just My Size line at Walmart has big sizes but really ugly clothes that even a prude grandma would not wear. Whoever designs for that line clearly doesn't know how bigger ladies like me like classy, stylish clothes. Don't even get me started on the JMS clothes during winter/Christmas *shudder* Oops, I got off track. LB knows how to style for plus sizes but also has plus the price. 7/10Sbarros- Their pizza is great and the people doing the orders were nice. 10/10I didn't really have a problem at all the the kiosk people. I only got stopped once. The mall was very full and had a bunch of kids and hooligans running around but nothing I wasn't expecting. Would definitional return in the future.
4	Nice mall with a good selection of stores and places to eat. The playplace is nice and big so it doesn't tend to get too crowded. It's a comfortable mall, not a dump, but not too upscale.
5	Was very nice and cool in there nice choice of Shops and Food
4	Solid mall with tons of store options to choose from in every price range. It was clean, easy to navigate and even though it was a weekend and it was a little busy, it didn't have that crowded tight feel of some other places.  I can see us coming to this location again during the holiday season to purchase gifts and other whatnot for family / friends given the array of recognizable store fronts.  Decent food court and snack selections if you want them.Overall: A-Much better than some of the other malls the Phoenix area has to offer!
4	I really like arrowhead mall, its one of my favorites. the layout is very helpful and you can see other stores from either side of the mall and all have easy access. I like the fact that it also has an Apple Store. My Favorite Stores are American Eagle And Footlocker. and for my wife they have all the rest... so she can go crazy shopping. it keeps her busy haha...and when we are tired of walking. they have alot of restaurants to choose from :) so this mall has it all...and its close to where i live so i dont have to drive out to AZ mills or fashion square mall...unless we are bored...then the drive out there will be worth it
4	People walking around at the mall is ridiculous at 10 o'clock it should be no more walkers and get your way it's just a mess.I like this mall lot it's really clean it has a lot of neat stores in it besides Apple stores here so I come here a lot but I don't like all the people walking around exercising in the morning what's up with that I thought that's what  a track is for. (  Get out !!! ) With all the beautiful weather now out doors. Why are they inside walking around indoors that is so dumb the mall should not  Allow this nonsense.
4	Wow a very busy day at the mall today parking sucks right nowPeople walking around at the mall is ridiculous at 10 o'clock it should be no more walkers and get your way it's just a mess.I'm updating this review just a little bit. I still seen the walkers walking around it's very annoying why are they doing it's already packed now the walking should stop no more exercising right now it's absolutely ridiculous the mall is a great place to shop not exercising, It's ridiculous to have all this people exercising in groups, Anyways it's bad enough with the train going down the middle.
4	This is the nicest mall on the westside of town!  They keep this mall clean, well maintained and well secured.  These are the things that are important to me when my wife and daughter go shopping.  I am able to sit down in the mall while surfing Yelp for my next meal without worrying about the safety of my ladies.  Top notch choices of shops with just a few top end stores missing but good enough.  Their food court is always packed which means folks enjoy the available selection.  This is our family's go to mall when we are not traveling to the east side of town.
4	This is the only indoor mall worth visiting in the West Valley. Food court is above average. Gotta love having choices like Johnny Rockets and Orange Julius.Getting my shop on here isn't half bad. When I'm not stuck in ties and slacks, I know I can visit spots like Aeropostale or Pac Sun and dress it down on the cheap. If you're looking for electronics, they've got that, too, with a massive Apple Store, as well as Radio Shack. So if you want a clean, convenient shopping experience, make this your stop. Except for Sundays...ugh...the parking lot is horrendous.
4	I went in with only one thing on my mind, get my shopping done and no bullshitting! Really not bad a bad mall for being the only one in the west valley. I love that it's in a nice clean part of glendale, believe me glendale has a hood too! Food court has all your favorites, worth having lunch.
4	Love this mall, pretty much anything you would need from a mall you'd find here. Very clean & the store selection is very nice. Parking is plentiful as well.
4	I live in the near vicinity of this mall so I have visited this place probably more than the average folk.  Its so tempting and living near by, I sometimes can't help myself.This place is truly one of the nicer malls in the state.  I wouldn't go so far to say its luxurious like Scottsdale Fashion Square but it certainly isn't anything like Metro Center... *shudder*.  It is definitely children friendly and a place I can happily bring my out of town family to.Like with any decent mall, the traffic leading up to and around the mall can be crazy on weekends and especially during the holidays.  I like to plan my shopping as soon as the stores open at 10am during a weekday so I don't deal with the traffic and overwhelming amount of people inside the mall.  Its also easier to bring my 2 year old as well, just being able to relax without the pressure a busy mall can bring.You gotta visit this place if you haven't yet.
1	I am sorry this place has turned into a complete day care center. I almost cringe coming to this mall.
3	This is a very busy mall. They have an excellent food court that I did enjoy while I was here. I live in the North part of Phoenix and so it isn't a mall I frequent a lot, but it is sometimes convenient for me. There really isn't anything too original about it and the food court is definitely the top thing here. I will continue to go from time to time if I happen to be in the area and need a gift or clothes.
4	Nice mall. Summer concert series on Saturday nights are great.
3	Clean and a fair amount of desirable stores. Food court is small and has limited choices. Noticed several empty and/or out-of-business stores.
4	Lots of parking to be found and not too crowded seeing as we went there during the middle of the day.  The food court was packed though but throughout the mall wasn't.  Lots of stores, e.g. Dillards, Sears, JC Penny, Macy's, Dick's, an Apple store, etc. One thing I do like about this mall is that it's layout istn' confusing and you don't get lost easily.  It's on the small side of malls as I've seen and been to larger but small is good especially when you're looking for something particular.Definitely will be coming back here, not only to shop at the stores, but to try some of the restaurants in the food court which seemed to be popular.
4	I like coming to this mall for convenience and stores that are located here.My son loves playing at the lego store.They also have a train for kids that is slightly pricey but good for an occasional treat.Some notable shops that my wife and I frequent are: see's candy, bath and body works, lego store, forever 21, sephora, mac cosmetics store, Victoria secret, nice theater, great food choices and much more.Weekends get a bit busy but during the week it's pretty quiet.Parking is ample and usually not too far from entrance.
4	I enjoy coming to this mall mainly for the kids play area. Its not as crowded or rundown as some of the other ones. The shops are typical mall shops. A little too pricey for me. I do enjoy the food court and the selection they have.
5	I really wish I could give them more stars!  My daughter made her little brother a bear when he was first born and he is now almost two and really loves his bear.  The bear has definitely seen better days, as my son takes it everywhere!  So I went to the store for a replacement. I found that they didn't carry it anymore,  the staff gave me the email address to the build a bear hospital.  I sent them a picture of the bear and they had anther one!  The "hospital" sent the new bear to the store with the next shipment....I went to pick it up when it arrived.  I was given a brand new bear to spare my son separation anxiety while his old bear spends some time in the build a bear hospital!  I think it's truly awesome that build a bear stands behind their products and takes into consideration the special circumstances that come with children clientele!  I was totally expecting to pay for the brand new bear as well and I was blown away when the new bear and hospital trip were free of charge!  I highly recommend build-a-bear and I will definitely be back!!!!! (And buying a spare in advance for our next little addition!)
1	Please arrowhead mall stop filling up the bottom floor like its Tijuana. I hate going to this mall now because every few feet I have people yelling at me trying to get my attention to buy their goods at their kiosk. I have 4 hair straighteners already! I do not need you to straighten my hair. No I don't want your diamond makeup! I am not interested in a time share or phone case. Please leave me alone! My whole shopping experience is ruined and I would rather just go to Amazon.
4	I was lucky to find decent parking during the holiday season.  The mall was quite busy as expected.  As soon as I walked into the mall I was greeted with a map to help me find footlocker which I was grateful to see.  I'm not a regular at this mall and don't know my way around. I noticed the food court had an Orange Julius and a Chipotle which I thought was nice.  I stopped in at Brookstone and found out that it's a temporary location they only set up during the holiday season. It looked as though they had been raided.  Very low inventory. Overall it was a fairly standard mall.
