3	Some 3 stars are better than other 3 stars.  That's because The Yelp won't give us half stars or quarter stars.  Or any portion of stars.  No stardust either.  I did get some pixie dust at a Yelp event once but that is a completely different story than I am not prepared to relate today.All I am prepared to tell you today is that we had dinner at Flaming Kabob 2.  It was overall pretty good.  We started with flaming cheese (we felt that with the word flaming in the name of the restaurant we needed something flaming and we couldn't get certain friends to join us so we had to order burning food.  Actual burning food).  The cheese was served fajita style, that is, on a small skillet with a wooden holder.  It was very tasty but rather greasy.  What did I expect from burning cheese?We followed that with a couple shared entrees:  a gyro platter and some kind of chicken platter...I'm afraid I don't remember the name.  Both were tasty.  The chicken was heavily sauced (haven't we all been once or twice) and flavored strongly with garlic (haven't we all been once or twice).So to bottom line this for you (don't we all just want to go straight for the bottom sometimes?  The bottom line)  I would eat here again.
5	This place has great food quality and the serving sizes are ginormous. We got the $40 family combo plate and took home enough for another full meal. The combos are a great way to sample all they have to offer. Everything was good, with the stand-outs being the falafel and the Kafka.
4	I ate here a couple of weeks ago and had a really good dining experience.The food is very VERY good and the prices are reasonable for the large portions they serve.  The waitress was very friendly and very accommodating.  She even offered a little tutorial on what goes with what, in case it was our first time eating that type of food.  I recommend taking her up on that offer.. you might just learn something new.You know when you eat at a restaurant for the first time, and you take your first bite out of each item and it makes you say.. "Damn that's good."?   That's what I experienced here.This place is definitely a place I will go to again.
1	Their phone number is disconnected and their last and only 3 reviews  were in 2010
