3	Middle of the road, you know what you're getting when you walk into a Kinko's - copies, copies and more copies.Once I figured out which of the counters is used to place your order (and a different one to pay), I was able to order a box of very simple business cards. No logos or special stuff, I just wanted something to hand out at a conference that didn't have my phone number on it and did have my forum handle. They eventually figured out what I was describing and placed the order.I came back two hours later and picked them up. Much cheaper than anything I could order online and a little bit less expensive than OfficeMax or OfficeDepot. Solid, professional work.
4	So friendly. So nice. So friendly. So nice.I needed to print a few things in color yesterday. My first stop at another business was a big strike out... their color copier was out of commission for the day. She recommended I go here. Perfect. FedEx is right on my way home. Walked in and was immediately greeted by a nice lady behind the counter. I told her what I needed and she took me over to a machine where I could upload my stuff and print it out on my own. She showed me step by step how to do it and stood there with me to make sure I had the hang of it. Bonus: it's cheaper to do it yourself here.Didn't take long at all. I was in and out in less than 15 minutes. Quick, easy and inexpensive.I was a little confused when I didn't get a receipt. What did I miss? How can I not figure this out? Fail. Another nice worker noticed and walked up to ask if I needed help. He showed me the magical receipt printing machine. (Pretty sure that's the technical name for it)This place was rocking. Steady stream of people the entire time I was there. The workers greeted each one the minute they walked through the door. Kind of felt like when you walk into Moe's and they shout, "Welcome to Moe's."Warning: if you need to turn left on Woodlawn when leaving here... it's almost impossible. Save yourself some time and stress... turn right and turn around on a road with a red light.
4	Needing some 11 x 17 presentations bound, I had great luck at this Fed Ex Print Shop.  Located at the nightmare intersection of Woodlawn and Old Pineville (this was Harper's before Lynx ruined the parking lot) - pay attention!  Turn lanes / turn signals are a foreign concept to drivers, so be aware of where you are heading and how to get there. Plenty of parking and the store signage is easily seen.Everyone I encountered from drop-off to pick-up was a delight.  I brought my own prints and covers, and the staff was able to professionally bind what I needed, well in advance of when I needed it.  The price for standard coil binding was $5.99 plus tax, and having them do all of the punching and threading for me saved me from punching and threading someone, because our binding machine at work is like some kind of motor skill and patience test designed by Satan.Great job Fed Ex folks - thank you!  Should I need any of the services they provide again, I would not hesitate to stop in.(I also witnessed one of the employees working with an elderly gentleman with some faxing needs - he was adorable and she was just as patient and kind as she could be).
5	Our office in Chicago called and emailed this FedEx Office to help us print 2 portfolios for our clients, which were being picked up by a courier.  I found the staff (via phone calls and from the finished product) to be on top of their game, reliable and quick.  They got our order finished in an hour and helped us deliver very important documents to our client - they even called me to reassure me that the job had been printed and picked up.  Big thank you from Chicago
