5	For $35, you get 50  minutes of bliss.  A not to be miss deal in Vegas.  Located on block from the strip,walkable but a but I'd take the bus or drive there instead.  It's a clean simple place, not a seedy brothel so don't worry, the cheap price gets you a professional massage and nothing else.  This is such a great deal, they're always booked days in advance so call early.  For $99 you get the massage and a scrub.   I prefer the older male masseuse who has tons of experience.  Beware that they use firm pressure here so if it's your first massage or you're not fond of pain, tell them to go light.
5	Update:  Just got back from xmas in Vegas and visited this place twice, it was that good.  Linda, the older chinese masseuse is now my fav.  Don't let her petite stature fool you, she's got hands of steel and was way more effective than the male masseuse that I like there.  All the airplane kinks melted away, the best $39 I've spent on anything, in or out of Vegas!
5	I have had many massages on different vacations, but the best one I have ever had was at good hands massage. The staff is fantastic .  Linda, is the best. They are located not to far from the strip, in the China town area. The prices are very reasonable unlike the spa's at the major hotels
1	I was tired of paying huge sums of money for a massage at the expensive hotels on the strip. I read these reviews and wondered how bad they could be for $99 (1 hour swedish with 1 hour foot). Buyer Beware! This is hands down (no pun intended) the worse massage I ever received. You do have to pay up from so there is no way to get your money back. The old man massage therapist hardly spoke any English, and had very long nails. He was giving a massage really at all, just lightly touching my back. I asked him to press harder (so I could actually feel something) and he said in broken English that this was his 5th massage that day and he was too tired. The massage only lasted 40 minutes. The foot massage was even worse. He left me with my feet in a bucket of water and disappeared. Twenty minutes later I had to go walking through the strip mall to find the therapist who disappeared. I found him smoking a cigarette next door. The hour long foot massage I paid for lasted 29 minutes. When finished I called a cab who told me it would be 55 minutes to get a driver there. I ended up taking the bus back to the Wynn. Once you go there is no way to complain (no one speaks English) and no way to get your money back. Don't make the same mistake I did!!!
4	Hubby and I had the couples massage.  He had the deep tissue and I had the shiatzu.  Really nice way to relax and the place was clean and they were very affordable.  I definetly plan to use them again.
1	I am actually at this massage place right now.. Disappointed with the first half of my " Escape Package". If you want to be pet like a cat.. Perfect place to be.. Lol but don't expect a massage.. Never have I been bored on a massage table except here.
2	Went here with the lady for a couples massage.The good: Cheap, close to the stripThe Bad: Where do I start.  This was my first massage, my girls 2nd massage.  My complaints were they didn't speak ANY english, even the contract was broken english and I had to pay first.  My girls complaints...The guy was pressing so hard it was hurting her and she had to tell him countless times to ease up.  At times it was way hard others it was way soft like he was petting her.  His hands smelled like cigarette smoke when they were on her face (gross) and our "therapists" were probably about 80 years old..Not that I have anything against old people but I felt bad making my grandparents massage me. The old lady pulled my undees down past my humps then massaged my neck, my back, lick my...never mind..on to the story then. head, arms THEN moved down to my cheeks. What was the point of doing that other than exposing my young tight cheeks to her?  It would have been hot but I felt so sad that this poor grandma was so old :-(  I'm not saying DONT GO THERE just saying it was NOT what you probably expect.
1	Have been using this spa when I go to Vegas for about 4 yrs.  Have been growing more disappointed with each visit.  This time I wanted a deep tissue massage.  They say open from 10-midnight but the evening I called they closed at 8 pm.  Tried to schedule a 10am appt the next day but was told 11am was the earliest.  Got there 10 min early and found people waiting outside.  Mature man arrived a few min after 11.  Didn't get into room until 11:10 w/ massage starting shortly thereafter.  Had to pay up front.  Deep tissue wasn't so deep and a very large amount of time was spent  gently rubbing my feet and head.  Left room twice to blow nose and spit plus ended massage about 10 min early.  I will not return.  It's inexpensive but I didn't  get what I paid for.  Man didn't speak English so you couldn't talk about the time, the pressure, etc
5	This is by far my favorite massage place. I tried some other one down the street that had 4 1/2 stars and it was a big disappointment. I can't believe this place has a low rating. Must try the deep tissue massage! And the couple that works here is incredibly generous and nice..
