4	It's usually the case in Madison, that the local bakeries and bread maker products are far superior to any of the 'chain stores' but one of the exceptions just opened their doors today. Great Harvest Bread Co. (which is a franchise business) started baking bread, cookies, bars, and making sandwiches today, right near the edge of the Shorewood/Hilldale neighborhood and the UW medical complex.The store is bright, clean, and very efficient looking. The daily specials and baked goods are nicely displayed and you could get samples of their wares while waiting in line...well, today anyway. The service was good, although not without the first day hiccups that every business goes through.I ordered the Ham and Brie and put it on Anadama bread, which I'd never had before. With apples and apricot relish, it was a wonderful cascade of flavors giving one last push at summer's bounty. The salted caramel cookie that I got was just as delish!With artisan loaves of bread, sweet bakery items, granolas, and sandwich specials changing daily, and don't forget the doggie treats!, I'm looking forward to getting back here soon!
4	I walked by this morning and decided to check it out. Very friendly greetings!They offered several samples - the raspberry&blueberry bar was really good.I ordered a Chai latte (skim) and scone of the day (chocolate chip with macademia nuts). The chai wasn't as spicy as I'm accustomed to, but it's very smooth and creamy. The scone was definitely my favorite. I usually get scones from Panera and Whole Foods (the harder and dryer ones you need to dip into milk), but this was super soft and delicious.I recommend trying out this place.
5	The Bacon Beer Cheese bread AMAZING! Quite literally my new food obsession. They partnered with Great Dane Brewery and you can really taste and smell the delicious beer flavor. Not sure what the yellow cheese is, but it's a hidden golden treasure! Also tried the peach blackberry bar and the fruit was super fresh and moist-Excellent again! The scones instead of crumbling and drying your mouth out, were flavorful, soft and fresh. Still have yet to try a few other breads and scones we got, but so far everything has been great! My recommendation would be to go to Great Harvest and enjoy!
5	Great place, healthy food, nice environment! I got the Chimichurri roast beef sandwich, and a Savannah bar; both were excellent and made with high quality ingredients! The taste was very much like home made food and desserts! They gave me a free loaf of whole wheat bread with purchase of sandwich; as part of their grand opening promotion! I just love this place!Definitely recommend it!
5	Stopped in today after seeing several positive reviews. Totally agree with what's been said!We had 2 great salads...a chicken salad and a ham/brie. Both were outstanding...the bread has good flavor/texture and each of the ingredients in the sandwiches came together to create a great flavor profile.Super friendly staff handing out samples of a variety of products.Best part...they were running a "buy a sandwich get a loaf of bread free" promo, so we left with 2 free loaves of bread! We sampled (and took) a loaf of the cinnamon chip...it was outstanding!The sandwiches run around $7-8. They are decently sized, and the quality of the ingredients warrant the price. With a promo like we experienced today, we felt like we got a steal.One thing to note...Great Harvest is closed on Sundays...we previously discovered this the hard (and sad) way :)
