4	Since this was a new place I didn't know was to expect. The place is super cute with bench style seating. There's 25% off your entire bill for happy hour! i went with 4 friends and we ordered 6 rolls, two miso soup, two teas, and a garden salad and the bill came out to $63. i think thats a pretty good deal. our server renae was really sweet.Their very generous with the food portion. We ordered the tiger eye roll Which was my favorite roll out of the 6 rolls we ordered it was deep fried calamari rolled with crab, avocado & cucumber. Also try the Energy Roll!!!! in it there were fresh water eel, yellowtail, yama gobo, green onion & smelt egg. all the rolls were really good and we were stuff after leaving. i wanted to try their fried green tea ice cream but i was way tooo full to order it.
5	Visited here with a group from work as it's close to the Palms where we were staying. Very cool interior with a massive projection tv screen showing some crazy music videos.First thing I noticed was the huge variety on the menu. Great selection of sake plus just about every different type of roll you could possibly want. We ordered a bunch of different rolls for the group and stuffed ourselves silly.Favorite dish - the ahi tuna appetizer on wonton crackers. Had a baked salmon roll which was also delicious. Will be going back for sure!
5	Yay! They finally opened one easier for me to get to.  I've always liked this restaurant, but never wanted to cross Las Vegas Blvd.  to get to it.  When you walk in you almost feel like you walked into the one on Paradise, but feels slightly larger.  Food was fantastic, service was great as well.  Definitely no complaints.  We ordered the Rose Roll, Hamachi Kama, and a whole bunch of other stuff that I can't remember, but all the food was delicious.  My friend doesn't really go beyond California rolls unless someone else orders it, he loved the jalapeno popper things I order.  Those were my favorite along with the Rose Roll.  Definitely recommend it!
4	So I was staying at the palms place for work again. I have eaten at almost all the places in the palms and so I thought I would venture out. So I walked across the street and made my way into Kaizen. The place was pretty empty but it was a Wednesday at about 6PM so I understand why. The place is pretty nice inside with a neat urban but Japanese feel. Sat at the sushi bar and the sushi chef was sooo nice. So there are so many things on the menu that it is hard to choose. All the rolls kind of scared me because I was wondering what the quality of their fish really was due to so many rolls and not so much sushi. Ordered sushi of Spanish mackerel and it was very tasty so I thought lets try the sushi. I ordered the Chirashi which is a traditional bowl of sashimi. It was AWESOME!!! I had three pieces of tuna, salmon, octopus, squid. Two pieces of Delicious halibut, Spanish mackerel, shrimp, crab and the kicker yellow tail belly. Topped off with a Japanese mushroom, rice, seaweed and salmon eggs. It was soo good. If you order the Cherish you have to be willing to eat what you get. This bowl is for a true sushi lover. Also it is an awesome deal at only $19.95. Tip: let the sushi chefs make it their way. Don't ask for any substitute. Overall a great dining experience. I was by myself and never felt rushed or uncomfortable. I hope to be able to come here again. YUMMY!!!
5	YAY SUSHI! I've been to the location on Paradise a number of times, but I had yet to visit this one (even though it's closer to home.) I placed an order for pick-up, which was waiting on a nearby table when I arrived. The inside of the restaurant looks exactly like the Paradise location, but about two or three times bigger. All of the food is excellent. I've brought people who have eaten sushi in Japan and people who have never tried sushi and so far, everyone has enjoyed the food at Kaizen. My BFF's fiance swore he hated sushi until he agreed to try a chicken teriyaki roll. Now he's hooked. That's what Kaizen does to people.Although there aren't a ton of vegetarian rolls, the few they have are excellent. They offer a vegetable tempura roll and a shiitake mushroom tempura roll that are just to die for. The best part is definitely the dessert menu. They have green tea and red bean ice cream and FIVE types of mochi ice cream! Overall, great restaurant. I really like the variety on the menu, and the service is always good. Plus, it's open super late (like, 3 a.m.)
4	Food was excellent, service efficient and prices reasonable!  I was at a much pricier sushi restaurant the night before and this place was actually better!  Great sushi.
1	I decided to try Kaizen on Flamingo Friday night, as I have been to the Paradise location many times.  Same name, different restaurant!I went with my 8 year old daughter who LOVES sushi, and we were TERRIBLY disappointed and will NEVER go back.  Even if Mr. Kaizen himself knocked on my front door, I would open, shut and lock!As a person in the industry for so long, there are 3 key things that make or break a first time experience. Service, quality, and atmosphere.  We walked in at 8:45 pm. Sushi chef looked at us, the ONLY waitress looked at us, and said nothing. What happened to the overbearing "IRASHAIMASE!?!" 8:52 the waitress says "sit wherever you like." We sat down, she brought drinks, took our order and 10 minutes after we placed our order, she said "it's gonna be 10 more minutes, I'm sorry, here is some edamame." There were TWO other tables in the entire place, with 2 people at the sushi bar.25 minutes later, our sushi arrived.  The yellowtail was soggy, warm and fatty.  I asked for the bill, she said "You didn't like it?" I said "No."   She comes with the bill...it was nearly $70 dollars, AND she charged for the edamame she offered as an apology for the wait!!!!  Kaizen Shmaizen!  I will never go to any location ever, ever, ever again!
5	Walking in I wasn't expecting much. 50% off lunchtime? Hmmm how good can this be? The menu had so many things on it, took me 20 minutes just to read thru! I chose a couple of specialty rolls & a spicy tuna salad. The salad was sooooo good I licked the plate clean! The rolls were creative, fresh & delicious! Wow what a pleasant surprise. Why isn't there a line outside to get in?My mouth is watering right now as I think about the great meal I had at this restaurant.Thumbs up from me.
4	Let me start off by saying, the sushi here is absolutely delicious. Their baked salmon roll is spectacular. Their service, however, like at the other Kaizen on Paradise, is a little awkward. Don't sit at the bar and expect to have a great time chatting up the bartenders, this is more of a go with a group of friends and eat their amazing food type of place.
1	This place charged my credit card three times, then came back and lied to me saying they're system was down so I paid cash only to find out they charged me and didn't tell me later. Then the general manager David says he would give me $50 credit the next day. The next day he changes his mind and acts like a complete a$$hole to me. 0/5 stars.
5	I tried the Tiger Eye Roll at Kaizen, and it's something I've never seen or eaten before. Pieces of tuna, yellowtail, salmon, a stick of cucumber all wrapped in seaweed and squid(!) with an outer breading. The roll didn't have rice, so you'll be good if avoiding carbs...Also had the chicken katsu bowl, which was nice and crispy.Vegas has really good sushi, and the sushi chefs at this restaurant were masters at the craft.
1	Vegas is ridiculously far from the ocean and this place reflects that.  The rolls taste like Safeway rolls and the sashimi was mostly bad. Only one out of our 3 nigiri sushi tasted fresh
3	Good sushi, not great. There was a HUGE variety, which I really liked, & a nice mix of many different flavors, as well as baked, or fried rolls. Most of the tempura rolls were actually regular rolls made w/ tempura something or other rather than an entire rolss fried, which I really liked bc what is the point of sushi if it's totally unhealthy anyway right? My personal fav was the green chili roll but my gf lked the holy cow the best. I felt everything could have been just a little more well executed, many of the rolls were starting to fall apart when they arrived at our table, & I was also disappointed at how many of the rolls were smaller than 8 pieces. Even during happy hour it was nearly $50 for 5 rolls which isnt BAD but, w/ ayce sushi on every few blocks around here I think they should really step it up. Next time I will definitely be looking more into their extensive app selection.
4	This place wasnt bad, when i am beginning to go back eating sushi again...well the Veggie ones. But i reallly want to try that avacado train nxt time... :)
4	Delicious. Hip. Nice 25% off happy hour 3-6pm. Even family friendly, they gave us some tofu cubes for our one-year-old. We were the only ones there on a Weds afternoon, but the rolls took a little too long to make for just the two of us.
2	Overpriced and Unoriginal.....The space in Kaizen is very nice, with bamboo, nicely stained wood communal tables, and just the right amount of light to create a very chilled out ambience.  Even though the space is quite nice, there are a few major issues with the experience as a whole.  We sat at the bar around 11:00 on a Saturday night, along with 5 or 6 other people in the restaurant.  It was not very busy, and the other diners were enjoying their food when we ordered.  Like other reviews have stated, the chefs take a long time to prepare your sushi here.  When it did arrive, I was fairly disappointed.   The prices I list are ballpark, as I can't recall exactly what they were.  We decided on the following:A trio salad plate (I can't recall the name) - This appetizer included a seaweed salad, octopus salad, and tuna poke.  The octopus was quite good, being flavorful and tender but the poke and the seaweed left much to be desired, both in texture and flavor.  ($8.95)Tuna Sashimi w/ garlic ponzu - Awkward cuts of tuna drowning in a sauce that just didn't taste quite right.  The presentation was nothing special, and the flavors were forgettable.  ($13.95)  Tuna, whitefish wrapped in Cucumber, no rice  (again the name eludes me) -  Six pieces a little too big to eat in one bite arrived on the plate.  This wasn't too bad, but for $13.95 you must have something exceptional in that roll, and exceptional was no where close.  I don't understand the prices for this place, they are way too high for the product.  You can pay these prices at a few other sushi restaurants in town and get a much better meal.
5	Visited Kaizen today with my daughter and we were very impressed. Dining room is clean, spacious, and modern.  Seaweed salad was very good though it couldve used some sesame oil on it. A "side" portion was large enough for us to split as an appetizer.  My daughter ordered the standard California roll - nothing special but the ingredients were fresh. I had the "twilight" roll which consisted of fresh water eel, avocado, fried eel, spicy tuna, and a spicy and sweet sauce. Absolutely to die for and very filling since my daughter wouldn't try it. Finished off our lunch with green tea tempura ice cream. Server was attentive but not overbearing. We'll definitely be back
1	We came here last Saturday and it was the worst service ever. First let's start by pricing on the AYCE. It was 26 dollar and it wasn't even the whole menu like other sushi restaurants. It was a specific menu that doesn't even have half the specials rolls the restaurant menu has so its very limited to the rolls that probably didn't have that many ingredient. Next, there was only one server that is taking plates out to the all tables other than the bar. The next thing that I ran into was this place didn't offer half rolls. He mentioned that most rolls were going to be 6-8 pieces but half were rolls we're not allowed. I ordered ribeye and it came out cold. What also can't out cold was the baked mussel. Not only was it cold my fresh oyster only came two per plate when it was really suppose to be 3 per plate. The food took forever to come out and hen it finally did come to our table all the other plates were empty. That's how long it took. I would never come back here especially for what I paid.
3	Kaizen was my first AYCE sushi visit in town.  I will say on the one hand, if I totaled up all my items as if I ordered ala carte, then I definitely saved money.  Just beware that when they say $26.95, it's really more like $37 after tax and auto added tip.I liked the spice on a few of my rolls but others came off as just average.  The tuna poke was solid but it was the first time I've had that so I can't say if it was better or worse than other tuna poke.  A friend I was with  said this place had nothing on places in her hometown, which happened to be a fish mecca (Seattle), so it's a tough comparison.The true grade of Kaizen is TBD as I continue to expand my footprint in LV cuisine.
5	I have never been to a sushi place I love more. My friends got me going here on our trips to vegas, its a good spot for a 2am food stop!  They will alternate any rolls for you to fit your diet needs.  They are pretty pricey for, about $10 a roll.  I think the best rolls are the tempura rolls, but you cant go wrong with fried stuff.  Anything baked, yummy too!  The baked salmon roll was to die for!  Eel sauce, glazed over, with baked salmon on top, so tasty!  The service is great, always on top of things, food comes out at a decent time.  I have only been to two of their locations, one on Paradise, which is my usual spot and I recently discovered the Flamingo location, which is close to my work, so stoked!  For good sushi at a decent price, this is the place to go!
5	My second home is Kaizen. Great food, and entertainment with their music video's playing on the large flat screen tv!
4	Love you Kaizen! (Or Umaya ? or whatever you're called now).This place has changed their name so many time I don't know what they're called anymore so I just call them Kaizen still. Whatever. They could rename their restaurant to Crap Sushi and I'd still come here.I don't do sea food, which is hard when your friends all want sushi. Kaizen makes it easy for me. Katsu chicken? Sure thing, and it's delicious. And if you're in the mood for a bit of sushi that is fishless, the BBQ ribs roll is AWESOME. Sushi loving friends put this at the top of their lists - AYCE is fairly reasonable, especially for being so close to the Strip, and the service is quick and super nice. As someone who goes through a couple diet cokes per meal, they even refill quickly (thanks for that!).
5	YUMMM!!! always very good sushi! Quick service, and everyone working there is very nice. Every roll I have tried is delicious! I'm a very picky sushi eater, and this place is definitely one of my favorites of all time!
