4	I work right across this tiny little sandwich shop. It's pretty much my go-to place for lunch. They have freshly-made sandwiches, large selection of salads and a few asian fares like spring rolls, noodles (it's owned by a Cambodian family I believe). No fuss, delicious and CHEAP! if you cannot find the place, just look for the line of people waiting in line. Don't let that deter you, service is quick and efficient!
4	This restaurant is interesting, and I like it!Basically you can get some general chinese food, wonton soup and an egg roll...or you can get a nice sandwich, with your choice of lunch meat ranging from turkey to pate to smoked salmon.  To accompany your sandwich you can add a salad, and you can even mix two salads.  The Clafouti just sales a little bit of everything...even hard boiled eggs!  You can walk out with a sandwich, a medium salad and a drink for less than $10.The food is good, quick and convenient.  I think they make their salads daily.  Highly recommend for those looking for a quick take out lunch around square victoria.
5	This place is literally tucked away in a basement.When you want a good sandwich, made the way you want it and not want to spend 15$ for it. You need to come here!The bread is crusty on the outside chewy goodness on the inside. The meats are fresh, and if you feel like having a little Pad Thai salad or spring rolls on the side, they have that too!Everything here is good, and the prices are amazingly reasonable, you can leave with a ham and brie sandwich, a soup, and salad for 10$.Please if you work in this area, look for this place and try it out! You won't regret it!!!!
5	Locals love this place because it has fast service, cheap and pretty solid and healthy options. You come here just to pick up food, there is really not a place for sitting. most customers work around the area and come here for lunch during their break. Their prices are so cheap that is hard to believe for the area. My favourite: the sushi roll...Sandwiches are fine especially when you pay 3.5. Salad bar is pretty good too. Definitely best place for a quick lunch
