5	This is not your ordinary perfume shop.  My wife has not been able to wear perfume in many years because they aggravate her allergies.  Paula, a highly skilled perfumer explained why: Most department store-grade perfumes are a lot of alcohol and chemicals and very little of the essence that makes them perfumes.  All of their products are high-quality, mostly from Europe (and surprisingly not that expensive).Paula spent the better part of an hour with my Sweet Lady Wife on a journey to find her 'signature scent'. (BTW, none of the perfumes aggravated her allergies).  When my wife had found a couple scents that she liked, Paula urged her to go for a short walk, come back and re-evaluate.  We learned that the heat of your body and contact with your skin changes the scent, so that while you may like it coming out of the bottle, you may not like it after you've been wearing it for a while.  Paula understands this and makes it part of the buying process.By the time we were done, my wife was very happy - she ad a perfume that she liked, did not bother her allergies, and was distinctively different than the stuff found in department stores.Ladies, I urge you to visit them.  Men, I urge you to bring your wives. You can have a scent that is unique and unlike what thers are wearing, and do so via a very enjoyable process that was akin to participating in a wine tasting.
5	My wife and I went here just yesterday with the intent on getting a European scent which we have normally had to buy direct from their website.  She had been recommended a different scent from the one she had previously purchased, and now she would be able to try it out before buying.We took a drive, as we live on the other end of the Valley from the shop, and poked around the Borgata until we found it.  The shop worker was quite patient, and my wife ended up with a different fragrance which she is very happy with.  I, it comes to find out, had been wearing a cologne which my wife doesn't like.  I took even longer than she did to find something we both liked.  It took me longer as I found it difficult to describe what it was that I was looking for.Our daughter was with us, and the shop lady was patient with her as she wanted to smell most everything.  Considering that we were not dressed expensive and had a exuberant 8-year old along with us, we had a excellent shopping experience.I will mention that they are on the pricey side, but not only will you get expert advice, but you will also have a wide selection which will allow you a far better chance of not smelling like the person next to you.  Sometimes you get what you pay for.
5	I walked by The Perfume Shoppe late one night and wondered in after hours. Rebecca greeted me with a smile and explained that the shop was closed but appeased me with a quick conversation about what the 'shoppe' is all about. Rebecca stated that The Perfume Shoppe was there to help each individual find their "soul-mate scent." I was intrigued and came back the next day to find my perfect aroma. After about 45 minutes of smelling samples and taking frequent olfactory (scent) breaks  WE FOUND IT! I left the store with the best smelling fragrance I have ever sniffed. (honestly)I want to sit in a corner and huff this stuff like a drug addict. I know after my experience at The Perfume Shop I'm going to have a life long hobby and love affair with fragrances. Some people collect wine, art and cigars; some collect perfumes.    If you want an education of the history, culture and chemistry of perfumes The Perfume Shoppe is a must visit. The customer service I received was unlike anything I've ever experience. I had a wonderful time. I left with a bottle of Clive Christians X for Men and a big hug from my new friend Rebecca.This place is a special hidden gem in Scottsdale. A must for perfume enthusiast and beginners. The valley is lucky to have a place like this. I will be going back!
4	I really liked this store and the variety of different perfumes available from around the world.  The store owner was very nice and helpful.  I prefer to get a sample of a perfume to wear for a couple days before I decide to buy.  Who wants a $200 bottle of perfume that you decide you dont like after a week, you know??  This store would have definitely earned 5 stars if I had walked out with a sample of something that I liked.  This  would also be good for the store because it would help me to remember what it was that I liked and I would return to buy.
5	I walked in and was immediately greeted by Rebecca and (I think) Amin (sorry if I got your name wrong!). Rebecca was finishing up an online order but Amin helped me right away. I had come in wanting to smell about 7 different ones and I felt kind of bad, thinking it might annoy them. It's just that I read about fragrances and those have been on my "to smell list" for over a year! Amin grabbed every single one, plus more he thought I'd like based on my requests. He was so helpful and I loved every single one of his suggestions (not kidding, he made some AMAZING suggestions!).When Rebecca had finished up the order, she apologized profusely for how long it had taken (it wasn't even that long, haha) and said she had overheard me mentioning Etro Heliotrope. She made several suggestions based off of that and we created a pile of about 15 perfumes on the counter! I could tell she was excited to help me, she wasn't just doing her job, she was going on a fragrance adventure with me. :)  In a turn I couldn't have predicted, I ended up smelling and loving Histoires de Parfums 1804. Gorgeous pineapple, peach, and benzoin.Perfume is not just for dates or for smelling nice, it is aromatherapy! It can take you back to your childhood, give you confidence, make you feel sensual, even weird you out. Please take the time to stop by this place and experience perfume from people that love them. Friendliness: 10/10Customer Service: 10/10Product Suggestions: 10/10Price: I know I'm paying for quality but I just had to close my eyes and sign the credit card receipt. LOLOverall Experience: 10/10
1	Friday afternoon and I showed up at 2 and there was a sign on the door saying "will return at 2". Figured they would show up any minute so I waited. 30 minutes later of sitting in the hot AZ sun and still nobody.If you are gonna run a business you shouldn't least try and  be professional. This is just absolutely ridiculous.
