3	New Greek-style incarnation of stalwart Madison greasy spoon diner formerly called Cleveland's.Greek breakfast was delicious. Gyros strips, two eggs, some warm pita triangles, tzatziki for less than $7.Wife and one of my kids ordered the "Deuce." Yeah, the waitress dropped a coupla deuces on the table. Har har. Sorry guys. It was a good deal and tasted great. 2 pancakes, 2 eggs, 2 pieces of meat, good price.Coffee was good. I took a long pull on my friend's New Glarus Spotted Cow, a regional microbrew on tap here. Breakfast of champions.Liked it a lot. Sorry I couldn't have had a Bloody Mary, which are Sundays only.
5	We love this place for breakfast- good prices and good food. I clean my plate each time.  Have gone with friends and spent three hours chatting...the waitress didn't bug us or make us feel like we had to leave.  A very chill place with TVs with a homey feeling.  Defintely not a sports bar but not a fancy restaurant- just a good place with good food.
4	I moved to the neighborhood recently.  On moving day, I needed to make some change in order to give equal tip to each of my movers.  I walked in to Plaka and, sounding kind of helpless, asked the waitress if she could break a $20.  She understood, and helped me out.  I figured we should go back for dinner that night.  The food was pretty tasty, and they gave us a free piece of baklava and a couple drink tickets to say welcome to the neighborhood.  Nice touch.  Since then I've been back a couple of times.  The food is reasonably tasty and satisfying without being overly heavy.  I particularly like the moussaka, and I the grilled seasoned vegetables they stick on the side of many of their entrees.  I haven't yet had chance to try the breakfast menu but I've heard good things and am looking forward to it.  I'm not sure what's up with the negative reviews on the service.  I've been treated fine every time.  Seems like with both negative reviews being posted on the same day, maybe the waitress in question was having a bad day?  Anyways, I like having this place around the block, so if for nothing other than selfish reasons I encourage my fellow yelpers to give it a shot!
4	I was pleased with the food for the price. We ordered Triafilos (red pepper/feta dip, yogurt/cucumber dip, fish roe dip with pita), lamb kabob and Moussaka dinner.  The dips were excellent; the fish roe dip was fresh for sure. The vegetables as part of the entree had a good variety, which was a rarity for dinner at that price. Service was good. Decor was good. Not sure why business was slow on a Thurs night.
4	This is one of my favorite restaurants for breakfast in Madison. I am not a big fan of just eggs and bacon. I like something more and Plaka II (the current name on their sign) offers more. I like there specials, but if they do not have a breakfast special, they have two choices that I really like. Try either the Rock the Casbah or the Plaka Breakfast. I really like the Plaka Breakfast the best. It has two eggs, American Fries, Gyros meat, pita and yogurt sauce. It is really good. The pita is lightly toasted and goes very well with the Gyros meat and yogurt sauce. Ann has the standard eggs, bacon and American fries and has not been disappointed. Plaka II for breakfast is worth the stop.
5	Best greasy spoon breakfast around. I've not tried any of their Greek specialties and feel a bit guilty about that, as they've recently redesigned the restaurant as a Greek tavern with the old Cleveland's breakfasts still available due to their massive popularity. Nice atmosphere and personal service, usually from the owner. Wonderful slice of local Madison goodness.
5	I heard about this place when it opened up and finally tried it Today. Went with Theodore, a good friend of mine. We both had Gyros and fries for $7.75, and it is agreed that this place is the new standard in Madison for gyros. There was a lot of meat and the cucumber sauce was great, and the pita was fresh! Quaint surroundings with a fake outer window wall and greek stuff on the walls.5 stars!
3	Loving anything that contains phyllo and/or spinach so I'm up for trying any Greek restaurant at least once for the Spanikopita or Baklava.Spanikopita was nice, used the feta from my salad to help flavor the dish even more, which I ususally do anyway, even when I make it at home.  Nice portion size, great price, quick and freindly atmosphere, just a cozy neighborhood lunch/dinner spot, came back a second time for lunch, will return whenever I visit Madison.
4	Yummy gyros and the cucumber sauce is a good as other yelpers have said.  Prices are reasonable, portions are generous and the interior is super-cozy.  We'll definitely be returning- I'm looking forward to eating my way through the menu!
3	This place is much better than it looks from the outside.  The sign looks kind of run-down so it took me awhile to try it.  I ended up going there for the first time for dinner with 7 friends.  This REALLY seemed to throw the waitress off.  I know larger parties can be more work, but the place was only half full (mostly with us).  It was really awkward to get our seating arrangement taken care of, and all that was needed was to push two tables together and grab a couple chairs. Everyone was happy with their food though.  I had the Greek salad with peppers, tomatoes, olives, and feta.  It was delicious, and came with a generous helping of pita.  I did eat a few salads just like it when I was in Greece.  On that same trip I ate a lot of baked feta, but sadly Plaka doesn't have that on the menu.  The drinks were a bit of a let down, I got mine at the happy hour price so that made it easier to handle.  The drink I had was called "Athens is Burning", which had vodka and a strawberry puree (more like a syrup).  It tasted OK (strong at first), but the puree didn't mix in very well.  One of my friend's had the "Goddess Nectar" which she said tasted good, but was a bit too sweet and weak (hey, we like to drink).  When it came time for the bill, it was also more complicated than was necessary.  She split it into 2 parts (though wouldn't do separate checks for everyone, which for 7people I get, but then why do 2?).  I will definitely go back to Plaka for dinner, but with less people and will skip the cocktails.  I
5	Ok, so the front of the building is not that inviting, but you walk into a cozy, warm, and welcoming dining room/bar.  Staff always greets us with a smile.  So let's talk about the food.  Plaka is one of my most favorite restaurants in the greater Madison area.  The pita is something to write home about, soft, fresh, slightly chard, drizzled with extra virgin olive oil, and sprinkled with dried oregeno.  Pita comes with many dishes, but you can always order a side of pita (it goes with everything).  The roasted red pepper- feta dip is outstanding.  I consider myself an excellent home cook, but I have been unable to replicate it.  The gyro; (what most of us know as greasy and ultimately gassy at State Fairs) is outstanding at Plaka!  Beef/lamb meat combo is moist, soft, tender, and loaded on top of those outstanding pitas with homemade yogurt-cucumber sause, tomato is always fresh and onion never overpowering.  Everything else is excelent, prices are good, happy hour is a bonus, outdoor seating, and good beer selection. Plaka is the greek comfort food of Madison.
4	I had a mixed experience, but it was more good than bad so I'll go with 4 stars.We arrived at lunch on a weekday and there weren't many people in there.  The server was a little too busy chatting with someone at the bar to bring us water or take our orders at first.  I was starting to think that maybe I was supposed to order at the bar when he started paying attention to us.  At that point I was resolved to a 3 star review at best.Then the food came.  I had a falafel wrap with a side of fries and it was really quite good.  I like my falafel warm and soft in the center and crunchy on the outside, and this falafel did not disappoint.  The portions also weren't gigantic, between the wrap I was satiated but not overstuffed.The server was friendly and attentive after that initial flap so I couldn't really stay mad.  Overall I'd say it's a pretty nice place for Greek food.
4	Thanks for the help, Yelp!I was looking through reviews to find a new breakfast option, and I saw that many people were happy with Plaka(formerly Cleveland's). My man had enjoyed a good greasy breakfast or two from the former restaurant, and they still offer the standby Cleveland a.m. dishes. I, however, opted for the Plaka breakfast which was two eggs, potatoes, gyro meat and pita(and of course a yummy yogurt sauce). Brilliant.  It's like breakfast AND lunch(and trust me...it's a BIG portion). The breakfast sandwich looked good, too.  Did I mention that our order was out lickety-split??? Awesome!
4	Go cheap but quality breakfast!
1	Salmonella omelette!About half way through my omelette I find RAW egg. I mean. I'm not just talking yoke here. Which is totally fine with me. I can deal with raw yoke. But this was clear. Clear not cooked egg. I was so grossed out I stopped eating it. When the server came around and said something to the effect of "oh, you couldn't finish the rest?" and I said "it had raw egg in it, which is kind of gross" the server says "oh, guess they were just in a hurry to finish your meal" and then walked away. NOT impressed. Would never recommend it to anyone.
5	I continue to believe and stand by my earlier post, but I need to opportunity to comment on breakfast.  The greek breakfast: gyro meat, potatoes, cool cucumber yogurt sauce, eggs(mine have always been perfectly cooked), and homemade pita are a little bit of salty breakfast heaven.  My hubby enjoys the blueberry pancakes; filled with fresh berries, even in the winter.
4	Greek food roams in one of two packs: it's either terrible or it's fantastic.Plaka's lunch menu belongs in the latter. Rarely have I ever enjoyed a perfectly portioned gyro plate and salad with such fervor. My gyro was drippy but not oozing and the salad had the right balance of olives and feta. My friends, however, won out with the platter: gyro meat, falafel, stuffed grape leaves, babaganoush, hummus. It was all fresh and delicious. True to eating in Madison, our service was also friendly and prompt.Bottom line: Cleveland's has gone Greek, and I couldn't be happier.
5	I've eaten breakfast at Plaka every single Saturday for going on 4 years. Never gets old, never had a bad meal here, ever.Get the breakfast sandwich, best one in town.
5	I can describe the breakfast sandwich at Plaka in one word: HEAVEN! It's described as an egg sandwich on an English muffin with cheese and the option of meat (bacon or sausage). But the true description should read as this: fluffy white clouds of bread that have been lightly crisped on the edges by a grill, that surrounds a perfectly-portioned layer of egg, coated in the warmth of an unpretentious cheesy goo. There's only one tip to advise here: the sandwich is served with it's top off - maybe to let me marvel on my order before eating it? Once the sandwich is in front of you, immediately place it's top on the sandwich and wait about a 30 seconds to let it heat up the cheese (American cheese reacts perfectly to this tip) to the right amount of goo. Then dig in. I personally savor each bite as if talking to God Himself - this is, after-all, my Sunday morning ritual. Praise be!A side of "American Fries" comes with this meal - I am originally from the South and truly hate what Northerners have done to my traditional "hashbrowns" BUT Plaka delivers on this one too. I just can't be mad at someone for mixing thinly sliced potatoes with fried onions on a grill  - the medley is usually (4 out of 5 times) a hit with perfect temperature, crisp, and flavor. My own other version of this meal includes their french toast - you see I usually like to have something sweet in the meal to say it was a "whole" experience - part of my "guide to judging a breakfast establishments." This french toast is good, not great. It would not be it's main attraction, but it does a nice job to compliment the salty-er stuff. Just the right hint of toast, egg and syrup - nothing stuffed nor fancy here, but it doesn't need to be. Ps. My friends love the meat part to this sandwich, and the other favorite of the meat eaters is the "Rock the Casbah" - kind of like egg scrambler with meat. I personally have had the veggie lunch appetizer - way delicious! these guys are from Greece and they relaunched this restaurant as Plaka with a new mission to serve good Greek food - can't go wrong! I don't eat meat, but it looks and smells like the good stuff, the hummus and falafel were amazing! Also want to give a shoutout to the waitstaff - they know us by now, but they are always friendly, maybe that's their downfall (to the previous reviewers)? But my cup of coffee never goes cold or down very far, and they are always energetic with trying out new morning beverages (fresh squeezed OJ) and cocktails (always a bloody mary - it's good). Plaka is by far my #1 in Madison. Enough options to browse, but not too many to get lost in - and I've been eating there for 4 yrs without a raw egg (neither mine nor friends' ). Go there and get the sandwich.
3	Ate here about a month ago when I had an intense gyro craving.  This place fit the bill, but was nothing to write home about.  Just good greek food.
2	I've always wanted to stop in; the spray painted sign has been piquing my interest for some time. Finally, I went for brunch yesterday, and was underwhelmed. The inside is cozy, with about 12 tables and a small bar.I had the gyros omelet, which was pretty bland and wouldn't have been edible except for the cucumber sauce. The bloody mary had so many solid spices that it was like drinking silt - kind of gross. Service was okay - they were friendly.
5	I've had their "Cleveland's" breakfast many times and it is perfect every time. The best eggs and sausage breakfast in town. I don't know how they do it, but their scrambled eggs are the best I've ever had. I've tried to duplicate it at home without success. I get the same thing every time I go. Scrambled eggs with sausage, potatoes and toast with a side of Guinness. Yum!
4	Stopped by here from a friend's recommendation Good food, great atmosphere. The SoS was awesome, plus good beer & drinks for breakfast, who can complain?
5	Gyros were excellent. Perfectly juicy and seasoned. Topping it with a fried egg was just icing on the cake. I'm trying to think of a reason not to give it 5 stars, but I just can't. Nothing much to tell you other than that Plaka Taverna undoubtedly serves the best gyro in Madison.
5	I should give Plaka 1 star for spoiling every other Greek restaurant for me. It was the perfect place. Everything was delicious. There were times I did 2-a-days at Plaka; I ate there for a sloppy hangover American breakfast, and then came back for a gyro for dinner. I moved across the country and at the end of every Greek meal I try. I put down my napkin, sigh, and say, "Well, it's no Plaka". Their dolmades are delicious. I could eat them like popcorn. Their tzatziki was awesome and that red pepper feta dip I could literally eat with a spoon.I miss you so much, Plaka.
5	Great place for Greek food!  I haven't had anything on the menu I didn't like, but can't seem to stray from the heavenly gyros.  Last night was the first time we dined on the patio--great for summer weather although the chairs could have been slightly more comfortable.We've been for lunch and dinner, but not yet breakfast.  Now that they have a rewards card ($1 spent per point, 200 pts = $10 gift certificate) I think we'll have to find more excuses to come back.
5	My favorite place for Greek food in Mad. The owner is just as delightful as the cuisine. I think everything here is good so I will not bother with individual recommendations.
3	The three dip appetizer was definitely my favorite part. Everything else, though, was fairly mediocre. I got the Taverna combo, which consisted of some rice wrapped in grape-leaves, with a vinegary taste that really didn't belong, gyro meat that was waaaay too salty, falafels which weren't bad, olives, feta cheese, tomatoes and tzatziki sauce. I mean, based off of the food alone, I would have gladly given it 4 stars. However, when the check came, we assumed tip wasn't included, as the receipt didn't include anything about gratuity. A few of us tipped early, while the others were hesitant due to the higher than expected prices. One of the people in our group asked, and it turns out 18% gratuity was already included in our checks. However, no mention of that was given earlier, nor did the checks say anything about it.I really don't mind the extra few dollars, but I'm more concerned with visibility. Most people aren't going to just ask their waiters if tip is included, because that's just not a common thing to do. At least tell us you included tip so we don't have to guess and doubt...
5	Cozy place with authentic Greek menu.  Very helpful staff.  Give it a try.
5	Best breakfast in madison, about to head there again.
3	I like to claim I'm a New Yorker by birth--which is true--but even more truthful is that I grew up in NJ.Anyone from Jersey knows that we have an extraordinarily vast and proud diner culture--almost all operated by Greeks. Every town has a legit diner, and a lot of them are even quite famous!Now, I saw Plaka Taverna's breakfast menu and was skeptical--because it's in Madison--but decided to go anyways. Verdict? A-ok.Negatives: Well, they charged me for coffee. Yeah, it was only $1.25, but if a diner in NJ charged for coffee, they'd go out of business. Minus points for me. The eggs over easy I got were cooked fairly well, except the whites weren't cooked all the way through. Again, minus points.Pluses: Outstanding service, great home fries, and it had a breakfast diner feel. The whole thing was $8 with tip. Again, quite pricey. An NJ diner this is not. The food was decent, but I'm iffy on whether I'd go back--especially at these prices, and even more so when Sophia's is a few blocks away and only a dollar or so more.
5	Oh my god!  We finally were dragged here by good friends as part of a rotating/touring breakfast club.  We always go someplace different for breakfast on the weekends.  Well this is their favorite place and we finally agreed to go.  I would be more than happy to only ever eat here for our breakfast club again!  The food was amazing and the atmosphere was great as well.We walked in to a small restaurant with a great vibe, lots of laughter and great smells.  I looked at the menu and was torn between the Modern Scot, Rock the Casbah and the special.  I eventually decided on the special of the day.  It was a huevos candindita scrambler I beleive.  It was fantastic.  It was so light and fresh with scrambled eggs, cilantro, tomatoes and more.  My partner got the rock the casbah and he loved it.  He should have asked for more of the seasonings (which a friend got and suggested).  It smelled great. Our other friend got her standard Modern Scot.  I had a bite and it was fantastic.  It is the best breakfast sandwich I've ever had.  The bread is this soft fluffy yet toasted ciabatta type bread with amazing warm melted cheese and egg.  All meals came with their hash browns which are also amazing.  They are light, fluffy and not greasy at all.  I also had a bloody mary with no chaser and it was very good.  I'm very picky with my bloody marys and it was very good, not the best I've had (Titletown Brewery in Green Bay, WI by the way with Jacs in Madison as a runner up).  It had great spice with horseradish.  We also got a side of gyro meat for the table to share.  I could have had a plate of this as my meal.  The seasonings were AMAZING and was so juicy and tender.My partner and I actually aren't the biggest fans of breakfast, which I know.....is weird that we do this breakfast club.  But we would eat breakfast here everyday!
4	BEST greek place in town.It's comfort food. Homely welcome from owners and long time servers. Greek posters and magazines sprawled all over the shop, and you feel like you're in GREECE.Food? awesome. I can't say anything i don't like in Plaka. Meats, done to perfection, flavorful and juicy tender good. They manage to get me, a no-lamb gal, to eat lamb/beef gyros EVERY SINGLE TIME I'm there. What more can I say?Chicken kabobs, lamb/beef gyros, pita, grilled cheese (omg it's a secret dish??)Drinks. goddess nectar for the sweet lover, best sweet cocktail I've had. It deceivingly tastes like juice. Come if you're in the mood for comfort food. yummm
4	Ordered lunch here on a recommendation from a co-worker. I am on a carb restricted diet, so I ordered 3 ala carte Gyros, thinking I would be eating the filling but not the pita bread. We arrived at the time they specified and the food was ready to go. Brought it back to the office and was surprised at the large portion for the affordable price. I could only eat half of what I had ordered, and the flavor was incredible. Will defintiely be going back!
5	The is the best breakfast in Madison. The food is always perfect (we've been loyal since it was Cleavland's, but I'm now partial to the gyro-meat, two sunny-side up eggs, potatoes, and pita breakfast, which I'm pretty sure only showed up when they changed the name to "Plaka.")The service is always wonderful, and there's something just great about their dining room on a weekend morning, all filled up with light from the big lake-facing windows!
4	Good greek restaurant, nice ambiance, outstanding Gyros.
3	Good food but not what I expect when I search "breakfast". Always a little thrown off when I am wanting an American breakfast and walk into a Greek restaurant!   Nice friendly staff, just no eggs Benedict!
4	Today we had a great breakfast at Plaka!Everyone in the place looked happy to be here-There was one fellow waiting on tables who acted resentful about being at work but his snappy irritated attitude did not do anything major to us personally (though it took one star off the five possible stars he could have helped earn for his team). We enjoyed 2 Plaka breakfasts and 2 breakfast sandwiches which were quick to arrive and really tasty. Bloody Marys with local chaser ales were goood!!!Where else but in Madison can you get a classy breakfast for 4 plus 3 bloody Marys for $36 but in Mad City.....
4	Gyros were very good! Meaty, with lots of tzatziki sauce. Possibly the best part about the meal was how much we enjoyed the tzatziki. It had a wonderful cucumber hint with the tart of yogurt. Not too thick but not runny either. Atmosphere was neat as well. Slightly off the square, you're not far from the lake, and there is a little less bustle here than on the square. They also serve breakfast items such as pancakes, French toast, bacon, and omelettes.
4	Plaka is a good, but basic place to get breakfast, especially if you're on a budget.  I don't have very many words to say about this place, but it does everything pretty well.  The setting is Greek, but more that they have a lot of Greek style things on their walls rather than a real atmosphere that omits "Greek" to you.  I'm perfectly fine with that though, as it hints enough at what to expect of the place.  In addition, they have a patio area open during the warmer seasons, which is great for catching some fresh air while you're dining.As for the service:  I'm a fan, because it's quick and you're being served by some nice folks.  It's not over the top nice, but they get the job done with a smile, and that's sufficient for me.The breakfast menu is somewhat basic, but it's executed well.  It has all of the essentials, and some items have a Greek twist (i.e: Gyro Omelets, getting Pita bread instead of toast as a side).  I'm a sucker for breakfast potatoes, and the ones they serve here always satisfy my craving.The big thing for me about Plaka is that for what you pay, you get a very solid experience.  I've never spent less than $10 total on a meal there, which I can't say about very many other places that are actually good.  It's a great alternative for breakfast if Mickie's Dairy Bar is too far or crowded.Overall, i'm giving Plaka a 4, because I would definitely recommend it to most people I know.  However, Plaka's not a very unique place, nor does it take very many risks.  Because of that, I wouldn't a call a place you HAVE to go to, but a place that does the basics well.
4	Breakfast for two for under $20? Done. In addition to irresistible authentic Greek fare these guys have a solid (more American) brunch situation that was delish.
3	Feta red pepper dip is good if you don't like fish eggs switch it out for either the cucumber dip or roasted red pepper .. Saganaki was delish as well
5	This is the easiest review in Madison. The food, service, and atmosphere are all on point. They take what they have and put out a great product at the right price. Check out their menu, and if they have something you like, you'll like it here.Protip: go on a nice day in the summer and sit in the back patio area.
3	My experience at Plaka was fine, but nothing to write home about. A friend and I shared the Moussaka and the Tilapia, and had a few of the hummus appetizers. The hummus and pitas were excellent. The tilapia was also nicely prepared and served with vegetables in a very basic preparation. While I have no frame of reference for Moussaka (it's sort of an eggplant lasagna) this tasted like something you could make at home, but not in that amazing home-cooked comfort food kind of way. Mostly it was just "meh". To top it off, our waitress was not super friendly and I felt like we were rushed to get out of the restaurant even though it was only 8:45 when we left.
4	The food here is delicious, but I wish they had more authentic Greek foods like taramasalata and gigante beans. It sounds like they sometimes offer these items, but I wish these items were on the regular menu. There is outdoor seating, and the wait staff are courteous and friendly. The prices are reasonable too.
5	My favorite falafel in Madison! I also love the hummus, and well, everything I've had there. Unlike most reviewers I've never been for breakfast, but it's one of my go-to lunch places - enough so that the owner recognizes me and my falafel-addicted friends. Friendly, warm service, great food, beautiful patio, yes please.
