3	Another FTR? I can't resist.Yes it's Ross. You can Dress For Less, or so the slogan goes. For me, their stores never seem to have what I need when I need it. I guess it's a seasonal thing. Still, it's a great place to pick up cheap clothing. I've also shopped there for luggage and random home goods. This particular store is in a great location too. It's right by Michael's, Bed Bath & Beyond, and Marshall's.
3	I come here a lot for convenience sake, but it is not my favorite store. It's really feast or famine here. Sometimes they are very well stocked, like during the holidays or just before the season changes and other times there is nothing there to browse through. I often leave empty handed or head next door to Marshall's because they don't always have the most orderly lines or efficient checkout process.
3	I don't come to this Ross for clothes, instead I prefer the one near McCarran Airport. Instead I like this one for house goods. Picture frames, mirrors, and kitchenware are always plentiful. Not only that, but the deals are good as well. The lines can get ridiculously long and I do not envy any cashiers that have to work here, but they try their best. With only two people, it will take time to get through, but I find enough stuff for housewarming gifts that it makes up for it.
4	For a discount store its a good one. Its a discount store people, you expect lines, to dig through your size for just a few items, and sometimes they have zero selection. All of these things happen, and have happened at this store, but it is expected. I find this store to be relatively clean, the staff is nice, and the store is organized relatively well.Tip: Friday and Saturday early mornings I have the best luck at this store.
4	In general, all the Ross, always expect that the place is not necessarily messy, but always piled on the racks and it is up to you to find what you are looking for and what fits you the best.Came to this store as it is closest to my house and perfect location to get my other shoppings done within the same plaza. The prices are always affordable and reasonable as compared to other places. I also noticed compared to other Ross stores I've been to, there is much more selection for furniture, shoes, and branded bags for a cheaper price.  Clothes it really depends on what you are looking for.If you are shopping for clothes, it is best to have a mind set of what you are planning on purchasing that way it would be easier for you to locate through the various aisles. If you are just looking, do not expect to always come out from the store purchasing something.Also, I noticed there are various times of the month they are restocking and other times they are pulling the stock, so sometimes it is a little emptier Ross than usual. Other times, there is stock everywhere.
2	Bombed out and depleted is the best way to describe this location. I mean i've found larger selections of dress shirts and ties at locations smack in the middle of what could be considered the 'hood'.Didnt find ANYTHING useful at all while wondering the isles. When i almost did find something it was missing  vital components rending it useless unless you're the jury-rigging type. Maybe they didnt stock anything for a Tuesday, maybe there was nothing to stock. Same with the Marshalls, dont see me coming back to this location unless a tour bus of super models broke down and they were doing bikini car-washes to raise money to fix the bus. Even then this fantasy is still flawed...what would they be doing at a Ross in the first place!?Yelp 100 - 008 of 100
3	I don't go out of my way to stop here unless I need something from another store in the complex because it is always messy and seems to be pretty picked through. I do love Ross and its prices though and If I do find something, its because Ive been there for a long time picking through stuff.
4	I dont seem to have luck at all when it comes to clothing as it feels the nicer stuff gets picked through faster here, but the selection in home stuff is one of the better ones. I find a lot better selection on bedding, decor and kitchen items that I rarely leave empty handed in that aspect. I've found some nice jewelry organizers, towels, lamps, bedsheet sets and various kitchen utensils and cutting boards here.Since it's in a busy shopping center, I feel the experience varies though. Sometimes it's pretty organized and other times it's a fucking mess. I work for a company that vendors at a store nearby and the fact that some of the top grossing stores are down here means this get hit hard probably just like work does. It's not really the associates fault as you can only do so much when people suck at consideration.  Even though I live across town, I end up near this area and make a stop.
