2	The Palms is a fabulous property, however the Spa is rather small and unimpressive in comparison to all the other mega-resorts in Vegas.  I did luck out and get one of the best masseuses I've ever had in my life.   His technique was superb as his hands melted away the tension I had in my neck, shoulders, and back.  I floated back to the locker room to enjoy the rest of the facility to find my locker had been broken into and my wallet stolen!  I was shocked to also find the locker room was left unattended for extended periods of time!  I've been to several Spas in Las Vegas and ones even smaller didn't leave the locker rooms unattended.  I had to run downstairs in my robe to get someone to help me and call security.   Finally the locker room attendant emerged only to say she didn't see anything because she wasn't there.  I was not impressed with the level of customer service I received after this happened.  I had to stay and fill out a report then was instructed to go to downtown Las Vegas to fill out another report with the Police.  No one from the Palms has ever followed up with me in regard to this matter and no apologies were made either.   The only reason I gave 2 out of 5 stars in this rating is because of the fabulous masseuse, whose name I forgot in the chaos that followed.  Be warned, the Spa at the Palms leaves their locker rooms unattended!
5	I am sad for the people who had horror stories about this place!  I have been going there since they opened on my trips to Vegas and always got the VIP service.  Autumn gives the most relaxing facial and I always leave feeling great.  It is smaller than most other spas, but my idea of relaxation doesn't involve 50+ other women trying to do the same thing.
4	Beautiful spa. Pretty standard and very nice and classy, but compared to Qua it's nothing. We got a couples massage and it was really pretty lame. I felt terrible because it was my boyfriend's first massage and I really wanted him to have a good experience. Ah, well, the spa itself was worth it, I suppose...it's just hard to enjoy it when I know I COULD HAVE BEEN AT QUA. But you should all go here. Because if you all go here, maybe prices at Qua will stay reasonable and I'll hang out there all by my lonesome stress free self.
1	FYI it's $70 for a pedicure and $20 for a polish change.
1	Very poor experience. I scheduled a body scrub and a facial in person for the following day. I showed my credit card and ID to guarantee per their request. I requested a male therapist.  When I arrived, I was told to go to the mens area. No attendant present. After 10 to 15 minutes, one showed up and told they could not find I made an appointment. I went back down and waited for a therapist to show. That took time. A female therapist came because no male therapist was available. The scrub came first and was basically a superficial massage. Then I had to wait more time for a therapist for the facial which was OK. The place is nice but nothing remarkable compared to other spas in LV and other cities. The front desk staff was cold and distant. Never again. No wonder the hotel is in financial troubles.
2	I visited here over the summer. I'm a frequent flier at the Palms, so I booked some spa services. I want to be pretty clear about giving such a low score. I didn't want to. I love the Palms and they are very good to me there. However, it wasn't a great experience and I can't recommend this spa for myself (again) or others.Spa - Customer Service - nobody greeted me at the door, just pointed to the sheet to sign in - was given general directions to find the men's lounge after sign-in and again, nobody helped- when I arrived in the men's lounge, the attendant was anything but, leaving me to sort out my own stuff- when leaving folks generally seemed grumpy- the lady who actually did the spa services was nice, but very abruptSpa - Cleanliness- whoever happens to be in charge of cleaning up the showers and such there should probably be let go due to mold in the showers and steam room- severe mold in the steam room; as in gross red moldOn the plus side, it was pretty cheap, and very convenient.So I would say:If you're staying here and not planning on using any of the provided amenities, then by all means, take advantage of the cheap prices and get whatever you need done, done.On the other hand, if you're all about "the experience" then head elsewhere pronto. There are any number of higher end spa's in Las Vegas, all of whom would be happy for your business.
4	Went today with 2 gal pals with a Jetsetter coupon $135 for a massage and facial.  From booking to check out we had a great time.  The morning of the appointment I received a call saying their facialist  called in sick and they apologized profusely. They gave us the option of canceling or a body scrub (upgrade from a facial). Since we were in town for only a couple of days we chose the scrub. I admit when we arrived at the spa I was already a bit ticked off but the moment we hit the reception desk my mood changed. The receptionist apologized again and the manager Justin appeared and did as well. We were then greeted by two lovely ladies who gave us a tour of the spa. I have been to more glamorous, larger and perhaps more upscale spas but I have never felt more welcomed. The facilities were very clean, well stocked and easy to navigate. My massage was AMAZING and my scrub very good. Lunch at the restaurant across the hall was delicious. I highly recommend this spa.  Not pretentious or stuffy. The staff all the way around were 5 stars.
5	Purchased two travelzoo vouchers, each for a facial and a massage. When we arrived at the Palms the valet look irritated that he had to leave his cell phone to collect our car so we were wary of our experience. We easily found the spa and were greeted with a warm welcome and bright smile. That goes along way to lifting a mood.  We were disappointed to find put that there was no coed facilities and were then separated onto two completely different floors. The spas were nice but nothing spectacular. There was a jacuzzi, a cold water plunge, a rain shower, and a deluge shower.  Also was a sauna and steam room. The entire facility was small but the pregnant attendant was gracious, helpful and very friendly.  The lounge was awkward. There was a sofa that was not very comfortable but stylish and there was tea, juice and trail mix and of course water. The problem was, there was no side table to put your cups on once you serve yourself. You had to hold them and your magazine. The services on the other hand were spectacular!  The massage was relaxing and thorough. The masseuse offered suggestions on how to ease inflammation in my back and feet and had perfect pressure the entire time. I would have fallen asleep on her table but I found her so enjoyable that we chatted the entire time I was on the table. My facial was also great. I explained my concerns to the esthetician and she offered great advice.  At the end my face felt clean and refreshed. Great job staff. 4 stars for the facility.  5 stars for you!!!!!
