5	I absolutely LOVE this place. Their doughnuts are always good. I usually get the safe looking ones and the wonderful lady working there gave me some different ones for free to expand my favorites list! Man am I happy she did! I don't think I could do without the glazed buttermilk! The staff if so friendly and ready to help you decide what sinful treats you'd like to put in your Box O Heaven and take home to enjoy. I have cut pretty much all unhealthy treat from my diet but I REFUSE to let go of my Bosa! I a Bosa addict for life!
2	Here is the breakdown - 4 stars for donuts and coffee. Both were fresh and good3 stars for staff. Competent but slightly rude. 0 stars for charging 50 cents for using a credit card. This is a poor business practice and I won't be back because of it.
4	Boss a donuts. The BOSS in the east valley. I love their donuts. I grew up on Dunkin Donuts living in Boston as a young man. I absolutely love local donut shops because they have one ingredient that chains do not....LOVE! I have even recently had Top Pot in Seattle and BoSa ranks right up there with my favorites. Another fantastic place is Kay May in Peoria. BoSa has fantastic glazes. Light fluffy and sweet. Great cake donuts. Fluffy and delicious. The blueberry glazed are delicious. The chocolate chocolates are my favorite and dee licious. They have croissant sandwiches that are absolutely off the hook good. Try BoSa if you want to know who is the BOSS of donuts in the east valley.
4	When I was in college, I used to go to this locally owned donut shop near my dorm, and later on, apartment.  They were open all hours of the night, and had a huge selection of pastries n coffee to choose from.  This place reminds me of that!The pro's of this place are many.  It's locally owned, they have amazing hours, (5AM to 11PM if I am correct?) and are easy to find.  I think this place used to be a Taco Bell many moons ago, and sat empty for a long time....until these guys moved in.Cons arent to bad, but I've only been there once, so I cant really think of any.  Thier prices are fair, they have a great selection of donuts and coffee, and even offer combos!  When I was here, I got the 2 donut and coffee combo and didn't even spend $4!  woohoo.Will most likely return in the future!
4	Bosa is the only place i will go buy donuts from in Arizona unless someone gives me a taste of someplace better out here(which i doubt). I myself have tried donuts from all the different grocery stores except whole foods/sprouts if they even had any(which i doubt as well). I even used to fry donuts at safeway 2 years ago(not a good idea with how big of a klutz i am and how anal retentive i can be) plus safeway has you do things their way, so if i wanted to be creative it was frowned upon. So i know how tiring it is and annoying and just not fun.  So i totally understand why donut places in general are not always 110% pleasant.If you have whiney customers you aren't gonna have the best service. Bosa's donuts are even more amazing when they are fresh they kind of remind me of krispy kreme but huge and not as expensive! That is what we call a great deal people!! I am always down for great deals on things!If a place charges 50 cents to swipe your card and you don't like it TOOOOO BADDDDDD! SHUT UP & STOP AT THE BANK BEFORE YOU GO TO ANY BOSA DONUT SHOP!  SO TO ALL OF YOU WHO DON'T LIKE IT THEN YOU AREN'T SUPPORTING THEIR BUSINESS. I am sure that if you own your own restaurant it is not cheap to give people deals on great quality donuts so their will be a catch of some sort. so STOP at the bank before or bring some pocket change from home it isn't that difficult! Honestly. I swear there are too many dumb idiots breathing today with no common sense of grasping the whole picture of things.Bosa is awesome just bring some change with you!!!Power to the great businesses and not giving the Beth idiot GREAT customer service (because apparently based on her 8 reviews no place is stellar) because she does not deserve it with her narrow minded mentality and high expectations. just my opinion and i got my right to that 1st amendment just sayin!
4	This is by far my favorite place to get donuts. The cake donuts are AMAZING! We don't get donuts too often but when we do we make sure to come here. I live within walking distance of a Dunkin Donuts but choose to drive here instead. The donuts are always fresh and delicious! There have been times when we've gone through the drive-through and I thought the staff was a little short and rude but I don't think that's intentional. A few weeks ago we decided to go inside and got a donut and chocolate milk for our toddler. Neeless to say she dumped it all over the table and I thought for sure I would get the stink eye from the staff. On the contrary they were very nice and helpful and not at all bothered by the whole situation. I was surprised at how kind they were about it which makes me think that they don't realize how they sometimes come off as being a little rude. As far as the charge for using your card, I don't really care about that. I know that they get charged every time they run a card so I don't mind covering that for them since they sell incredible donuts at reasonable prices. Overall this is the best place I've found for donuts. It beats the chain donut places and store-bought donuts can't hold a candle to them. Try the crumb donuts. They are to die for!
5	This place has never disappointed me. Whether i use the drive-thru or walkin inside. I stack up on a dozen and love how a few more always find there way inside. The donuts are light and airy and dont feel weighted down if you get a creme filled. The frosting on top arent over sugary. Love the bear claws and always having chocolate milk on hand to wash it down with is a plus. Before i leave the parking lot im usually missing a few donuts.
4	Bought these for my son's birthday. They were pretty good
4	Great spot for donuts and coffee, Im a tried and true NY'er this hits the spot. The Jalapeno and Cheese Croissants are amazing. They do Ice Cream, MIlkshakes, Smoothies and Boba.Management is very nice and welcoming. They also have some very unique options as far as donuts go, tiger tails are great !
3	I'm writing on my husband's account.  As a pregnant woman seeking to satisfy a craving, I wasn't extremely impressed. I went through the drive through after visiting BoSa on Yelp, So I had my order written down on a piece of paper. The nice gentleman got my order wrong even after that! :/ okay I can deal, but really?!?So no cake crumb donut for me I guess, since I'm home.  The chocolate bars were soft (and yes, better than grocery chains) The glazed donut was also better than a grocer - perhaps not as good as Krispy Creme, but I like how those melt in your mouth.  The one I've tried so hard to get something to fit my craving is the "double chocolate" ...and yet nobody anywhere In AZ makes these cripples like Salt Lake Donut! Nobody.  I'd drive to Salt Lake just for those!  BoSa's was just "alright" def a 3 star donut. So still I hunt for a good chocolate chocolate cake donut. Bummer!!!!Also the dozen donut holes are .50 cents cheaper than "19th Donut Hole"... But 19th Donut Hole has got their glazed holes down... Yummy!!! BoSa didn't quite cut it there either.Oh and FYI - I didn't eat all of this!! I used a knife & cut pieces off of each :) LOL
4	Fresh donuts everyday that are cheap!  Great variety and i never get the "yucky feeling" after i eat 2.  Not sure what is it but i eat this all day. but i choose to calm myself after 1. hahaha.  Pros-cheap donuts-fresh-coffee and even ice creamCons-hard to get too-meh exterior (but nothing too bad)
5	Donuts here are the bomb! I have never gotten anything else, no need! Donuts are cheap, fresh, and delicious! That is all i am going to say!
4	BoSA has some of the best donuts around! I love stopping in for a dozen to bring into the office.  I love the devil's food, boston creme and their old fashioned.  Soooo yummy!
2	They have my daughter a really stale hard donut and they were out of croissants. This location is cleaner than the others and they have great customer service, but the donuts we got just weren't very good. Maybe it was an off day.
4	First time going there. Got myself a glaze buttermilk and chocolate devils food cake with a hot chocolate. The donuts were good and the hot chocolate too. Only thing I didn't like is that the guy didn't fill my cup all the way!
4	Ok, ignore the drive-through their English is not perfect and this does not translate well across a crappy microphone. I take it upon myself to park and go inside to ensure I get what I want. I used to think their donuts were the best thing to buy here, but I am completely mistaken. Don't get me wrong, they are good (crispy cream makes a better Boston cream, but it is comparable otherwise), but the thing to buy there is there cheese and meat stuffed croissants.......oh...my...word; they are amazing. I may never buy donuts there again unless I have some serious craving to outweigh my desire for their croissants. So buttery and flakey, I avoided these in the past because I judged the crappy exterior and assumed that any croissant they would attempt to make would not compare to a bakery, but I was wrong. These are better than many bakery's that I have tried. I hope you get there early enough in the morning to try some before they have all been bought out. Currently $2.89 for a ham and cheese croissant btw.
4	We went to Bosa Donuts for a little treat around 9:40 pm and the place was empty. There were still donuts available but they didn't even make maple long johns that day! I thought that was a standard? The donuts we did get were pretty yummy! Favorite part was the outdoor seating and summer time chillin with a donut at 10 pm!
4	I heart Bosa. Best in valley! Only reason they get 4 stars and not 5 is the coffee situation. As great as the doughnuts are the coffee is wack-tastic.
3	Hey not bad . In and out type of place. People where nice to me .  I'll use them again .  Really nice.
4	We ordered a dozen from here. All the donuts were great except for the cream filled. It was gooey in the middle so we through them away. Stay away from that but otherwise I really liked it and will be coming back.
