5	We used Abraham Limo for our most recent event  (200 attendees). The professionalism was extraordinary from arrival until departure, everyone from the dispatcher to the drivers were spectacular. I highly recommend.
5	We just got back from Vegas and had to share a great experience we had. My girlfriend surprised me by having a limo pick us up from the airport. She had reserved it for the weekend, so I thought let's do a little bit of everything. So Friday night we had dinner and saw an exclusive show, and afterwards the driver took us to some hidden night spots. Then Saturday morning we got picked up at the hotel and taken to a breathtaking golf course. And Saturday night, we went to 3 awesome clubs. On Sunday, he sadly took us to the airport, where we eventually stepped out of the limo. We even hugged him goodbye. Awesome limos, first class service and they were affordable too. Abraham Limo, we will be back!
5	The company I work for has used Abraham Limo Service many times over the past few years when we have clients coming to Las Vegas from out of town. They have always been very professional and their prices are very competitive. Some of our requests are urgent last minute requests and they always come thru for us. I would highly recommend them to anyone looking for luxury transportation in Las Vegas.
5	Abraham limo services are the most reliable transportation provider in Las Vegas. The owner Abraham is an old school style owner/operator who runs his business with word is his bond commitment. Being a small business owner myself, transportation services are very important to our guests. We have used Abraham for many years and even before he started his own company. There is one story to share that will shed light into the type of person he is. Even though he always provided excellent service this is one time that sticks out the most and how he earned our business forever. We had a request from a private air client who was coming to Las Vegas for the CES convention and traveling with folks in which business he was attempting to earn. His assistant had been trying to arrange ground transportation for them to no avail. The guest called me in a panic as his flight was scheduled to land in just a couple days. He kept saying "I can't fly in a private jet and take cab to the hotel"!! After letting him know I would contact my transportation expert and get back to him, I got Abraham on the phone. After proving him the flight info Abraham said "consider it done". I said Abraham are you sure?, this guest has been trying to book transportation for over a week and it's a sensitive situation. He said "if I have to use my wife's Range Rover and pick him up myself (which he did not have too) it will get done. The guest could not believe it was taking care of so quickly and was more than super thankful. It is strategic partnerships like this that provide extra value in the services we provide and put us in the position to earn clients business for life. For that I will always be thankful to Abraham and the staff that helps him run his business. All around good people that will  listen to the exact needs of an individual guest transportation needs and always go the extra mile to provide the appropriate solution.
1	Very rude phone operator. I spoke to a women on the phone 2 different times. The first time the women was actually helpful. I let her know my dates that I would be using the limo would be june 20-22, my group would need to be dropped off at the Las Vegas Motor speedway for a 3 day event. She told me their minimum was for 1.5 hours and i let her know we would need it for more like 2 hours each trip, and she even agreed with me because of how crazy the traffic will probably get. She quoted me $190 for a 10 passenger.So now my 2nd phone call and the reason this company is getting 1 star. I call back and say my name and say i had just spoken with you about my quote for EDC. She says ohhh you wanted it for EDC well we cant do that. Thats a 12 hr minimum. And I let her know but I told you exactly when i was going and the location and it was an event. She argued that she didnt know. But her company has special rates for the EDC dates. Okay...if your company has specials for certain dates isnt it your job to know those dates??? So how is it my fault you're not doing your job correctly and keeping up with your special rates. She argued with me and was very rude. I asked for her manager and her response was: I dont have one. Then she said well, he'll be out for a while. And very rudely said its not like you're going to get him to change the rate. I said okay, id still like to speak with him to complain about you because you're being very rude. Her response? "No, you're the one that's being rude". Seriously??? Learn how to train your employees correctly. If they can't remember specials or certain rates and they mess up. That is not my fault. Thats your employees fault. I don't want to be quoted and then blamed and then refused the opportunity to speak with a manager. This woman gave the worst customer service.So thank her, because my group will be booking with someone else.
