5	This is my garden of Eden, I have been a very content client here for well over 5 years.  This is a family business that has been around for far longer than that, and is the best place to buy both cut flowers and potted plants.  I am a Realtor and a bistro owner and have used their services countless times, for everything from gifts, decor, landscaping you name it.  John the owner is one of the best and most knowledgeable plant guys I have met, and trust me I ask a lot of questions.  I love plants and flowers and gardening, and he is the perfect person to help guide me in what works where and he always has an amazing inventory at really good prices.  He has come through on every single requests with a passion for his trade, which makes him some kinda magical green thumb, so if you like anything to do with things that grow, flower, smell good, provide fruit, or just makes someone special smile...do yourself a favour and start here.Be sure you tell him what you want,need, or simply want to discover and he will guide you, enjoy
5	I live in San Francisco, California and needed to send flowers to a loved one in Montreal. The woman at Venus Plants and Flowers helped me with what would be the right arrangement to send, more or less how much to spend, and even sent a photo to my phone to show me what the arrangement looked like. The person that I sent the flowers was thrilled - said it was the most beautiful, fresh arrangement she had ever seen! Venus Plants and Flowers is my official florist in Montreal.
5	This is my go-to flower shop.  Need a fancy arrangement because a friend had a baby?  Done!  Want a cactus to brighten my office? Done!  A potted plant for mother's day or Easter?  Done!  Venus really is an all purpose plant and flower shop.  Whether it be cut flowers, or potted plants, they've got it all.  The staff are patient.  Not overly in your face, they will let you browse until you ask for help, but once you've asked they are happy to throw together a bouquet based on your taste and budget.  They once humoured a family member who wanted to purchase a single gerbera with some greenery, like it was no big deal, even as she looked at every single gerbera in the fridge, wanting to pick the perfect one.I live nearby, so I've seen that Saturday and Sunday mornings are a parade of flower arrangements leaving the shop, destined to weddings and funerals.  Judging from what I can see, I can imagine they have a lot of satisfied customers.  During the winter I look forward to the warmer months, when all kinds of different plants and flowers are out on display out front under the awning.  The offerings evolve with the seasons, and always brighten my day as I walk by.
1	Never again. The flower shop is completely unorganized. The flowers were suppose to be delivered between 10am-12pm as a surprise for someone. The delivery guy calls and says they can't be delivered until 3pm, which is way past 2 hours after the person wouldn't be home. The flowers did not show up in time. I want a full refund.
5	John from Venus Flowers just arranged the most lovely flowers to arrive at a hotel in Montreal for my Mom.  He went above and beyond.  My mom's name was not on the room.  He called me numerous times, he tried to have the flowers delivered 3 times.  We finally sorted it out.  Thank you for your efforts and your beautiful arrangement!
