5	So, I was looking to get a Yoga mat, and thought that Dicks would be a great place to go to get something like that.  I know this location is brand new, as I used to live right near it, and literally watched them build it from the ground up.This location has amazing hours!  Open late most nights, and is right off the expressway.  you cant miss it!  Its in the same district as Ikea, off the I-10.Anyways, this place is well lit, has a ton of parking, and is so well organized its not even funny.  Not a thing was out of place.  It has two floors, and carries a ton of stuff.  I cruised through the womens section of clothing, and they have shoes, running stuff, you name it, its there!   I was able to find the Yoga mats, and they had a little selection in the back of the store.  Did I mention this place is really well lit?Anyways, they had a small variety of mats.  They also had a beginner mat set, that came with a video, a block and a yoga strap.  25 bucks!  most of the mats I saw were about 20 bucks alone, so for the extra 5 bucks, I sprug for the extras.  I think I got a pretty good deal.While I was wandering around, a staff member asked if there was anything I needed.  Just talked to him for a minute about yoga mats, and he said that was the only spot in the store that they would be at.  Seemed to know his stuff.I really like Dick's Sporting goods.  Well organized, amazing hours, well lit, friendly staff.  I will return in the future!
3	It is nice to shop in a nearly brand-new spacious store, but I can't say the prices were all that special. I found a couple of performance fabric workout shirts that were a couple bucks cheaper than what I was used to paying, so I bought them to add to the rotation. Don't want to use dirty laundry as an excuse to not go work out, so I've been stocking up recently.A note to other Dick's virgins out there: in order to get into the fitting rooms, there is a button you need to push to alert a clerk. I stood in front of the fitting rooms for a while, trying to look obvious to any nearby employees to no avail. It wasn't until I decided to hunt down a sales associate, muttering about my newfound invisibility, that another patron told me about the magic button. I pushed it and it was all good... immediate response from the nearest person with a key. The employee did mention that the button gizmo looked like a fire alarm, which explains why I never saw it in the first place.I left feeling a little bit stupid, but happy with my purchase. Just goes to show that if you haven't shopped here before, you don't know Dick.
4	I come to dicks quite often (wow does that sound dirty), but im going to continue with my review.  Dicks employees are always helpfull, and actually seem to like working here.  They have a good selection of camping/fishing equipment (good selection for the location of the store)  the only better choice would be a store like Bass Pro Shops, or Cabellas.  Dicks has a good overall asortment for sports/outdoor things.
3	So uh yeah they sell sporting goods here. They have a great selection and the store is really nice (it's 2 stories) and the sales men don't bother you to much. I like the store but the prices are about average, which really doesn't make it special in my book.
4	This is based on customer service for returns.I bought a nice NF jacket here and, obviously, dropped a pretty penny on it (I'll say!).. only to be on work travel in Cali (where I really needed it) and have the zipper come out (made in China or what?).  I was seriously peeved: I have bought lots of non-name-brand sweaters and jackets before and *never* have those $30 jackets had a zipper come out!!... to add to that pissed feeling, I'm thinking Dick's won't exchange it because it's been well over 30 days.  ahh... sigh of relief.  I called this Tempe location to inquire about the exchange (citing the date of purchase and the cause of wanting to exchange it) and the gal on the phone (I imagine the manager) was SUPER nice and understanding - she told me she hates when that happens and that, of course they'd exchange it and to come on in and she'd take care of it for me.  So, I did and got a new jacket (I did check it for zipper quality, hopefully that screening was good enough)!  A+ for customer service on returns with receipts over 30 days!
4	I don't play sports and I am not what you would call "outdoorsy" so I don't shop here very often. But every time I do come in this place, I am always impressed. They have a large variety of products with attractive displays. Even though it is a huge store, it is pretty well organized with lots of signs. They even have an escalator to help you get around easy!The last time I was there I was helped by an extremely nice sales associate. He was an older guy and unfortunately I can't remember his name. He kept me from buying a left handed golf putter by mistake. I know nothing about golf and was getting it as a gift for my nephew. And when they didn't have a right handed one in the height I needed, he looked up the inventory at other locations and even tried to call and have them hold it for me. That kind of service gets them the extra star.
5	WOW1  What a great experience!  Everyone there was friendly, helpful, knowledgeable, and considerate.  It was a truly amazing experience!  Compared to my experience at Cabela's I was SHOCKED by the impressive, respectful, and knowledgeable staff.  Prices are fair, people are kind.  What a great place to shop for outdoor and fitness gear!
1	This place was great, then they decided to stop selling firearms. I will not be shopping here again even if they begin selling firearms again. Way to cave in to pressure Dick's,
5	They had volley lite balls in stock both times I went to get one.  This isn't always the case with other sporting good stores!  Also, after about 5 weeks the ball lost a bit of air.  I tried pumping it and it held for a couple days.  Since there was no obvious puncture I brought it back to the store for possible return.  Even though returns are done within 4 weeks and by now it had been almost 6 weeks they made an exception and exchanged the ball!  Also, it had my daughters name written in permanent marker on it and they still took it back - usually you can't return when you write on them.  I thought the customer service was superb!
4	During Black Friday we came in for some good dealsIt was about 10pm Thursday evening and everything was nice and in stock, displayed nicely The associates were all very friendly and helpful which was kinda odd because I would be "through" if I had to work Black Friday but not the case hereVery professional After looping around the storeI got what I went in for, even a little extra thingsThe total of my purchase was really cheapGreat Black Friday deals
1	This place has the highest prices and the worst customer service of any store I've ever been to. The staff is snotty undertrained and doesn't care if you spend money there or not. The corporate policy is screw the customer.
