5	We were wandering around CityCenter and came across this lovely art gallery located across from Crystals.Rodney Lough Jr. is a wilderness photographer. His gallery certainly showcases his craft- love the organic elements especially the large natural wood "trunks" that are around the space. His photographs are "natural" and are proudly not digtially altered. We loved looking at the techniques he used to obtain the photographs and could recognize some of areas he's shot. It was really fun just to look at each other and say "hey we've been there!" or "hey we need to go there!". We spent at least 20 minutes perusing his pieces mostly to read the captions next to each work.Although I don't think we'd purchase one of his lovely works, his gallery is a great place to wander around. His work is definitely different from Peter Lik's collection and holds it's own appeal. If you love Peter Lik's work, you need to check this place out!
5	Amazing photography, and a nice, professionally-displayed gallery. Rodney, you're one of the few photographers I admire! Perhaps one day I can reach even just a fraction of your skills.Thank you for showcasing nature through your camera. The gallery helped me open the eyes of a city girl towards what nature has to offer. She is eager to join on my next camping trip to Yosemite.My humble photography site: http://www.yuenstudios.com
5	This is a must see. If your an artsi person you will dig it.
5	Yelp 100 Challenge * 2/100Rodney's eye for capturing the splendor and remarkable essence of nature is presented through his awe-inspiring landscape photographs, compiled together in a neat naturistic-themed gallery at Crystals Place in City Center. I meant to drop by here on my own yesterday but ended up spontaneously venturing the area with a couple of girlfriends. The moment we entered, we couldn't help but gasp at all the colors and relaxing vibe that came with his pieces. Along with a title and short story next to every photograph, we were brought to Rodney's world and were introduced to these different places through his perspective. And you don't even have to be an artsy person to enjoy his work. If anything, a touch of appreciation for nature is all you need. As a bird lover myself, I especially loved the 'Pondering the Pond' piece which shows a vibrant sunset glowing in the horizon and on the left is a silhouette of a giant rock with a seagull confidently perched on top of it. It was like love at first sight! Aside from getting a chance to check out a replica of his 8' x 10' view camera, I now have much a fuller bucket list, having searched up all the locations he shot his photographs from. They've made me pretty determined to visit them one day (if I can) and check them out for myself!
1	This review is based on the customer service at this location. We purchased a photograph and were supposed to receive it but never received an email like we were told we would. We called and were told the delivery date was something completely different than we were initially told. So the delivery date is coming and we've made two calls to ask why we have not received and email again and have not received a response to either of our calls. We have dealt with 3 sales people (apparently they have horrible turn over) in less than 3 months. We have even left messages for the gallery director whom we had interacted with and he did not call us back either. For the supposed level of quality this gallery is supposed to be, they represent themselves horribly to their paying clients. Yes they had great service the times we has visited while browsing and then deciding to purchase. We has visited on several occasions when we were in the area and everyone seemed nice and attentive but once they had our money, they couldn't be bothered to followup or follow through. Think twice before you spend your money at this location.
5	Oh.  My.  Goodness.I had to go to one of my lesser favorite places in the world, Las Vegas, for a vendor conference.  So I was looking around Yelp to see what else there is to do between the MGM Grand and Aria just in case I get bored.  Being an outdoors lover, i was drawn to Rodney Lough's gallery, so before one night's meet-and-greet a few steps away, I went here first.Let's just say I now have a favorite place on The Strip.  I could have stayed at each photo for several minutes.  The scenes were from all over the west:  Denali, Yosemite, southern Utah, the Rockies.  Lots of character in the setup, perfect natural lighting, vibrant colors.  Some of these pics are printed so large that they're imposing on you.  It's the kind of gallery where a painter would do a picture of the most incredible vistas he can think of -- but these places exist!I can see it now:  I have several thousand or so to burn, I buy one of these pics by Rodney Lough Jr., put it up in my commodious house, then host the weekly house church gathering, and most of the people would end up standing around the Lough admiring it for a long time, and I can't get them away to have the potluck or ministry time because they love the Lough so much . . .Stop by here, please.
4	This man's photography is amazing. On a recent visit, I was literally moved to tears at the stunning beauty of his work. I spent quite a while in the gallery, taking my time reading the stories that accompanied the photographs. It was hands-down my favorite place while visiting Vegas.The only downside was the incredibly pushy sales people. I'd go around the gallery having some wonderfully zen moments, when I'd get bombarded at every other photograph. I welcome casual conversation by gallery workers - I enjoy insight on a certain piece. But these people were too hard-sell and in my face. Not to mention that one of the men unintentionally lobbed a coffee slobber out of his mouth after taking a sip of his drink while standing too close to me. He also tried to insist that an aspect of the Angels Among Us photo that I noticed was because I was only noticing "evil." Huh? I could have stayed longer, but I felt like a bit of a captive audience to the salesmen in there. Once more people came in and had their turn to get accosted, I made a clean getaway. I'd still highly recommend visiting this gallery if you're looking for some true beauty in Vegas and some time away from the bustle of the strip.
4	I think Rodney is very talented, with a stunning gallery. As previous Yelpers have stated, the only down side is the very pushy sales person. The gallery director at first seemed fun and cheeky. But by the end he was using anything he could find to get me to buy a book and print set. I did end up buying it, and will enjoy it. But I recommend he calm his selling technique.
