4	JT's is a small, family-operated diner right on Brownsville Road across from the Whitehall Plaza.  They are open for breakfast and lunch.  The staff is very friendly and food is good.  The JT Omelet is my favorite.  The fare on the TV is rather mind-numbing and the syrup is just corn syrup, but they are generally quite busy, so many customer don't count these major issues.
4	Living in the south hills my whole life had been looking for a local place for years. Found JT's about a year ago...My wife and I eat here 2-3 times per month. Food is homemade, nothing frozen or canned. Weekends the potato pancakes are awesome!!! Take 2 potato pancakes, layer with ham carved off the bone, cheese of your choice and eggs - sour creme and apple sauce on the side. Lately they have been offering one of the pancakes as a zucchini variation - luv'em!!! Omelets are generous and well stuffed with ingredients, home fries on the side (I am sure to order mine well (brown edges) - otherwise well cooked  without much color as many people prefer them. Toast is make on the grill, no toaster for this diner inspired restaurant - oh, did I say it is 2 large slices of Mancini's Italian bread? Yummy.This weekend I ordered the fritatta special. Sweet or hot sausage, onions, red peppers, mushrooms and salami with cheese. Very good. O"brien potatoes (homefries with onions & peppers) and of course the 2 hefty slices of italian toast.On the weekends is very busy - usually short wait. Tables are a bit cramped together, but hey - it is a "small" local joint.Can't go wrong - if you are looking for low-cal fare, not here...
4	I can eat breakfast at any time, so I always love the places that offer it all day long.  It's small, and only open til 2pm, but the the food is excellent, great prices and generous portions.  The potato pancakes are amazing, but they sell out quick, so get there early if you want to try them.
3	Almost one of the only places for breakfast in Brentwood. Very small, crowded during the weekend. It's only open until two, but they serve breakfast all day.. Breakfast like someone else's grandma would make for you (rather than your own). If you're close, it's convenient and decent. Otherwise, take the drive to another staple.
4	One of the very best places in The Burgh for breakfast. Their Western omelette is delicious and very filling. Also a fan of their potatoes and bread. Place is very small so I get the food take out.
1	Coffee tasted like dirt. Didn't bring out the whole order when cooked. Then gave half of my order away. By the time I received the rest of my order the first half was cold. And they forgot my toast. The food was meh.
2	I was only there once, the food was average and an older guy, possibly the owner thought it would be okay to sit at our table, spread out his newspaper and sip his coffee. I hope he enjoyed himself cause we sure didn't.
