4	So there is not much difference from one to the other, but what the hell.  This is the closest one to me and is on the way to work.  I will stop by on occasion to grab a quick smoothie before work.  They are consistent each and every time I go in.  The kids that work there are actually friendly and personable.  Unlike a lot of places that hire the younger people in the workforce.  This place is OK with me.  The parking lot leaves a little to be desired.  You can only go right or you can wait an interminable amount of time to go left out of the other entrance/exit.  You will also be risking your life by doing so.
4	I love this location. Even though they've been playing musical chairs with the staff over the last five and a half years I've been frequenting this establishment, the quality of the product and the service has remained high. The fruits and vegetables are of a consistently high quality and new flavors and combinations are popping up on a regular basis. This is one of the best locations in the valley and if you're lucky enough to show up ten minutes before closing you might even get a free treat. Keep up the good work and happy holidays!
1	The respect from the workers there was flat garbage. I got a text saying you can get a buy one get one free smoothie. I go in there and ask them about the buy one get one free and the cashier denies it exists. I have the text and it came from Jamba Juice. He had NO respect towards me. Later, he completely ignored me. I used to come to this Jamba Juice a lot and now I'm not. If they get nicer staff that have better attitudes then I will consider coming back. But until then i will never come back. If I can give this place a negative 10,000,000 stars I would. Customers would be happier if Jamba Juice on Thunderbird Road got new staff. This is pitiful!!!!
4	Love this Jamba Juice.  The bo-go coupons come through so often that it makes it tough to go there without one.  I have to modify my order to make it dairy.  Pet peeve- it's "sherbet", not "sher-beRt".  There is no second "r".  If you're in the smoothie biz, please say it right.
5	Jamba Juice always does great! The store is always extremely clean and employees are very courteous.
5	Super friendly staff providing delicious drink and food options. I'm always greeted with a smile. This Jamba Juice is consistent with all the others. Same decor, drink and food options. They also sell pre made sandwiches that are sitting in a small cooler.
5	Jus love 'em. Yes the juice, of course, but the people in this location are vunderbar! The manager is really great as are her employees.:)
3	We almost left right after ordering because it seemed like it was an extreme inconvenience to the clerk, who had to stop talking to friends that were hanging out at the counter when we arrived. I'm glad we could see the drinks being prepared because I was concerned we might have ended up with a little something extra for the trouble. All we did was order. Fortunately the smoothies were great, as they usually are... and therefore the three star rating. If the same person is serving the next time we come back, we will go somewhere else.
