4	This is the best nail salon in Maricopa! Great service! Great people working there. They always address you as soon as you walk in, great prices and you hardly ever have to wait for a service. They are so great with my daughter when I have her in tow. My hubby loves this place for pedicures. They always remember us and treat us great! Thanks Everyone!
5	Best nail salon HANDS DOWN in Copa. Staff is friendly and welcoming and it is by far the cleanest and most sanitary nail salon I have ever been to.
5	First met John when I moved here five years ago; it was great to see him finally get his own shop!  This is the BEST nail place in Copa -- no one comes near his service, employees or the ambience of his salon.  Call for an appt if you can, as most of Copa is now (wisely) going here for great nail service.  If you need to wait, it's definitely worth it!  You will feel really special after a trip to Nails 4 U.
5	Great Nail Salon tucked away way out here in Maricopa. Friendly service, careful technicians, new massage chairs, and very good hygiene. An all around great experience. I'll be coming back.
5	Love this place! Very friendly staff and I always feel welcomed! Been coming here for awhile and ive never been disappointed!
5	I have getting my main/pedi here for a few years now. All of the staff are very nice and do a great job. I also get my eyebrow waxed and they do an amazing job. They can get a little bit crazy in here on the weekends but it is worth the wait.  Look for their coupons in the Maricopa papers, they run them all the time.
4	Tried this shop after a disappointing issue at my previous shop.  Came here because of all the positive reviews.  And I will say..I agree.  It's a beautiful, clean, and COOL shop.  Don't underestimate how nice and cool it is in there..some nail salons tend to keep it on the warmer side.  I got the spa pedicure and the male tech did an excellent job of callus removal and nail cleanup.  My one little quibble is the massage was kind of lacklustre.  I think I may try a different tech the next time because I'm all about the massage!  All in all a beautiful clean shop, Food Network in the background and techs who looked to me to be servicing their clients very well.
5	Just moved to the "Copa" last month and have been to this salon twice. First time I got a full set with gel and the second time was just a gel fill. LOVE them. They do amazing work and quick too!
5	Very happy to find this place.  The staff is excellent and so friendly.  John keeps things moving right along. I went to the same shop for over 17 years in CA and this one is close to that for service. I recommend to everyone.
5	I'm so happy I stopped in!!! John did an amazing Gellish job!! So many colors to choose from! I almost went crazy! Ha!I love it!! And Hailey did me so right on my brows!! Eyebrows on Fleek! Definitely my new spot!
