1	This review is for the service department.  I brought my car in for an oil change ($49.95 after coupon!) and asked the tech run my check engine light code.  The service manager refused to run the error code because he said that it would not solve the problem and he recommended I do a full diagnoses at around $85 per hour.  I declined and asked him to humor me and run the error code which he again refused.  The next day I went to Auto Zone and they ran my error code and pointed out that it was caused by my gas cap not being fully tightened.  It is remarkable that the dealership charges $50 for an oil change that you can get elsewhere for $20-30, refuses to do a simple service check, and tries to charge for something that is completely unneeded.  I will never go back to Tempe Scion for service!
1	They suck. We had an appointment because they claimed to have the car we wanted. Get there on time, told he had a walk in he was taking care of, get jacked around to find out they had only one car in stock and it is orange, really guys?Why not just cancel instead of wasting our time? Went to camelback scion(they had at least 12, in all colors) and bought our new car, great experience there
1	I have been a loyal customer of Power Toyota since I bought my Scion in 2009. However, after my last visit I will be sure not to return. I went in to purchase four new tires as a routine maintenance and left with my car in awful condition! First, the rep told me it would take 2 hours to complete and after the 3rd hour, I sill didn't have my car. I had to contact them to check in on my car as they were not courteous enough to contact me. After the third hour of waiting, I finally got some information regarding my car and I was informed my SUB ARM was bent. After Googling the issue, this usually happens after a car accident or running into a curb at high speed. OR a mechanic drops your car from the high-rise. How convenient. The dealer took no responsibility for the issue even though I have never been in an accident in my life. They "discounted" my service taking off the cost of the alignment (even though they didn't align my wheels) and said they'd replace the SUB ARM for $500 additional dollars. I asked that they did not complete the service as I felt  they were being incredibly dishonest and they returned my car in worse condition. I will never be back; Power Toyota has lost a loyal customer.
5	A+
1	UghIf I can give this place zero stars I would.First, the name of this business page should be AutoNation Toyota Scion of Tempe. I add the "Toyota" in there because I expected better from a Toyota dealership. I love Toyotas, I loved all the Toyotas that I've had in my life and I am a loyal customer. But this Toyota Scion of Tempe was awful.The general manager greeted us in his little golf cart when we first got there and walked us up to a salesman and offered us water bottles. Great start. Maybe if he had stayed with us the whole time this would have been a much different review. However the salesman he introduced us to was ghastly. He wanted to have us fill out a credit app after the very first car we saw and when we declined jumping the gun so soon without seeing other models, he got angry! Like not verbally, but you can tell in the way curt way he was talking to us and not putting any effort into finding anymore cars for us. He said goodbye to us before we were even done looking! He even lied about his name after he saw me check in on Yelp (as if I didn't already swipe his business card from his desk)!I've been to AutoNation Toyota Scion before, and had a bad experience but I have never been treated so rude before. I sure as hell am not going to pay for a $30,000+ car here after this.Ken, you single-handedly ruined my car buying experience.
