1	So I decided to surprise my parents by getting their cars detailed, and I scheduled an appointment for both cars to get detailed that day. The person that they sent to our house came to the house came in a personal car... no water and no power. (I thought they brought their own water and power?) Anyway, he said he had been called in because the company needed extra help. My mom offered to let him use the hose at our house to wash the car and our outlets for whatever else he needed. When the employee left, unclean floor mats were found laying on the ground, neither vehicle washed nor waxed, the cup holders and door jams unclean, and tire gloss haphazardly sprayed on the tires. I actually scheduled two appointments (one for each vehicle.) One was for 9am and the other for noon. He left before 12:30pm. While the car was just a bit cleaner in the end, the job was something, as my dad said, "was the quality of something one of the neighborhood boys would do for a few bucks." I've had my car detailed before, but this service was just not up to par, and it certainly wasn't what they had promised on their website. I even called the company asking for either a refund or to have someone else come and properly finish the job. The person I spoke with said that he would have his boss call, but no one returned my call. I tried calling again myself, but again, no one returned my phone call. I even decided to email them, and though it's been over a week, I have yet to receive a response. Long story short... I would not recommend this company. If you want a quality detailing, you might want to find another company; otherwise, just hire a kid looking to make a few bucks in your neighborhood. (It will be cheaper about the same quality).
2	Get Mad sub contracts out it jobs. The detailer showed up at me home, told my wife that the job would be an extra $30.00 because we had an SUV. Then when we told the detailer that we paid for the SUV upcharge on Groupon he said well your car is very dirty so it will still be a $30 additional fee! I called customer service to question how it was a charge for SUV then when we had that covereed all of a sudden it was because it was too dirty. Customer service said sorry thats how it goes.
1	I purchased a Groupon for $99.  After scheduling and confirming my appt.- and taking the morning off - no one showed.  I contacted Mad Mobile who said they are no longer honoring Groupons and to contact Groupon for my refund.No one had the courtesy to email or call to let me know they were cancelling my appt.  I am beyond furious.  Someone must have told them lack of common courtesy is the way to go.
