3	Not the most amazing pizza on the planet, but it's $15 for a pie at first friday which is a good, easy to carry dinner option. The coolest thing about this food truck is that it's in an old fire truck! They pull a lever and flame shoots out the top, which is a great attention grabber.
4	Engine 1 Pizza came out to cater the second Edible Vegas forum. It was nice to see a food truck out when the discussion fell on if this outlet helps or hurt the industry.  With some bold flavors and ingredient combinations, they do help boost awareness in Las Vegas food culture. They might not be my favorite pizza joint, but what they produce is delicious. My group had bought the pesto, goat cheese, and tomato pizza before the function. For some, the combination of the equally strong goat cheese and pesto was overbearing, but I liked it. The tomatoes on top helped to give some texture and mellow out the flavors. For $14, some might think it is steep, but it was quality. What is really amazing is their 700 degree oven. It can cook the thin crust pizza to a golden crispy brown in two minutes. Applause should be given to the owners for being eco-friendly. I wish I could remember what Katrina M. was saying about how their efforts were benefiting the environment, but I had enjoyed one too many at happy hour.
5	The service is the BEST in town!  Did you know that this engine runs on veggie oil?  Good for your tummy and good for the environment.  An all around PERFECT experience.  Thank you Cpt. Bill
2	I'd been scoping out this truck at food events for quite some time and was excited to finally give it a try last night at Streats. It is such an ingenious idea to turn an old fire truck into a pizza making machine! I especially love when they make it "breathe fire." Unfortunately, I realized why there are rarely any lines at this truck, the pizza was a huge let down. I had a slice of the pepperoni and sausage since it was what they had available at the moment. The pizza was dripping grease, which isn't always a bad sign, so I folded it in half and took a bite. I didn't taste a thing, not the sauce or the pepperoni or the sausage. This can't be I thought, so I took another bite, willing my taste-buds to try harder. Nothing but a greasy, bland mess. As I kept trying bite after bite it became apparent that the pizza is pretty much flavorless. At $4 a slice, I expected that they would be buying quality ingredients, but it was obvious that they were not. Maybe they are buying gas for the truck?
3	Have seen these guys for a couple years now and never bothered to try.  Either I wasn't hungry, or I was eating produce at the farmer's market, or I was eating bad things at First Friday.... I finally told myself that the next time I saw them I would give it a go.Cut to this past First Friday- I made a beeline straight to Engine 1 Pizza.  The wait was ridiculous, but the place was busy.  After what seemed like an eternity, we finally got our pizza.  It was good, but not anything special- just a decent slice of thin crust pizza.  Hate to say it since the employees were very nice.  But the fried mozzarella was pretty good, and $15 for a whole pie to feed a few people is a steal when compared to the rest of the food trucks' prices.
4	I had an opportunity to try a slice at the Las Vegas Foodie Fest this past Sunday. I'm glad I did!I love the concept of the mobile brick oven. I had a slice of the veggie pizza. The crust was nice and thin. The cheese was gooey but not overpowering (I hate when there's so much cheese that it becomes chewy/rubbery half way through, luckily this slice wasn't like that). I was in a half-food coma from all the little bites of food our group was trying but I do remember there being mushrooms and onions on the pizza. It was very tasty. If we were headed home I definitely would not have minded an entire pie.
2	They get one bonus star for having a cool concept and the truck is pretty awesome. Pizza was bland and that's being nice. My girlfriend wanted to try a slice at First Friday... I wasn't very interested but tried a bite of hers. She had a slice of pepperoni pizza and I'm not sure if we just got a bad slice or if they were having an off night but the pizza was dry, lacked any flavor and was caked with flour or whatever they use on the bottom of the pie. I love pizza of all types, shapes and sizes but this was pretty sad. I would have to be a pretty heavy liquid influence to make it though a slice. I really don't like judging places off one visit so harshly but this was pretty inexcusable. I hope they can right the ship because it is a really cool truck.
3	I tried Engine 1 Pizza for the first time at first Friday. There was a bit of a wait for the fresh one coming out of the wood fired oven so I opted to wait a bit longer for the pesto to go in. The oven is nice and hot so it only takes a few minutes. Very thin, the pizza is light and cut in large slices. I was hoping for a better tasting crust but it wasn't bad. For me it was just ok. I would eat here again if I was craving a slice and they were around.
