5	Mongolian hot pot is generally pretty fun for groups, and this place definitely does it right.  They've got perfect  looking super fresh beef and lamb, and their buffet of vegetables, noodles, and seafood to throw in the broth are terrific.  You can be as tame or as adventurous as you want when you come here b/c of the variety of buffet selections.Service was good, and prices were reasonable.
4	Ambiance:  Reasonably large restaurant with seating from 2 on up.  Lots of booth seats and what looks like room for large parties in the back.  Bright fluorescent lighting permeates throughout.  Due to the size of this place, it's not too noisy when its crowded.Food:  Respectable hot-pot fare.  Decent choice of broths and a wide selection of ingredients allow for numerous cooking combinations.  They even have a nice selection of sauces and desserts.  It's not anything fancy, and in fact reminds me something of a potluck, but it's a nice touch.Service:  Prompt and friendly.  The staff even keeps on eye out for low broth levels in individual pots and will re-fill without needing to be asked.  The ingredients seem to be well stocked and checked often.  English speakers should not have a problem here as the staff seemed to speak it pretty well and even offered tips on hot-pot cooking should someone be new to the experience.Price:  For the buffet style food selection and sheer quantity of food, this is a pretty good deal.  $17-22 per person.Hassle factor:  Due to ample seating, I can't imagine there ever being a wait to get a table unless you had a very large party.  This establishment is also in the heart of chinatown so parking might be an issue at some times of the day if you are driving.  A set of rather steep stairs lead into the restaurant which may be a problem for anyone who can not navigate steps.Overall:  3.5 stars.  Good for just about any casual diners.  Groups ok.  Kids ok.
4	It's a great place and very customer-friendly. I loved the broth separation in the same pot (caters to different tastes: check). You are immersed in vapors and you come out feeling very full. I enjoyed almost everything I put on my plate, but when the place is crowded the food can get mixed up on the shelves. I really like it.
3	I've been to many hot pots and this was a very different one than I am used to going to. Located in Montreal's China Town, we were taken for a little tour in the dirtiest part of the city (and this city is probably the cleanest city Ive been to). You could instantly recognize that this was a hot spot by the many people flocking in and out of the establishment. The first thing I liked about this style of hot pot is that its buffet. Unlike most hot pots where they serve you a certain selection of veggies that they hand picked for you, you get to choose exactly what vegetables and how much you want to put in your pot. That being said, I am not really sure how fresh the veggies are being displayed open deli style right near their front entrance. Hordes of children and families were running around using their hands when utensils were not readily available and I did not see one staff member come out to replace stale food. We were told that we HAD to order the beef/lamb combo (I don't eat lamb) which left my boyfriend having to eat the whole dish. This wouldn't have been a problem if we didn't see the sign on the table that said if we wasted 200 grams of food, we would be charged another 15,99$ So basically, he filled up on food he didn't want just so I could eat the food I did want. I was not very happy about that but he seemed to be okay with it. Overall, I would have given this 2 stars because it wasn't that fantastic. I gave it a 3 because if you enjoy hot pots like I do, this is something you will want to experience regardless.
1	I was really looking forward to eating here, but the experience completely disappointed me. Although the selection was good I found the food quality and taste poor, service was questionable and the "ambiance" was cafeteria-esque. Rod
3	I lived in HK for 3 years and loved Little Sheep and when I came back for the holidays I was so excited to see that there was one in Montreal. I was a little disappointed, I don't really like the raw meat buffet style and there weren't that many varieties and options. So overall is was so-so.
5	My absolute favorite part about our trip to Montreal was the food! After touring the Basilique Notre-Dame, my boyfriend and I wandered through China Town and stumbled upon a bright neon sign with a cute little lamb. We weren't quite sure what we were getting into but decided this would be the place to eat. Neither one of us had heard of hot pot and we were quite intrigued by the convection stove tops at each table. (This was before we discovered Korean bbq) The waiter brought out a menu with pictures...first you choose your broth- regular or spicy. I like trying anything new so we got both. Then you have your choice of different raw meats to put in your pot. They bring out this huge pot with a divider so it contains both types of broth and let the broth simmer while you stock up at the buffet. They have every kind of vegetable, noodle and seafood you can think of; local as well as unidentifiable. As overzealous newbies, we each filled our plates with just about everything and piled it into the soup. The meat is brought out raw and cooks in the broth, much like Pho'.  The regular broth is not regular at all, it was very well seasoned with whole spices right in the pot. The spicy was screaming hot, but that is how to should be. It was all amazing and very, very filling.The quality of the food was great, the dining experience was really fun and I would recommend this place to anyone going to Montreal.  I heard there is a Little Sheep here in San Diego, so soon I will stop by there as well :)
4	Great find thx to yelp!  Took the fam here over new years holiday and totally got a great experience!  The veggies are fresh and the price is right!  Take a group and have fun...watch out for the garlic though it'll blow u away! Oh and be sure to have sesame balls for dessert...and put sauce on them & by sauce I mean the yellow bottle of sweetened condensed milk!
4	Ate here our first night staying in Montreal, my first time having hot pot. We got the 'mixed' pot, one side spicy, the other not. Plenty of meat kept coming to the table (beef, lamb) for boiling and other options were available via the buffet (vegetables, tofu, fish, chicken livers)
5	When I reviewed this place online and from other reviews, I thought this was a typical Mongolian restaurant.  You know, raw meat, veggies, and noodles that you choose to your liking and a sauce to compliment for a taste truly your own, bring to a giant wok and have someone braving 7 foot flames to stir fry it all for you.It was....kinda/sorta.You DO pick out your raw faves, but the selection was so much more vast.  Veggies included Taro, Kale, Pumpkin, Bok Chou and meats included lamb, beef, chicken, the hugest prawn I've ever seen. For a walk on the wild side, meats included chicken hearts and liver even tripe.  And for the starch-loving gal like me, why , 7 different types of noodles was akin to a choir of angles singing.Instead of bringing it to the firefighting wok master, you instead bring all of the rarities to your table where a "hot pot" of broth is boiling happily on your own personal burner.  You can choose from regular, hot, or super spicy broth.  I'm a chicken, so it was an order of regular for me and my brave husband chose hot.  They bring the order "yin/yang" where you have a pot divided in two with your respective broth choices.  Then, you drop in your fixings and wait for the bubbling action to cook your dinner, strain it, and garnish it with whichever dipping sauce you deem fit.Essentially, it's fondue with an Asian twist.  And I'd never want Mongolian any other way.If you're in Old Towne Montreal, this is a MUST.  It's close to the Metro and easy to recognize with the fuzzy sheep sign logo in green. (Most signs were red or yellow, so it stood out)The restaurant was very clean, staff extremely polite and helpful, and the food was perfect.  I'm sending a snow of emails to get this chain (voted to 100 chains in China as well as one of the top 500 restaurants in a country that surely must have over a billion chains) in my neck of the woods.Best. Experience. Ever.
3	A little disappointed, not as good as the one in LA. But overall cost performance was excellent for all you can eat @ about 15$CND. The soymilk tasted funny, though.
4	4 stars food0 stars service, it was totally abysmal this time.  what up with that?  the girl at the front was a total you know what.  anyway...its a good thing the whole food experience saved the day.
5	Little Sheep is the perfect place to go for lunch on a cold and chilly winter afternoon. If the soup doesn't warm you up, the spicy broth definitely will. This is my second time eating at a Little Sheep chain and this one was even better than the one in the States. It's buffet style so it would behove you to load up on the meat. The lamb is the best, followed by the beef. I also recommend getting a half and half spicy and normal broth. I only cook the meat in the spicy broth and everything else on the other side. This place also has a wide selection of vegetables, different types of tofu and mushrooms as well as a variety of noodles to select from. You can also help yourself to drinks at the soda fountain and they have an array of delicious desserts. I think I ate five or six freshly made mini sesame balls. I loved everything about this place from the quick service to the clean and modern look of the dining room. And the best part was how cheap it was for a buffet. Lunch came out to $13 + $1 weekend lunch + $2 for the spicy broth = $16. Not too shabby for a filling and satisfying lunch in the middle of Chinatown. This hot pot alone is worth the two hour drive from Vermont.
5	Where to start?! Little Sheep Mongolian Hot Pot is an amazing restaurant for any occasion, the choices in the buffet are broad, waiters are nice and will not take time to bring you what you ask, it's a very interesting style of buffet (won't spoil the surprise for you!) and it's a very nice atmosphere for all occasions. Highly recommended!
1	Filthy, to start. The floor was beyond disgusting. Broth was like recycled dishwater, and the fish was not fresh. The rest was tasteless. Sauces were bad...I can't believe that even the hoisin was gross...I did not know that was possible. Dessert was canned fruit which was the highlight. Second worse meal of my life, worst in Montreal. My boyfriend and I left nauseous and it cost $45 for the two of us. STAY AWAY!
1	Terrible! It was the nastiest meal I've ever eaten! All the food there was frozen.  The broth smelled off. Avoid this place like the plague.
3	You won't be able to fully enjoy Little Sheep if you are not accompanied with hot pot experts. There are so many ways to appreciate the food and so many combinations are possible. You indeed have a wide choice of vegetable, noodles, fish or meat balls available but the fountain drinks are way too sweet tho. You should ask for both a spicy and a regular broth but make sure you get lamb - yeah that's you are here for.Some pieces of meat might be frozen but nothing made me question the hygiene of this place. It was clean but I agree that we may doubt of some the places in this area in general. Friendly service on top of it who might even extend its hours just for a party of two.However, main con: the AC was UNBEARABLE.
5	As far as hotpot goes, I think that this is the only decent one in Montreal so far.  Located up on the second floor with ample views of the mean streets of Chinatown, a window seat is almost mandatory for the full experience. The three most important things for a delicious hotpot are:-robust broth (so I recommend only ordering their spicy herbal broth)-fresh vegetables and thin sliced meats-a well-made dipping sauceThe well-made sauce portion of a good hotpot meal relies solely on you, the patron, to make at the sauce bar.  No one is going to hold your hand through this process, but I can attempt to give you a quick recipe for a good one;  2:12 hot chili oil with bits, 2:12 soy sauce, 1:12 sesame oil, 2:12 scallion/chives, 2:12 cilantro (a must have), 1:12 vinegar, 1:12 paste/minced garlic, 1:12 ginger paste.  There is also a sesame paste sauce that can be made using diluted sesame paste, but I like spicy.Don't be afraid of the watercress, and try making a hard boiled egg.  The cooked egg is delicious peeled and then dipped into your dipping sauce.There is also a small buffet portion set up that has things like spring rolls and sesame balls.  But, I found these items not to be very fresh.  There is also an all-you-can-drink soda and juice fountain that actually has some delicious sweetened soy milk on tap and orange juice.
2	I'd rather have a vietnamese pho with 10dollars included taxes.
4	this is the closest thing i have found to the hot pot i loved so much in Taiwan. and i have searched hi and lo. this place offers a choice of herbal broth, spicy broth, or a combo. husband & i wanted it all, so we got the combo. they set the pot on your table, fire up the electric range underneath, and offer you a plate of beef or lamb slices. herein lies my only real complaint - no vegetarian option available for the soup. we loosen up when we travel, preferring not to miss out on too much of the food culture when visiting a new destination, but it makes me sad that vegetarians are not be able to partake of this fantastic dining experience. if you can get past the both issue, the buffet has piles of fresh greens - spinachES, bok choyS - as well as tofuS, mushroomS, noodles, broccoli, gluten, veggies i could not identify, all wonderful. we spent an hour or so making and eating our lunch (WAY cheaper than dinner). others were eating when we got there and still going strong when we left. loved it & still haven't stopped raving about it.
4	had some mongolian hot pot on a summer night, not sure if that was smart but we were all craving some. the selection is pretty good, and standard. they put it all in the fridge and you basically go and grab whatever. the quail eggs were tasty, so were the turnips. we were in the separate chamber since we had a large group and i preferred that anyway because its more private and the noise level can be controlled. the meats arrived promptly by the waiters and the service was decent. a good hot pot place to try.
4	Great Place, Great foods ...I went there last week for lunch was near Chinatown and Always wanted to try this place ... And boy was I missing out. Got the combo pot (2 broth one nomal, one spicy) to try it properly and was very happy about it.The thin sliced lamb was nice and was very good cooked in both broth (I prefered the spicy one, but then I love hot stuff) ... The server was friendly, helpful and answered my questions with a cheerful demeanor. I love the selection of vegetable and extra meats in the buffet (sweet potatoes and pumpkin were extremely nice ). Since i was outside the time the seafood section is available I am unable to comment on thatIn short 2 peoples 12 peoples or even by yourself this one is a must try !!
4	I thoroughly enjoyed the hot pot experience when I went to Little Sheep (2 times)You can get half regular/half spicy broth (+$4 to your bill) - Personally I find that the regular broth is lacking flavor, so I will take just spicy next time!You pile your plate high with veggies and seafood and tofu at a buffet style counter/wall and the servers bring you slices of beef and lamb. Sometimes, your meat will come in frozen, but that's ok, it's still good.I only ever eat the veggies, because I am not super adventurous and am worried about the seafood, but I am sure its excellent! I enjoy the little bite sized things they have on the buffet too (spring rolls, asian donut-type bread - DELICIOUS, some kind of samosa looking thing, onion rings, etc.You serve yourself (servers come to bring more meat, add broth to your hot pot and troubleshoot any induction hot plate issues that may occur) So expect to get up for water and food often.The price is a little on the expensive side in my opinion, especially for dinner (which has the same choices as the lunch menu) but it is a buffet and quite unique, so once in a while is ok (about $50 for 2 - dinner buffet)This is a little gem in China Town and I recommend going with anyone from your significant other to an entire group, this type of dining allows for conversation and is interactive, fun.
3	My BF and I went on a Sunday evening and it was very busy and hard to find a server to get extra plates or to help with the heating element (we found it difficult to control the level of heat). We got the spicy broth, which I liked but my BF found too spicy. They have a good selection of vegetables, etc. from the buffet wall and they refill regularly. Drinks from the fountains are also included. We didn't find the experience all that enjoyable. Having a boiling pot blowing steam in your face all night is not so much fun, and everything tastes the same after awhile. Plus, it was pretty expensive at $50 for two people -- especially since you have to do all the cooking yourself! We came to the conclusion that if you like the idea of hotpot, it is worth checking out once, but personally, we won't be going back.
4	It is an interesting experience for someone that is not used to this kind of food. I liked the choice of broth (spicy or mild), the taste of the broth, the "all you can eat" seafood and fresh veggies. They have a great selection of fresh veggies and seafood you can put in the broth. It is really healthy and tasty. I like the fact that putting food in the broth slow down the "eating pace" of everyone around the table, so that the meal last longer, giving us more time to talk and enjoy each other company. I am planning on going back when i'm in Montreal! The place is huge, so it is good for groups, family, etc...
3	This is the same Little Sheep Hot Pot that has spread across China becoming the Chinese equivalent to say Olive Garden or maybe comparing it to Sizzler's is more accurate. Even though this is the same restaurant, it's been "localized" for better or worse. To begin with, it's buffet style. Grab your plate and walk up to the front and pile on the food.  Seafood only makes an appearance for dinner, which is why the evening price is quite a bit more. The front has a section of fountain drinks to choose from and a variety of pre-cooked snacks. The pre-cooked stuff is OK when fresh, but mediocre to bad once the egg rolls, onion rings and other items get cold.The selection of vegetables is acceptable, but again this is where the "localization" impacts things. The veggies and mushrooms are all very safe, nothing is too exotic and this can of course be extended to the meats and seafood which all remain very acceptable to western palettes. This is probably the best hot pot restaurant in Montreal but is pretty mediocre as far as "authentic" hot pot is concerned. During my last visit some of the seafood was called into question and we were getting a pretty awful stench from an unidentified location. I'll go back for sure and I'll even recommend it to others, but remember you are dealing with raw meat and seafood and vegetables in a buffet environment so be on-guard for any suspect food.
3	Don't go in their in you are not hungry. It wont be worth it because you can get the broth at a chinese grocery store and they sell the lamb at the brossard location or korean grocery stores. Ask for the super super spicy  broth if you are daring :D and my favorite way to eat hot pot is to star with meat (lamb) .After about 2plates of lamb, I start with veggies and frozen tofu (be warned some of their labels have the weirdest translation). That way the veggies and tofu can really suck up the lamb flavor.
5	Greetings all, who, likes good outings. This restaurant has fresh vegetables (oriental or otherwise) and seafood selections (specially, the shrimp is very sweet). The mushroom selection is outstanding whether is oriental or domestic. The fish is nice and come clean and fresh. The pot is not too spicy and tasted good. The ice cream and juice is included if you have palace for them. The surroundings are nice. The parking is difficult though. The waiter, explained what you will be having and the different prices. No, smile though from the cashier which we will let go this time. Check, the china town surroundings very nice specially the meditation.  If you are meat lover, you will like it there also, since there is a wide selections of meat chicken lamp and sausages do not forget the ice cream specially the chocolate (dark and less fat and sugar) . Nice place all around and healthy.  The children should enjoy it specially the fact that you will drink the soup after all gets cooked in it. Very clean and nice that is why I let it go a little on service. Enjoy outing in Montreal downtown .
1	I only go here because my mom likes this restaurant, but honestly I think it lacks in quality. I went with my mom and boyfriend 2 weeks ago and the mushrooms had dirt on it. It looked like those mushrooms have never been washed...at all.  Also the cauliflower had black mold on it. It's pretty disgusting. I don't understand why they even decided to put those out there on the rack of "fresh" food to put in your hot pot. Did they even bother checking?I have nothing else to say except to add that the waiters look like they are very unhappy to work there.  I really highly recommend those who want to try (if you really have to)  the hot pot to eat with caution. And for the rest of you who want to just eat hot pot, avoid this restaurant at all costs. They do not take hygiene or safety measures in mind.
3	This is my first Hot Pot experience that I have tried in Montreal. First rule of Hot Pot:- Wear clothes that don't matter, or that you can burn after, especially if you "chill" at hot pot.Second Rule of Hot Pot:- Biting into a whole clove of Anise when you aren't expecting it, is horrifying and leaves your mouth numb, and could potentially cause face wrinkles from the face that you make.Third Rule of Hot Pot:- Bring friends, because the more the merrierSo knowing that, basically if you like putting food in hot soup and then eating it, this is both entertaining and fun. Drinks are unlimited in refills, as is food. I don't really get the onion rings in the front, with the triangular samosas... but sometimes when you are in Montreal, you try to look past that, and pretend its not there.Things to do after hot pot: host a clothing burning bonfire.
3	Comparing to the one located at Brossard, this one has fall slightly short. The service is inefficient even with multiple waiters, and they always forgot my orders when I asked for more lamb slices.The condiments in the sauce section constantly lack ingredients, and the place seems to be messy and dirty almost all the time. In addition, the fried appetizers are always cold and soggy, and they rarely bother to renew it.The waiting time in a Friday or Saturday evening is utterly ridiculous. They do not accept reservations from 4-9pm (last time I checked). In addition, the lamb meat they serve sometimes are stale, and you can tell from the colour that it was not very fresh.At any rate, this place still remains one of my favourite restaurants in downtown, however I'd like to see some improvements being made.
3	Little Sheep is your typical, average hot pot spot. And that makes sense, since Little Sheep is just one of many franchises scattered across the world. They have a decent selection of ingredients (beef, chicken, squid, shrimp, veggies, etc.). The service is average. There's usually a wait at lunchtime or dinnertime.
3	Eh. That's all I can say for the experience I had.I went there for my dad's birthday and the waiter guided us to a table in the other room of the restaurant that had this kind of cold atmosphere (whereas the other part of the restaurant was lively and well lit). The waiters were quick and efficient, didn't make much conversation, like at other restaurants in Chinatown. The food was good, nothing special. (Maybe it's because I don't really like hot pot, I like to eat my food immediately)Eh again.
4	The food was great, but the line was long to get seated, even at 8:30PM on a Saturday.The ordering system was a bit weird. When we gave our second order, they brought us the wrong order, and then ignored us when we told them so. It appeared as if around 10PM, the servers stopped working. They deliberately ignored us (perhaps to make people finish faster). At this point, we were trying to check out, but the line to check out (no, they don't bring you the bill) was about 6 families long. Each paid with credit card, but it seemed like we waited for 30 minutes before we got to pay. The line was reminiscent of what we went through at customs!
2	First off, this was the second time my party has been here because they have a large variety of foods. The place was not that great,surroundings wise. When we first came in we were surprised by the limited amount of food we were supposed to order. Before, we thought it was all you could eat but ow its three rounds and you get charged for a surplus. The red-haired assistant manager treated my party like dogs even though we had given an additional 15% tip. We come from the United States and we were charged for the surplus of vegetables! Vegetables?! I would understand if it were for meat but vegetables? Be weary of the red-haired assistant manager,he was very rude to my group and he was very unprofessional.
4	I thought it was alright. The staff were quick to serve you, although the place tend to get crowded really fast. Food was okay. I'd go back again when i get a chance.
1	Bad customer service and also food wasnt fresh. Also try tonorder some stuff in the menu but they didnt have....
4	Hotpot? Check! All-you-can-eat? Check! I discovered this place several years ago and have been visiting ever since. Gone is the buffet-style, you'll now find the whole restaurant has been renovated and re-designed. You now order each item from a menu that you fill out, and the overall quality of the items has gone up from what I remember. Everything tasted fresh (beef, lamb, shrimp, squid, mussels, vegetables, tofu, fish, sausage, noodles) and was presented quite nicely. What you lose by not being able to pick 1 piece of an item, you gained in quality. You can still self-serve soft drinks and mix up your own dipping sauce. There are also desserts available with no charge (ice cream, sesame balls, canned fruit) and some items to buy for an additional charge.Overall I think this system is an improvement and am already thinking about going back in a couple of weeks.
4	Decouvrir des restaurants avec un concept innovant ou simplement different de ce qu'on voit en Amerique du Nord est un de mes passe temps favoris et je suis chanceuse d'avoir une 'amie ideale qui fait m'en decouvrir tout le temps dans la ville. Alors pour cette fois-ci,  c'est un restau de fondu asiatique que mon amie me fait decouvrir un soir d'hiver glaciale. Deja j'adore la nourriture asiatique,  ensuite le concept de base inclus une soupe epicee! SOLD  Je vous explique le concept : Les tables sont toutes munies d'une plaque de cuisiniere avec une temperature ajustable ( touch screen please, voir photo ) et vous choisissez un bouillon dans lequel vous pourrez tremper differents aliments a deguster. Le choix est vaste et delicieux : des lanieres de viandes de boeuf et d'agneau + du poisson, des calamars + un assortiment de legumes et bien d'autres accompagnements comme du tofu ( Prenez en sans hesitation) ou encore des nouilles par exemples ! Tout y est bon sans exception.Quant au lieu, le resto se trouve en plein coeur du quartier chinois. En y entrant, on y decouvre une grande salle lumineuse en haut d'un escalier - un espace ideal pour aller manger en groupe d'amis ou en tete a tete!  Le prix est a considerer - peut atteindre presque 30$ ( tips inclus) par personne dependant des journees je crois bien mais pour l'experience, je crois que cela en vaut la peine! Le service est rapide et efficace mais sans plus. Pour le reste, je vous laisse decouvrir - ce n'est pas un coup de coeur mais c'est different - et cela peut toujours ameliorer notre routine quotidienne :). Je le recommande! Perso, j'y ferais certainement un tour une autre fois avant la fin de l'hiver!
4	I can't go an entire winter without going to Mongolian hot pot at least a couple of times. It's the perfect remedy for a cold and windy day!The concept is simple, it's an all-you-can-eat where you cook your food in a broth that's either spicy or mild. Go for spicy if you can handle the heat, it's so much more flavorful. They have a large selections of items (lamb,beef,tofu,seafood,fish, all kinds of veggies,different types of noodles) so bring your appetite with you.I have a soft spot for the lamb, tofu, bok choy and thick noodles.They also have a small selection of deserts but you can't go wrong with the green tea ice cream.
2	Only come here if you don't care about how you smell afterward. After you eat here, there is a strong odour that comes with you afterward. Their food tasted okay, but I heard people had diarrhea afterward, maybe their food is not that fresh...
3	Although this place was on the list for Montreal's 10 worst health code violators... there is just something about the soup that keeps me coming back. I know the restaurant is probably filthy, but I just can't stay away. My hope is that the hot soup kills all the bacteria and we will leave satisfied and full with no problems except the nasty smell it leaves behind in your clothes, skin and hair.
2	Food was good but service ruined it. On the door it states it closes at 10:30pm,  got there at 9:00pm and were super rushed! We were made the pay at our table before we were even finished. One of the servers started mopping, placed smelled like bleach-put me off my food. The turned away a group at 9:30- why state that you're open until 10:30 when you're not. I told the host our feedback - she didn't seem to care, smiled and nodded.  Better hotpot down the street - kagayaki, with more respectful staff.
3	The new format renders averse the proper condition of self serving bliss. The establishment now uses the same instance of most AYCE sushi. The waiters attend the tables as sheet orders are filled. The menu list is abbreviated to vegetables, noodles, and two kind of meats(beef and lamb). Disappointed.
5	My wife and I had our first hot pot style meal ever here.  It was fresh, very tasty and authentic.  We felt like we were dining in Asia as everything seemed so different and authentic from Chinese meals we have had back home.
2	I've always wanted to try hotpot at a restaurant and the opportunity came along when a friend of mine invited me to eat with her because before that I have only had home made hot pots, like tons and of all sorts. So I was very disappointed at the broths. She took the spicy and I took the non spicy one and neither one was to my satisfaction. Price was $20 all you could eat but when something isn't to your standards then all you can eat doesn't do much for you. The service was horrible. We waited over a half an hour to get anything. No broth no veggies no meat. Nothing.  There were people there who arrived after who got theirs within 10 mins. I was so upset. I ended up grabbing cups and plates from a different table myself. When I asked our waitress why it was taking so long she just said "okay" smiled fakely and walked off. I am a very generous tipper but when service is as horrible as that, I do not tip at all. Some people may be ashamed to do that but I'm not and I would like the workers to know that they do not deserve any more than that one visit I gave them.
5	We absolutely love this place! The atmosphere is great and the food is even better. You can chose between regular or spicy broth or get both as a ying yang pot. This restaurant is where we had our first hot pot and have since had other places but this will always be our favorite. It's all about the broth and this place has only the best. Veggies are always fresh and so is everything else. Prices arent bad either for what you can get, I mean it's all you can eat. We always leave here full, satisfied and very happy.
4	We ordered buffet with separate hot pots. The base lamb soup was great. Many choices of fresh selections and sauces as well as few dimsum and drinks were included as part of the buffet. They brought the selections to the table on order. The place looked clean. Service was great.
1	Waiter was rude and did not bring all the foods and got irritated when asked again.  The restaurant seems to be managed by a bunch of university students with limited restaurant experiences.  Gratuities of 15% included already in the bill, like they deserve it.
