5	Awesome shop, sometimes it can take some time for the repairs, but they are nicely done and for a reasonable price.
5	I just picked up my favorite pair of old boots from J R's shoe repair. WOW!!! I am soo happy! These boots were purchased about 6 years ago at Kohl's. They are not leather. They are black with a chunky platform heel and I love them. They look great with dress pants and jeans. After the years of  wear and tear (ABUSE) and playing freeze tag& baseball  in them, The heels were lopsided, the soles were wasted. I searched high and low for a replacement and could not find another pair that I liked as much.I brought them into J R's Shoe repair since it is in my neighborhood and was told they could be fixed and they would even clean them up. I have new soles and heels! They look like brand new boots! Quality work and  very reasonably priced. I am over the moon  and J R 's shoe repair has my business! Thanks!
5	I thought my boots were beyond repair after a long trip to San Francisco.  Little did I know, the owner of JR's Shoe Repair is a miracle worker. My colleagues urged me to visit JR's Shoe repair for some boot-TLC. It's an unassuming shop tucked away in the west corner of the AJ's center. Just walk in, discuss the repairs and when you need them, and pay. He's super speedy and did an absolutely phenomenal job. My beloved boots are resoled, refurbished and look brand spankin new. They look better than they did when I purchased them!  Do yourself a favor, don't go out and waste your time trying to find a replacement pair. Take them to JR's for some pampering.
5	J R's shoe repair is the best shoe repair store I have done business with.  JR is a true craftsman in his trade and feel that he is the best shoe repairman in the area. I have had many pairs of shoes restored by JR and they always come back looking brand new.  Thanks JR!!
1	This place charged me $60 up front to replace the soles on a pair of shoes. They ruined the shoes and would not refund me my money. JR said his employee messed up the shoes. The second time I went back he said he was going to repair the shoes.  The shoes looked worse after the second repair. JR gave me the shoes in a circle k bag the second time. The shoes are now two toned. One color on the top and the sides were a different color. The shoes were a solid color when I brought them in originally. I asked for my money back and he said no. He said he would repair them himself a 4th time. No discount was offered for the inconvenience.JR was totally unprofessional and rude. I just wanted my money back for the work that he did. I didn't ask him to replace the shoes all together.
1	Absolutely the worst customer service I have ever experienced. There are many shoe/handbag repair places to go in the area, I would go anywhere else but here. I stopped by to have a bag repaired, all the signs say that they are open (open-COME ON IN) but I found the door locked. I called the number on the door, and asked when they would be back open. The person who answered the phone very angrily told me that "we are closed, and I am on camelback so I can't talk to you." I then told him that he should maybe change his signs to say closed, instead of getting angry when a customer calls him, and then he hung up on me. Word of advice: treat customers, or people on general for that matter, with respect, whether you're open or closed.
5	So thankful for JR Shoe repair, surprised husband with fixing an old pair of work boots.  Picked them up the next day, great price, friendly service.  Didn't expect my husband to be so surprised.  They're now his favorite boots to wear every day.  I also had my knife's sharpened.  Fabulous place, great prices, quality repair shop,  highly recommend.
5	I have been using JR for eight years and he is by far the BEST shoe repair man in the valley in my opinion.   He comes from a multi generational line of shoe repairmen and his quality is top notch.  I live a distance from his shop and pass by three other shoe repair shops just to take my shoes to JR.  JR has always been professional and has repaired my shoes in a timely manner.  I highly recommend JR  for all leather works, luggage repair, knife sharpening, and shoe repair.  His work is high quality and he takes pride in his work!!!
5	I have brought boots and shoes here for years.  JR always does great work at a fair price.  He can even sharpen knives.
5	Took our shoes here for a quick clean up and re polish. Not only did he do a great job on the shoes, but he filled in some scuffs and put a new heel on the shoe for us. Great guy!
