5	I had an incredible experience. It was super clean, comfortable, personable and new advanced high technology. I felt comfortable and relaxed. The staff was very attentive and engaged with me. Dr. Jacobsen was very thorough and educational. All my questions were answered and I left with a great outlook on dental health. I went in for replacement of a veneer on my front tooth and was very apprehensive. The whole process was streamline and painless! My new veneer turned out incredible, even though I was really nervous about how it was going to look. After this experience I am excited and confident about all my dental needs. You need an amazing dentist, go see Dr. Jacobsen at Starfire Dental.
5	I don't know where to start when it comes to Starfire Dental, Dr. Jacobsen, and his incredible staff! In a quant Business Park right across from Starfire Golf Course resides a new dental practice I located after searching intensely on Yelp. Dentist decisions are never easy ones. When you meet a dentist who is knowledgeable, makes you feel comfortable, and executes exceptional work you don't become a customer you become a patient, for life. Starfire Dentistry is where I will be a patient for life.While discussing the pain I was experiencing over the phone prior to the appointment, the receptionist spoke in terms that made me feel like my concerns were valid and Dr. Jacobsen would identify the problem and I would leave with a resolution. Tracey the receptionist is incredibly helpful. The environment of the office is one of a family inviting office without the stale feeling like many other dentist offices.I was able to watch some of the Ray Rice explosion via their huge television in the waiting room, even though, I didn't even have a wait. Dr. Jacobsen is empathetic, careful, and explains the 'why' behind the 'what'. When your mouth is being forced open by uncomfortable objects the last thing you want is someone working forcefully in your mouth and not saying anything. Dr. Jacobsen allows the patient to understand the method of his practice, how the procedure will enhance your smile, and if he discusses an additional appointment being required he gives you homework (paperwork he fills out with pictures... you know for us who didn't go to school to become a DDS) solidifying, the feeling of safety and satisfaction of you receive being Dr. Jacobsen's patient.Another thing I apprecaite about Dr. Jacobsen is his ability to teach his assitant. He explains things to her (she just graduated from dental assistant school, I am nosy so I asked) he takes the time to explain why she is giving him a certain tool and how it will impact the patient, me. Dr. Jacobsen is innovative in technology, being able to create crowns in house through a 3D machine and the hardware to create the tooth while you wait. Impressed was an understatement. You don't have to wait for the Lab to create my crown? You are making it right now...? While I sit here peacefully with a view of the links at the golf course.... Are you going to make me a latte and do my taxes too? That is the volume of excitment I felt anyway! :-) I always like to leave businesses with some sense of my thoughts on how to improve, but I can't suggest anything to Dr. Jacobsen and the practice he has cultivated. Insurance matters, cleanliness, professionalism, and walking out the door with a clean and white smile has me feeling more confident in my upcoming appointments with Dr. Jacobsen.
5	I couldn't be happier with my experience. I've had horrific dental care elsewhere that now gives me serious dental anxiety, and Dr. Jacobsen and his staff took extra good care of me to make sure I was well cared for and comfortable. I absolutely recommend Starfire Dental.
5	I can't say enough positive things about my experience with Dr. Jacobsen and his team at Starfire. From the moment I walked into the office I was treated like a valued guest rather than just another guy with a cavity. Dr. Jacobsen took time to explain what was actually happening and made a recommendation for a treatment plan. He has a very warm personality and is not heavy handed like some other dentists I've used before. I required a crown replacement and Dr. Jacobsen has a machine that makes the crown in a few minutes. It's so awesome that I didn't have to use a temporary crown while one was made and shipped out. It saved me another trip to the office and was an exact fit for my bite. Thank you Dr. Jacobsen. You are far and away the best dentist I have ever visited and will always come back to your office!
5	Dr. Luke is not only sincerely kind and caring with awesome bedside manner, he's an amazing dentist. After doing my research I chose Dr. Luke because of his skill set and specialty work he learned working on an Indian reservation. He does quality prep work which is what makes all the difference when you want a perfect end result. You can even get a crown in a single appointment! He also uses a top notch lab. Bottom line your teeth will look amazing, feel amazing and you'll feel at home with a dentist for you and your family for life.
5	All I can say is Dr. Jacobsen and his staff are amazing!I called late yesterday afternoon and explained I had 3 broken molars...one of which is now cutting my tongue because the broken edge is so sharp.It had gotten so bad that I couldn't eat, sleep or talk for four days. He told me to come in at 8am this morning and he would take care of it.Long story short, 3 molars out, he fixed my front tooth that had a huge chip for the last several years and a restoration plan. The chip repair looks just like the original except better...he filed my other front teeth so then had a more even line. Whatever the stuff is he used on the chip is amazing! Perfect color and texture...looks like they did when I was a teenager!They were fast, efficient, funny and cost effective. If you need dental work done, I cannot recommend anybody else but Starfire Dental.Thank you so much Dr Jacobsen and crew...you have a new, life-long patient now!
