3	I have had a few negative experiences here that I'd rather not say. If you are planning to visit the hospital expect to wait, it is like going to the DMV it is more quanity then quality healthcare.
3	This is not a bad hospital. I have been there twice and so far haven't had a bad experience. Staff was friendly and answered all my questions. Had 15 minutes waiting time with appointment.
4	Of course you have to wait, it is a military hospital.  But, they were absolutely excellent in caring for my wife during her migraine, and me for appendicitis.  I am glad to have a great staff of techs, nurses, and docs available.
4	I had the pleasure to spend about 3-6 hours in the emergency room recently and was happy that my healthcare was better than previous visits. The nurse and medical techs were very friendly and made me very comfortable and were well educated. The doctor was very nice and the wait time was much better. I do think the time matters when deciding to go to the ER.
1	Worst hospital ever and I have been to other MTF's and civilian hospitals! This is also a VA hospital so you always have to wait a month for something as simple as a follow up but there are plentiful PAP SMEAR appointments. I guess the doctors here would rather look at vajayjays all day! Nurses never call me back. The doctors don't care about quality patient care. No decency or bed side manner. I wouldn't trust them with my life. I always get a 2nd and 3rd opinion. Tax payer dollars are wasted at this place. I would rate it 0 stars if I could!
3	It was a decent hospital... its the first military hospital I've ever been to so I really have nothing else to compare it to. Staff were nice and friendly, and my doctor was really nice. I got there about 45 mins early cuz i had no idea where it was, and i had a feeling it would be packed, I ended up having to wait about 30-45 mins with my appointment. I'm not a patient person, but no  matter what hospital you go to, you'll always have to wait. I prefer to just go to a doctors office. I wish they had separate doctors offices vs all the docs being in the hospital.
3	So i want to give it 5 stars because my family dr is awesome!!! He was very thurogh and got donw to the problem, didn't try to rush out did all the tests he needed to do as well as suggest other clinics to help out. Now for minus one star was because the Labs ppl aka Blanca... does not know how to draw!! She tried 3 times and I look like a druggy! bruises on my hand,forearm,inside elbow... It was def the worst experience I had plus she did not listen to me when i said to use the butterfly!!! ugh so itsbeen 5 days now and I still have huge bruises... They are clean and the women's clinic nurses are very nice and genuine people who care how we feel...The podaitry clinic is great Dr. Synder is awesome and thurough I have to say I would never go to Family med for an ingrown toe nail let the dr's who specialize in it do it!!!
5	Pretty good :)
5	I love being assigned to a base with a full service hospital on it.1. ER: I've been here a few times of the course of this year, I've always had GREAT service, been seen quickly, discharged quickly. Followed up with routinely.2. Out Patient Surgery: My son had a urology surgery here, his doctor was fantastic, he booked all of our follow up visits, called several times to check in on him. TOP NOTCH bedside manner.3. Family Practice: My PCM is fantastic, she listens to my issue, thinks outside the box, for once in my career and marriage I do not feel like a last 4!4. Lab: Friendly,polite and quick with what they do.5. Pharmacy: Polite,helpful, quick and easy!6. Pediatrics: FANTASTIC, excellent bed side manner as well.I don't have to be seen on base since we live just outside of the time limit, but we CHOOSE to be seen on base because of their excellent level of bedside manner and care. It will ONLY get better as the VA part moves to their own facility.
1	Family medicine is so awful, I cry every time I have to make an appointment.
1	Applies to E.R.: When you're talking about life and death or your health and well being 3 stars can be a death sentence. I feel sorry that Veterans who took so much risk for our country have to put up with only three, count 'em, 3 star service at a health care facility. If you have the unfortunate opportunity of ending up there then you better know exactly what is wrong with you because I can assure the doctors have little chance of finding out. If your head is missing it will be days before they find out and in that time you will likely be treated for low blood pressure. NOTE: The most competent people were the Air Force personnel. I had to go to the Emergency Room. I specifically told the doctor what was wrong and he ignored it and treated me for something else. The problem that was causing severe pain was not treated and I was not offered any pain medicine. 6 hours later I thought I was being punk'd and reminded the doctor why I came in. He had completely forgotten! This guy examined me, took blood samples, saw obvious signs of past trauma and then forgot. It was akin to showing him an arrow being shot through my head and then being treated for a hangnail.Three words, avoid, avoid and avoid. What a shameful thing to do to those who served. Bad service, poor care and horribly maintained Emergency Room.
3	It's not a great hospital. Okay, honest to goodness I've never had a lot of visits at medical facilities. Up until I got married and put on Tricare I had only step foot in one hospital a LONG time ago and only been to UMC Quickcares because I had no health insurance.The hospital itself is expansive and takes some getting used to to navigate. I've only been to Family Medicine for womanly checkups and of course, to the pharmacy to pick up prescriptions from said visits. I have also been in the ER because my father had to take a trip out there (by his own insistence) while he was in Vegas over a holiday. Being high ranking he got superior treatment to any treatment I or my husband has ever gotten (my husband doesn't speak too highly of this facility).Of course, since I'm basing off my experiences it's been okay, nothing spectacular and nothing to make me stop going (as if I had a choice). Medical care is hard to come by these days and I thank my lucky stars I can get seen for free and get meds for free, even though I do have to plan my appointments out 6 months in advance, and yes, I DO plan my appointments about 4-6 months out because if I don't I won't get an appointment when I want one.Main rating based on facilities, niceness of employees I've dealt with and the family/womens doctors.
3	I have no comparison as this is the only military medical facility that i've been to. It has it's good and bad moments. The staff as far as treatment of patients is hit and miss, my initial PCM was fabulous but when she left I was sacked with a PCM that is a total and complete a-hole. Of course tri-care doesn't make it super easy to change PCM's so I have yet to get a new one. Thankfully I haven't required any treatment as of late.The ER can at times be either really great or really awful. Sometimes it feels like they just want to get you in and out as quick as possible without giving the full care we deserve. Sometimes it's great and they give awesome care, like when I had to take my daughter in for a nickle being caught in her throat. In the beginning I had to give a Maj. an ear full before something happened, once things were set into motion they did a great job and were quick to help her.I hate that it takes what seems like forever to get appointments forcing you into the ER sometimes. As a result it backs up the ER and you can end up in there for several hours so be prepared.Otherwise I've had some good experiences like with labor and delivery, women's health, immunization clinic and Peds.
3	this is the first base hospital i have ever been serviced by so i dont really have anything to compare it with.  my biggest issue is with the appointment hotline. whenever i call i have to wait a MONTH to be seen.  i have heard from others that they get referrals off base but it has never been offered to me. i have always been told come in 45 min or come in a month (long story, short).  also, their available hours do not work well with anyone who works 8-5, like me.  i have had one bad experience with one of the check in staff at the office. other than that they have been friendly.  when i first started going here i had no idea who my PCM was and was not happy with the person i was seeing. this kid knew less that i did....it was a little ridiculous.  however, my PCM and the dr i saw today are both very knowledgeable and friendly. i have been happy with their services. the ER is another story. both times i have been there (once for me, once for the husband) we had had to wait 6+ hours to be seen. so im not happy with that. i have been debating switching insurance plans so i can be seen off base because it is such a hassle to get to base from an appointment in the middle of the day when i have a career and work in summerlin....i saw a sign today saying that tricare is being replaced by united health care in april 2013 so i do not know if that will change anything. i guess i need to do more research.
5	I have never been to a nicer hospital. Sure it was crowded but they handled everything with military (pun intended) precision.  I want to thank all that made my experience a pleasant and successful one.
5	Can't complain, it's amazing what medical services we get, compared to civilian medical care!   They treat our troops great for the most part!
1	This is by far the worst hospital we have been to in my 15 year career in the Airforce. All most technicians and doctors are rude and do not care at all about any individuals health. Time and time again we have gone there to get things done and they were either done wrong or not at all. I can not stress enough if you don't want a stressed life and you have tricare go with tricare standard and move off base!
1	I've had so many frustrations and problems with this hospital that I would appear obsessive if I tried to list them all.  The bottom line is that they are incompetent. There is little communication between offices and the staff appear to have no incentive to help their patients. The icing on the cake for me was when a Dr. wrote off a tumor as glitch in the MRI--without doing any additional testing or looking at my medical history.
3	Out of my husband's six years in the Army I have been to three hospitals...Two were army hospitals and the third one would be Mike O. I have to say I expected much more since it is the Air Force but I was smacked with reality..lets just say I miss my army hospital dearly lol.  This hospital has potential but I think the fact that it is a learning hospital ruins it for me. Don't get me wrong I understand we all have to start from some where but geeze! For instance, I had an appointment with my PCM and an intern was handling the beginning of the appointment and all he did was flirt/make googly eyes! Seriously?! One I am married, two I am pregnant, and not to mention I am a patient! Lets just say it was not the last time this has happened. As for the OBGYN I have mixed feelings. I am already nervous about my unborn child and interns don't exactly make me feel assured that everything is alright. Since being put under high risk though I do feel much better. Why? Well because I am seeing a doctor with real experience now. One thing I do like about the OB is that the doctors are very precautions about anything that may seem off. So it's nice to know that they take things very seriously. Like I said the hospital has potential it's just all the students who make me feel uneasy.
4	I've been here a few times now. We have been to the ER, dentistry, our PCM, optometry, and the immunizations clinic. Overall, I am highly satisfied with our experiences.ER-3/5-My husband was seen less than 10 minutes of arriving and had his X-rays etc. done right away. The only downside was the long wait we had to be seen again before leaving. We spent at least half our day in the waiting room just to get the X-ray results and my husbands leg wrapped up. Overall a mediocre experience, I don't know if I'd come here for an urgent emergency.DENTAL-3/5-My husband came in to get his wisdom teeth removed. I sat around waiting a looooong time to pick him up downstairs. When it was finally time, they sent me down to pick him up...when I got there they had the wrong person waiting for me in a wheel chair. Whoops!....I had to park and wait about five minutes since my husband was about to really be brought down anyways. He did finally come out :P so there's minus 1 point. Minus another point because my husband has had reschedules quite a few times, at least four, in a two month period for the same appointment.PRIMARY CARE-5/5-Our PCM is Dr. Harris. She is awesome! Very professional, attentive, helpful, and really eager to help you in every possible way. We saw her for the first time when my husband sprained his ankle and needed a profile done. I saw her recently for a women's health evaluation and high blood pressure concerns. She was very thorough and addressed every concern I had. I think we really hit the jackpot with her :P because I've heard not so pleasant reviews about other PCMs here.OPTOMETRY-4/5-1star deduction because you have to schedule an appointment one month prior to actually coming in, they're really busy! Besides that though, everything else is great. They have all the latest technology that most private optometrist would not have. I had Dr Helman for my visit, he was very thorough with my visit. I had my eyes dilated and was informed my eyes grew in a bit longer than usual. He informed me on the risks that may come along in the future related to that and what I will 'see' if it ever happens and what would need to be done. I've had my eyes dilated before at different optometries and never once did anyone inform me of the abnormality! I will definitely be back again next year for my annual eye exam.IMMUNIZATIONS CLINIC-5/5-I've never had to wait more than two minutes for my walk-ins. Quick, fast, and easy!
4	I don't know if there has been a lack of healthcare professionals entering the military over the past few years or what, but I'm starting to see more contractors (who probably don't even have to do all that physical fitness stuff like the rest) here than doctors with the gold leafs on their work clothes.The pediatrician I used to have before I became legal enough to have a less annoying doctor was this fat, civilian woman who looked more like she belonged in the school nurse setting than a federal hospital. IMHO she was incompetent to the point of giving me meds that didn't work or that I didn't need in the first place. I had the typical zits and blackheads that nearly every teen goes through in their high school days, but I was prescribed this acne medicine that made my skin worse and dry. After that, I went back to just using regular facial/blemish cleansers that you buy at the commissary.When I turned 18, I refreshingly got a new family physician. She seemed to be an intern or whatever, because she said that she needed to check with her higher-up how doing physical check-ups go for those who needed to get all of that done for ROTC. Let me tell you: any intern that works here are more likely to know their way around military culture than those who didn't go to COT or did the HPSP (Health Professions Scholarship Program). So my experience with her was better that the previous doc I had.Waiting times are pretty average, but it's tricky to set up an appointment early because so many are calling in for one. So if you wanna get checked-up, call for an appointment at least two months before.Tech got fancier over the years - now there's even a small coffee place near the lab/prescripton/radiology area. Well then; seems like the Air Force is putting its budget to decent use.I've only been to two other big military hospitals in my life, and I'm too young to remember how they compare to the one here at Nellis. I'll say it's prett much a decent hospital.
1	By far the worst care my baby and I have received. You cannot get an appointment with peds to save your life and when you do it's 2 months out at least. I've taken my son now twice to the immunization clinic to get his 6 month vaccines and each time they have been out of the vaccines he needs and has no idea when they will have it. Both times we have gone to the ER nobody has a clue as to what's wrong with us after being there 6 hours. And if you're going to the pharmacy plan for an all day trip. Seriously try to get referred off base because this place is a joke.
1	I believe this hospital and ER has been instructed to treat as little as possible,  and to make it SO difficult to be  seen that you give up and go home. While you wait - in the ER, you hear the staff complain. About hours. About patients. About how tired they are.  The doctors are jerks.  Regardless of what you know about your condition? In 5 seconds the doctor knows more than you AND your previous doctors combined. How about this Nellis AFB? Instead of another food court full of fast  Food for Fattys &  toxic GMO industrial farmed food? Get rid of ALL the food court and open That space up to an urgent care clinic?? Run by people in the business of providing care??  Who like their jobs? We can't get appointments when we're sick, the nurse won'tGet anyone  a referral to be seen off base when the clinic is booked twoWeeks out and the ER doesn't Want us in there and doesn't treat appropriately. Are you trying to kill us??? Here are my lovely experiences with Nellis AFB medical Clinic & ER: 1: clinic: I checked in as new to base.  The  paperwork  asked: "why are you here?" And "list your medical problems." Who knew the doctor could only handle 1 problem per appointment.  So while I'd listed asthma, arthritis, lap band follow up, menopause, thyroid" like their paperwork asked? Apparently I got it wrong. In the hallway- this doctor started yelling: "just who does she think she is coming in here with all this?!!  Then he proceeded to go on a rant related to lap band-- at which point I  went out into the hallway and asked him if he was referring to my chart?  He said yes. I then read him the riot act about privacy and HIPPA and asked him who he thought he was to stand out in a hallway and run down a patient where everyone in gods  name could hear him and  asked if he had he lost his mind?  Then I jerked my file out of his hands, called him an asshat and told him "thanks but no thanks" -- then I went straight to the  medical group commanders office and Tri Care and then patient advocacy.  .ER: 1:  Went to ER  concerned about 1 inch weeping gash hot spot  from a hiking fall on front shin bone And  ankle pain. I was given  an X-ray that apparently no one read and a  corset typeBrace to lace up and squeeze over my infected leg. Was told to stay off legAnd foot. Went back 3 weeks later, and it's all worse. My entire centerLeg bone is red and hot to the touch and still weeping. Well of course it's worse I've had a fractured ankle theEntire time AND a bone infection. They are not going to script me for antibiotics because"Everyone abuses and over uses them" to which I say: I've been off my leg for nearly a month, you misdiagnosed A fracture, I seriously do not want to come back in here to have this Bone scraped down at my age... I'm not some toddler with sniffles. This IS serious." Then they DC me to home. I ask... What about my fractured ankle? It's still swollen 3 times it's normal size...."Oh, continue to stay off it." Seriously??? Finally I tell them if the USAF can't afford a flippingImmobilizer boot to write a script for one and I'll go buy one. At this? They sent me to orthopedics to get a boot. It took 4.5 months to heal this 6 week problem due to their Apparent orders to discourage treatment if at all possible. ER: 2 Went in with kidney stones. Dr  argued with me I'd pulledA muscle in my back. I've had stones before.... Like I'd make this up? He discharged me with flexeril and back exercises. I went home Passed the stones, put them in an envelope and took them backTo him at the ER with a note: Here's The pulled muscle in my back.ThankYou for ALL your help."ER 3:  was there for flu, dehydration  which they did not treat. It turned into pneumonia  I privately paid a real doctor to treat.  While there , a confused elderly  vet came in completely disoriented  believing he had an appointment.  He had urinated the front of his pants. He was unstable on his feet.  The man  in my opinion as a geriatric social worker  - was  likely  in the middle of a manic episode  or off his meds for a psyche. Diagnosis. The staff, even the doctors  who spoke with this man who  obviously did not need to be  driving , did not intervene  or call APS  to assist him and help get him home or the police. He was threatening to kill himself  by the end of his time in the ER because  he had been told and had an appointment card And when he showed up they said he was wrong even tho the card he had did say his appointment  was that day.  The ER  called his clinic  who said they had cnx'd his appointment  and he  just went off the wall.   The bad part is?  The ER  Staff  let this man go and get behind the wheel of his car when he couldn't  barely string a sentence  together or walk. I guess as long as they weren't out on the highway with him they didn't care. This place is a nightmare.  Avoid.
5	Amn Hughley & PA Brown are the best!!! I cannot say enough good about them. The Air Force sure got a great deal when they enlisted these two!! They are the cream of the crop & the best of the best!! What a great team they make....I have been in the military from the day I was born (military brat) then joined active duty myself so I can say I have been around & got the T-Shirt with confidence, & these two are the best medical professionals I have ever seen so far, they go above & beyond for their patients & you can see that they really care!! Hang on to them if you can Nellis AFB, they give the Air Force a good name & something to be proud of!!!J & D Kultala
5	I get treated very well here. The nurses are wonderful and I have an excellent set of doctors.
5	People bad mouth the military medical system, but having worked there for the last four years of my Air Force career, I can say that the MOFMC is one of the best military medical facilities.  My family and I are on Tricare Prime, and we choose to have the MOFMC as our primary healthcare facility.
3	In general, I would say this is an average military medical center. The Emergency Room is treated more as an urgent care clinic than an "emergency" room, however. They have a system that includes a "fast track" for non-emergent quick fixes.... This includes a 3-bed area where those deemed quick fixes can be in and out as quickly as possible. That's great and all unless you have a more serious issue and you're being held up waiting and watching several people who came in after you waltz in and out in no time... We waited in the waiting room for 6 hours for our 6-month-old with a 104 temp to be seen by a Doctor. I would have understood the wait more if we didn't watch about 20 people who came in after us get treated and leave before we were even taken back. Also, once we were finally back, our daughter was barely given a 2-minute checkup. Just a little frustrating... Something is wrong with this overall picture. Labor and delivery would get 4 stars... They lost a star when they failed to get me out of my stinky, dirty L&D room and into a post partum room in a timely manner. If it weren't for my mom being there, I would have been lying in gross birthing fluids the entire NINE (9) hour wait for our room. And no, they weren't backed up. We finally got a room when we had visitors come. I wish they would have come sooner!!! Maybe they would have moved me sooner?! Other than that, labs and pharmacy are your average long waits you'd expect.
