5	No way, I get to bust the cherry with the first review! Phoenix Yelpers, hello???The scenery rocks from the patio. Intimate wine room for a happening get together. Cool bar when you first come in the door. The dining room is open with a fire pit in the middle. There are way too many places trying to be Scottsdale or the New Sedona, but this place keeps its Southwestern roots. Dishes that rock the house. Lobster tortilla soup with cilantro creme, yowza! Try something different with your nachos, pan roasted ahi & crab with white cheese and mango salsa. The chili lime pork tenderloin is another fave, with sun dried fruit salsa and green chili mac & cheese that kinda screwed up my world. Why have plain jane when you can have her hot cousin Lupe?
5	Had an outstanding meal here with the elk steak.  The meat was cooked to perfection.  The beet salad is out of this world ( my gf, who split the salad with me and doesn't like beets, loved it).  Everything here was top notch from the bread on the table to the mixed drinks.  This a world class steak/seafood restaurant.
5	one of my favorite places !   the place has great atmosphere and character.  the bar is a great place to unwind with friends (or meet new ones) or have dinner.  Michael or Jan will take great care of you at the bar!    The full menu is offered here.the dining area is warm, elegant, & comfortable, but you are fine to wear your favorite blue jeans.....it is cave creek. you know!i have never ordered anything from the menu that did not impress.    regardless of where i dine, if there is a rib eye on the menu, i have to try it. Cartwrights rib eye (cooked over mesquite) is consistently  my favorite!!!    from the fish dept, the sea bass is succulent!     my second favorite is the scallops. they too are cooked over wood and have great flavor/texture and are seared perfectly.you have to save room for desert......the apple fritters pair well with their local fresh roasted coffee.you can not go wrong at Cartwrights!
4	It's easy to see why this place is so popular. The ambience is relaxed yet upscale and the staff is accommodating and friendly.The sea bass was exceptionally good, and the angel hair pasta was perfect.My rib eye tasted great, although it was slightly over-cooked. Portions are generous and the deserts are exceptional. It might be somewhat of a stretch to consider this a world-class restaurant; but you can take anyone here with complete confidence they will have an enjoyable experience.
2	I gotta tell you, I want to like this place so badly I can't think straight. I live right down the street, so having a mid-upscale place to eat and drink within a mile from my house would be great...... Unfortunately, this place just sucks.... I have tried on four separate occasions and it seems to get worse each time.  The best thing I have had at this place is the beef stroganoff however, the last time I had it, it really disagreed with my stomach and my friend had it the same night and it put his stomach in knots as well. Weird. Anyway, I have tried the rib eye on a couple of occasions as well. This is a rib eye you would get at Sizzler. I'm not kidding, thin and tough as can be. I could go on and on about the lousy food I have had here but why? You get the message.Anyone who gives this place 5 stars should have their Yelp account Yanked as they are costing unsuspecting diners thousands of dollars. For those of you who are looking at this review, I can help you decide whether or not to go here very simply:If you like Sizzler, you will love this place.If you like strange sides trying hard to be exotic Top Chef fare that taste strange, you'll love this place.If you like paying high end restaurant prices for  very mediocre food, you'll love this place.If you want a great meal, great service and atmosphere and you are ready to spend the money, go down to Mastros Ocean Club or even Capital Grille. The only reason to ever go into Cartwrights is that bartender Jan. She is great and makes great drinks.PS: To Cartwrights,Why is everyone trying so hard to be creative and innovative? Keep if simple. Serve great cuts of meat, simple sides made with the best ingredients and for gods sake, make sure the servers are good. The rest will take care of itself. Leave the creativity and originality to the James Beard award winners.
4	I love this place for "date night". I recommend a reservation on weekends. It has great live bands and a wonderful menu.
5	One of our very favorite places to go eat - in the Phoenix area and in general. I love the ambiance, patio is great, service is outstanding and the food is always perfect. I think I could live on their steaks and creamed corn!
5	This is the BEST of Cave Creek! My husband took me here for my birthday. It was a pricy meal!! However, my taste buds have never.. EVER been as happy as they were at Cartwight's. Everything from the appetizer to the desert was truly amazing! Better than you know what!! The ambiance was very comfortable, and relaxing. Something that is truly a rare find in a restaurant of this caliber. (I didn't feel as if someone was looking at me and judging me for using the wrong fork. :)I can't say enough about this place. Everytime we drive by- my mouth waters! I can't wait to go back!!!
4	We had the luxury of eating here over the past weekend and what a treat. I had the 8 oz. filet (with the blue cheese on top) and my wife had the 6 oz. Both excellent! Side dishes (starch/veggie) were solid! We ordered the house wine (recommended) and also cheaper by the glass than other featured items.Also, I am thrilled to see some of the newer restaurants coming to the area. Having lived in Carefree for almost 15 years...seeing it start to boom in addition to offering restaurants with flavor instead of simply Western decor really is nice.  Waiter was extremely informative. I even joked that he could of probably been a voice over in some animated movie or tv commercial. Anyhow, thanks for a great night out. We plan on coming back next time we visit...can't wait to try the seafood.
4	great ribeye, filets, and seabass..... lobster tortilla soup is great too.... Not alot of dining options in carefree so i was happy to discover cartwrights!!
4	When I was told that Cartwrights serves 'game meats', I was worried that it would be the type of place where I would need to avoid making eye contact with taxidermied animal heads mounted on the walls. To my relief, there was neither a buffalo nor elk head in sight to gaze at me accusingly. Instead, the interior reminded me of a rustic and comfortable yet upscale ranch house. I especially liked the ambiance added by the fireplaces within each room. Although they were not lit (hey, it is summer in AZ) I can imagine how welcoming they would be on a chilly evening. Oh, the menu! It had a little bit of everything - seafood, steaks & game, poultry & pasta. It was hard to decide what to choose, since so many things looked good. I went with the salmon prepared Mediterranean style. Wise decision! It was beautiful - pan-roasted with artichokes, leeks, garlic, roasted tomato & spinach, atop pesto-tossed angel hair pasta. Almost too pretty to eat. Almost. My friend, more adventurous than I am, chose the buffalo tenderloin. Prepared medium-rare, it came with wild mushrooms and a peppercorn sauce that was beyond good. I had never tried buffalo, and was pleasantly surprised by both the texture and taste. Of course, my positive opinion could have been influenced somewhat by the mini-cauldron of mac & pepper-jack cheese... The wine list is impressive, with a wide selection of all things good that come from grapes. I have been on an AZ wine run lately, and chose the AZ Stronghold Nachise (a blend of Syrah, Grenache and Petite Sirah). My friend went with the Rutherford Ranch cab (great with the buffalo!), and we were both happy. What a nice way to spend an evening meal. Our server was outstanding - attentive but not overbearing and very knowledgeable too. I already know what I want to try next - filet mignon and the S'Mores dessert are calling to me!
1	The service is horrible and the food is way over priced for what it is (its only ok). I will never go back.
4	I'm going 4.5 stars here as I have no idea what else they could have done to bump themselves up to 5 other than perhaps not be 50 minutes away from my house which isn't their fault, but hey, I'm selfish, so there.Now that the longest sentence in the history of Yelp is finished, I will get on with my review. I went here a few weeks ago with my manfriend and his manfriend after deciding we were all collectively too lazy to cook, and crap am I glad we did! Upon entry, I was immediately pleased with the old fashioned, rustic decor. I'm talking antique wooden benches by the hostess stand, deep browns and reds throughout the restaurant including a giant copper wood burning fire pit in the center of the main dining room.Now on to the food. I'm not terribly into game meat to be honest so I knew right from the beginning I was going steak. Ended up settling with their beef tenderloin which I paired with the best god damn mac n cheese you have ever had in your entire life! I got broccolini as well which was also delicious but I would've married that mac n cheese that night. Steak was cooked perfectly, incredibly tender and flavorful, and oh so juicy.The boys were a little more adventurous than I. My manfriend's manfriend going with the trio of quail, elk and buffalo, which he killed every last bite by the way, and my date got the elk, which he talked about for 36 straight hours, so I have to imagine they were both pretty darn good.On to dessert, which for some reason we felt the need to order even though none of us could move after our entrees. I got the smores. That's right, I said SMORES. If I'm going to be honest, it was a tiny bit rich for my taste, but whatever, they had smores on their menu and that made me love them that much more.Decent wine list pretty reasonably priced in my humble opinion. Settled on a few bottles of the Row 11 Pinot to pair with our dinners that only ran us $45 a bottle if memory serves. From start to finish, I had a caesar salad to start, the petite filet with 2 sides, smores for dessert, and my share of 2 bottles of wine and my bill was like $90 or something like that. I didn't need to eat for another 2 days mind you.Oh, and this probably goes without saying but the service was impeccable. Our waitress was incredibly knowledgeable and sweet, never rushing us for a second even when we were the last table in the dining room savoring our desserts and finishing our last bottle of wine.Run don't walk to Cartwright's, you'll be glad you made the trip.
4	Pretty nice place to share a meal with someone you love. Even in my long sleeve button down and nice jeans I felt overdressed. My ribeye was cooked perfectly, but seemed to lack something that I just couldn't place. Pepper jack mac and cheese was delicious, probably the best mac and cheese I've ever had. My date's trio of meat was, um, interesting...the elk was a little gamey for me but the buffalo was awesome. Service here is incredible...we were the last table to leave and instead of ushering us out, we had a nice 20 minute conversation with our waiter (who shares a very rare last name with my date).
2	Cartwright's is the quintessential Cave Creek restaurant: rustic-meets-upscale. The decor is dark, intimate and quiet, exactly how I think a restaurant should be (I hatehatehate loud restaurants!). The wine list is extensive, and the service the hubs and I received was absolutely impeccable. Why only two stars, then? Because in a dining establishment the food should take precedence over all else, and frankly it was merely meh.Hubs and I both had steaks and they were truly bland. They weren't particularly tender or flavorful. The side of Bernaise was nice, but available at other less pricey places. Frankly we make better steaks from Safeway at home on the grill for about 1/4 of the price. We left full, yet still dissatisfied - and with out wallets that much lighter we should have been kissing the chef's feet.We don't mind spending over $100 on great meals, and do so regularly. But we actually expect a great meal for that money, not a mediocre one. We'll try someplace else next time.
4	Went there for our anniversary. We walked right in, it was pretty dead as far as ambiance goes, but it's Tuesday and it's Cave Creek. The pricing was decent and what you would expect from a steak/fish house.The wine was really good and the food was fantastic! We each had a fish, one Mediterranean style and one European style. Both were delicious! We really enjoyed ourselves. Had the creme brulee for dessert and it DID NOT disappoint. So delicious, and they wrote happy anniversary on the plate, making it special.Overall, the food was really good and the staff was very nice and accommodating. Our server was great (Josh, Justin?) and even made local recommendations for our next visit, awesome. We plan on returning again, maybe on a Saturday night.
4	Provides solid efforts in both steaks and seafood, highly recommend.
4	This place was wonderful. There were four of us and everyone of our steak dinners were delcious! Place has a wonderful atmosphere! You definitely get what you pay for!
4	Good was amazing. Little on the pricey side, but get plenty for your buck. Service and ambiance were great too. Will definitely go back.
4	Great food and lovely service. I would go back.
2	Went there for New Year's eve dinner.  We were very disappointed with the food.  Will not go back again.
4	Very good steak and wonderful service seem to be the theme at Cartwright's. The restaurant is a long drive from Paradise Valley, but our hotel concierge likes the warm Southwest feel. She nailed this one, as we had wonderful service, great ambiance and the tenderloin was really excellent. Our server made on bones about it: With her Boston accent she proceeded to dis their New York and push the Sirloin and Tenderloin. I thought this was a Boston v New York thing, but she insisted. The medium rare tenderloin melted in my mouth and the mac n cheese is excellent.The prices are extremely reasonable. We had a great time and enjoyed this dining experience!
4	Fan-flipping-tastic!   We were up in Cave Creek for a concert at Janey's coffeehouse...and we were early and stumbled into this restaurant.  Although time was a little tight...they were able to seat us and serve us in time for the concert.The menu has so many wonderful sounding dishes.  I loved my elk burger and my wife had some sort of steak medalions.  Both were delicious.The staff were super attentive and friendly.  Highly suggest you give them a try!
4	Unfortunately, the first thing I smelled upon entering the restaurant was the sewer out front.  However, when I walked in, I was pleasantly surprised by the rustic, yet classy ambiance.  The ahi tuna and oyster appetizer was delicious.  My husband enjoyed his juice and well seasoned Ribeye steak.  The dessert was an awesome, crunchy, not-too-sweet apple fritter with cream dipping sauce.  I would have have given this place 5 stars, but the waitress forgot about us after dinner was served and it took over 15 minutes to find her to get the check.  We will still return and try some additional dishes.  If you are looking for a "nice, sit-down" restaurant in Cave Creek...this is the place!
5	One of my wife and my fave's in AZ.  Hand's down a great Arizona dining experience -- food, service, location.I just took my mom for her bday.  The waitress mis-heard her order for sparkling water and brought sparkling wine.  I mentioned she just wanted bubbly water, she smiled, said no problem and came right back with the water.  The entrees are just wonderful, love the imagination of the chef and the spices.  Always fresh new ideas on the menu too.If in Phx/Scottsdale area and looking for a special meal, consider Cartwrights.
5	We love Cartwright's!  I've lived in Cave Creek for 5 years and have dined here many, many times. The food here is superb and the service is even better. My absolute favorite is the beef stroganoff. The lobster bisque is great and you can't beat their wine list. They have a great happy hour too. Their black bean hummus is super yummy. Even if I didn't live in Cave Creek I'd make the drive.
5	This is just a fabulous place!  Beautiful. So Cave Creek! Gorgeous. Western and classy at the same time. I had the filet with bernaise AND bleu cheese...just deadent! My husband had the prime rib with fresh asparagus and a giant baked potato. This is a real steak house! wine and beer list were superb and service was wonderful. will go back!
4	Cartwright's has redeemed itself! The hubs & I decided to give it another go after none of our usual Cave Creek/Carefree haunts held our interests that night. Unlike last time we avoided the steaks, but the hubs had fish & I had the prime rib. Everything was excellent. The service, which was never the issue in the first place, was absolutely top notch, and the waiter brought me several samples of wine when I couldn't decide which I wanted. Tip: This is a great way to get the equivalent of a free glass of wine ; )  Speaking of wine, they have wine tasting classes several times a month. We'll be adding this back into our restaurant rotation.
4	We visited the bar area for dinner. It was full when we got there, but the bartender let us know there were a couple groups getting ready to leave, and he helped keep an eye out for us. (so nice not to have to worry about jockeying the latecomer for the first open seat!). I told the bartender I wanted a mixed drink, but low-carb....and he whipped up a delicious drink using sweetener. Amazing! Dinner was great... Bartender knows his way around the menu, and recommended great appetizers and the black and blue entree. Watercress salad is great, as is the beet salad. Great atmosphere, casual or upper scale works just fine.
4	A good steak can be a hard thing to find.  First clue, no need for "steak sauce" or any elbow grease with the knife and fork. Get the trio of filets.  Beef, Elk and Buffalo.  I also had the jalapeno mac & cheese.  I could eat this all the time!!!! This stuff is like crack!  Elk is amazing meat, I had no idea.  Very flavorful.  Far less gamey than deer.This place is kind of a cross between casual and fine dining, I was kind of at a loss for what to wear or what to feel comfortable in here.They also have a solid wine list and some great aged scotches.   If you're in the mood for a steak and don't want the all you can eat of a Brazilian steakhouse, come check this place out!!!!
3	I wish we could give it more stars, but some times things do not go according to plans.  We have not been here in a few years and thought we would try it for Mother's day.  Plus we were looking for some Organic food without any hormones, chemicals or anti-biotics.  The portions are very very small and the prices are very very high. The wait staff is great, sometimes they forget things and need to ask them a few times but they eventually bring you the things you ask for.  The menu has changed since last time we came.  Was happy to see they have a few more apps, we did not get any as the waitress told us they were really small plates and not enough to share for the family - so we passed.  Also please beware the menu does not list all the ingredients in the food so if you have allergies please ask - for instance I really was looking forward to trying the Mac & Cheese,  I have had Mac & Cheese everywhere nothing was listed on the menu except Mac & Cheese which was the worse I have ever tasted.  Plus they put hot peppers and bacon it in, for me since I do not like pork when I ordered just plain Mac & Cheese I should have gotten it but they added stuff which is not listed on the menu which is why only a 3 star rating.The price of the 6oz elk is a little high especially since a pound of elk sells for less than ten dollars so them charging close to forty for 6 oz does not make much sense money wise.  The decor is nice, some of the tables are way to close to together and you can feel like a sardine when it gets crowded.  I like sitting in the the small room with the fireplace better than the outside larger rooms it was a little nicer.The tap water they put in the glasses is disgusting tasting, opt for the fuji bottled water. All the menus items can be changed to your liking so if you wanted something different you can get it sometimes without a charge sometimes with a charge.  All in All in was a delicious meal with just one or two problems and the food was good, the amount of food and the problem with the Mac & Cheese plus no one was willing to make an accommodation for the problem with the Mac & Cheese and I told two wait staff and my waiter and still nothing.  I even called and spoke with Anthony the next day and nothing.
4	Cartwrights is a nice getaway restaurant that has a whole lot of Southwestern / Romantic Ambiance. Its sits in the heart of the neat western town of Cave Creek and is a hidden gem if you ask me . The Prices are moderate , in fact I think the steaks are better than most Hoity Toity Steak houses , plus you get two sides and choice of sauces. The wine and cocktail list is excellent . It's an institution for us when we have family in town. Plenty of options for everyone and you will not be disappointed. My most favorite is the lobster, its prepared to easily eat and served with a beautiful Beurre Blanc. Highly recommended !
5	I have NEVER had a bad meal here! Amazing food, wine list and overall a great little gem in Cave Creek. My husband and I frequent this place for dinner (the tenderloin trio is amazing) and I would recommend this place to anyone who loves a fantastic meal. It's also very romantic in the winter, cozy with a nice fireplace!
2	We had never eaten here before.  Parking is in a very dark gravel lot.  We came without reservations and were seated quickly.  Food in general was satisfactory.  We had house special rib steak on a bone for $46.00.  Baked potatoes were hours old and barely warm.  Side sauces: wine sauce great and bearnaise was cold and separated.  Salad was a small plate of a few micro greens and dressing ($8.00).  Bread on table was warm and wonderful.  Desert was chocolate and to die for.   Decor was average and nothing special.  Service was ok: first too much and then missing in action.  Very pricey for an ok dinner.  I would not return.  Really way too much to pay for just an average meal.
5	One of the best restaurants in the Valley and easily one of the best in the entire Cave Creek/Carefree area.  Service is perfect, the food is outrageously good and the wine list is a dream.  Expensive, but you will gladly fork over the money after you finish your dinner.  The place to take your out of town guests to if you want to impress them with good food and sophisticated dining.
4	Great place in Cave Creek!  Love the western decor and atmosphere, the service was fantastic, and the food was great!  I enjoyed the lobster tortilla soup and the pork chop with glazed carrots and scalloped potatoes...yummy!  The portions are big, so I took a few carrots and the pork chop bone with some meat home to my dog...she loved it too!
5	We have been here several times with family and for the romantic dinner for two and found both experiences outstanding.  In Scottsdale we often forego inflated pricing for a sub par dining experience not so here.  While you will certainly pay top prices you will also get what you pay for.  Delicious steaks, sea food and interesting appetizers.  Did I say delicious I meant it!  Without doubt one of the best ribeye steak dinners in the valley cooked to perfection, tender and full of flavor and you can choose from 3 or 4 different topping schemes depending on your mood.  Fantastic decor great service need I say more.  If your in Cave Creek looking for a great meal search no further than Cartwrights.
3	Western style place in Cave Creek pretty casual.  Steak is good although i have had better.  Usually sit at the bar and bartenders are friendly.  Bread is fabulous there, Gin and tonic cant go wrong, spinach is okay.  My friend had the yam with tortilla strips and have to say that was pretty fantastic also.
5	Actually this is not so much a review as a warning for Cartwright's customers.  But for the good news; went out on a limb and took my family here for Thanksgiving dinner with low expectations so as not to be disappointed.  It couldn't have been more the opposite.  Everything from beginning to end was perfect - service, ambience, seating, and selection and amount of food was incredible, along with a very good wine selection.   We had a very nice time.Now the warning; we arrived in separate cars and when leaving I noticed a Cave Creek sheriff sitting on the northwest corner right outside of Cartwright's.   Not far behind us was our son in his car and the sheriff pulled out and followed him for a mile and a half before pulling him over.  He looked in the back seat and saw the Cartwright's to-go bag and asked if he was coming from Cartwright's.  Duh!  Then he asked if my son had been drinking (he is 29 and does not drink) and he replied he had not.  The officer then  made him do a field sobriety test, which of course he passed.  He then asked if my son minded if he searched his car, and he said "Actually, yes, I do.  I've given you no probable cause for a search and it's my right to decline."  The sheriff said "And it's my right to ask."  After more questions and trying to intimidate my son, who probably irritated him by being friendly and polite, he explained that the speed limit reduced right there from 35 to 30 and he gave him a speeding ticket for going 5 mph over.  Quite obviously he was hoping for the big DUI or drug bust and was disappointed settling for that.  So Cartwright customers need to be aware of the sweet little trap the CC cops have set up and maybe put your leftover bags in the trunk where they can't see it and automatically assume you're over the limit.   And beware of the speed limit change.
5	Great food, great staff.Steaks are priced in the mid $30 range
1	Enjoying Friday out for a steak during Bike week and had the pleasure of dining with the four mice that occupy the patio fireplace. The staff was stunned then entertained by the thought. Management didn't seem to care either. Disgusting
2	Interestingly, we had great anticipation for a great dinner.  Sadly, we had a server who was so aggressive that it really undermined the experience.  She was more suited to be the person you encounter at a car wash asking if you want your windshield fixed, your car waxed, your interior lathered... it was really annoying.  I love Cartwright's so we will give them another try and we had a wonderful experience at Tonto B&G earlier in the day.  Let's just remember the goal of creating a great customer experience.
5	You can only hope that, on every vacation or long business trip, you will have at least one simply wonderful meal.  On my recent trip to the nearby Boulders resort, our dinner at Cartwright's was the one.  Everything we had was somewhere between "very good" and "amazing", with the "Cheyenne Indian Buffalo & Chipotle Sausage" appetizer, the buffalo tenderloin and the cinnamon ice cream with homemade peanut brittle being the real standouts.  I suspect we may have been served by the same waitress that "Nathan L." (in a previous review) was served by.  She did seem a little high-strung and humorless for the job, but she did her job well enough and her co-workers were all excellent.
2	A Thanksgiving "dont".  A total turkey.   We were looking forward to a nice meal with our adult children and grandchild.  We were offered a selection of salmon, turkey, and beef, which came with appetizers, sides, and desserts, all inclusive.  Our granddaughter wanted green beans.  She is 3, and frankly, the fancy stuff just does not impress her.  So here came a plate of green beans, which were taken away as soon as dinner arrived.  The staff is VERY quick on the withdraw.  We requested they bring the green beans back, and she got a plate of fresh - and very hot green beans.  We ate our meals, very nicely plated and well seasoned, but frankly, it was not even close to impressive, very tiny portions too.  I'm sure they were churning these meals out quickly in the kitchen, as it was very crowded in the dining room.  Our bill was over $300.00,( there was one glass of wine in that mix), because they mistakenly charged us for the 3 year old.  Even though the waitress asked us how old she was.  Nothing was very hot, nothing was very good, and I think that the price was totally out of line.
5	Nothing but amazing!!!!! Try the elk oscar style, heaven on a plate!!
3	Food good service sucked. Waiter thought he was European and was pretentious as hell
5	My wife and I celebrated our 40th wedding anniversary dinner here and it was our first visit.  The service, atmosphere and food were excellent.  We had the salmon and pork chop.  They were cooked to perfection!  We were very pleased with experience and cannot wait for our next visit.
5	What  you have in Cartwright's is a pretty standard steakhouse that does everything right and doesn't charge an arm and a leg.  The ambience is typical western and comfortable and the service was fine.  The steaks are pretty good, and I say this based on the "sampler", which is 3 oz. each of beef, buffalo, and elk tenderloin.  These were well prepared and tasty, especially the elk which is as good as any elk I have had anywhere.  The halibut was also perfectly cooked and seasoned.  I wouldn't call Carwright's inexpensive, but for a steak house you usually expect to pay more than $30 for an entree.  Furthermore, you can get 2-for-1 couples, for example using the Preferred Restaurants card.
3	Cartwright's is American Cuisine fused with Southwest ingredients. You have to give them credit for preparing everything in-house daily that means sauces,  breads and desserts. They proudly let you know they only use all natural steaks and mesquite grill them. They even employee a rising star pastry chef that prepares the desserts for Cartwright's and the sister restaurant Tonto.They started us off with a nice fresh baked bread sampler and some really ice cold better that cracked the bread when you tried to spread butter on it. I started out with a bloody mary and I was impressed that they rimmed it with celery salt ( a nice touch ) but then after the vodka only added Mrs. T's Mix to it. Maybe this drink is out of style I don't really know but I thought a nice flavorful bloody mary with horseradish , maybe a dap of hot sauce and worcestershire would go really well with steaks in this old fashioned looking kind of place. Switched to wine it was fine.Our server made the special salad of the evening sound really good and her story of the chef going out and picking the flowers from ocotillos impressed us so we split one of those salads to try. They did present us with two beautifully prepared salads. That were pristine fresh and had all the fruit and vegetables hand cut fresh to order. For me this might have been the high light of the meal. The rest was good for it's price point and I'd go back!3.5 Stars
5	We hit Cartwrights last night for Restaurant Week & had a PERFECT, non fussy, meal from the grilled quail in blueberry sauce to the smokey au gratin potatoes & perfect grill pork chop to the amazing truffles.  My husband's ribeye was devoured quickly & I found his fork in my delicious potatoes!  Ah yes, the service...?  Even better.  Our server, Denise, made everyone in the room feel like her guest.  She brought us a taste of her favorite Shiraz.  Cartwright's is in our "favorites" list, along Denise!!  PS:  The friendly little hostess even seemed to love her job!!   She told us about the upcoming History Dinners where they'll feature a famous Arizona historian/story teller along with a special Chef dinner.  We'll be back for Bob Boze Bell's storytelling & another special dinner!!   Yum.
5	So delicious! Enjoyed restaurant week and the scalloped potatoes. Pastel de Tres Leches was the best dessert I've ever had!
5	Top shelf range meat and service in a casual environment! Elk, Bison, Beef.
4	We've been here twice now, and both times have been great! The service and food are both top notch. I got the bone in ribeye my wife got the New York strip, both were cooked perfectly. The sides and sauce options are all very good. A little pricey but expected in Cave Creek, well worth the drive.
5	We were trying to decide on eating at Flemings when we found this place. I'm glad we decided to eat here because it was fantastic. The steak was cooked right and was a good cut as well. The best part for me was the price. I guess I'm just used to paying $150 for a good steak dinner at this point because I was quite surprised when my bill was half that price.
5	Being fairly new to Cave Creek we would normally drive to Scottsdale for a good steak. Since my mother was in town visiting, I asked my neighbor what she thought of Cartwrights. After her recommendationi, and reading reviews on here, I decided to take my mother out for a nice dinner (she is a wonderful cook and usually doesn't like restaurant food).Needless to say, she raved about the food to myself and our server. Our food was amazing! We both ordered the rib eye and shared the chocolate cake for dessert. After having great steaks at Mastro's, Durants, etc, I think last night's dinner at Cartwrights beat them all. I normally don't leave reviews, but our dinner was so delish that I had to say a good word. Cartwrights is now going to be the place I bring all of my company to, to show off the wonderful restaurants here in the Scottsdale/Cave Creek area.
4	Vacationing in Carefree and decided on Cartwright's for our first night. So glad we did! The bread that started us off was the best complimentary bread I've ever had - onion and fennel. The menu had a lot of options and plenty of ways to customize the meal. I had the shrimp Sonoran style, which was very unique to the area. A little on the pricey side, but worth it.
5	I really do love this cozy steakhouse! First of all, I love Cave Creek. It's got cowboy charm and fun everywhere you turn. Whether it's live bull riding, eclectic shopping or simply setting up shop at a coffee shop, the town has character. Cartwright's falls into this category of character and charm. It's a fine dining steakhouse that welcomes "cowboy couture" complete with wranglers and a cowboy hat. Walking in, I was welcomed by the wooden beams and old Arizona charm. You would never expect such character inside, by looking at the restaurant from the outside. Now on to the food, oh the food! I ordered the steak sandwich which melted in my mouth! It was tender perfection at its finest. The sandwich is open face with a steak smothered in blue cheese placed on top and complete with a big onion ring. Every bite was better than the next. I am the first to admit that I gobbled up every bite and didn't look back. Before the sandwich, I had the tomato and mozzarella salad which was a fresh way to start the meal. The tomatoes tasted like they were straight from the garden and accompanied the fresh mozzarella perfectly. We ended our feast with my favorite type of dessert...the s'mores! However, these aren't your typical s'mores. These are s'mores with a culinary kick! They came in a skillet pot with a chocolate souffle at the bottom and marshmallow on the top. The server then lit the marshmallow on fire and let it sit until it was burned enough for us. Once we were ready, we blew out the flame and consumed the delicious dessert. Order this dessert. It's sinfully amazing and I continue to dream about this dessert until the next time I get to visit.
4	I usually don't visit steakhouses, no, I am not a vegetarian, I just don't eat beef very often.  I came here for a birthday and it was also Restaurant Week.  The menu for restaurant week was delicious, I liked it even better than the regular one.  We started with a cocktail, I wanted a Moscow Mule, I think they just started making them, because our server had to go check if they could make it.  It was good, not as awesome as other ones I have had.  The bread is made in house, so even though I try to avoid breads, I had to try it, twice.  It was so carbtastically delicious.   I started with the shrimp cocktail, wow, the cocktail sauce had a lot of horseradish, really spicy, but I could handle it.  For my entree, I had the salmon, it was cooked to perfection and for dessert I had the Tres Leches, I had to really had a lot of self control to not finish every bite.  I took half of the cake for my hubby.  I think I need to come back for another experience, it is a great place.
2	Went last night as this is one of our favorite restaurants when we are in town and was so very disappointed. The decor has changed and is more casual and open compared to intimate. That being said we were talking up the food to our friends as it was their first visit..... Well I really hope it was just a bad day for the chef as three of us ordered the Halibut (which we have had before) and all three dishes came out dry. So they did the dishes over again and believe it or not two out of the three came out dry again !! The fourth person had the bone in rib-eye and as usual it was cooked to perfection. I really hope this was just a one off experience as this is our go to favorite in the area and we will give it one more try (without the guests !!) Deserts were awesome and the wine selection as mentioned in another post is a solid list with some good price points.
5	Wow!   Cartwrights has switched their menu to include more southwest options.  Love the new menu & the food was amazing!  I devoured my Molasses covered pork shoulder.  My husband described his chorizo stuffed quail on a bed of gouda Mac & cheese as "frigging fantastic"!  Can't wait to go back & try the duck & peach appetizer!
3	I had dinner here with a friend recently while visiting. I had the trio of meat (Elk, Buffalo, and Beef) and it wasnt bad but also not phenominal. It was cooked to temperature and the portion sizes were fair but it didnt...pop. A bit underwhelming based on the existing reviews and price.My friend was fairly let down, I guess they recently had a major menu overhall which he and his wife thought wasn't as good, so regulars beware.The place itself has a nice vibe to it, with the exception of the menus...which seem like a cheap diner. Pretty sure its the first time ive ordered a 40 dollar dish off an orange laminated menu.Overall it was good but not great and wont be on my "must visit" list when I return.
4	I still love it here but I found out tonight that they changed their menu and they have removed their steak sandwich. I'm heartbroken because I love this sandwich and hope they bring it back! Their food is still amazing though and I love their atmosphere.
2	My wife and I and a few of our closest friends ate at Cartwright's a few months ago and the meal was outstanding.  My wife enjoyed it so much that she requested to go back on her birthday with our best friends only to find out that the menu and decor has changed, unfortunately not for the best.  The only consistency are the relatively high prices ($39 for a little Elk, Buffalo and Beef).  The food was underwhelming if not forgettable.  The Caesar salad had so many random Southwestern infused ingredients that I am not sure it is a Caesar salad.  For the price point there are several other better options.  Needless to say we were disappointed and will not be going back.
2	I finally went back since my initial, great experience and glowing review. Well, I guess you have to go with a company to get that "wow" factor because we just went back tonight (party of two) and either we hit them on a particularly off night....or things have changed. First off, I picked this place to come to tonight over several other really great places just because of my great experience back in May. I couldn't wait to walk in the door for dinner and smell that mix of steak and wood that was Cartwright's of memory. Unfortunately, we walked in and my first words were "What is that smell? Chlorine?" No, the whole place smelled of propane, which, we were told and was confirmed by all the help gawking in puzzlement at it, was from a malfunctioning flue above the propane powered fire pit. They had been running the pit with no ventilation....wow. The place reeked of gas. But did they shut it down for a bit, get the folks out, air it out and THEN re-open safely? Nope. They just brushed it off like it was no more than as if someone had burped and were seating folks. Hmmm. Because of this rather alarming and disgusting malfunction, I requested we sit WAY in the back room, which was not what we really wanted to do. It was pretty isolated. When I asked our waitress if the problem was fixed, she said "oh, yeah. They opened some windows and turned on the fan." The windows made sense, but the fan? Oh, to make sure the propane was circulating to everyone? Yeah....Added to the propane gas "error" was the weirdly pungent smell of what I can only hope are "new" menus, just printed. Yikes. And just because other patrons don't speak up about this stuff doesn't mean they don't care or don't notice, guys. They stink, badly. We think it was the binding material. Not what you want at a normally fine eatery. As for the food, I was hoping it would make up for the propanery and menu mistakes, but no, not this time. I ordered the 8oz filet. It came with some kind of bacon potato hash concoction which had the scent of some strong herb. We couldn't place it but my boyfriend was happy he didn't get it. haha He had mashed potatoes with jack cheese which were lovely, so I had the waitress sub out those for my hash. The steak came with a fondue sauce, which we both found interesting but oily and heavy. The steak itself, at least mine, was ordered medium-well and was pretty mealy and rather burned on the outside. The steak I had in May was one of the best I've ever had. This was just sad.The wine was the star of the evening. I had the Kungfu Girl Riesling. Amazing. Maybe if I'd had more than one glass of that, everything would have smelled and tasted better? All in all, not sure if we'll be back. Guys, don't wait until you have a room full of customers to test your propane fire pit flue. And ditch the stinky menus. As for the food, I don't know what happened tonight but it was sad.I'm more disappointed than angry. Thought we found our new restaurant.
1	This used to be my favorite go to restaurant for a nice evening out with my husband. The menu has gone tremendously down hill over these last two visits in the last couple of months.Now you get a standard boring bread basket, instead of the different yummy bread selections they used to have.  We were told it is because they were wasting so much...here's an idea, plan better with the old bread selection instead of offering up a boring bread.A couple months ago, the bread selection had dwindled, last night we were surprised at how the menu dwindled.The selections were awful. They no longer have spicy salads, different sauce selections with a fish menu.  So we tried to embrace it by ordering something new.  I ordered the fish tacos.  They were awful. Their "southwestern" cooking style was some sort of pickling of peppers.  Not a good combination!  I ate one, just trying to identify the taste.  My husband had one and couldn't even stomach half of it! They also were wrapped in two corn tortillas for each taco...overkill! We couldn't even eat the third taco.My husband ordered some sort of ranch style salad with 3 shrimp that were cold, being served in some tiny little skillet. Think the skillet was for looks since the shrimp was cold. He said there wasn't any flavor to the salad. It was very boring.Our young daughter ordered off the child's menu and had a steak, mashed potatoes,  broccoli & a tiny cup of fruit. Everything she had tasted pretty good, except the steak was incredibly salty. Way too much salt for a kid and for me. My husband thought the steak was ok.I am also going to mention the overall ambiance. It was so incredibly loud! Not sure what happened when they remodeled, but we used to be able to talk across the table and hear one another. Now it is so noisy, you have to speak loudly just to have a conversation and good luck hearing what your companion has to say.   Something on the menus stunk really badly too! Not sure if it was the wood they used or some sort of lacquer,  but it was awful. The wood in the restaurant also smelled of stain or lacquer.  Not sure what product they used, but the place needs to be aired out for a couple months so it doesn't stink so much.The only change this restaurant did that deserved a star was change their prices. They are lower. My meal used to run $28 just for my entree. Since it is no longer available, I tried nasty fish tacos for $15.  So it appears they have reduced their prices.  It is a good thing we didn't pay more than we did, because their menu change needs a lot of work!!!Our waitress was friendly, so the staff is still worth their weight in gold!I am really sad to say that my once favorite restaurant will no longer be on our dining radar. Now to find a new place to eat some really good food!
1	Where did Cartwright's go? New menu? An over-verbalized attempt by a chef thatdoesn't know a ranch from an apartment building. Most of the reviews are pre new menu. We were there on a weekend night and the place was dead. And let me tell you about happy hour. Their idea of a deal is to give you less than a half portion ofless quality for half the price. Calamari rings the size of nickels and dimes in way too much breading and 2 (two) shrimp on the shrimp cocktail. We were going to have dinner but the preliminaries said it all. Even the help snickered at our displeasureof the changes. It is obvious why it isn't 3 deep at the bar like it used to be. I guessthe owners can blame it on the economy. It wasn't broke. Bring back the abalone!Ranch House? Get Otta Dodge!
2	I was so excited to take my boyfriend to Cartwrights after I had a wonderful dinner with my mother several months ago. After sitting down I noticed right away they completely changed their menu. No longer can you pick your steak sauce and sides, and you are bound by set selections. Not only did they change their main menu, but the chocolate cake I was so excited to get as dessert has now been changed to a gluten free VEGAN cake! Vegan cake?! Who the heck comes to a steakhouse to order a vegan dessert? Come on Cartwrights why did you change something that was so wonderful? Needless to say I was disappointed in the menu change, and we headed to Mastro's for dessert to have a real chocolate cake.
4	Went with the family for thanksgiving dinner.  It was very good.  I imagine you can't go wrong at cartwrights    I've not been here before. But I will certainly return. They are a steakhouse and I don't eat beef or other large mammals.  But I will give it a shot and try their seafood.  Great service, tasty.   Good choice for thanksgiving.  $400 but not bad for four people with a couple drinks and a bottle of wine. If you visit Cave Creek and want a good dinner in a really neat place I certainly recommend it.  But here's the thing that irritated me.   And I guess maybe this is a holiday thing.  I don't mind when I have a large group at a restaurant and they add the 18% tip in the bill  Lets say 8 people or more   I get it.  But four people?  Seriously?  I always tip minimum 20%.  But if you tell me to tip 18, then that's what you get. Two couples shouldn't have the auto tip   I realize some people are cheap pricks who do 10 or whatever  but I do 20. So you dick your server. Again great food and atmosphere   But that add on tip chapped my ass  again maybe it was just the holiday, but I can take  $340 and do the math  four stars for the meal. Minus one star for unsportsmanlike conduct
5	I made reservations and took a friend to Cartwright's for Thanksgiving dinner.  They had 3 choices on the menu for the event. 1. Traditional Thanksgiving dinner. 2. Filet and 3. SalmonSince I had made a turkey dinner the night before I chose the filet and my friend had the salmon. The meal started with soup and salad. The salad had crab and watercress and was really good. The soup was also very good. The filet was cooked to perfection and so tender it melted in my mouth like butter. They served the filet with potatoes and asparagus. My friend ordered the salmon and said it was the best salmon she had ever eaten. She let me try some and it was very moist and delicious!I topped off my meal with one of their craft beers on tap that was suggested by the server.  It really added to the meal in a positive way.The service here was over the top, everyone was really nice and right on time with everything. Overall I was really happy with the meal and look forward to returning here to try one of their steaks.
4	This was my family's second year in a row at Cartwright's for Thanksgiving and it was very good again.  I rated it 4 stars this time instead of 5 for a few reasons.  Since we had a specific Thanksgiving menu I can't really compare to all the complaints I have since read here but I can understand most of them.  Not serving a baked potatoe in a steakhouse is pretty ridiculous and two in my party were disappointed with that.  Also, last year they had the most fantastic pumpkin puree appetizer and this year there was something wrong with it - sort of bitter.  The mashed potatoes may be Idahoan instants out of the package.  This year an alternate entree choice was salmon, and my husband's was perfect.  Another choice (last year's was prime rib) was sirloin steak and two were served over-cooked but they instantly replaced them with ones cooked perfect.   The side dish with that was a skillet of diced roasted potatoes and veggies that seemed to me like something from Denny's.  I have to send cudos to our server, Julie; she handled our party of six perfectly and was charming and funny.  So, yeah, I'm still a fan but if this place is under new management and they're trying to squeeze more profit out of it, they better figure out this isn't the way to do it, or Cartwright's won't be around much longer.
5	Cartwrights has been our "go to" restaurant for a long time.  My wife and I were excited to see the recent remodel of the bar area. It now has additional table seating in the bar which exudes a rustic & casual elegance. A collection of sepia photographs of the famous Cartwrights ranch north of Cave Creek shares a historic visual of their origin.We have found the servers to be consistently friendly and knowledgeable about their menu and wine list. The old uniforms have been replaced with western shirts and jeans which add to the comfortable "ranch" atmosphere.The remodel of the bar provided a much needed addition of draft beer. There are about 10 great craft beers including regional as well as local gems.  The bottle program has been expanded too.  (They also have an amazing root beer on tap.)The menu has changed, but I have not tried all of the new items. I can say their Mac & Cheese with Quail may be the best I have had. There is a medley of cheeses and the smoked gouda provides the predominant flavor. This dish is memorable!  Raised in the mid-west, I LOVE red meat.  The beef tenderloin cooked medium rare is as good as you will find in the valley.  I plan on trying the trio of elk, bison & beef next time we go in. Their ribeye could be the gold standard of beef in the valley. A New York strip has been added to the menu, but I have yet to try it.The desert menu has also been updated, but I have only tried the lava-carrot cake served with a sassafras ice cream (that is made in house), because it was so good, i have had it each time we have been in....there are a couple of others that deserve a taste.The Cartwright's experience has been stepped up a notch and can now be enjoyed for LUNCH as well as dinner.  I'd recommend Cartwrights all day long.
1	It breaks my heart that I am giving Cartwrights one star but, as my fellow Cartwrights devotees can attest to, things have changed recently for the much worse. I have been eating here for ten years. Its a special occasion place where everything is fresh and delicious. The new, laminated menu has erased most of the great dishes and combined things in a ludicrous way. The new beet salad had a small slice of a canned beet on it and was completely inedible with some sort of awful mustard dressing. The breads were different and the famous southwest cornbread was gone. The steak came with a side of canned corn (you could taste the brine), and was nowhere near fresh and likely frozen. I wasn't going to write this review, as this happened a few months ago, but I see many have had the same experience. I am a proud ten year resident of Cave Creek. I have recommended this restaurant to friends, brought people here on several special occasions and have always referred to it as one of the best restaurants in town. This review is written in the hope that they change everything back to the way it was.
4	Still love it! We have been a few times after the new menu, and last weekend we noticed  it has changed a bit again. Namely, two key steaks are back: the filet and ribeye. Yay for this!! My hubs and our two other guy friends loved the filet. I enjoyed the club salad with shrimp (sweet, jumbo grilled white Mexican shrimp....delish!)  Can we talk customer service? One person in our group had just had knee replacement surgery, and the servers and management were exceptionally accommodating, bringing a side chair for him to elevate, and offering to bring pillows and ice packs.  That's great service and great food. And the new bar area is fantastic. We love it.
1	I would have given this restaurant 0 stars but the ratings did not go that low. I live in Cave Creek and have come here for YEARS and YEARS on a regular basis. Their steaks were delicious and ambiance warm, western upscale, yet inviting. The recent changes to this restaurant now include very uncomfortable seating, cheap plastic menus and a rather disgusting menu..can you spell 'Elk-balls'! ICK!!! I can only assume the owner has had a mental breakdown or there is a new owner as the changes made over the last few months have sadly ruined this wonderful steak house. Besides a new seating area that looked a step above Arby's, the menu items were unrecognizable. The owners were so busy trying to be different, and nouveau that they have gone to ridiculous lengths to serve food prepared badly with idiotic food combinations and unrecognizable concoctions. The food servers seemed embarrassed by the changes, other patrons seem unhappy, the food terrible and service so, so. I personally saw a group of dinners seated, then walk out in disgust. We deliberated doing the same however 'stuck it out' to see if it was all that bad..IT WAS!! Avoid this excuse of a restaurant at all costs!! Will not be back unless they can prove they appreciate their customer, seat them to be comfortable..not to hustle people in and out efficiently, and bring back their former cooks, menu and ambiance. Note to management..nouveau in Cave Creek DOES NOT WORK!! Look at the HUGE turnover in the restaurants that go nouveau. Regulars like well prepared recognizable food they can depend on. Snowbirds (a huge part of Cave Creek's patrons) are no-nonsense folks that want food they can depend on, well prepared and recognizable, visitors will to to Scottsdale for nouveau if they want it..not drive to the end of the earth on Cave Creek for the 'unexpected'. New owners need to seriously reevaluate lest you will be resorting to coupons, sign twirlers at the driveway entrance and an empty restaurant! Get smart or get ready to seek employment in another field!
4	WOW, a new place with a very different menu. A must to try. Real nice bar also. Belly up!
5	Excellent food and wait staff!  The ribeye steak was great - full of flavor and complimented with delicious sides. My wife had the Turquoise salad and loved it!  We'll be coming back!!
5	There are a number of restaurants in the valley that try too hard to be southwestern. Cartwright's nails it without smacking you in the face with the decorations.As soon as you walk in you're transformed. Ever watch old episodes of Bonanza? Remember the ranch house? It's sort of that feeling.  Rustic, but classy.The food and the service are both terrific. The servers are knowledgeable, friendly and more than happy to explain things.  They have an extensive menu and they even have gluten-free selections.  I don't come here often so I always order the same things. For an appetizer try the Red Chili Elk Balls (not only are they good but it's fun to say and no, they aren't really elk testicles). My go-to entree is the trio of tenderloin medallions: 3-oz each of beef, elk and bison buffalo.  How many opportunities do you have in life to have elk and bison buffalo? Don't let this opportunity pass you by.  Sadly I'm always too full when it comes time for dessert so you're on your own there.  I did notice that they have vegan and gluten-free dessert choices so if you're trying to appease your vegan friend that just watched you devour beef, elk and buffalo this might work out for you.
1	There were 8 in our party and our night didn't start off very well because there were small pieces of broken glass on our table. When I notified our waitress she looked at the table like I didn't know what I was talking about. Now about our Terrible meals we ordered. 3 of us ordered the beef brisket. I tasted my wife's and none of us liked the sauce they put on it.My friend ordered the so called Quail on a bed of Mac and Cheese. Where do I begin to say all the wrongs things about his dish. Lets just say He was not happy at all. The presentation of the dish didn't even look appetizing, and the quail looked like a mashed piece of meat.His wife ordered the best looking dish, and it wasn't even on the menu. Apparently they changed the menu a few months ago and had to ask for a special order.She had the fried scallops and scalloped potatoes. That looked the best out of all of our orders.My son ordered the Jidori Chicken, there were 2 tiny pieces of the smallest chicken I have ever seen. That was another dish that really didnt even look appetizing. And I ordered the Rib-eye steak. This place used to be a steak house and with the steak that I got, you would think it came from Walmart. My mashed potatoes were bland and dry with no flavor so I used my friends melted butter to kind of dress it up.I am giving it a 1 star for the small side salad I paid 9.50 extra for.Needless to say we will not be going back there, and with the menu selection, I don't believe this place will last much longer, unless they survive off of the snow-birds that don't know any better about this terrible place.
5	We've been here a few times in the past year and have never been disappointed.  The decor is "upscale Cave Creek"; don't feel like you need to wear a tie. You wouldn't stand out if you wore jeans as long as they aren't the same jeans you wear to wash the car.They have an incredible menu.  A wide selection of salads and appetizers. You have to try the Sonoran Sausage; it has elk, beef and buffalo in it - where else are you going to get a sausage like that? Oh and it's very good.  Salads and appetizers are in the $8 to $12 range.The entrees should satisfy any taste.  They have pork dishes, chicken, and your choice of about seven kinds of fish prepared the way you'd like it - pick Asian, Mediterranean, European or Sonoran.The big draw here are the steaks and game.  They come with sides included.  Elk, beef, buffalo and lamb (or a combination of them) are on the menu.  You get to pick a starch (potatoes, rice, mac and cheese), pick a sauce and pick a veggie. The staff is attentive and knowledgeable.   They know their menu and are happy to answer any question. They'll even offer advice if asked.
1	SO DISAPPOINTING!!!  Cartwright's was our favorite restaurant for special occasions and just for a nice evening out.  Last May we had  our daughter's in town and enjoyed the usual fantastic experience.  In November we returned looking forward to a wonderful dinner and couldn't believe how bad it was!!!  We even asked if there had been  a change of ownership, chef etc. but received NO to all our inquiries.The menu is so unbelievably weird that the Chef must have been high on something when he composed it and tried to put the most unusual combination of ingredients into each and every item!  It took us forever to decide what to order!!!  I finally had the Turquoise Salad - ok and we shared a ribeye.  We specifically asked for unseasonedsteak so the flavor is not disguised.  However, when it came we could tell it had beenmarinated and covered with black pepper that had been scraped off to satisfy us  without recooking the steak. The server said "all their steaks are marinated" --- a bad sign of cheaper cuts!  The service was spotty as the waiter flew by and occasionally stopped by.  I noticed an adjoining table of 6 were also as disappointed as we were in the service and the food.WHAT HAPPENED CARTWRIGHT'S!?!?!?!?!  PLEASE GO BACK TO YOUR OLDER WONDERFUL WAYS -- the place was impossible to get into to and now I doubt that's a problem.  We know FOR SURE WE WON'T BE RETURNING and friends of ours have said the same thing ----- SO VERY SAD!!!!!
1	Used to be great, however, they changed the menu and now it is horrible.  We ate dinner there shortly after they changed and it was awful so we decided to give them time to get themselves together as we figured it must be due to the transition.  Wrong!  Have eaten there twice since and still horrible.  We won't be back.
5	It's been quite a while since I've been to Cartwright's and it really seems like they've stepped up their game.  The drink menu is creative and interesting and I like that they've combined entrees and sides.  My scallops were absolutely delish and desserts were fantastic.
5	Our first visit to Cartwrights was pre-Yelp and I am sad to think that it's been so long between visits but Cartwrights is located right in the center of touristy Cave Creek and that is probably the reason why. Our recent visit was to attend a memorial luncheon. Cartwrights went out of their way to ensure our large party was comfortable and well cared for. The food was spot-on. From salads to sandwiches, to steaks, to vegan there is something for everyone. The service was prompt, friendly, and eager to please. One of the kids in the party was a bit of a pickier eater and they went out of their way to ensure she was pleased with her food...a child-A child who was not paying the bill! But going the extra mile to ensure that EVERYONE was happy is my point and what made Cartwrights a 5 star experience. Drinks were kept full, food served at the perfects temps, and the room we had was beautifully done. I will not allow so much time to pass between visits.
5	Fabulous.  Fantastic.  A group of six. 4 of the six had the trio of Elk, Beef, Bison and loved it.  I had the flat iron special.  Fantastic.  Only complaint - the beet salad was very LIGHT on beets - but they were fantastic.  I could have done without the cabbage piece of it - very nondescript - but the beets were fantastic.  Also, we were celebrating a birthday and brought a bottle of wine as a gift - not to share at the meal, but as a gift.  We weren't allowed to bring it in - I'm hoping it was liquor laws that forbade it.  If we had it in a bag or wrapped - it wouldn't have been a problem.  interesting.  But overall - a great meal!  Highly recommended.
5	Awesome Chicken Club Salad... Almost... more than I could eat. No room for desert though.
4	I liked the country feel of this restaurant.  The service w a s a little slow....our server took forever to even take our orders.....but the food was not affected by this. My filet was prepared exactly as I ordered it....medium rare. It was mouth-watering. Great choice by a friend....looking forward to visiting again.
1	This used to be our go to place for an upscale dinner in cave creek.  Last year the restaurant went through a redo.  The menu has completely changed and gone are the tablecloths.  If you are expecting the Cartwrights you are used to, do not go here.  If you are looking for just a restaurant, then it will be fine.
4	I really love this place. I think the food is fantastic and the service is excellent. The ambiance is cowboy meets elegance and the food is thoughtful and extremely tasty. I would recommend this place to anyone! I love their spin on chips and salsa, and I recommend their fish and steak. Can't go wrong!
4	My husband and I went to Cartwright's again tonight and we loved it, as usual. We had some issues but they resolved them so much better than the last "favorite" place where we had issues last week. We wanted to sit in the bar because my husband wanted oysters for $1.50 each, which he was told on his visit in January were all day, everyday. (See his review from jan 15). We casually mentioned it and Mary, our server, not to be confused with the other Mary that works there, worked diligently to sort that out for us - Even though it wasn't that big of a deal. The oysters were great and I have been afraid of them since high school. Hubs got the chefs feature which was filet medallions and and scallops with some amazing asparagus and potatoes. I ordered the scallops with corn cakes, mole and jicama slaw. It was amazing. We had a small problem but I don't want to focus on that because Ive never written a review for them and we love them. We take friends there when they come to visit. It's rustic and yet romantic and ahem, they have a tv in the bar for your playoff game needs. (Go Spurs Go!!!)We go and we go often. Lunch is also awesome and they have good deals! Seafood,  steaks, quail, bison and elk are available plus vegan options. Oh, and they have Tito's vodka! (This is my most horribly written review, sorry)
1	So disappointed in the change of menu. Being able to customize your protein with the different styles offered or different combinations of sauces with veg and starch of choice was the best part of this restaurant and something I looked forward to each time. They're accommodating and can still do a lot of their original menu preparations, but it's just not the same. May have lost some loyal patrons. Please change your menu back!
1	Menu overhaul a big mistake! They completely changed the menu last year and I don't know why. Being able to order several choices of fish with different preparations was great. We were regulars here, but not any more. What I don't understand is why they did a complete overhaul when their sister restaurant Tonto, stayed the same. There is nothing wrong with tweaking the menu from time to time, but a complete overhaul will definitely alienate the regulars. Went to Tonto on Saturday night and drove past a mostly empty parking lot at Cartwright's.
1	I'm not a fan of the new menu, this restaurant used to be one of my favorites - not any more.  Prior to the menu change you could pick what you wanted along with your sides, now the menu is setup in such a way where all of that is done for you.  On my last visit I told my waiter that I wasn't happy about the change, they told me that a lot of people aren't, so change it back?!?!?!?!I'll check back periodically to see if they've changed the menu, but till then I will not go back and I have advised other foodies to do the same.
3	Cartwright's serves up a great meal.  Is it the best I have ever had for the price?  No.The environment is what I would call upscale cowboy.  Maybe even refined rustic.  It is a good spot in the Carefree/Cave Creek area.  There is a nice bar with a surprisingly decent bourbon selection.  Many of the wines that they carry are noteworthy too.  We had a good meal.  My husband ordered the NY strip and I had the filet.  Both were cooked well and presented well, but for the price, we feel that we have had much better meals elsewhere.  The carrot cake dessert was good...but didn't live up to the hype.  I guess that is the drawback for us...the menu has great verbiage to describe the food, but we just felt that it wasn't all that it was illustrated to be with the price that was attached.No gripes about the service.  Our waitress was great. This is a place that we are glad that we tried, but it isn't necessarily on our "must go again" list.  If we did go back, I would be inclined to stick with a burger and beer at the bar.
2	I am not sure why they felt a menu change was needed.   I was shocked to see no wait for a table on Friday night at 6pm.  Last year on this same weekend I would not have gotten in with out a reservation.  The food was still good but the soul of this place had been ripped out.  The waiter touted that they were a steakhouse but the menu was mostly seafood.  There was only three steak choices left on the menu.  Everything on the menu looked liked the tried hard to be exotic.   But the execution was wrong and does not fit a steak house.  Bring back the old menu and stop being cheap.  I paid for upscale but instead got some chilis's chain store creation and taste.   If they don't get it figured out soon, I don't see how they will stay in business.
5	The elk meat is unbelievable .. This is our favorite stake house in all of Arizona. The deserts are excellent, we have try them all and I can not pick a favorite.I hate to say it but the old menu was way better. There still time to change it back!!!!!
4	I made reservations for a birthday dinner with my boyfriend and we really enjoyed this place.  Making dinner reservations online was a breeze and the service was phenomenal.  We walked in (15 minutes before our reservation) and were seated immediately.  Within a minute, water and bread was on the table.  Our server was prompt and friendly, while still allowing us enough time to look over the menu.  He checked back often, but not so often as to disrupt the meal.  Our glasses were always full and the food came quickly.  The food was pretty good.  We both ordered a side salad and the 12-oz rib eye entree with chipotle caramelized onions, jack cheese potatoes and roasted corn with green chilies.  I really enjoyed the bread (if you don't like garlic, pass on the bread) and we both LOVED the side salad.  The potatoes and corn garnish were both very good and complimented the meal well.  You could see the corn was cut off the cob, and not from a can.  As for the steak, I'm fortunate to have a dad who is a master griller so when I have steak, I'm used to VERY, VERY GOOD steak.  Like, exceptionally good.  The steak here was tender, cooked just like I asked, but just not as flavorful as what I'm used to.  It was good, not great.  8/10.All in all, I enjoyed this place.  The service was good, ambiance the ambiance was nice, and the food met expectations.  We'll definitely come back.
2	Visited this restaurant last Sat. with good friends we frequently dine-with.  We've always liked this place, the ambience and casual atmosphere.  Much surprised to see a new menu (been away too long apparently).  The meal: Wait person made a big deal about tips and drinks are not included in Restaurant Week promo.  We weren't there for that reason, never mentioned it.  My wife asked for horseradish to accompany her fillet, was told " I'll check with the Chef, I think we took it off the menu."  Say what?   Our nothing-special meals were served, and within minutes of having desert our checks were presented.  Problem: We never asked for them, and the server took the liberty to assigned orders to separate checks without being asked to do so.  We normally split the check.  Overall the price paid for food and drinks was high.  Might go back, but not for a while.  Sorry.
3	This was our first visit to Cartwright's---during Restaurant Week---such a great incentive to try out new places!  DH started off with the burrata, heirloom tomato and honey vinagrette and I had the red chili elk meatballs.  DH loved his dish, and I really enjoyed mine, though it was just on the edge of too spicy.  For our entree, DH had the filet and I had the scallops.  DH said his filet was the best he'd had in AZ and one of the best ever.  Perfectly cooked, seasoned, tender...lots of flavor.  My scallops were equally delicious, but sadly, the entree was kind of an overall let-down.  The scallops had not been properly cleaned so every flavorful bite also included grit grinding between my teeth.  The tamale corn cakes were hard and crunchy---certainly, they had to be sawed with a knife, not a fork and were not the tasty masa I expected.  For endings, DH had an incredible creme brulee and I had the ooey gooey carrot cake.  Both were fabulous!  We will totally be back, but I will probably stick to the steak, which seems more a Cartwright's thing than seafood.I will mention our server---I think her name was Mary Alice-Ann?  I am sorry I don't remember---she provided some of the best service we have experienced in the Valley.Warm, polished, professional and seemed to enjoy her job.
3	Had dinner with friends and it was a nice dining experience. Food was good, great bread, portions generous. The 8 oz filet which was perfectly cooked and very tender, the leek and Gorgonzola fondue was was light and a perfect compliment to the meat. I substituted the hash browns for the sweet potato hash, very tasty, had corn and a few crunchy tortilla chips mixed in, the brocollini was perfectly cooked, still a little crunchy. My husband had the trio of tacos which he really liked and said two could have sufficed. Our friends had the burger which he enjoyed and she had the tortilla soup which she also enjoyed but thought it wasn't as good as the one Carefree Station used to serve. I'm sure we will be back.
4	Tried this place a couple of weeks ago and really liked it. Here's the quick and dirty...Parking -- free parking in the adjacent lotFood -- very good! I was in a party of 7 and everyone liked what they ordered. We had two kinds of tortilla chips with a fantastic chipotle salsa-- we actually bought an extra order to take home; a green salsa -- also excellent; and avocado dip similar to guacamole. I ordered a burger which was huge (8 oz) and very good and a side salad which came tossed in their house honey vinagrette which was also very good. It was too much for me to eat but everything was cooked perfectly. They also have game on their menu like the elk/buffalo burger and elk meatballs along with traditional steak, chicken, and pasta dishes.One of the highlights is dessert. We tried their 'famous' s'more in a jark which is a jar that's heated with layers of chocolate, marshmallow and house-made graham cracker cake. Excellent. Can see why it's a favorite.Ambiance-- intimate and rustic. The restaurant is huge so there are actually four sections to sit in including the bar area which is right when you walk in. Great for large parties. Decor is what you would expect-- Arizona wild west theme but tasteful and not overly exaggerated.Service -- very good. No complaints.Prices-- reasonable. Expect to pay about $20 - $40 per person for an entree, more for a drink, salad, appetizer, and dessert.Holidays-- I looked at what they were offering for a Thanksgiving special and it looked good. Prices are comparable with others of that caliber.
5	We had our "pre-anniversary" dinner there last night. We both ordered the Trio of Tenderloin Medallions, how could be resist? Elk, buffalo and beef. My beef, although good, was the least tender of the three, but I can forgive that because the elk and  buffalo were Ahhh- mazing! The sweet potato hash was a great accompaniment. Shared the S'more in a mason jar for desert. A perfect ending. Loved the ambience and the service was great.  In fact, our server got busy with a large table and we were ready to order our desert, so another server who was passing by took our order; we were very impressed!  First time here, but can't wait to return.
5	We loved this restaurant!  The service was excellent.  The food was very good.  I had a medium NY strip steak that was cooked perfectly.  My husband ordered a special drink,  and it was so good that he asked for the recipe. And he got it!  Everyone was very pleased with their meal.  We have Washington DC trained palates, and we were suitably impressed. Definitely coming back!
5	We were told by our restate lady to go here before hitting the highway at 5pm.We started out at the bar with cocktails and carlamari and both were out of this world.Then we got a table for dinner...the cowboy ribeye was just awsome cooked to perfection med rare my wife ordered the triple 3oz protein plate and it was cooked to perfection. If you wat a super great meal and great service Carwrights is for you
