3	Is it cloudy? Is it green? Worried about things growing...unseen?Paying a service for your pool, but you feel like a fool?The best test for me, is Leslie's (its free!)They'll go through the motions to sell you their potions,But you'll at least be the wiser, and if you're a miser,You can get the same stuff cheaper at any big box or grocery store, or you can confront that questionable pool company with their printout showing exactly what they've put in the water that you let your kids, play, splash, and ultimately drink too much of as they play marco...pollo...FISH OUTA WATER!Whew...Bottom line...Leslie's will test for free and tell you what to get, just go elsewhere to get it cheaper.
4	Not too bad.  Good price on the super shock.
1	Biggest RIP OFF store in Vegas. Store sells part for 31.29,web site says 13.19. Call and talk to mgr. and he says he'll match it and I ask if I should bring the part in and he says no. So I put in the part and when I return for the refund he says no I sold you the manufactures part and not theirs. Basic bait and switch. We'll Never shop there again.  NPS from now on
1	Went in already having worked for a Leslie's in the past but forgot about some of the different products. I needed a shock that would remove all the "used" chlorine and leave all the free chlorine in the pool. Only one kid was working who didn't seem to know anything about it and was arguing with me saying that what I was saying was not true. So I went down to nps across the street (fully staffed) and the first guy I talked to was very knowledgable and helped me out. Leslie's needs professionals. Not low paid kids with no knowledge.
4	I went in to get some chlorine tabs for my pool and have the water tested since my water was a bit cloudy. I was greeted graciously by a young man named Alan. He was very helpful in recommending product and helped me to save some money.  I do admit that the prices are a bit high but you get what you pay for, and that is good service and high quality product.  By the way, the test the water free and its a pretty throrough test.
