1	Do not go to Aspen Dental! I went here because it was covered by my insurance and I had a horrible experience. The assistants did not know how to take X-rays and had to re-do them all. It is not fun getting dental x-rays as they stick a bunch of metal objects in your mouth....twice is even worse. I needed a bunch of work done and I later found out that it was done poorly and I had to get it re-done. The dentist at Aspen Dental who did all of the substandard work is no longer employed, however, that doesn't help me now. It is a corporate chain and I highly dicsourage you from going there. The smaller dental practices are the way to go!
1	I went in because I knew I needed work done. They gave me an estimate for $7k and told me my out of pocket would be almost $3k. Confused by this, I called my insurance company 4 days ago. The agent told me Aspen screwed up and used the wrong insurance code and I would have to call in and get a new one. I called Aspen, and "Candy" (a false name to protect the wicked) - a most unpleasant and rude woman - snapped at me and said they would call me... they still have not. I assume this is not uncommon.
5	I was having an emergency dental situation and needed to get into a dentist fast. The staff at this office got me in the same day. Dr. Melander was very caring and gentle. He gave me great advice and helped get me out of pain. The office staff was nice and helpful too! Thank you for helping me so quickly and making it so easy.
4	I have had a great experience so far with this office, I love Dr. Melander, he seems to take his time, and answers the questions I had. The office seems busy and therefore runs behind, but once the dr comes in you have their full attention. I give it a 4.I love my new partial, and I love my new smile.Thank you Aspen DentalLinda H
4	I had a deep clean and crown in late 2012. Well, the crown cracked in November 2013. No questions asked - temp put on and permanent followed a week later at no charge. Never even entertained charging me for anything. I don't live nearby any longer, otherwise I would be a regular patient. High recommend.
5	I have nothing but positive things to say about my experience at Aspen Dental. I was told I needed two root canals by another dentist . Dr. Mathur was very thorough and assured me that I in fact did not need any root canals which I suspected. It was apparent that the previous practice was simply out for money. Dr. Mathur and his staff treated me very well and I ended up saving thousands of dollars. Since my visit I have recommended many friends and family to the practice.  They have all had great experiences as well.
