5	Friendly staff. Great drinks. Delicious salsa. And most importantly the exquisite ice.
4	I expected the typical airport burrito - big price, small portion. I was glad to be wrong. While the first half was mostly potato, the second half made up for it with egg, cheese, and sausage. Only regret- not getting the salsa.
5	YUM! Great breakfast and service--in an airport?! SO SO good! French toast, sausage, eggs over medium; even their ice tea with fruit infusion is fantastic. Sat at counter: served politely and efficiently. Excellent experience! Matt's and Sky Harbor Airport are recognizing Phoenix and Arizona well. Makin' this home girl proud!!
5	Do not miss the chance to enjoy this local favorite! I was so excited to learn that Matt's  Big Breakfast opened a spot in the airport. A real treat.
5	Charge your phone, drink your beer, and have an epic burrito.. What more could you really want? We didn't get them but the server told us how amazing the waffles are, definitely on our list for the next time we come back.
3	Really wish I could give this 3.5 stars, but system won't let me.  Ate here last week while on a layover.  Could not pass up trying the Bloody Mary (even though I don't actually like vodka) once I saw the bacon!  The cheese was a little weird, not gonna lie.  Also had the enormous Reuben sandwich, which was really delicious.  Service was great, friendly, food was plentiful, and the atmosphere was comforting.  Would definitely eat here again if given the chance.
5	OMG!!! Talk about awesome and great food in an airport!! Loved the French Toast, thick peppered bacon and sausage and the syrup was AWESOME!! I don't usually rave about syrup but I found myself dipping every thing in it. My server was Mauren and she couldn't have been friendlier or quicker. Only thing I wish was they served my Diet Coke. But after that meal I can't complain.
5	So I had the pleasure of eating at both locations while in PHX and this one out did the original!  I had this gin, lemon and soda water drink which solved my pissy attitude towards the airport :).  For food I had the grilled cheese and tomato soup and added bacon to the grilled cheese.  They had awesome buttery bread and the soup was nice and thick.  Every employee seemed like they were having a great day which helped as many of us were grumpy from canceled and delayed flight.  Prices were good so I strongly recommend!
4	I have to give it four stars because there is nothing else like it at the airport.  Very, very trendy.  Good service.  Reasonable prices.  Delish food.  I had the traditional egg, etc breakfast and the only thing traditional were the eggs.  Toast was presented in a fun way and tasted great.  Definitely high quality bacon but maybe too much pepper on the edge.  Orange juice tasted freshly squeezed.  Potatoes were yummy.  Next time I'm going to try one of the waffles.  This part might surprise you...I wasn't departing or waiting...I just landed at 9pm and saw it on the way to exiting the airport and knew that it was going to be a better meal than fast food on the way home. Go Matt.
1	Staffing needs work. I'm at an airport. I want a breakfast burrito. They took my order and 20 min later I asked for a refund. Ni complaints from me. I just have to go. There are 4 burritos ahead of me. Manager starts yelling at the staff, refunds my order and takes someone's elses burrito and gives it to me. I'm like look its ok I don't want you to throw together an order. Relax. He doesn't. Burrito that he hands me after I take it and run to my flight, is completely different and a mess nor cooked.
5	Love this new breakfast option in Sky Harbor! Been there twice now (first time was late afternoon). The service at the bar was friendly and fast both times. Bacon Bloody Mary's adorned with cheese, pepperoncini and a thick slab of pepper bacon are a must! The waffle is light and fluffy and delicious. The omelette is big, cheesy & comes with mounds of home fries perfectly seasoned.
1	Very disappointed the second time around. Service was awful as in she took my order delivered it and never once came back to see how it turned out. When I was leaving I told her how awful it tasted she said sorry have a great day. My french toast was so undercooked and burnt on the outside I couldn't even finish it.
1	I travel a lot....thrilled with new restaurant options. Matts is first disappointment.   20+ min for a less than mediocre Reuben.  Olive & Ivy much better and worth the hike to A gates.....and most likely faster!
2	Nothing worse then a cook that can't make eggs over-medium. Potatoes were good but the Thick cut bacon is seasoned with way to much pepper.  Nice friendly staff. Will have to try something different.
2	Tuesday, 1:00PM.Caught them dealing with a rush. For those ordering pickup, there was a slow moving line. For those dining in, there were delayed orders. Poor customer rep at the register did her best to handle the wave. Quickie:+Clean+Menu varietyAnd then...?Actual sandwich was decent. Delay in getting food (+15 min) because of understaffing. Willing to give MBB another go. **********Stuffed my face in:1. Classic Reuben     +Sauce complemented corned beef into savory bursts     -Chips were stale     -Pickle lacked crunchConstructive comments:*Compost and clear recycling bins*Sustainable cutlery*Streamline system to handle patrons who are dining in and taking out
1	I've been to Matt's three time now and the service here is just slow. The food is great when you get it but 15 before anyone even took my order at the bar?!?  I had my water and left.  The bloody Mary's are great and the food is awesome, just make sure you have time and patients.
3	Matt's at Terminal 4 in Sky Harbor.  What a great concept (adding a full bar).  The restaurant and bar, counters and tables are just beautiful.  Nice decor that reminds you of Matt's downtown.  However, the food here is just not the same.  Scrambled eggs were dry and seemed like they had been cooked for a buffet.  Potatoes not as good as the original.  Toast was superior (they must have stayed with the same baker).  I saw so much food being thrown away (folks just weren't enjoying their breakfast).  Overall, I was disappointed.  I'll give Matt's another try next time I travel and hope the quality returns.  Come on Matt, get it together and serve quality breakfasts like you are known for.
5	We decided to go to the Phoenix location for Father's day breakfast. Hubby saw them featured on Triple D.  While yes the wait was long (almost an hour) we felt the food was well worth it.Hubby and I don't like blueberries and I am not a real big fan of eggs, but their blueberry jam is so amazing I wanted to buy some to take home (which you totally can!). They even cooked my eggs the way I wanted (done very well) without me having to send it back to cook longer. The food was so much and so good that we couldn't finish, but we wanted to so badly. Will definitely come here again and wait.
5	Fast friendly service. Thanks Alexa! Food was delicious. Loved the handmade sausage patties.and rosemary potatoes.
5	Quick service all around. Amazing food... Sky Harbor has revamped their food choices and I can honestly say this place is up there with Arizona top breakfast places (heard good things about their other locations as well.)Great ok every way. Oh, and the bacon. The bacon was unbelievable.
5	Came here and just ordered a drink, but the service was so quick and friendly. The staff was very helpful, and all of the people around me who ordered food - it looked delicious. It's hard to find good airport food, but this place uses fresh ingredients and actually seems to care instead of the usual apathetic fare. The lady next to me was being really difficult and making a custom sandwich, and the bartender was so accommodating. Next time I am in terminal 4 gate b I will definitely come back here! My only complaint is I wish they were open longer!
3	Great Airport Burger  & steak Fries!
4	I had the Cobb salad and a diet coke. The food was excellent and a great option at sky harbor airport. The bartender was very friendly and even noted to someone else how great the Reuben sandwich is.
5	Good food for a reasonable price, especially for airport food.  And the fact that they have some local craft beer only adds. Highly recommend if you are stuck in the Phoenix airport.
4	wow! i did not know i could get a great meal, and an attitude change at the airport! my flight was delayed, do i was going to miss my connection.... when i walked into "Matt's Big Breakfast!" my server greeted me, like i was his best friend and intuitively knew i needed a BlOODY MARY, with BACON! so now that my mood is getting better, i order an omelet, OMG, this is the best bacon i have ever had! my server was as efficient as he was HILARIOUS! i had heard the rumors about Matt's Big Breakfast, now i am a believer! Michael! ask for MICHAEL!
1	The music is way, way too loud.  When will restaurants realize that most travelers crave a tranquil, peaceful oasis not a hard walled cafe trying to be a nightclub. Spoke to the staff and the music drives them crazy too. All round seems like exec management stupidity directing the show.
2	Matt's, not just for breakfast! 10 of us gals, (yes 10) rolled into Matt's for one last drink (after draining Costco's wine section for 5 days straight) and a bite to eat before boarding our flight home. While this is one of the nicest Airport restaurants I've eaten in, and the food (when it finally arrived) was quite good, there were just way too many snafus for me to give them more then 3 stars. To start, 3 of us got there before the others - thank you priority check-in! So we ordered a good 15 minutes before the rest of the group. Needless to say, after 45mins, watching the rest of the group get their meals, and finish, we still had not got our meals. Everyone shared, so I can tell you the Cobb salad, super good as are the fries. Now after trying to ask our waitress, a few times, to find out what happened to our meals, she kept saying the kitchen was busy and it will come when it comes... We all knew this was not right, no matter how busy a kitchen is, food ordered first, comes first if it is the same item. Well after 45 minutes of ignoring our concerns, finally she let us know that the food runner had brought our 3 meals to another table over half an hour ago. Right.... So now we need to board a flight, they quickly make us our meals, it comes out under cooked, we have a few bites before running to board, we get the bill and the 3 of us have our meals 10% compt. 10 freaking percent?!!! You have got to be kidding me Matt's! That is so unacceptable for a 45 minute wait, major screw up and then undercooked food that comes out and the 3 of us ate less then a quarter of. Not impressed.
4	You had me at Bacon Bloody Mary. With it's rimmed bacon salt, stuffed olives, cheese, and its penultimate bacon, I was surprised how effective this airport spot was. Could go without the pickle, but that's my preference. I don't write too much for airport eateries, but this one in Phoenix has reason to return between flights.
2	I chose this burger place, and I think that Modern Burger would probably have been a better airport choice.  My burger was overcooked, and it didn't taste good at all, despite all of the bragging about being cooked in butter.  Skip it.
3	Pretty solid cafe in the middle of the PHX airport.  one of the few places they will seat you and bring a menu vs. cafeteria style. decent lunch and bar too.
4	Had an extended layover in PHX airport and decided to try this place out. I had forgotten that Guy Fieri highlighted the downtown spot on DDD.Local coffee served from Roastery of Cave Creek. The panda needed that caffeine.Five Spot Platter ($8.95): Breakfast sandwich with bacon, American cheese, two eggs, and grilled onions. Potatoes on the side. The roll is large, with a small layer of filler. On the plus side, the roll was soft and fluffy. The roll's flavor reminded me of a croissant. The potatoes were seasoned generously with salt and pepper. Bacon was excellent. Good portion. Overall, I'd say The Five Spot hit the spot.I just sat at the bar for this one. Good service.I saw others at the bar ordering Reubens. Hefty sandwiches that are recommended by the staff if you want a nice-sized lunch.I'll have to remember this place next time, should I opt for a very gluttonous meal.
4	One of the best, BLT's I've ever had. Great find in PHX airport. Friendly & fun staff. You have some time to kill, waiting for your flight, then get here.
5	I hit a lot of airports in a year and this is by far the best breakfast available. Most airport food is like hospital food. Frozen, bland and warmed over. This morning I ordered hog & chick with a side of patty sausage. Everything is hot, fresh and made to order. Eggs over easy, thick bacon, sausage patty, country potatoes and wheat toast.  Oh, the service? Fast and friendly and they make sure everything is good. Most important, they kept my coffee hot! I'll definitely come back.
1	Tues morning 6am ,we stood at the hostess table ,  older gentleman behind the bars looked up at us ,looked around then went back to counting money never once saying hello welcome or kiss my ass. We waited at the hostess station for a few minutes before being seated. Ordered our food and our severs was without any personality. Took our order and a guy in the kitchen screamed are order to the cooks. Our food was served up quickly. I ordered a egg sandwich with bacon and potatoes, on a scale of one to ten , with ten being the best , the sandwich was a 2 , it was hot and fresh but void of favors ! Server never checked on us. The place was clean and bright .  It's better then the Wendy's but not by much.
5	Amazing bacon. Simply superb and unexpected for an airport terminal. Phenomenal. Great price.
5	Excellent food! It not as good as the original, but it's great to have some local food in the airport.
1	Service sucks sooooooo bad. I waited 25 minutes for a bowl of chili? Really? Did they have to hunt a cow? I mean you scoop it in a bowl and you serve it. It should only take 5 minutes but 25 minutes???? I walked out.
5	Really happy to find this place the morning of my flight home from Phoenix.The servers are super cool - fun & cheery which is just what a weary traveler needs.  The couple sitting next to me were totally cracking up at their server - I had a different server but he was fun and attentive as well.  I had the breakfast burrito (vegetarian) and it was delish!   Coffee and water were kept full and the burrito was sooo good.    I'd definitely recommend.
4	Solid portions, very flavorful, quick and great service!  Conveniently located and good atmosphere with full bar.
5	Cannot overstate what a great experience this was. Gotta start with the food: my griddle cakes were amazing and my wife's waffle was just about as good. Delicious thick slab, peppered bacon was the perfect side. Coffee was not as good as the food (always the conundrum-give up coffee shop quality for better food?), but at least plentiful. Service was beyond friendly, though marred by lacking silverware after our food was served (thankfully, the butter still melted). Probably the best airport dining experience I ever had. Hope our connection next week allows time for a return engagement.
5	Best breakfast burrito!  Great service from the "Lisas".  Good spot to kill some time on a layover.  Seriously, the breakfast burrito is delish.  Grilled with just the right amount of spice. Enjoy!
4	Good place to grab a bite-- not your normal airport grub. Breakfast is Served all day. I had the "smothered and covered"-- chuck steak with mushroom, onions, and mushroom gravy.  very good. The mashed potatoes were better than most steakhouses. Good TVs around the bar-- an odd music playlist. Drink selection ok. Employees were high energy and pleasant and accommodating. Typical airport pricing was the only negative.
4	Looked up great breakfast places in Phx. We checked out Matts. Worth the hype. The Belgian waffle with thick cut bacon. Oh that bacon! Cheddar omlette with roasted peppers and More bacon. Perfectly cooked rosemary onion house fries. The strawberry jam was just right. The staff was super nice and brought our food out in five minutes. Delicious!
5	Best breakfast ever.  Matts never lets me down.  Amazing pork chop breakfast. Perfectly prepared. Great 1 inch thick sourdough toast. Fresh squeezed OJ.  Nice people. Great bar. Great surprise at a major airport!
2	How do you screw up oatmeal?!  Quick service was the only positive.  There was a foreign object in my ramekin of raisins.  The oatmeal was lukewarm at best and the consistency was suspicious. I realize you sort of check your expectations of fine dining at the TSA check but it's oatmeal.  With all the other choices in this airport, I will go elsewhere next time.
1	Service sucks sooooooo bad. I waited 25 minutes for a bowl of chili? Really? Did they have to hunt a cow? I mean you scoop it in a bowl and you serve it. It should only take 5 minutes but 25 minutes???? I walked out. Oh and by the way I told my waitress I've been waiting for 25 minutes---- she said ok. No apologies. Wow! Avoid it like a plague.
5	Well I say they're doing a great job transformation is amazing the food is exactly the same except there's less of a wait :-)
