5	This place is evil.. I could literally walk in and not come out until 2 hours later.. and several dollars lighter (hey, at least I didn't say several hundred dollars lighter).  I say this because they have SO MUCH home/kitchen decorating/tools stuff here you get swallowed or engulfed in all the stuff they have in stock!It's esentially a TJMaxx for the house/kitchen but with lots of unique or one-off decoratives.  I have bought a lot of my house decoratives/kitchen gadgets and gifts at this place - you can't beat their prices AND the fact that they have tons of name-brand, high-quality products (Kitchen stuff mostly).I have gone here some times just to window shop or to paruse or get ideas for my next home decorating project.  I love this store!It is well stocked, well organized and if you're looking to populate your house or kitchen with needed tools or decoratives at affordable prices, this is the place to go.
4	Alot of decorating things that a traveler would love or someone settled... we are not,  we move every 6 months or so. Cute store though
4	This is a nice store.  It is well organized and the shelves are neat.  In my experince when going to a store like Home Goods, Marshalls or T.J. Maxx the shelves are always a mess and it's hard to sort through it all.  That is what I've always hated about these stores.  This one is different.  And you actually see the people working on the shelves while you're there.  The bath department is well organized and neat.  They have some nice furniture although I think the prices on the furniture are a little high for what is supposed to be a discount type store.  The main reason I come here is the candles.  They usually have a nice selection of Yankee Candles for 1/3 of the price you would pay in the YC store.  I've gotten large tumblers for $9.99!  That is a steal!  I also picked up a great shower caddy for $12 that probably would have been $20 or more elsewhere.  I stop by here when I go to Sprouts which is right next door.
5	LOVE this place. Prices are right, quality is good, selection is fantastic...need I say more?  Go for it!!!
5	Every room of the home can be outfitted here. Big, beautiful, brightly lit store. Great deals are in every part of the store.
5	Same company that owns TJ Maxx, but of course this store focuses on .... Duh .... Goods for the home while TJ Maxx is more clothing with a few home items :) I can always find something in the stores !! It's a favorite place to shop when I'm in chandler since Oregon only has TJ Maxx stores :P it's amazing !!
5	They tend to be understaffed during the holidays, but the staff have always been nice.  The check out is well organized and easy to understand.  This translates to "no one has ever cut in front of me."  Some of these retail stores have confusing checkout lines and it's easy for someone to purposefully or accidentally cut in front of you and NOTHING BUGS ME MORE!  But that won't happen here because of the way they set up the check out.  Here's what I'd recommend purchasing here:  pots and pans (sometimes they even have All Clad for a crazy discount!), towels, Yankee Candle at a great discount, holiday decor and gifts (you know, the kind for people you need to get a gift for, but don't know very well...candles, bath products, cute decorative things like crystal candy dishes), small kitchen goods like hand towels, colanders, paper towel holders.  If you need a big decorative mirror, this is the best place to get one w/o spending a fortune; dressers for kids' rooms; generic wall decor.  I'm not the type to buy a bunch of crap to decorate my whole house but if you like to go shopping and buy knick knacks then this is the place for you to do it without spending a ton.  Oh, I forgot to add - if you need a big doggie pillow (aka dog bed) those are reasonably priced here too.  :)
3	Good prices at this store and very random variety of home goods. Fun to browse around.
3	I had heard great things about Homegoods but I was a little disappointed after finally checking them out a couple weeks ago. They do have a wide variety of items available in the store but it was very overwhelming to shop there because it was just too much stuff crammed into the aisles. The furniture was very poor quality which I guess is ok since they only had like accent pieces that don't need to carry a big load but I just wasn't happy with anything I saw. I was more impressed with the options for the kitchen and bath but after looking at the prices I think that Bed Bath and Beyond can beat them in most cases if you use a coupon. And that is a much more pleasant shopping experience. I don't think I would shop at Homegoods again unless I was looking for something very specific and I didn't care about brand or quality.
5	Absolutely love this place I think I've gotten almost everything in my house here, prices one-of-a-kind items you'll never find them again
