5	This small restaurant is fantastic.  I had never really noticed it before just walking by, a co worker booked the reservations.  There were 8 of us seated at one of the back tables and it was a great meal.  Service was very good, attentive and recommended drinks and food for us.  The apetizers were all great, (I tried most of them), they have a good wine list, and the main courses all seemed to please my guests.Ambiance is very nice....not cool as much as sophisticated.  I'll definitely be back.  I'd recommend reservations as it is a small place.
1	I dined at Ariel on December 17, 2011 for dinner with a group of friends. Though I certainly wish we had gone anywhere else. The owner seems to consider his wine list large, but whenever we selected a wine he would come back a few minutes later and tell us he didn't have that one. He would then present two alternative wines, which were more expensive. After I declined this upselling tactic, I was told the wine I chose (which has been featured in Food & Wine magazine) was not a very good one anyway. That is lacked body, and had no tannin structure. Continuing with that theme, we were told that some items on the menu (of which there are few) were not available that evening. After much haggling to order something on their various menus that they could actually provide, the food was underwhelming for the most part. I am happy to report that one person enjoyed their meal, as the lamb dish was expertly prepared. I had the duck, which was barely room temperature when it arrived on my plate, with sides that were bland. My husband ordered the Schnitzel, and while there was a lot of it on the plate, it lacked all flavor. I was beginning to wonder if they had run out of salt entirely. If you only have one evening to dine in Montreal, for the love of god stay away from here.
5	Everything we ordered including various small appetizers, salad, soup, and dessert were all absolutely delicious and our waiter was amazing! Would recommend this place and will return on our next visit
5	This small restaurant/wine bar is cozy and modern, and my husband and I enjoyed a wonderful meal with some very nice wine. A lengthy wine menu and a much briefer food menu are given on clipboards. Very interesting choices on both.You'll find several types of bread in the basket, all of which we enjoyed. We tried a couple of different salads (one with an amazing type of heirloom tomato), followed by gnocchi (smoky, with proscuitto) and the risotto of the day (duck, that day). We both agreed that the gnocchi was the best either of us had ever tried, and the risotto was in the top 5.The food is not inexpensive, but it was of such quality and we had such good service, I think it was worth every penny! (Or nickel, now that we aren't using pennies?) Next time, I would like to try the cheese plate, and dessert!
