5	I eat here because I work down the street, I like this mexican food more than any other place like it. It's just very good and authentic tasting. I have had many friends come with me to this place and they agree, the food is very very good and is better than any other place like it.
5	A couple girls from work get takeout from Los Favoritos multiple times a week. I was invited in on one of their lunches one Saturday and have been hooked since. Everyone is always very friendly and the food is always delicious. Keep it up!
5	Oh my goodness!  I have been going to this Los Favoritos regularly for years!  It is late tonight and they aren't open, and I'm going there tomorrow!  I'm having a craving! It is a little hole in the wall restaurant that has a steady stream of customers at all hours of the day. It back in the far northwest corner inside the plaza on the NW corner, past the 202 fwy on-ramps going East on Main, then a left turn into the plaza. Their jumbo burrito is big enough for a meal for both my big eating man and myself. I always have half of it, and only eat half of my portion, and save that 1/4 for my morning breakfast.  DH always gets an extra full dinner to take to his work for lunch on Mondays. I have done the same. I have bought the Jumbo Burrito just for myself too. When I go buy our Jumbo Burrito, they call it my baby. The people who work there are very nice, always have a smile and a thank you for you. Yes, that Jumbo is that big and I do have to use both hands and a forearm to hold it in it's fat log shape. I always ask for triple cheese, costs extra but that's okay too. That huge burrito comes in at just about $11.00, which feeds two people. Can't go wrong there. They do cook all their foods fresh. They cook their own dried pinto beans from scratch too. I can tell, because I know how to cook beans, and I also can tell if beans are canned, they are not canned! IDK if they do use any canned ingredients, but if they do, they do it appropriately, maybe tomato sauces for salsa mixes, but they taste homemade. LOVE their Red Sauce. Green is good too!I am terribly picky about my beloved Mexican food!  I stole a cook from a popular Mexican Restaurant, El Tarasco's in El Segundo Calif, and opened and then owned that Mexican Restaurant for 12 years. Los Favoritos has the same flavors which I crave. ALSO,  I do know the quality of the ingredients they use at this restaurant. It is all good. They have all the right ingredients, the right cheese, the right meats, etc. In-other-words, it's all GOOD!
2	Were watering down the green sauce when I was here last time.  I usually go to the one in Gilbert, but went to this one since I was in the area.  The green sauce was not near as good, and you could tell they were watering it down.
