4	Look, I love Montreal, but the view is probably better of the tower from the ground than the ground from the tower. Montreal just isn't the greatest skyline, and is the bank of Montreal really that much of a landmark?  Maybe I don't understand the city, but most of the landmarks they note are totally not noteworthy to me. It's 10 dollars extra with your biodome ticket, and while I couldn't say it's actually worth it to go, it's probably worth it just to say you did.
5	riding up the tower in the funiculaire was quick but fun, and the view from above is better than you can imagine. looking down from the top, you can still see the wonderful architecture and beauty of the city, altogether. it's absolutely fantastic. it should definitely be a must-see for anyone visiting montreal.
4	Quick ride up the top of the tower offers great views of Montreal.  It is worth the money to buy the combo ticket with the Bio-dome
4	Although a bit pricey I think it is definitely worth visiting. The views of the Olympic Park are quite impressive and while the infrastructure is a bit old (read: not being cared for) it was still a treat
4	At something like $18 per person when bundled with a Biodome ticket as of last week, I think they've reached a point where maybe the price has overstepped the value of the experience.The elevator ride up is pretty cool, and the 270-degree view of Montreal once you get to the top is nice.  Off in the distance, you can see the cluster of skyscrapers of the core downtown area alongside Mont Royal.  That might be the best part of the view, although it's far enough away to be a bit underwhelming.  A much better view of downtown is available by walking up to the chalet at Mont Royal.Of course, that's not the fault of the observatory. The cityscape is what it is, and it's worth something to be able to see it from this vantage point.  It's just not worth $18 per person, in my opinion. Still, if you're a visitor to the area you should do it just to have the experience.Side note, it's evident especially on the elevator ride up and back, that this landmark has been falling into some state of disrepair (not in a dangerous way, but lots of old, peeling paint, etc).  It's sad to see, because it's a beautiful piece of work.
3	Every major city has a place that offers a great vantage point to overlook as far as the eye can see.  This is Montreal's.  Located in Olympic Stadium, circa 1976, it is nested next to a planetarium and the famous Biodome.  While the ride isn't cheap, for first time goers it is worth the money.  You take a bi-level gondola up the sloped side of the building, enjoying the views at you ascend.  At the top, there are panoramic views with large windows to better viewing and at it's center, a gift shop.  There are no food vendors but if you head down one level, there are seats and tables where you can bring your own snacks and drinks to enjoy.  Definitely something not to miss if you're visiting Montreal.
3	For photographers as first timers, you get a good vantage point of the city with a good picturesque view as far as the eye can see, provided it's a beautiful day weather wise. It's not cheap to take the tour but you can get a bundle package that gets you into the Biodome as well. Definitely, a major tourist hot spot given what the area offers such as the Botanical Gardens, Biodome, and Insectarium, plus the label as the venue for the 1976 Summer Olympics.
5	Five stars for our neighbors to the North and this most impressive piece of architecture. I will agree with other people that it is showing age but the view is worth the ( bloated ) price as you'll never probably get to do it again. The stadium itself has not seen baseball in many years and one worker was proud to tell me that the stadium recently hosted an AC/DC concert ( which my wife and I chuckled at since they are yesterdays news ) but for the once in a lifetime chance to see Montreal from many angles, it was worth the experience.
