5	I was totally impressed with this fast-food chain location.  The food was hot and fresh, the employees were friendly.  The place was well-lit, has a huge play area for kids, and was spotless.It was seriously like a model example of how a fast-food place is SUPPOSED to be...it's a good thing they're not all like this or I would eat a lot more of it!
5	I like when the people at a fast food place are happy. Knowing that the people making my spicy chicken sandwich with pepperjack cheese on a golden wheat bun  and a side of chicken nuggets are working AND don't hate their life really makes it taste that much better. Also, it is a small inspiration that my job probably isn't all that bad either, and you can't put that kind of mental high five on the menu. If I'm eating fast food chicken, it better be Chick-Fil-A, and this location is one of the best around.
4	The best customer service I've ever encountered at a fast food chain. When I walked in, the manager held the door open, welcomed me, and ASKED HOW MY DAY WAS. Whoa!! Every cashier was chipper and helpful, and staffers went from table-to-table to check if customers needed anything else, including topping off soda, clearing trays, and fetching more dipping sauces. I even saw the manager serving fountain drinks behind the counter to keep up with the pace of soda orders.Coming from NYC where you're considered lucky if a fast food place gets your order right, I was thrilled by the quality and amount of care I received.Oh yeah, the food was great too... Fresh and piping hot!
4	My pleasure!  Something you NEVER hear, until you walk into this fast-food chain.  The employees are always in a good mood, and treat you with respect.  The store is kept exceptionally clean, and the food is always made piping hot and is equally delicious (well for fast-food standards).  This is definitely one of the best Chick-Fil-A's I've been to.
1	*Deeee-Scuzzzzz-Tinnnnnng!  (Yes, disgusting!)*So.... every time that we've attempted this particular chick filet, the food has been terrible!Now... I know that the employees can't help the actual meat-to-fat/gristle ratio, but... what they can help are all of the CONS that I'm going to list below, for your dining (or avoiding) pleasure...CONS:Dirty dining area;Filthy bathroom;Gross condiment/napkin/drink area;Soggy food products that have been either fried too long or sweated too much....It was a baaaaaad experience!I gave it a recent 2nd chance and it was more of the same....Too greasy, soggy and just bad!   :(
5	Amazing customer service. Great food. Very clean, if you decide to eat in. This fast food chain even puts some restaurants to shame.
3	3 stars for this location because it's the slowest chickfila I've ever been too!   Went on a Monday (President's day) during lunch and they had 3 people nonchalantly working the cashiers, one poor girl running all over the place manning the drive through, a few people slowly making food in the back and no one filling the orders.Really feel like the staff are not being managed efficiently.Most chickfila's are super super efficient.  There's several I know that have a complex system to get the drive thru customers in and out during busy lunch hours.Food - 5 stars of course!  Chick Fil A is also delicious!
5	Drove through for a milkshake.  Fast and friendly service.  Normal Chick Fil A menu.
3	This location is okay. It's always super busy, but the staff is usually really nice and efficient, whether you're there during busy lunch hours or stopping in for a random bite while in the area shopping. There's really nothing to complain about...except that it's a greasy fast food joint, with greasy salt-laden food that makes me happy while I'm eating it, and immediately feel blah about 5 minutes later. Regardless, if I'm willing to put up with feeling awful after eating, this is one of the better Chick-Fil-A's to eat at.Also, the new chocolate chip cookies at Chick-Fil-A are absurdly delicious. Seriously. Fast food places have no right making such delicious treats. Haha.
5	Have to give this Chick Fil A credit for livliness.  Large Birthday party tonight with lots of balloons everywhere.  Lots of friendly employees.  I was surprised at all the customers after 8PM and they had lots of workers to handle the crowd.  Tuesday nights they have free sundaes for kids.  They also have a promotion that if you like them on facebook and wear a $5 Chick Fil A tee shirt they will have monthly giveaways.  Food was good (as always), large portion of fries, fresh and hot unlike other fast food restaurants.  I disagree with Carrie's comments from late 2011.  Bathroom was very clean tonight; well I saw someone clean it.  Restaurant was very clean and they had 20 little ones tongiht.  I'm sure if you go during a crowded time it might not be perfect.  I would be shocked to find a Chick Fil A anywhere that regularly performed poorly.  Corporate would never allow it.
4	Though I've lived close to this Chick-fil-A for nearly a year, I had never eaten here before. However, after a test at the Jefferson Regional Medical Center across the street last week, I decided that I deserved a breakfast treat and zipped through the drive-through. I would normally never rate a restaurant based on the drive-through, but this experience was literally my best ever. The service was fantastic. The lady that helped me was both very prompt, friendly, and polite. Not anything like the scary drive-through experiences that I've had in the past!
5	This particular Chik-fil-a is one of the best fast food establishments I've ever been too. The food is good, although I admit I always buy the chicken nuggets whenever I come. They're not greasy, soggy or salty. The coleslaw isn't that bad either. Refills are free. The customer service is what i really like about this place. The staff is friendly and smiles. A staff person will walk around and and ask dining customers if the food was okay or offer to get another refill or take away your tray. I have not witnessed any frowns are surly attitudes yet. This place gets extremely busy and crowded around lunch time yet the service remains consistent. I've never used the restroom but the dining area is clean and the condiment counter is organized. On some occasions there will be fresh flowers on the tables. Chik-fil-a gets 5-stars for their food and pleasant, professional service!
4	This might be a chain place, but man are they good.  I've eaten here multiple times and every time my food was fresh, the service was good and the atmosphere is perfect.  If you need to eat quick on The Waterfront skip everything else down there and go here.Make it before 10:30 AM for breakfast.  Best fast food breakfast in town.
