1	I've been to Fuzzy's twice now and don't think I'll be returning, the first time my Wife and I went about a year ago we couldn't find a seat inside.  the sign said seat yourself we sat on the patio and after about 20 minutes a server never acknowledged our presence.  Even though they looked at our table several times.The second time was after a work christmas party with a few friends we stumbled in about 10PM to check out their Karaoke, some interesting characters, this time the server acknowledged us and brought us a round of drinks but they never checked on us again over a period of maybe 45 minutes to an hour, and eventually I went to the bar and asked for the tab.  Oddly enough the people that seemed like regulars we're getting service.dissappointing to say the least.
5	Fuzzy's is now under new ownership. They brought in an actual chef ( I have met and talked to him) and the food is excellent. This is not your ordinary bar food folks! I recently had the Maryland Crab Cakes and they were wonderful! Absolutely NO fillers! Just crab! They are the best crab cakes I have had since I lived on the east coast. The chef makes all of his own salad dressings, sauces, gravy, etc. For those that tried the place under the old ownership, do yourself a favor and try it again!
2	When I planned to meet a friend of mine for a mid-afternoon meal, I asked her where she would like to go. She recommended Fuzzy's, which was under new ownership, because their prices were are reasonable and it has a good atmosphere. We met as agreed, shared a pleasant meal, and decided to stay after paying our original check to in order to finish catching up on each other's lives. We started a new bill, ordered a couple of drinks, and much to our dismay the waitress "misplaced" my friend's debit card. Although the food was actually very good, the owner of the establishment could use some classes and/or seminars in best practices for customer service/satisfaction. My friend asked the waitperson to bring the manager to our table to handle this very serious situation because my friend had already been a victim of credit/ID theft and was extremely upset that history might very well be repeated. Instead of coming directly to our table and reassuring my friend that he was "on the case," the manager was conversing with our waitperson in the back of the restaurant allegedly gathering her facts from her. My friend became more and more anxious and was about to burst into tears. I walked around the restaurant in order to scan each area for the missing debit card (since no one else seemed to be doing anything of any value). After making full circle, I approached the manager (who turned out to be the owner) and advised him that my friend was becoming increasingly upset and needed to speak with him. He turned to me and talked to me as if I was a kindergarten-aged child (I have a Masters degree) and advised me he would be over as soon as he got the "facts" from the server (never mind that my friend was the victim). I told him not to talk to me as if I were a child and again requested that he at least speak with my friend to assure her that he was "on the case." He eventually made an appearance about 15-20 minutes later. Without trying to at least sympathize (let alone empathize) with my friend's anxiety, fears, etc., he became increasingly agitated with her because she was trying to tell him that the waitperson brought the charge slip to our table for her signature without the card and should have never done so. He took it as a personal affront, advised my friend that complaining about what happened would not make her card "magically reappear," and exacerbated her already anxious mood by arguing with her instead of placating her. After giving her contact information to the proprietor, she and I left the establishment and returned to her home. Moments later she received a call informing her that the card was located and would she return to retrieve it. We returned to the restaurant where my friend returned cash to the server (who had taken the money out of her own pocket to ease the situation) and received her debit card from the "night manager." Apparently the owner decided to use him and a bouncer to make sure we got in and out of there as soon as possible (for two women who have grown children of their own). Oooooh....a bouncer! We felt very dangerous after that. How scary we must appear to be! The bouncer, a guy wearing a muscle shirt and tattoos going up both arms, followed us out to the parking lot to apparently make sure we didn't spread our happiness to the patrons on the patio. For the inconvenience of having to cancel her debit card when she returned home (it was in a compromised status for over 2 hours), being embarrassed by the owner of the restaurant in front of a restaurant full of patrons, and being followed by a bouncer (she's probably 5'2" tall in her sandals) to make sure she didn't stir up trouble, she was given a business card with a note for future servers to honor her with a free meal (AS IF!).If the rating was solely based on the food, service (from a different waitperson), and atmosphere that we experienced for the first few hours we were there, Fuzzy's would receive a five-star rating from me. However, due to the owner's attitude and performance (which rated a negative five-star status), I will give them a two-star rating for the quality and quantity of the food, the atmosphere, and the friendliness of the other patrons. If you still want to try Fuzzy's food, go for the chili made with ground buffalo meat, the buffalo chicken wrap (I had the grilled versus the fried), and the chicken Caesar salad.I would caution you, however, to pay in cash and go when the owner is on vacation (or get your order "to go").
5	We have been to Fuzzy's a few times since the new owners took over.  We really enjoy the friendly staff and management.  Erik & Mike (the new owners) routinely walk around and visit with the customers.  The food is excellent and plenty of it.  They are open to suggestions and are working hard to make this a fun place to meet with friends.  Highly recommend them.
3	The food is way better than the atmosphere. If you are retired and like sports, this is the crowd for you. The rest of us may feel a bit out of place. However the drinks are good, the service is decent, and the food is surprisingly good. Try the Ruben!
2	Looks like a sports bar, sounds like a sports bar, must be a sports bar.  Not a restaurant/bar.We had the cobb salad.  Safeway mixed greens, MAYBE one slice of bacon, one egg, lots of black olives, lots of dry chicken chunks...dry!!  Some bleu Cheese "crumbles" and what they call bleu cheese dressing.Price was ok.  Salad was SAD!I won't go back, but if you decide to, try the hamburger.
4	Fuzzy's has been changing recently.  The crowd's been getting younger, there's entertainment a couple nights a week (DJ/karaoke) and there's a cool vibe there that hadn't been in the past. The food is great for inexpensive bar fare - the Chef salad I had was awesome (get the balsamic vin.) and they say they have the best burgers in the West Valley, too. The service can be sparse at times, but they make the effort and usually do it with a smile.
2	Not recommended.  Mediocre food at somewhat high prices.  Although the servers are usually friendly, they usually seem understaffed and never come around quite enough.  Although the wings are pretty good, they are just not worth the trip.  We wanted to like this place, and went a handful of times.  However, after several lackluster trips, I doubt we will be back.
1	I popped in at noon to buy a gift card was told only the owner/manager could do that and he wouldn't be in until 3. I called at 3 to make sure he was here to purchase a gift card. I get here and there is no manager and I've been waiting for 30 minutes to buy a gift card.  I watched the bar for anyone who looked in charge  after the owner was there for 10 minutes the waitress finally got him to come over.  I did not buy a card.  I will NEVER be back to this place again. Also the bartender kept the bottle opener IN her pants. Not in a pocket. Between her buttcheeks and her pants. Again never will be back.
5	This is a review of the new Fuzzy's.  New owners, new carpet, new chef and just a great place to watch sports and hang out.  Try the Texas French Toast on Sat. for breakfast and then just chill the rest of the day.My husband loves the burgers and you can't go wrong because the new chef is awesome!!The wait staff is funny, fast and makes me feel at home even though I don't have a clue about sports.Relax, kick back and enjoy your weekend!
3	Pretty good prices on drinks but have never had their food.
4	Wife and I actually had a good time here. Been here twice now, service is very good. In two visits, we have had their BLT, cheeseburger, sports fries w/chili, chips and salsa, prime rib sliders. All of it were very good! Daughter had their meatball sandwich, even though she wasn't that impressed. I liked it very much!!! Music was great, and we will come back again!
1	Just went to Fuzzy's today around 3pm and we asked for two jack and cokes, we received two diet cokes. Went to the bar told the waitress we ordered two jack and cokes and even joked to her how we thought we were getting huge jack and cokes and left our untouched diet cokes on the edge of the table. The waitress visited as few times as possible and barely stuck around to hear us talk, actually walked away from us while we were talking to her... Needless to say we were charged for those 2 diet cokes we never ordered. SW Steak sandwich was just meh.. french fries were good but how hard is that?Will NOT be going back...
2	My hubby&I were in for lunch today Nov29. There was 1 bartender/server for whole place including outside. We happened to be in the area, they have Buzztime, so we tried it. Don't think it will be a repeat. Server just not as friendly as we are used to in telling us any food or beer specials. Hubby ordered French dip which was the special and he said good, altho falling apart in his hands. I ordered Caesar chicken, not specifying the wrap,not the salad. The salad was served, I said, I wanted the wrap and server said "You ordered the salad but its an easy fix to make it a wrap." She took my food,was gone about 10 min. and wrap appeared (including the croutons) I guess I should have been more specific about wanting the wrap or she should have asked.My tea refills were not timely. Beer orders and re orders were taken care of tho. Taste of the wrap was good. However when we go out to eat its not ALL about the food - need great service, atmosphere, Buzztime, good prices. Server said they have WiFi but its been problematic lately - we had no signal.I bet regular customers find better service.
1	I had a chicken Cobb salad and the meat was dry like wood.  My mother had a hamburger which she ordered medium rare and she got well done.  The waitress did give us a 15% off the bill, but needless to say we probably won't go back.  The place wasn't busy and it took a long time to get our meals to the table.
2	PLUS - walkable from the Hampton Inn where we were stayingMINUS - service was slow, they barely wanted to serve us and we were a party of 14....PLUS - tons of TVs so if you want to watch the game this is a good place to see it!Anyway...not sure if there is better in the area....it suited a purpose but wasn't a must visit.
5	My family and I have been here 3 times in one week. We have had great service and delicious food!  I've gotten the French dip every time, it's prime rib and it's the best I've ever had. The homemade chips and the fries are so good.  My grandma had the fish and chips which she loved and my mom thought the patty melt was quite tasty! I highly recommend this place!
5	If you're looking for great food, TV's with sports event everything way you look, friendly service and free Wi-Fi, Fuzzy's is your place!!I love the fact that they know you by name after 2 visits!!  There's music at night and great weekend breakfast (my fav is the Texas French Toast and eggs) plus they now have the most amazing handmade pizzas!!!  This is my idea of a neighborhood hangout that is really hard to find in the Surprise area!!Try it out and you'll be smiling too!!!
4	This is my go-to place in a pinch when I need to get my drink on and want to survey dating options in Surprise Arizona.  The atmosphere is OK, but kind of loud sometimes.  The drinks are strong which is a big plus with me.  The food is surprisingly good and the service is even better.  My favorite is the French dip.  I order it every time.  The homemade chips and the fries are so good.  Overall you won't be disappointed.
2	Great happy hour deals - horrible bartenders - they look like they hate their jobs and treat the customers like it
2	Very average place. It seems to be a popular place for locals. But since spring training visitors bring some revenue to these places, you'd think we would get some better service. Average food too....everything here must come frozen.
4	Good food, good ambience and great service.  The French dip sandwich was well made with prime rib meat and a homemade dipping sauce that tasted like beef broth and not the onion soup mix you normally get.  Probably will get the French dip sandwich the next time we come here.
2	The food is OK... Jenna is an awesome server, but this place needs a "Bar Rescue" ... If you don't want much, you found your place... Lotsa TVs = Good... Lotsa junk laying around... Needs a good scrubbing... Be aware trivia Monday night... Even if NCAA championship is on.... Sports bar...huh?Continue on down the road, there is better
5	Fuzzys Sports Bar has something for everyone!! When you think of Sports Bar great food isn't usually the first thing that comes to mind but at Fuzzys you get treat food at great prices plus great sports.one of my favorites is pasta Tues when the chef makes homemade pasta followed by homemade cannoli for desert. Now that's a winner.Breakfast on Saturday and Sunday will knock your socks off with Texas French Toast and huge omlettes!The cheese curd and pretzel appetizers are awesome and I highly recommend themYes the atmosphere and staff are wonderful and so is the food!
3	This place actually has great food and I see some new bartenders so maybe we are moving up
4	They've always been friendly here at fuzzys. The drinks are decently priced. And it's nice to have a place that opens early (9am) when you're wanting a bloody mary. I haven't found another place in surprise that does. It's a win.
4	Great build a burger with good service and a friendly atmosphere. Hows that for original review? Do try the fish fry.
5	came in on a tuesday night. awesome service, fresh food came quick and cooked perfectly. i got the bacon, avacado burger and it was really good! the wings were really good too. i gave it a 5 star rating because i honestly have nothing bad to say about the place. food was came quick and was perfect. service was stellar and manager came after our meal and asked if he could give our 2yr old a scoop of ice cream on the house. nice little gesture and whole place was just nice. no complaints, perfect score.
1	The place was aweful! The bartender was rude and not friendly she needs to move on. We got a hamburger and told her no onions ... Of course she didn't listen and the meat was under cooked -- she basically threw the order at us.
4	This place is what I'm talking about! The food is hand made and it shows. The hamburgers are awesome! The consistency is great! The servers are really good and the booze just flows. They also have the NFL ticket so that rocks! This is what a sports bar should be like.
