5	They have nice radios and the important thing is one dollar installation.
1	Had my speakers replaced, sub installed and a amp installed in my MINI, after less then 8 months all the products that were installed by Audio Express has failed.  Who installs an Amp upside down? I spent over 2000 dollars and after calling the store they said that they wouldnt warranty because i didnt buy their warranty.  I am also reporting this company for selling items and then installing other products hoping the customer doesnt notice.  Shame on you Audio Express.
3	They donot stand behind their products I was told I had to buy another unit when my kenwood wold not eject my cd.
4	Jedd and crew were very helpful in getting a solid start to a great bass system.Quality product and any questions I had they were more than informative, after all, spending a couple grand on a stereo is quite a big step these days. You want to know you are getting quality.A word of advice to all who go here and are considering a large purchase. In house warranty,it's 50$ for piece of mind. Don't make a mistake by passing on it, you never know. Just look at the guy above..perfect example
5	I decided to get a deck put in my '12 challenger. Got quotes and opinions from a few places but Audio Express has been around for awhile and they seemed to know the most. After going to talk to them in person, Aaron reassured me that the Kenwood is the best option and explained all there is to know about the system. He was extremely helpful, knowledgable, and got us in for installation that same day! I am very pleased with the turn out. The install is clean and everything functions properly. After reading other reviews, I'm happy I decided to get the in house warranty but so far I haven't had a problem. I will definitely go back for more audio upgrades in the future.
5	After purchasing an older vehicle, I wanted to upgrade the indash unit but still keep the original/steering function and Jed and his team were able to make that happen. The professionalism and customer service experienced there was outstanding and recommend anyone looking for an upgrade to visit this store. Get the Kenwood DNN991 and Maestro kit and enjoy your ride. The passengers surely appreciate the wifi capabilities built-in this unit. Thanks again to Jed and his team.
1	One of my biggest pet peeves when go to a establishment like this is when everything in the store is super high priced and their customer service is horrible.  I decided to give this place another go.  I was here a few years ago when my radio got stolen.  I went in for a replacement. I'm in the store at least 15 minutes and not one employee comes up to help.  Finally when I get the manager at the time he explains that everybody was busy when I clearly saw that everybody wasn't busy.  At that time I left a review that mysteriously disappeared and the name of the business was still Audio Express but now it's the home of the one dollar install added to it....with no reviews.  Since I picked up a new vehicle I figured I'd give them another shot because it's been a few years and I was sure there was a new cast of people and at least a new answer.  So I go inside and  looking at the receiver for a good amount of time and in my mind I knew the one I wanted.  I look over and the employee is just sitting there looking me.  Almost at the same moment and guy comes in the store and the employee immediately helps the guy.  When I walked into the store there were 3 employees at the counter ....2 were talking to each other and 1 was with a customer.   A few minutes later the previous customer disappears and leaves the store.  2 of the employees go in the back and it was the one guy that was left behind the counter.   I'm almost afraid to say what it is.  Though I know in my mind exactly what it is.  The last time I took my vehicle clear across town because I refused to give this place any money.  I ended up inconveniencing myself.  I'm not going to do that this time.  I've decided to ask my girlfriend to go in and broker the deal.  I'm sure I'll get same day service then.  It's sad that I have to resort to this but I'm literally 30 seconds from this place and this time I'm not going across town again.  One more thing....they may be the home of the 1 dollar install but if you quick search the item you want compared to what they have in stock you'll see the mark up immediately.  It's actually the home of the $100 dollar install.
1	So I feel compelled to update my review.  I went in early this morning to see if service would be any different and actually I was helped out by the general manager.  I wanted a double din receiver and I asked the manger to take a look to see if it would fit in my vehicle since they are the experts.  He stated...you seen one you seen them all and he concluded it would fit.  So I go up to the register to make the appointment and one of the installers comes out to let the manager know that the receiver I wanted would require a ton of extra work or more or less it wouldn't fit unless I was willing to pay a whole day of labor.  So that was a waste of time again.  I decided to go with a single din receiver but I didn't like the receivers they had.  I asked the manager if I was to buy my own receiver how much would it cost me to have them install it.  He states $70.00 for a single din receiver.  I was like that's it!  I told him I recalled it being more in the past.  He reassured me it was 70.00.  So I said ok and I would be back to make an appointment after I picked up a receiver I wanted.  So I went back a few hours later to make the appointment.  This time I got one of the installers who was checking me out.  After he rang it up he states that the price is 189.00 to install it.  I say to him that the manager told me it would cost 70.00 bucks to install the radio so he looks at him with a look like ....Here we go again.  Now the General Manager starts to back peddle and says....Well labor is like $110.00 and then parts come up to be like 189.00.  I stated you told me $70.00 bucks earlier.  He really didn't have an answer for me on that one.  I started to google how much it would be for parts to install the receiver I purchased but I didn't have the time to fool around with looking up prices at the time.  There was another guy that was getting checked out and I overheard him tell the guy the labor is around 89 bucks.  At that moment I started to realize that this place is just pulling numbers out of the air as they go.  Look I understand that they are trying to run a business and they need to make a profit as well....my complaint is it needs to be prices listed or they need to be honest up front with prices.  Im not trying to get something for nothing and I definitely have the money to pay for it but I feel if your lying to me (like the general manager did) Im going to call you out on it.
