5	I have never ordered a banner, but I needed one quick and wanted to use a local company. I called Al and he gave me a price over the phone, had the proof to me in an hour and I had my banner the next day. The prices were extremely reasonable and the sign was exactly what I asked for.  I will definitely use Al for my next banner, and any other printing needs I may have in the future. I would definitely recommend Banner Plus! Great job, Al!
5	I am a school teacher and I needed a banner to put in my classroom. I put together a picture and sent it to Al. The price was reasonable, and the quality was fantastic. AND he delivered it to my school before I needed it. If I ever need any other graphics done, I will definitely call Al.
5	Al does a fantastic job at making beautiful, eye-catching, colorful signs and banners.Our church & school have ordered lots of banners from Al and the prices are always fantastic. He even updates the dates on our banners so we can reuse them year after year for special events, which doesn't help him out, but saves us tons of money. We really appreciate him!!! We have had some banners for years and they still look new, even though we put them up outside in horrible wind and relentless sun.The banners look professional and gorgeous and he gets them to us extremely quickly.Don't even think of going to ANYONE ELSE!!!!!
5	I called Al regarding having a banner made for our football team and he produced an amazing banner the very next day!  I was extremely impressed with his promptness and great attention to detail.  I will definitely be ordering any additional banners from Banner Plus!
5	Best place in vegas! Al was a big help , made it so convenient . it was at a great price and got it the next day!  i wont go anywhere else for my banners! this is the place to go! great prices great quality and no shipping cost!
5	I ordered a banner to be made for my photography business and it came out great. It was finished in one day and Al made sure that everything was perfect on the banner. Great service and Very friendly. I would recommend him to all my friends as well as use his service again.
5	It was a very last minute request when my family found out that our son-in-law was coming back from Afghanistan. We wanted to surprise him at the airport with a  big 'Welcome Home" .  I emailed Al about it and he had a beautiful banner completed the next day.  Banner's Plus Rocks!  Thanks Al, you're the best!
5	I contacted Al via email to ask for a quote on a back window decal, he sent me a quick response with a very fair price for the work.  Due to personal over scheduling I missed our first scheduled appointment and Al was nice enough to reschedule me for the next day.  I met Al and his lovely wife today to have a decal put on my back window.  Not only did they put a beautiful decal on my window, he was nice enough to show interest in my business by asking what else I was doing as far as marketing (since I am new to the area and building up my clientele) and even making some good suggestions on what else I could do to get my name out there.  Fast, flexible, efficient and affordable!  I highly recommend Banner Plus to anyone looking to get decals done!  I was very happy with the work done for my business :)
5	Al at Banner Plus is a five star operation and very cost effective.  I had two signs made for our church and it took very little time for him to complete and finish the job.The signs came out perfect.  GRET WORK AL!!
5	It was a pleasure dealing with Banner Plus. They were very quick in processing my banner order and it looked great! There prices are very reasonable compared to other banner companies. I would use them again without a doubt!
