4	This was a great value.  I stayed here with family while visiting more family, so we packed ourselves in, allowing us to all get housed at under $25/person/night.  The suite we stayed in had two double beds in one room and a sleeper sofa in the other, with french doors that closed between the two.   Both had televisions, so at night we could watch separate shows.  There was a mini-fridge and a microwave available, with continental breakfast in the lobby.  My preference was for the make-it-yourself waffles and the hard-boiled eggs, though there were also pastries, bagels, cereal, and fruit.  After five days of the same options that got repetitive.  You can also get a tray delivered at the door of your room with coffee, OJ, and muffins, though if the "Do Not Disturb" sign is on the door, instead of knocking they might call your room to let you know that it's been delivered.  Kinda misses the point of the sign, then, you think?  But the staff was incredibly helpful and friendly for everything.  The "business center" isn't much, just two computers in a closet off the main lobby that give internet access and have printers attached, but use is free and wireless access is freely available.  The fitness center could stand some additional equipment, but the weather was fine for outdoor running this time of year.  As for location, it was exactly what we wanted, just off the 101 loop and next to a bunch of restaurants and a large shopping mall complex.  The rest of my family already has plans to return!
4	Nice hotel.  Nice location.
4	The service makes it a 5 stars while the acoomodations makes it a 4 stars. The service was outstanding and they let me check in at noon whch was great. Chris Swords I gave her an A++ for outstanding service. Now the room unfortunately had an interesting smell, but the room was pretty big. The beds on the other hands were okay. I wish I had more sheets though because I like having plenty of them to go to sleep.  I loved that they have free wireless and have free breakfast.
5	I called the Windmill about 2 weeks before my wedding and asked them for one of their conference rooms on a Wednesday night.  Not only did she say yes, but she knocked $200 off the price, set me up with an AMAZING chair/table decorating company, and gave me access to the room the day before my wedding.Anything I asked for was given - and then some.  We plan to go back every year just to celebrate this place and their wonderful service.We were given the "Presidential Suite" and for a "post-wedding" night - it was spectacular.  Gals, if you need a reception site, this place is AWESOME.
4	Awesome large rooms with everything you need! Excellent service,sparkling clean pool and continental breakfast delivered to your room! A definite must stay!
4	I stayed there in late Oct 2011. The staff is friendly and helpful. The suites are large, clean, and comfortable. The continental breakfast is delicious and plentiful.It would have been five stars, except I put the "Do Not Disturb" card on my door one day while I was working in my room, and then switched it to the "Please Service" card when I left. The housekeepers were on my wing when I left, but they didn't make up the room that day. I also found the water pressure in the shower to be very low, but that may be the norm in Arizona (to conserve water.)Overall, it was a great value.
5	Windmill Inns & Suites in Chandler is perfect for weekend getaways! I absolutely loved the beds, their free breakfasts, the free apples & cookies at the front desk, the Order Inn Room service, and the awesome salt water pool and hot tub. The Front Desk staff of Kevin, Matt, Brooke & Maren were stellar! Brenda in Housekeeping and Juan in Transport were pretty great too. I was able to go out to local establishments, without having to worry about calling a cab. I stayed at the Windmill Suites, my last two weekends in Arizona. Both weekends, I ended up extending my stay by a day. I would highly recommend this hotel.
4	Stayed here a few times now just to get away and the rooms are always nice, very clean and fairly cost efficient. Your right next to the mall and all that that implies, which means you have a ton of food and entertainment options. As far as the hotel itself, the pool is nice, hot tub is present but not very hot, most of them aren't these days anyway though. The rooms are clean and spacious, the only thing that might be lacking is the breakfast, it has a long way to go, but it at least gets the job done. Great deal for the price and location though.
4	Not a cheap hotel but its has good amenities when you are traveling: spacious rooms, microwave,  fridge, etc.  Super comfy beds,  I refer to ad "cloud beds."  And... They bake comes at the front desk everyday!   I mean who can beat that?   Decent continental breakfast included in the stay.  Friendly staff who keep wine openers available at the front desk.
4	I stumbled upon this in town hotel as I was searching for pet friendly places to stay overnight. Funny, I pass it al the time and just never really paid attention. My room came to $188 on a Tuesday night but it was a nice stay. The front desk person was friendly and helpful. They offered my dog a treat bag. In the room, there was a microwave, 2 tvs and plenty of space to lounge around. As all hotels it seems, it wasn't very quiet to outside noise, but there was hardly any. They featured a continental breakfast, Wi-Fi, room service, and of course, pet friendly areas and accommodations. It is right next to the mall so convenient to everything in Chandler pretty much.
3	The hotel and amenities were great. HOWEVER, some of the staff - specifically Cristi (morning - I think that's her name) and Briana (evening) front-desk people were so rude it almost made us want to leave - or slap them. Especially Briana! She is so inept it's a wonder she's able to clothe herself.However, the woman with the English accent who as at the front desk during our checkout could not have been nicer.Convenient location, average price, large rooms that are more like a suite with a mini-kitchen and sitting area.(This review was for our stay in December.)
5	I would give the Hyatt more, however, there are only 5 available.Fantastic for business, although I would come back with my family.When traveling for business/training you need certain things, clean room, comfortable bed and fast internet. The Hyatt had all of the those and more. My room was a standard room but really the size of a large suites that I have stayed in. The van driver was nice enough to take me to the restaurant for dinner and he even waited patiently as I ran into a store to get some items I have forgot.So here is where the WOW part comes in:I left my cell-phone in my hotel room and was totally stressed out at training. My husband and I were buying a house and I needed to be near the phone in case he needed me for anything. The hotel located my phone and delivered to my training site. Wow...who does that!Second WOW moment. They serve a complimentary breakfast and I am kind of picky about what I eat. One of the staff make sure I had want I wanted for the remaining 3 days I stayed....so cool. I think his name was Dennis. It was one of those touches that eases the pain of being away from home.I would highly recommended this hotel, hope you find it as wonderful as I did!
5	I stayed at this Hyatt and was soooooooooooo impressed with the hotel. The bed was very comfortable and the room was so clean, my room even had a living room with a large flat screen tv and couch, etc... The breakfast each morning was delicious.  I will stay there again that's for sure!
