3	Have been twice now, both times around 6pm, which is when I usually find places packed.  Here though, there is always someone to immediately take me.Quality of manicure and pedicure is average to above average....nothing out of the ordinary, but consistently reliable to make me look like a lady again.The women here are VERY nice and accommodating, which you don't always find.  The place is super clean and the massage chairs work like they are supposed to.  Prices are a bit high compared to what I am used to in San Diego ($40 for a mani-pedi), but that could be a function of location.Will be going back and would recommend this to a friend.
3	My daughter's wedding was in Vegas and we needed a place for the bridal party to get mani/pedis the day of the event. They were able to take our party, 7 total, with less than 24 hour notice. They were very up front about fees when asking if we wanted extra services. They even explained the benefits. All in all I was very satisfied with my mani/pedi. If I need a mani/pedi next time I'm in Vegas, I will travel to Fantasy Nails in Summerlin (Boca Park shopping center).
3	Walked-in for a pedi and they took me right away. Everything was done well and the salon was clean. Found staff to be ok... not rude, but not friendly (they were busy and it was definitely churn and burn). Typical nail spot, but good value. I thought the color selection as another reviewer stated was low. Good for a quick and average job.
3	Walked in for a manicure and the manicure was fine and they took me right away, but the woman that helped me wasn't very friendly. She was polite, but was very indifferent. Nothing really wow'd me about this place, but good for a quick manicure. Not a ton of color selection, but still decent. The shop was nice and clean. Would probably recommend it to a friend who is in a rush.
1	this place is deplorable! i have no idea how they stay in biz. I really wanted to like this place because its so close to where im living and i use the shopping center regularly. but i walked in for mani and pedi...the man in charge seemed polite enough but the lady that came to do my nails was beyond rude. her tone and demeanor is bitter and miserable and the service was unbelievably poor quality. Also forgot to mention, the place reeeks of acrylic...no ventilation. they leave the front door open but no fan or a/c to circulate. Awful.
1	My first and last time there. A rude woman did a very bad pedicure very quickly without caring to look at her job. I thought the place is good, so the salon will be. But i left disappointed
4	Okay so I'm so glad I decided to get a much-needed-kick-off-Spring-Break pedicure while I waited for my glasses prescription to be filled! This little nail salon is sandwiched right between a few more pricey boutiques in Boca Park, across from Kona Grill. Before I stepped in, I checked the reviews, and they didn't seem so great, but I took a chance and had a really awesome pedicure for the standard $25! I forget the name of my lady (which is probably not helpful lol) but she was a bit older than the other nail techs there. Anyway, treatment was standard for every customer--sit in a massage chair (which super impressed me because it has a butt massage option lol!), usual scrub down and nail shaping. Every nail tech also used gloves, which only added to their super clean atmosphere. Also, it was awesome because everyone really takes their time to give your legs and feet a good rub down. Before they finish up your toes with polish, they put on piping hot towels on your legs and feet. I almost fell asleep--it was so relaxing! I thought the customer service was great, aside from this slightly rude guy at the beginning who gave me some attitude when I asked if they had foam slippers --hence the one star deduction. Other than that, everyone was really helpful and not overly pushy with the different services they offer, which is the case at MANY nail salons
4	If I don't tell how would you know about one of the greatest foot message I have ever received while getting a pedi. So great!
4	I've been to various nail salon's in Vegas and Fantasy is by far the best.  The wait time is minimal and they do an amazing job for a reasonable price!  The only time I had a problem was the last time I got my acrylics done and I noticed what I thought what bubbling and I didn't think anything of it but then noticed it was more so like brown speckled dots all over my nails.  I am not sure if the polish they had was bad or not but other than this I have had no issues!
1	I hate bad reviews! But if this stops someone else from spending $100 bucks on terrible results I will do it. First, this place is not clean. They don't run sanitizing cycles between pedicures. They don't sanitize tools and they use the same tools on every customer. I had to stop them from using them on me. I brought my own polish and just hoped I didn't already have something from the foot tub. Even after stopping the pedicure I went ahead with the already scheduled manicure. I asked for gel. She had to go through two bottles to find one that wasn't congealed. At the end my nails looked awful but I paid and tipped just knowing I would NEVER return. Now I have an infection on my fingernail. I should have listened to my gut! I wish a great salon would open in this location. Sadly, it is not these people.
1	I live close to Boca park and I think that nail places around this neighborhood have some sort of standards. I took a shower before getting my toes done, I shave everything and got a mini cut which is common, but on my foot this time. A cut like this goes away in a day bc it is so minor, every women has done this. I go in, get my pedicure. After 15 minutes the younger lady giving me a pedicure realizes I have a cut and says "oh this is open wound lets sterilize it" I say ok with out realizing that SHE HAS NO IDEA WHAT SHES USING FOR MY SKIN. Squirted blue stuff on it and isntantly swelled up. My tiny wound got red all around, then she got offended bc my toe got messed up, barely fixed it. Through out the day my foot remained red. The next day I left for Cancun, through out my flight my foot swelled up, got to Cancun I could barely walk, I was in so much pain for the next 2 weeks, thankfully swelling went down because I had to take anti biotics. My mom is a nurse, and whatever the non medical trained nail lady used on my foot was for instruments not human skin. It happened too fast before I let the lady know I feel uncomfortable about her squirting anything on my wound. A month later my scab is still healing. My grandma got a little infection on her nails after going to Fantasy Nails with me, she got some puss after her gels got done but she healed it herself. Wow, Summerlin just wow. This place please close down so the neighborhood can get a legit nail palce.
4	Diane & Kim are great!  It has been frustrating trying to find a salon that does a good gel fill.   I don't want a  gel manicure.   I think I've found a keeper!  I was getting discouraged.
4	Kim and Nam took GREAT care of me and my friend!  I normally go to my friend who owns a private spa but we were having coffee and Boca Park and just said lets go!  We got pedicures and dozed off....she even was so kind she took my old chipped off yucca gel on my finger nails just to be kind at no charge!   VERY PLEASED!
2	Find out ahead of time what you are going to be charged.  Prices are different depending on the nail tech.
