5	As anyone can see, I am a total babe, and my hair always looks great.  My favorite thing about Studio 924 is the little neck massage they give you before they cut your hair.Seriously, this is the best salon in Madison.  Ask for Catherine.
4	I have been going to Studio 924 for a couple years now. Everyone is friendly. The cuts and colors I have gotten have been perfect. I have been to several salons in Madison and this one is the best for customer service, friendliness and quality of the product.
5	I've always been a little insane about getting my hair cut--more often than not, I would end up putting it off and putting it off until I caved and got a fast appointment, which I would inevitably hate the results of and end up crying afterwards. My hair is super, super thick--lots of hair and each strand is very thick inandofitself--and it waves oddly and sometimes curls and sometimes lies flat. In short, it's a serious pain, and everyone would cut it so it poofed awkwardly.Enter Studio 924. I've had two incredible haircuts there with Katie and have recommended many others to go there, who have also had incredible experiences. The people working there are funny, friendly, listen really carefully, and aren't afraid to ask questions and make sure they understand what you want. You get a scalp massage with every haircut, and the products they use work well and smell wonderful.I've also gotten my hair colored there, and not only was it an incredible job, but since I brought my own dye for the unnatural colors, it was an incredibly reasonable cost and a splendid final result.I can't say enough good things about 924, and would absolutely recommend them to anyone I know.
4	I really like them a LOT. The only reason they got 4/5 was because I got a pedi there once and was not so impressed with that. But I have gotten a couple haircuts there - both last minute and they were super nice about it - and I've been very pleased. My hair can be rather finicky, and I don't like to work hard to look cute, and they work really well with that.... =)
4	Atmosphere: In between hipster and chic.  It's a somewhat hippy-esque Aveda salon.  Flexibility: While they are almost always fully booked for same-day appointments, if you book in advanced they are very understanding of any changes that need made and work to accommodate your schedule.  Prompt call backs on any messages I have left on the machine.  Price: Described on their extremely helpful website, as with most salon's you'll have to specify what level of experience you want your stylist to have and you pay more accordingly.  Haircuts:  I've never had a bad haircut here, I actually just went to my backup salon and hugely regret it and wish I had stayed true to Studio 924.  Stylists will take plenty of time to discuss what you want before they start cutting.  But, before they start you get the most excellent head massage, a shampoo and then down to business.  I would say my only con here is that not all of the stylists are the best at making conversation, so it can get kind of awkwardly quiet.  Coloring: Unfortunately, my experience with coloring here wasn't the best.  The color is beautiful and has held up really well, but it was Way darker than what I had described.  It smells nice though :)Waxing: I've only had my eyebrows and lip done here and it was the most pain-free waxing experience I've ever had.  My brows were pink for maybe half an hour and then poof, no more red, no swelling, no nothing.  Sweet!  Only complaint is they do not trim brows, or at least my stylist didn't.  Come on, that's half the battle!  Makeup: I had my wedding makeup done here.  While it was a little more intense than what I had been expecting and what I had said, it was still beautiful.  You get a free lipstick with any application, and that was nice.  Two of my bridesmaids came out with gorgeous makeup and loved it (I think), the other one looked great, but we all kind of felt like her stylist just did her own thing without consulting her.  Overall, a nice experience.I love Kristin, have had mixed experiences with Janice (though she's Super nice)
4	First off, I am a female, just using my husband's account. Great place, friendly, knowledgeable staff, fair prices! I gave it only 4 stars simply because I am not a huge fan of Aveda products, but that seems to be the line of choice with many salons out here. The first time I went, I had my hair highlighted by MarciAnn. She did a great job considering she had to correct some problems that I had when my previous salon colored it. I went back a second time and had it highlighted and cut by Katie. She did an amazing job! I'm so happy with my color. When she cut it, she blended my layers nicely and went back to cross check sections. I've been living in Wisconsin for 2 years have tried a few different salons, only to be disappointed with the results. Studio 924 is a wonderful salon. I highly recommend you try it!
5	I have been going to Studio 924 for every month for about a year now and I can't imagine being without it. Katy V is an AMAZING stylist and she seems like the only one who can handle my thick unruly hair. Plenty of of excellent product as well!
5	Katie does a great job on cutting my hair!
5	Called on a Thursday morning and got same day appointment at 2:30 p.m.   Loved that!  Had my hair cut by Katy who did an awesome job.  She listened to me and gave me an awesome cut...I have gotten so many compliments.  I had shoulder length hair and she gave me beautiful ear length cut.  Will definitely go back.  Actually, referred my boyfriend there and he also got great cut by the owner.  My cut cost $34 and I gave $10 cash tip.
1	Note: This review is ONLY for nail services, specifically pedicures.  I have not received any hair-styling services from this business; in my opinion they should stick to hair and not try to offer services that they are not equipped to provide.I had a pedicure scheduled last Saturday because I wanted to try something closer to home, and I feel like Cameo (now Alan Koa), where I normally go, is over-priced.  This turned out to be ironic, since Studio 924 wasn't any cheaper than the Cameo/AK "express" pedicure.The salon called me a couple of hours before my appointment to let me know that the person I was scheduled with was running late, and they'd need me to come in 15 minutes later.  That was fine since my schedule for the day was relatively open, and I did appreciate the heads-up.When I arrived at Studio 924, Jody greeted me and was very nice.  She led me into a small room where it looked like they do their nail and waxing services.  I was immediately taken aback by the pedicure set-up, which consisted of what looked to me like the kind of foot bath you could buy yourself for home use--okay but nothing special--and a chair that looked like something you'd find in a very low-end conference room, just a metal frame with thin vinyl upholstery.  After seating me, Jody left me for awhile with the sample nail wheels that showed the available polish.I am not exaggerating when I say that I, a private individual with admittedly a bit of a nail polish problem, own about three times as many bottles of the stuff as this salon has available for nail services.Lack of selection outside the traditional red/pink/purple spectrum is a common problem at nail salons, but Studio 924 didn't even have that much to offer in purple, and had, I believe, ONE orange polish and three blues.  I selected a dark blue with some microglitter in it, as I had been particularly hankering after a sparkly blue (the other two were completely matte--I thought they had an oddly high percentage of totally matte polishes out of the thin selection that they offered).After soaking and exfoliating my feet, and prepping my toenails, Jody went to open the blue polish I had selected.  It wouldn't budge.  She banged it on the floor for long enough that I had to wonder how badly it would bubble once applied, but it didn't actually matter because it STILL wouldn't budge.  She applied acetone around the lid and saw a lot of dried polish come out, but she still couldn't get it open.  Apparently someone had done quite a number on that bottle; I don't know how they managed to get so much polish to leak and dry that it could not be unsealed.  (Actually, I suspect the problem may be that, as other posters have mentioned, the building has no AC, and nail polish stored in extreme heat can actually explode sometimes; if not tightly sealed, the bottle might allow polish to leak out on its own when heated, and then dry between the lid and the bottle.)I finally had to choose a different polish, in a dark-ish wine color, because there weren't even any true purples with any glitter or sheen to them available.  A small thing in the larger scheme of things, I recognize, but at the time it was intensely frustrating.  It didn't help that during the prep process, I had also gotten room temperature wet towels on my feet because someone had forgotten to turn on the towel warmer, the water in the foot bath had gone completely cold, and I had almost tipped over backwards in that conference room chair when Jody asked me to shift the position of my feet.And for all this, I paid $40 plus tip.  Which honestly, I didn't feel like giving, but I'm not a complete asshole, and Jody seemed nice enough (she also happened to mention that she's currently the only person at Studio 924 who does pedicures, because all the other employees "think feet are gross").  This just isn't a service that they are at all equipped to offer, and they certainly shouldn't be charging $40 for a pedicure that feels like something my friend did in their kitchen.  That's the reason for the single star--I really did debate between one and two, but this would be a two-star pedicure for $20.I guess the silver lining here is that Cameo/AK, with its actual massage chairs and well-maintained broad polish selection, suddenly doesn't seem THAT over-priced in comparison.  I just wish I hadn't had to personally experience this pedicure to feel better about the next one I get elsewhere.
5	I have been going to kristen now for over 5+ years. She does an amazing job! I have short hair and I always get tons of compliments. This place is great. Even after moving of campus it is worth the 20 plus minute drive into downtown.
4	I got my hair permed here, and unfortunately it didn't turn out the way I wanted it - I've had my hair permed before and loved it, so I definitely had expectations. For whatever reasons, it just didn't take the first time. But: when I called back, they were very accommodating and fit me in for a re-do two weeks later. Jody was my stylist both times, and it looks wonderful now. I will be back, especially because it's conveniently close to my office.It's average Aveda prices - obviously a little pricey but totally worth that Aveda smell ;) And, I love that it's had the same owners for over 20 years.  I remember watching my mom get her hair cut there when I was little.
5	Just got my hair cut here (it's like my second home now), and it looks great.
5	saw kristin today.  she listened to me and gave me an awesome cut.  highly recommend this place- i've been here 3x now and it hash't disappointed me.
5	When I move away from Madison, and it will happen someday, I might have to spring for a plane ticket every 2 months so I can have Jen at 924 cut my hair. She's the only one who has ever gotten it completely right, every single time.
5	I've been trying to find a place for so long. I've been to countless barbers and never considered going to a salon, but I have been forever changed. Jody needed no elaborate description of how I wanted my hair. She just went to work and asked several questions throughout. She hit it right on the head!  My hair isn't difficult but, but after 6 years of almosts, I finally found my place :) I recommend Jody to anyone. Thank you!
4	Your friendly Johnson/Gorham neighborhood salon!!!I came to Studio 924 for the first time today. I had a bulky, overgrown pixie cut, and Keely did a great job fixing it. I'm usually a D.I.Y girl when it comes to hair, but I will definitely remember this place for emergencies. It was less expensive than I thought it would be, and they gave me complimentary chamomile tea. I'm a fan :)
4	It's so hard to find a good hair salon and hairdresser. After reading the reviews on Yelp I decided to give it a try after having a disastrous haircut somewhere else. The staff here are super friendly and their prices are very good. I also got a great haircut! Keely paid a lot of attention to my hair type (medium curls) and gave me a great cut that makes my curls look awesome. I will definitely be coming back.
5	I have now been to the Studio three times for haircuts with Lauren. All of my experiences have been extremely positive. Here's the break down:* friendly receptionists who greet you promptly and are super helpful in setting up appointments* quick, businesslike (but pleasant) haircuts: Lauren has the hairdresser banter questions down pat, but also seems genuinely interested in having a chat during the cut.* fab haircuts for curly haired types like myself: I do jot trust many people behind the shears, and she has passed muster*reasonable prices: $26 for a cut! I was paying someone (who I still love, buuuutt) $60!! I now have a shorter 'do with more upkeep needs, so $26 is way more reasonable on a bimonthly basis.
