4	My car is clean! It was, to say the least, disgusting. Combine 3 Boys, 2 dogs & about 6 months of funk build-up since the last good cleaning & you can only imagine how bad it was *shudder* I recruited my hubby to get the car cleaned last weekend. Being new to Henderson & not really knowing where to go, I headed to yelp for some research. After reading the bad reviews for Green Valley hand wash, I stumbled upon the one & only good review for this place & sent him on his way. He said the place was great, friendly people & they really took their time to get my car cleaned well. Or maybe it really just took that long b/c of how gross it was. Either way, it's clean & I'm a happy camper!
4	Competent. If you get there early, you do not spend much time waiting. I got there around 8am had a wash, seat shampoo and a mini wax job. It took an hour+ for less than $99. They do a good job and usually there is someone that will inspect and offer to fill chips in the windows.
3	While convient to where I go to school, HVSCW is nothing to write home about. I mean, they do a pretty good job of washing your car, charging you a fair price for it and wiping it down, but that's about it. Basic and to the point is what it is. Granted, one of my dislikes about this place is they still use machines to wash your car and it is not hand washed. While it may not be a big deal for some, to me, it makes a world of difference as the chances of your car being damaged in the tunnel increase dramatically. All in all though, they did the job I paid them to do and my car is now clean.
1	Sucks all around. Just go to 7hills wash. Sooo much better. I just want to say though I do not work at 7hills and am not doing this for them, I seriously just stopped going to horizon village after they started f**king up my $45000 truck.
2	i asked them to please wipe down my back seat, a simple request, i was told sure, was not done.  they didn't empty my trash bag that i have hanging near the glovebox, my windshield was still not clean.  not the best place just convenient.
3	Not the best car wash I've ever had, but not the worst either.  I wish it was done entirely by hand, but it's cheap and basic.  You pretty much figure that going in... so for what it is, it's okay.  Not great... just okay.  And I'm okay with that.
2	I've frequented this place over the last year. I always catch the $7.99 basic wash and vacuum and they've done a good job. My husband stopped in today and it was the first time they did a really lousy job!- there were still spots left all over the car, finger prints on the inside console. In the past, I've been impressed with how thorough they are. Maybe it was an off day, but what really turned me off was, he paid by bank card (as he always does) and noticed the man actually asked to check the receipt for his tip. UGH. I hate that.
4	I have seen this place with a line down to the Chase Bank next door.  Lucky for me when I went I was first in line and drove right up.  Brought my new car here for her first wash and was surprised at how careful, gentle, and detailed they were!  The car was spotless and, for the price I paid, I couldn't believe how much time they spent on my vehicle.  I was very pleasantly surprised.  When I went back to have my husband's car washed I noticed they had a buy 10 get one card.  I told the cashier that I'd had my car washed a few days prior and was sad I didn't know about this rewards card.  No card?  No problem!  She gave me credit for two washes that day, without a receipt.  Great service!  Will definitely return.
4	Ive passed by cars that have drove out from this place looking shiny new so  I knew they do a pretty decent job and why I decided to try this place out.  Pulled up early afternoon, it wasn't busy at all. Looked at the prices and options listed above and since I didn't want my car going thru the automatic washer, I opted for the hand wash and wax job, tires cleaned, along with my leather seats conditioned and interior cleaned. The employee wrote my ticket and I went in to make the payment and waited for my car to get pampered. They sure take the pain out of waiting by providing a couple of massage chairs, plenty of bench seating, and a bistro table set. From here also you can watch your car go thru the automatic wash (if you paid for that option) through the viewing window.  There's a TV also you can watch to kill time. Or you can do some shopping in their little store they have set up and get stuff for your car.  Most of the merchandise are novelty key chains and impulse buys. They also sell bottled drinks in a cold case display.My car was cleaned inside and vacuumed went to hand wash area and was out in front to be wax and dried within 20 minutes.  2 employees worked on my car waxed and buffed it to a sparkley shine. They were pretty thorough and open up the  car doors and wiped it down also. When my car was ready I did a quick check and my car was spotless.  I didn't see any water spots on chrome areas or windows. The wax job done was smooth as glass, no gritty feeling. It was about a 45 minute wait. If I had done the job myself it would've took me 2 hours and alot of muscle power. So paying the $45 for the job was worth it and I was very pleased.
1	Do not go here! I just bought a brand-new car last week (4/9/13) and took it here to be washed and it came out with tons of scratches.  When I brought it to the managers attention he denyed the possibility of his car wash creating the scratches. He basically said That's what i get for having a black car... Also the vacuum job was lousy as well as the Windows.
3	I got the basic package. With two kids in tow, I didn't want to risk them whining with boredom as we waited for my car to be finished.I was given a ticket and was instructed to pay inside.I was glad that they offer cold beverages and snacks for purchase, and they ring you up at the same time you pay for your wash.I was pleasantly surprised at their setup-the two kiddos watched their truck go through the wash-there are huge windows that show your vehicle through the whole wash process. Me? I wasn't paying attention. Once the kids saw the vehicle go through the wash, they sat on the benches and watched TV. I was sitting as well, but in a massage chair. Seriously, little things delight me, or I must live under a rock, and ALL car wash places have massage chairs now. Either way, it was the best $5 spent.My car was hand dried. Only issue was, I didn't know when my car was completed. I kept having to stand up and check if they were still drying it. I don't know if it was just my (bad) luck but other HUGE lifted trucks were obscuring my view of my truck from inside the building. I walked out there and assumed they had finished. Not sure if they would have came looking for the owner of the vehicle once they were finished or not. Next time I'll have to see.My truck is clean. Next time I'll have it detailed, since that takes a little longer and I have dollars to spare for the massage chair =)
1	Great car wash but big scam going with Greenshield window repair saying you have a nick that needs repair.  They come to your windshield with special tool without permission while you are being distracted by the ticket writer.  Big scam.  I don't know why Horizon allows this unless they make a profit.  Beware of this. Next time-if I do go back-I'll take pictures.  They should have no business near your car.  Pissed me off that they did it behind my back.
1	This used to be a good place. For the last year, their prices have gone up and the quality of car wash has gone completely downhill. I just had our car washed today, and even though they charged extra to vacuum my small SUV, they simply folded my rear seats down and tried to hide the trash. Then, upon returning, the owner claimed responsibility for the horrible vacuum job, but said what do you expect when you bought the regular car wash at $12.99? Well, I paid to have the interior vacuumed, and with the added SUV charge, I expected my rear seats to get vacuumed. Despite having numerous smudge marks on the outside, I had them vacuum the inside again and then went home to wash the exterior myself. The owner didn't even offer to have it run through the automated car wash again. I won't be back.
3	Got my usual detail.. handwash.. my car looks great!  Surface smooth.. no gritty feel.. nice and shiny.. the reason for downgrade in rating though is the unnecessary upsell with the car window dude that approaches you when pull in and park.  Tells me my window has a nick.. BS!!.. It was a water spot nimrod!  Just feels like scam written all over his face.  It's the first time in all the years I've come here seen that before. Hopefully it's the last because Horizon Car Wash's integrity is on the line if they continue with this charade.
4	I've had car washes here before and they do a great job, but I come to the Horizon Village Square Car Wash for the massage chairs!!If you have a messed up back like I do and are on a budget, this is the place for a nice little massage! They have three chairs that massage your legs, back and everything else! It costs $1 per massage and it goes for a good while! I wish I could pop $20 in and sit in it all day! They have a TV to watch and magazines to read. Horizon Village also has some convince store items like soda and chips. Along with the normal car things that they sell at a car wash. I will for sure keep coming back for my budget rate massages! If your in the area and need to relax take the chair for a spin!
1	My husband and paid for the most expensive wash and detailed they offered, there was still bird poop all over the sides of the truck, the floor mats weren't cleaned, the windows were smeared and trash was still in the front console. We even tipped the guy. Never going back there.
3	I rate 3 stars because they are a car wash and well they do a decent job washing cars but if you leave your car for a hand wax don't expect it to actually get done. They will tell you they did it and you need clay bar to your paint to get the grit out but the amount of grit would come out with paint. All in all they fixed it and made it right but they tried to screw me out of the wax I paid for. Buyer beware.
1	Avoid at best. Poor car wash over all. You pay top dollar for low quality. Poor management and customer service. Never going back. Do better job myself.
2	Man, I really wanted to love this place... The inside of the store is super clean, they have a nice selection of air fresheners, cards, stuffed animal things for the kids, water, soda and some snacks.It was about 20 bucks with a tip, not bad really. Fairly quick as well 20ish min.((secret over share)) I know the carwash business really well ((really, really well))...I was not a happy camper, at all. If I had had the time I would have made them do it over, and over until they got it right. The back window was not even touched inside, at all. Sloppy, sloppy, sloppy on the interior, did they vacuum it? I have no idea, did not look like it to me. Inside windows a joke. Outside? UUGGHHHH!! the underside of the door untouched wwaaahhhtttt?? You have to try really hard not to wash that. There was something on the rags they used to dry off my poor car, that now needs to be re-washed and waxed. It looks like sap, ya flippin tree sap! My car is kept in the garage and I NEVER park it under filthy bird holding trees!Super upset. If you have your car washed here, you better be on them like white on rice, point out whatever you feel they have missed, and make them go over it, until it is right. If one of my car washes turned out work like this I would have been out of business in a hot second. A child would have tried harder.They get 2 stars, for location. Hopefully, they can step up their game...
1	I wish I could take stars away instead of giving them one. I took my 99 Green Corolla to get washed here during their 8AM-10AM Sunday-Thursday 7.99 Deal. So I get out of the car and hand the keys over to the guy who vacuums the car and I closed the door since he was busy with another customer. They washed the car and looked great, so I go to get into the car after tipping the man who dried the car, where is my door handle!? its not there. So I go inside and talk to the manager. The manager said he isnt responsible. I asked for the owner info, he told me he is out of the country and couldnt talk to me right now. After I told the manager I would take this establishment to small claims court beucase I had the vacuum guy tell him there was a handle on there before the cart went through the washer or else how would he have gotten into the car he said to bring him an estimate for the repiar. The Toyota dealer wanted 328.00 for parts and labor, rock auto wanted 24.98 for the OEM handle. I then went to car wash and spoke to the manager again and told him I was willing to install the part and save his company 300$. He told me he would pay me in free car washes? I have filed a claim with clark county small claims court
4	I have been coming to this place for months, every two weeks I bring my ford here to get washed. I actually have never had an issue with this place, the location is great and to me they always do a wonderful job. It's always super cleaned inside and out. I always purchase the managers special and it never takes them long to get it done, I am here for 30 minutes tops which is fine for me. Great place
1	Went here because of its great location... However ... Will never return. Actually never reviewed any place before... But this place made me so mad. So ripped off. Charged me more than the sign said... Horrible service and when I showed the guy some spots I wanted him to vacuum really good, he brushed me off and complained about me to other employees! Seriously... Don't give them your money!!!!
1	I was a loyal customer here until today. I brought my car in for a complete detail. 3 and a half hours later I call the place that was like a ghost town today and the Russian woman tells me oh yeah he's done come get it. I come and all of the workers are standing against the building having a good time. When the detailer realizes I'm walking to my car he runs over. Now for all of you who have had your carpets and seats cleaned know never keep your windows closed until dry. 1. All doors and windows were closed. Him opening them as I'm standing there has no purpose. 2. Windows and tires weren't done. 3. No plastic seat cover. 4. The Spanish radio station was on loud. (I don't listen to anything Spanish f.y.i.) 5. My heat was blasting. Now to sum this disrespectful visit for me up. My seat wasn't just moved, it was completely readjusted AND MY DAMN GAS! Some mysterious way a half of a quarter tank is gone.They didn't give a shit when I told them. I spoke to the "manger" Eduardo who said well the detailer Juan is gone so there's nothing I can say to him. Really... kiss my American ass you have lost mine and everyone I know who goes here's service. Garbage!
3	Trying out a new car wash is always nerve-racking.  Will it take too long? Will they do a good job.  This place is a 50/50 chance.  If it's busy, they do a poor job.  When it's slow, your car sparkles inside and out.  Take your chances and beware the insurance glass salesmen who is creepy and pushy
1	This place is literally a black hole for time. We paid $100 for a mini detail and leather treatment, and were told that it would be done within an hour. Well, it wasn't. It took 2 1/2 hours. There was only 1 person working on the car the whole time. The quality wasn't worth the money, and the manager was rude. Find a different one on yelp.
1	BE WARNED:I've been told by countless friends and family members, and read tons of Yelp! reviews, that they try and scam you with the "your windshield is chipped" business when you pull up. Sure enough, I pull up, and one guy IMMEDIATELY starts inspecting my windshield and comes around to the drivers side window and asks if I do a lot of driving, because there's "damaging on your windshield that's going to get worse." "It's usually free of charge to fix, depending on your insurance. Who's your insurance." I told him "I'm not sure, my grandparents take care of all of that." He responds with "Well, are you listed on their policy? How do you not know who your insurance is?" I clearly know who I'm insured by, but wasn't going to give this guy the satisfaction of carrying on this conversation any longer. I shrugged my shoulders and said "I'm just really spoiled I guess," smiled and walked away. So just be cautious, if you do decide to come here for a car wash, give your windshield a close inspection before hand, then call them out in their bullshit scam. The car wash and detail was alright. I could have done it at home, for free, and completed a much more finished job. The steering wheel wasn't cleaned. There was still three visible gum wrappers on the floor, intentionally placed. The back window was only cleaned in the middle, coincidentally where the little Mexican man could reach. There is still residue and everyday-gunk on my windows. What's that saying... Oh yeah; you get what you pay for.
