3	Bless this Rite-Aid for being so close to work!  That's why it gets five-stars today!  Seems that Susan yesterday ate her cheeseburgers and fries way too fast yesterday after being out all day in the warm weather.  Susan's tummy didn't like it one bit.  Susan's tummy was still not a happy girl this morning!  Susan didn't want to eat her breakfast this morning (not good because Susan is a diabetic)!So Susan had to sneak out of work for a few minutes and stop in here to get Alka-Seltzer.  Susan hates the taste, but her tummy was so much better! Most of these chain pharmacies are all the same, but there are times when you really need one.
3	Okay, let's try this again.  I wrote this review on October 25, 2010 but mistakenly put it under the Rite Aid in Squirrel Hill.  Yeah I know, most pharmacies are pretty generic looking and any review can fit any one of them but read on...I'm glad this rite Aid has stayed open.  It's pretty close to work so whenever I need to pick up anything, it's pretty convenient.  I had to pick up my prescription this morning.  I take Lipitor on occasion and they do have some diabetes supplies.  I just remembered that when I was a teen, this used to be the old Gimbel's Department Store.  It sat vacant for many years then was redeveloped with Burlington Coat Factory, Barnes & Noble, and Thrift Drug.  I remember Thrift Drug was pretty upscale before they were taken over by Rite Aid.  (Now you know why I had to put my review in the correct location).
2	This is probably one of the highest foot-traffic stores downtown.  There's always a line and there's always a smell, but that's the people not necessarily the store itself.  Rite Aid on its own account has decent prices and some good promotions.The reason why this particular location is a 2 and not a 3 star is simple, they're not the nicest staff in town.  I understand when the retail industry beats down on you, but you can at least force a smile, lord knows I used to.  From long lines to testy staff members this place is a mixed bag.  If you're in a hurry don't both going in during lunch or AM/PM rush hour times since the line is at least 10 minutes.Silver lining?  They've started hiring new faces, some of which are much more amenable and capable of handling the "rush" crowds much more efficiently.  Service has gotten better in the last few months, so who knows, maybe in a couple months all one might have to complain about is the fact that it's beaten down due to high traffic.
4	They now sale fresh fruit. I like to eat eat eat apples and bananas. There have been so many days working Downtown that I have longed for a apple or a banana or orange and now Rite Aid sales them.One banana is .79 cent , but it's better for you than snacking on a bag of chips. The interior of the store has been redone to include not only fresh fruit but also quick prepacked salads and sandwiches.  The pharmacist are very helpful at answering question and the store is orderly and everything is easily accessible, however I would avoid this site around lunch time the lines tend to be a little long.
3	It's not awful.The day I was there it was understaffed as they only had one cashier and of course someone wanted to send a MoneyGram so that took a long time.  However, the people who work there seemed friendly and my friends and I got everything we needed.Plus, looking at their fragrance display was a hoot. They had British Sterling and English Leather! Do they even make those colognes any more?  Plus like four or five Mariah Carey perfumes!  I don't know what she smells like but I imagine it's something like crazy.Store was clean and organized when I was there and the shelves were stocked.  That's what you look for in a store like this..
