5	BEST MAKEUP ARTIST IN THE VALLEY!!!MJ provided Excellent Bridal Makeup Services! I scheduled an appointment for a trial and I had so much fun!!!. Trust MJ to simply highlight one's natural beauty in her own special analytical way. I knew right away that my husband found a professional I could rely on for any make-up occasion. At The Smokey Eye, I recommend the mink eye-lash extensions as well as the fantastic platinum spray tan in addition to the best make-up & air brush experience expertly administered by MJ.  I was taken care of and in expert hands from start to finish.  The BEST and most unforgettable make-up experience EVER!!!!Thanks for EVERYTHING! Mrs. Dunn
5	Fantastic!! The most professional and fun experience I have had :) A posh inviting atmosphere accompanied by knowlegable owner and staff makes for a postive experience. Whether you are a novice to lashes or a regular you will find beauty here!
5	Love natural looking extensions and Heather did a fabulous job on my eyes; not too long, not too much or too little.   Just perfect plus she is a delightful young lady.
5	Amazing!  MJ saved me today.  Had a horrible experience somewhere else and MJ got me in the next day to give me the experience and end results I was looking for.  Her staff was awesome and put me completly at ease.  I would recommend her to anyone!  Thanks again!
5	I look forward to every visit! I always get exactly what I ask for.  I prefer the more natural look and she always delivers! I enjoy my many compliments but always give her the credit she deserves. She is a beautiful artist who makes me feel beautiful too. Thanks!!
1	I was not impressed. I had a 1:30 appointment, when I got to the salon at 1:25 MJ asked me if my schedule was busy and asked me if I could wait 15 mins. She took 45 and I didn't get in until 2:15, I would have left but I was going out of town and needed a fill really bad and didn't have time to go to another salon. Once I was in my appointment I was pressured into needing a "mink" fill for "only" $65. I also was told I needed a sleeping eye mask and a eyelash serum. I came in planning to spend $50 plus tip. It made me feel uncomfortable having to tell her repeatedly that I only brought enough $ for a fill. I told her I was tired and would like to sleep and she got annoyed at that.... Idk why? It is my time to relax and I like to sleep while my eyes are closed for an hour but I couldn't sleep since her cell phone was right next to my head and was constantly getting loud notifications. My eyelashes were long but they hurt a lot and fell out in clumps. I went and had them removed because one extension was glued to two or three of my natural lashes. It had been one week since the fill and the girl removing them said they looked like I had them done a month ago! Thankfully I found an amazing salon and my eyes no longer hurt. I won't be back.Just an edit after reading smokey lash response. I had been seeing MJ for lashes every two weeks for 3 months, it was her that applied the bad lashes the last time I went in and why I have now changed salons. Also it was not the day someone passed out in the lobby. If that was the case don't you think she would have told me that is why I had to wait, nope she was just with a friend chatting!
5	I've have my lash extensions done by probably 20 different people and they are usually always great- but they aren't ever PERFECT... Until I found this! I have been getting spray tans here for years and figured, why not?! I've tried everyone else in town! I got a mink silk blend and I am now obsessed!! They are so much softer, more natural looking AND the girls that do them actually care about your natural lashes too!! They have this lash stuff u can get to apply at home and helps ur lashes grow longer and fuller and stronger... Def a new staple for me! I promise u won't be sorry to try the girls here!
