4	Good food, good service. There's really not much of a choice in St. Jacob's. We had steamed mussels, resting in a juicy tomato sauce for our appetizer. And the main courses:1) a rack of lamb in a curry cause with basmati rice and veggies2) fish and chips
4	As an out-of-town visitor who travels to St. Jacobs every few months, I was pleasantly surprised to find that Jacob's Grill stays open for the dinner crowd on weekdays (i.e. 10pm late). That's hard to come by in St. Jacobs, with the lone exception of Benjamin's!I've been to Jacob's Grill many times now, and have never had a bad experience. It's a great place with a nice modern-yet-inviting atmosphere to grab an after-work drink, or dinner. And lunch on the patio is wonderful too. One of my favorite parts of dining here though is the wait staff - they've always been incredibly friendly and accommodating. The food is above-average. I have enjoyed everything I've tried here. Some highlights are the cedar-plank brie, the Thai Noodles, and the Jacob's Mac and Cheese. The Black and Blue burger was also delicious, if you're looking for a red meat fix! And the crispy potato wedges are seriously some of the best I've ever had (and I'm kind of a snob about good 'fries' of any kind).I'd highly recommend dining here if you're looking for a relaxed, but great, dinner or in the St. Jacobs area.
3	Decided to try it out after reading all the great reviews here.  It did not disappoint, the reviews here were most accurate.  The portions were huge, the food was great, the service was good.  All in all it was a good experience and would go back
1	You would think that a small touristy town like Saint Jacobs. Where you have an abundance of local farmers, especially with the BIG menonite farmers market nearby and local aquaculture. You would get the best food southwestern ontario has to offer but NO! Ordered the proper fish and chips or should I call them IMPROPER fish and chips? Fish was drenched in oil, over cooked probably used the same fryer for the fries as well. It was disappointing to say the least, considering its almost $15.00 bucks for the dish alone. I should have just stayed at the farmers market and got some hotdogs, apple fritters & pop less than that amount.
2	I have been a couple of times now. I like the village of St. Jacobs and this restaurant is nice but not spectacular. I find the service a bit inconsistent as well as the food. The last time I was in I ordered the fish & chips. Aside from that I found it unmemorable. I certainly have no need to try the fish and chips again.On my most recent visit, I ordered the croque monsieur. For anyone that has had a CM they know that this is a special cheese sandwich and unique in the world of sandwiches. They also know that the outside of the cheese sandwich contains fried cheese and that it crunches. The menu here describes the CM as containing ham (this is normal) and some dijon mustard/mayo combination that the menu brags about (this is sort of unusual). No mention of emmenthal or gruyere cheese. No mention of bechamel sauce. These should have been my clues that things were off. But greed overrode reason and here I am.When I received the offering, I noted immediately that this was not a croque monsieur. In fact, it is so far removed from a CM, that the French should rise up and sue this place. My CM was white bread toasted in a waffle panini press with some unknown cheese, a few slices of ham and the dijon/mayo spread. There was no cheese on the outside and the sandwich itself was very small. This came with a side of potato wedges which are not worth commenting on.As I was out with friends, I did not bring this to the waitresses attention for several reasons, namely if the chef doesn't know what the hell a CM is, I did not wish to further delude myself into believing someone at Jacob's Grill knew what a CM was.In short, if you have $11.99 and are looking for a nice sandwich, I would suggest going to Vincenzo's in Waterloo on Wednesdays and having one of their home run grill cheese sandwiches for $4. You can spend the remaining $8 on a nice piece of cheese from France.Jacob's Grill, you should be ashamed.
1	We visit St Jacobs for outlet shopping and the Farmers market and shops once or twice a year. The first time we went to Jacob's Grill will be the last. Previously we ate at the adjacent Stone Crock bakery with great food. My son hated his $7.25 kids thin, rubbery pizza' although the added cookie from the bakery was ok. My wife had a Caesar salad that she could only choke down 1/2 off. She said it didn't taste like a Caesar and was much too sweet. I had a Tandoori chicken wrap that was tasteless and cold for $12.99. My side salad was barely acceptable. Service was slow and impersonal. Someone needs to train these people! It seemed busy with nice weather in March. They must have some good food....we just didn't find it.
4	My wife and I ate at this restaurant recently. The service was excellent and the food was very good. Our server and the kitchen were very diligent in regard to our food sensitivities and allergies.  We would definitely return.
