5	These guys are true professionals. Due to the severe rain in the Valley we had water damage in several places. One section of our home(water damage also) was being handled by another contractor for over 3 weeks. Then we had an emergency roof leak from our air conditioner that ruined the wall and ceilings in my daughters room. They came out and knocked the whole project out in two days. I wish they were the company handling our other water problems in the dining area but we are in a rental so it isn't up to us to assign the company. The workers are very nice and respectable. They laid down plastic and covered their work area ceiling to floor in plastic to avoid any dust in the house from falling insulation and cutting of the drywall. They also cleaned up after themselves and left the area cleaner than when they arrived and even cleaned up the mess the air conditioner workers had left behind after they fixed the AC unit in the crawl space. Can't say enough good things about this company and I appreciate their work ethic and excellent customer service. Keep up the good work!
5	I've never had such great customer service in years, until these guys showed up to my home.  They were very professional, courteous and very knowledgeable about their trade.  They put us at ease within minutes even though our entire home was flooded.  I'd recommend this company to anyone in need of their services.
5	Fortunately, I haven't needed TRS to clean up water damage, but they clean carpets, too.  I've used them twice now to clean my entire house and the carpets looked great both times.  And the price is honest and straightforward--not like the other companies that call a patch of carpet in the hall a "room"!  If I do ever have water damage, they will be the ones i call.
5	I just had to pass along what a positive experience I had with the team from Trademark Restoration Services. When you have water coming out of you downstairs ceiling you need immediate help and TRS provided that with compassion and professionalism. They took control of the situation and explained each step toward repairing the damages caused by a upstairs bathroom leak. Great job done by great guys.
5	I don't review companies very often, but I felt so well taken care of by TRS that I wanted to give them a big 5 STAR rating here on Yelp to let people know that they are the hands down BEST mold remediation company I've ever done business with. I had a big job that needed addressing. Mold was found in several areas in a 4200 sf home I was selling last month (I'm a Realtor). We were in escrow already and so needed fast action on bids and work done. Todd was absolutely wonderful. He was courteous and friendly, extremely knowledgeable - I felt he was honest and upstanding 100% - and I've been in the RE business for 10 year so I've seen my fair share of contractors, good and bad. Todd stayed in excellent communication with me and his bid beat others by a good margin. The work completed was confirmed by professional testing, and I, the buyer's agent, the buyer and seller were all very happy with the work done. I actually found this company on Yelp via other great ratings, and I am happy to report that Todd's services and professionalism exceeded my expectations. I gave his info to my broker to hold on to as a reference for all the agents in my brokerage needing a fair and reliable mold remediation company. I recommend TRS all day long - he handled this big job for me beautifully and I know he'll do a great job on any job he's called on, big or small. It's tough to find a company out there as excellent and upstanding as TRS. Exceptional customer service, job well done, great price. TRS is first-rate all the way.
