5	Had the red velvet cake ice cream it was awesome!!!
5	This is the best yogurt  bar I have ever been to.  The flavors of the Yogurt are delicious, like Pomegranate Raspberry!  There are so many toppings to choose from, my favorite is the Mango and Strawberry Boba.  They have toppings you wont find anywhere else, like Chocolate Rocks, Jaw Breakers, and Fruity Pebbles Cereal!  It gets even better when you have a choice of sauces, such as Raspberry, Pineapple, Strawberry, and Marshmallow!  They carry Ghirardelli Toppings in Caramel, Chocolate, and White Chocolate.  Did I mention you can make your creation in a cone?  Or have it blended into a smoothie?   After going to this Yogurt Bar, no other place has been able to compete with the variety Twisted Cultures has to offer.
4	Love that they always change the flavors up! Wish it was a little cheaper but worth the $!
4	Ask for tasting cups to try it out ahead of time. The yogurt is always yummo and the fact that they change the flavors all the time keeps my family coming back. The price is a bit on the high side but they do have a frequent shopper card to use with your phone number so that helps a bit too with the deals they offer. Become a facebook fan so you know about specials as well. I love the fruit yogurts the best! My daughter can not get enough of the bobo balls! The place is small but they do have containers to go as well!
3	What they lack in skills they make up for in snarky attitude. Not a smooth operator. One told me "you wouldn't want a waffle cone anyways, they drip out of the bottom" 44 cents an ounce is a high end price for low end customer service.  I ended up giving the samples to my kids and my wife got her pistachio
5	Wow that's delicious especially this salted caramel popcorn really good along with the pumpkin the young lady and there's really super nice she'll let you taste anyone you want but be careful at 105   calories for every 4 ounces.  wow look out give me some more Yum Yum.
1	I was liking this place but the handle was so hard to push down I did it and it hurt me when it came up.  It feels bruised and it almost took me away from eating but wow they need to fix that, I don't like it and it's not safe for little kids to be doing that.  The yogurt is nice, I like all the selections they have, and topping are neat too like brownies, crushed cookies and marshmallows. Staff is nice too, but my hand still hurts.
4	I've been in to Twisted Cultures a few times now and have had nothing but good experiences. The employees are nice and always ready to hook up the free samples. They have an ever rotating selection of yogurt flavors and a good selection of toppings. The pricing isn't excellent but it's affordable. And the most important thing of all, my daughter loves the place. I'd be back even if I didn't want to... Keep up the good work Twisted Cultures.
3	Fun little yogurt shop but the per ounce price always seems a bit high here. The changing seasonal flavors are good and the toppings are most of what you would expect at this kind of yogurt place.
3	Fun little treat after working. And since we live in Phoenix we can enjoy frozen yogurt all year. I will say that their prices seem a touch higher than other yogurt places but the rotating flavors is nice.
2	Came here about a month ago and the frozen yogurt was good but I won't be coming back. There was a foul smell upon entering the shop and a bunch of gnats flying around the fresh fruit they had for toppings. It was a shame because my prior experiences were good but this was very off putting. I'll probably wait a long time before going back or find somewhere else...
1	Have to agree with one of the other reviews, this place smells "HORRIBLE". It turned my stomach, we won't be going back.
5	This place is always our go to spot. Great yogurt and toppings. It's always clean and quiet, we do late night runs pretty regularly more than 10-15 times and they're always changing up the flavors so it's not always the same.
1	My father wanted to take his grand daughter   out for ice cream.  He suggested a national chain. I suggested we support a local business. HUGE MISTAKE!  Snarky service and attitude from the woman at the counter. First and last time I set foot in this place. Over priced mediocre product.
