5	What an absolutely wonderful venue for hosting a private party! The winery is paired with a terrific museum and photography studio to produce a refreshing atmosphere for entertaining and using an outside caterer. Sample all of the wonderful Engine House 25 red wines and choose your favorite!  This winery is making Pittsburgh the  'Sonoma of the East'.
5	I love the Engine House! I have been to events here as well as hosted events! They are amazing, friendly and so helpful! The interior is amazing, restored perfectly! The museum is great!! And the winery, breathtaking! So perfect!! Thank you!
4	Engine House Winery has a sort of gothic style to it, you might even envision a dungeon in the cellar where slaves are bound by grapevines affixed to the walls with corkscrews, forced to endure blind tastings under organoleptic conditions and subsequent humiliation for lack of vocabulary administered by a oenophile. Take flight! They are building a real winery down there, using quality grapes (not from Pa). They've been in the biz for something like 15 years, but are expanding operations. I only discovered their (new) lair yesterday. 6 varietals are served with a warm welcome and appropriate snacks. Tastes good to me! Many restaurants in the city carry Engine House wines, but it's well worth stopping in and learning a bit from the master of the house.
5	Love love love! I cannot tell you how much I love this winery. It's right in the heart of Pittsburgh! WAIT, better yet... right in the Strip District! Our very own urban winery!You must go visit their digs, I promise, you won't be sorry when you're sipping a delicious red or white! This space is really beyond words. As soon as you walk in you feel like you've traveled to some far away castle in a romantic foreign city. It's dimly lit, with beautiful dark wood and a fully stocked bar waiting for you to imbibe. They have six wines right now, but the grapes are crushed fresh in house (or at least in the presence of the winemaker, Tim), so you know they're not rushing to produce a mass amount of products, just a handful of marvelous blends! My fave of the moment is the Malbec. I've been really into it for a while now and really love their blend. I honestly have had some pretty bad ones, and this is true to form. I also think this is such a white wine type of area, I'm glad to see a place putting effort into promoting the reds.But here's the other cool thing. They have a downstairs area that matches the same cool vibe of the upstairs. It's thee perfect place for an unique event. It apparently fits around 100 and would be the perfect pick for a small reception or a hip party. I wouldn't care what kind of event it was, I'd want to crash it here! They also offer custom labeling, so if you ever need a unique gift this is the way to go! This is seriously the way to go for a nice night out. Just go for the winerific experience and leave with a happy buzz!
5	We went here to pick up a local wine bottle for some former Pittsburgh residents. Let me tell you, this place is so amazing and I have so many high hopes for their future. As we walked in, I jokingly stated we should have a glass while we're here. Funny thing is, they immediately offered us several wines to taste...for free! I absolutely love the Malbec as I'm becoming a fan of Chilean wines. It held up to my Chilean wine expectation. I also tried a Cabernet from California as well, which was also delicious. They serve cheese as well. The staff there, are extremely nice, funny and personable. They took us downstairs to show us the event area and went in to detail on their plans to expand. The stage is built with handles to that during wine making season, they can easily remove the stage to make room for the wine making process. Also, they advised us that they only use local cheeses on their cheese platters. The cupcakes are made by someone they know who actually uses the wine in the cupcakes. The ambiance is dark but not too dark. Very rustic yet, trendy looking. The event area has a separate 'bar' type of area and two walls are lined with wine barrels. I can't wait to visit again and attend an event there. The wine selection is varied enough to satisfy your curious palate. That, along with the ambiance and the friendly, knowledgeable staff make this place somewhere that I will frequent in the future. Also, the location is perfect. I love the Strip District and this business is another gem in the heart of the city. Support your local businesses!
5	OK I really must be channeling @Rachel C., because I was totally going to begin my review with "love love love"!  This place is GREAT - the wines are delicious, the location is stellar, and the ambiance is super-trendy, while also welcoming.  I can't wait for them to host events in the basement; it's going to be THE go-to place in the 'burgh for wine and music lovers alike.  The cheese and chocolate they serve is local, as well.  Oh, and did I mention the wine tastings are free?  Coming off a wine tour in North Carolina, I can tell you that's not usually the norm!Pittsburgh Winery has gotten it right and will be a staple in this town for years and years - look for lots of check-ins from me here!
4	Really good wines. We stopped in to kill time maybe pick up a gift. They let us try all the wines for free and we walked out buying 3 bottles. Wines had depth and were mostly dry in a good way. And the cupcakes were a great bonus. Awesome find.
5	Wine is not really my thing, but I was at a tasting with Pittsburgh Winery and I have to say their reds were delish (Sarah S. says the whites were too). Not only that, but the sommelier (the dude serving the wine) was more than happy to dance to cheesy 80's music when your's truly was grooving out to hey mickey.
4	Who said you can't make a good wine in the Burgh?  PghWinery does it.  Just import some good grapes, crush and have some good oak casks.  Interesting little room for tasting.  Wonderful staff!  Explained the wines...then had to answer a few hundred questions and was very good at responding and very patient. You can taste the wines and have some crackers to chew on between tasting another wine.  Six wines but they have sold all of the merlot.  Walked out very please and with a few bottles to have with a good meal!  Need to go back and try a couple of wines that we did not taste.
4	I really liked this place. The atmosphere was awesome. I usually do not like red wine at all, but through some tasting they found one that I really enjoyed. It could be perfect, if they had snacks!
4	Just north of the heart of the Strip, you stumble upon this little gem.  First of all, kudos to a small winery that has ZERO sweet wines.  Yay for not taking the easy way out!  Secondly, the staff is awesome.  I've seen one of the owners both times I visited and he's about as sweet as can be. But all of the staff are awesome and will gladly talk about their wines with you.  Once you've sampled their wears, you have to go downstairs to enjoy a glass or your whole bottle.  The ambiance (that's my word of the week!) is absolutely charming.  Good place for a date.  They also do live music from time to time which must be a blast.   Definitely worth a visit.
4	Alright let's be honest, a winery in Pittsburgh has any wine liver a little worried. Pittsburgh is not typically known for its wine. I went in with a little bit of fear but I was ready to give it a try. First the place is really cool- kinda like a dungeon! We were the only people there which was nice because I was able to talk with the employees and get a better understanding of how they make their wine. I was pleasantly surprised to learn that most of their grapes come from California and not PA! I also learned that the employees themselves travel to naps to pick up their grapes. They had 5 or 6 different kinds of wine that day. We tried them all and really enjoyed almost everyone! I think it was the Malbec that was my favorite! I typically dislike merlot but I really enjoyed there's and bought a bottle. The grapes are held on site in their basement. The basement would be a great place to hold a party or some type of event. It was beautiful. The only downside was I found some of the prices to be a bit high!Give this place a try- you'll be surprised.
4	Very Cool!Decided to finally stop out at Pgh Winery on a rainy Saturday during one of the wife and I's ritualistic sip and savor tours of the strip.  Decided to drive down as it was a bit of a hike from the main weekend activities around Wholey's.I'd say the wine itself is average for your typical Western PA buy/import grapes and process establishment, but that's not a bad thing!  (Seemed reasonably priced)Where Pgh Winery really shines is down in the basement.  Do yourself a favor, bring some good conversation, but a bottle of wine and go down there when no one else is there.  Sounds odd, but my wife and I had one of the best times taking in the ambiance of the place (walls are lined with wine barrels, tables are wine barrels with lights in them, etc.) and grooving out to whatever Pandora station they had playing at the time (almost positive it was the Beastie Boys).On a side note, a coworker had his wedding reception here and had nothing but positive things to say (for those in the market!).
5	I LOVED my wine tour here. This place is truly a hidden gem. I've never been to an "urban winery" before, as they called it, and I def loved my time here. I had a really good tour guide who educated us well on the wines and gave us delish food to pair it with. We even got a tour of the club/lounge area that they were currently constructing. I can't wait to see the finishes product!
4	Went here for a concert in their basement venue. Very cool space. Intimate, cozy, nice ambiance. They seem to have a real handle on crowd management. The event was sold out, but still comfortable - they clearly take care to not oversell the space. You get the vibe of being in a friend's basement, except there's wine and better decor.The wine itself - I'm not a connoisseur by any stretch. I thought it was good, but not exceptional. Cheapest bottle is a $21 white blend.  They had a total of 4-5 varieties that night, with varying prices. Overall, it's a cool place to see a show. Might  go back for a tasting sometime to get a better handle on their wines, but they did seem slightly overpriced to me.
5	Incredibly delicious wines and knowledgable people. I'm usually a Cab girl but the Zinfandel was so satisfying that we had to buy a bottle for dinner tonight! The cherry on top was the cellar environment that is staged for weekly concerts and events. Perfect for a first, second and third date!
4	Wine tasting In Pittsburgh?! I guess Pennsylvania is changing their state laws. Pittsburgh Winery has some really good Cali blends. I was impressed. I've been blessed to be spoiled by living by some of the best wineries in the world here. I have to admit Pittsburgh Winery can compare to some of them here. The owner runs the whole show himself the moment you walk in thru the tasting . I heard he even performs during the weekend downstairs. The place itself reminds me of a traditional winery but in the middle of an industrial side of town. It's sort of off the beaten path you can say.
5	Terrific wine!  Grapes imported from CA . But wine made in the burg!  I have had the Sauvignon Blanc, Cab, & Syrah!  All worth purchasing !  Cool space for live music too!  Here tonight seeing Jimmer Podrasky  of the Rave Ups.  Awesome!!! As good as the early 80s !  Has not lost a beat !  Voice & key is the same as 1980 !!' GO BUY HIS CD!!!!! It is the best mew local music I have heard in 20 years!  Kudos for Pgh winery for showcasing this extraordinary talent !
5	I am so happy that a place like this is available to visit in Pittsburgh.  Just went out for my sisters bachelorette party and this was our first stop.  I knew everyone would love it, and none of them had visited before.  When you walk in the door, the first things that hits you is the smell.  Oak is present everywhere.  The second thing that hits you is the beauty and the attention to detail that Tim the owner put in to making the place look amazing.  I love the wall of wood right when you walk in the door.  He made it himself, along with the bar upstairs that is made of cedar.  The collection of antiques, and art work surrounding the place adds a nice touch.  I didn't even get to the wine yet!  All of his samplings were great.  Started with the Sauv Blanc. Not too sweet, with a crisp edge of green apple at the end.  Went straight into the reds, and I was impressed with them all.  The one that stood out the most for me was the Malbec.  I love a great earthy wine, and this fit the bill perfectly.  A very nice bonus of the place was being able to order a glass of wine, and then taking it downstairs.   Oh yeah, you heard me.  There is another part of this wonderful place.  You walk down the steps and are surrounded by dim lighting, that opens up into a fabulous space for a concert, gathering, or pretty much anything you can think of.  Red tones are present everywhere, and the barrels that hold the wine surround you.  I absolutely love the fact that this space is available in town to enjoy a very lovely glass of wine.  Please go and support them!
4	I came here with some friends for the Grape Stomp this past weekend.  While it was a unique and fun experience, I'm not sure that it justified the price of admission at almost $30.  Unless you really want to experience grape stomping and are willing to pay for it, I'd recommend going during a concert or for a tasting instead--at least, until some changes are made to justify the price of this event.Having said that, I did really enjoy the sensation of feeling the grapes between my toes--I'd never felt anything quite like it before.  (Squishy would be the best way I can describe it.)  I wasn't sure how the stomping was going to work, but we literally rolled up our pants, climbed into the vat (about 3'x3'), and started crushing the grapes with our bare feet.  Of course, we had to take some photos of ourselves first, so by the time we got to actually stomping, our toes were quite cold due to the temperature of the crushed grapes.  As a result, we didn't do too much vigorous stomping, but it was still fun and unique, nonetheless, and I'm glad I could experience it once!Aside from having the opportunity to stomp grapes, our ticket price included appetizers (wings and hors d'oeuvres) and one ticket for a glass of wine.  I chose the Malbec, and my friends each chose a white wine (I think it might have been the Sauvignon Blanc--sorry, I wasn't paying attention).  Our wines were quite different, with mine being quite full-bodied and flavorful, and theirs being light and refreshing.  We definitely enjoyed our respective wines, but for the price of the event, it would have been great to have 1-2 more tickets so we could sample some other wines.  The people taking tickets were discussing having t-shirts for making wine footprints in the future, and I thought that was a great idea.  If they threw in that--or another souvenir, such as a wine glass--plus an extra drink ticket or two (or provided a wine sampler instead of one glass), this event would totally be worth the price of admission!As others have commented, the ambiance of the basement, where this event was held, is really unique and cool.  I really like how the barrel theme carries throughout the place, down to the sign hanging outside the front door.  We also really enjoyed the live music from Juan and Erika.  Because of these elements, as well as the quality of the wine, I'm bumping up what would normally be a 3-3.5 star rating, based on our experience, to 4 stars.
4	As soon as you experience this place, you are guaranteed to want more! I came here for an elite Yelp event and cannot wait to attend more events here! The building is lit up in red and the interior echoes the vibe from the entrance- everything is doused in red with an abstract, edgy feel. There are wine barrels that line the bottom floor and the lighting is edgy and fun, yet makes the winery dark enough that you feel that warm ambiance that that the place emanates. The wine barrels are made into tables and you can find corks just about anywhere, even in the artwork on the walls, making the place scream winery like none other! There were also castle like chairs toward the back right corner of the bottom floor, which gave, yet another feeling of the eccentric atmosphere, leaving no detail out of their design layout! The wines were dry and I usually enjoy sweet wines, but they were nice to sample! My favorite was the "Malbec", which had a spicy zing to it, but was not overwhelming. I really thought that it was the perfect blend! The Merlot, Petite Sirah and Red Blend were pretty dry. I'm not a wine connoisseur but I really couldn't taste the difference between the three, though for being dry wines, they were very smooth. The sauvignon Blanc was good, though I couldn't taste the citrus undertones. The prices are $20-$39/bottle, though the bottle that is $39 is totally worth it- it is the Malbec. As I said, it is the perfect blend of spicy in a dry wine. I enjoyed this winery, am looking forward to coming back but hope that there is more variety in their wines in years to come!
5	Funny enough the female owner is a family friend who recognized me, which made me love this place even more.The venue was a perfect place to un-wine and relax, the Pittsburgh Winery has a very chill vibe with darker colors and exquisite decor. Also a stage area for a band makes it an awesome place to come for a low key, private, and classy date. The wine tastes superb, my favorite was the Merlot or the Shiraz... I didn't know too much of wine but... the bartender was very accommodating to my taste buds giving generous samples of each multiple times. I took a bottle with me. Very Clean social setting, good place to relax and meet people who are interested in eating and travel. Will come again
5	Went here again. Wine dude is still awesome, the place has an awesome vibe going for it. I really need to get there to see a show. We tried the Merlot and the Red Blend. I am not really a wine kinda girl, but the red blend was kicking. We bought a bottle. Overall, I am definitely going back.
5	Just spent the afternoon at this hidden treasure in Pittsburgh with my daughter and her new hubby.  They found it by going to a Yelp Elite event and  wanted to share the fun. My husband and I spend a lot of time at a winery in Central PA called Seven Mountains Wine Cellars. We've gotten to the point where we work some wine events for them, so we know the difference between good wine and not so good.  I'm not a big dry red fan so when that was the only wine on the menu, I was a little apprehensive. I didn't need to be. These were some of the best reds I've had. They bring their grapes in from California and make their wine onsite.  My absolute favorite was the red blend. It was fruity and was not too heavy on the tannins. The room downstairs was a treat and we had it pretty much to ourselves. We bought two bottles to take home and they waived the $10 tasting fee with the purchase. Nice touch!
5	I didn't even know there was a winery in the Strip District until I attended the Yelp Un-Wine and Relax event earlier this month. I'm so happy I was introduced to this gem. I've been here twice now and definitely want to continue coming back!The atmosphere of the winery is very cool. The walls are painted a blood red and there plenty of originally artwork on the walls to enjoy while you sip your wine. When you first go in there's a tasting bar where you can sample a flight of all their available wines for $10 a person (or for free if you buy a bottle of wine). They make all dry reds except for a really amazing Sauvignon Blanc. All of the wines are incredible...and I'm not normally a huge fan of reds. My favorites have been the Merlot and the Malbec. I also have to say I'm in love with their label design. If you decide to buy a bottle or glass of wine you can go downstairs To the cellar to hang out and enjoy. I'd really like to go back for one of the love music events.I'm sad I went so long without realizing this winery existed, but now that I know about it I'm going to keep coming back and recommending it to all of my friends!
5	Got here as it opened at noon on a Sunday so I had a private event!  Tasted the Malbec and the mixed red and they were good.  I mainly stopped in coz I read a review on yelp about the ambiance and it was nice to see.  If I lived here I would go again.
