5	A staple of Charlotte nightlife, Skyland offers great food, reasonable prices, and a relaxed atmosphere for those 3 a.m. munchies.  On the flip side, Sunday breakfast with the family never tasted so good and your parents will thank you for giving their wallets a break :)
5	Skyland is the best 24 hour diner in town.  This place is family owned and has the typical huge menu and 24 hour breakfast.  This place is also great for breakfast any day of the week, and unlike many 24 hour joints, it isn't creepy, so feel free to go with your family.  The service is fast and the prices are low.
4	If you are thinking of a place for lunch and dinner, Skyland wouldn't be my top choice, or my second choice. Their food is decent, I won't say it's good or bad, just decent. It is by far the best place open past 11pm though. Their breakfast is pretty good I will say, and they serve it 24/7. It's very affordable with most items about 5 - 9 dollars. Breakfast 4/5 starsLunch/Dinner 2/5 starsAfterhours Dining 5/5 stars
3	I went to Skyland for breakfast at lunchtime with a few friends, one of whom was a Skyland regular several years ago. I consider myself quite the connoisseur of breakfast food. Not only do I make a good breakfast, but I have had more than my fair share out, so I take breakfast pretty seriously. At Skyland, I was not overwhelmed, but certainly not disappointed.  I love that it is 24/7 breakfast service, which makes it better than a lot of places, in my opinion. I had grits, toast, and a veggie omelette. The grits were good--pretty thick.  I generally prefer runnier grits, but I nearly polished these off with no problem. The omelette was alright. Not well-seasoned, but did have tons of veggies that seemed pretty fresh.  I also stole a few onion rings from my friend, which were like normal onion rings you would find anywhere.I got a chicken parmesan sub to go for my husband.  He said he would definitely have it again, then went on a long tirade about how difficult the 5-star system is.  He decided that 7-out-of-ten stars would be perfect for this sub.  I stopped listening after that. My friends got the same sub--an Italian sandwich, with really thick sliced salami and sausage. One loved it, one did not.  So, just make sure you like thickly-sliced sausage before ordering.  I heard that the banana pudding was also excellent (though I hate fake banana taste, so I wouldn't touch it.)The atmosphere was enjoyable, if only for the kitsch factor.  Our waitress was attentive, but not annoying, which I always enjoy.  I will definitely be going back for breakfast.
2	This would be the the kind of place I would normally like and, therefore, I have tried it several times.  The service was good and the people were friendly, but I found the vegetables to have an odd chemical taste to them.  Maybe it's just my taste buds, but the other reviewers seem to like it.
3	One of two diners open 24 hrs that I have so far discovered in Charlotte.  So 3 stars just for being open all night.  On Sunday nights when absolutely nothing is open after 10pm, it's your best, if only, bet for a quick hot meal that's not fast food.  Not that it's any healthier.  But you can sit down to eat and they have a wide selection on their menu.That said, eating here will very quickly remind you that you are firmly located in the South.  Not every restaurant in town has to be metro chic, and ruffians can be found in any city.  But be prepared to deal with loud, ignorant people, especially in their mid 20's with no manners and no respect for you, the restaurant or themselves any night of the week.  For some people the barn door is always open.
3	I agree with most of the other reviewers except for the comment about "The South."  I think that was flat out rude. Anyway, the Skyland restaurant will not blow you away.  The food is good, cheap and somewhat fast.  It's your typical diner, kind of weak coffee, overcooked sausage and thin white bread.  I typically get the Skyland Special.  Try the pancakes, I think they are perfect - not too fluffy and not too heavy.  The atmospehere is eactly what any diner is - a bit loud if the the wrong people are there and eccelctic.  Go there as an alternative to a chain breakfast restaurant and you will be happy.  Go there expecting crepes and you will not.
4	For a diner this place was great. Fast service and good food for the money. I ordered the chicken tips and with it had soup, fried okra, applesauce, corn bread, and Italian bread. Right now I am wishing I had one of these near my house open 24 hours!!
3	I went here with a group of friends one night after we got out of a seminar. This place is opened 24 hours I believe so if you're looking for a late night dine in restaurant besides your Ihop and Denny's this would be the place to go. I had their homemade lasanga dish and it was delicious! The service is not as great at night (after midnight) and you'll start to see a whole bunch of drunk/dramatic people coming in around 1-2am. I think the experience would've been better if I went during the day. But overall they have a good choice of food on their menu.
4	Great food, good prices, Greek owners. Skyland's occupies a fairly large space, but feels very homey. Lots of regulars, not just once a week, but religiousy. Great daily specials, i.e. Eggs, toast, bacon/sausage and hash browns for $3.99 - Are you outta your mind!? Great sausage, great biscuits w/gravy. Did I mention hash browns are cooked to perfection, golden brown without even asking!? Nom nom nom!
3	For my first few years of college, Skyland was the go to place for eats after a night of drinking. Good food + pretty good prices + open all night = winning combination.
4	I am a fan of diners.  Skyland is one of the many Greek-owned restaurants in town, but one of the very few (if any at all) that opens on Christmas Day.  It's a 24-hour spot mostly (I think it's closed Sunday late night through Monday morning).  I used to come here during the wee early morning hours after a night of partying like a rockstar.  Lately I've been here more for their dinner blue plates.  The food here is typical home-cooking.  Fried livers have enough to be shared (don't ewww me!).  Cabbage rolls are good, but it's only on Fridays (or is it Saturdays?).  I personally don't care for their mac & cheese (it's dry and not too flavorful). Cabbage & oven potatoes are my favorites.  Fried apple sticks as a side can be consumed as a dessert :)  The best part of eating dinner here is the complimentary cup of soup.  I'm a soup addict.  The weirdest thing here is their YELLOW gravy, I swear it glows!  I was a bit taken back by it, but I needed gravy for my turkey & dressing last night, so I hope I am not turning any yellow-er today (lol, Asian joke).  And to be fair, the ladies that work here aren't rude all the time.  In fact mostly they're very southern diner nice.I give them 4-stars because it's a reliable & affordable place to eat.  They don't care if you sit there all night (and I have, studying).
3	I've been a Skyland fan even before I moved over to the south side of Charlotte. I work nights and pretty much been a night owl most of my life so I have a special place in my heart for 24/7 restaurants you can get a decent meal at outside of the chain places (Waffle house, IHOP, Denny's) and late night fast food can be downright depressing. It's a greek style, family owned\operated type place so I usually see the same familiar faces no matter when I choose to visit but it's usually late a night after a night of roaming around on the town and i get an attack of the munchies. They have both a breakfast & dinner menu with great variety and always available at any time. Prices aren't necessarily super cheap but fairly reasonable for the amount of food they give you is certainly worth it. I tend to be in a breakfast mood when I dine there but i've had many selections off both menu's and have been satisfied with everything I've picked. Word to the wise, if you don't want to be bothered with potential rowdy patrons you may not want to dine there after 2am especially on the weekends you will run into alot of after the club patrons not too mention the place gets pretty packed. Still get pretty solid service even when it gets busy and police usually dine and hang around quite a bit so they usually take care of the edgy element if it happens to arise. Not the most flashy place on the inside, a few tv's nice sized dinning area, never really have a trouble getting a seat. Not the most intimate setting for a date but a good hangout spot to meet up with friends. I hope the establishment continues to stick around for years to come :-)
3	Insanely fast service, very friendly people and great prices. I want to give it four stars for those very reasons but all in all, I think this place is a solid three. My wife and I ate at this place twice and this is what we had:Souvlaki Pita with fries. The souvlaki was seasoned nicely and the tzatziki was great. Although the pita's were not made in house it was very, very soft. Great pita sandwich. The fries were average. It also came with a cup of veggie soup (soup of the day) that was very good. This plate is a win. Open face roast beef plate. I believe the mashed potatoes were instant but my wife enjoyed it and that is what mattered. I tried a bite of the roast beef with bread and gravy and it was good. This is more of a comfort food plate and one that I would recommend if you want something more bland. Don't get me wrong, it has flavor, but it is just simple.Baked spaghetti with meat sauce. This was a huge plate of pasta smothered in melted cheese. It was good but not by any means traditional Italian. It came with bread and a salad and the salad was good.Last but not least, 8oz ribeye with a baked potato & salad. My wife got the red French dressing which they said was made in house and my wife loved it. She really enjoyed the steak as well. Bottom line, this place has good food not great food but the portions are big, the price is low and it is open 24hrs. This place would be a regular late night spot for me if I lived here.
4	continually filled coffee, huge portions, crispy hashbrowns, low prices.I don't eat breakfast out as much as I used to, but every once in a while I have a pang of hunger for an omelet I don't have to make myself and lots of greasy carbness. Skyland serves it up right.The three egg omelets are ridic, as are the portion of almost everything else. (they are also tasty) Speedy and friendly service, great specials (breakfast and daily), and a display case of desserts that is almost too tempting to just walk on by. love it!
1	BRUTAL!  ABSOLUTELY BRUTAL!- Yes, its cheap.  But if that's the best and the only thing of note you can say about a place, that's hardly a ringing endorsement.  - Went there today, Aug. 28th and did not find the service fast at all, or maybe the food was so bad I couldn't wait to get out of there.  - My gf said the turkey sausage tasted like soap.  Bacon had a horrible aftertaste.  Felt like someone searched out the cheapest, lowest quality breakfast meats they could find.-Pancakes were cold.  The table-side, room temperature butter, already at the table; didn't melt.  Hashbrowns were barely cooked and weren't crisp at all.***For final bill of $16.94 (WHICH ISN'T CHEAP BTW!) before tip, I feel ripped off and duped.  My girlfriend and I were so disappointed that we left and went down South Blvd a little and grabbed some Einstein's Bagels just to get the Skyland out of our pallet.**GO HERE AT YOUR OWN RISK!!!
4	If they serve breakfast, I am instantly a fan.  I do like the mom and pop, "hole in the wall" feel to the place.  Service was a bit slow when all the booths got full of people, but it was a decent 2 eggs, sausage, hashbrowns, and 2 pancakes for 4.95 that I've had in Charlotte.I came here after running a 5K... and I pretty much demolished my plate.  The only thing that was missing was coffee...but I wanted to attempt a nap that afternoon before having to stay up for a while that night.
2	What can I say? This was one of a very few places opened late-late in the QC, so it gets the job done. The portions are large, yet the flavor is just ok. The service was pretty decent as well as the prices. May go back in the future, but it will not be number one on my list of options. I know Charlotte is no DC or NYC, but we really could use more variety for late night dining.
4	True good old fashioned southern hospitality in the middle of the city.Was in Charlotte a recent evening and it was getting late for dinner.  I saw this place and since I love diners, especially mom & pop types, I thought I'd give it a chance.The place was about 1/4 full with clientele from all walks of life.  The waitress/hostess quickly greeted and sat me.  I ordered an evening special for about 7.99 that came with a meat, 2 sides, bread and soup; but was disappointed they were out of their complimentary soup.  The waitress did make it up to me and she provided cheerful and fast service.  I would definitely return next time I'm in the Queen City and definitely recommend it.
2	Skyland is a good option in 2 different scenarios: 1-After you've been out drinking and dancing and you're ravenous. OR  2-It's past 11pm and most other things in Charlotte have stopped serving food.It's a pretty typical diner. Outdated decor but lots of booths. The menu is a decent size. Lots of Greek and Italian options in addition to the breakfast menu. They have a few vegetarian options,  but not many.I really love the fried squash here! It's their shining star! And the servers are always sweet and helpful.The rest of the food quality really depends on who the cook is that night. I've had omelettes at Skyland that I could have done flips over, but other times they are dry and lackluster.
3	One of the few 24 hour diners in Charlotte, Skyland has all your typical breakfast, American diner, Italian and Greek dishes. The food itself is marginally better than a Denny's or IHOP, although the menu is far more imaginative than those chains. Unfortunately, Skyland is in a HORRIBLE part of town, so if you go late at night try to park where you can see your car!
5	the guy that works register is always there..and u can tell he is visably tired but always gives great service..And food is always on point
4	I have eaten at Skyland multiple times. Overall it is great and I continue to go back. The service is a mixed bag, some times it is fast, sometimes slow.  The food is always good and with large portions. The cost is very reasonable.  For an affordable family restaurant i would definitely recommend.
5	One of the foods I miss the most in Arkansas is livermush. I know it sounds revolting (it's actually called liver pudding, which sounds worse), but it is the BEST. THING. EVER. And I couldn't think of a better way to start my birthday than with a big breakfast at one of my favorite spots. I really love Skyland Restaurant. It's locally owned, not at all fancy, and just one of the best bargains in Charlotte. Graham had a Belgian waffle and a side of livermush, and I had scrambled eggs, hashbrowns, biscuits and livermush. For about $5.00. You can't beat that!And breakfast was perfect. I hate runny eggs. HATE them. And these were absolutely perfect. They were just the right texture and had a ton of flavor. And the biscuit is one of the best I had while I was home. Everything was delicious, the service was insanely fast and I can't wait to go back again the next time I'm home.
2	I decided to stop by for a little breakfast, and chose the 2 eggs, any style w/ one meat, and hash browns or grits, and biscuits or toast. Upon arriving there was no one at the door to seat me, and I should have known what the service was going to be, slow! As for the food, everything was just okay. The prices are a definite plus high.
4	Skyland is a slight time warp for long time Charlotte residents like me.  It's one of the original blue plate places on South Blvd that are gone now as the corridor has in filled over the last decade with apartments and condos and shopping centers.  Best Gyro in town and love the choices for their vegetable plates.  Lots of regulars here and  owners dedicated to this town and the neighorhood.   A definite throw back to "meat and three."
4	My hubby and I stopped here for breakfast while on vacation in Charlotte and we loved it. The waitress was very attentive: making sure we had drink refills before we even finished the first (which went over very well with my husband).  The food was excellent.  THe food portions were huge (I didn't finish the plate) and I was able to take the rest home to eat at the hotel later.  And the prices were super cheap.The only reason that I don't give this rating 5 stars is because of the hostess...  Maybe she was having an off day.... She pretty much ignored us when we walked through the door even though there was no one else around, we had to speak to her first before she acknowledged us.  And even then there was no "Hey", "How you doin?" Nothin. Just "How many?"  (There's still no one else around...) After we told her "2", she just walked off... No "right this way", "follow me" Nothin...... Needless to say our mood wasn't dampered for long, the rest of the experience was perfect.
1	Food was cold and tasteless, service was extremely slow. Had to ask for coffee three times before it was brought out to the table. The waitress had no professionalism, she coughed all over a customer, and disappeared often. We waited about 25 min for our food, the place was empty, and we only ordered eggs and hash-browns. I honestly didn't think a restaurant would be bad enough to ruin eggs. Table next to us had the same issue, overheard them complaining. If I was confident that the waitress would get the manager in a timely fashion I would have asked, but I really didn't feel like spending another 30 min waiting. The population of charlotte has changed, I think the restaurant needs to adapt to those changes. Get a new cook, and better front of house service, or provide training so they know what to do.
1	We went back a second time because we thought the poor service and food was just a fluke. However, the waitress & hostess attitudes were still just as nasty as the food.
5	Love this restaurant. Makes you feel right at home. Food is very well made and great service at any time. Love the chicken parmigiana! Highly recommended. You get so much food for a small price. Also recommend the philly cheese steak. One of the best I have ever had
5	I'm convinced that there is no better food at 2am than this place.  The Chicken Parm remains the best I've ever had.  We always come in with a group of 10 or more and still get great service.  When the sun is up, Charlotte does have some better eateries (but then Charlotte just has the best food in the US), but for 24 hour dining...this place is the king.
1	I can't comment on the food. We never got food or drinks or had a waitress acknowledge us after sitting there for 20 minutes. I won't be going back to try the food.  They blew it.
4	Late night...that's all you need to know.  This place is a safe haven for those that don't want to mess with the long line at Midnight Diner.  Well, at least that's how I found out about it.  I've heard of it before but my lack of patience persuaded me to finally visit and I'm glad I did.Standard family style dining approach here with BLT's, steak and eggs and breakfast served all day.  Awesome.   I had the meat omelet and sides of bacon and sausage.  It hit the spot and was to our table in under 15 minutes.  At 2:00 am that's all you really require.  Don't expect much in terms of decor here.  It's a throwback to the 80's for the most part and easy to tell.  Who cares?The downside of this location, is it's location relative to uptown for me but totally worth the cab ride if you ask me.
4	Old school breakfast. $4.95 - two eggs, livermush and heaping hash browns!   24 hr!  What's not to love?
4	I live near here so I go here all the time, everything is so yummy! The owners are nice, I love the greek chicken and the awesome mozzarella beef steak (sounds weird but seriously, try it), and fried squash. Being a server myself, my only complaint is the servers (some not all) toss your food down and knock the straw out of your drink and don't seem to notice, or are sitting at the table next to you talking smack about other servers or their life. But it's a diner. Whatever. I'll be there for lunch tomorrow!!!
5	You can't go wrong here. Open very late with a huge menu. Great for groups as well. Really appreciated the friendly and attentive staff.
4	Very efficient career waitresses, some a little more pleasant than others but very competent. Menu for breakfast was good variety.  $25 for three breakfasts - Belgian waffle, French toast, and Skyland special (comes w pancake n coffee along w regular 2 egg, side n meat choice). Decent grits, I like mine slightly sweeter than they served. Plenty of seating.
5	We've been coming to Skyland's for years and it's always great! We usually come for breakfast as a family. You never know who you're going to run into. This place and The Original Pancake House (South Park) are historic landmarks! Great food with a home cooked feel/taste at cheap prices! Ask for Stacey. She's lovely with a great personality. Be ready for her, as she is a feisty one who loves to joke :)p.s.I recommend the Skyland Special for 6.95.
5	Great family restaurant! We come here often and enjoy good food and friendly staff. The food is not the best we had, but its consistent. We like the comfort and casual dining. Big portions, lots of choices. I love how they bring a cup of soup for both people, even if only one ordered it. Great spot, family owned, community feel.
5	First timer! First impression is everything and Tabitha, our waitress, was amazing.  Very attentive and hospitable. The way a true diner should feel like! Highly recommend coming here, great  menu selection and the quality of food far exceeds itself.
4	We were looking for a family cooking style place after 9pm & uptown games had let out. On the way home, saw this place and pulled in. Staff was incredibly friendly & super fast food. We will def be back! Great low key down home cookin kind of spot. Tons on the menu. Super casual
3	Simply a solid choice for a 3am meal! My date and I came here after shutting down the dance bars in Uptown. They were really busy....not much competition at 3am. But we got a nice meal, she got an egg white omelet and I opted for their Gyros since this IS afterall another place run by Greeks. While tasty, the Gyros were NOT the "shaved off the rotating spicket" variety....pretty sure this was frozen Kronos meat. Not bad but certainly not as good as the freshly shaved kind either which you could get down the street at the Mad Greek Cafe (just not at 3am). This place serves decent food at very reasonable prices. You will NOT be wowed either way. Just solid food and they're open 24 hours.
2	My best friend and I went here because Sidelines bar next door doesn't serve food. I won't be going back any time soon.  It wasn't that the staff was unfriendly or unaccommodating (in fact, the foreign lady at the front was very nice, and one of the waitresses was off the clock and had us cracking up about somebody having stolen her cigarette--LOL), it wasn't that I was put off by the condition of the restaurant, there were no bugs that I could see, and every one seemed to be of sound mind--it was the food.  The food was not good.I ordered a chicken quesadilla, without the chicken, and some fries.  The quesadilla was mushy, tasteless with very little seasoning, and just bland.  The fries--you could get those anywhere; they are nothing to rave about.  My BF had the turkey and dressing and he didn't complain (too much) about it, but he's likely echo my comments.  It seems they lack food quality.  I normally would not have given this place another thought, but we were right there and we were hungry so we figured, 'Why not?'They really have to improve the food quality; that likely wouldn't encourage me to return, but for others who like good ole Southern cooking, they'll probably be looking for more. It just didn't come close to meeting my expectations.
4	Ok they've earned another star because the food is just damn tasty for a VERY reasonable price! Finally found a place my Depression Era Dad could relate to.....it's what we call "a Greek joint" in Chicago....MEANING, a restaurant RUN by Greeks (with a couple of Greek items on the menu as well). I got the chopped beefsteak with onions and gravy. The beef was pounded flat and done crispy which I loved! Very good flavor profile too. Came with fries which were decent.Dad got the BLT, fries and a cup of soup. The soup was a veggie soup and was VERY good. Waitress was a tad "crusty" but efficient.Overall this is a very good option if you want a hearty, homestyle meal or a late nite feast.
4	There is a difference between "cheap" and "inexpensive." Skyland is the "inexpensive" part with low cost meals that are good quality and good quantity. I love that they are open 24 hours and in this part of town, that's a good thing. Short walk - quarter mile - from the Woodlawn Lynx station as well.My daughter and I both opted for breakfast and were quickly served large portions and as much coffee as we could drink. My cheese and mushroom omelet had plenty of both. The hash browns were plentiful though you might want yours a little more well done.Two full meals for $20 with tip. Hard to go wrong there!
