4	Salsarita's is a great option for great tasting tacos, burritos, quesadillas, and enchiladas. The atmosphere is a lot of fun, too!
5	I'm totally biased towards Salsarita's, but I just love it!  I used to go once a week when I lived around the corner.  I just love the chicken they use in their tacos. Also, I love their chips and queso.  Their queso is creamy and not too spicy, and they put a special seasoning on their chips that is very tasty!Definitely pick it over Qdoba, Tijuana Flats, or any of those other places!
3	Everything around my office seems to be a chain.  It's still good though and it won't stop me from coming here.  The staff is very friendly and they line moves fast... Try to get there around 11:30 and you can beat the lunch crowd (that comes from the IBM and Wachovia business offices).I usually get the grilled chicken quesadilla and make it a combo with chips and queso.  The manager is really friendly and he remembers you when you stop by... great place for a break during the workday.
4	So I'm in charlotte working this week and staying with a friend that lives by this place. He goes almost every day the food is good but it taste like moe's but with a bar. I didn't see the big deal about it but he walks by it every day to go home so maybe that's it
4	Salsarita's is a regular stop for me and the kids.  We all get the kids meals.  For me, that is all the food I can eat (or rather, that I need to eat).  The meal comes with a hard or soft taco with chicken or beef and fixin's of your choice, chips, a cookie, and a small drink.  All for less than $5!  Service is fast so if you're starving, you won't have a long wait to fill your tummy.  Salsarita's also has food to go for large parties - great for when unexpected guests arrive.
4	Salsarita's is a great dinner or lunch option if you are looking for something quick and reasonably priced in the University Area.The giant, monster burritos are great.  I usually run the chicken with refried beans along with the other fresh and tasty fillings you'd expect to have at a burrito joint. I LOVE THE FACT THAT THERE ISN'T AN ADDITIONAL CHARGE FOR GUACAMOLE!  The chips are well, chips, although sometimes I feel they can be a bit salty at times.Compared to the other burrito joints in Charlotte, Salsarita's falls somewhere in the middle.  For my money, its a better option than Qdoba's, and there isn't an additional charge for guacamole.  On the other hand, I wouldn't say Salsarita's is better than Johnny Burrito or even Chipolte.  The fillings options are better at Johnny Burrito and the meats at Chipolte seem to be full of more flavor and tenderness.The staff at Salsarita's is always friendly, welcoming and gets you in and out without any problems.  Prices are always reasonable.  Parking is always plentiful.  I've no complaints with Salsarita's and will continue to frequent Salsarita's when looking for a practical lunch or dinner option in the north Charlotte area.
3	If you need a fix for Mexican this is much better than Chipotle in my opinion. Although it is a little pricey for an everyday meal situation is is incredibly feeling. The only reason I give it three stars and not four is because its not a sit down casual dining restaurant.   All the items are pretty much the same ingredients just in different combinations.  There is a wide choice of proteins that range from seafood to pork and this particular location offers margaritas although I've never had them before so I can't attest to their flavor.  The staff is down to earth and makes great conversation especially since I'm a relatively new repeat customer.   In the world of generic Mexican/Southwest cuisine this difinitely the top of the barrel.
5	Another Charlotte favorite is Salsarita's... specifically for the shrimp burrito. I don't know of another fast food/quick food burrito place that offers shrimp. Do you? If so, post a reply and let me know asap! Although the line was crazy long and slow... granted it was a weekday around lunchtime, the food was good and inexpensive. I'm a Chipotle girl all day but again... for a shrimp burrito... two thumbs up for Salsarita's.
2	Meh is right.  Seems like the quality at this location has really gone down, as each time we have been there it has gotten progressively worse..  They asked over and over what we wanted on our items, despite us having JUST told them.  They no longer carried several items that were being advertised right on the menu boards.   Meats were extra greasy.  Beans were not hot.  Cilantro was very wilted.  Tea tasted OFF.  The one bright spot was the guy who was bussing the dining area.  He seemed very friendly and helpful, and did not bat an eye when one of my children spilled some water (truly an accident).  There are too many other options, though,  for me to bother giving them yet another chance.
2	The food is not fresh (anymore).  This used to be one of my favorite places.  I stopped by after a year had gone by and the food quality has significantly declined.  Mushy tomatoes, undercooked rice hard as a rock..  At least the guac was good.  I won't be returning though.
1	It costs too much, the food sits all day, and they charge for anything.  You ask for one more olive...that's 25 cents.  I could go to Chipotle and receive a better product.  TV's in the resturant shouldn't constitute for higher prices with the sub par food that is being served. They skimp on everything so you have to ensure that they make your food correctly.  The taco bowls just sit in the open subjected to flies or any other pests that may be around.  The chips are not crunchy and the queso is very over priced.  The only positive thing about this spot is the nicely chopped lettuce and Tabasco (which was used to cover up the taste of the food).  Overall, there are better choices if your looking for a quick tex-mex fix...hit Chipotle and get more bang for your buck!  If you do take a chance...don't say I didn't warn you.
1	Is 1 star the lowest rating? ICK! Food was gross! Got a chicken quesadilla and it was way too salty, got asked if I want cheese on a quesadilla ..?, and got charged the wrong price! Def NOT a place I'll be eating at again!
5	This is a great lunch option! Quick and reasonably priced. I really like their tacos and the guacamole is delicious!! Lots of fresh toppings!!  For meat, definitely recommend the pulled pork and steak!  Chicken was so-so...kind of bland. Service is fast and friendly.
1	Me and my friends love this place but maybe everybody that worked there was having a bad day. I felt rushed and the girl that made my burrito keep saying that she "should've locked the doors" and "she was tired". I just didn't feel welcomed at all. Someone needs to do something about the night staff or we will not return. Also my chips were old and the rice was cold smh!!!
