4	How cool is it that a section of the street is consistently closed to cars and vehicle traffic? The section of Saint Laurent Boulevard (also known as "the Main") in Montreal is the street food loving, patio chilling, bargain shopping sidewalk sales (or ventes trottoirs) heaven. When the weather in June is still raining and cold in Vancouver, it is sunny and very much summer in Montreal. Take the Metro to nearby stations of either Station Sherbrooke, Station Berri-UQAM, or Station Mont-Royal. A few minutes walk will land you on the street where beers are cheap and patios abound. I truly love how Montreal embraces patio life. Even random streets in the Finance district will land you a sexy open table with some delicious Sangria!Even if you are parched from the sun you can option to sit inside the bar while people watching.$4 Pinte, $12 Pitchers, avg $5 bottlesMeat galore - Hungarian sausages, sauerkrautVisit the ever so busy Schwartz's Montreal Hebrew Delicatessen. They have some killer smoked meat that are super tender and juicy!If eating isn't your thing, there are plenty of tees on sale and questionable dog grooming for your entertainment! After all this, maybe it`s time to head back to the hotel for a power nap or visit the beautiful McGill University.
4	The Main is closed for one weekend in June and one weekend in August for a great big street fest where the retail shops on the strip sell last seasons goods at crazy discounts. There are some stylish things, and some insane looking things like neon macrame dress shirts for men! Every bar and restaurant on the strip extends a patio onto the street, and most locals start on the pitchers in the sun early so as to maximize crazy people watching time. The area around Prince Arthur gets really crowded and clubby. Up around Rachel it's a little easier to breathe, and you are more likely to see those Chilean guys with the pan pipes, or that little girl who defies all child labour laws by slaying on the accordion for hours in the sun. (Who are your parents!!?) In general, the Main is what it sounds like; kinda the main drag. A little piece of it's heart died when the monuments and gravestones yard that used to haunt the heart of it was shut down, but as it stretches further and further north it keeps sprouting out new life and new hopes for business owners and remains one of the classic spots for late night roving, bike rides, and shot walks.
