5	Driving my friend's car while my own is getting stuff taken care of... I was having problems with what I assumed to be the battery. I was able to jump it and drive it, but I figured that it was best to get it looked at. I drove to O' Reilly one simple reason: (a) it's close to home - if it's not something simple like the battery, I can easily make my way home. I can admit, I am an AutoZone gal... but in this case, geography won out.Well, this store is making me consider my allegiance. I got there, turned off the car, and tried to turn it on again. No go. Not even the clicking this time. Hmmm...I go inside and explain my experience. In less than 30 or so minutes a jump was attempted just in case, the battery was tested to confirm, and a new one was installed. They even let me put the order under my friend's name so it would be easier to use the warranty/replacement proration (if needed). No upselling, no trying to convince me to buy some elite battery package... nothing but information to make sure I was making the right choice. Very much appreciated!Great, knowledgable staff. Friendly, efficient service. And, the pricing was damn good. I did some peeking around after the fact (I was kind of stuck while *in* the place) and found I paid a lot less than I would have at AutoZone. Score!Given that I have an undying love for my '94 and try to buy my own parts as needed, I may have a new favorite for keeping her on her toes!
4	Bob, I think he name was.. helped me right away without hesitation. I wanted some quotes on shocks/Struts... ahh!!! he was so friendly at telling me and printing the prices out for me.He had some computer issues but he worked around it. Friendly staff.The Store had one other customer, im not sure if he was waiting for something from the back, but he was just hanging out in the front. Plenty enough parking spaces. Clean store & Organized
3	Had what I needed.  Helpful and friendly, although there was a wait. Prices seemed a little high.  I definitely felt like a "girl" in there, not sure if I was going to be taken advantage of.  Uneasy feeling about that. id rather go there with a guy that knows what he needs and feel more confident with what i'm being told.
5	Can't beat the customer service here.  Daniel was friendly and super helpful.   Helped me pick out my headlight and tail light bulbs and installed them within ten minutes without any hassle.  Greatly appreciated!
