1	Fuddruckers is overpriced fast food.  The food is boring, the staff look disinterested.At least the place was clean the once time we ate there.Wendy's tastes better, is cheaper.  Skip this place and just go down the road to Steak and Shake where they even bring you your food.
4	Better tasting burgers than your normal fast food burger restaurant. They have a topping bar where you can add as much or as little lettuce, tomatoes, onions, condiments, etc. as you would like.
3	OMG, this place is terrible. XDHonestly, I only went there because I saw the movie Idiocracy and I thought it would be hilarious.And let me tell you, it was everything I dreamed it could be.I was especially amused by the boasting about "whole wheat buns" when the buns were seriously the most processed thing I've eaten in a year.I was really irritated that they wouldn't let me substitute a veggie burger in their stupid meal deal. Like, what the eff?I wanted a shake, but for five bucks on top of the $8 for my burger and fries I was like screw that, and I didn't get a drink I just had water.That being said, it was okay. I really would have liked a healthier bun, but I did like how you can build your own burger and pile on your own toppings.I got a brownie at the end and it was pretty good but god knows what was in it.I really wouldn't recommend eating here...unless you either really like junk food, or saw the movie Idiocracy and you get off on overhearing incredibly stupid conversations.But if you want a burger and fries, and you don't mind spending $10...go to Red Robin! It's way better and it's right there.
1	If you hate your colon, and want to do horrific damage to it, you should consider this place.  I'm not certain, but I believe there was a meal deal called the 'impacted intestine'.  The boasting of a 'toppings bar' are kind of sad, since lettuce was the featured topping.  The burgers are f'ing as big as you want them to be, and I think they get them in a box from Giant Eagle.  The service was bad, but I can only hope they spit in my food to give this greasy nightmare a hint of taste.  You can trust me on this, if you look them in the eye at any point, they will spit in your food.  Pray that you don't make small talk.  Also, completely dead while every other restaurant was packed.  Probably should have been the first red flag.
4	I was always skeptical.  Until I tried it.  I think its a very unique spin on a burger chain.  And happily the food is actually good there.  The burgers are always fresh and always good.  they toast the bread which is a nice detail.  They have a tendency to cook the burger a bit too much, but its not enough to stop me from going.  The fries are average.  The hot dogs are insane and huge.  I like the atmosphere and the seat yourself.  no waiters or waiting on other people.  just get up and get more drink or toppings if you want them.  Pretty simple.  But most importantly for a burger joint: the burgers are good here.  Great flavors.  And if you are adventurous you can try other meats like elk, ostrich buffalo, turkey and probably more.Looking at the other reviews I will add that in the five times I have been there I have not had a bad experience.  Its more expensive than fast food, but its actually good and you get what you pay for.
1	Yelp makes you give a place at least one star, I wish I could give this place less. Fuddruckers is a hole. I lost a bet with a friend and had to buy him lunch, he chose  Fuddruckers. We walk In and I order the least damaging thing I could put in my body, a salmon burger. I notice they have whole grain buns so I ask for that with grilled onions. My friend orders the one pound burger because anytime someone else is buying he always gets the most expensive item or biggest on the menu. So we sit down and I'm wondering why my bill was 32 bucks for lunch. Then I see this rip off burger joint charges 50 cents extra for whole grain buns, 85 cents for grilled onions and 4 bucks for endless sodas. He ordered fries which are also extra. 32 bucks for lunch?!?! For burgers?!? My salmon burger was ok, moist and flavorful, unfortunately the grilled onions made the bun soft and it fell apart so I ate it with a fork. His burger was cooked to order and flavorful, he said. The fries were nothing special. Overall I think you can get better burgers elsewhere, and not have to shell out almost 35 bucks for them. This was my first and last visit to Fuddruckers. They can go Fudd themselves!
2	Burgers are always good (beef, turkey, and veggie) but, during the most recent visit (January 16, 2011) to this location the lettuce in the side salad was "rusty", the ranch dressing was water-like, and the onion rings were over done. Sorry but, I will not be going back to this location any day soon...  I also found it "odd" that it seemed like there were only "kids" working in this location, without any "visible" adult supervision...
2	I'm really not surprised this place closed. I only ate there once and I found the condiment bar to be more enticing than the actual food.
1	This place is now closed. It is now called Pittsburgh burgers. Just past by and saw the sign. Hope their food will be better!
