3	If you need a post office that's open late, this one is open the latest.Can't tell you how many times I've tried to find a post office that's open later than the one in my neighborhood until I discovered this one.  It's on Sunset, right across the street from McCarran Airport, is open till 9pm Monday-Friday and 4pm on Saturdays.  As much as I like my local office (Silverado) for convenience, this one seems to be the go to place if you don't want an overwhelmed staff and want to get in and out in a relatively efficient amount of time.  They also do passport stuff in case you need to get that taken care of.However, being the main post office in Las Vegas, it does have a big of a huge warehouse type feel to it.  Almost think the ambiance of a Costco with envelopes in place of food samples.  Also, despite the extended hours, the overnight shipping deadline is relatively early.  3:30pm.  I've been to other post offices where the deadline has been closer to 5pm... so that's something you gotta keep in mind.  Also, if you're coming from South Strip and/or the Henderson area, it's probably easier to access this place by heading north on Paradise.  It's right there on your right as the street ends rather than dealing with traffic on Sunset.
4	This is the main one in Las Vegas- this is where the local news stations film people dropping of their tax filing at the very latest possible time- convenient closing time. The line inside is pretty quick. The parking lot is very accommodating. Forms for passports and tax filing forms (during tax time) along with customs forms, certified return receipt forms are all located in the lobby. If I remember correctly, there is a self-service station on the right side of the post office, if you just want to drop off a letter or clasp envelope.
5	Using the USPS flat rate boxes which allow you to ship almost anything regardless of weight for a flat rate is a great way to ship that birthday present, graduation gift, or Holiday gift.  Since the USPS have put in the self help kiosk you can come anytime day or night and get that package mailed.  I found I don't have time during the day to stop in and mail something, so using the kiosk and flat rate boxes allows me to pop in any time.  If you go to the main office on Sunset by the airport, you can bet that package will go out quickly.
5	I really wanted to send out postcards from Las Vegas, but had no idea where to go! It was Saturday and mostly everything was closed. :[ I definitely did not want to send them from California...I mean, how pointless would THAT be?  In any case, I did what any sane person would do - bust out my phone and pull up my yelp app.  I read someone was sending packages at 7pm, so I got there as quick as I could! It turns out, the office actually closes at 4pm on Saturdays, BUT the lobby is open and has a self-serve kiosk! :D Yay!  Not only that, but the lobby was actually CLEAN and MAINTAINED.  There were plenty of forms and flat rate boxes out - anything you need for your shipping needs! PLUS, because it is the main postal branch, there are mail pick ups as late as 9:30pm.Overall, great USPS.  I wish they had more like it in California! Now, hopefully I used the kiosk properly and my postcard is well on its way to Japan. ;]
4	Am I really a fan of the Post Office? Not really. But I feel like this location deserves four stars simply because it's the main location for Las Vegas. From what I've experienced, this is the go-to place if you want your stuff delivered quickly. I'm guessing it's because mail from the other locations have to go through this facility anyway. So you're getting a head start by going to the source.Plus, this spot works for me because it's right down the road from work. This place should also get you in and out quicker than other USPS offices. There are simply more employees and more counters here. On the other hand, there is an easy to use self-service kiosk in the center area. I'm sure most other post offices have them too, but it's worth mentioning. I usually use that unless I have something unusual to ship (like today).
4	going to the post office kind of sucks, but if you have to go this is the one to go to. i think of this as the main post office and is the only one i use. it is full service including passports. i usually never have to wait in line here and even if i do it is never long. the counter people here are very efficient probably because they have to be to work in this office due to the volume. another huge plus to this office is it is open until 9PM!!! and that is also their last mail call. my mail always gets where i send it fast from here and if you procrastinated on that bill that is a good thing. so if you have to go to the post office go here.
4	Thank Goodness for this location....And for our very kind and highly reccommended H&R Block Tax Prep Alden (Trop and Maryland Location!) I tried for a good ten minutes trying to locate via phone/web the USP centers that offer extended hours for last minute tax filing/mailing.  Took getting here, on YELP to get the correct info, even the info given from the direct source UPS 1-800-275-8777 gave inadequate info. sigh Too bad the rollercoaster ride of backtaxes and our agreement with the IRS is not over until November-which after 2 years of being compliant in resolving the situation, we will no longer be under the gun.  Just wish that the tax return we would have received unstead of the IRS this time was ours, but oh well. Almost finished with the entire sit.  Still. next year's gonna be pretty sweet when we receive 4x's the amount we usually do, w/o any of the credits too! Back to the US POSTAL SERVICE RATING: 4 stars for being open for procrastinators! :)
4	This is the post office I visit often because it is extremely close to my work. Every time I have gone in for passport application process, shipping, stamps, etc... the service has been great. Really, government employees nice?!!!? YEP!! My boyfriend recently got stationed in Korea and I was shipping him a box of stuff. There was one employee answering questions and directing people to the right paperwork. Very helpful for me since this was my first time shipping to a APO. She even went over it before I got in line to assure everything was correct. She was not rude nor did she make me feel stupid for not knowing. Love that they have someone that is friendly and patient. This I am sure helps the employees at the counter because we come with everything ready. Another time, I was shipping some concert tickets and an employee at the counter put my envelope in another one and said it was cheaper to do it differently. I was very thankful that she knew it was more cost effective another way and didn't just blow it off. I thought that was great customer service!!! I believe this is one of the best Post Offices I have been in!
5	Great Customer service here. But seriously in any state i go to and visit the PO. Why are there never enough people working? There wasnt a line so i was in and out but still. And this is close to the strip incase you buy something and want to ship it home or due to the SHITTY TSA cant bring it on the plane because its a "THREAT" Yea right.
4	This is the main post office location which is a huge building that also does passport applications. I normally go to the Westridge Location, but this was closer to work. I couldn't believe how fast the line went. There were 4 people working the counters not just one and it made the customer service that much better. I definitely recommend this post office if you don't want to be stuck at the post office for 30 minutes or more especially in the late afternoon. Good customer service, quick and efficient, just my style!
5	Fast, motivated customer service. Never unclean. Best post-office experience on the side of town this post office serves.Seemingly, the best delivery speed too, judging from the frequency with which I mail a letter and the letter gets to where it is addressed earlier than I expected.The management did a really good job architecting the ultra-dangerous traffic considerations when designing this parking lot.
4	While a post office is generally a post office, this location stands apart. Most locations around town have 1-2 people working the counter and a "quick" stop is 30-45 minutes. This location, being a distribution center, always has 2-5 people working the counters. Plus, when you have smaller packages, or envelopes to send off, the Automated Postal Center (APC) works well as a help yourself service station.
4	Passport services are quick, efficient, and as nice as you can get for a government entity. The lines for sending off packages move quickly and is more well organized than the one on Pebble and Bermuda. I am as big of a fan of staying in a post office as they are of serving the throngs of people that come in everyday. I do appreciate the fact that they can often grin and bear it better than I can though.Parking is never a problem with the large private lot. The most I can ever ask for is to be in and out as quickly as possible. With the associates here, it is rarely an issue.
2	Open late, which is great, but really shouldn't they all be opened late (this is Vegas). Distribution hub so the stuff does get put on the plane the quickest compared to dropping it off at another PO in the valley, but aren't Dist hubs like that?Never used Passport services here, but in regards to the clerks at the counters, this is not the DREAM TEAM of the valley's best, that's for sure. Perhaps the worst are sent here because that is what I have experienced. Clerks act like you are personally taking money ... nay ... spitting on their faces while you expose yourself if you happen to be .2 ounces over the home-printed label. Dude wanted to get into with me once because the label was 4 ounces and he claimed that I "OWED" money. What?It is more than that. More than that. Alright man. Just charge me whatever-the-fuck it is. "18 cents." Alright. Claims it was 4.5 ounces. What the fuck man. Ebay/Paypal labeling does not allow for .5 measurements, asshole. It is either 4 ounces or 5 ounces; no SUCH THING AS 4.5 ounces to be paid for at home through Ebay/Paypal. And he was rounding up anyway; it was like 4.3 ounces at most. Am I supposed to round all the way up to 5 ounces when it is 4.3. Get the fuck out of here. I rated it two stars because I am feeling generous; one of the female clerks gave me a bunch of customs pouches once after busting my balls over underweighing some Jordans I was mailing to Italy. Afterwards I learned you can just make an account if you ship a lot and they deliver the pouches (and bubble mailers, WHAT!) right to your box for free. - EPostscript. This has been the only location in the valley that has lost/disappeared one of my parcels too. I sent it with delivery confirmation and it never was scanned at the distro centre and I had to refund the buyer.
4	This is the best post office in town to deal with. I had to mail some packages on Christmas Eve and there was a line which moved quickly and efficiently! The postal clerk was happy and friendly and I have NEVER dealt with a civil postal clerk in this city! I had a couple of questions and she was very nice and informative. Such a relief after dealing with the Pebble and Topaz locations! They should shut both of those locations down since they LOSE your mail or return to sender for months at a time! First, they should make them cage fight gladiator style to the death to keep their jobs. Those people define the term "going postal" to a t.Any time I need postal services, I will drive out of my way to go to this location.
5	This post office is great :) The people who work here love they job. They are fast and I never have to wait ....ever! This is the best post office in town hands down.
3	This is the only post office in town that is open after 6 pm. Thank you! All the others close at 5:30ish or before that.
2	Maybe it was a bad day for the postal service, I don't know. This was probably the 10th time I've ever been inside a post office in my life. Random fact about me..Anyway, the sign said they open at 8:00AM, I opened the door at 8;03 .. I'm not that OCD I just happened to get a text at the same time I walked in :)Well I waited in line for 15 minutes, not a normal line, it was a "We hear the employees enjoying their coffee and breakfast behind the big scary shutter doors" line.It was ridiculous. Myself and 5 other people stood there like sheep waiting patiently for bob and sofia to finish their breakfast and conversation to open the gate of a post office that should have been open for 15 minutes prior.Annoying.
5	As far as Post Offices go, this one's the best in town. They process passport applications, they have an automated postal center machine with drop box, they are open late, the line moves fast, they process and deliver your stuff quickly, and you can watch airplanes take off and land from the parking lot.
5	OK it's a post office...why the 5 stars?  Well, because usually my experience at post offices is less than stellar.  I don't know, maybe they pay them more at this location but everyone is always friendly; even when we show up at the last minute with several bins for the outgoing mail.  Open until 9 PM on M-F !
5	I have to say a big thank you to Mary Hoppe! I was on the hunt to find a very particular template and had looked and looked and looked. Finally, I received a call from Mary in response to a somewhat despondent email. She was cheery and excited to help! Not only did she send me exactly what I was looking for, but included two other templates that I'm certain will come in very handy, and a sweet little handwritten note. It's people like this that make me smile. I thoroughly appreciate her!
4	Post Offices are places where I usually grumble about having to go to, but this location is the one that I grumble the least about visiting. It's all about the location. If you're coming in from the South it's easy to get off the highway right before the tunnel and be at the Post Office. When you get out of your car you get a free view of the McCarran air traffic. Hey, there's the Virgin Airways 747 again! And dang it's loud and it's big cause it's just right across the street from you!. You have easy access to the outside boxes to drop and go, and they pick up the mail later than other PO's do. And if it's tax time, this is THE PO to go to if you want your taxes postmarked in time and want to do it as close to midnight as possible...and maybe pick up a brief TV appearance in the process. If you go inside and the counter is open service is usually fast. And yes you can get passports here. I've had a PO Box here and was very pleased with the service and support received. Overall I consider this location to be the best PO in Vegas, hands down. 4 Stars based on almost 2 years of frequent visits.
5	Great convience that they have a drive thru to mail your letters. But, if you do need stamps or to mail boxes you have to go inside. They seem to get you through the line pretty fast. I have ran into some nice workers and some stuck up ones working here. But, this place is very convient and they wont be going any where so we have to deal!
4	Updating my review to 4-stars. Clean, well-maintained and still efficient but there are never enough clerks to handle peak demand , waiting times standing in line are usually twenty minutes or longer even with three people working: one in take clerk, and two at the philatelic/passport desk.The reason for the update is the typical thing being seen from USPS employees nationwide.... I don't know how to describe the phenomenon except to label it as "nasty attitude". Just plain bad sometimes. Usually it's just the typical mundane repetitive "dumb customer person I've repeated myself enough times today" sort of behavior, and that's to be expected because if I had to do that job I'd go insane.But, being brushed off and waived on like I was a peasant talking to the queen of England "ain't happening for me".
4	This is my favorite post office in LV, I always stop in to drop a post card in the mail on my way to the airport every time I come visit. It's so close to the strip and has really friendly staff so it's great for those over sized items you should mail home instead of risk in your suit case. I'll be back PO on Sunset.Oh and if you have some time to kill, get across the street, park in the flight line viewing lot and tune in and listen to the tower communicate with landing and departing air craft.
1	Clerks are great, but supervisors and box services are flat out RUDE.
1	Worst Passport service. More like NO service at all for people sending Passport documentations.
1	This post office is a joke. Came in with my daughter for a passport. Waited a few minutes and finally the clerk comes by and starts calling out a number. I looked around and did not see a ticket dispenser. I lined up in the regular line and asked for a ticket number and the clerk pointed out to the passport line and told me to see the passport clerk. Lined up at the passport line and asked for a ticket and was handed a card board with a number written on it. Clerk helped out the next 4 people and then walks away with out a word. It's been over 30 minutes and still no clerk. I asked the other clerk and was told person will be back. I mean come on talk about job security. Saw the clerk briefly and not a word to us waiting in line. Finally asked for the mgr. Mgr said clerk will be back in 30 seconds. That was a minute ago. URGH!!!!!!
3	I've had a box at this particular location since around 1992, when I moved here from Hawaii.  The only "complaint" I have, is shown here:http://cdn.acidcow.com/pics/20120823/only_had_one_job_2_42.jpg99% of the folks who work at this place are terrific, hard-working folks (like Nelson and "Fletch," as two excellent examples), who go out of their way to give the public "FIRST CLASS" (pardon the pun) service.  Neither of the two I mentioned have anything to do with the boxes.But, somewhere in that section is someone who cannot read English, and that's sad, because I have had more than a couple of 8 X 10 photos permanently ruined by that "individual."
5	Cool story.  I once carelessly sent out a package with no shipping label and dropped it in the drop box.  Nervous for a number of days and miraculously, this post office made sure that my unmarked package was returned to me.  That was some good service.
1	Went to this location to hunt down a missing package sent from California. Got there and was helped by an older lady. Painfully slow for her to log into a computer and put in tracking number just to tell me I have to go next office next door. Met another older lady who was grumpy did not greet me just said "can I help you?!" Gave her my tracking & case number just to find out they can't find it and she recommended to file a missing/ theft case. So bottom line still am missing that package. 15days delayed and its sitting somewhere in their warehouse or an employee misplaced or stole my package. Very upset! And a huge waste of time!
2	The DMV is like Disneyland compared to this horrible place. The employees are lazy, entitled, unbelievably rude, and quite frankly, deserve to be working at a McDonald's instead. They act like you are personally offending them in some way because you came in and made them do their jobs. Aw, their line of work is stressful and it involves dealing with stupid customers all day? Well, so do MANY other jobs that don't offer anywhere near the pay and benefits that this government job does.Yeah, just let me get right on showing sympathy for their plight as soon as I fix the recession and cure cancer.It is actually worth it to drive out of my way to avoid this location. Also, do not even get me started on their practically nonexistent passport service. You will be there for over an hour simply because there are two or three people ahead of you.
1	I believe this post office STOLE a package sent to me from a seller who had them pick it up at their place of business.   FOUR DAYS after the last scan is done here for "departed post office las vegas, NV with their zip code, there is ZERO tracking at that point which makes me think someone scanned it and took it home or even threw it away just to be mean and spiteful.    IF it had reached California from Nevada, there would have been a transit scan at the sort hub near me.   I believe this post office to be corrupt and unfarily delaying of packages that are entrusted to their care.
