4	Netflix game.. its there... now find the rules and play HARD. First the good... Netflix's Watch Instantly unlimited - tons of movies (although not recent release) available to stream to the 'puter or laptop and into the Flat Screen Testing weekend shipping...'nuff said! For the most part I've been very happy... if you want to try Netflix... ask a Friend that's a member for a free one month trial coupon!The Bad... don't rent and return too much... I've known them  to manipulate the availability of the movies!
5	I have been a Netflix member since 2001, and I don't intend to stop anytime soon.I've always been able to get the movies I wanted quickly, even new releases that I wanted to check out. The replacement service is great for the times when you get a bad dvd (usually a cracked on from the delivery) and they've never let me down with price, selection or service.I too did a head to head vs BB, and Netflix is way better.
5	Been a member since 2001 as well - only a move across country caused me to (very temporarily) suspend my membership, try blockbuster by foot & car (running like a panic mad-woman to hit the drop-box and not get nailed for late fees - i am otta breath even thinking of those old days gone by).Anyhow, I LUV THESE GUYS!  easy, simple, amazing, instant gratification :-)  {WHO doesn't want that??!!}When i get mags indicating new & up-coming movies, i put them on my reserve list, and before you know it, they move up my list & get ready to post, in my mail box, & promptly in my dvd player - while i watch sipping an ice cold martini - in silky PJ's - you can't do that at cineplex!  Who~Hoo! luv my red envelopes in the mail :-)
5	If I could give 10 stars I would!  What can I say, I LOVE Netflix.  I'd love to meet the person who created this concept - I'm sure they're a millionare many times over. Smart, smart, smart!  Give folks a great product, great selection, and great service and you've got a winner!  Love the selection and I have fun anticipating those new arrivals.  OK, confession time - I also happen to love the old shows like "Dallas" and "Dynasty."  Have had a fun time rewatching those shows from their initial episodes.  Sorry that Blockbuster is closing so many stores, but hey, it was bound to happen!  Netflix rocks!
3	Netflix is awesome. I am not sure how renting videos could be any easier. I just wish they would rent some games to me as well... oh well.Update: They never have any new content regarding feature films.
5	I feel like Netflix has one of the greatest business models ever created.  They are an OUTSTANDING company. I base this on 2 things:1. They are extremely profitable.2. NOBODY feels like they are being ripped off regarding what they pay versus what they get. I pay $9 and change a month and feel like I'm underpaying. I want to send them a Christmas card with a fifty dollar bill in it just for peace of mind. The watch instantly aspect really makes it an amazing value. I could spend DAYS watching TV shows, in chronological order, one episode after another, on that thing. It has all the episodes of Lost, Heroes, Arrested Development, 30 Rock, The Office, and a ton of others. It's like Hulu's hotter, less annoying friend. I would recommend it to anyone in a heartbeat. If you haven't joined Netflix, just do it. I guarantee you won't regret it. Plus, I need more people to talk about how awesome Arrested Development is with.
4	Oh my gosh !! Where have I been ? How did I not know how fabulous this rental site is? Movies to my mailbox with a fast turnaround? ..movies instantly on our home TV?    We  have currently near 100 movies/TV shows / documentaries  ready to watch on our instant queue .  We love our new rental so much . It actually has increased our family time and given us a new way to hang out together.  Strange Irony --my brother  worked for this company over 10 years ago and described the system to me  and I thought it would never go over ..Who knew?
3	I enjoy Netflix, but I am really bad at getting my mail and sending my mail. I do everything electronically. I really wish there was more of a selection within the Instant Queue.
5	love being a netflix member. I have never experienced any bad service or neglect. my movies come in unbelievably fast after returning them. I have ended my cox cable subscription because of this wonderful company.
4	There are only 4 stars, because there is no competition in this area. Netflix offers a service like no other. If there was real competition, I would probably use the competition, because there appears to be a knee jerk response to what is offered to "watch now". You could be in the middle of a season of your favorite TV show that came out several years ago, and all of a sudden it's no longer available. Yet on Amazon.com you could stream it for $1.99 each using their 'on demand' feature. (As a student, I just don't want to spend the money for two unique services.)Also the feature films available on "watch now" are limited to films you really don't want to watch.  There are a ton of local movies and random documentaries available for "watch now", but then something that should be available for streaming just isn't. -there's no reason why, no way to request it, and no way to say to Netflix "hey, I was watching that yesterday, why isn't it available today?". Realistically, do you want to wait several days for a DVD to come in the mail? ~I submit that we shouldn't have to with the technology available today.
4	Netflix offers a good service for the money.  Streaming + 2 disks out at a time for less than it would cost for me and one other to go to the movies once.To answer the review by Rahul who talked about the delay between Netflix and being able to purchase a disk: I feel your pain, but that is not Netflix's fault, but rather the movie studios who FORBID Netflix to rent until the disk has been available for purchase for a month or so.  Remember that Netflix doesn't own the movies any more than you do when you buy them, and they have to abide by the license agreement if they don't want to be sued into oblivion.
5	The greatest idea since sliced bread. In the preliminary stages I felt bad for Hollywood and Blockbuster video. Some people have to suffer in order for progress to be made I guess. But their loss is our gain, remember they always charged you those late fees and didn't really have a great selection? Whenever I want to get my in-person video store rental on, I just go to Video Paradise. As someone who has seen literally thousands and thousands of movies and is a huge IMDb nut, I love Netflix. I am always researching movies and usually when I come across an obscure movie I need, Netflix has it. Netflix started out with a not so good instant selection but that has changed and improved dramatically as they become more extensive. Whenever something is on instant it will usually stay instant for awhile and then become available on disc. The more you rate the better the movie suggestions Netflix will make for you. When you set up your account you select which genres you watch and your preferences. Then you can just search to your heart's content! I feel like the other reviewer in that I* should be sending them a gift for offering such a great service. They receive your sent back movies quickly and movies are sent to your mailbox very quickly. Highly recommended.
5	One of the most genius concepts of our time. $15 a month for 2 movies at a time, as many as you can squeeze in. I heard from someone you can also copy them to your computer and watch them when you have time :). You can build quite the library selection this way :) and always have something for every mood waiting in the wings. Instant queue is fabulous as well. Tons of flicks are right there on demand and included in your membership costs. The iPhone app for this lets you add and browse on here, or just go to the Netflix website. Also tons of TV shows as well. I've logged a lot of hours watching some old canceled series' I used to really enjoy. Also pulling up some real gems of movies from my childhood that are good for a laugh! If you try something and it sucks, just delete from the queue and move on it. It's just perfection. Absolutely genius. If you don't have a membership, sign up. I don't think there is anything else I would recommend more highly.
3	Well, apparently Netflix just wasn't down with the whole "Extraordinarily Happy Customers" and "Providing Tremendous Value For The Money" business model that I raved about in my previous review.They're now changing their pricing structure so the One DVD At A Time "unlimited" package is $7.99 and the Watch Instantly unlimited package is also $7.99. So $15.98 together. They used to be $9.99 together. I'm keeping the "Watch Instantly" package for now, but the $7.99 for "One DVD At A Time" is just ridiculous. Yeah, they have a quick turnaround, but it's still the mail. You'd have to be a pretty hardcore movie watcher to get a better value out of an $8/month "unlimited" Netflix plan than just renting 8 $.99 movies at Blockbuster or Redbox. So yeah, I guess they're okay. The Watch Instantly service is still a decent deal. But "One DVD at a Time" is a total rip-off, and I never thought I'd use the word "rip-off" to describe Netflix.
2	So, apparently greed and lackluster customer service as well as, I'm suspecting, inadequate servers are all combining to make Netflix, imo, go down the tubes. Here's a transcript of an email I attempted to send back to them (it was from an automated account) after they, for the third time, sent me the guilded steps for "viewing success":Hi. Thanks for these steps. The thing is I turn all my devices off regularly - probably 2 or 3 times a day - so they're constantly resetting like what you're saying to do in these instructions. And since I have ethernet, only the first 2 steps apply to me, and like I said, they're done on a regular basis, so...although you guys are quick with an answer, I still don't believe it's an adequate one to explain why I, with a premium package from my ISP, 13 mbps download speed, and comparatively little trouble streaming video on most other sites, e.g. YouTube, Digg, Hulu, etc., still continue to have problems loading content on your site.Since May, I can only successfully watch an entire movie without major interruption approx. 25% of the time. Maybe I should be paying 25% of my monthly bill? Perhaps you guys think we pay relatively little for the great service - and, in essence it is great, or was, for my first few months as a customer. And now, to hear you guys are jacking up your rates, when I'm DEFINITELY not getting what I pay for, I think sucks the big one. I've also had several DVDs that have skipped and been unwatchable also, so here's an idea coming from someone in business development and marketing: - Skip raising your rates and focus on customer satisfaction first-  Hire more (or better) people for DVD inspection/quality control/tech support-  Use the billions you must be raking in and get more servers/DVDs to ensure the quality you purport to haveThen you won't take a huge tumble when rate jacking and thumbing your nose at customers causes them to jump ship by the millions in the months and years to come. Just my 2 cents.
3	I love Netflix. I love how you can browse movies and make a list of everything you want to see and then just work your way thru it. I love how they try to figure out what you like and then make suggestions for you. I love how even if you loose or scratch a dvd, they never blame you for it or charge you, they just go right ahead and send you a new one. However, I do not love the fact that their online options are lagging behind their competitors. I could overlook this when the instant queue was just included for free with the regular mail package but now that they are charging more for that, they really need to step up their game if they are going to keep their customers. I just really wish that they would get more options in their instant queue. I think someday in the future we will all be able to watch any movie or tv show ever made, instantly, at the touch of a button. But they are just not there yet. For, now I would settle for being able to watch a few new-ish releases and some old HBO shows. Really, I understand that there are licensing agreements but I just think that everything that they offer via mail should be available to watch online... then they could get away with offering it as a separate service and billing people for it. Here's an article from the Huffington Post that I thought was really interesting. http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2011/09/02/netflix-hbo_n_946598.html
5	Netflix, you're the best.I'm a streaming customer.Have never had any problems or issues.I also have DIRECTV ..... it makes my Wife HAPPY. With the variety of channels available, on my Roku setup box ......its all I need.The cable companies are the next ....... Blockbuster bust !!!
4	Whether the price of Netflix is justified or not really depends on how much of a movie nut and/or recluse you are. The 20 (26? idk) bucks a month we pay for 3 dvd's at a time and unlimited streaming is well justified in my mind. We have not had cable tv in over, well, since I lived with my parents back in early '07. We watch probably 15 movies a month and every day when I get home from work I watch 3-5 episodes of tv. Albeit they are older episodes but I get to watch them uninterrupted, in a row, with no commercials. I have watched over 40 episodes of Law and Order: SVU, the entire Last Avatar series, the first season of Glee, some animal planet shows, the first season of Breaking Bad, first 3 or 4 seasons of Lost etc. My little niece also loves the selection of children's movies and shows. The instant stream has been getting better imo.
4	As a long time supporter of Netflix, I tend to follow all their news and bad PR jobs. This being said, the service is great, the prices reasonable. When you consider how expensive having movie channels like HBO and Showtime, or renting them. I know a lot of people who've switched to redbox for the .99 a day but they have the same arguments they've always had, if you don't watch it that night, your stuck w/ it a few days or you have to return it w/o watching it which I hear is common practice when plans don't fall through. Netflix doesn't have this problem. The Streaming selection has grown by leaps and bounds over the years and a lot of newer movies have been showing up thanks to their deals. Losing starz is a blow but you can still rent the disks. Something that many people haven't mentioned is the ease to increase and decrease the amount of movies you have. For the holidays we normally up them to 8 and get a bunch of movies for the holidays since we have more time on our hands and then drop it once the holidays are over. If your unhappy w/ the service, drop it a level. That's what I did when they first started messing w/ the service.
2	More and more I am finding that the movies I want to see are not available streaming.  So the price goes way up and you have DVD rentals,  which you can get cheaper at the Library or Red Box.      I think the quantity is falling at Netflix.  Probly time to shop the other services.
4	This is a great service, but lately the quality of shows are dwindling fast.  Well we have watched most of the good miniseries.  Not much left, so I hope that new programming in coming soon.
2	Streaming video has a poor selection of movies.  The system works well yet odd movie selection.  Read online; if looking for new releases they don't have.  Not even from a year ago.
5	netflix is the pinnacle of entertainment. if you dont have netflix, youre way behind. i watch all episodes of everything, in order, start to finish. The price is  low, the selection is great, video quality is super ,and although i have cable, netflix is my first choice. good as it gets.
5	How did we ever live without Netflix?  Seriously, how did we do it?  Every now and then I still hear someone say they don't have Netflix and I'm like, "What?!?!".  How is that even possible?Thanks to Netflix we now have this great new word ....  "binge-watching."  I've become so spoiled with being able to watch episodes of a television series back-to-back-to-back that it drives me nuts now to actually watch a show one episode at a time while it's airing.  When one episode ends..... I want the next one...  like NOW!  LOLIn case you've been living under a rock (I don't judge, I live under one pretty frequently), let me briefly tell you about Netflix.  It's really cheap - $8 a month.  Stream movies & television shows onto your tv via a smart tv or a Playstation, or a smart bluray player.  Stream them to your computer or ipad.  Easy as pie.  There are thousands of movies (they have really good ones now too) and entire television series (popular ones).  If you don't have Netlix, GET IT!  They also have their own original series now too like House of Cards and Orange Is The New Black.  Both shows are AWESOME!I heart you, Netflix!  You are the wind beneath my wings!
4	While I haven't been to the physical headquarters I - like many of my fellow reviewers - have been a customer of Netflix for some time. My relationship with them has been off & on over the years. Sometimes we're really close (DVDs AND Streaming) and sometimes we just keep things casual (Streaming only). Right now we're in a casual phase.I like a few others didn't think this would last, but surprisingly it did. And not only that it put one of it's major competitors out of business. Well, I don't know if it did, but it definitely didn't help keep them in business that's for sure. I wish they could have better content available for streaming only customers. Don't get me wrong - they offer a lot. But they seem to never have what I actually want so I end up settling for something else. I am looking forward to watching House of Cards soon though. So we'll see. Maybe we'll take our relationship back up to the serious dating stage soon.
1	Netflix just doesn't work for me. I have high speed Internet (12MBps) but every time I start to watch a movie up comes "loading.Please wait..........  Kind of stupid to pay for this.  Called Netflix, walked through all the troubleshooting steps and still the same problem.  I canceled my subscription.  Who needs this????
5	Netflix provides a revolutionary platform that makes sitting on a couch so much more addictive.They have given us a low price and allowed us to watch so much. Movies can arrive frequently if on disc and instantly online. Though their library is smaller than Amazon's, you get them free. And they will often have popular, new movies.Netflix will also tend to give out great obscure documentaries. You may end up one day learning about chefs in France and the other about assisted suicide.You may end up watching strange Japanese animation from the 60's or death row documentaries.Netflix puts us out to learn and to have fun, a distinguishing combination.
