2	(Filberto's + Baja Fresh) - (Cheap + Healthy) = El Gran TaquitoYea, wasn't really impressed.  They have about 9 combos that range from $7 - $11 and they come w/ Rice & Beans but no drink.  Small drinks are $1.35.  Not expensive, but this isn't expensive food.  It's kinda cheap food.  And certainly cheap feeling atmosphere.  Now during M-F lunch they do have like 6 combos for $5.95 - but again w/ no drink.  Now to give you a picture, this place is right between the Chinese food place and, a few stores down, a pizza place, and right across the parking lot from a McDonald's. You have to REALLY be craving a taco to come here.  I won't be coming here again, but it's not like it made me sick or anything.  And the service wasn't good, but they weren't directly rude.  So, it's getting 2 stars. But just barely.
2	I totally agree with Kristin C. on this one!!The food is expensive compared to other Taquerias in the city and there's nothing that stands out about it! It isn't great or even very fresh. One thing that REALLY irritated me was that it takes FOREVER to get your order to go! Nearly half an hour. And good luck if you choose to dine in! It's a small family owned business, but they really need to change their prices. I'd go back, but I'd call ahead first! IF their prices were lower. I live so close! But Taco Bell is RIGHT there and they may not be as good, but dangit! They're cheaper and faster!
4	About a month ago or so, I gave El Gran Taquito another try and I was very surprised! I'm a little bit of a regular now! Having gone there three times in the past month! I am happy to report that they got rid of these HUGE wooden chairs they used to have and exchanged them for some smaller more sturdier chairs yay! They also worked on their timing, I never waited longer than 15 minutes for a dine-in order for two. They have also added to their menu, now boasting 16 combos and now includes new breakfast & lunch specials. They have also lowered their prices, their combos range between $4.50 - $7.25, which is GREAT! more professionalism with their staff. He was nice and helpful and even suggested substitutions, but he was obviously very young and kind of... figity. Their dining area could use some love, it's never dirty dirty, but I usually have to wipe off the table with a dry napkin before we sit down. My favorite is the #16, a taco, enchilada and toastada with rice and beans for only $7.25! It's a lot of food too! *see pics* The enchiladas are my favorite! They don't put onions in them!! YAY!! Their tacos are nice and crisp and the lettuce is always fresh (big huge plus for me). They could use some more chili in their hot sauce, it lacks that nice kick I like in my hot sauce. The beans and rice are decend, nothing special - but still decent. I hope you go to El Gran Taquito soon and give them a try, it's not wonderful or perfect, but it is good and I'm a fan.
3	FYI, El Gran Taquito is nothing more than your typical little hole-in-the-wall place to grab a burrito or taco plate.  In this context, I give it three stars, given the fact that you will often find the same family members working every day to hand-pull the meats and prep the rest of their ingredients to ensure great quality.  It's good food.Just don't expect anything else, and I guarantee that you will be impressed.  The "crap-aberto" places don't come close in quality, but El Gran Taquito will satisfy the same craving.  So give it a shot next time you want great beans and carne asada but don't require table service or entertainment.
1	In an area of failing and closing restaurants El Gran Taquito is another fail. We had high hopes walking in yesterday as the place was packed with cops and they often know what's a good hole in the wall. I had the combo #1- both the pork and beef were dried out and well below proper temperature. The rice had zero flavor and the beans were grey. My husband had the chile relleno which he declared greasy but pretty good. I think his standards have already plummeted in the two weeks we have lived in the culinary wasteland that is Laveen.Within half an hour of returning home, I was suffering digestive distress. It looks like we'll have to start cooking for ourselves again.
4	This place is pretty good. Don't let the chipped paint on the walls make you think otherwise. All things considered, you get more bang for your buck at the newly opened Villas right next to the Verizon store in the same complex.
4	I can't believe I am reading this much negative response to this place... I think it is very good for what it is and where it is. The green chile is excellent, the street tacos are very good too, and they do not butter the quesadillas to death. I couldn't disagree more to the negative comments I am reading about this place...The cutomer service is excellent, they are always very friendly and the place is very clean. The service and food are your best option in that part of South Phoenix.  I choose Gran Taquito everytime!
4	Lunch special. Beef tamale, cheese enchilada, beans and rice. NOMNOMNOM! so good. We wanted a coke but the fountain machine was out so they gave us a glass bottled Coke and free second bottle as the "refill"! Great way to kick off a day out with my mom.
5	BEST mexican food Ive ever had.
1	So far I've tried this place 3 times. All I can say is it's below average Mexican fast food. Mexican food with FLAVOR is not that hard to make.
2	About a year or so ago, this place was great to go. It's not like there were or still are a lot of Mexican place in Laveen to go. The green chile was the best thing in my opinion, the rice and beans were good. The taso's were good. However now I would rather drive a little farther to get Mexican food. Before the green chile seems to be made fresh with real meat and now it seems like they have gotten lazy and they use canned meat. I don't know you can just tell by that mushy texture in your mouth. If you don't want to drive far to get Mexican food. I would atleast give this a try once to make your own judgement, however I would not suggest to get the green chile. The breakfast however will hit the spot.
2	Food is very good, but service is VERY VERY slow, and not very friendly. The girl running the register clearly doesn't want to be there. There are nothing but spanish magazines and newspapers on the tables, but the tv was on an english station!
1	There aren't many places to eat where I live in Laveen, though there are two Mexican eateries, and now three close to each other (not counting Taco Bell).  I was in the mood for a quick Mexican meal, so I went here, where I had gone months before, and remembered getting a cheese quesadilla with beans and rice on the side which I remembered being good. So today I returned, just requesting a cheese quesadilla.  And a side of fries, since I noticed they had them.The quesadilla was soon ready, and they waited till the fries were done to summon me to pick up my order from the counter.   The quesadilla was sliced in several non-triangular pieces, with apparently jack cheese oozing uncontrollably from inside its soft shell.  As I ate it, it seemed to just become a congealed mess, with the soft shell not even crisped much.   The fries were plenty hot and tasty, and I wound up eating all of those and leaving more of the quesadilla behind.So--how can you screw up a quesadilla?!?!  I mean, it's pretty basic.  I suggest trying out the other Mexican restaurants if you are local--even if it means waiting a little longer.  Life is too short to eat bad food!
4	First off, I'm glad I didn't read the reviews before I tried this place. I tried this place by accident since my regular hole wasn't ready for lunch and it was early still. I had the green burrito and bought 3 more for my guys at work as a thanks. We all loved them. One of the first things I always try is a green burrito, so I have had a lot of different ones. This place ranks with the best of them. We ended up eating here three days this week. I went with my other favorite Pastor and it was awesome as well. Neither burrito wasn't spicy, but I can handle really hot food, so I'm not the best guy to ask is it spicy or not. One of my guys , who I joke with telling him he had to turn in his Mexican card because he sweats just looking at black pepper, really enjoyed it because he could eat it all, although he still had a sheen of sweat on his brow. The staff was really friendly as well. Their prices are great for the portions you get.
5	This place has great food, everyone I have taken to El Gran Taquito has raved about the food, there are good portions and the beans are amazing with a small family owned feel.  I am all about supporting local business and keeping the community growing.
5	The best mini tacos (carne asada). Food is priced great with good sized portions. Interior is kept clean.
5	Best place in Laveen for Mexican food!  The tacos are excellent!  The people are really nice.  The place is very clean, smells really clean.  This is as close to my grandma's house as it gets without cooking the food myself.  Anyone who differs has no real taste for authentic Mexican food.  The only food I have gotten that I was not impressed with was the tamale.  But I was spoiled, always had tons of meat in our tamales so there is never any comparison when it comes to eating other peoples tamales.  Thanks for the great experience and not Americanizing the food!
4	Taco Tuesday-  4 Street Tacos and a drink for $5.  The chicken was okay, but the Al Pastor (Marinated Pork) was the bomb!  My buddy said the Carne Asada was good and felt the same about the chicken.Definitely will be going back.  I want to try the tortas!
4	Frequent visitor. Quick and convenient. Carne Asada Burrito is decent size and delicious enough. I prefer having burrito here over Chipotle, considering price and freshness
4	I found this place by accident.  The service was ok.  The guy who took my order wasn't very personable, but he wasn't unfriendly either.  I placed my order for the #3 lunch special (a crispy taco and burrito) and he asked me if I wanted green or red chile.  I chose green and was glad I did.  The taco was excellent with a homemade taco shell, shredded beef, lettuce, and tomato.  The side of the taco with the shredded beef was appropriately hot and the side with the lettuce and tomato was cold.  It had excellent flavor!  The burrito had a homemade tortilla with beef and green chili inside.  I asked for them not to cover it in sauce which they had no problem with.  The burrito was tasty and the green chili was very good.  The only thing I would have changed was that there was too much green chili and it was very messy.  I think it would have been as good with half as much.  I enjoyed my meal and look forward to returning again.
