5	My wife and I loved this place when we were living in Vegas. While it looks sketch from the outside, the staff is really friendly, and even the patrons are too! The inside is surprisingly roomy and has couch seating, tables, a non-smoking section, pool tables and a large circular bar.The first time we ever walked in we were greeted and chatted up by the bar tender, introduced to a few of the regulars and then bought a round of drinks from another couple. This was our hot spot as we came here usually on Friday or Saturday nights and Sunday mornings.
2	When I first came here, it was great.  Friendly staff, great selection and good Prices.  Then recently something happened and it went down-hill.  Now everytime I come in here there is no one there and it takes forever to get what I need.  I miss the Kareokee Friday's and the loud crazy people that use to infest this place.  If the owner looks at this,  make some changes back to the old ways!!!!!
5	Just ate there again, this time for lunch.  the service was good and the drinks were outstanding but the new bartender Carly was a freaking knockout!  i may make this my regular place to eat breakfast/lunch if bagel cafe closes down because i do love hot bartenders and good food and drinks, but i love desserts more!
3	Nice little dive bar. They offer free pool, too- But if you're a regular they take a $10 donation for felt, cues, chalk, etc. That's fine with me, it's way cheaper and less crowded than PTS and the bartenders are quite a bit friendlier.$3 PBR pints.They also have a kitchen and booth/table seating. I haven't eaten here yet but saw the food and it looks A-OK.It's right around the corner from my house, maybe I'll see you around!
3	Nice bar in an out of the way strip mall. The staff was really nice but not what I was expecting to pay for the location and a bar with an average beer selection. However they did have a decent food menu, a couple nice pool tables and a lounge area.
1	God Aweful...Don't go during day or swing... Unless u like being ignored.. These bartenders like hanging on other side of bar than serving Pretty sad Unless u need blow don't come hereIf u have blow u will score with a skank Geez losers
1	My friend and I walked in, not knowing anything about this place. We weren't greeted nor was there a sign as to seating yourself or being seated. We had a lady walk by and ask if we had ordered. We said no, and that was the last we saw of her. After poking our heads over the booth multiple times, a man came over and asked if we needed anything. Eating or drinking? Well, I'm the only one here, so... fifteen minutes later, he comes back, saying You're still here? What would you like to drink? Seven minutes later, he comes back. Mind you, there was barely anyone here. We were the only ones not at the bar. We've been here 30 minutes and barely got our drinks. I hope this is just a bad night, because this is a terrible experience. Btw, it didn't get better. Stay away unless you want to sit at the bar.
5	I have started frequenting this bar because of the friendly staff and amazing food. Chance the bartender is amazing, although he works graves. He is one of the best bartenders around. He treats everyone like a regular and is quick to take care of your needs. The food is also amazing. Try the tacos or the wings. They also have great drink speicals and and amzing selection of beers on tap.
