1	Aptly named.  Where the heck were they?  I took the trouble to go to their website and find out they have a kiosk at Kierland, their hours, force my kid to be seen in public with me so we can skin the new phone, fight the horrid traffic at Kierland to find the kiosk and snag a parking spot nowhere near it, walked all the way over to the kiosk - and no one's there.  Oh, it's open.  All their stuff is out, the equipment's fired up, register on.  Just no one there.  Wooooooooo, ghostly.  We seriously thought about applying the stuff ourselves.  We waited 10 minutes for the spectre to appear then left.  Thanks for wasting my time, Ghost Armor.
4	I am a bit accident prone when it comes to electronics.  I drop cell phones.  And laptops.  It almost seems like the more expensive the item is, the more likely I am to damage it.  To try and reduce the probability of an Unfortunate Accident hurting the beautiful screen on my shiny new iPad, a co-worker recommended Ghost Armor.  Just in case.On a recent visit to Kierland, I stopped by the kiosk.  I learned that the product can be applied to just the screen, or around the entire device.  Since I didn't like the look of 'seams' on the corners I decided to go with the screen only.  I didn't have my iPad with me, and was offered the option to purchase a gift card to use later and receive a $5 discount.  Well OK!A couple of days later I returned, iPad in hand, and had no problem with redeeming the gift card.  The screen protection was installed in 15 minutes and I was on my way.  I was told not to turn on the iPad for a couple of hours, and not to put it into any 'enclosed spaces' such as a cover, case or purse for a couple of days.So far so good!  Unless I look very closely at the edges of the iPad screen, I can't see the cover at all.  Also, the installation has a 7 day warranty, so if there are any issues I can bring it back and have them corrected at no cost.
2	Got my new iPad last spring and brought it here for a protective coating. The fella that applied the product was as nice as can be.  My issue is with the product.  It is pricy.  Within four months the back coverage began lifting.  It continued to worsen.  I began trimming the areas off and a few weeks ago just pulled it off.  The screen is still covered and doing okay.  There is a guarantee but there is a cost for reapplying.  If I had to do this every four months it would be ridiculously expensive.  Not worth it for me and I would not recommend.  The iPad is not abused and on the counter or in my purse.  I am a mature woman using it lightly.
5	This place is great for screen protectors! The guys that work here are professional and hard working. During Christmas time I got ghost armor on my iPhone 5 and they said if anything happens to the ghost armor I can come back and get it replaced for free but an extra $5 for the labor. I was riding In the car and my phone fell in between the seats. I reached and picked it up and the ghost armor was ruined. I went to ghost armor kierland and they fixed it in less than 20 minutes. I will definitely be back if anything else happens to it!
4	If you need anything for you or your home you can come here. Everything here affordable and the light, and so on things also battery you can take. The quicker service  I got for which I love to recommend. Another cause they have for you from the brand -be well.
