4	I agree with Arthur D - there is definitely a bit of a renaissance going on in the bar scene in Edinburgh at the mo'.  Lots of dodgy boozers being transformed into something more upmarket.I've yet to try the cocktail bar through the back & I haven't eaten here yet either. Must try both - any excuse to go back (again).  Each time I've been in, it's been for a drink on the way home from being up town.  The bar staff are friendly, there's a good selection of beers on tap and in bottle, which is a winner with the OH, the house wine is good, which is a winner with me.  It's definitely going to be my new local and I'm looking forward to many more visits in the months to come.
4	So sweet. This is so welcome in the neighbour. A funky wee hangout spot. Love the layout. The old man pub mixed with zebra print!Food was lovely. Granted I only had the bean salad. And what a salad!  So beautifully perfectly cooked. Crisp and bright green beans mixed with Parmesan I think. I still am thinking about it and it is about 3 weeks ago I went with a friend. Great service groovy music. I'll be visiting again. Good prices.
4	My friends and I were shopping in the Meadowbank area and at some point decided it was time for some lunch. I had heard good things about the Safari Lounge, so suggested this and as it was just round the corner we decided to go there.Being Saturday afternoon with football on etc. the pub was very busy. However, we managed to secure a table in the back room. A really friendly waitress came to take our drinks orders and we studied the menus. I have to say the Safari Lounge menu is the most interesting and diverse I have seen for ages. I mean - mussel popcorn, anyone? Or would you rather have some sushi? Don't worry - they've got it all covered.We ordered mussel popcorn and chicken wings for starters. Both were very tasty. There was a little pot of tartar sauce to go with the mussels.Main courses for 3 were lemon and black pepper chicken with thai slaw and salad, jungle king prawn curry and ribs and potatoes. Just like the starters, everything was well on flavour. The ribs were amazing - tender juicy meat falling off the bone. The accompanying potato slices were a tad too salty for my taste, though. Jungle curry had amazing flavours and it came with a couple of chapatis on the side.I really enjoyed my lunch here. The atmosphere is very relaxed and they're not trying too hard which contributes to the easy-going vibe.
5	Was a regular here for years when it was The Station Bar. I never thought The Safari Lounge would work. Well it does. The staff are friendly,and will go out of their way to help you. The food is top notch. The chef is a great guy. I would recommend this place to all. Give it a try,you will be surprised.
5	Unable to find anything that I didn't like about this place. The atmosphere, service and food on offer was impeccable. For the offerings I have to highlight their own Safari Lounge Beer. This is made especially for them by the Bellhaven Brewery. We sat in the back (the original Safari Lounge as some remember) and it was a nice affair with a sunny afternoon beaming through the windows. The 'fire place' and orange walls made a surreal effect of a warm summer feeling in the winter.. weird but effective. Edinburgh needs an injection of a little jungle heat. The hot dog version I choose was Jungle Brother - now I (my nick name being Jungleboy) could not resist. It was roaring with spices and heat. Thanks Chef! Oh a little nugget: The owner/chef used to be the Head Chef in Joseph Pearce. He is a good 'un! Nugget 2: he'll be opening the Lioness of Leith very soon - Stay tuned.
3	Can't comment on the prices as was treated here but the cheesecake portion was a good size and well presented, service was very good and the range of alcohol also very good. Kudos too for the tangerine & black tiling in the Gents.
5	After a few more visits this place has actually surprised me more and more. I did not know that they regularly changed their menu - from seasonal produce to new dishes altogether. My last visit included vegetarian Nuri Sushi - yes SUSHI! I, who cant eat fish, was so pleased to know that I can enjoy the taste of sushi without having to worry about my allergy. A big thank you to Joseph Malik - the chef who introduced these culinary delights. I enjoyed a main lunch of a Safari Chorizo Brunch Salad - bit heavy on the barley, but tasty. The proof was definitely in the pudding - or in this case their Passion Fruit Cheesecake with vanilla ice-cream. Well done and keep it up!
4	Had an appointment to pick up keys to a nearby airbnb flat at the Safari Lounge. Being quite late, about 10:30pm, but being hungry (don't want to go hangry...) after delays getting to Edinburgh via London from Stockholm something was needed, but wasn't expecting to find anything at this hour.Even if the chef went home the staff fixed together a really nice meal with feta, hummus, salad, ham, bread, olives and other stuff. Really nice atmosphere, friendly hand helpful staff and good, fresh food. Got nice ale too! Win!
4	Yelp  review-- safari lounge 23 may 2 pmHave had a most delicious meal here again. The service is great genuine and friendly. The chap who makes the smoothies is inventive and creative. I'm not a fan of banana so he did a watermelon apple fresh mint. SURPERB!
5	The Safari Lounge had great food with a wide variety of choices. Service was outstanding and I really enjoyed the atmosphere. Definitely somewhere I would go back.Waitresses were speedy and friendly. I ordered the smoked salmon and couldn't have been happier. If you're looking for a light lunch or dinner and some drinks, you can't go wrong here.
5	Favourite lunch place - friendly and professional service, very good food, and a nice place to sit down, relax, and chat with your mates.
4	I'm really quite keen on the Safari Lounge, and it's ended up being a fairly regular pub for us.  No doubt it's proximity to our flat helps, but so does the relaxed atmosphere, the quirky decor (as the name would suggest, it's all big game themed) and the friendly staff. Pull yourself up a cowhide stool, get a pint of an interesting European beer, and admire the animals on the wall, and you've got yourself a pretty solid place for a Sunday pint.  I've heard good things about the food, but have yet to try it myself, and it's worth noting the room at the back which, judging by the fact that it has a small bar of its own (usually unmanned), I'd assume can be hired out for private parties.Let's be honest too, this area of town doesn't have much competition when it comes to interesting pubs, so Safari will continue to be a regular haunt.
