2	fast food burger joint, nothing new here(inside fiesta rancho casino)... got the avocado club chicken sandwich,loaded with mayo and ranch sauce, too much for my liking, making the sandwich salty. Afterwards made me real thirsty, it sound good, but I thought it could of been better, maybe should of tried the burger, but it will be awhile, no desire to return... Yes food menu was pricey for burgers and drinks... Service was fast, not much seating when crowded, took mine to go..
4	I love Smashburger and I was thrilled when its fifth location opened in the Fiesta Rancho. The burgers are like how my grandmother used to make them, the shakes are so rich and creamy and I love the fried pickles. The ONLY problem is the lack of seating and space. As I was ordering, I was concerned if I would get a table (I did) but I can see that could be a problem, especially with big groups. But the food is wonderful, decadent, comfort food (yes, they offer healthy salads for the person with will power and discipline) and with the ice rink available, you can always get it to go.
4	I must admit that Smashburger has become one of my favorite burgers. This location is VERY small as it is inside of the Fiesta and mainly services hotel guests and carryout order. Delicious nonetheless!
4	Hammertime at the smash burger, yum yum yummy!  If I were to compare any other places to Smash Burger I'd say Five Guys and Fat Burger off the top of my head.  I feel like smash burger is equal to five guys and only slightly better in the aspect that their burger was not doused in grease and made my stomach hurt afterwards, but not quite as fantabolous as Fat Burger.  I found myself hustling the casino (or so I like to think) and realized it was dinner time; so Smash burger here I came.  Let's have it known that I'm in the middle of the P90x workout and I shouldn't be eating this type of food in the first place (I know I know, I fail!) BUT, it was better than going and getting enchiladas or some other high carb food item.  I already knew I was going without the bun, but to my amazement there create your own burger had an option for no bun, glorious! Now I wouldn't feel stupid ordering a burger with no bun.  So I ordered it with some jalapenos and such and when it was time to pay, I said charge it to my room please (as I had done with the other places) sadly they were not there yet, she did say soon, but not yet.  So I paid, she said 10-15 minutes, it was done in about 6, I was worried because it was quick and I immediately thought greasy thin crappy burger awaits me, but when I opened the container I immediately started a dive bomb into the deliciousness of beef, cheese, jalapenos, avocado and tomato that was staring me in the face.  AND BAM! Just like that 4 minutes I was done- another please!  No No... I didn't but I wanted to. It was very good, quick, the staff was friendly and minus my ability to be able to charge it to my room, It was an awesome experience.
5	Much more better than your average fast food!
3	CLOSED!  WHAT A HORRIBLE SHOCK. The best thing about this place is they called me Miss.  I am so sick of young people calling me by my first name once they HAVE to have it to call out my order.  As an older woman i feel i have earned this right to be called Ma'am or Miss. Thank you. Now the food: the haystack onions are my fav sometimes too salty but good.
