5	I was on vacation in need of a manicure and pedicure over Memorial Day weekend, and was able to get in with Nancy due to a cancellation.  This is BY FAR the nicest nail salon I have been to.  The decor is very tastefully done, ALL of the equipment is BRAND new and the staff is friendly.  I have been to many different nail salons in the Chicagoland area, and none can top the overall ambiance that Scottsdale Nails has.   Perhaps you guys might consider expanding in the Midwest? ;)  Nancy was very friendly and courteous, and did a great job.  It was $40 for a mani/pedi (not including a $10 tip), which is about the going rate in Chicago. Overall I am more than satisfied and happy that I was able to get an appointment here, and next time we travel to Scottsdale I will definitely be back! :)
1	First off don't buy the $40 for $50 deal. I did, they would not honnor the yelp voucher but told me they would still give me $10 off... So I spent  $40 on a voucher I can't use. They told me to call yelp and cancel the voucher.... That's not easy... So as we speak I'm out the $40 for the voucher and $73 for services. Also I got the base manni peddi package, they kept trying to tell me I wanted the more expensive manni & peddi. I didn't want that. So she asked me how I would like the nails on my hands, I said buffed, no polish. Guess what, that's an additional $3. Really?? That's the first time that's ever happened... Anyway, I'm not happy with my experience and now I need to contact yelp to get my $40 back from the voucher....
5	Clean and friendly environment. Lee did a great job on my manicure and pedicure. He was very accommodating. Reasonably priced services. I was offered a list of other services but there was no pressure.
4	Great salon!  It's hard to find clean salons and this one is super clean and sanitary.   They are friendly and welcoming and I got great pink and whites from Tom.
5	I love this place and cannot imagine going anywhere else. I get liquid gel over my own nails with gel polish. Jenny is amazing and always does a fantastic job. I recommend coming here for any of your pampering needs!
4	Very nice place, with massage chairs and whirlpool foot baths. A little more pricey than what I'm used to in LA, but fancier too. Pedicure got rid of most of my calluses and my manicure has lasted a week so far.
5	I called and wanted to come in a half hour before they were closing, they said come in!  They were so kind and accomodated me and stayed late!  I've been going here for a few months now, Tom does AMAZING nails!  Really happy i found this little gem, clean, freindly and quality nails with lovely service! I get acrylic (no backfills or white tips) and gel over the acrylic....lasts 2-3 weeks, never chips and always looks fresh till i get my fill!
1	Not a smile or any level of friendliness when I walked in. I greeted the lady with a hello, asked if they could take me, and what it would cost for a gel fill. Then the first lady pulled out powder, and when I told her I had asked for liquid gel, told me it was another five dollar charge. Which, I was fine with and had no objections. By the time the lady was done, my fingers looked like they had blocks on top of them.  Thick, lazy application, half my nail bed was white because I'd requested French, no shape. It looked like someone that hadn't graduated from cosmetology school yet, had practiced on me. I walked out feeling like the woman had charged good money $40 for a fill plus tip, for substandard results. Really bummed because the place was clean and a convenient location.
2	Had an appointment to get liquid gel nails done.  The lady who did my nails was very rude and I didn't like how they turned out. I tired to communicate with her but was ignored.  Will not return,  would not recommend.
4	Highly recommend this place! Clean, friendly and pretty quick in getting you seated. Ask for Tommy, he always does a fantastic job.
4	Typically go to a salon just north of this one & they were dead. I was the only one there when I got there. It got busier as I was there but it was nice to find a place in Scottsdale that you can do a walk in appointment at still. The place is clean, I got a nice pedicure & gel manicure for reasonable prices. If my regular place is ever busy again I'll be back :)
5	Absolutely love my nails! I'm a bartender at the Dirty Dogg which requires acrobats and performing hula hoop stunts which are rough on the hands. So I waited to post to see if my set would hold up to the job...which they definitely have and still look amazing!! I went to Anh...she was very sweet and I could tell she took pride in what she does. The salon is gorgeous too! I will be back again and again.
5	I really liked them!!! Everyone in there was just as pleasant as could be. And they were open past 6pm.  I come from California and most nail places are open till 9pm as people are coming in after work.  Well they were open and I'm so glad they were. this is the first place I have gone where I loved my nails.  If you haven't tried them you should!!!
