4	This state street whole in the wall offers a vast array of two kinds of dumplings-meat or potato.  I get half-and-half.  Spicy or not, free bread, drink and sour cream for five dollars.  One thing, done well.
1	This great place is now under new ownership....don't patronize it, the original owner was forced out by his partner through some sort of shady business deal.  Very sad, and it was so good. 4 stars before, now only a 1.
2	Before the ownership scandal of 2005, Pel'meni would have received 5 stars. The dumplings are perfectly seasoned reasonably priced amazing morsels of goodness.  Back then you were allotted unlimited sour cream, a soda, and of course your 20 dumplings for $5.  The spicy dumplings were a bi or tri weekly meal for quite a while.  However now that the new owner has taken over, they now charge extra for soda,have unpredictable hours, sometimes just don't have potato dumplings, and (most insulting) I found a stray beef dumpling in my potato. Ack. I may never return.
3	Yes, the Pel'meni heyday has since passed, but it's still cheap, quick, and pretty tasty.
5	Pelmeni's Russian Dumplings are the best thing to come out of Russia since Gorbachov's birthmark.From a foodways standpoint, this place is a goldmine of genuine cultural fusion:Handmade RUSSIAN dumplings meets two dips (sour cream and the CHINESE-rooster hot sauce) with a dash of INDIAN curry powder on top.  Best of all, this is a invention of the folk, not some academic chef.From a utilitarian standpoint, this place is bliss:The simple ordering-style puts chipotle to shame.  Nothing but dumplings.  Here are your options:  potato/beef/half-half dumplings, spicy/notspicy half/full order.   All for $5/$7.  And you get a carbonated beverage too.  I recommend Squirt.From an addicts standpoint, this place is dangerous:I crave this stuff.  It's addictive.  Dumpling crack.
1	closed
3	i miss pelmenifortunately i left townbefore they closed shop
5	$hit, this place was awesome back in 2004 when i was in school there.  $5 for an overloaded container of dumplings with hot sauce and sour cream.  I got to know the owner because i was always in there and he'd get me to the front of the long line every time.One time i came by right after they closed and knocked on the window and he let me and my buddy in while they closed up.  He served us a huge portion and when they finished closing shop, he brought out a bottle of vodka shaped like a tommy gun and shared it with us.  They had a sweet record collection too.  Sorry to hear they closed.
5	This place was amazing! Great "street food" and great price!  It was a very sad day when it closed for good.....
5	the discovery of this place in 2004 forever changed my tastebuds.  since it's closed now, i can finally review based on the store when it first opened and i fell in love with it, and not after the shady change in business owners where i boycotted the last year or so anyway.$5 for delicious plates of dumplings, either beef or potato, either butter or spicy.  i always got spicy half and half (half potato, half beef), never with sour cream tho cuz i don't like the stuff.  just 1 extra dollar for a soda and it was among the cheapest, most filling dinners in town.  as a campus "safewalker," i stopped here nearly every night i worked for my dinner.before they closed, i bought up several orders for freezing (which they let you do), and rationed them out for months after their closing.  they let me in on the secret for the spicy toppings.~butter~a little rice wine vinegar~cilantro~curry powder~srirachatop that with a piece of pumpernickel, and you have nothing short of pure magic.  5 years later i still have dreams about this place, and once even tried requesting a pel meni mold for my birthday (still waiting on one of those - HINT HINT people)!when i moved to boston, i was thrilled to find a russian grocery store that had frozen pel meni.  tho i have tried both their packaged and their home-made varieties, nothing has come close to the madison gem.original pel meni genious  - if you're reading, please PLEASE come to boston!  i will eat dinner at your store and bring throngs to this mecca - just please make this dream a reality!  i suppose i'd settle on just learning your pel meni recipe if nothing else...
5	Note, the original proprietor of this establishment, Paul has opened a new restaurant selling dumplings near State Street, check out http://www.yelp.com/biz/pauls-pelmeni-madison instead.
