4	I really like the Living Room, despite the fact it's mainly aimed for the elite in the city. I like it because when you walk in there's a warm atmosphere and a piano playing in the background. I like it because you are led through the restaurant and all the sexy leather booths to your table with every eye in the joint following you. I like it!The best thing about this restaurant is the food. My mum comes here regularly and she always says it's a hit or a miss, but I always get a hit. I've never had a bad experience here but I am aware that a lot of people do, so keep that in mind.There is always a good deal on the internet to dine in The Living Room, 2 for 1 and 30% discounts etc. It's worth going if the deal is good enough, I like it!
3	Maybe I'm just a little bit miserly recently, and not really in sync with inflation and the cost of life and such like, but I do find a meal plus a few glasses of wine in here fairly pricey. However, if you come to George Street to drink or dine, you have to encompass and in some ways embrace the fact that you'll be paying more than you would in other areas of the city, and if the well-to-do sophistication (mostly) of George Street is what you're looking for, then you probably won't mind spending a wee bit more money to have an upmarket culinary experience.On the plus side, the food here is very decent, and the portions are generous too, so you aren't paying over the odds for tiny food, and you will feel like you've actually eaten. The roasted shoulder of lamb and the sea bass dish have both been enjoyed by me in the past, and the menu is quite extensive, with a range of classic, fairly traditional options. The bar section next to the restaurant is popular all week, and a pretty pleasant choice of place to drink in, and there's sometimes a live piano accompaniment to all the drinking merriment.
2	This place is full of opposites.It's a warm, welcoming atmosphere (from the buzz of chat, the piano and the smell of food) accompnied by some of the nastiest service I have ever experienced from a mamber of staff who so clearly thought I didnt belong in the Living Room that I'm suprised she didnt just come right out and say it.The food is expensive and very nicely presented - but you either get it on a great day and the food is delicious or it is bland and tastless. Worst thing is, there is no way of telling which day is which.The most annoying thing however, is the clientel of this place. You get (as you may have noticed from the other reviews of this place), the Edinburgh Elite mixing with people who just want some nice food and a drink. Mixing those two together isnt a great mix as at least on the side of the non-elitist's its more than a bit uncomfortable.
4	Comfortable bar with great food and drinks.  Good service too.  A nice respite from the cold.
4	Been here a few times and its always good, as is the service and the foods lovely.  but beware if you've booked a table for dinner at 7pm don't order the club sandwich at 1.30 like I did, jeez what a plate full it was the best club sandwich Ive had in a long time, so I had to scoff the lot as you do. come 7pm still not hungry, but I still managed a 3 course meal.OINK OINK
3	Reading the other reviews I think there is a common theme.. this place tries to be top end but just kind of well isn't, some of the dishes are very good, and the wine selection is not bad but its not in the same league as some of the places its trying to match up to. the best example of this i think was when dining there with my ex I ordered the seared tuna with aioli and make no mistake it was a good dish, served with young asparagus I was a happy Jd but when ordering the waitress turned and said to me "ye kaen its raw in the middle like" now being from Kirkcaldy im quite used to this sort of answer. however for George st, for the price and for what they try to be i just think they dont quite hit the mark. I think the menu could also use a revamp and might benefit from a more seasonal approach if they want to match their prices.
3	I'll give this place a solid "A-OK" despite the fact that it really isn't the kind of place which I normally choose to frequent.It has a crisp yet comfortable interior and makes some very tasty drinks.  Of the George Street drink related offerings, The Living Room is up near the top for me.That being said, I cannot forget the time I had a bottle of white wine with friends and the waiter whisked it away without checking if there was wine left in the bottle.  We were so wrapped up in a conversation and he was so quick that we didn't manage to catch him but flagged him up and informed him that we had about 1/4 of a bottle left.  He actually argued with us, saying that he up-ended the bottle and there was certainly nothing left in it.  It was the oddest experience,  We finally argued our way into getting some replacement wine, but nowhere along the line did anyone apologise to us.  The whole thing was quite bizarre and though I wouldn't colour the whole bar on that one experience, I would say that if you are drinking wine in a group keep an eye out that they don't snag your bottle!
4	Food and service were both good not great. Ribeye steak was mediocre whole seabass was excellent. Ambience was great for a Monday night with the bar full and restaurant tables packed with a young vibrant crowd.
4	Went for dinner on a recommendation from a family friend living in Edinburgh.  Had the smoked haddock and it lived up to the recommendation.    Good atmosphere, though felt a little under-dressed in jeans and a collared plaid shirt on a Friday night.
4	I admit, I wasn't sure what to expect when a friend suggested meeting here for lunch. Having read previous Yelp reviews it appeared to be hit or miss. And by its location alone I was apprehensive that 'substance' may be overlooked for 'style' (don't judge, we all make pre-informed decisions like these.)Upon entering I was quite pleased with what a chilled out but stylish place it was. I've been here before for drinks in the evening, and the place makes the transition from lunch time spot to evening drinks quite well. There's also a whole restaurant section out the back which keeps the majority of dining away from the drinking.The menu is quite extensive and creative for a stylish bar. I opted for the scallop and chorizo starter, with a side of balsamic vegetables and my friend the beef and ginger salad. Despite that it was a starter, three of the largest, juiciest scallops I've seen emerged, with proper big chunks of chorizo. Again, I was slightly sceptically expecting some lifeless, generic uninspired dish but I was impressed!And it was delicious. The veg especially (although a little oily). And one of my scallops was slightly, slightly less cooked inside. But it was ok. The salad looked great too.The staff were attentive and friendly. The food was delicious, although not cheap for a mid-week lunch. It's perhaps a perfect spot for ladies who lunch mid-week or a nice lazy weekend brunch, lunch and booze spot.Patchy reviews and experience are a shame, as it was quite a delightful wee lunch that I had here.
5	Fantastic service as you walk through the door! Staff were genuine and friendly.They are quick to get you comfy at your table with an array of drinks to offer. There's good deals on all the time and the food! Oh the food, it was fantastic!I had The beer batter tiger prawns to start, couldn't get enough of them, and for main I had The trio of pork. Pancetta Wraped pork fillet, crispy pork fillet and black pudding with a sage and garlic mash and apple sauce. Would recommend to anyone, especially if you like the sound of a live piano playing!
4	Love going to the living room. Different atmosphere between lunch and dinner. At lunchtime you can hear yourself speak!Wide range of food and often 2 for 1 main course offers. It doesn't matter what kind of food you are looking for there is a good chance you will find it there. Great sharing platters, very tasty fish and chips and steak pie. Yummy puddings - if you have space. We sometimes do a sharing platter then move on to pudding because if we each have a main we are defeated before dessert.
5	Wow what a night!!!!!Myself and three friends( One being Lindsay O - fellow Yelper) attended The 'Taste Of Chrismas Event' last night held at The Living Room on George Street. It was simply fantastic. We arrived early before the event commenced and were given aan envelope of christmas vouchers, and 2 free raffle tickets that were to be drawn laterthat evening. On entering the event which was on the opposite side of the bar, we were given a glass Prosecco, whist we mulled around looking at the cupcakes, which we got some free tasters of ! After enjoying our Prosecco, we then enjoyed a cocktail masterclassbehnd the bar and we made our own cocktails, and drank them after. They were tasty!! We then enjoyed glasses of wine and our partners had Cobra. They then opened a yummy yummy buffet with a selection of the food they will have forr christmas lunch/ dinner. Cute Canapes and scrumptious deserts & their was penty!!! Their certainlywas not a fight for food! We went at 6pm and stayed till just after 9pm - ( the event finished at 8pm but it was so good we forgot the time! The whole evening & event was great and it was all absolutley free !!!! It was a Yelpers dream!
5	Was here with Carolann and Alan for their Christmas event. Very well organised with a glass of prosecco on arrival and cup cake tasting, great buffet, jewellery stands and cocktail demonstrations.  Free flowing wine and beer. I ended up behind the bar mixing cocktails with the bar men....what fun! I am now a Living room privilege card holder and I will be back. Top marks for this night and well done Carolann for your recommendation.
3	I used to be a regular visitor to The Living Room, when I used to work in the neighbourhood, but it had been a while since my last visit. I found it much as I'd left it, with the dining room smart, and the service rather good. However, the food was a little underwhelming, with the soup none too impressive. The pork and chorizo burger was good though, so it's the kind of place where careful ordering may result in a decent experience.Overall, we said: "it was a bit of a mixed bag from The Living Room. The service was really good, the place is smart and airy, and the dishes were presented in a range of quite stylish ways, but the food didn't scintillate. My burger aside, what thee dishes had in common was that they were light on flavour. This was a shame, as with a little greater attention to seasoning and spicing, The Living Room could be a solidly pleasing place, with a broad appeal."
4	Came here for pre-dinner drinks on Friday and noticed they had chocolate cocktails  on their menu for Easter. Yum. Will definitely be back to try them again.
5	Ive enjoyed the Living Room a number of times with friends. Its a very easy restaurant. Ive given it a 5 out of 5 as of recently due to the amazing offers the restaurant has been giving out. The last 2-3 times we've dined here we've had 50% off for amazing food and spectacular service! Thanks Living Room Team!
3	The service, while slow at some moments (not their fault, I was there with a very large birthday dinner party), was overall excellent. Personality, helpful, etc. The food however was... eh. My favorite part was stealing some chips from my friends steak side. my starter (the scallop taster) and my main (seafood linguine) was fine, but not really enthralling. I don't mean to offend, but I've had more exciting ready meals from Waitrose. And at easily less than a third of the price. The physical space was great, the service was great, but the food left me longing.
4	The waiting room is very nice and fancyThe food is really nice and filling although it is very pricey.
