3	"It's Meow isn't it?""I'm sorry?""You spelled Meow wrong.""Where?""On the Front of your shop, right outside, it's spelled M-E-O-W."*Blank Stare*"Can I help you with something?"For all visitors to this shop,You'll find a boat load of beautiful gifts for anyone who likes something different. Lovely wee one pieces for  your new born baby and a recycled Stella bottle clock for Uncle Stevie the pisshead. It's all unique and it's all cheap.For the girl at the counterhttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cat_communication#Meowing
5	I'm not going to argue with the title of this shop, it's amazing.I didn't know that so much of the stock in here would be kitty themed, so being the massive cat fan I am I was thrilled! It had an eclectic assortment of stock, ranging from cute little cat brooches, whimsical greetings cards and locally handcrafted jewellery.Some of the bear shaped necklaces and fox covered notebooks were very indie, and the quaint curiosities would appeal to both young and old alike. They had some cracking diaries on a "lolcat" theme, and some Japanese good luck cat rubbers. I bought them since they were only 70p, but won't be using them any time soon - they are too adorable!The woman behind the desk was exceptionally friendly and I had good fun gabbing to her about the interesting variety of stock, birthdays and design. The highlight of the shop for me was the collection of plush cats, handmade by a girl who had just finished graphic design at uni. She even helped design their canvas and carrier bags! I only intended to come in here for a look but emerged with a ton of stuff, including a soft toy lucky cat for myself, made by that talented girl who has now moved away. Although I've been trying to save money I could not leave without buying some of their delightful stuff, and had to physically remove myself from the store before I spent any more!Lovely staff and a fantastic store full of quaint, quirky, wonderful designs from all over the place. A hidden treasure in this area! And enough cat curiosities to kill my wallet. What's that you're saying about me being a cat lady? Shush, now!
4	Do you like quirky gift shops?Are you stuck for gift ideas?Is it the daunting Christmas shop or birthday coming up?Then this is the place for you. Packed with original gifts, crafty cards and cute slippers this is certainly a treasure trove for you to explore! (and quite often a lifesaver as well!)
4	This shop is the epitome of girly 'me time'. It stocks everything from jwellery to baby clothes, and from second-hand cashmere to incnse. Although as most people have pointed out it's an ideal place to buy gifts for the various females in your life, personally I will also be buying things for myself from here just as regularly!Which won't be that often, as it's a little bit pricey, but a treat a day keeps the doctor away if you ask me. If you come in here and can't find something that either you or the person you're buying for will like, then quite frankly you're an idiot.
4	Edinburgh isn't short of slightly hippy dippy gifts hops, and this one has to be up there with the cream of the crop. While it's true that they really should know the correct spelling of our mouse-munching pals' vocalisations, primary-school spelling errors didn't put me off the marvellous Babelon Cafe, so won't do otherwise here.Sells various trinkets, oddities and doo-dahs you really can't find anywhere else. I can't think of a better place to collect a last minute gift for a female recipient who is into cute or odd stuff.
4	As the other reviewers have mentioned, The Cat's Miaou is a bit of a mish mash of everything and every inch of this tiny shop is filled with wares. Essentially, it's a gift shop and as the mix of items is so varied, you could find a gift for everyone, and their Gran in here.They have;-baby clothes-kids toys-ornaments-key rings-stickers-stationery-jewellery-scarves-bags-cards...the list is endless really and you could get lost under a mountain of knick knacks here. Definitely worth a browse if you're in need of a gift and it has a cute name too.
4	If you ever want to know what the inside of my head (the metaphysical thoughts, not the physical inside...ew) looks like then have a look in The Cat's Miaou. It's as though someone caught a glimpse and externalised my internal monologues and vibe.It's small but is covered floor to ceiling in lots of lovely things. It's a bit frantic and lacking in a major order but charming in its bric-a-brac feel. There's no common theme, although it is slightly earthy and, for-want-of-a-better-word, hippyesque in its hand-made children's clothes, gemstone silver jewelery, incense and gifts-of-the-earth vibe. You could spend an hour browsing, looking in every nook and cranny for wee surprise gifts for yourself or someone else. It's pretty in a messy way, it seems that the owner has chosen all that she sells based on whether she likes it. But it works.As I mentioned, there's children's clothes and toys, lots of silver jewellery with gemstones, as well as some hand-made jewellery, but then also some retro, hipster plastic chunky jewllery, incense (including that famed blue-and-white Nagchampa box. A sign to me that a store knows what it's doing when it comes to incense), cards and other things.At the top of Leith Walk on Elm Row, in between Italian delis, print shops, cartridge stores, fruit&veg stores and not many other shops sits The Cat's Miao - an adorable gift and trinket store. It's in an odd location, I can't say I ever would have thought "I need to get some gemstone earrings for my auntie, I should start having a look round Leith Walk", but in a way it suits the store as it's so ecclectic and quirky and...not what you'd expect.I really like it. I adore the name. I heart the slightly odd spelling of 'miaow' and the tongue-in-cheek adaptation of that saying "the cat's whiskers" (meaning top dog, meaning the best of the best).It's out of the way but I would go out of my way to come here again. I ended up purchasing two small amber rings...for myself. Everyone needs a gift to themselves sometimes right? As a note, I have really small hands and a lot of the rings fit! So for any other people who are petite-of-hand out there, it's worth checking out for ring-trying-on alone.Speaking of which, I need to go back when I have more time to browse the others soon.
4	I would totally compare walking into 'The Cat's Miaou' like wandering aimlessly through the souks of Marrakech! Gorgeous things as far as the eye can see, cute childrens clothes, brightly coloured glass lamps, beautiful jewellery and it smells like cedar...that's actually all the lovely wooden jewellery boxes that take me right back to Morocco! (fortunately, there are no dodgy men with trays of human teeth, or cobras, hanging about!)  This shop is usually my first stop when I'm looking for an interesting piece of jewellery for a gift, or an unusual handmade card and, on this visit, I experienced some of the most wonderful customer service ever! The night I popped in (the shop is joyfully open until 7pm on weeknights and Saturdays!), it was the owner Kate Mackenzie that looked after me. She listened to what I was after, didn't laugh at my meagre budget and set about trying to find me the perfect piece of jewellery in manner of 'Challenge Anneka'.I looked at pretty gemstone necklaces, delicate silver ones, long chains, short chains and even necklaces that were way above my budget (just because I fell in love with them and wanted to try them on!).  Eventually, a very patient Kate showed me a selection of Polish handmade jewellery that happened to be on sale. Apparently the designer occasionally brings a few extra pieces that can be sold for a lower price! I got a beautiful piece that was was perfect. I loved it, my friend loved it and I was an extremely happy shopper!The wonderful selection of unusual gifts and pretty things, at a price to suit every budget, is already a joy to behold...but add in the excellent care and attention this Yelpy shopper was given, and you have a gorgeous shop I will return to again and again. (and it's much, much closer than Morocco!)
4	An eclectic mix of art, wood, woolen and fabric gifts. Hand made is the key here - so many local artists and creative souls represented in one small space. I have purchased some drift wood picture frames that are so natural but classy at the same time, in addition to some pottery and a fab "Och aye the moo!" mug for a friend who has bovine interests. It is perhaps less well laid out than some of its peers, for example Eero and Riley, but it is very much "its own shop" for that.
5	OMG I can't even when I enter this store. This is the cutest brick-a-brack store I've just about ever been in. I immediately was ooh-ing and aaah-ing everything I saw, and the prices are very reasonable as well! For a more frugal-minded person like myself, you'll find some things are marked down or just decently priced from the get-go. Some things may be a little pricier, sure, but the quality is worth it.This is the perfect shop for not only gifts for your friends and family, but also treating yourself to some adorable goodies. Will be going back for sure!
