3	I take my kiddos here regularly and I almost always get in and out with no hassle. They put notes in thier computer system of how we like our hair cuts so we don't ever have to explain it to someone new. There are a few toys in front to keep my 2 year old entertained and the staff is friendly.
5	Ask for David- he is very very good at color and cuts.  He's also good at listening to what you want to do with your hair and figuring out how to make you look good!  Call and ask for an appointment with him-- he books up fast because he's worth it.  Every friend I've referred to him says the same thing-  he's good!
5	Heather did a AMAZING job with my cut and color.  She was professional and friendly.  I will be coming back to her for sure.  I would recommend her to anyone!!  She listened to what I wanted and she keeps track of everything in the computer so when I want my color she knows what she did last time.  GO SEE HEATHER!  She was great!
5	Tried this location once again. Usually stylist cuts my hair so short that I have to wait a few weeks for it to grow out before I can do anything with it. The last time I went the stylist cut my hair shorter on one side than the other. I only went back because it was close to my house and I had a limited amount of time. This time was the charm. Melissa cut my hair and it looks fabulous. Just the right length on top and the back is as short as I wanted. I walked out of there looking great. If you want a great hair cut with a stylist who really listens to what you want then ask for Melissa.  She is fantastic.
1	Review is late because of holiday commitments.Hairdresser was David HoefflinTHIS IS LONG, BUT READ ONOn Dec 9, 2014 I had an appointment for highlighting. I have short hair.  I was approx. 5 min. late.   We discussed color, I wanted a golden blond to blend in with my brown and grey, but yet noticeable.  He said no,  I needed to go more with the color of my hair,. I couldn't decide fast enough and he got VERY short tempered with me.  I explained how the highlighting  had been done in the past that I liked very much. A weave with foils.  He had already started coloring (not doing the weave I had asked for). He said trust me you'll love it.   He apologized for being short, but he had other clients to help and I was taking to long.  There was no one in the shop but one other lady already being worked on.He continued coloring his way, just putting a small amount of hair in each foil. When he was through I mentioned that he had no foils  from the crown down in the back, only on the sides.  He said I didn't need any in the back, the sides would go back and cover it.  I argued the point several times, but his  answer to me on everything today, trust me you'll love it.  Trust me you'll love it!!!!!!!!.    Once they are at this point , after 20 min  or so) the hairdresser has always checked the color.  Not David.  He finished, went and cleaned his bowl, went to the office, closed the door and   approx. 35 min. later came out and said , let's wash it out. He never checked the color.   He did so, then dried my hair. *I did not want a style).   I paid him (which I should not have) and left.    2 days later I got my hair cut elsewhere, and they said my hair did not look like it had been colored at all.   I have been going to the hairdresser  for cuts and colors for  many, many , many years.  I have never been treated so rudely and had my directions completely disregarded.    When I walked out, there were no clients for anyone waiting.
